Vhe Unique Magazine Dont Miss This Startling Thrill-Tale THE GHOSTS oPSTEAMBOAT COULEE \	1% Air&ajr Jdmrlk© m THE DEVIL-RAY, a Startling Preado-scientific Story by Joel Martin Nichols, Jr., Begins in This IssueUnusual Stories WEIRD TALES lias obtained a wealth of utterly bizarre and original stories, and the next few issues will offer a superb feast of imagina- tive reading—scientific tales that plumb the future with prophetic insight; tales of other planets, and the cosmic spaces between the stars; gooseflesh tales of unutterable horror; uncanny stories of werewolves and biack magic; graveyard tales; ghost-stories such as the Southern negro tells around a watermelon patch at night; thrill-tales of weird action; tales of the bizarre and unusual; fascinating orientales; gripping Chinese and Egyptian mystery tales; stories that take the reader far away from the humdrum environment of everyday life. Among the gems in the next few issues are: THE WOMAN OF THE WOOD, By A. Merritt A forest of trees in actual warfare against their human foes—a different tale, utterly weird, utterly fascinating, utterly thrilling—grippingly told by the author of “The Moon Pool” and other startling books. FETTERED, By Greye La Spina A serial novel of occult Evil that drew its chains about two men and two women in the northern woods—a tale of midnight horror and frightful doom—an utterly fascinating story that will hold the reader breathless. THROUGH THE VORTEX, By Donald Edward Keyhoe Thrilling novelette about one who was drawn through the whirling vortex into a strange land inhabited by frightful monsters and fearsome green- hued men. THE DREAMER OF ATLANAAT, By E. Hoffmann Price f . .................■	— g An orientale of exquisite beauty and strange thrills—a tale of the Lord of the World, and the fierce Sultan of Angor-lana, by the author of “The Sultan’s Jest” and “The Stranger From Kurdistan.” SI URAG OF THE TAIL, By Oscar Cook Terrific story of a man-eating orchid in the wilds of Borneo—a mystery tale of weird adventures in the jungle wilderness. THE LIFE SERUM, By Paul S. Powers Startling pseudo-scientific yarn about a great physician who passed the frontiers of life and came back again—a surgeon who thought he had solved the secret of death. SPIDER-BITE, By Robert S. Carr A tale of great white Egyptian tomb-spiders, resurrected mummies, cata- leptic trances and precious jewels—a story of eery thrills. THE DEVIL’S GRAVEYARD, By G. G. Pendarves Giles the Thruster comes back from the Pit to fulfil an ancient curse, accompanied by the Four Ancients and Gaffarel the Mighty. 'T'HESE are but a few of the many super-excellent stories in store for -1- the readers of WEIRD TALES. To make sure of getting your copy each month, just pin a dollar bill to this coupon. WKIItD TALES, 408 Holliday Building, Indianapolis, Ind. Enclosed find $1 for special five months subscription to "Weird Tales”, to begin with the June issue. (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) s Name__ Address City State.WANTED: Men to Keep Pace with R. B. Cook “ f\ CHICAGO When a young man can advance in four years from a routine job to Che position of Sales Manager of one of the big wholesale houses of Chicago—without any pull except his own initiative—there must be a reason. There is a reason* It's summed up in the LaSalle salary* doubling plan. What that plan has done for R. B. Cook it can do for any man sincerely ambitious CO increase his earnings* Advance, by this Plan, to Bigger Pay! 4lWorth More Than $10,000” —(So writes R. B. Cook, the employee) *‘The advancement I have made daring the past five years was made possible thro your splendid training and the various services which 1 have used with much profit. Two years ago 1 wrote you saying that I would not part with the knowledge LaSalle training has brought me for $10,000. Today I can say I would cot part with it for many times Chat amount/*	^ . (Signed) R. B. COOK, Chicago. “You Are Rendering Our Organization a Distinct Service” (—So write, R. A. Railton, the employer) "In training a half million men, yonr institution has made a valu- able contribution to business. I feel that in bringing to our attention a man with the training and capabili* ties of Mr. Cook, yon are rendering nnrorganiaation a distinct service.n (Signed) R. A. RAILTON, Chicago. Here is the story of a pace-maker—a man who refused to let handicaps obstruct his progress—a man who acts and makes money by this simple principle: to capitalize his every resource. Handicapped by ill health—which kept him in a hospital during four years of his boyhood—R. B. Cook, a Chicago man, bridged the gap in his education by day and evening study, which gave him a sound foundation for LaSalle home study business training. Starting as a bookkeeper, in 1919. he en- rolled for LaSalle training in Modem Busi- ness Correspondence and Practice. "Before I was half way thru my training,” writes Mr. Cook, "I was promoted to Collec- tion Manager, with an increase of 60 per cent in salary. Later I became Credit Manager of another conccrn. This move was a very decided promotion. "My next advancement was to the position of Office Manager. In each of these posi- tions I was successful. This fact paved the way to my present position. Two years ago X was offered a post as Assistant Credit Man- ager with my present concern. Within two years I was made General Sales Manager, which position I now hold.” Five years of consistent progress—that is the record of Mr. Cook, who has recently enrolled for LaSalle training in Business Manage- ment. Paragraph by paragraph, line by line. he takes up each assignment, asking himself how he can turn each business principle into profits for his company. A single idea—so he writes—which he got from his very first assignment—resulted in savings of many thousands of dollars for his firm. Send for Salary-Doubling Plan You are eager for success. You wish to enjoy the rewards which come inevitably to tlie man who fits himself for responsibility. But before you can reap those rewards, you must make yourself more profitable to the business which employs you. By no other method can you possibly succeed. Cook’s experience clearly shows the way— a way illuminated by the careers of thou- sands of LaSalle-trained men. During only six months’ time, for example^ as many aa 1,248 LaSalle members reported definite salary-increases totalling $1,399,607, an aver- age increase per man of 89 per cent. The details of the LaSalle salary-ioublint plan will be sent you for the asking. Whether you adopt the plan or not, the basic informa- tion it will place in your hands, without cost, is of very real and definite value. Balance the two minutes that it takes to fill out the coupon against the rewards of a successful career—then clip and mail the coupon NOW. LaSalle Extension University The World'S Largest Business Training Institution ----—— — CLIP AND MAIL— — — — - LaSALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY Dept. 5415-R Chicago I shall be glad to have details of yonr salary-doubling plan, together with complete Information regarding the opportunities in the business field I have checkcd below. Also a copy of Ten Years* Promotion in One,” all without obligation. □Business Management: Train* I j Law: Training for Bar; LL. B.	ManoopmFae- f~lMod«m Busl- ine for Official, Managerial, eJDe«rrefl.	| ^IndustriaI MMSgw^tjFac- LJness Corre-B Sale 9 Manage] Official, ________ ues and Departmental Execu- tive positions. □Modern Salesmanship: Train- ing for position as Sales Execu- tive. Salesman, Sales Coach or Trainer, Sales Promotion Man- ager,Manufacturer’sAgent.So- licitor.andallpositions in retail, wholesale, or specialty selling. J Degree. 1 I Commercial Law: Reading, 0-JReference and Consultation Service for Business Men. pi Traffic Management—Foreign •—•and Domestic: Training' for position rs Railroad 6r Indus- ■—■tory Management: Training for positions in Works Manage- ment. Production Control, Industrial Engineering, etc. □Modern Foremanshfp and Pro- duction Methods: Training for and Practice: Training for posi- tion as Sales or Collection Corre- spondent. Sales Promotion Man- ager, Mail Sales Manager, Secre- tary, etc. trial Traffic Manager, Rate Ex- pert, Freight Solicitor, etc. positions in Shop Management, l—JBusiness English: Training for such as that of Superintendent, *LJBusiness Correspondents and , Kate £*x- General Foreman, Foreman, * Copy Writers. Sub-Foreman, etc. pi Higher Accountancy: Training	‘	cuu-ruiemm., etc. 1—Jfor position as Auditor. Comp-	f| Railway Station Management: r-ipersonnel and Emolovment troller Certified Public Ac-	Managements Training Tn the countant, Cost Accountant.etc.	Accountant, Cashier and Agent,	position of Personnel Manager, I"! Expert Bookkeeping: Training	Division Agent, etc.	Industrial Relations Manager, for posit ion as Head Book keeper.	f-JBankingand Finance: Training Employment Managerand po- P^C.P.A. Coaching for Advanced	L-l for executive positions in Banks	sitions relating to Employee a	and Financial Institutions. •—'Accountants. Service. Copy Writers. □Commercial Spanish: Training for position as Foreign Corre- spondent with Spanish-speaking countries. □Effective Speaking: Training in the art of forceful, effective speech, for Ministers, SaleBmen, Fraternal Leaders, Politicians, Clubmen, etc. NAME----------...---------------------------PRESENT POSITION.... ADDRESS-. Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements 577REGISTERED IN U.S. RATENT OFFICE Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 408 Holliday Building, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at the postoffice at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies, 25 cents. Subscription, $2.50 a year in the United States; $3.00 a year in Canada. The publishers are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts, although every care will be taken of such material while in their possession. English office: G. M. Jeffries Agency, Hopefield House, Hanwell, London, W. 7. The contents of this magazine are fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without permission from the publishers. FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor. Copyright, 1926, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company Contents for May, 1926 Cover Design ________________________________Andrew Bensen “Ptone leaped at Hildreth, striking her with his fist. His hand crooked like a great talon, and Hildreth uttered a gurgling scream” The Ghosts of Steamboat Coulee_________Arthur J. Burks 581 Shivery Tale of Dreadful Happenings in a Rockbound Western Gulch, With the Howling of Bobcats for Chorus The Devil-Ray (Part 1)__________Joel Martin Nichols, Jr. 599 Three-part serial—Purple Beam of Light Shoots From the Clouds, Bringing Death to Whatever it Touches The Dead Hand..........................Seabury Quinn 609 Eery Tale of Jules de Grandin—Bodiless Hand Floats Through the Window and Seizes a Millionaire by the Throat The Silent Trees____________________________Frank Owen 619 Great Was the Beauty of Lun Pei Lo, Dwarfing Even the Beauty of that Magnificent House in the Drab City of Silence (Continued on Next Page) 578 COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN(Continued from Preceding Page) The Man Who Was Saved___________________B. W. Sliney 625 Out of the Depths of the Pacific it Rose—a Vast, Green, Slimy Mon- ster that Dragged Great Ships to Destruction Bat’s Belfry________________________August W. Derleth 631 Gruesome Was the Discovery Sir Harry Barclay Made in the Vaults of LohrviUe Manor, and Fearful Was the Doom that Overtook Him Queen of the Vortex___________________F. Williams Sarles 637 Dr. Chaptel Goes Through the Ray of Light Into the Beyond, to Rescue Paul Duval From Bari and Tasmari Weird Story Reprints No. 11. The Werewolf__________________H. B. Marryat 654 Krantz Hunts the White Wolf and Incurs the Implacable Enmity of the Spirits of the Hartz Mountains Horreur Sympathique________________Charles Baudelaire 664 Verse, Translated for Weird Tales by Clark Ashton Smith Across the Gulf_____________________Henry S. Whitehead 665 Carrington’s Mother Appeared to Him in a Dream—and Then the Very Hand of Death Fell Upon Him The Moon Dance______________________________A. Leslie 671 Verse Vials of Wrath_____________________Edith Lyle Ragsdale 672 Grisly Tale of African Voodoo Rites—an Atrocious Murder—the Frightful Revenge Exacted by a White Missionary The Experiment of Erich Weigert___Sewell Peaslee Wright 678 The Little Scientist Seemed Mild and Inoffensive, but in his Dark Brain a Fiendish Plan was Evolved The Confession of a Madman________________James Cocks 685 A Different Story—the Tale of an Obsession That Took Ten Years Out of a Man’s Life and Shut His Body in an Asylum The Derelict Mine (Part 2)___________Frank A. Mochnant 698 Three-part Mystery Serial About an Abandoned Mine in Australia— a Story which Rises to a Ghastly and Thrilling Climax The Dance of Death_______________________Jean Lahors 713 The poem which is said to have inspired Saint-Saens to compose his “Danse Macabre”—English translation by Edward Baxter Perry The Eyrie____________________________________________ 714 A Chat With the Readers For Advertising Rates in YTKIKD TALES Apply Direct to WEIRD TALES 408 Holliday Building:	Indianapolis, Ind. 579580 WEIRD TALES Special Offer! Are You Willing to Pay a Penny for a Good Story ? IMAGINE paying just a penny for the kind of story that you enjoy! That’s just what we are offering to you. Our May, June and July numbers of 1924 were combined into one big issue and there are fifty distinct fea- tures—Novels, Short Stories and Novelettes—all for 50c. YOU WILL ENJOY OUR ANNIVERSARY NUMBER If your mental appetite craves stories of the supernatural with well-balanced thrills—hair- exercising tales *that stir the sterner emotions—you will be well fed by reading this issue. This monster edition offers a pleasurable excursion from the land of realism. DON’T PASS THIS UP! Your life is not complete until you have read this mammoth Anniversary Number. The stories in this over-sized edition are full of breath-taking adventures, and eery crime—woven in a masterly fashion by the authors. They are extraordinary, unusual, imagina- tive tales of stark terror and shuddering horror. A few of the smashing stories are: THE SUNKEN LAND, by George W. Bayly An eery tale of a forest of great trees alive with hate and armed with giant tentacles. THE PURPLE DEATH, by Edith Lyle Ragsdale In your wildest imaginings you will not guess what killed these men until the author reveals it to you. IN THE WEIRD LIGHT, by Edward Everett Wright and Ralph Howard Wright A fascinating novelette about one who wan- dered through the maelstrom into the secret caverns of earth. TX7'e are filling a great number of orders for this gigantic sized wonder book every day and it won’t be long before we shall be out of copies. Mail your order in to us to day before it is too late. Price 50c. — ——— —USE coupon— — — — — WEIRD TALES 408 Holliday Bldg., Dept. A-19, Indianapolis, Ind. Enclosed find 50c for copy of Anniversary Number. Name---—------------—____________—__ Address________________——__,___ City i	)	__________"Gulping swiftly, swallowing my ter- rible fear, I flung the door wide open and ran out of the cabin toward that eery cry in the darkness.” A HEARTLESS brakeman dis- covered me and kicked me off the train at Palisades. I didn’t care greatly. As well be dropped here in Moses Coulee like a bag of spoiled meal as farther up the line. When a man knows he has but a short time to live, what matters it? Had I not been endowed with a large modicum of my beloved father’s stub- bornness I believe I should, long ere this, have crawled away into some hole, like a mongrel cur, to die. There was no chance to cheat the Grim Reaper. That had been settled long ago, when, without a gas mask, I had gone through a certain little town in Flanders. My lungs were just about done. Don’t think I am making a bid for sympathy. I know a sick man seldom arouses in the breast of strangers any other emotion than disgust. But I am telling this to explain my actions in those things which came later—to alibi myself of the charge of cowardice. After leaving the train at Palisades I looked up and down the coulee. Where to go? I hadn’t the slightest idea. Wenatchee lay far behind me, at the edge of the mighty Columbia River. I had found this thriving lit- tle city unsympathetic and not par- ticularly hospitable. I couldn’t, there- fore, retrace my steps. Besides, I never have liked to go back over lost ground. I saw the train which had dropped me crawl like a snake up the steep incline which led out of the coulee. I hadn’t the strength to fol- low. I knew that I could never make the climb. So, wearily, I trudged out to the road and headed farther into the cou- lee, to come, some hours later, to an- other cul-de-sac. It was another (to me impossible) incline, this time a wagon road. I have since learned that this road leads, via a series of three huge terraces bridged by steep in- clines, out of Moses Coulee. It is called The Three Devils—don’t ask me why, for it was named by the Siwash Indians. 581532 WEIRD TALES At the foot of this road, and some half-mile from where it began to climb, I saw a small farmhouse, from the chimney of which a spiral of blue smoke arose lazily into the air. Here were folks, country folks, upon whose hospitality I had long ago learned to rely. Grimy with the dust of the trail, damp with perspiration, red spots dancing in the air before my eyes be- cause of the unaccustomed exertion to which I had compelled myself, I turned aside and presently knocked at the door of the farmhouse. A kindly housewife answered my knock and bade me enter. I was shortly told to seat myself at the ta- ble to partake of the tasty viands brought forth by this taciturn woman of the coulee. When I had finished eating I arose from my place and was about to ask her what I might do in payment for the meal, when I was seized with a fit of coughing which left me faint and trembling; and I had barely composed myself when the woman’s husband and a half-grown boy entered the house silently and looked at me. “How come a man as sick as you is out on the road afoot like this?” demanded the man. I studied the three carefully be- fore replying. Nothing squeamish about them. Knew something of the rough spots of life, all of them. I knew this at once. So I told them my story, and that I had neither friends nor family, nor abode. While I talked they exchanged glances with one another, and when I had finished the husband looked at me steadily for a long moment. “Is there a chance for you to get well?” he asked finally. “I am afraid not.” I tried to make my voice sound cheerful. “Would you like to find a place where nobody’d bother you ? A place where you could loaf along about as you wished until your time came?” I didn’t exactly like the way he put it; but that was just about all there was left for me, and, to date, even that had been denied me. I nodded in answer to the question. The man strode to the door and pointed. “See there?” he asked. “That’s the road you came here on, against that two hundred-foot cliff. Opposite that cliff, back of my house, is another cliff, thirteen hundred feet high. Matter of fact, my place is almost surrounded by cliffs, don’t need to build fences, except where the coulee opens away toward Columbia River, which is some lot of miles away from here. Cliffs both sides of it, all the way down. No other exit, except there!” As he spoke he swung his extended forearm straight toward the cliff to the north. “See what looks like a great black shadow against the face of the cliff, right where she turns to form the curve of the coulee?” “Yes, I see it.” ‘ ‘ Well, that ain't a shadow. That’s the entrance to another and smaller coulee which opens into this one. It is called Steamboat Coulee, and if you look sharp you can see why.” I studied that black shadow as he pointed, carefully, running my eyes over the face of the cliff. Then I exclaimed suddenly, so unexpectedly did I discover the reason for the name given the coulee. Right at the base of that black shadow was a great pile of stone, its color all but blending with the mother cliff unless one looked closely; and this mass of solid rock, from where we stood in the doorway of the farmhouse, looked like a great steamboat slowly emerging from the cleft in the giant walls! “Good Lord!” I exclaimed; “if I didn’t know better I would swear that was a boat under steam!” “It’s fooled lots of folks,” re- turned the fanner dryly. “Well, thatTHE GHOSTS OF STEAMBOAT COULEE 583 coulee entrance is on my land, so I guess I have a right to make this proposition to you. Back inside that coulee about two miles is a log cabin that could easy be made livable. Just the place for you, and I could send in what little food you would need. It’s kind of cool at night, but in the daytime the sun makes the coulee as hot as an oven, and you could loaf all day in the heat. There are plenty of big rocks there to flop on and— who knows?—maybe you’d even get well!” “And nobody owns the house?” I inquired. “Yes, I own it. I used to live in it myself.” “Why did you move?” I felt as a fellow must feel when he looks a gift horse in the face, but to save me I could not forbear asking the question. The man hesitated for a good min- ute before answering. “Well,” he said finally, “all my land lies out here in Moses Coulee, and when I lived in there I could not keep my eye on it. I have large melon patches down toward Steamboat, and if there isn’t someone here when the Siwashes drift through to their pot- latch on Badger Mountain, outside, the damn Indians would steal all the melons. So we moved out here. ” 'T'he explanation sounded reason- able enough; but it left me un- satisfied. I had been moodily gazing at that black shadow on the cliff which was the entrance to Steamboat Coulee, and while I stared it had come to me that the huge maw looked oddly like a great open mouth that might take one in and leave no trace. There was something menacing about it, dis- tant though it was. I felt that this unexplainable aura would become more depressing as one approached the coulee. I had begun to distrust these people, too. The woman and the son talked too little, even for peo- ple who lived much alone. The sun was westering, deepening the shadow at the mouth of Steam- boat. At the two irregular edges of the shadow there hung a weirdly shimmering blue haze. I blamed morbid fancies to my sick- ness. I began to reason with myself. Here was I, a grown man, looking a gift horse in the mouth, questioning the motives of kindly people who were but giving me a chance to die under cover like a human being—near to, if not among, friends. I swallowed my forebodings and turned to the man. Beyond him, over his shoulder, I looked into the eyes of the woman, .who, arms akimbo, was standing in the half-shadow beyond the door, gravely awaiting my an- swer. Confound it! Why couldn’t she say something? Beside her stood the boy, also noting me gravely. As my eyes went to the boy his tongue crept forth from his mouth slowly and described a circle, moistening his lips. My morbid fancy saw something sinister even in this, for I was minded of a cat that looks expectantly at a saucer of cream. I jerked my head around to meet the eyes of the man. and he, too, was regarding me gravely. “I thank you, sir,” I said, as po- litely as I could; “you are very kind. I accept your offer with great pleas- ure. May I know to whom I am in- debted for this unusually benevolent service ? ’ ’ Again that queer hesitation before the answer. When it came the tones were strangely harsh, almost a rebuke. “What difference does a name make? We don’t go much on last names here. That there is Reuben, my boy, and this is my wife, Hildreth. My own name is Plone. You can tell us what to call you, if you wish; but it don’t make much difference if you don’t care to.” “My name is Harold Skidmore, late of the U. S. Army. Once more allow me to thank you, then I shall go584 WEIRD TALES into my new home before it gets so dark I can’t find it.” “That’s all right. Reuben will go along and show you the place. Hillie, put up a sack of grub for Skidmore. Enough to last him a couple of days. He’ll probably be too sore from his walk to come out for more before that —and we may be too busy to take any in to him.” The woman dropped her arms to her side and moved into the kitchen to do the bidding of Plone. Plone! What an odd name for a man! I studied him as, apparently having forgotten me, he stared moodily down the haze-filled coulee. I tried to see what his eyes were seeking, but all I could tell' was that he watched the road by which I had come to this place—watched it carefully and in silence, as though he expected other visitors to come around the bend which leads to the Three Devils. He did not turn back to me again; and when, ten minutes or so later, Reuben touched my arm and started off in the direction of Steamboat, Plone was still staring down the road. I looked back after we had left the house well behind, and he was watch- ing me now, while his. taciturn wife stood motionless beside him, with her arms akimbo. Looking at the two made me feel strangely uncomfort- able again, so I turned back and tried to engage Reuben in conversation. As soon as I spoke he quickened his stride so that it took all of my breath to keep pace with him. But I had a chance to study the territory over which we traveled. Back in my mind I remembered Plone’s remark about his melon patches, and looked about for sight of them. We were half way to the Steamboat Coulee entrance, yet I hadn’t seen a melon patch or any- thing that remotely resembled one. Though I knew absolutely nothing about farming, I would have sworn that this ground hadn’t been culti- vated for many years. It had been plowed once upon a time, but the plowing had been almost obliterated by scattered growths of green sage- brush which had pushed through and begun to thrive, while in the open we struggled through regular matted growths of wild hollyhocks, heavy with their fiery blooms. Plone’s farm was nothing but a desert on the coulee floor. But we were approaching Steam- boat Coulee entrance, and the nearer we strode the less I liked the bargain I had made, for the entrance looked more like a huge mouth than ever. But those red spots were dancing be- fore my eyes again and may have helped me to imagine things. When we reached the entrance its mouthlike appearance was not so pro- nounced, and the rock which had looked like a steamboat did not re- semble a steamboat at all. The floor of this coulee was a dry stream-bed which, when the spring freshets came, must have been a roaring torrent. Before entering the coulee behind Reuben I looked back at the house of Plone, and shouted in amaze- ment. “Reuben! Where is the house? I can see all of that end of the coulee, and your house is not in sight!” “We come over a rise, a high one, that’s all,” he replied carelessly; “if we go back a piece we can see the house. Only we ain’t got time. I want to show you the cabin and get back before dark. This coulee ain’t nice to get caught in after dark.” “It isn’t?” I questioned. “Why not?” But Reuben had begun the entrance to Steamboat Coulee and did not an- swer. I was very hesitant about fol- lowing him now, for I knew that he had lied to me. We hadn’t come over any rise, and I should have been able to see that farmhouse! What had happened to my eyes? Were they,THE GHOSTS OF STEAMBOAT COULEE 585 like my lungs, failing me ? I stopped dead-still, there in the bottom of that dry stream-bed. Reuben stopped, ahead of me, and looked silently back. He smiled at me insolently, a sort of challenging smile. Just stood there smiling. What else could I do? I strode on after Reuben. I liked this coulee less and less as we went deeper into it. Walls rose straight on either hand, and they were so close that they seemed to be pressing over upon me. The stream- bed narrowed and deepened. On its banks grew thickets of wild willow, interspersed with clumps of squaw- berry bushes laden with pink fruit. Behind these thickets arose the talus slope of shell-rock. I studied the slopes for signs of pathways which might lead out of this coulee in case a heavy rain should fill the stream-bed and cut off my re- treat by the usual way, but saw none. I saw instead something that filled me with a sudden feeling of dread, causing a sharp constriction of my throat. It was just a mottled mass on a large rock; but as I looked at it the mass moved, untwisted itself, and a huge snake glided out of sight in the rocks. “Reuben,” I called, “are there many snakes in this coulee ? ’ ’ “Thousands!” he replied without looking back. “Rattlers, blue racers and bull whips—but mostly rattlers. Keep your shanty closed at night and stay in the stream-bed in the daytime and they won’t be any danger to you!” Well, I was terribly tired, else I would have turned around and quit- ted this coulee—yes, though I fell dead from exhaustion ten minutes later. As it was I followed Reuben, who turned aside finally and climbed out of the dry stream. I followed him and stood upon a trail which led down a gloomy aisle into a thicket of willows. Heavy shadows hung in this woody aisle, but through these I could make out the outline of a squatty log cabin. Ten minutes later I had a fire go- ing in the cracked stove which the house boasted, and its light was driv- ing away the shadows in the comers. There was one chair in the house, and a rough bed against the wall. The board floor was well laid—no cracks through which venturesome rattlers might smell me out. I made sure of this before I would let Reuben get away, and that the door could be closed and bolted. “Well,” said Reuben, who had stood by while I put the place rap- idly to rights,' “you’ll be all right now. Snug as a bug in a rug—if you ain’t afraid of ghosts!” His hand had dropped to the door- knob as he began to talk, and when he had uttered this last sinister sen- tence he opened the door and slipped out before I could stop him. Those last six words had sent a chill through my whole body. In a frenzy of fear which I could not explain, I rushed to the door and looked out, intending to call Reuben back. I swear he hadn’t had time to reach that stream-bed and drop into it out of sight; but when I looked out he was nowhere to be seen, and when I shouted his name until the echoes rang to right and left through the coulee, there was no answer! He must have fairly flown out of that thicket! I	closed the door and barred it, placed the chair-back under the door- knob, and sat down upon the edge of the bed, gazing into the fire. What sort of place had I wandered into? For a time the rustling of wind through the willows outside the log cabin was my only answer. Then a gritty grating sound beneath the floor, slow and intermittent, told me that a huge snake, sluggish with the coolncss of the evening, was crawling there and was at that moment scrap-586 WEIRD TALES ing alongside one of the timbers which supported the floor. I was safe from these, thank God! The feeling of security which now descended upon me, together with the cheery roaring of the fire in the stove, almost lulled me to sleep as I sat. My eyes were closing wearily and my head was sinking upon my breast. . .. A cry that the wildest imagination would never have expected to hear in this place, came suddenly from some- where in the darkness outside. It was a cry as of a little baby that awakes in the night and begs plain- tively to be fed. And it came from somewhere out there in the shell-rock of the talus slopes. 2 Merciful heaven! How did it happen that a wee small child such as I guessed this to be had wan- dered out into the darkness of the coulee? Whence had it come? Were there other inhabitants in Steamboat? But Plone had told me that there were not. Then how explain that eery cry outside ? A possible explan- ation, inspired by frayed nerves, came to me, and froze the marrow in my bones before I could reason myself out of it. “If you ain’t afraid of ghosts!” What had Reuben of the unknown surname meant by this remark? And by what means had he so swiftly dis- appeared after he had quitted my new home? Just as I asked myself the question, that wailing cry came again, from about the same place, as near as I could judge, on the talus slope in rear of my cabin. Unmistakably the cry of a lost baby, demanding by every means of expression in its power, the attention of its mother. Out there alone and frightened in the darkness, in the heart of Steamboat Coulee, which Reuben had told me was in- fested by great numbers of snakes, at least one kind of which was venomous enough to slay. Dread tugged at my throat. My tongue became dry in my mouth, cleaving to the palate. I knew before I opened the door that the coulee was now as dark as Erebus, and that mov- ing about would be like groping in some gigantic pocket, But there was a feeble child out there on the talus slope, lost in the darkness, wailing for its mother. And I prided myself upon being at least the semblance of a man. Mentally girding myself, I strode to the door and flung it open. A mi- asmatic mist came in immediately, cold as the breath from a sunless marsh, chilling me anew. Instinctive- ly, I closed the door as though to shut- out some loathsome presence—I knew not what. The heat of the fire ab- sorbed the wisps of vapor that had entered. I leaned against the door, panting with a nameless terror, when, from the talus slope outside, plain through the darkness came again that eery wailing. Gulping swiftly, swallowing my terrible fear, I closed my eyes and flung the door wide open. Nor did I close it until I stood outside and opened my eyes against an opaque blanket of darkness. When Plone had told me the coulee was cold after nightfall, he had not exaggerated. It was as cold as the inside of a tomb. The crying of the babe came again, from directly behind my cabin. The cliff bulked large there, while above its rim, high up, I made out the soft twinkling of a pale star or two. Before my courage should fail me and send me back into the cheery cabin, thrice cheery now that I was outside it, I ran swiftly around the cabin, nor stopped until I had begun to clamber up the talus slope, guided by my memory of whence that wailing cry had come. The shell-rock shifted beneath me, and I could hear the shale go clattering down among the brushTHE GHOSTS OP STEAMBOAT COULEE	587 about the bases of the willows below. I kept on climbing. Once I almost fell when I stepped upon something round, which writhed beneath my foot, causing me to jump straight into the air with a half-sup- pressed cry of fear. I was glad now that the coulee was cold after night- fall, else the snake, were it by chance a rattler, could have struck me a death-blow. The cold, however, made the vile creature sluggish. '1X7hen I thought I had climbed far V	» enough I bent over and tried to pierce the heavy gloom, searching the talus intently for a glimpse of white —white which should discover to me the clothing of the baby which I sought. Failing in this, I remained quiet, waiting for the cry to come again. I waited amid a silence that could almost be felt, a silence lasting so long that I began to dread a repeti- tion of that cry. What if there were no baby—flesh and blood, that is? Reuben had spoken of ghosts. Utter nonsense! No grown man believes in ghosts! And if I didn’t find the child before long the little tot might die of the cold. Where had the child gone? Why this eery silence? Why didn’t the child cry again? It was almost as though it had found that which it sought, there in the darkness. That cry had spoken eloquently of a desire for sustenance. If the child did not cry, what was I to believe? Who, or what, was suckling the baby out on the cold talus slope? I became as a man turned to stone when the eery cry came again. It was not a baby’s whimper, starting low and increasing in volume; it was a full-grown wail as it issued from the unseen mouth. And it came from at least a hundred feet higher up on the talus! I, a grown man, had stumbled heavily in the scramble to reach this height; yet a baby so small that it wailed for its milk had crept a hun- dred feet farther up the slope! It was beyond all reason; weird beyond the wildest imagination. But un- doubtedly* the wailing of a babe. I did not believe in ghosts. I stud- ied the spot whence the wail issued, but could see no blotch of white. Only two lambent dots, set close together, glowing like resting fireflies among the shale. I saw them for but a sec- ond only. Undoubtedly mating fire- flies, and they had flown. I began to climb once more, mov- ing steadily toward the spot where I had heard the cry. I stopped again when the shell-rock above me began to flow downward as though something, or somebody, had started it moving. What, in God’s name, was up there at the base of the cliff? Slowly, my heart in my mouth, I climbed on. There was a rush, as of an unseen body, along the face of the talus. I could hear the contact of light feet on the shale; but the points of contact were unbelievably far apart. No baby in the world could have stepped so far—or jumped. Of course the cry might have come from a half-witted grown person; but I did not believe it. The cry again, sharp and clear; but at least two hundred yards up the coulee from where I stood, and on about a level with me. Should I fol- low or not? Did some nocturnal ani- mal carry the babe in its teeth? It might be; I had heard of such things, and had read the myth of Romulus and Remus. Distorted fantasies? Per- haps; but show me a man who can think coolly while standing on the talus slopes of Steamboat after dark, and I will show you a man without nerves—and without a soul. Once more I took up the chase. I had almost reached the spot whence the cry had come last, when I saw again those twin balls of lambent flame. They seemed to blink at me— off and on, off and on.588 WEIRD TALES I bent over to pick up a bit of shale to hurl at the dots, when, almost in my ears, that cry came once more; but this time the cry ended in a spit- ting snarl as of a tom-cat when pos- session of food is disputed! With all my might I hurled the bit of shale I had lifted, straight at those dots of flame. At the same time I gave utterance to a yell that set the echoes rolling the length and breadth of the coulee. The echoes had not died away when the coulee was filled until it rang with that eery wailing— as though a hundred babies cried for mothers who did not come! Then—great God!—I knew! Bobcats! The coulee was alive with them! I was alone on the talus, two hundred yards from the safe haven of my cabin, and though I knew that one alone would not attack a man in the open, I had never heard whether they hunted in groups. For all I knew they might. At imminent risk of breaking my neck, I hurled myself down the slope and into the thicket of willows at the base. Through these and into the dry stream-bed I blun- dered, still running. I kept this mad pace until I had reached the approxi- mate point where the trail led to my cabin, climbed the bank of the dry stream and sought for the aisle through the willows. Though I searched carefully for a hundred yards on each hand I could not find the path. And I feared to enter the willow thicket and beat about. The ominous wailing had stopped suddenly, as though at a sig- nal, and I believed that the bobcats had taken to the trees at the foot of the talus. I studied the dark shadows for dots of flame in pairs, but could see none. I knew from reading about them that bobcats have been known to drop on solitary travelers from the limbs of trees. Their sudden silence was weighted with ponderous menace. I was afraid—afraid! Scared as I had never been in my life before— and I had gone through a certain town in Flanders without a gas mask. Why the sudden, eery silence? I would have welcomed that vast chorus of wailing, had it begun again. But it did not. When I crept back to the bank of the stream-bed a pale moon had come up, partly dispelling the shadows in Steamboat Coulee. The sand in the stream-bed glistened frostily in the moonlight, making me think of the blinking eyes of a multitude of toads. Where, in Steamboat, was the cabin with its cheery fire? I had closed the door to keep my courage from failing me, and now there was no light to guide me. It is hell to be alone in such a place, miles from the nearest other human being. Isat down on the high bank, half sidewise so that I could watch the shadows among the willows, and tried mentally to retrace my steps, hoping that I could reason out the exact loca- tion of the cabin in the thicket. Sitting as I was, I could see for a hundred yards or so down the stream- bed. I studied its almost straight course for a moment or two, for no reason that I can assign. I saw a black shadow dart across the open space, swift as a breath of wind, and disappear in the thicket on the oppo- site side. It was larger than a eat, smaller than the average dog. A bob- cat had changed his base hurriedly, and in silence. Silence! That was the thing that was now weighing upon me, more even than thought of my failure to locate the little cabin. Why had the cats stopped their wailing so sudden- ly, as though they waited for some- thing? This thought deepened the feeling of dread that was upon me. If the cats were waiting, for what were they waiting? Then I breathed a sigh of relief. For, coming around a bend in theTHE GHOSTS OF STEAMBOAT COULEE 589 stream-bed, there strode swiftly to- ward me the figure of a man. He was a big man who looked straight before him. He walked as a country man walks when he hurries home to a late supper. Then there were other peo- ple in this coulee, after all! Plone, like Reuben, had lied. But what puzzled me about this newcomer was his style of dress. He was garbed after the manner of the first pioneers who had come into this country from the East, From his high-topped boots, into which his trousers were tucked loosely, to his broad-brimmed hat, he was dressed after the manner of those people who had vanished from this country more than a decade before my time. An old prospector evidently, who had clung to the habiliments of his younger days. But he did not walk like an old man; rather he strode, straight-limbed and erect, like a man in his early thirties. There was a homely touch about him, though, pic- turesque as he was; for he smoked a corn-cob pipe, from the bowl of which a spiral of blue smoke eddied forth into the chill night air. I knew from this that, did I call to him, his greeting in return would be bluffly friendly. I waited for him to come closer, hoping that he would notice me first. As he approached I noticed with a start that two huge revolvers, the holsters tied back, swung low upon his hips. People nowadays did not carry firearms openly. In an instant I had decided to let this stranger pass, even though I spent the remainder of the night on the bank of the dry stream. Sight of those savage weap- ons had filled me with a new and dif- ferent kind of dread. Then I started as another figure, also of a man, came around the self- same bend of the watercourse, for there was something oddly familiar about that other figure. He moved swiftly, his body almost bent double as he hurried forward. As he came around the bend and saw the first man who had come into my range of vision, he bent lower still. As he did so the moonlight glowed dully on something that he carried in the crook of his arm. I knew instant- ly that what he carried was a rifle. Once more that chill along my spine, for there was no mistaking his atti- tude. He was stalking the first man, fur- tively, and there was murder in his heart! It did not take his next action to prove this to me. I knew it, even as the second man knelt swiftly in the sand of the watercourse and flung the rifle to his shoulder, its muzzle point- ing at the man approaching me. As the kneeling man aimed the deadly weapon, his head was drawn baek and the moonlight shone for a moment on his face. I cried out, loud- ly and in terrible fear, as much to warn the unconscious man as in sur- prize at my discovery. For the man with the rifle was my Moses Coulee benefactor—Plone. Again I cried out, this time with all the power of my shattered lungs. And the man ahead, all unconscious of the impending death at his heels, paid me absolutely no attention. He was no more than twenty yards from me when I shouted, yet he did not turn his head. For all the attention he paid me I might as well have re- mained silent. It was as though he were stone-deaf. As this thought came to me the first man raised his head and looked di- rectly into my eyes, and through and beyond me as though I had not been there. I saw his eyes plainly, and in them was no sign that he noted my presence. I shouted again, waving my arms wildly. Perhaps he could not see me because of the shadows at my back. Still he did not see me. I whirled to the kneeling man. just as a sheet of590 WEIRD TALES yellow flame leaped from the muzzle of his rifle. The first man was right in front of me when the bullet struck him. He stopped, dead in his tracks. I guessed that the bullet had struck him at the base of the skull. Even so, he whirled swiftly, and both his guns were out. But he could not raise them to fire. He slumped for- ward limply, and sprawled in the sand. I had not heard the report of the rifle, for simultaneously with that spurt of flame the bobcats had begun their wailing once more, drowning out the sound. I, unable to prevent it or give a warning, had seen a cold-blooded murder enacted. There before me in the sand was the proof of it. I half arose, intending to run to the fallen man to see if he still lived. But when I saw Plone arise leisurely from his knees and come forward I drew back in the shadow again. Plone was a killer, and I had seen him make his kill. If he knew that his evil deed had been witnessed he would have no compunction about another killing, and even to me, whose life was des- tined to be short, life was still sweet. I drew back and waited. Plone stopped above the fallen man and looked down. Then he opened the breech of his rifle and coolly blew the smoke from the bore. He kicked the fallen man with the toe of his boot, and I saw his lips move as though he whispered something. He took the two pistols, shrugged his shoulders and turned away, walking swiftly back the way he had come, carrying his rifle in the crook of his arm. The murdered men he left to the creatures of the night. Well, the man was dead, no doubt about that. But the sand was deep and I could bury him. I watched until Plone reached the turn in the watercourse, where he seemed to van- ish as though the earth had opened and swallowed him. Then I dropped into the stream-bed and strode to the fallen man, stooped over him to see that he no longer breathed—and drew back with a cry of horror. For what looked up at me was not the face of a man newly slain; but the sightless eyes of a grin- ning, aged skull. As i stared in unbelief, the per- spiration starting from every pore, the skull seemed to fade slowly away before my eyes, and in a matter of seconds there was nothing before, me but the shifting sand, upon which there was not even a depression where a body had fallen! Add to this uncanny happening the myriad-tongued caterwauling of the bobcats on the talus—crying as of babies lost in the night — and yon can faintly guess at the state of my nerves. But I could not believe my eyes. Something was wrong, said rea- son. So I stooped again and ran my hand hurriedly over the sand where I had seen the body. Surely I could not have been mistaken! Frantically, unable to believe it all hallucination, I ran my fingers deep into the sand. At once they brought up against something solid which, for many minutes, I found myself with- out the courage to uncover. I con- quered this fear, finally, and began to dig. Soon there lay before me, in a shal- low grave, a fleshless skeleton. This in itself did not bother me, for I have seen many such, and in Flanders fields I have slept peacefully with dead buddies all around me. But, while digging near the skull of my find, I had unearthed something else which had been fairly well preserved in the dry sand. It was a rotting corn-cob pipe, with black, corroded bowl! With a great cry, whose echoes could be heard in the coulee even through the wailing of the bobcats, I sprang to my feet and ran, stagger-THE GHOSTS OF STE4J1BOAT COULEE	591 ing, down the watercourse, in the di- rection I had come before darkness with Reuben. Long before I had reached it my poor body failed me and I fell to the sandy floor, coughing my lungs away, while scarlet stains wetted the Sand near my mouth. Then blackness descended. 3 TX7’hen I awoke in the sand the sun *	* was shining. Some sixth sense told me to remain motionless, warning me that all was not well. Without moving my head I rolled my eyes un- til I could see ahead in the direction I had fallen. In falling my right hand had been flung out full length, fingers extended. Imagine my fear and horror when I saw, coiled up within six inches of my hand, a huge rattlesnake! His head was poised above the coil, while just behind it, against the other are of the vicious circle, the tip of the creature’s tail, adorned with an inch or more of rattles, hummed its fear- ful warning. With all my power I sprang back and upward. At the same time the bullet head, unbelievably swift, flashed toward my hand and—thank God!—safely beneath it! Stretched helplessly now to its full length, the creature’s mouth, with its forked tongue, had stopped within a scant two inches of where my face had been. Before the rattler could return and coil again I had stepped upon the bul- let head, grinding it deep into the sand, and when the tail whipped frantically against my leg I seized it and hurled the reptile with all my might, out of the stream-bed into the shell-rock. Even as I did it I won- dered where I had found the courage; and what had kept me from moving while unconscious. Had I moved I might never again have awakened. The sun was directly overhead. I had lost my sense of direction during last night’s rambles among the shale, and could not figure out which way I should' go to win free of this coulee. Then I remembered the direction Plone had taken, and set out to trace his footsteps, but there were none! I could not understand it, for I had seen Plone quite plainly in the moon- light. I passed around the bend where he had disappeared and continued on. When, ten minutes later, I came to the shallow grave, with its aged skele- ton, which had so taken away my nerve last night, I did not know where I was. I had been sure that this grave was in the opposite direction. But Plone must have known the way out— I knew that he lived on the floor of Moses Coulee, into which Steamboat debouched. I kept on moving. If, as I now believed, I had been in error in the location of the grave, then my log cabin lay ahead of me. I climbed the bank of the dry stream and continued my hike thereon, keeping well away from the thickets for fear of snakes. With the sun high in the heavens, turning the coulee into a furnace, the snakes came out by hundreds to bask upon the shale, and as I passed, they coiled and warned me away with myriad warnings. I did not trespass upon their holdings. After I had plodded along for fully an hour I knew that I must be quite close to the rock which gives Steam- boat its name; but still I had not found the pathway leading to the log cabin. Evidently I had already passed it. Even as I had this thought I came upon a path leading into the shadows of the willow thicket—a path that seemed familiar, even though, from the stream-bed, I could not see the cabin. With a sigh, and much sur- prized that I had, last night, ti*av- eled so far, I turned into this path and increased my pace.592 WEIRD TALES I came shortly to pause, chilled even though the sun was shining. For at the end of the mossy trail there was no cabin; but a cleared plot of ground adorned with aged mounds and rough-hewn crosses! Rocks were scattered profusely over the mounds and, I guessed, had been placed to foil the creatures which otherwise would have despoiled the bodies rest- ing there. There was a great over- hang of the cliff wall, bulging out over the little graveyard, and from the overhang came a steady drip of moisture. Slimy water lay motionless in a pool in the center of the plot. Mossy green were the stones. Mud- puppies scurried into the deeps as I stopped and stared, turning the water to a pool of slime. How uneasy I felt in this place! Why had such a remote location been chosen as a cemetery, hidden away here from the brightness of God’s sunshine? Nothing but shadow-filled silence, except for the dripping of the water from the overhang. I hurried back to the stream-bed and continued on my way. Another hour passed, during which, my body racked with con- tinual coughing, I suffered the tor- ments of the damned. Those red dots were dancing before my eyes again, and nothing looked natural to me. The sunning snakes in the shale seemed to waver grotesquely—twist- ing, writhing, coiling. Here, on the cliff, was a row of ponderous pali- sades; but they seemed to be ever buckling and bending, as though shaken by an earthquake. Then, far ahead, I saw the rock at the entrance. With a sob of joy I began to run—only to stop when I reached the pile, with a cry of hope- lessness and despair. For the rock, unscalable even to one who possessed the strength to climb, now filled the coulee from lip to lip. while on my side of the pile there nestled a little lake, clear and pellucid, into which I could look, straight down, for what I guessed must have been all of twen- ty feet! Some great shifting of the walls, during the night, had blocked the en- trance, entombing me in Steamboat Coulee with all its nameless horrors! There was no one to see me, so I flung myself down at the edge of the pool and wept weakly, bemoaning my terrible fate. After a time I regained control of my frayed nerves, arose to my knees and bathed my throbbing temples. Sometime, somehow, I reasoned, Plone would find a way to reach me. There was nothing to do now but return and search again for my cabin. Plone had hinted that he would be in after a day or two with supplies for me if. I did not come out for them—and I felt that he would know how to get in by some other way. He had lived in the coulee and should know his way about. Wearily I began the return march. It never occurred to me to note that the sun went ahead of me on its jour- ney into the west. I can only blame my physical condition for not noting this. Had I done so I would have real- ized at once that I had gone in the wrong direction in the first place, and that straight ahead of me lay freedom. I had gone to the head of the coulee, straight in from Steamboat Rock, and when I had found the coulee blocked at the end had thought the entrance closed against me. But I did not note the sun. 1 strode wearily on, and found the cabin with ridiculous ease. Inside, calmly awaiting my coming, sat Hildreth, the wife of Plone! She said nothing when I opened the door, just sat on the only chair in the house and looked at me. I spoke to her, thanking her for the sack of provi- sions which I saw on the rickety shelf on the wall beyond the door. Still sheTHE GHOSTS OF STEAMBOAT COULEE 593 said nothing. Just stared at me, un- blinking. I asked her about leaving this place and she shook her head, as though she did not catch my meaning. “For God’s sake, Hildreth!” I cried; “can’t you speak?” For it had come to me that I had never heard her speak. When I had first entered the farmhouse she had placed a meal for me, and had bidden me eat of it. But I remembered now that she had done so by gestures with her hands. In answer now to my question she opened her mouth and pointed into it with her forefinger. Hildreth, the wife of Plone, had no tongue! Did you ever hear a tongueless per- son try to speak ? It is terrible. For after this all-meaning gesture there came a raucous croak from the mouth of Hildreth—wordless, gurgling, alto- gether meaningless. I understood no word; but the eyes of the woman, strangely glowing now, were eloquent. She was trying to warn me of something, and stamped her foot impatiently when I did not understand. I saw her foot move as she stamped it—but failed to notice at the time that the contact of her foot with the board floor made no noise! Later I remembered it. When I shook my head she arose from her chair and strode to the door, flinging it wide. Then she pointed up the coulee in the direction I had just come. Again that raucous croak, still meaningless. Once more I shook my head. What was there, up that coulee, that menaced me ? I was filled with dread of the un- known, wished with all my soul that I could understand what this woman was trying to say to me. What was there up the coulee, about which she strove to tell me? All I could think of was a hidden graveyard, dotted with rotting crosses and, in the center of the plot, a pool in which slimy mud-puppies played, hidden forever from the light of the sun. I shivered as the picture came back to me. Then I stepped back, to search about the place for paper, so that, with the aid of a pencil which I pos- sessed, she might write what she had to tell me. I found it and turned back to the woman, who had watched me gravely while I searched. Noting the paper she shook her head, telling me mutely that she could not write. Then Plone, his face as dark as a thundercloud, stood in the doorway! To me he paid no attention. His eyes, glowering below heavy brows, burned as he stared at the woman. In her eyes I could read fright unutter- able. She gave one frightened croak and turned to flee. But she could not go far, for she fled toward the bare wall opposite the open door. Plone leaped after her, while I jumped forward to fling him aside ere he could lay hands upon the woman. Imagine my horror when Hildreth touched the wall — and vanished through it as though there had been no wall! I caught a glimpse of the wall, not a breach in it, before Plone, too, plunged through and was gone! To me now came an inkling of what it all meant. Now I understood, or thought I did, the mystery of the dis- appearing farmhouse. Was this land into which I had stumbled a land of wraiths and shadows ? A land of rest- less dead people? Why? Trembling in every fiber of my be- ing I strode to the wall where Plone and his wife had gone through, and ran my hand over the rough walls. They were as solid, almost, as the day the cabin had been built. To me this was a great relief. I should not have been surprized had the walls also proved to be things of shadow-sub- stance, letting me through to stand amazed upon the shell-rock behind the cabin.594 WEIRD TALES Here was one place in the coulee of shadows that was real. I went to the door, locked and barred it. Then I returned and lighted the stove to disperse the un- natural chill that hovered in the room. After this I searched out my food and wolfed some of it ravenously. An- other thought came to me: if Reuben, Plone and Hildreth were nothing but shadows, where had I procured this food, which was real enough and well cooked? Somewhere in my adven- tures since being kicked off the train at Palisades there was a great gap, bridged only by fantasies and hallu- cinations. What had happened, real- ly, in that blank space ? Having eaten, I stepped to the door and looked out. If I again went forth into the strcam-bed in an attempt to get out of the coulee, I should never reach it before dark. What would it mean to my tired reason to be caught in the open, in the midst of this cou- lee, for another terrible night? I could not do it. Again I secured the door. Nothing real could get in to bother me—and even now I reasoned myself out of positive belief in ghosts. The hallu- cinations which had so terrified me had undoubtedly been born of my sickness. Convinced of this at last I lay down on the rough cot and went to sleep. '\X7’hen I awoke suddenly in the ’ ’ night, the fire had burned very low and a heavy chill possessed the cabin. I had a feeling that I was not the only occupant of my abode; but, striving to pierce the gloom in the cabin’s comers, I could see nothing. But stay! What was that? In the farthest comer I saw the pale, ghostly lineaments of a woman! Just the face, shimmering there in the gloom, oddly, but neither body nor substance. The face of Hildreth, wife of Plone! Then her hands, no arms visible, came up before her face and began to gesture. Her mouth opened and I imagined I again heard that raucous croak of the tongueless. Again her eyes were eloquent, mutely giving a warning which I could not under- stand. Fear seizing me in its terrible grip, I leaped from my bed and threw wood on the fire, hoping to dispel this silent shadow. When the light flared up the head shimmered swiftly and began to fade away; but not before I saw a pair of hands come forth from no- where and fasten themselves below that head, about where the neck should have been. Hands that were gnarled and calloused from toil on an unproductive farm — the work-torn hands of the killer, Plone! Then the weird picture vanished and I was alone with my fantasies. I had scarcely returned to my seat on the bed, sitting well back against the wall so that my back was against something solid, when the wailing of lost babies broke out again on the talus slopes outside. I had expected this to happen after nightfall; but the reality left me weak and shivering, even though I knew that the animals that uttered the mournful wails were flesh and blood. The wailing of bobcats, no matter how often it is heard, always brings a chill that is hard to reason away. Nature certain- ly prepared weird natural protec- tions for some of her creatures! Then the wailing stopped suddenly —short off. And the silence was more nerve-devastating than the eery wail- ing. Nothing for many minutes. Then the rattle of sliding talus, as the shale glided into the underbrush. This stopped, and a terrible silence pressed down upon me. Then my cabin shook with the force of the wind that suddenly swooped through the coulee. It rattled through the eaves, shook the door on its hinges, while the patter-patter on the roof told me of showers of sand which theTHE GHOSTS OP STEAMBOAT COULEE 595 wind had scooped up from the bed of the dry stream. The wind was ter- rific, I thought; but ever it increased in power and violence. The patter on the roof and the rat- tle in the eaves began to take on a new significance; for the patter sounded like the scamper of baby feet above my head, while the wailing about the eaves sounded like the screaming of people who are tongue- less. The door bellied inward against the chair-back as though many hands were pressed against it from outside, seeking entrance. Yet I knew that there was no one outside. Then, faint and feeble through the roaring of the wind, I caught that eery cry in the night. It was the de- spairing voice of a woman, and she was calling aloud, hopelessly, for help! I shivered and tried not to hear. But the cry came again, nearer now, as though the woman moved to- ward me on leaden feet. In God’s name! what woman could be abroad in such a night? The cry again. No man, fear the shadows as he might, could ignore that pitiful plea and call himself a man again. I gritted my teeth and ran to the door, flinging it open. A veritable sea of flying sand swept past me; but through the increased roar came plainly that cry for help. I left the door open this time, so that the light would stream out and guide mv re- turn. On the bank of the dry stream I stopped. I heard the slamming of a door be- hind me. I turned back. The door opened a bit and a face looked out— the leering, now malevolent, face of Reuben, the son of Plone! As I saw him he jerked back, closing the door again, shutting out the light. Even as the wailing of the bobcats had stopped, so, now, stopped the wind. And before and below me I saw Hildreth, wife of Plone, fighting for her very life with her brutal hus- band ! She was gx’oveling on her knees at his feet—his hands were about her throat. As she begged for mercy I could understand her words. She had a tongue, after all! Then Plone, holding Hildreth with his left hand, raised his right and, crooking it like a fearful talon, poised it above the face of Hildreth. He did a ghastly, unbelievable thing. I can not tell it. But when his hand came away her words were meaningless, gurgling — the raucous croaking of a person who has no tongue. Forgetting what I had before ex- perienced, frenzied with horror at what Plone had done, I leaped into the dry stream and ran forward—to bring up short in the middle of the sandy open space, staring aghast. For I was all alone—no Hildreth, the tongueless—no Plone with the cal- loused hands! Once more a hallu- cination had betrayed me. Screaming in fear I sprang out of the stream-bed and rushed to the cabin, crashing against the door in my frenzy, with all my weight. The door did not open. Rather it bellied inward, slightly, as though someone held against my efforts in- side! Who, or what, was inside? Too late, now, I guessed what the wraith of Hildreth had tried to tell me. Going back in my memory I watched her lips move again. And as they moved I read the words she would have uttered. As plain as though she had spoken I now under- stood the warning: “As you value the reason God has given you—do not leave, this cabin to- night!” I understood now, as, panting with my exertions, I pressed my weight against the door that would not give —except slightly. For from inside the log cabin, faint as the sighing of a spring zephyr,596 WEIRD TALES came the faintest sound as of someone breathing! 4 What was coming to me out of the night? That against which the wraith of Hildreth had tried to warn me? My eyes must have been very wide, had there been anyone to see. My body chilled with fear — afraid to force in the door and see what it was inside that breathed expectantly—afraid to face about and keep my eyes upon the stream-bed where I had seen Hil- dreth battle for her life against her spouse. Choosing between the two fears as a desperate person chooses between two evils, I turned with my back against the jamb of the door and stared toward the dry stream. At once there came to me the odor of burning tobacco! Someone was near me, someone who smoked; but who it was there was no way for me to learn. The door behind me shook slightly, so I darted to the comer of the cabin where I could see both the dry stream and the door. Expectant silence for many min- utes, during which I would have wel- comed the eery wailing of the bobcats on the shell-rock. Then the door of my cabin opened and out walked a stranger! He was dressed very much as had been the man whom I had seen fall before the murderous rifle of Plone last night. But he was older, stooped slightly un- der the weight of years. I heard him sigh softly, as a man sighs whose stomach *is comfortably filled with food. He walked toward the stream-bed, following the path through the thicket. He had almost reached the lip of the dry stream when another figure followed him from the cabin—and that figure was Reuben, the malevo- lent son of Plone! Reuben, as his father had stalked that other unfor- tunate, stalked the aged man who pre- ceded him. More pungent now the odor of burning tobacco, though the stooped stranger was not smoking. The latter passed a clump of service berry bushes and paused on the lip of the dry stream. He had scarcely halted when, out of the clump of serv- ice berries, stepped Plone himself, moving stealthily, like a cat that stalks a helpless, unsuspecting bird! The older man half turned as though he heard some slight sound, when Plone, with the silent fury of the bobcat making a kill, leaped bod- ily upon his back and bore him to the ground, where the two of them, fighting and clawing, rolled into the sand below. Plone was smoking an evil-smelling pipe. Reuben began to run when his father closed with the stranger, and I was right at his heels when he leaped over the edge to stop beside the silent combatants. Then he bent to assist his father. The end was speedy. For what chance has an aged man, taken by surprize, against two determined kill- ers ? They slew him there in the sand, while I, my limbs inert because of my fright, looked on, horror holding me mute when I would have screamed aloud. Their bloody purpose accomplished, Reuben and Plone methodically be- gan to turn the pockets of the dead man inside out. The contents of these they divided between themselves. This finished, in silence, the murder- ers, taking each an arm of the dead man, began to drag the body up the sandy stretch toward the end of the coulee—the closed end. Still I stood, as one transfixed. Then I became conscious of a low, heart-breaking sobbing at my side. Turning, I saw the figure of Hildreth standing there, tragedy easily read- able in her eyes, wringing her handsTHE GHOSTS OF STEAMBOAT COULEE	597 as her eyes followed the figures of her husband and her son. Then she extended her hands in a pleading ges- ture, calling to the two who dragged the body. Then she began to follow them along the stream-bed, dodging from thicket to thicket on the bank as though she screened her movements from Plone and Reuben. I watched her until her wraithlike form blended with the shadows in the thickets and disappeared from view. As I watched her go, and saw the figures of Plone and Reuben passing around a sharp bend in the dry stream, there came back to my mem- ory a mental picture of a graveyard located in perpetual shadow, adorned with rotting crosses upon which no names were written. Slimy stones at the edge of a muddy pool populated by serpentine mud-puppies. Turning then, I hurried back to the cabin, whose door now stood open— to pause aghast at the threshold, star- ing into the interior. A t a table in the center of the room —a table loaded with things to eat, fresh and steaming from the stove — sat another stranger, this time a man dressed after the manner of city folk. His clothing bespoke wealth and refinement, while his man- ner of eating told that he was accus- tomed to choicer food than that of which necessity now compelled him to partake. Daintily he picked over the viands, sorting judiciously, while near the stove stood Hildreth, her eyes wide with fright and wordless entreaty. Reuben stood in a darkened comer and his eyes never left the figure of the stranger at the table. As he stared at this one I saw his tongue come forth from his mouth and de- scribe a circle, moistening his lips, an- ticipatory, like a cat that watches a saucer of cream. Plone, too, was silently watching, standing just inside the door, with his back toward me. As I watched him he moved slightly, edging toward the table. Then Plone was upon the stranger, a carving knife, snatched from the table, in his hand. But why continue ? I had seen this same scene, slightly varied, but a few minutes before, in the sand of the dry stream. I watched them rifle the clothes of the dead man, stepped aside as they dragged the body forth and away, up the coulee. For where is the hand that can halt thfe passing of shadows ? For hours I watched, there beside the cabin, while Reuben and Plone carried forward their ghastly work. Many times during those hours did I see them make their kill. Ever it was Plone who commanded, ever it was Reuben who stood at his father’s side to assist. Ever it was Hildreth who raised her hand or her voice in pro- test. Then, suddenly, she was back in the cabin with Reuben and Plone. She told the latter something, gestur- ing vehemently as she spoke. These gestures were simple, easy to under- stand. For she pointed back down the coulee, in the direction of Steam- boat Rock. Somehow I knew that what she tried to tell him was that she had gone forth and told the au- thorities what he and Reuben had done. Plone’s face became black with wrath. Reuben’s turned to the pasty gray of fear which is unbounded. Both sprang to the door and stared down the coulee. Then Plone leaped back to Hildreth, striking her in the face with his fist. She fell to the floor, groveling on her knees at his feet. He dragged her forth into the trail, along it to the dry stream-bed. There, while I watehed, was repeat- ed that terrible scene I had witnessed once before. The pleading of Hil- dreth, the motion before her face of598 WEIRD TALES Plone’s hand, crooked like a great talon. Then her gurgling scream which told that her mouth was empty of the tongue! Reuben advanced to the lip of the dry stream as Plone fought with Reuben’s mother. He paid them no heed, however, but shaded his eyes with his hand as he gazed into the west in the direction of Steamboat Rock. Then he gestured excitedly to Plone, pointing down the coulee. But Plone was all activity at once. With Reuben at his heels and Hil- dreth stumbling farther in the rear, they rushed to the cabin and began to throw rough packs together, one each for Reuben and Plone. But in the midst of their activities they paused and stared at the door- way where I stood. Then, slowly, though no one stood there except my- self, they raised their hands above their heads, while Hildreth crouched in a corner, wild-eyed, whimpering. Plone and Reuben suddenly lurched toward me, haltingly, as though pro- pelled by invisible hands. Their hands were at their sides now as though bound there securely by ropes. Outside they came, walking oddly with their hands still at their sides. They stopped beneath a tree which had one bare limb, high up from the ground—a strong limb, white as a ghost in the moonlight. Reuben and Plone looked upward at this limb, .and both their faces were gray. Hildreth came out and stood near by, also look- ing up, wringing her hands, grief marring her face that might once have been beautiful. Reuben and Plone looked at each other and nodded. Then they looked mutely at Hildreth, as though asking her forgiveness. After this they turned and nodded toward no one that I could see, as though they ges- tured to unseen hangmen. I cried aloud, even though I had foreseen what was to come, as both Plone and Reuben sprang straight into the air to an unbelievable height, to pause midway to that bare limb, their necks twisted at odd angles, their bodies writhing grotesquely. I watched until the writhing stopped. Until the bodies merely swayed, as though played upon by vagrant breezes sweeping in from the sandy dry stream. Then, for the last time, I heard the piercing, wordless shriek of a tongue- less woman. I swerved to look for Hildreth, and saw a misty, wraithlike shadow disappear among the willows, flashing swiftly out of sight up the coulee. Hildreth had gone, and I was alone, swaying weakly, nauseated, staring crazily up to two bodies which oscil- lated to and fro as though played upon by vagrant breezes. Then the bodies faded slowly away as my knees began to buckle under me. I sank to the ground before the cabin, and darkness descended once more. When I regained consciousness I opened my eyes, expecting to see those swaying bodies in the air above me. There were no bodies. Then I noted that my wrists were close together, held in place by man- acles of shining steel. From the cabin behind me came the sound of voices—voices of men who talked as they ate—noisily. Behind the cabin I could hear the impatient stamping of horses. I lay there dully, trying to under- stand it all. Then two men came out of the cabin toward me. One of them chewed busily upon a bit of wood in lieu of a toothpick. Upon the mottled vest of this one glistened a star, emblem of the sheriff. The second man I knew to be his deputy. “He’s awake, I see, Al,” said the first man as he looked at me. (Continued on page 718)“It was all over in a moment. That sinister patch of purple light had gone directly over the head and shoulders of the Spider. There was not a cry, not even a murmur. The Spider was gone!” CHAPTER 1. THE FLYING DEVIL OF BLENNERHOF. IT WAS a lane of dead grass per- haps ten feet wide—a straight, even strip of sere yellow extend- ing for nearly half a mile across the green hillside. Up near the crest of the slope it terminated as abruptly and as evenly as it had begun down in the valley. Had it not been a lone- some spot in an obscure Austrian countryside one might have believed that some huge carpet had lain out there in the sun until the grass be- neath it had perished. Half-way down the slope a dead cow lay athwart the yellow lane, and around the carcass a group of four men were gathered. Only one of them, he who talked and gesticulated so excitedly, was dressed in the na- tive costume of the countryside. The other three, a rather motley trio of physiques and faces, might have passed for tourists, and yet this was a territory remote from the beaten paths of travel. In other ways—in cut of clothes, in speech, in faces half concealed by low-pulled cloth caps, they did not seem to fit in with the general scene either as interested strangers or cursory wayfarers. One 599600 WEIRD TALES of them, a tall, wiry individual, whose cap visor did not wholly conceal a wide sear across his forehead, spoke impatiently, indicating the muttering peasant. *‘ What is he saying, Lefty? ’’ When Lefty spoke it was in the curiously clipped phrases of an Amer- ican who had lived for many years in lower New York. “He says that a devil done this; a flyin’ devil that goes over the country at night. He says he’s seen him onee or twice and now he finds his cow here dead.” The third man, a short, thick-set in- dividual, stirred uneasily and began digging nervously with the toe of his shoe in the turf near the edge of the yellow lane, his efforts sending up a small cloud of dry dust. The scarred man, who was obviously the leader of the other two, snorted derisively: “Nonsense! It’s just heart-disease, that’s all. Cows are subject to it the same as human beings. There isn’t a mark or a wound on her that I can find.” His speech was clipped, terse. Nothing of Manhattan here. “It’s funny, Mr. Ferris”—the “Mister”, coming from Lefty, was curiously deferential to the younger man—“that she should happen to fall right here in this dead grass, ain’t it? I don’t suppose the grass died of heart-disease, too, did it?” “Looky here,” said the third man, who had been digging in the turf. “Here’s something else that’s had heart-trouble. ” He stooped and pulled out of the turf an object which appeared to be a rough ball of gray- ish lint. Looking into the ball the others saw that it was a nest of field mice. They were all quite dead. “Just the same. I’m glad I wasn’t hangin’ around these parts last night, ain’t you, Lefty?” said the short man to the digger. “You said it, Spider,” returned the other. Ferris stirred impatiently. * * Come on, let’s get out of this,” he snapped. “We didn’t come up here to fiddle around with dead cows. We’ve been here a week and nothing done. We’re going to spend another night watch- ing the castle, and tomorrow we’ll get busy making our plans to get at that villa. If we hang around here much longer people will begin to ask ques- tions.” His comment was made well out of earshot of the peasant as they walked slowly up the hill. They did not speak again until they reached the crest, when Lefty, looking back, mut- tered in an undertone, “AH the same I don’t like this plaee. I’ll be glad when we’ve pulled this job and get out. There’s something queer about this air. It ain’t healthy.” The short man said nothing, but glanced nervously behind him as he followed the others over the brow of the hill. CHAPTER 2. CASTLE BLENNERHOF. The smoky, purplish gloom of an autumn twilight had settled over the Blennersee. The faint breath of an autumnal breeze left a parting ripple on the dull surface of the lake and rustled its way onward through the first frost-nipped leaves of the season—leaves deep blood-red and somber black with none of the brilliant yellows and golden browns with which nature is wont, to brighten the last hours of a dying summer. In a thick copse of scrubby moun- tain pine growing on a small promon- tory overlooking the lake the three men had halted, and now they stood looking over the darkening surface of the water, their gaze absorbed not in the purple and saffron glories of the sunset on the heights above the water, but rather in the age-black- ened turrets of the great castle which reared itself on a ledgelike island near the farther shore. The last rays of the sun on the sum- mits above them flickered and died.THE DEVIL RAY 601 Simultaneously from a point three miles down the lake there came a sudden warming glow. “That’s the villa,” said the Spider, pointing with stubby forefinger to- ward the light. “I bet they’re gettin’ ready to sit down to chow right now. Bet that wummun is wearin’ ’bout half a ton of dem jools ready for the pickin’s.” Lefty stirred uneasily, but said nothing. Ferris either did not hear the remark or chose to ignore it.' He had taken from his pocket a pair of binoculars, which he directed toward the turrets rearing into the gloom of the fast-gathering night. “I think I see those lights in the castle again,” he said suddenly. “You try the glass, Spider, and tell me what you see. My eyes may be deceiving me.” The Spider had barely brought the glasses to a focus when he started and shrank back into the thicket. “The lights again,” he muttered. “I see them there in the middle tower win- dow.” “All right,” said Ferris; “stand watch there for a time while we get something to eat. Keep your eye on that opening in the wall under the drawbridge and call me if you see anything/’ With the other man he went back into the thicket, where they built a small fire. They were not cold, but the village inn where they had been staying was far down in one of the valleys and they felt the lack of its cheery fireside. Perhaps an hour or two passed in desultory conversation when a voice from the edge of the lake called them baek to the promon- tory. “It’s that plane again, Mr. Fer- ris,” said the Spider. “They’re bringin’ her out again tonight.” Without seeming reason his voice had grown strangely hoarse. He shud- dered slightly and his hand trembled as he held out the binoculars. “All right,” said Ferris, when he had taken a look; “they won’t try any flying, probably, until after mid- night, same as before. We can stay here and wateh them until then.” By this time Lefty was standing beside them. “It’s that plane again,” said the Spider, pointing a shaky forefinger toward the castle. Lefty shivered. It might have been the wind, which seemed to be grow- ing rapidly chill with the advancing evening. “Get’s cold here early,” he said, half apologetically. There was 9 snort from Ferris. “You’re both getting scared,” he snapped, impatiently. “Both getting frightened over this fool story from a half-baked peasant. You’re both in a blue funk and ready to quit when we’ve come half-way around the world to get this stuff and we’ve noth- ing but a few old men and a girl be- tween us and nearly half a million. I can’t pull this job unless I get a little co-operation from you spineless creatures. Why, damn it, men, both of you have police records in New York—you’ve both been in gun fights and tight places, and here you are, all scared pie-eyed because you see a lit- tle dead grass and a dead cow. Evil spirits—flying devils! ’ ’ The pair opposite him stirred un- easily. It was the Spider who finally broke the silence. “Evil spirits it was or evil spirits it wasn’t. I dunno as it makes any difference. Anyways we seen the cow and you can’t get away from that. It was that plane that flew over that field, and those guys there in that castle got some- thing which ain’t healthy for you nor me to deal with.” In his own mind Ferris had to ad- mit that there appeared to be some- thing in what the Spider had said. It was two nights ago, when they had been lying in the copse watching the castle, he had discovered a faint gleam from one of its towers. Soon after-602 WEIRD TALES ward he had seen an airplane glide out from under the drawbridge and spin silently away into the night— silently because the usual roar of the exhaust had been muffled in some un- canny way. Thereafter the castle had become an absorption with him. Their mis- sion in this remote part of Europe was not an honest one, and the prize which they were seeking might lie either in the castle which they, until now, had supposed uninhabited, or in the villa up the lake. Yet it was the castle which fascinated him, and it was this fascination that was reflected in his less hardy companions (they admitted it to themselves) by cold, stark fear. It may be that Ferris feared he was losing his grip on them, or perhaps it was his overweening curiosity that got the better of him; at any rate he suddenly began to peel off his coat and then bent over and began to un- lace his shoes. The others eyed him in dumb wonderment. "What you goin’ to do now, Mr. Ferris?” ventured the Spider. "Swim to thei castle,” said Ferris, shortly. There was a tense silence. "What for?” Ferris said nothing for several sec- onds, and then, finally: "Just to show you panicky old women what a lot of fools you’ve been.” The silence became somewhat pain- ful to the two in the shadow of the thicket. There was no sound save the sharp click of Ferris’s shoelaces as he whipped them through the eyelets. The Spider’s voice finally broke the silence. "There ain’t nobody ever goin’ to say that Spider Lang ever was scared of any man, alive or dead,” he muttered. He too began removing his clothing. Ten minutes later, shivering with the chill of night, they slid down into the water with their shirts, trousers, their automatics and Ferris’s flash- light strapped to their shoulders. Fortunately the water proved to be warmer than the air, and they struck out slowly, their white bodies scarcely perceptible in the murky waters of the Blennersee. As ferris swam with easy strokes he pondered on the significance of the dead cow in the open field and the airplane in the supposedly de- serted castle. Had the two any con- nection? Was the airplane from the castle the "flying devil” the peasant had told of seeing over his fields, spraying death to plants and animals alike ? If not, why was there all this secrecy with the plane at the castle? Why this midnight flying? Why the guarded glimmer from these suppos- edly deserted towers? The whole question had a strange fascination for Ferris, a fascination for which even he was at a loss to ac- count. He already had formed a theory, a theory which startled and perplexed him because its details came to him with such startling clear- ness. He was a strange combination: intelligent, apparently highly educat- ed, bearing all the earmarks of at least an outward culture; and yet there was a sinister twist in his na- ture which during the past four years had made him one of the cleverest op- eratives in the history of American crime. Four years before he had awakened one February morning in a Chicago hospital with a gash across his fore- head and a split in his skull. They had to tell him what had happened. He had been standing in a Chicago hotel two nights before when a pick- pocket, sliding deft fingers into his pocket, had removed his wallet. Fer- ris became aware of the theft almost as soon as it was consummated and started after the thief in hot pursuit. The latter, however, had laid out his course for just such an emergency,THE DEVIL-RAY 603 for he slipped through a side door. This door, in keeping with the cor- ridor wall wherein it was set, bore a heavy glass mirror, and the thief swung the door viciously back, catch- ing Perris across the forehead and knocking him unconscious. Escape after that was easy. Despite the fact that his papers were gone with the wallet, a cardcase in the victim’s pocket established his identity as George Ferris. This was fortunate because, on his awakening two days later, Ferris had lost all memory of who he was or where he had come from. This, in itself, was no ""extraordinary thing, but the case did present one novel aspect to the surgeons. Ferris had been convalesc- ing rapidly, regaining everything ex- cept memory, and the case was con- sidered for the most part normal, when one day they brought him a mirror in order that he might shave himself. Scarcely had he glanced into the thing, however, when he sud- denly hurled it from him with a scream of agony that startled the whole ward. Never after that could they induce him to glance into any mirror. The surgeons, discussing the matter, concluded that a pathological fear of his image had developed in some quirk of his brain. Color was lent to this theory when it was re- membered that the moment before Ferris had been hurled into his ab- normal state by the impact of the swinging door he must have seen his own image in the mirror before him, and that his mind had connected this image in the nerve cells of his brain with the pain and shock of the impact. There was a second strange angle to the case, of which the surgeons were quite unaware. When Ferris was discharged from the hospital he found tightly rolled up at the bottom of his cardcase, where it had appar- ently escaped notice, an envelope with canceled postage addressed to Cap- tain Lindley Fenshaw of Berkeley, California. On its back were some meaningless penciled figures. Ordi- narily Ferris would have concluded he had picked the thing up somewhere to make use of as a memorandum. At that time, however, the name of Fen- shaw was being blazoned from one end of the country to the other, for Frank Fenshaw, X-ray expert and electrical scientist at the University of California, had disappeared from his home nine months before under circumstances which indicated a well- planned and well-executed kidnap- ing. Fenshaw had not only made many discoveries and improvements with the X-ray* in connection with electro-therapeutics, but had also been employed by the War Depart- ment during the World War, perfect- ing various electrical apparatus of a lethal nature. Hence, the govern- ment as well as the police was anxious to find the man, but a search of months had failed to reveal a single clue to his whereabouts. Eventu- ally the search, virtually abandoned by the authorities, had been taken up by Lindley Fenshaw, American flying ace in the World War and formerly captain of the football and fencing teams at the University of California, where his father had occupied the chair of electrical science. The younger Fenshaw, it was reported, had set out incognito, alone and un- aided, in the hope of running down some trace of the missing man. Just why, a few months later, George Ferris should have found in his pos- session an old envelope addressed to Lindley Fenshaw was as much a mys- tery to Ferris as it would have been to the authorities themselves. That Ferris did not turn the clue over to the police but kept it to him- self would be best understood in light of the fact that Ferris, when he discovered the letter, had no desire to meet the police for any reason whatsoever. Soon after he left the hospital, quite penniless, he discov-604 WEIRD TALES ered in himself an easy propensity for helping himself to other people’s chattels. In time he drifted to New York, where he hit upon a very profit- able though somewhat precarious ca- reer. It was soon discovered that he had a pair of marvelously sensitive fingers and a very delicate ear, all of which could be put to lucrative use in twirling a steel dial and listening to the gentle click of tumblers sup- posedly muffled behind many thick- nesses of soft felt and chrome steel. Mostly he had worked alone, but of late he had been "hired” by less gifted personages for "jobs” which contained something out of the or- dinary. It was in this connection that Lefty Fritz and Spider Lang had prevailed upon him to go to Austria. It was the old story of the Haps- burg crown jewels. The bulk of them had disappeared when the old Haps- burg monarchy had been overthrown, and it was rumored that some of the old die-hard nobility had been en- trusted with their care until such time as they might be more profitably employed in putting the hapless Charles or his heir back upon the throne. Lefty, who long years ago had been a Viennese gambler, had learned through underworld channels that they had been entrusted to old Baron Von Blennerhof. The baron, according to the best subterranean in- formation available, had carted them up to his country estates far away from the clutching hands of the new regime. This rumor was colored a bit by the fact that the baron had some time before purchased a sizable Stivers-Leemy wall safe, a somewhat rare article to be brought into that part of the country. One or two at- tempts had been made by the Vien- nese underworld gentry to test the baron’s hospitality, but as the inevi- table outcome seemed to be broken heads and no jewels, the project was finally abandoned. Now it was that the American trio had determined to try its hand. So far they had done but little, merely observing the castle and the villa from a distance and try- ing so far as possible to learn the hab- its of the inmates. Thus they had concluded that aside from the dozen or so servants and guards about the place the principals were only three —the old baron himself, a fiercely be- mustached Junker by the name of Von Schaang, and a young woman who ap- peared to be the baron’s ward. It was only the insistence of Ferris in demanding an exhaustive survey of the estate which resulted in their dis- covering that the castle was some- thing more than the moss-grown pile of stones it had seemed to be. As Ferris swam he pondered whether the jewels might not be at the castle rather than at the villa. He had planned skirting the rock on which the castle stood, thereby ap- proaching it from the side opposite where the airplane was now visible, its black wings a dark blot against the gloomy background of the farther shore. He had purposed lying there in the water, listening to the crew’s conversation, but he was barely half- way across the lake when he began to hear their voices and the clang of an iron wrench. A moment later, while he trod water, there came a splutter- ing roar from the darkness. Imme- diately it settled down to a barely perceptible hum. Presently the plane glided out from her berth under the drawbridge, and like some huge bird of ill omen mounted gradually into the night and disappeared into the east. Scarcely a sound, save that deep-throated, muffled hum of her engines. With the plane out of the way Fer- ris shifted his course and struck out for the drawbridge. A few minutes later they found themselves in a small chamber beneath the structure. At one end was a tiny dock, and by grop-THE DEVIL-RAY G05 ing about they found an iron ladder leading upward into the castle. It had been a long swim, hampered as they were with the loads on their shoulders, and for a time they clung to the slippery edge of the rock be- fore venturing into the chill air. As they rested there, Ferris’s hand, grop- ing about for a better purchase on the masonry, came into contact with a row of smooth, cylindrical objects, each about two feet long. By further groping he knew that they must be carefully wired to the rocks. One by one he traced their smooth, steel bel- lies down until he came to the conclu- sion there must be at least a dozen there within reach of his hand. After they had drawn themselves out of the water and put on their clothing he took his flashlight and sent its narrow beam down into the water. It was a small, quick flash and it did not penetrate far but it showed him enough to make him whistle softly be- tween his teeth. The drawbridge, and perhaps the whole castle, had been carefully mined with cylindrical bombs, pains- takingly wired to the ledges around its base! CHAPTER 3 THE FACE AT THE BARRED WINDOW They followed the iron ladder and crawled up through a narrow passageway into what Ferris believed to be the ancient courtyard of the castle. Here in the Stygian gloom they waited breathlessly, hoping, and yet dreading, to hear some sound that would indicate to them the where- abouts of those they knew would be their enemies. High above them towered the great battlements, their topmost turrets lost in the upper blackness of the night. The lights which they had observed from the farther shore had now disappeared. They had lost all sense of direction. They had started groping their way about, step by step, when Ferris sud- denly halted, laying a restraining hand on the arm of the trembling Spider. “Listen,” he whispered. The admonition was scarcely neces- sary. They listened intently. At first there came no sound save the pound- ing of their own hearts. And yet Ferris’s uncanny faculties had not deceived him. Gradually they became aware that the air about them was filled, not by any pei'ceptible sound, but by a delicate throbbing, a dis- turbance of the ether which they sensed rather than .heard. A moment’s hesitation, and Ferris pressed on. He had taken the flash- light once more from his pocket and was carrying it in his left hand, leav- ing his right free for the butt of his automatic. Suddenly in their groping they came upon a blank wall. By the smoothness of the structure under their fingers they knew it must be dif- ferent from the rough-hewn stone of the castle. A moment’s further hesi- tation and then a small beam of light shot out from Ferris’s left hand. Confronting them was a wall of modern brick! Guardedly the narrow shaft of light crept down the wall. At a distance of perhaps thirty feet from where they stood they saw that this' brick barrier had been mortised to one of the castle buttresses. Foot by foot the beam went back the other way. Fif- teen paces beyond the point where they were standing it showed them that the wall ended. Still farther beyond that, revealed for a brief sec- ond in a kaleidoscopic gleam, was the ancient portcullis of Blennerhof with the drawbridge drawn up behind it. Ferris snapped off the light. Appar- ently, then, this modern structure was a sizable brick building built in the center of the courtyard.606 WEIRD TALES They crept along to their left, came to the corner, rounded it cautiously. They listened. Not a sound save that peculiar faint throbbing still persist- ing in their consciousness. Ferris tried the flash again and they saw themselves facing a set of sliding doors made of steel or galvan- ized iron. Above their heads two narrow, slitlike windows looked out into the court. The Spider had begun to recover his lost nerve, and so with a nudge on Ferris’s elbow he held out his locked hands, stirrup-wise for the latter to mount. It was an old busi- ness with them. Ferris swung up and peered through the slit. Finally he tried his flash—cautiously. The beam found its way into the murky interior, lighting up the gleam- ing reflectors, the polished brass and burnished steel of what appeared to be a gigantic motor car. This mod- ern structure, then, was nothing more nor less than a garage for this huge, steel beetle. Ferris breathed easier and whistled softly through his teeth. Small wonder visitors were not wel- come to Castle Blennerhof! Slowly, as best he could, he shot his narrow beam of light through that narrow aperture. Foot by foot his eyes wandered over the car, noting the huge, beaklike hood, the slitlike openings for the eyes of the driver, the heavily armored sides and wheels and, most of all, the heavy steel cu- pola on the roof. Plainly it was an armored car, but what puzzled him most of all was that the cupola con- tained neither rifle nor machine-gun but a high, bulging dome of heavy greenish glass approximately two feet in diameter. It might be a gigantic third headlight whose rays could be directed not only to right and left, to the front and behind, but also into the heavens. Ferris slipped to the ground and held a whispered consultation with the Spider. Could the jewels, then, be in the castle instead of at the villa, and had this motor car been brought up into the mountains for their pro- tection? They remembered the as- sertions of others that the safe must be at the villa. What use could they have had for such a huge affair as a Stivers-Leemy at the villa ? Why had they not brought it to the castle if the jewels were really in the baron’s cus- tody? Very well, he would find out. Ferris had grown bolder with his flashlight now. By aid of its narrow shaft he found an open, iron-studded door at the foot of one of the towers. Within was an ancient stone staircase which they began to ascend. It was a circuitous climb, leading far up into the turret. In their ears still rang that subdued humming, growing slightly louder as they went up. Pres- ently they stepped through a narrow arched doorway out upon the open battlements. Even as they did so the pale arc of the moon, rolling out for the first time beyond its clouds, threw a fitful gleam over the ancient pile. Together they peered over the parapet into the gloom below. Together they saw there something that made them both crouch hastily back within the shadow of the wall. It was several minutes before they ventured it a sec- ond time. They saw then that the castle was in reality only a shell. Within the encircling battlements was a large interior courtyard, stone-flagged. To one side they made out a huge pile of black, lumpish material at the foot of which the dim outlines of two men were visible. From below, their ears caught the subdued clang of iron. “Coal—or I’m a liar!” whispered the Spider. It was indeed a huge pile of anthracite. They were aware now that the hum- ming had become louder. Over in erne comer of the courtyard a white, wav- ing plume of steam floated out into the night, only to be lost long before it reached the upper battlements. Voices from the two men below themTHE DEVIL-RAY 607 eame up in low gutturals. One of them trundled a wheelbarrow-load of coal toward the corner, where he dis- appeared through a doorway. Pres- ently they heard the clang of an iron door and the metallic rattle of a slice bar. Ferris grunted. "Dynamos,” he whispered, half to himself. It was not until then that the Spider recognized the now familiar whining hum. For a time they watched the men at work on the coal pile, wonderingly. Ferris knew that the villa was an up- to-date affair, equipped with electric lights and other modem improve- ments, but he was virtually certain that the power for these was gener- ated by a small gas engine in one of the outbuildings near the servants’ quarters. Furthermore, he knew that the humming in his ears indicated the presence of dynamos far more powerful than would be required for the needs of a mountain villa, no matter how extensive. Then, too, why was it necessary for these men to work by night? Musing thus, he crept on about the battlements until at a point ahead of him he saw a re- flection of light from one of the small embrasures. They peered into it cau- tiously. What they saw brought an- other of those low whistles from Fer- ris. 'T'he chamber within had apparent- ^ ly been built over the engine room. To one side was a short iron ladder leading up to a row of rheostats and other electrical paraphernalia with dials and many wheels, attached to a solid rubber slab on the wall. At the other side, jutting through the floor, were the glistening backs of two small dynamos. Between them stood the strangest apparatus of all. It was of thick, greenish glass, shaped not un- like a huge hour-glass with the upper end touching the ceiling and the low- er part countersunk in the stone floor. Out of the ceiling with the upper half of the hour-glass there jutted a U-shaped bar of a black substance, apparently carbon. A similar bar was seen under the glass in the lower half. Between the two bars there oscillated a strange, purplish light. As they watched they saw it flicker and flare, now forking like a serpent’s tongue, now a solid ray of purple. Even as they stood there watching, the head and shoulders of a man arose through an opening in the floor at the farther comer. Step by step he mounted until, crouching there as they were, with their eyes just visible over the window ledge, they could see him plainly-*-his upstanding crop of thick gray hair, his thin gangling figure, his curiously round and impas- sive face with deep-set eyes veiled be- hind thick-lensed glasses. He turned as he stepped out upon the floor and stooped to help a second man out of the hole. The last comer proved to be a smooth-shaven person with haggard features and emaciated frame. Even as his face eame into full view be- neath the glare of the lamp overhead, the Spider felt Ferris stiffen beside him, heard him gasp as though struggling for breath. The tighten- ing clutch of Ferris’s hand on the Spider’s sleeve sent cold shivers rac- ing up and down the latter’s already trembling spine. " ’S’matter?” he growled in alarm. Ferris said nothing, but continued to peer in fascination through the window, raising his head until he must have been fully visible to those within had they chosen to look up. At times he paused, stepped baek into the darkness and passed his hand over his eyes. When he pressed his face again to the window the Spider saw that there were great globules of per- spiration on his forehead, though the night was increasing in coolness. The little man fidgeted nervously. It was not his custom to question the actions of his chief, but he knew they608 WEIRD TALES were losing valuable time. Finally he laid his hand on Ferris’s arm only to have it flung roughly aside. Here again it was strange, for Ferris turned to the Spider and peered long and intently into his face, lit up as it was by the dim glow from the win- dow. The Spider was no student of psychology, but there was in Ferris’s eyes something which made him pan- icky with fear—a certain vagueness which was alarming. How long this went on (it seemed hours) the Spider scarcely knew. Once he thought all was lost when the second of the two men, the emaciated one, suddenly glanced up at the win- dow. The Spider could have sworn that he had seen Ferris, and the little man’s hand flew to his automatic, his ears attuned for the cry of alarm. Instead (and the Spider could have sworn it) the man in the tower seemed to stand there for the fraction of a second, staring in fascination at the window. Was it a look of recogni- tion? Then the man within took a step across the floor and the Spider raised his weapon. One more step— but the man had stopped. He turned away. Ah, the other had spoken to him. From out of the east came the faint hum of airplane motors, only a subtle throb of the ether. The plane was coming back! They must be gone! As roughly as he dared, the Spider pulled Ferris from the window, and pinning him with all his strength against the wall, signaled for him to listen. Zoom, zoom, zoom. Apparently they had cut out the silencer. And they were coming nearer. Had Fer- ris lost his senses? Would the fool understand? Ferris shuddered once or twice and rubbed his forehead in a vague, perplexed way. “It’s the plane,” hissed the Spider. “Are you drunk or crazy? We gotta get outta here and mighty quick!” Ferris stiffened. His very expres- sion seemed to change as he turned his ear to the night wind. “Gad, you’re right,” he mumbled. “Why didn’t you say so before?” The Spider swore under his breath. They retraced their steps as quiet- ly as possible and made their way down through the tower to the court- yard. More groping—for they dared not use the light now—and they found the iron ladder leading down under the bridge to the little stone dock. There was no time to remove their clothing now, so they plunged in as they were. By this time the faint- zooming from the east had grown to a deep-throated hum. The plane would be upon them before they were half-way across the lake. Yet, once out there in the water, they were rea- sonably safe. There was small likeli- hood of the midnight fliers glancing down into the waters where they were. But what was this? Out of the murk to the east came a sudden pur- plish gleam! Only a faint glow at first, it grew brighter with the in- creasing drone of the engines. In a manner that he had never known be- fore, Ferris felt the fingers of panic clawing at his vitals. Around him the water grew icily cold. He heard the Spider call out something from behind him. There was panic in the little man’s voice and it seemed to chain his own limbs. That had been a cry of fear—fear of the unknown. Turning his head he gazed into the east. There it was, its somber wings outlined against the scudding clouds. But now, streaming vertically down from the fuselage to the surface of the water, was a solid ray of purple light. The plane roared on, drew nearer. Somehow, Ferris knew not why, the fear that froze his limbs now struck through to his heart. Instinctively he felt he must avoid at all costs that (Continued on page 717)“That hammer was held in a hand—a wom- an’s hand! No arm, no body, just a hand, that floated through the air as if it were attached to an invisible body.” The Dead ry Seabury Quinn Hand ** ~M /FORBLETJ, ” exclaimed Jules Im/K de Grandin, passing liis i. fJL coffee cup across the break- fast table for its third replenishment, "but it seems, almost, Friend Trow- bridge, as if I exercise some sinister influence on your patients! Here I have been your guest but one little week, and you all but lose that Made- moiselle Drigo, while, helas, the so excellent Madame Richards is dead altogether entirely.” "I hardly think you can be blamed for Mrs. Richards’ death,” I replied as I handed back his refilled cup. “The poor lady suffered from mitral stenosis for the past two years, and the last time I examined her I was able to detect a diastolic murmur without the aid of a stethoscope. No, her trouble dated back some time be- fore your coming, de Grandin.” “You relieve me,” he assei’ted with a serio-comic expression on his alert face. “And now you go to offer your condolences to her sorrowing hus- band, yes? May I accompany you? Always, Friend Trowbridge, there is an opportunity for those who will to learn something.” “ATOM d’un nom, but it is the good V	Sergeant Costello !’’ de Gran- din cried delightedly as a heavy-set man closed the door of the Richards mansion behind him and strode across the wide veranda toward the steps. “Eh bien, my friend, do you not re- member me?” He stretched both his slender, carefully groomed hands to- ward the huge Irishman. “Surely, you have not forgotten-” “I’ll say I haven’t,” the big detec- tive denied with a welcoming grin, shaking hands cordially. “You sure showed me some tricks I didn’t know was in th’ book, Dr. de Grandin, when we was in that Kalmar case. Maybe 609610 WEIRD TALES you can give me a lift in this one, too. Sure, it’s like a bughouse in there.” He jerked an indicative thumb over his shoulder toward the Richards resi- dence. “Eh, what is it you say?” de Gran- din demanded, his little blue eyes dancing with sudden excitement. "A mystery? Cordicu, my friend, you interest me!” “Will you help?” the big plain- clothes man asked with almost pa- thetic eagerness, half turning in his tracks. “But most certainly,” my com- panion assented. “A mystery to me is what the love of woman is to weaker men, my friend. Pardieu, how far I should have traveled in the pro- fession of medicine if I had but been able to leave the solving of matters which did not concern me alone! Come, let us go in; we will shake the facts from this mystery of yours as a mother shakes stolen cookies from her enfant’s blouse, cher sergent.” Willis richards, power in Wall Street and nabob in our little sub-metropolitan community, stood on the hearth-rug before his library fire, a living testimonial to the truth of the axiom that‘death renders all mankind equals. For all his mop of white hair, his authoritative voice and his imposing embonpoint, the great banker was only a bereft and bewil- dered old man, borne down by his new sorrow and unable to realize that at last he confronted a condition not to be remedied by his signature on a five-figured check. “Well, Sergeant,” he asked, with a pitiful attempt at his usual brusk manner, as he recognized Costello at de Grandin’s elbow, “have you found out anything?” “No, sir,” the policeman confessed, “but here’s Dr. de Grandin, from Paris, France, and he can help you out if anyone can. He’s done some wonderful work for us before, and _99 “A French detective!” Richards scoffed. “You don’t need to get one of those foreigners to help you find a few stolen jewels, do you? Why _99 “Monsieur!” de Grandin’s angry protest brought the irate financier’s expostulation to an abrupt halt; “you do forget yourself. I am Jules de Grandin, occasionally connected with the Service de Surete, but more in- terested in the solution of my cases than in material reward.” “Oh, an amateur, eh?” Richards replied with even greater disgust. “This is a case for real detective work, Costello. I’m surprized that you’d bring a dabbler into my private affairs. By George, I’ll telephone a New York agency and take the en- tire case out of your hands!” “One moment, Mr. Richards,” I interposed, relying on my position as family medical adviser to strengthen my argument. “This is Dr. Jules de Grandin, of the Sorbonne, one of Eu- rope’s foremost criminologists and one of the world’s greatest scientists. The detection of crime is a phase of his work, just as military service was a phase of George Washington’s; but you can no more compare him with professional police officers than you can compare Washington with profes- sional soldiers.” Mr. Richards looked from de Gran- din to me, then back again. “I’m sorry,” he confessed, extending his hand to the little Frenchman, “and I shall be very glad for any assistance you may care to render, sir. “To be frank”—he motioned us to seats as he began pacing the floor nervously — ‘ ‘ Mrs. Richards ’ death was not quite so natural as Dr. Trow- bridge believes. Though it’s perfect- ly true she had been suffering from heart disease for some time, it was not heart disease alone which causedTHE DEAD HAND 611 her death. She was scared to death, literally. "I returned from New York, where I’d been attending a banquet given by my alumni association, about 2 o’clock this morning. I let myself in with my latch key and went upstairs to my room, which adjoined my wife’s, and was beginning to undress when I heard her call out in terror. I flung the connecting door open and ran into her bedroom just in time to see her fall to the floor beside her bed, clutching at her throat and try- ing to say something about a hand.” "Ah?” de Grandin looked at our host with his sharp cat-stare. "And then?” “And then I saw—well, I fancied I saw a—a something drift across the room, about level with my shoulders, and go out, the window. I ran over to where my wife lay, and—and when I got there she was dead. ’ ’ “Ah?” murmured de Grandin thoughtfully, inspecting his well-man- icured nails with an air of preoccu- pation. Richards gave him an annoyed look as he continued: “It was not till this morning that I discovered all my wife’s jewels and about twenty thou- sand dollars’ worth of unregistered Liberty bonds had disappeared from the wall-safe in her room. “Of course,” he concluded, "I didn’t really see anything in the air when I ran from my room. That’s impossible. ’ ’ “Quite obviously,” I agreed. "Sure,” Sergeant Costello nodded. “Not at all,” Jules de Grandin de- nied, shaking his head vigorously in dissent. "It is more possible your eyes did not deceive you, Monsieur. What was it that you saw?” Richards’ annoyance deepened into exasperation. "It looked like a hand,” he snapped. "A hand with four or five inehes of wrist attached to it, and no body. Silly rot, of course. I didn't see any such thing!” "Quod erat demonstrandum!” de Grandin replied softly. “What say?” Mr. Richards de- manded testily. "I said this is truly a remarkable case. ’ ’ “Well, do you want to look at the room?” Richards turned toward the door leading to the stairway. “But no, Monsieur,” de Grandin blandly refused. “The good Ser- geant Costello has already looked over the ground. Doubtless he can tell me all I need to know. I shall look else- where for confirmation of a possible theory.” “Oh, all right,” Richards agreed with a snort of ill-concealed con- tempt; "tackle the matter in your own way. I’ll give you forty-eight hours to accomplish something; then I’ll call up Blynn’s agency and see what real detectives can do.” "Monsieur is more than generous in his allowance, ’ ’ de Grandin replied icily. To me, as we left the house, he con- fided, "I should greatly enjoy pulling that Monsieur Richards’ nose, Friend Trowbridge.” "/^an you come over to my house ^ right away, Dr. Trowbridge?” a voice hailed me as de Grandin and I entered my office. "Why, Mr. Kinnan,” I answered, as I recognized the caller, "what’s the matter?” "Huh!” he exploded. "What isn’t the matter? Hell’s broken loose. My wife’s*had hysterics since this morn- ing and I’m not sure I oughtn’t ask you to commit me to some asylum for the feeble-minded.” “Pardieu, Monsieur,” de Grandin exclaimed, “that statement, he is vast- ly interesting, but not very instruc- tive. You will explain, n’est-ce-pasf” "Explain?” growled the other. "How am I going to explain some- thing I know isn’t so? At twenty612 WEIRD TALES minutes past 5 this morning my wife and I saw something that wasn’t there, and saw it take the Lafayette cup, to boot!” “Sacre nom d’un pore!” de Gran- din swore. ‘ ‘ What is it that you say ? You saw that which was not there, and saw it take a cup of le Marquis de Lafayette? Non, non, non; it is I who am of the deranged mind. Friend Trowbridge, look to me. I hear re- marks which this gentleman has not made!” In spite of himself, Kinnan laughed at the little Frenchman’s tragic face. ‘‘I’ll be more explicit,” he promised, seating himself opposite me and drawing a cigar case from his pocket. “Smoke?” he asked, proffering the case to each of us in turn. “Now, here goes, and I don’t care whether you believe me or not, for I’m not at all sure I’m not a liar myself. “The baby was fretful the entire early part of the evening, and we didn’t get him to sleep till well after midnight. Along about 5 o’clock he woke up on another rampage, and my wife and I went into the nursery to see what we could do. “Ella, the maid, had gone to New York for the night, and, as usual, there wasn’t a drop of milk ready for the youngster. So Mrs. Kinnan and I trotted doAvn to the dining room and I started to pasteurize some milk in the chafing dish. I can place the time exactly, for the library clock has been running erratically lately, and only yesterday I’d gotten it so it ran just ten minutes fast. Well, that clock had just struck half-past 5 when— like an echo of the gong—there came a crash at the window, and the pane was shattered, right before our eyes.” “Ah?” observed de Grandin, non- committally. Kinnan shot him a sidelong glance as he continued, “It had been broken by a hammer.” “Ah?” de Grandin edged slightly forward on his chair. “And whether you believe me or not, that hammer was held in a hand —a woman’s hand—and'• that was all! No arm, no body, just a hand—a hand that smashed that windowpane with a hammer, and floated through the air, as if it were attached to an invisi- ble body, and took the Lafayette cup from the sideboard, then floated away with it!” “A-a-ahl” de Grandin ejaculated on a rising accent, forgetting to puff at the cigar our caller had given him. “Oh, I don’t expect you to believe me,” Kinnan shot back. “I’d say anyone who told me such a story was full of dope, or something, myself; but I tell you I saw it—or thought I did—and so did my wife. Anyhow” —he turned to us with a gesture of finality — “the Lafayette cup is gone.” “On the contrary, Monsieur” de Grandin assured him gravely, "I do believe you, most implicitly. That same bodiless hand was seen at Mon- sieur Richards’ home last night.” “The deuce!” This time it was Kinnan who looked skeptical. “You say someone else saw that hand? Wh— why, they couldn’t!” “Nevertheless, my friend, they did,” the Frenchman asserted. “Now tell me, this Lafayette cup, what was it?” “It’s a silver wine goblet which be- longed to my great-grandfather,” Kinnan replied. “Intrinsically, I don’t suppose it’s worth more than twenty-five or thirty dollars; but it’s valuable to us as a family heirloom and because Lafayette, when he made his second visit to this country, drank out of it at a banquet given in his honor. I’ve been offered up to a thousand dollars for it by collectors.” “Morbleu!” De Grandin ground the fire from his cigar in the ash-tray and beat his fingertips together in a nervous tattoo. * ‘ This is a remarkableTHE DEAD HAND 613 burglar we have here, Messieurs, a most remarkable burglar. He—or she—has a hand, but no body; he en- ter sick ladies’ bedrooms and fright- ens away their lives, then steal their jewelry; he break honest men’s win- dows with a hammer, then deprives them of their treasured heirlooms while they heat the milk for their ba- bies. Cordtieu, he will bear investi- gating, this one!” “You don’t believe me,” KInnan declared, half truculently, half shame- facedly. “Have I not said I do?” the Frenchman answered, almost angrily. “When you have seen what I have seen, Monsieur,—parbleu, when you have seen one-half as much!—you will learn to believe many things which fools declare impossible. “This hammer”—he rose, almost glaring at Kinnan, so intent was his stare—“where is he? I would see him, if you please.” “It’s over at the house,” our visi- tor answered, “lying right where it fell when the hand dropped it. Nei- ther my \pfe nor I would touch it for a farm.” *	‘ Tremendous, gigantic, magnifi- cent!” de Grandin ejaculated, nod- ding his head vigorously after each adjective. “Come, mes amis, let us hasten, let us fly. Trowbridge, my friend, you shall attend the so excel- lent Madame Kinnan. I, I shall go on the trail of this bodiless burglar, and it shall go hard, but I shall find him. Morblm, Monsieur le Fantome, when you kill that Madame Richards with fright, that is one thing; when you steal Monsieur Kinnan’s cup of le Marquis de Lafayette, that is also one thing, but when you think to thumb your invisible nose at Jules de Gran- din,—parbleu, that is something else again! We shall see who will make one sacre singe out of whom, and that right quickly.” The hammer proved to be an ordi- nary one, with a nickeled head and imitation ebony handle, such as could be bought at any notion store for twenty-five cents; but de Gran- din pounced on it like a hungry tom- cat on a mouse or a gold prospector on a two-pound nugget or a Kimber- ley miner on a twelve-carat diamond. “But this is wonderful; this is superb! ” he almost cooed as he swad- dled the implement in several layers of paper and stowed it tenderly away in an inside pocket of his great coat. ‘ ‘ Trowbridge, my friend’ ’—he threw me one of his quick, enigmatic smiles—“do you attend the good Madame Kinnan. I have important duties to perform elsewhere. If pos- sible, I shall return for dinner, and if I do, I pray you will have your amiable cook prepare for me one of her so delicious apple pies. If I re- turn not”—his little blue eyes twin- kled a moment with frosty laughter— “I shall eat all that pie for breakfast, like a good Yon-kee.” Dinner was long since over, and the requested apple pie had been reposing untouched on the pantry shelf for several hours when de Gran- din popped from a taxicab like a jack-in-the-box from its case and rushed up the front steps, the waxed ends of his little blond mustache twitching like the whiskers of an ex- cited tom-cat, his arms filled with bundles—a look of triumphant exhil- aration on his face. “Quick, quick, Friend Trowbridge,” he ordered as he deposited his packages on my office desk, “to the telephone! Call that Monsieur Richards, that rich man who so generously allowed me forty- eight hours to recover his lost treas- ures, and that Monsieur Kinnan, whose so precious cup of the Marquis de Lafayette was stolen—call them both and bid them come here, right away, at once, immediately!614 WEIRD TALES "Pardieu\”—he strode back and forth across my office with a step which was half run, half jig—"this Jules de Grandin, never is the task imposed too great for him!” “What in the world’s the matter with you?” I demanded as I rang up the Richards house. “Non, non,” he replied, lighting a cigarette, then flinging it away un- puffed. "Ask me no questions, good friend, I do beseech you. Wait, only wait till those others come, then you shall hear Jules de Grandin speak. Morbleu, but he shall speak a great mouthful!” The Richards limousine, impressive in size, like its owner, and, like its owner, heavily upholstered, was pant- ing before my door in half an hour, and Kinnan drove up in his modest sedan almost as soon. Sergeant Cos- tello, looking mystified, but conceal- ing his wonder with the inborn reti- cence of a professional policeman, came into the office close on Kinnan’s heels. "What’s all this nonsense, Trow- bridge?” Richards demanded testily as he sank into a chair. "Couldn’t you have come over to my house, in- stead of dragging me out at this hour o’ night?” "Tut, tut, Monsieur,” de Grandin cut him short, running the admoni- tions so close together that they sounded like the exhaust of a minia- ture motorboat. "Tut, tut, Monsieur, is it not worth coming out into the cold to recover these?” Prom a brown-paper parcel before him he produced a purple velvet case which he snapped open with a dramatic ges- ture, disclosing an array of scintillat- ing gems. “These, I take it,” he announced, "were once the property of Madame, your wife?” "Great Scott!” gasped Richards, reaching out his hands for the jewels, "why, you got ’em!” "But of course,” de Grandin agreed, deftly withdrawing the stahes from Richards’ reach and restoring them to their paper bag. "Also, Mon- sieur, I have these.” Prom another parcel he drew a sheaf of Liberty bonds, ruffling through them as a gambler might count his cards. "You said twenty thousand dollars’ worth, I believe? Tres bien, there are just twenty one-thousand dollar certifi- cates here, according to my count. “Monsieur Kinnan,” he bowed to our other visitor, "permit that I re- store to you the cup of Monsieur le Marquis Lafayette.” The Lafayette cup was duly extracted from another package and handed to its owner. "And now,” de Grandin lifted an oblong pasteboard box of the sort used for shoes and held it toward us as a prestidigitator might hold the hat from which he is about to extract a rabbit, "I will ask you to give me closest attention. Regardez, s’il vous plait. Is this not what you gentlemen saw last night?” As he lifted the box lid we beheld, lying on a bed of crumpled tissue pa- per, what appeared to be the perfect- ly modeled reproduction of a beauti- ful feminine hand and wrist. The thumb and fingers, tipped with long, almond-shaped nails, were exquisitely slender and graceful, and the narrow palm, where it showed above the curl- ing digits, was pink and soft-looking as the under side of a La Prance rose petal. Only the smear of collodion across the severed wrist told us we gazed on something which once pul- sated with life instead of a marvelous- ly exact reproduction. "Is this not what you gentlemen saw last night?” de Grandin re- peated, glancing from the lovely hand to Richards and Kinnan in turn. Each nodded a mute confirmation, but forebore to speak, as though the sight of the eery, lifeless thing before him had placed a seal of silence on his lips.THE DEAD HAND 615 "Very good; very, very good,” de Grandin nodded vigorously. “Now at- tend me, if you please: "When Monsieur Kinnan told me of the hammer which broke his win- dow last night I decided the road by which to trace this bodiless burglar was mapped out on that hammer’s handle. Pmrquoi? Because this hand which scares sick ladies to death and breaks windowpanes is one of three things. First”—he ticked off on his fingers—"it may be some me- chanical device. In that case I shall find no traces. But it may be the ghost of someone who once lived, in which case, again, it is one of two things: a ghost hand, per se, or the reanimated flesh of one who is dead. Or, perchance, it is the hand of some- one who can render the rest of him invisible. "Now, then, if it is a ghost hand, either true ghost or living-dead flesh, it is like other hands, it has ridges and valleys and loops and whorls, which can be traced and recognized by fingerprint experts. Or, if a man can, by some process unknown to me, make all of him, save his hand, invisi- ble, why, then, his hand, too, must leave finger marks. Hein? " ‘Now,’ Jules de Grandin asked Jules de Grandin, ‘is it not highly probable that one who steal jewels and bonds and the cup of Monsieur le Marquis de Lafayette, has stolen before, perchance been apprehended, and fingerprinted?’ " ‘Parbleu! It is even as you say, ’ Jules de Grandin answer Jules de Grandin. "Thereupon I take that hammer from Monsieur Kinnan’s house and go with it to New York. I see the Commissioner of Police. ‘Monsieur le Prefet,’ I say to him, ‘I am Jules de Grandin. Do you know me?’ “ ‘Morbleu, but I do,’ reply that so excellent gentleman. ‘Who but a fool has not heard of Jules de Grandin?’ ” He paused a moment, casting a pregnant glance at Richards, then continued: " ‘Monsieur le Prefet,* I reply, ‘I would that you permit your identifi- cation experts to examine this ham- mer and tell me, of their kindness, whose fingerprints appear thereon.’ "Bien, the order was given, and in good time come the report that the hammer handle is autographed with the fingerprints of one Katherine O’Brien, otherwise known to the po- lice as Catherine Levoy, and also known as Catherine Dunstan. "The police of New York have a dossier for this lady which would do credit to the Paris Surete. They tell me she was in turn a shoplifter, a decoy-woman for some badger game gentlemen, a forger and the partner of one Professor Mysterio, a theatrical hypnotist. Indeed, they tell me, she was married to this professor a I’lta- lienne, and with him she traveled the country, sometimes giving exhibitions, sometimes indulging in crime, such as, for instance, burglary and pocket- picking. "Now, about a year ago, while she and the professor are exhibiting themselves at Coney Island, this lady died. Her partner gave her a most remarkable funeral; but the cere- monies were marred by one untoward incident—while her body lay in the undertaker’s mortuary some thief did climb in the window and remove one of her hands. In the dead of night he severed from the beautiful body of that wicked woman the hand which had often extracted property from other people’s pockets, and made off with it; nor could all the policemen’s efforts find out who did so ghoulish a deed. "Meantime, the professor who was this woman’s theatrical partner has retired from the stage and lives in New Jersey on the fortune he has amassed.616 WEIRD TALES “ ‘New Jersey, New Jersey,’ I say to me. ‘Why, that is the place where my dear Trowbridge lives, and where these so mysterious burglaries have taken place.’ “So back I come to Sergeant Cos- tello and ask him if any stranger whose mode of income is unknown has lately moved into this vicinity. I have a picture of this Professor Mysterio which the New York police give me from their archives, and I show the picture to the good Costello. “ ‘Pardim’ (in English) he say, ‘but I know the gentleman! He live in the Berryman house, out on the Andover Road, and do nothing for his living but smoke a pipe and drink whisky. Come, let us gather him in. ’ “While Sergeant Costello and I ride out to that house I do much thinking. Hypnotism is thought, and thought is a thing—a thing which does not die. Now, if this dead wom- an had been in the habit of receiving mental commands from Professor Mysterio for so long, and had been accustomed to obey those commands with all parts of her body as soon as they were given, had she not formed a habit of obedience? Trowbridge, my friend, you are a physician, you have seen men die, even as I have. You know that the suddenly killed man falls in an attitude which was characteristic of him in life, is it not so?” I nodded agreement. “Very well, then,” de Grandin continued, “I ask me if it is not pos- sible that the hand this professor have commanded so many times in life can not be made to do his bidding after death? Mon Dieu, the idea is novel, but not for that reason impossible! Did not that so superb Monsieur Poe hint at some such thing in his story of the dying man who remained alive because he was hypnotized? Most as- suredly. “So, when we get to the house of Professor Mysterio, Sergeant Costello points his pistol at the gentleman and says, ‘Put ’em up, buddee, we’ve got the deceased wood upon you! ’ Mean- while, I search the house. “I find Monsieur Richards’ jewelry and his bonds; I find Monsieur Rin- nan’s cup of Monsieur le Marquis de Lafayette. I find much else, includ- ing this hand of a dead woman which are not itself dead. Dieu. de Dieu! When I go to take it from its case it attack me like a living thing, and Sergeant Costello have to promise he will blow the top from the professor’s head before he order it to be quiet. And it obeyed his voice! Parbleu! When I see that, I have the flesh of the geese all over me.” “Rot!” Richards flung the con- temptuous comment like a missile. ‘ ‘ I don’t know what kind of hocus-pocus made that hand move; but if you expect to make me believe any such nonsense as this stuff you’ve been telling, you’ve got the wrong pig by the ear. I shouldn’t be surprized if you and this Professor What’s-His- Name were in cahoots in this thing, and you got cold feet and left your confederate holding the bag!” I stared aghast at the man. De Grandin’s vanity was as colossal as his ability, and though he was gentle as a woman in ordinary circum- stances, like a woman, he was capable of sudden flares of vixenish temper when his regard for human life be- came no greater than his concern for a troublesome fly. If the little French- man had launched himself at his tra- ducer like a bobcat attacking a hound I should have been less surprized than I was at the ominous calm with which he replaced the cover of the card- board box containing the hand. “Friend Trowbridge,” he asked, the muscles of his jaws standing out like whipcords as he strove to prevent a telltale quiver from creeping into his face, “will you be good enough to represent me—ha!”THE DEAD HAND 617 With the ejaculation he dodged suddenly downward, almost falling to the floor in his haste to avoid the flashing, white object which dashed at his face. Nor was his dodge a split-second too soon. Like the lid of a boiling kettle, the top of the shoe box had lifted, and the slender, quiescent hand which lay within had leaped through the opening, risen throat-high in the air and hurtled across the interven- ing space like a quarrel from a cross- bow. With delicate, firm-muscled fin- gers outspread, it swooped through the air like a pouncing hawk, missed de Grandin’s throat by the barest fraction of a second—and fastened itself, snapping like a strong-springed steel-trap, in the puffy flesh sagging over the collar of Willis Richards’ dress shirt. “Ah—ulp!” gasped, or, rather, croaked, the startled financier, falling backward in his chair and tearing futilely at the eldritch thing which sank its long, pointed nails into his purple skin. "Ah—God, it’s choking me!” Costello was at his side, striving with all his force to pry those white, slender fingers open. He might as well have tried to wrench apart the clasp of a chrome-steel handcuff. “Non, non,” de Grandin shouted, "not that way, Sergeant. It is use- less!” Leaping across the room he jerked open the door of my instrument case, seized an autopsy knife and dashed his shoulder against the burly detec- tive, almost sending him sprawling. Next instant, with the speed and precision of an expert surgeon, he was dissecting away the deadly white fingers fastened in Richards’ dewlap. “C’est complet,” he announced matter-of-factly as he finished his grisly task. "A restorative, if you please, Friend Trowbridge, and an antiseptic dressing for the wounds from the nails. He will not suffer un- necessarily.” Wheeling, he seized the receiver from my desk telephone and called authoritatively: “Alio, alio, the jail, if you please, Mademoiselle Central!” There was a brief parley, finally he received his connection, then: “AUo, Monsieur le Geolier, can you tell me of Professor Mysterio, please? How is he; what does he do?” A pause: "Ah, do you say so? I thought as much. Many thanks, Mon- sieur.” He turned to us, a look of satisfac- tion on his face. "My friends,” he announced solemnly, "Professor Mys- terio is no more. Two minutes ago the authorities at the city prison heard him call out distinctly in a loud voice, ‘Katie, kill the Frenchman; I command you. Kill him! ’ When they rushed to his cell to discover the cause for his cries they were but in time to see him dash himself from his bed, having first bound his waist-belt firmly to his throat and the top of his barred door. The fall broke his neck. He died before they could cut him down. “Eh bien,” he shook himself like a spaniel emerging from a pond, " ’twas a lucky thing for me I saw that box top begin to lift and had the sense to dodge those dead fingers. None of you would have thought of the knife, I fear, before the thing had strangled my life away. As it is, I acted none too soon for Monsieur Richards’ good.” Still red in the face, but regaining his self-possession under my ministra- tions, Willis Richards sat up in his chair. "If you’ll give me my prop- erty, I’ll be getting out of this hell- house,” he announced gruffly, reach- ing for the jewels and bonds de Gran- din had placed on the desk. > "Assuredly, Monsieur,” de Gran- din agreed. "But first you will com- ply with the law, n’est-ce-pasf You have offered a reward of five thousand618 WEIRD TALES dollars for your property’s return. Make out two checks, if you please, one for half the amount to the good Sergeant Costello, the other, for a similar amount, to me.” “I’ll he hanged if I do,” the bank- er declared, glaring angrily at de Grandin. “Why should a man have to buy his own stuff back?” Sergeant Costello rose ponderously to his feet and gathered the parcels containing Richards’ belongings into his capacious hands. “Law’s law,” he announced decisively. “There’ll be no bonds or jools returned till that reward’s been paid.” “All right, all right,” Richards agreed, reaching for his checkbook, “I’ll pay you; but it’s the damndest hold-up I’ve ever had pulled on me.” “’LJ’m,” growled Costello as the A door slammed behind the irate banker, “if I ever catch that bird parkin’ by a fireplug or exceedin’ th’ speed limit, he’ll see a hold-up that is a hold-up. / I’ll give ’im every sum- mons in my book, an’ holler for more. ’ ’ “Tiens, my friends, think of the swine no more,” de Grandin com- manded. “In France, had a man so insulted me, I should have called him out and run him through the body. But that one? Pouf! Gold is his life’s blood. I hurt him far more by forcing the reward from him than if I had punctured his fat skin a dozen times. “Meantime, Friend Trowbridge” —hisi little eyes snapped with the heat-lightning of his sudden smile— “there waits in the pantry that so delicious apple pie prepared for me by your excellent cook. Sergeant— Monsieur Kinnan, will you join us? Wind and weather permitting, Friend Trowbridge and I purpose eating ourselves into one glorious case of indigestion.” The next adventure of Jules de Grandin will take him into the gruesome cellars beneath “The House of Horror”. Watch for this fascinating story in WEIRD TALES. Issues of the magazine containing the previous Jules de Gran- din stories by Seabury Quinn will be supplied by the publishers, postpaid, for 25 cents each. “The Horror on the Links”.......October,	1925 “The Tenants of Broussac”.....December,	1925 “The Isle of Missing Ships”.....February,	1926 “The Vengeance of India”.......... April,	1926“Softly he bent over* the form of the lovely girl,- and the beauty of the great room was dwarfed by comparison to the loveliness of Lun Pei Lo.” WITH the first breath of night Canton becomes a city of mystery, a place of lurking shadows, of soft-cadenced, subdued voices, of lanterns flickering wistfully out from the folds of darkness, of a thousand varied odors, some revolt- ing, others that seem to possess all the allure and incense of the East. That evening as I wandered through the narrow alleys that wind through the city like snakes, I no- ticed a Chinaman standing in the doorway of a tea-house. He was very tall, like a great reed, and he swayed somewhat, which emphasized the sim- ile. He was dressed in a soft black, shapeless suit, unrelieved by any touch of color, a suit which seemed to have been cut from the velvet blackness of the Oriental night. His face was yellow but so pale that it seemed almost white, and his eyes lay in great pits. They glowed with a strange brilliancy like the eyes of a forest animal or of a man who has crossed the threshold of reason. His nose was a monstrosity crushed flat against his face and his lips were so thin they hardly existed. They 619620 WEIRD TALES made no effort to Ride his huge yellow teeth. As I gazed into his face I paused, for he was smiling hideously and beckoning to me. "If you will buy me some tea,” he said in a soft voice which wa» beauti- fully modulated, "I will tell you a tale of adventure and romance -that will cause your ennui to slip from you like a cloak.” "How did you know I was in search of adventure?” I demanded. “That was very simple,” said he. "When it grows cloudy, one knows that it will rain. One judges the weather by gazing on the face of na- ture. One judges a man’s mood like- wise by gazing into his face.” He led the way into the tea-house as he spoke, and in a few seconds we were seated at a small table in a far corner. The tea-house was dimly lighted and the scattered forms that slunk about the room seemed like wraiths. Overhead several lanterns burned dimly, yellow-blue lanterns that caressed the room with a peace- ful shimmering light. A sleek China- man brought us tea and then silently withdrew. My companion closed his eyes and breathed deeply of the sweet aroma that rose softly to his nostrils. "Tea,” he said softly, "tea is a beverage of enchantment. It brings happiness and dreams. It brings for- getfulness. It is a medicine to cure all physical and moral ills. ’ ’ He paused for a moment, then he said, "My name is Yuan Yung and I dwell not far from here on an island in the Great River. What the island is called matters little. Where it is mat- ters less. Sufficient it is that there is such an island, for it is an island like unto none that you have ever chanced upon.” Again he paused for a moment and breathed deeply of the tea aroma. I marveled that he made no effort to lift the dainty green-jade cup to his lips. "On my island,” he continued, "no sound is ever heard. Not* a bird sings, not a flower laughs in the wind, even the great tree-tops are subdued. It is an island of sorrow. All nature is mourning, mourning for little Lun Pei Lo who used to make our island a floral garden of loveliness by her singing. Yon who have heard the greatest singers of the Occident, have yet to hear anything comparable to the singing of Lun Pei Lo, for when she sang even the flowers joined in the chorus. They blossomed more beautifully and fragrantly than ever, and the trees like great violins softly joined in the music. They swayed in perfect rhythm, and made music which even the spheres might envy. He only is a great singer who can harmonize with nature, and Lun Pei Lo was even greater, for nature har- monized with her. Life is a peculiar thing. Men wander through the val- ley toward the shadowy death caves beyond and always they think of at- taining wealth, and riches and power. None of these is of the slightest im-- portance. The wealth of the world is contained in sweet incense, the aroma of tea, in beautiful pictures, in music and in the glory of the skies. When we arrive at that station in life where we can estimate values, there will no longer be any necessity for dying. Life will be complete. On our island little Lun Pei Lo sang and all things joined in her songs. But now little Lun Pei Lo has gone and the trees are silent, the flowers are hushed and the birds no longer sing. Nothing but sadness remains. Even the great serpent who sleeps beneath the moun- tains mourns for her.” “If I would not be presuming,” I hazarded, “I should like very much to visit your island.” He looked up quickly and his eyes narrowed until they were little more than slits. “I will take you there this very night,” he said emphatically.THE SILENT TREES 621 After that we sat in silence. I finished my tea and waited for him to do likewise, but he made no effort to raise the cup to his lips. He just inhaled the aroma until the tea had cooled, after which he reluctantly rose to his feet. Together we ambled through the winding crisscross alleys of Canton. He held my arm with fingers of steel, as though he feared I might flee. They bit into my flesh like teeth. At last we arrived at the water’s edge. It was pitch-black. Yuan Yung clambered into a small boat from the bow of which hung a lantern, and I followed after him. When we were both seated he extin- guished the light. The water was blacker than a river of jet and I could not make out the form of my com- panion. The sky was overcast and there was no moon. The night air was cold and cheerless and a sharp wind blew fitfully over the waters. Soon the boat began to move. I assumed that Yuan Yung was rowing although I heard no sound of oars. The boat cut through the water as though it had no more texture than a phantom. The night was lifeless and still. On and on we drifted. As the moments passed I grew drowzy. It was very peaceful. Not a sound, not a sigh. At last I must have fallen into a deep sleep, for the next thing I knew it was morning. I gazed slowly about me. To my surprize I lay beside a marvelous blue lake, a lake bluer than an April sky. Yuan Yung was nowhere in sight. Gone also was the boat in which we had come to the island. For awhile I waited for him to return, drinking in the beauty of the panorama that un- folded all about me. Hills covered with verdant trees etched sharply against a coral-blue sky. The grass was greener than any grass I had ever seen. And there were wild flow- ers in profusion growing on every side, flowers of every color and hue, a perfect riot of beauty! The air was so clear that I could see for miles about, and because of the immensity of the canvas on which I gazed everything seemed dwarfed by comparison. I was in a miniature world of loveliness. It was also a soundless world. Not the faintest murmuring rent the solitude. The trees were so still they might have been painted on a white sheet. Even the flowers did not move. No bird sang, nor could I detect the faintest suggestion of a breeze. It was so calm and lifeless that it made me shiver. I called aloud for Yuan Yung but my voice died out almost instantly without echo. I called again but it was useless. The air refused to take up my voice. I began to perspire as though some awful menace were at my heels. I was afraid to look back. It was ridiculous to succumb to nerves on such a perfect day. The sky was clear and on every hand I was en- veloped in beauty. It was so beauti- ful that it was nauseating. I felt as though the very perfectness of the picture were stifling me, stealing my breath, binding me with chains. For awhile I waited by the roadside, then I commenced to walk. Even my foot- falls made no sound. It was an island of dreadful silence. On and on I wandered. The road wound over a slight hill and then dipped into a forest and I passed along it as though I were lost in a dream. All nature was soundless as though it had paused for some great event, perhaps to listen to the singing of Lun Pei Lo. My mind at that moment was as clear as crystal. All the worthless dross of life had been washed out. Had life stopped on the island when Lun Pei Lo vanished? Would the current of existence cease to flow onward until her return? These were mad thoughts but at the moment they seemed logical enough. Sanity at best is but a relative con- dition. A man slightly mad seems normal as compared to a maniac. Few622 WEIKD TALES persons of earth are mentally in abso- lute balance. Superstitions are slight forms of insanity and often one is de- clared insane simply because he has views which one can not understand. There was something awesome about that soundless road. I was ter- rified. Many things there were as mysterious as the blue lake. I noticed that the few coral clouds in the sky did not move. Stationary also was the sun. It did not even seem to cast off heat as it blazed down. Neither was the air cold. The climate was neutral. I marveled at this but not nearly as much as at the fact that I cast no shadow. I had read that only the dead cast no shadows. It was an old belief. Ancient also was the say- ing that a man’s shadow is really his soul. When one casts no shadow one has lost one’s soul. I had never given credence to such fantasies, yet now that I cast no shadow I shuddered. Was I dead? Was I a ghost? I laughed mirthlessly at the bare thought, but no sound came from my lips. I, too, was voiceless, as sound- less as the silent trees. Now I quick- ened my pace. I sped down the road as though pursued by the wrath of the gods. My blood froze in my veins. My heart almost Stopped beating. My lips grew cold. The whole island seemed to be a seething menace, yet it was more beautiful than a land- scape by Corot. Soon I came to a gray city, a de- serted city, the weirdest place in which I had ever walked. It was as though some horrible plague had driven the inhabitants from their homes. I roamed through street after street of gray houses, all deserted and dead. They stood somberly malignant like bleached bones from which all flesh had been torn by vultures. All were of peculiar design, built like shelves, each floor with a stone bal- cony, opening into rooms of yawning blackness. I, who had always hated noise and clamor, who had yearned for solitude, was now crushed by the weight of that velvet silence. It en- meshed me as it lay about me in folds.. My tongue was parched and dry, my lips blistered and cracked. I drew my blackened tongue across my lips, but it was without moisture. The rasping feel of it made me shudder. How long I wandered helplessly about I do not know, but the next thing I remember I was stand- ing in front of a house. It was a gray house, a forbidding house, not one bit different from the others. Yeti it ar- rested my attention. Something with- in me, I know not what, urged me to enter that house. It was a command more subtle than the perfume of pop- pies, but I acceded to it without ques- tion. It was an onward urge that could not be disputed. I paused for a moment to get my courage some- what into shape, then I entered the house. At first the halls seemed as gloomy as a night fog, an effect heightened by my sudden transition from the glaring sunlight to the sub- dued shadows, but as my vision grad- ually cleared I gasped at the vast splendor that lay before me. It was as though the city had been drained of all its grandeur until it was a drab thing in order that all the color and beauty might be concentrated into this one house. I knew instinctively that all the other houses would be as gray and colorless within as their drab exteriors. All about were rich rugs and tap- estries, rugs and draperies of every material and color. There were lamps and lanterns of all shapes and sizes, magnificent vases and small idols of solid gold, set with diamonds and pearls and precious stones. On the floor was a jade-green carpet more luxurious than grass. In awe I passed through the rooms. Even though everything was as silent as death I walked slowly. It was hard to realize that I could not make aTHE BILENT TREES 623 sound. All the furnishings of the rooms were in excellent condition so it was strange that I should associate the grim building with great age. Still the suggestion of age persisted. At last I came to a room larger and higher-vaulted than any of the others. The wealth of the house now dimmed, by comparison to the wealth I found here. Only Gautier could do justice in description. It was so gorgeous that it stunned. There is more in- toxication in a truly beautiful picture than in rare wine. Here the colors were more of one tone, blues of ex- quisite harmony, soft velvets and silks more fragile than cobwebs. Through a great window the sun splashed into the room in wondrous glory, drenching everything with a soft yellow light. Nothing, I thought, could be more beautiful than this. And yet almost immediately I changed my mind, for in a far corner I beheld the form of a lovely girl. Softly I bent over her, and just as the loveliness of tlie other rooms had been dwarfed by comparison to the wealth of this one, so was the beauty of the great room dwarfed by comparison to the loveliness of Lun Pei Lo, for I knew that it was she. The same voice that urged me to enter the house now acquainted me with the name of the sleeping girl. Her eyes were closed but the lids were blue, canopied by lashes of wondrous length which ca- ressed her cheeks. Like ivory was her skin, ivory which though pale seemed to glow with an inward pink coral light. Her lips were very red, softer and more fragrant than any flower. Lying there she seemed very young, little more than a child. Her body, though perfectly formed, was small and fragile, and I longed to crush her in my arms as though she were indeed a flower. At that moment time ceased to be for me, even as it had ceased to be for the other things upon the island. I just stood and gazed down on the sleeping girl in open adoration. Never had I been as intense in my religious worship as I was in my worship of that girl. I tried to picture how gorgeous she must be when those soft eyes were open. My forehead throbbed. I was as much a slave as any of the heroes told about in Greek legend. I longed to rouse Lun Pei Lo from her sleep, to hear her sing, to behold her smile. For the moment I forgot that the island was more silent than the heart of the Great Desert. That moment was the turning point in my life. I knew that having once seen the love- liness of Lun Pei Lo, everything would be changed thereafter. My reveries were interrupted by a sudden dull murmur. It came like a shock. The house trembled as though it were about to awake from a long sleep. It sounded more fright- ful to me than if it had been at drum- pitch. At last the menace which I had felt was about to confront me. I wished to flee, but I could not leave little Lun Pei Lo to the mercies of un- known, invisible terrors. I hesitated for a moment only, then I seized her in my arms. At once the most awful thing happened that man could dream of. Her form was as light as air, as light as though it were but a shell, and as I drew her to me, she crumpled into dust even as mummies ofttimes crumble that have been hidden for centuries in Egyptian tombs. One moment she had lain before me as lovely as any flower, the next she was but dust at my feet. Dully I stood and gazed down upon the spot where she had vanished. The lovely face was gone, never to return. Mechan- ically I stooped and picked up a large blue-purple amethyst which had hung from a golden chain about her neck. And now the murmurings in- creased to a mighty roar, a roar that shattered the crystal silence into a thousand tinkling fragments. It was624 WEIRD TALES the last thing that cut the thread of my rationality. Stark, raving mad I rushed from the house. The spell of the canopy of silence was broken. Echo ran rampant throughout the island. The trees began to sway. They seemed to be moaning. Pell- mell I rushed up a white winding road, until I emerged on a shelf 'of rock overhanging the deep blue lake. Not for a moment did I hesitate, but leaped into space. Death itself was preferable to the unseen horrors of that island. As I plunged into the lake it was like plunging into the sky. Mercifully at that moment uncon- ciousness closed in about me. It was the end, I thought, and I was glad. Perhaps in death I could join the lovely little Lun Pei Lo. When I again opened my eyes all was blackness about me. I could not see a foot in any direction. My head throbbed dully and a nau- seating sweet fragrance floated to my nostrils. For one wild moment I re- flected that I must be at the bottom of the blue lake. But I dismissed that thought almost instantly. My brain was somewhat in balance and I was beginning to think sanely again. I felt about me until my hand encoun- tered that which was evidently a cur- tain. I pushed it slowly aside and beheld an old Chinaman seated beside a table on which a feeble lamp burned. He was rolling some black gummy pellets. I watched him in- tently for awhile, then I arose and walked over to his side. My knees were stiff, my legs were as wobbly as though I were a hundred. “Can you tell me,” I asked, “how I happen to be here?” He shook his head. “How can I?” said he slowly. “Though undoubt- edly you are here for the same thing that all others come for—opium.” I was in a quandary. “How long have I been here?” I asked. “Who knows?” he droned, shrug- ging his shoulders. “Perhaps two days, perhaps three. What does it matter, anyway? Since that which has gone belongs to the past, why ponder over it ? ’ ’ I drew two gold pieces from my pocket. He eyed them greedily as I jingled them in my palm. “Who brought me here?” I persisted. He twisted his shrunken lips with his fingers. His eyes narrowed with the great effort of thinking, then he said, “A man who was tall and thin, so thin that he might have been the shadow of a pestilence.” I slid one of the gold pieces across the table to him and without prelim- inaries I told him of my adventures on the island of the blue lake. When I had finished, he eyed me queerly. “Of course you have been steeped in opium for days,” he said, ‘ ‘ and your story can not be given cre- dence ; but at least it is odd, for we of China have an old legend about Lun Pei Lo, who lived over two thousand years ago. She was a great singer. It was she who introduced melody into China. According to the legend a wizard fell in love with her and car- ried her away. He was captivated by her. He brought her flowers and jewels and wrought gold in profusion but failed to make her happy. He worshiped her as the earth worships the sun. but to no avail. She pined for the lover of her childhood. Daily she grew thinner and thinner until her life was almost extinct. In de- spair the wizard changed her lover into a reed which ever after grew be- side the Blue Lake. Such is the leg- end. You must have been thinking of it when you came to this house and it became entwined in your dreams.” “Perhaps you are right,” I said slowly, but I did not tell him that at that very moment I held in my hand a gorgeous blue-purple amethyst which little Lun Pei Lo had once worn upon her breast.“Some rushed for the after cabin, but they were cut off by a slimy arm that slid across their path. It spread and lifted with terrorizing rapidity.” NLY I escaped.” The man whom they had found adrift in the dory hung his head. "The others”—the listeners bent nearer to catch his throatily whis- pered words—"the others ... it got them — that monstrous, cursed thing!” His eyes rolled back, show- ing bloodshot whites; his body tensed, and then he shook as with the ague. His attempt to say more resulted in stuttering failure. w. T.—2 "He had better be put to bed,” the ship’s doctor said. "His nerves are all gone. Heat and thirst and exposure, of course. Hallucinations. He’ll come out of it in time.” So they put him in the hospital, where he raved for three days. And the things he said caused intense in- terest on board the freighter Pacific Belle; and among the crew lurking fear whispered that some of the things he said were true.62 6 WEIRD TALES It was a week before he came into his right mind again, and then the fevers and fears which had beset him passed. He was able to talk to the captain, and to tell a coherent story. "There were seven of us,” he said with sad recollection, as he glanced at the ship’s officers, who had gath- ered about him on the poop deck, "who set out in a two-topmaster— the Scudder. It belonged to Bob Henry, who was our captain. Just a sort of lark, you know—an idle cruise for the joy of the sea, and the freedom. "I was mate, for next to Bob, I knew more about handling a ship than the others. And so we sailed along the coast, putting into what- ever ports we fancied, and living an idle, ideal life. All of us had long been friends. "Then we rashly decided to make it across the Pacific, depending on a season of few storms to aid us. We were successful. Honolulu was easy; and from there we headed southward, made the Marquesas, and then we sailed from island group to island group—you know them all—until we made the Philippines. "There we turned homeward, pointing our course for Guam. But midway to Apia our luck failed, and we were becalmed for days. We had a small auxiliary motor, which we used for a time to make headway, but it got out of order, and we were forced to remain in virtually the same spot for nearly a week. We did not especially mind, for we were in no great hurry, except that it was somewhat monotonous with so very little to do. "One evening during our becalmed period, just toward sunset, Hal Rooney pointed out a great disturb- ance of the water some little distance from us. It shot up in sprays, and eddied in a most inexplicable man- ner, and then it suddenly ceased. We wondered about it for a long while, but no thinking or imagining or de- ducing on our part could explain the phenomenon. “ ‘Possibly,’ Bob Henry said, ‘it will appear again. ’ “And, sure enough, it did. The next evening at the same hour we again noted that strange disturbance of the water. We knew that it could not possibly be a whale, nor any oth- er large sea-creature of which we had ever heard, for the tumult was too vast; and the fact that none of us could offer an explanation of the mys- tery piqued our curiosity. *	‘ The calm continued. The sea floated away from us endlessly, equal- ly on all sides, caught at the edges of the sky, and became one with it. Once in a while a blackfish went blow- ing by, or an occasional whale. The waters teemed with life. At night the phosphor glow was almost livid, uncannily brilliant. And each eve- ning that same disturbance of the water occurred somewhere in our neighborhood. “It was with the third appearance that the thing became too much for us. We determined to put out in a dory and investigate the next time it appeared. It did not disappoint us. Again, at sunset, while the sky glowed extravagantly, flaunting an enormous batik at the parting day, the water almost dead ahead of our bows broke into a churning fury. We piled into the dory, which was ready alongside, and made for it, pulling as hard as we could. But before we were able to reach the spot, the mael- strom had ceased, and we gazed into the intense indigo of unruffled water that was nearly five miles deep. “Following that attempt, we were more determined than ever to find out the nature of the thing. It was an amazingly large patch of sea that it churned, and, though the unbroken immensity of the space we were the center of gave us little for compari-THE MAN WHO WAS SAVED 627 son, we judged the area to be ap- proximately that of an acre—an un- believably large expanse to show such agitation in the midst of so glassily calm a sea. "The next afternoon, just as the sun fell into the sea, splashing all our horizons with myriad tints, a huge whale went lolling by, sounding and coming up with great jets of water cascading over it. I watched with the glasses as it drove powerfully through the water, peacefully taking its time. Suddenly, however, it changed. It displayed signs of con- fusion, of alarm. First it turned one way, then another, cutting about sharply—and then I very distinctly heard it give a groan of anguish. It was a heart-breaking sound—the cry of a great, helpless animal in mortal distress. Immediately afterward the water surrounding it broke into its daily wild disorder, and the leviathan seemed gripped by a force it could not escape. It struggled violently, throwing its huge bulk about with fu- tile effort. Greater and greater the melee became, and then, suddenly, the whale was still. "We looked at one another, fright in our eyes. It was tremendous, aw- ful. And then, as we looked again out there, the wha7e lost all shape and the water became red with gore and blood as it was crashed to a pulp. In but a few minutes it was gone, ut- terly vanished from view—even the bloodiness of the water cleared—the whirling and splashing ceascd, and the sun went down on a still sea. All of us were speechless. It was the most dreadful thing any of us had ever seen.” The speaker paused in his narra- tive, shaken by the memory of what he had related. The captain and his officers looked at one another with veiled skepticism. The doctor raised an eyebrow. There seemed no doubt of it; the man was insane. Presently he went on with his wild- ly impossible yam. His listeners were attentive, but secretly unbeliev- ing. In time, it was hoped, he might regain his mental balance. In the meanwhile- ‘ ‘ To say that we were shaken would not be half expressing our state of mind. It was so inexplicable, so wildly preposterous! I was for getting away as soon as possible, and so were several of the others. But the rest were keen to learn what the thing was. And, to settle any argu- ment, the calm held unbroken and the motor continued in disrepair, despite our efforts over it. “For three days, then, the thing did not come to the surface. We had decided that it was some sort of deep- sea creature, some gargantuan mon- ster that came out of the vast depths of the ocean to feed. But we had never heard of such a thing, save in stories of early navigators’ supersti- tions. We hesitated to bel eve the thing we had seen—we were afraid to believe it! “It was now that fear came to us. Hitherto we had been curious, idly speculative, and inclined to laugh. Now our thoughts were interrupted by premonitions of disaster. Flying fish, as they flashed from the surface and splashed into the water about us, startled; and porpoises blundering into our vicinity brought us all on deck. At night, a lost puff of breeze, slatting the rigging against the sails, startled us into alarmed awakening. And though the same subject of pos- sible danger from the unknown out of the deep occupied the mind of each of us, it was never spoken of. But there was in the air a chilling presence of dread. “I believe we would have left that place had we been ab’e. For the memory of the fate of the whale was ever vivid in our minds. Following the death of the whale, the monster did not rise, however, for three days,628 WEIRD TALES as I have said. This gave us some sense of relief, but it was on that third day that the great tragedy oc- curred. “I was occupied with fitting a new seat to the dory, whieh was swung up on deck, and the others were idling, making bets as to the quarter in which the creature would next ap- pear, or if we should see it again. "I was startled by a scream from one of the men, and immediately after followed the sound of churning water —a sound whieh sent the very essence of dread all through me and cowed my soul. Somehow I knew we were in the midst of the monster’s rise to the surface. I stood and looked over the side. There was a horrible mass of pulsating green matter—a revolt- ing substance that had no definite form, and yet was solid—a writhing, heaving island of the stuff. “Even as I looked it surged up from the water and rolled over the side of the schooner, turning over on itself, slithering and cascading on the deck. Every one of us was fran- tic. Some rushed for the after cabin, but they were cut off by a slimy arm that slid across their path. It spread and lifted with terrorizing rapidity. Two of the men tried to climb a mast; Bob Henry raced toward the bow and fell. An instant later he was covered with the gruesome matter, even be- fore he had a chance to cry out, and was hidden from sight. Hardly knowing what I did, I turned the dory over on myself, dragging Mark Whittmore, the nearest man to me, under with me. Fortunately I had removed all the seats, and there was just room for the two of us as we lay prone. “Then came darkness and an in- conceivably foul odor of decay as the monster mass pushed itself over the dory — a suffocating, interminable dai’ltness, while we were cramped un- der that flat-bottomed boat, scarce daring to think, even, of the horror that crawled over us. When we thought our lungs would burst for the want of fresh air, light came under the dory once more, and gradually the slithering, churning, swishing of that thing which had boarded us ceased. For a long while, however, we were too frightened to move, but finally our concern for the fate of our com- panions compelled us to lift the dory. “The sky glowed with the last rays of the setting sun, and the sea slept beneath it, undisturbed. But the decks of the Scudder were wet with a yel- low-green, malodorous slime, and si- lence hung like a pall over the ship. “We called. There was no answer —not even the mockery of an echo. With consternation seizing us we rushed into the afterhouse, but it was without a person in it. In a panic we ran to the forecastle, and it, too, was suggestively deserted. And nowhere on that ship did we find a soul. Every man, except ourselves^, had dis- appeared. That thing”—his voice broke, and again into his face came that haunting pain—“that thing had got them allt” For a while he paused, making strong effort to overcome his rising emotion, and the fear that memory brought him. The listeners looked away and were silent; and presently they heard his voice, firmly continu- ing the tale. “You can not conceive of the ter- ror whieh descended on us after that frightful discovery. Aimlessly, dazed- ly we searched the vessel through and through, but we were the only men aboard the Scudder. It was a fact that we had to face, but could not bring ourselves to believe. “Night came quickly, and the moon and stars stared coldly down on us. We decided at length that to remain on the ship would be suicidal, for the calm still hung over the water like a dead thing, and the thought of the unspeakable thing that lived some- where beneath us was appalling. SoTHE MAN WHO WAS SAVED 629 we fitted the dory with water and food, and rowed away in the night from that ill-fated ship. "Then there came interminable days of torture under a malignant sun, and nights of terror of what might lurk in the waters around us. And one morning I awoke to find my- self alone in the dory. The day be- fore Mark had talked of insanity, and I believe that he could not face the possibility. "Now I attained the utmost in de- spair. I was, I believe, too shocked to think clearly, or I, too, might have gone over the side. From the morn- ing of that discovery, until you picked me up, I was in a coma. Of the passage of time I do not recall. "And such is my story, gentlemen. You may find it hard to believe. I find it difficult, myself, and wonder, sometimes, if it is not an insane con- ception of diseased imagination. I wish it were. But I am tormented with the reality.” '“pHE Pacific Belle held her west- ward course for Manila. The story of the man who had been saved spread among the crew, where it was hotly debated, and quite generally ac- cepted. The officers of the ship, how- ever, avoided the subject, and par- ticularly before the stranger it was never mentioned. But one morning, just at dawn, a derclict schooner was sighted. The captain, awakened, ordered the Pa- cific Belle hove to while investigation was made. With closer inspection and increasing light it was made out to be the Scudder, of San Francisco. The man who had been saved was called. "Yes!” he cried. "Yes! That’s the boat—our schooner. But-” He drooped, swayed. The mate caught him and called one of the crew. "Take him to his cabin,” he said, "and keep him thei’e.” Investigation corroborated the statements the stranger had made. Furthermore, the Scudder’s papers proved beyond doubt that the man they had aboard came from her. And since there was nothing to indicate that anything else could have possi- bly driven the men from the ship, their strange passenger’s story as- sumed a verity that even the officers reluctantly admitted. A short consultation decided the fate of the Scudder. Left as she was, derelict, she would have become a serious menace to shipping, and pos- sible salvage value did not warrant the long tow into port. Dynamite was placed amidships and set off. With a splintering crash the Scud- der heaved upward and outward, and plunged into the deeps of the ocean. The Pacific Belle continued on her way. . Later in the day the captain stud- ied his charts. "Do you think,” he asked the mate, at length, "that there is really anything in the fellow’s story?” The mate shrugged. "Such things,” he answered readily, "don’t happen. He’s off, that’s all. All the men were gone from the Scudder, yes, but I’d hate to accept such an explanation for it.” "The water in this part of the ocean, mister,” the captain slowly said, "is five miles deep—as deep as the tallest mountain is high. It’s barely possible that there’s a lot about things out here that we don’t know, or even remotely suspect. How- ever-” That night, after the swollen moon went down, and after all slept, save the watches and the man who had come aboard from out of the ocean, the Pacific. Belle plunged into stark, brief terror. The stranger, affected by again see- ing the Scudder, had been unable to sleep. After hours of restlessness, he630 WEIRD TALES had gone to the bows, where he stared dully across the water. As he stood there, slowly, almost imperceptibly, he felt himself to be afraid. An odor had come to him, an odor which brought to his mind the hor- ror of his last day aboard the Scud- der—the sickening, decay-laden odor of the monster from the deep. Then he listened with super-intent ears, and above the vessel’s vibration he caught a sound of churning, swirling water. He screamed with a loudness that awoke everyone on the Pacific Belle as he recognized these things— a scrcam that brought everyone to his feet, anticipating calamity. He turned from the prow and ran in stumbling haste across the deck and up the ladder to the bridge. The mate was there, alarmed at the cry of horror. “Mister,” he gasped, his mouth dry with panic, "mister ! The thing —the monster! Stop the ship! Re- verse her, for God’s sake!” The mate laughed with relief as he recognized the man. He had been in dread of something terrible, and it was only another fit. "Come, now, old boy!” he said in an effort to comfort. "Better quiet down a bit, don’t-” With another terrible scream the fellow was gone from the bridge. Jerking a preserver from the rail, he leaped free of the Pacific Belle. "Man overboard!” The mate had seen him disappear and gave the alarm as he ran to the bridge controls. But before lie reached them the speed of the Pacific Belle slackened abrupt- ly, as though it had fouled the meshes of a gigantic net; and then it lost headway altogether. A bright, eery glow of phosphorescent green lighted the water in a vast area, suddenly bursting into a lurid brilliance which caught the vessel out of the night and revealed its helplessness to the stars. The glowing green mass surged sweepingly toward the vessel, piled against it, rolled over it, clinging to its sides, flooding its decks. Men who had come out to investigate the shout- ing and confusion frantically rushed below deck, barricading ports and doors behind them. On his bridge the captain sent useless messages to the engine room. The ship could not move. Then, slowly, inexorably, as the brilliance of the phosphorescent light lessened, the great mass which was its source began to sink. Gradually it settled, carrying the Pacific BeUe, fair-sized steamer though she was, down with it. The waves closed over the ship’s main deck, touched and submerged the bridge, poured down the funnels, sending clouds of steam hissing into the air, and finally even the tops of the masts disappeared. There had been no time for a wire- less message, but a message would have been futile. Again the waters calmed, but after a half-hour they were tom for a few minutes by a great rush of bubbles to the top, following the caving in, from depth pressure, of the Pacific Belle’s bulkheads. But after that the surface was never more disturbed by the Pacific Belle. Microcosmic in a terrifying vast- ness of water, a man floated on a preserver, in the path of a liner that later picked him up. And, as he slowly realized the irony of his second escape, he sobbed with futile pity for himself.Bat's “The rock jtave way, and I found myself to a vault with about a score of skeletons.” THE following letter was found among the papers of the late Sir Harry Everett Barclay of Charing Cross, London. June 10, 1925. My dear Mare:— Having received no answer to my card, I can only surmise that it did not reach you. I am writing from my summer home here on the moor, a very secluded place. I am fondling the hope that you will give me a pleasant surprize by dropping in on me soon (as you hinted you might), for this is just the kind of house that would intrigue you. It is very simi- lar to the Baskerville home which Sir Arthur Conan Doyle describes in his Hound of the Baskervilles. Vague rumors have it that the place is the abode of evil spirits, which idea I promptly and emphatically pooh- poohed. You know that in the spir- itual world I am but slightly inter- ested, and that it is in wizardry that I delight. The thought that this quiet little building in the heart of Eng- land’s peaceful moors should be the home of a multitude of evil spirits seems very foolish to me. However, the surroundings are exceedingly healthful and the house itself is part- ly an antique, which arouses my in- terest in archeology. So you see there is enough to divert my attention from these foolish rumors. Leon, my valet, is here with me and so is old Morti- mer. You remember Mortimer, who always prepared such excellent bach- elor dinners for us ? I have been here just twelve days, and I have explored this old house from cellar to garret. In the latter I brought to light an aged trank, which I searched, and in which I found nine old books, several of whose title pages were torn away. One of the books, which I took to the small garret window, I finally distinguished632 WEIRD TALES as Dracula by Bram Stoker, and this I at once decided was one of the first editions of the book ever printed. At the cessation of the first three days a typical English fog descended with a vengeance upon the moor. At the first indication of this prank of the elements, which threatened com- pletely to obscure the beautiful weather of the past, I had hauled out all the discoveries I had made in the garret of this building. Bram Stok- er’s Dracula I have already men- tioned. There is also a book on the Black Art by De Rochas. Three books, by Orfilo, Swedenborg, and Cagliostro, I have laid temporarily aside. Then there are also Strind- burg’s The Inferno, Blavatsky’s Se- cret Doctrine, Poe’s Eureka, and Flammarion’s Atmosphere. You, my dear friend, may well imagine with what excitement these books filled me, for you know I am inclined toward sorcery. Orfilo, you know, was but a chemist and physiologist; Sweden- borg and Strindburg, two who might be called mystics; Poe, whose Eureka did not aid me much in the path of witchcraft, nevertheless fascinated me; but the remaining five were as gold to me. Cagliostro, court magi- cian of France; Madame Blavatsky, the priestess of Isis* and of the Occult Doctrine; Dracula-, with all its vam- pires; Flammarion’s Atmosphere, with its diagnosis of the Gods of peo- ples; and De Rochas, of whom all I can say is to quote from August Strindburg’s The Inferno, the follow- ing: "I do not excuse myself, and only ask the reader to remember this fact, in case he should ever feel in- clined to practise magic, especially those forms of it called wizardry, or more properly witchcraft: that its reality has been placed beyond all doubt by De Rochas.” Truly, my friend, I wondered, for I had good reason to do so, what man- ner of man had resided here before my coming, who should be so fasci- nated by Poe, Orfilo, Strindburg, and De Rochas—four different types of authors. Fog or no fog, I determined to find out. There is not another dwelling near here and the nearest source of information is a village some miles away. This is rather odd, for this moor does not seem an unde- sirable place for a summer home. I stored the books away, and after in- forming my valet of my intentions to walk some miles to the village, I start- ed out. I had not gone far, when Leon decided to accompany me, leav- ing Mortimer alone in the fog-sur- rounded house. Leon and I established very little in the town. After a conversation with one of the grocers in the village, the only communicative person that we accosted, we found that the man who had last occupied the house was a Baronet Lohrville. It seemed that the people held the late baronet in awe, for they hesitated to speak of him. This grocer related a tale con- cerning the disappearance of four girls one dark night some years ago. Popular belief had and still has it that the baronet kidnaped them. This idea seems utterly ludicrous to me, for the superstitious villagers can not substantiate their suspicions. By the way, this merchant also informed us that the Lohrville home is called the "Bat’s Belfry”. Personally I can see no connection between the resi- dence and the ascribed title, as I have not noticed any bats around during my sojourn here. My meditations on this matter were rudely interrupted by Mortimer, who complained of bats in the cellar—a rather queer coincidence. He said that he continually felt them brush- ing against his cheeks and that he feared they would become entangled in his hair. Of course, Leon and I went down to look for them, but we could not see any of them. However, Leon stated that one struck him, which I doubt. It is just possible thatBAT’S BELFRY 633 sudden drafts of air may have been the cause of the delusions. This incident, Marc, was just the forerunner of the odd things that have been occurring since then. I am about to enumerate the most impor- tant of these incidents to you, and I hope you will be able to explain them. Three days ago activities started in earnest. At that date Mortimer came to me and breathlessly informed me that no light could be kept in the cel- lar. Leon and I investigated and found that under no circumstances could a lamp or match be kept lit in the cellar, just as Mortimer had said. My only explanation of this is that it is due to the air currents in the cellar, which seem disturbed. It is true a flashlight could be kept alight, but even that seemed dimmed. I can not attempt to explain the later fact. Yesterday, Leon, who is a devout Catholic, took a few drops from a flask of holy water, which he contin- ually carries with him, and descended into the cellar with the firm intention of driving out, if there were therein cnsconced, any evil spirits. On the bottom of the steps I noticed, some time ago, a large stone tablet. As Leon came down the steps, a large drop of the blessed fluid fell on this tablet. The drop of water actually sizzled while Leon muttered some in- cantations, in the midst of which he suddenly stopped and fled precipi- tantly, mumbling that the cellar was incontestably the very entrance to hell, guarded by the fiend incarnate, himself! I confcss to you, my dear Marc, that I was astounded at this remarkable occurrence. Last n’ght, while the three of us sat together in the spacious drawing room of this building, the lamp was blown out. I say "blown out” be- cause there is no doubt that it was, and by some superhuman agency. Thore was not a breath of air stirring outside, yet I, who was sitting just across from the lamp, felt a cool draft. No one else noticed this draft. It was just as if someone directly op- posite me had blown forcibly at the lamp, or as if the wing of a powerful bird had passed by it. There can be no doubt there is something radically wrong, in this house, and I am determined to find out what it is, regardless of conse- quences. (Here tlve letter terminates abrupt- ly, as if it were to he completed, at a later date.) The two doctors bending over the body of Sir Harry Barclay in Lohrville Manor at last ceased their examinations. "I can not account for this as- tounding loss of blood, Dr. Mor- daunt. ’ ’ "Neither can I, Dr. Greene. He is so devoid of blood that some super- natural agency must have kept him alive!” He laughed lightly. "About this loss of blood—I was figuring on internal hemorrhages as the cause, but there are absolutely no signs of anything of the sort. Ac- cording to the expression of his fea- tures, which is too horrible for even me to gaze at-” "And me.” "- he died from some terrible fear of something, or else he wit- nessed some horrifying scene.” "Most likely the latter.” "I think we had better pronounce death due to internal hemorrhage and apoplexy. ’ ’ "I agree.” "Then we shall do so.” The physicians bent over the open book on the table. Suddenly Dr. Greene straightened up and his hand delved into his pocket and came out with a match. "Here is a match, Dr. Mordaunt. Scratch it and apply the flame to that book and say nothing to anyone.” "It is for the best.”634 WEIRD TALES Excerpts from the journal of Sir Harry E. Barclay, found beside his body in LolirvUle Manor on July 17, 1925. June 25—Last night I had a curi- ous nightmare. I dreamed that I met a beautiful girl in the wood around my father’s castle in Lancaster. With- out knowing why, we embraced, our lips meeting and remaining in that position for at least half an hour! Queer dream that! I must have had another nightmare of a different na- ture, although I can not recall it; for, upon looking in the mirror, this morn- ing, I found my face devoid of all color—rather drawn. Later—Leon has told me that he had a similar dream, and as he is a confirmed misogynist, I can not inter- pret it. Strange that it should be so parallel to mine in every way. June 29—Mortimer came to me early this morning and said he would not stay another instant, for he had certainly seen a ghost last night. A handsome old man, he said. He seemed horrified that the old man had kissed him. He must have dreamed it. I persuaded him to stay on these grounds and solemnly told him to say nothing about it. Leon remarked that the dream had returned in every particular to him the preceding night, and that he was not feeling well. I advised him to see a doctor, but he roundly refused to do so. He said, referring to the horrible nightmare (as he termed it), that tonight he would sprinkle a few drops of holy water on himself and that (he stated) would drive away any evil influence, if there were any, connected with his dreams. Strange that he should at- tribute everything to evil entities! Later—I made some inquiries to- day and I find that the description of the Baronet Lohrville fits to every de- tail the “ghost” of Mortimer’s dream. I also learned that several small chil- dren disappeared from the country- side during the life of the last of the Lohrvilles;—not that they should be connected, but it seems the ignorant people ascribe their vanishing to the baronet. June 30—Leon claims he did not have the dream (which, by the way, revisited me last night), because of the potent effect of the holy water. July 1—Mortimer has left. He says he can not live in the same house with the devil. It seems he must have actually seen the ghost of old Lohr- ville, although Leon scoffs at the idea. July 4—I had the same dream again last night. I felt very ill this morning, but was able to dispel the feeling easily during the day. Leon has used all the holy water, but as to- morrow is Sunday he will get some at the village parish when he attends mass. July 5—I tried to procure the serv- ices of another chef this morning in the village, but I am all at sea. No one in the town will enter the house, not even for one hundred pounds a week, they declare! I shall be forced to get along without one or send to London. Leon experienced a misfortune to- day. Riding home after mass, his holy water spilled almost all from the bottle, and later the bottle, containing the remainder of it, fell to the ground and broke. Leon, nonplussed, re- marked that he would get another as soon as possible from the parish priest. July 6—Both of us had the dream again last night. I feel rather weak, and Leon does, too. Leon went to a doctor, who asked him whether he had been cut, or severely injured so as to cause a heavy loss of blood, or if he had suffered from internal hemor- rhages. Leon said no, and the doctor prescribed raw onions and some other things for Leon to eat. Leon forgot his holy water.BAT’S BELFET 635 July 9—The dream again. Leon had a different nightmare—about an old man, who, he said, bit him. I asked him to show me where the man had bitten him in his dream, and when he loosened his collar to show me, sure enough, there were two tiny punctures on his throat. He and I are both feeling miserably weak. July 15—Leon left me today. I am firmly convinced that he went sud- denly mad, for this morning he evinced an intense desire to invade the cellar again. He said that some- thing seemed to draw him. I did not stop him, and some time later, as I was engrossed in a volume of Wells, he came shrieking up the cellar steps and dashed madly through the room in which I sat. I ran after him and, cornering him in his room, forcibly detained him. I asked for an expla- nation and all he could do was moan over and over. "Mon Dieu, Monsieur, leave this accursed place at once. Leave it, Monsieur, I beg of you. Le diable -le diable!” At this he dashed away from me and ran at top speed from the house, I after him. In the road I shouted after him and all I could catch of the words wafted back to me by the wind, were: “Lamais -le diable-Mon Dieu-tablet -Book of Thoth.” All very signif- icant words, "Le diable” and “Mon Dieu”—“the devil” and "my God” —I paid little attention to. But La- mais was a species of female vampire known intimately to a few sclect sor- cerers only, and the Book of Thoth was the Egyptian book of magic. For a few minutes I entertained the rath- er wild fancy that the Book of Thoth was ensconced somewhere in this building, and as I racked my brains for a suitable connection between “tablet” and Book of Thoth I at last became convinced that the book lay beneath the tablet at the foot of the cellar steps. I am going down to in- vestigate. <!fULY 16—I have it! The Book of J Thoth! It was below the stone tablet as I thought. The spirits guard- ing it evidently did not wish me to disturb its resting place, for they roused the air currents to a sem- blance of a gale while I worked to get the stone away. The book is secured by a heavy lock of antique pattern. I had the dream again last night, but in addition I could almost swear that I saw the ghosts of old Lohrville and four beautiful girls. What a co- incidence! I am very weak today, hardly able to walk around. There is no doubt that this house is infested not by bats, but by vampires! Lamais! If I could only find their corpses I would drive sharp stakes through them. Later—I made a new and shocking discovery today. I went down to the place where the tablet lay, and an- other rock below the cavity wherein the Book of Thoth had lain gave way below me and I found myself in a vault with about a score of skeletons —all of little children! If this house is inhabited by vampires, it is only too obvious that these skeletons are those of their unfortunate victims. However, I firmly believe that there is another cavern somewhere below, wherein the bodies of the vampires are hidden. Later—I have been looking over the book by De Rochas and I have hit upon an excellent plan to discover the bodies of the vampires! I shall use the Book of Thoth to summon the vampires before me and force them to reveal the hiding place for their vo- luptuous bodies! De Rochas says that it can be done. Nine o'clock—As the conditions are excellent at this time 1 am going to start to summon the vampires. Some- one is passing and I hope ho or she does not interrupt me in my work or tell anyone in the town to look in here. The book, as I mentioned be- fore, is secured by a heavy seal, and636 WEIRD TALES I had trouble to loosen it. At last I succeeded in breaking it and I opened the book to find the place I need in my work of conjuring up the vam- pires. I found it and I am beginning my incantations. The atmosphere in the room is changing slowly and it is becoming intolerably dark. The air currents in the room are swirling an- grily, and the lamp has gone out .... I am confident that the vampires will appear soon. I am correct. There are some shades materializing in the room. They are becoming more distinct .... there are five of them, four females and one male. Their features are very distinct. . . . They are casting covert glances in my direction. . . . Now they are glaring malevolently at me. Good God* I have forgotten to place myself in a magic circle and I greatly fear the vampires will attack me! I am only too correct. They are moving in my direction. My God! .... But stay! They are halting! The old baronet is gazing at me with his glittering eyes fiery with hate. The four female vampires smile voluptu- ously upon me. Now, if ever, is my chance to break their evil spell. Prayer? But I can not pray! I am forever banished from the sight of God for calling upon Satan to aid me. But even for that I can not pray .... I am hyp- notized by the malefic leer disfiguring the countenance of the baronet. There is a sinister gleam in the eyes of the four beautiful ghouls. They glide to- ward me, arms outstretched. Their sinuous, obnoxious forms are before me; their crimson lips curved in a diabolically triumphant smile. I can not bear to see the soft cai’ess of their tongues on their red lips. I am re- sisting with all the power of my will, but what is one mere will against an infernal horde of ghouls? God! Their foul presence taints my very soul! The baronet is moving forward. His mordaeious propinqui- ty casts a reviling sensation of ob- scenity about me. If I can not appeal to God I must implore Satan to grant me time to construct the magic circle. I can not tolerate their virulence .... I endeavored to rise but I could not do so. ... I am no longer master of my own will! The vampires are leering demoniacally at me. ... I am doomed to die .... and yet to live forever in the ranks of the Undead. Their faces are approaching closer to mine and soon I shall sink into ob- livion .... but anything is better than this .... to see the malignant Undead around me. ... A sharp stinging sensation in my throat, . . . My God! .... it is—— ....1HAD mourned Paul Duval as dead until there came that mys- terious voice from out of the in- infinite. In my study is a radio receiver of more than ordinary workmanship. Not a set for amusement only, but a scientifically accurate instrument. Like most “fans” I liked to amuse myself by picking up distant stations. One night, as I idly turned the dials, I noticed the tubes grow brighter as certain markings on the dial were passed. I opened the cabinet and peered into it. Everything seemed to be in its proper position. Then, as I let the cover drop, the tubes be- gan to glow with a brilliancy which grew until it exceeded that of the elec- tric lights in the room. "Something ‘shorted’,” I thought as my hand approached the instru- ment with the intention of shutting- off the batteries. Then something happened which caused me to draw back my hand as though it had been stung. I must have sensed that no earthly station was coming through. Perhaps it was because the first word called 637638 WEIRD TALES was my name; perhaps it was because the tones that cried out from the ether were filled with a quality of sound which could come from no earthly source. Faint, vibrant, but clear came a voice: "Harry! help! help! Harry! for God’s sake help me, I am-” The words cut off in a volume of sound, unearthly squeals and cries. My hand darted to the dial, but as I touched it the lights resumed their former brilliancy and I could hear nothing. Unnerved and exhausted, I sank back into my chair. The voice had been that of Paul Duval—from the Other Side. He had called on me, his best friend, to help him, and—God in heaven!—I was helpless! How long I sat I do not know. Dimly, I remember I heard the tele- phone ring and heard Janisch, my man, answer it. The first part of the conversation made no impression on me. Then he said, "Well, yes,” reluctantly, “Dr. Chaptel is here, but he has left in- structions not to be called. ’ ’ A pause. “Oh! this is Baird’s Sanitarium? Very well. I’ll see if he’ll speak to you.” Janisch did not eall me, though. Hardly were the last words out of his mouth when I snatched the receiver from his hand. Baird’s was where Duval’s body was confined. "Yes! Yes! What is it?” I de- manded impatiently. "Is this Dr. Chaptel?” came a voice. “It is. What do you want?” "Dr. Baird asked me to tell you Paul Duval has overpowered his guard and escaped.” “Are you sure?” I queried faintly. The reply left no doubt. The at- tendant had heard a persistent tap- ping in Duval’s cell. After a time, thinking it strange, he had opened the door to investigate, only to have the body bear him down in a moment. Before the man could collect his wits, Duval had somehow managed to es- cape. The guard could not be blamed, for the patient had never shown any signs of violence, and was consequent- ly rated as harmlessly insane. “What are you doing about it?” "We have a party of attendants looking for him and have notified the police. As soon as we hear anything, we’ll let you know.” A word of explanation is due those who are not familiar with the weird experiment which Duval suc- cessfully performed. He had discov- ered a ray which made the disem- bodied spirit bodies visible. Into the influence of this ray had come Mar- guerite, a girl he had loved, but who had died. Seeing her there, beautiful, angel-like in the light of the beam, he had become possessed of an irre- sistible longing to be with her. She had stretched her arms out to him. Down the path of the ray he had gone to meet her. He reached the phantom shape. Into her arms he had been clasped. She kissed him, and Duval’s body slumped to the floor. A moment later I saw his soul arise from his body, and walk, arm in arm, through the screen by which Marguerite had come, into the Great Beyond. But Duval was not dead! When I had shut off the power and rushed to his side, I found his body alive. The soul, the intelligent part of his being, had gone from his body, but that body continued to breathe and other- wise perform the functions of life. What remained was mere unintelli- gent clay, animated by the spark of life. It was Duval’s body, but not Duval. The part that was the real Paul did not inhabit its fleshly dwell- ing. That dwelling, that part which was left, was what men term an idiot. Do you wonder at my surprize that this body had suddenly become ani- mated; that it should attack a man,QUEEN OF THE VORTEX 639 when for several years it had even to be fed ? For five years I had con- fined it in Baird’s Sanitarium, diag- nosed as having a progressively de- teriorating dementia. And now- Expecting a sleepless night, I final- ly went to bed. In spite of ex- pectations, however, sleep overtook me; broken by dreams vague but ter- rible. Perhaps Duval’s escape, com- ing so closely upon the voice, had filled my mind with half-formed hor- rors. Or it may have been my sub- conscious reactions to the presenti- ments which weighed upon my con- scious mind. Perhaps, without know- ing it, I was being prepared for what was to follow. I awoke with a start. I knew I had been dreaming, but I knew it had not been a dream which awak- ened me. For a moment I did not know what it was. Moonlight was flooding the room. Nothing seemed amiss. Then I saw it. Perhaps a slight creaking of the door had disturbed my slumbers. It was slowly swinging inward. I watched it, fascinated. It opened wider. A head was thrust into the room. The hair on it was wildly awry. There was a bloody scratch down one cheek. The eyes had a fixed, a set look, like those in the head of a dead man. But they were not sightless, for they rested on me for a moment with a gaze that sent quiv- ering fright through my body. Then the mouth widened in a terrible leer. With this, the fetters which bound me fell away, and I started to my feet. With the suddenness of a mis- sile launched from a catapult, the body followed the head into the room with a terrific leap which sprawled me back on the bed. I tried to fight the Thing off with my hands, but fin- gers of dreadful power caught my wrists, holding them fast. As the grotesquely twisted face was thrust into mine, I saw it was Du- val’s. But how changed from the old Duval! I noticed the creature, even as it held me, seemed trying to say something—to reassure me. But the vocal cords refused to form the words and the result was an unintelli- gible mumble. Duval seemed to realize, at last, that I could not understand. An awful despair came into his face. The fingers tightened until it seemed my wrist bones would shatter under the pressure. Then the features relaxed, and I was drawn to my feet. Powerless to resist, I was half car- ried, half dragged to the living room. He threw me heavily into a chair and turned away. As an automaton, he approached my radio and threw in the switch. The tubes grew bright. He carefully fixed the dials in a cer- tain position. Without a word or ges- ture of warning, he dropped to the floor. Instantly, the light in the tubes grew brighter and a voice came from the set. "It’s all right, Harry,’’ Duval’s voice again; "I had to get in com- munication with you some way, and couldn’t chance waiting for you ac- cidentally to set the dials again.” "But — but, where are you?” I asked inanely. "On the Other Side,” he answered with a tinge of bitterness in his voice. "Well, why are you — how did -?” I began, a hundred questions at once swirling in my brain, clamor- ing for utterance. "Don’t make me explain now, old man. I am in danger, subject at any moment to attack from a force of which you have not the faintest con- ception. I want to return to life, to get back to my body, which, God help me, I left, but powerful influences are at work to keep me back. Harry! I can get back only with your help. Will you give it?” "But—but why don’t you rejoin your body? You were in it just now.”640 WEIRD TALES "Not ih it, Harry. Just animating it witli a very imperfect control. But don’t waste time. I am not in rapport with the Second Cycle now, but may be at any moment. In other words, I am not observed now. When I am I shall have to stop.” This last significantly. "Go ahead, then.” I was begin- ning to recover my mental stability somewhat by now. Had I known what was in store, I should not have told him ttf "go ahead” so boldly. “Listen then! Get the old appa- ratus. Set it up the best you can. You may do this from my notes, if you can unscramble them. Set it up in this room. I can get you through this set, if you need anything ex- plained. With the ray operating, and with your help, I believe I can get back. “Get this carefully. Success may depend on it. Communication through the radio must not be disturbed, so do not touch it. A slight movement will throw it out of tune. And what- ever you do-” The voice stopped, was drowned out by an infernal screeching from the receiver. Then his voice again. "Don’t Change the dials, Harry. Don’t change the dials. My God! I believe they are taking me to the Vortex! Don’t change the dials,— and watch my body. Don’t change— a-a-a-a-ahhh—:—” The despairing words changed to a hellish scream which drowned thought. A sound behind me. I turned in time to dodge a blow from the again-animated body of Duval. He did not attempt it again, but started toward the radio with the evi- dent intention of doing something to it. With Duval’s last words ringing in my ears, the idea came to me that he, least of all, would wish the set interfered with. The thought came to me it was not Duval in control this time. With the thought came action. I leaped at the body. I crumpled it to the floor just as the hands would have touched the instrument. Janisch came in answer to my frantic cries, and together we succeeded in over- coming the man, who did not seem to have the strength he had when I was attacked. As soon as we had subdued it the body relaxed and was again the su- pine, inert mass of flesh which for five years had been the only earthly part of Duval. Then the warning. From the set came a new voice, beautiful in its con- tralto cadences, sinister in its blood- chilling tones. “Do not meddle in this, mortal. Beware what you do. I, Tasmari, Queen of the Vortex, sister of Bari, who is ruler of the Second Cycle, have spoken.” Several days passed. Yet no voice came from the radio. Duval’s body remained inert, and I passed the time in feverish anxiety. Not daring to leave the set unguarded, for fear some malignant entity might control the body of Duval and wreck the in- strument beyond all hope of further communication, I had watched it con- tinually, snatching such sleep as I could in the room with the set; plac- ing Janisch on guard when physical exhaustion drove me to rest. But I had not been idle. All of Duval’s apparatus had been brought to my study, and with the aid of his old note-books, I had begun the task of re-assembling the projectors. I knew I must get it together. Whether I could or not, I did not know. It might be well here to recall the principle which Duval had discov- ered. Beginning with the known facts that matter and energy are in- destructible, he reasoned that intelli- gence was something apart from either, a force which could not be de- stroyed. In its nature, if the hypoth- esis it could not be destroyed were correct, it must retain its character asQUEEN OF THE VORTEX 641 intelligence, and hence have a definite entity. Experiments had led him to believe the soul was of a definite composition, too tenuous for the eye of man to be- hold. He reasoned further, that could he but make all the known rays of light visible to the eye, the total re- flection from this unknown substance would render the soul perceptible. His experiments had carried him farther and farther until at last he had achieved success. With the aid of his wonderful ray and a screen against which he projected it, he was able finally to bring actual disem- bodied entities into view as long as they remained in the path of the ray and in front of the screen. The rest has been recorded. What he had done, what had happened to him beyond the pale, I had never known. Now he was calling on me to bring him back. I wanted to succeed, to help, but I was fearful, fearful of something. Maybe a prescience of future terror, maybe of admission we were delving into that of which no man should enquire. npHE day had come. I 16oked upon the machine, assembled from the notes Duval had left. Time after time I had come upon obstacles which it seemed I could not surmount. Again and again I had called upon Duval to instruct me. I was half mad at times. But the voice had not come again, and the silence mocked me. You may imagine with what feel- ings, with what fears, I at last threw in the switch which controlled the projectors. Janisch, whom I had taken into my confidence, stood be- side me. Would disembodied spirits be seen once more in the pale light of the ray ? Would Marguerite be there, —Duval ? A thin trickle of perspira- tion rolled down my forehead on to my cheeks. I found myself clenching my fists tightly. My eyes were held to the screen. Gradually the ray gained in inten- sity. The luminous screen seemed to spring into greater brightness. My eyes strained for the first sight of the little pinpoints of light which would herald the materialization of spirits. My ears were attuned for the first faint bell-like sound, such as had an- nounced the advent of Marguerite. The screen was a riotous thing of color, light and shadow. Then, as a meteor appears piercing the atmospheric envelope of the earth, the first tiny pinpoint appeared. A few more—then more. It was hap- pening as it had happened that night when Duval had materialized Mar- guerite. The points of light would arrange themselves into definite out- lines soon, and I would be assured the first step for Duval’s rescue had been successfully taken. I watched eagerly. My God! What was that? The little bells seemed ringing as before, but with a difference. They did not ring in musical cadences. They were harsh, discordant; a horror to the ears. And the little points of light! As fast as they appeared, now, they were extinguished. Those which had come first died, one by one. Died! That is the word. The impression surged over me they were being killed. I felt as though they were living things, being put to death by the agency of some malignant power. A strange conflict of some sort was waging. Desperately, I switched in more power and was rewarded for a mo- ment by seeing the little lights come faster than they died. But the ascendancy was only for a moment. Soon they were all gone. All quenched with the same deadly method. I was stunned. Failure! I turned trembling from the screen and reached for the controls. A sharp exclamation from Janisch brought my eyes back to the screen. The light and shadow played upon it, as before.642 WEIRD TALES But there was something else there; something fearful. Janiseh groaned in fright. Within the beam there had grown an awful shape—awful in the sense of impressive power it gave. From its shadowy face, brilliant eyes bored into my soul. They fastened them- selves on my brain. I was going. My very ego was being tom from the body it inhabited. Came a brilliant flash; momentary darkness and the sense of being borne through space immeasurable with the speed of a fleeting comet. My eyes were tightly closed, until I became aware of a terrific light shining in my face. Slowly I unclosed my lids. What I saw would have un- seated my reason, had such a thing been possible. I was peering through a sort of doorway, which had a fa- miliar appearance to me. I recog- nized it as the framework of the screen, but I was on the reverse side! The beam was projected toward me, while near the controls, to one side of the machine, I saw Janiseh hysteri- cally working over a prone figure, which I knew at once to be mine. I leaped up, dashed back into the screen crying: "Janiseh, Janiseh. don’t turn off the ray. I’m coming back.” I tried to act as I had spoken, but a wave of irresistible force drew me back, and my last sight was a glimpse of Jan- isch’s startled face as he looked in my direction. I gazed wildly about me, but could see nothing, except the vague, golden light which covered everything. A feeling of utter helplessness swept over me. What could I do? Where could I go? With an effort I obtained control over myself. I had been let in for something, I knew not what, and I suspected it would not be pleasant, but better to meet it resolutely than bound in the fetters of fear. I shouted. In answer came a rip- ple of low mocking laughter. Seem- ing to come from nowhere, she ap- peared. It was, distinct now to my sight, the figure I had vaguely seen in the beam. The eyes were no longer terrible, though they were cold and chilled as the Arctic snows. They were set in a forehead of flawless beauty. A pale and noble forehead; correctly proportioned and flawless nose: slightly tinted cheeks and de- liciously curved lips. Her figure was beautiful and devoid of clothing— enough to make the red blood flow swiftly through the veins of any man, but on me, at that time, she produced not the slightest emotion other than that of admiration for her beauty. In this plane, fleshly instincts do not exist. As I gazed at her in wonder, the lips curved into a cool smile, and she said: "You were told not to meddle, mortal.” "Where am I?” I asked, choosing to disregard her statement. "In the Second Cycle.” "And you?” • "I am Tasmari,” she replied haughtily. "Tasmari, the owner of the warn- ing voice,” went through my mind and I stepped backward somewhat hastily. She noticed my movement and smiled at me with contempt. That smile made me ashamed of myself, somehow, and more,—it caused a hot resentment to pass over me. Who was she, spirit, angel, or demon, to assume an air of superiority to me? I was also a free spirit. Fear dropped from me, and from that time on I do not believe I felt it—at least not fear of the powers of the Second Cycle, though there is nothing repre- hensible in fearing Bari and Tasmari, and the tremendous power they con- trol. "Then, Tasmari, where is Paul Du- val?” I shot at her.QUEEN OF THE VORTEX 643 "Where you can not reach him.” "Then you are going to tell me where he is and how to reach him,” I angrily cried as I stepped threaten- ingly toward her. "Stay where you are!” command- ingly. "Tell me where Duval is, or I’ll -” I stopped. Tasmari’s face grew terrible with anger and once again those eyes found mine. I sud- denly felt weak and ill. I was held immovable in some power. She seemed to be receding from me. Pres- sure was exerted on me from every direction. Strange sensations pulsed over me in waves. Then her lips parted once more in a mocking smile and the pain left me. She seemed near me again, in her former position. "Know, Harry Chaptel, that such as you may not threaten the Queen of the Vortex. That was but a small sample of the awful power I wield. Have you learned a lesson ? ’ ’ I did not reply, but I cast my eyes to the ground, not caring to give her another opportunity to use her weap- ons against me. "Ah! You fear me! That is good —and safe,” she sneered. "No, I do not fear you.” The an- gry cloud began to form on her face again and I set myself to resist her, but her face cleared. ‘ * Better that you did. But, remem- ber this, Harry Chaptel, I charge you to communicate with no other until you have been before the Council. Beware of speaking to others.” With that she was gone, leaving me to stare rather stupidly at the spot where she had stood.' I understood later, in this place where all is thought, that the entities are where they will themselves to be. Had I known it, I could have brought my- self into the presence of Tasmari again by the mere act of concentrat- ing my thought upon her. But I did not know it, and besides I had no wish to see her again. Up TO' now, I had had no opportu- nity to look about me. I cast my eyes around and was disappointed. There was nothing anywhere except, the golden light I have mentioned. No streets of gold. No angel choirs. Nothing which we are told may be expected on the Other Side. Where were the wonderful mansions 1 I tried to picture in my mind just what I had expected to see. In the distance there now appeared a wondrous city. High-walled and many-towered it reared itself in splendor before my sight. From out its gates a resplendent host was pour- ing, while from the direction of the city came the sound of beautiful mu- sic, angel voices. As the rays of the setting sun send streamers of light upward into the clouds, so did the walls and towers shoot a glory of radiance interminably into the vast- ness above the scene. The glory of heaven, as I had pictured it, unfolded itself to me. Never believing the stories of ac- cepted belief concerning heaven, I had nevertheless considered them beautiful. In spite of unbelief, of agnosticism, there are these pictures in the mind of every man. They are drawn by the imagination, and are a part of us whether we realize it or not. Since Duval had proved the exist- ence of the ego after death, these thoughts had been much plainer. I had often speculated on what the Other Side would be like, and ma- tured intellect could not banish the pictures placed in my mind during my childhood years. Then here was the City of Gold. Its hosts of angels, archangels, ser- aphim and cherubim, pouring from its jeweled gates, encircling its ma- jestic towers. But the angel faces grew suddenly dim, and the Eternal City vanished from before me. A sullen red cloud grew in its place, and instead of the644 WEIRD TALES singing I now heard the screechings of the damned. Brilliant flashes of jagged flame rent the cloud and there burst upon me a hellish horde. They gibbered and screamed with a hate I could feel. They were evil, the army of Satan. Shouldering its way through the horrible throng came a hideous monster, who looked at me with evil triumph. It was the same that had preceded Marguerite in the ray on the first night of Duval’s ex- periment. It was the soul of a de- generate murderer, she had informed Duval. As I remembered this, it came to me that each of the horrors I was beholding was the soul of some- one who had previously existed in life. The evil they had let into their souls had made monsters of them. Was this to be my fate? They pressed closer upon me. Sin and evil emanated from them in reek- ing, soul-scorching blasts. I felt my- self filled with unholy thoughts, terri- ble desires. Only with an effort did I withstand the almost irresistible temptation to partake of their sinful debaucheries, to join with them in sinfulness. They surrounded me on every side. "My God! my God!” I cried. "Is there no one to help*me?” At the sound of the Name, they fell back as in fear, thrusting out their hands as if to ward off a blow. They stayed thus for perhaps a heart’s beat, then came swarming back to me again. Not to be denied this time, they beat me down with the evil of their thought. They confused me with a maelstrom of horrible de- sires sent from their beings to mine. I was about to perish. My soul was to lose itself in the hideousness of sin. Penetrating the babel about me came the sound of tiny bronze bells. The monsters ceased their efforts to- ward me and looked uneasily about. The sound became plainer, and its music fell upon my tortured soul with the divine blessedness of a prayer. The circle opened outward, and through it came Marguerite. The monsters retired hastily, but did not depart. Gathered in the distance they watched, sullenly. Though I should have felt a grate- fulness toward my rescuer, I found instead that my being was filled with resentment. Throughout the years that had passed since the night Duval had left, I had always cherished within my heart a sort of hatred for this woman — a hatred born of the fact that it was she who had tempted Paul beyond the pale. Now I felt my own troubles were due, in a large measure, to her. I should not have treated her as I did, how- ever, and I offer no excuses, except— well, I was not entirely free from the evil which had just encompassed me. When I saw the monsters had with- drawn, I looked into Marguerite’s face. She met my eyes with a smile, and I returned it with a look of sul- len hatred. "So you are Marguerite?” I be- gan. "Yes,” she replied simply, per- plexed at my attitude. "Have you come here to see the fin- ish of the deviltry you began five years agof” I asked harshly. "To see—why, I came here to help you.” I laughed unbelievingly. "Besides,” haughtily, “the ‘devil- try’, as you call it, began with the mad desire of Paul to see what should have remained hidden from him.” "So that is your excuse,” I flared. “I suppose you blame him because you enticed him into this place. ’ ’ She made no reply to this, but bowed her head. "Why don’t you answer me? No reason to ask. You—you—Satan! Was there ever a creature so despi- cable?” At the sound of the name of the Prince of Darkness, Marguer-QUEEN OF THE VORTEX 645 ite shuddered as if with fear, and the horde came leaping closer. "Stop!” she cried, "there is-.” "I won’t stop. You listen to me,” I flared. "I know I can’t hurt you here, but I can tell you what you are. A fiend out of hell! A traitress! The betrayer of the man who loved you! Knowing he loved you, you used your devilish witchery to lure him here. Having him here you de- sert him. You should be cast into the nethermost pit of hell,” I screamed- At each angry word the horde had crept closer and closer. "No more,” she commanded coldly. "Would you engulf yourself again in the power of sin? Hatred has no place here—except among these,” she gestured toward the monsters. Seeing them again so close, I forced myself to be more calm. I did not want them howling around me again. "Just the same, I have spoken my thoughts,” I averred, unconsciously using a term, true in life, but out of place in the Second Cycle, where all is thought. "Then I shall say to you the truth,” she replied. "I have never deserted Paul Duval. You make ac- cusations which you can not know are true, which are not true. How little you know! "I have helped him, helped though it placed me in danger of the Vortex. If Bari or Tasmari knew a hundredth part of what I have done, I should not be here. Some day they will burst through my isolation and learn the truth. Even now Tasmari seeks the one who tried to meet you at the ray. "Oh! if it were only myself to be considered, I would isolate myself from you with a barrier so strong that a thousand wills could not break it.” "I wish you would,” I retorted. "Leave me to get Paul out of this and I don’t care what you do.” "And if I do, will you free him?” she asked, a questioning smile on her lips. "I wiU try.” "And how will you do it? Do you know where he is?” Here she had me. I didn’t have the slightest idea as to how to pro- ceed to free Paul. It suddenly oc- curred to me I might have to have help. I looked at her more closely than I had done before. She was beautiful beyond a doubt. "So,” scornfully, "he does not know what to do. Yet he would drive away the only being in the Second Cycle who is willing to help.” " You help ? ” I ’queried. "How can you help ? ’ ’ "I am one of the Council.” "That means nothing to me. If you are willing to help, why haven’t you done so ? ” "I have. But for me, Paul could never have gotten through to you. I tried to meet you first, but Tasmari interfered, and her power is so much greater than mine. I can not help Paul more, because he has set his mind against help from me.” “Why?” suspiciously. "He loves me.” Paul still loved her after what she had done? After she had brought him to this plane? If he loved her, why did he want to return? Seem- ing to read me, she burst out impetu- ously : "Ah! Can’t you understand? Taking Paul through was such a little thing, it seemed, when I came here. Time? It doesn’t exist in the Second Cycle. So what matters it, if a being comes here early or late? It must come sometime. I did not know his coming would not be like mine, leav- ing all desires of life behind. "Paul is unhappy. Knowing he can do so much good in fife, to keep so many from becoming as these,” pointing to the horde, which was again in the distance, "he wants to646 WEIRD TALES return. Other souls have wanted to go back, but they can not. But Paul, —his body lives on. He has the op- portunity.”' It suddenly came to me that I should like to return for the same reason. I had come to realize my own life had been spent searching in the wrong channel; that I should have used my knowledge to bring about a better humanity. Sickness and pov- erty beget evil, and evil made up the horde. "Can’t we be friends, and work to- gether?” softly.. A feeling of tenderness and love welled up within me. The shutters had fallen from my eyes, and I was at last fit to be with Marguerite, to work with her. "Yes!” I replied. I glanced in tri- umph toward the horde, but they had disappeared. "Gone,” she volunteered, noticing my look of surprize. "They existed only because your thoughts called them up. Thought is all in the Sec- ond Cycle.” "The Golden City?” I asked. "Your thought also.” "Then they were not real?” ‘ ‘ Thought is the only reality there is,” she answered enigmatically. Marguerite and I stood before Paul DuVal. Instructed by her, I had concentrated my thought on him, and had found myself almost at once in his presence. He was clothed as I had last seen him, for in the Sec- ond Cycle the beings are dressed as the eye of the beholder consciously, or subconsciously, sees them. That he should be clothed as I last saw him was natural. He was suspended motionless a lit- tle above the plain on which we stood. He did not seem to see me, or to be aware of my presence. It was not until I spoke to him, and he did not answer, that I saw something was amiss. He seemed encompassed in a clear amber substance, the nature of whieh I do not to this day really know. I stretched forth my hand to touch him, but the substance prevented it. At the same instant Duval’s body seemed to be covered with a myriad of tiny golden flames. They flickered weirdly over him but did not seem to possess the quality of heat. I with- drew my hand and the flames sub- sided. I tried it again, and the fin- gers of fire flared up again, but brighter and somewhat angrily. "Oh, don’t! Don’t try to touch him!” cried the girl. "Why?” I asked stupidly. "Can’t you see he is isolated?” "Isolated?” "Yes. Tasmari isolated him for trying to communicate with you. They (she and Bari) feared he might get back to the First Cycle,—life.” “Why does this Bari want to keep him here?” "That Bari knows best. Paul has been purified by the Thought Coun- cil. When that has occurred, the soul is subject to Bari, and Bari holds what he has. ’ ’ This reminded me of what Tasmari had commanded. She had told me to speak to no one until I had been puri- fied by this Thought Council. So that was her plan? After the Coun- cil had done its work, I could be held as was Duval, and neither of us could go back. She was afraid I would learn too much. “Tasmari has commanded me to speak to no one,” I stated. “What would happen if she found me speak- ing to you?” “She would first force you before the Council. After, they would do with you as they wished, or as he wished. He is supreme. They might send you to the Vortex.” Duval had shrieked something about being carried to the Vortex, when he had talked with me over the radio. A sudden idea came to me.QUEEN OF THE VORTEX 647 "Is that the Vortex?” motioning to Paul. "No, thank God, it isn’t. The Vor- tex is—a horror. It is a maelstrom of punishing thoughts. There is no return for the soul cast in. It is a seething whirlpool of tempestuous sin. It drags you down and down and at last shatters the very entity which is you. It is death. The real death. After that there is nothing. ’ ’ "There may be a Third Cycle?” I hazarded. Her face brightened. " That is what some of us think. If there were we should not fear Bari so.” If there were? How like our own life! Always the fear of the unknown. One veil torn aside, and another be- fore us, impenetrable. Did things go on and on, or was there an end, a stopping place? Was there at last a heaven, surely a God ? Maybe the in- scrutable would unwind itself, may- be— but why speculate? My work was to get Paul Duval and myself back to life again. "What power holds Paul?” "The only one there is, the power of thought.” "If that is the case, why can’t we get Paul out of there?” "You could. I could, but it would mean punishment if I were cau?ht. I have wanted to, so much, but Paul made me promise I wouldn’t try, and has focused his thought against help from me. He has a strong will.” "Do you fear the Vortex?” I asked, with a shade of scorn, bred of my ignorance. " Yes, ” candidly. * * But that would not stop me from helping him. If I should break down the isolation, there is no place to go, and he would simply be put back into it again, and my usefulness would ,end.” "Could they put me in the—Vor- tex?” "I do not know what your status is. Maybe they could.” "Could Tasmari?” "Only if the Council has the power, and then only by its authority.” "Here goes for a try, anyhow,” I exclaimed, touching once more the mantle about Paul. "If you touch him, you will only injure him and warn Tasmari what you are about. You must concentrate your thought on him. Entwine your being with his by'thinking. You may be too weak and be drawn in with him. Be careful of-” But I did not hear the rest. I was already doing as she had instructed. I was putting my whole being into the thought that, Paul Duval was a free soul, unhampered by any bar- rier; once more by my side. At first it did not seem as though I were accomplishing anything. Then I saw one of his fingers move. Hope aroused, I set myself more sternly to the task. His eyes opened, and he saw me. Then his arm lifted. A feel- ing of joy surged through me, but it was short-lived. I was now opposed by some force. Some opposing power was grappling with my will, and at its thrust, I felt myself growing weaker. Paul’s arm fell to his side once more, and his eyes closed. I was slowly brought nearer to him. I was being "drawn in” also. The thought terrified me, and at that instant, I knew myself to be within the barrier. The little flames were licking at me now, as they had licked at Paul when I attempted to touch him. In the last effort I sent every erg of will-power remaining in me, crashing against the force which was overpowering me. It was of no avail. Things seemed afar off now, and I knew a peace which was greater than I had ever thought possible. A gray mist gath- ered before me. Suddenly it was dis- sipated by a bright flash. The force I had been fighting left, and Paul and I were together.648 WEIRD TALES I looked for Marguerite, but she was not to be seen. Somehow, I felt it was through her aid I had won. Complete silence was around us, made more profound by the ces- sation of Duval’s voice. In some manner we were being protected from Tasmari. I felt this rather than knew it, and Duval had taken advantage of the respite to tell me of conditions in the Second Cycle. Speech is not necessary there, but possible, and it was more satisfactory to hear the sound of our voices. It is strange, yet entirely logical, this story of the Second Cycle. As Duval told it, in a time past it had been found necessaiy to form the egos of the Second Cycle into some sort of organization. With so many entities, each with a freedom and power of will inconceivable to one yet in life, the Cycle had been a ver- itable chaos. It was finally decided to give one intelligence supreme power. How the selection was made is a mystery ; but the lot had fallen to Bari. He had once been the ruler of a civilization mightier than ours and so ancient as to have been lost in the records of time, in so far as those living were concerned. Conscious and subconscious thought is a part of each intelligent being, so to give Bari authority which could be enforced without the possibility of re- sistance, the egos of the Second Cycle concentrated their subconscious thought on Bari. This was possible, because in this plane each entity has full control of the elements which compose his being. The result was a force composed of the mass subcon- sciousness of the whole. Having obtained the supreme au- thority, which could have been taken away from him at any time by the co-ordinated agreement of the intelli- gences giving it, Bari made his posi- tion impregnable by forming the Thought Council. It consists of a carefully selected number of the strongest wills, favor- able to him and his policies. They exert their conscious will-power in unison with that of Bari on the sub- conscious wills of the whole. Thus, the Council, and therefore Bari, is absolute, for the conscious will con- trols the subconscious absolutely by the power of suggestion. In a meas- ure, the entire spirit body of the Sec- ond Cycle is controlled by Bari, much as a hypnotized person is controlled by the hypnotist. There are points of difference, to be sure, but unex- plainable to one in life. A rebel of the Council is easily beaten down by the subconsciousness of the whole, which Bari controls in himself. It is a sort of vicious circle. As each newcomer arrives, he is brought before the Council and there compelled to give allegiance to Bari. This means the newly arrived intel- ligence, before he knows what it is all about, is asked to unite his sub- consciousness with the mass subcon- ciousness of the Cycle. On rare occa- sions when this is refused, obedience is compelled. After Purification, so called, the new one is a part of it all, able to do nothing without the knowledge of the rest. In other words, each unit is in constant rap- port with the Cycle. The only relief from this is the individual isolation barrier each intelligence is able, de- pending upon his strength of will, to build about him. And this can be broken down, if enough will-power is exerted against it. Bari’s one weakness is real, though remote. It may happen another in- telligence may become strong enough to gather others to him. With this nucleus an organization might form which could hold the old one off long enough to gain strength to attack it. Thei'e are many beings in the Second Cycle who would fly to a new stand-QUEEN OF THE VORTEX 649 ard should one appear strong enough to aid them in again controlling their own subconsciousness. Now, if one breaks away, he is beaten in detail. The thing is a sort of divide et im- pera. This is where Duval had fallen out with Bari. Coming to the Cycle as he did, there remained a body to which he could return under proper conditions. There was nothing about it to unfit it for Duval’s fixture use, since death had never occurred. Death would, of course, make the body untenable. Therefore, Bari feared that should Duval return to life he might obtain enough followers to unseat the present ruler, when all should have crossed over to the Other Side. In spite of every obstacle which Bari and Tasmari placed before Duval, he had managed to partly free himself at times from the Cycle, with the aid of Marguerite. ' This was done by the two of them erecting a thought bar- rier against the Cycle. Marguerite had risked all in aiding him, and an unsteadiness crept into Duval’s voice as he mentioned her. Poor, loyal lit- tle soul! His life in the Cycle had been happy with her, in a way we do not understand, since sex as we know it does not exist. There is nothing base about it, but it is more the union of positive and negative qualities, soul-satisfying and pure. As for Tasmari, she was the real sister of Bari, to whom he had given a great deal of his power. She was of the Council and Queen of the Vor- tex. Duval could not tell me what the Vortex was. He had never seen it. The thing was a mystery to those in the Second Cycle, as death is to those in the First. Duval did not think there was anything sinful about it, but thought it was merely the way out. He had never seen it, but told me that only through it could the soul die. He had risked it when he got into communication with me, a for- bidden act. "We’ll have to be getting out of this,” he stated at last. "As soon as I come into the thoughts of Bari or Tasmari they will know I am out of isolation, and be down upon us.” "What shall we do?” "Is the ray operating?” "It was when I left.” "It had better be now,” he re- marked dryly. "If it isn’t, we are both in for it. It had not entered into my calculation you would come over. By the way,” as a sudden thought struck him, “why did you come ? ’ ’ I told him how it had happened. “Tasmari’s doings!” he exclaimed. “Clever, too. Don’t you see? By get- ting you here, she thinks she can keep both of us. Thinks I need help from the life side. Well, I did. We both do, if the ray has been shut off. You weren’t touched by it, were you?” “No.” "Then I am not so sure she can hold you at all. I think your case is one similar to suspended animation. I believe you can return when you will it. In my case, I left by the ray and must return through its agency. Just why, I don’t know. It must dis- tend the molecules of my flesh. I know I can’t will myself into it, for I tried. Tasmari took advantage of your concentration on the ray mo- mentarily to break your hold 011 your body and bring you through.” "How could she do that?” "Don’t waste time talking. Men in the Orient have separated their astral bodies from the flesh, for thou- sands of years. But come,” he com- manded, “we haven’t time to lose. I’ve taken up too much already tell- ing about things, but thought you should know what you are up against. “Listen carefully, Harry. You must think yourself back at the screen. At that moment our isolation barrier will break down, and we’ll650 WEIRD TALES have to work fast to build another when we get to the sereen. But as soon as we are there, believe with all your mind that Bari and Tasmari can not reach us. Do you get the idea?” I nodded. "When I say ‘three’, be at the screen. One, two, three.” It sounds almost humorous to relate this now, but I can assure you there was nothing funny about it then. At the word "three”, I found myself in exactly the posture I had been, still looking at Duval, but the projectors were throwing their rays toward us. I was furiously concen- trating to raise a barrier against Bari and Tasmari. Thank God for the ray, and for the faithfulness of Janisch, who had kept this gateway open to us. We could go back. The Second Cycle had waited too long before striking. Then from the room, carried to us on the ray, came the sound of a loud thumping. Voices were raised. Dim- ly in the background I could see our bodies, and also that which startled me to the roots of my being. Janisch was desperately trying to barricade the door of the laboratory, which was giving inward to violent attacks from without. A voice was calling, "Open, in the name of the law!” Another voice, which I recognized as Baird’s, cried out: "I tell you there is something wrong in there, officer. Break in the door.” An instant later, the door was quivering again from lusty blows rained on it. Should they get in be- fore I could recover my body, there was no foretelling what might hap- pen. Even though I could get back, the projectors might be damaged by the intruders, and that would leave Duval a captive. Janisch could never account for our bodies. Was success to be snatched from us at this last moment ? The same thought occurred to us both at the same instant. We sprang together for the screen. We won through into the room. But only for a breath. Something stopped us. It was as though we had flung ourselves into a tremendously heavy gale. We could attempt forward progress, con- tinue to move as though forward, but instead of gaining ground we were losing it. ‘ ‘ What is it ? ” I yelled at Duval. " Bari! ” he gasped. The difference of the second we had paused to look into the room had been our undoing. Bari had become aware of our escape and had instantly launched his fear- ful power to draw us back. I glanced at the place where Janisch struggled to keep the door closed. My eyes re- turned to where Paul had been, but he had vanished. The next instant I was carried back, and before I real- ized what had taken place, I found myself again by the side of Paul, look- ing into the face of one whom I knew instantly to be Bari. His eyes were fixed on mine, coldly stern in their expression, and it took a mighty ef- fort of will on my part to look away from them. Gathered about him, every face turned to his, were at least a thou- sand souls, Tasmari among them. I knew the throng for what it was, the Council of Thought. Theirs were the wills which had broken down our iso- lation barrier and drawn us hurtling back into the presence of the Ruler of the Second Cycle. Our situation was desperate. Confronted with a mighty force, the projectors endan- gered by Baird, we were indeed in a hopeless position. If we were to get back to the screen before the in- vaders broke into the laboratory, we should have to act quickly, and action seemed impossible. I looked questioningly at Paul, but his face gave me no hope. An expres- sion of resigned despair had settledQUEEN OP THE VORTEX 651 there, which deepened when Bari spoke. "Have done!” he ordered. At the command, the faces of the Council turned away from his and fastened on ours. Instantly I felt the lessened tension and a new hope was born in me, which did not die even when Bari, seeming to read my thought, said: "Bari alone can hold you now.” I had re- membered what Paul had said about my case being similar to that of sus- pended animation. In that case Bari and his Council could not prevent my returning, no matter what happened to Duval. Once on the life side, I might be able to help Paul again. "Bari can not hold me,” I ven- tured, desperately determined to bluff it as long as possible. A frown ap- peared on his face, not of anger, but of perplexity. He was not sure. My hope grew stronger. Doubt in his mind was strength in mine. To hold me he had to believe he could. If I could shake that belief- "You have broken the laws of the Second Cycle,” he charged. "I have never been under the law.” "No, but as an alien to the Cycle, you are subject to commands given you by the Council. These you have flaunted.” “The Council has given me no com- mands. ” “You have broken one command, deny it if you dare, ’' came hotly from Tasmari. Bari’s face brightened per- ceptibly. “What command, sister?” he quer- ied softly. ‘ ‘ In the name of the Council, I commanded him to speak to no one until he had been before the Coun- cil,” she replied, with a triumphant glance at me. “Then I hold you fast,” he re- joined, "and may pass sentence upon you.” I failed to see where the breaking of this command made me susceptible to the laws of the Cycle, and felt he was trying to weaken my belief, as I was trying to weaken his. And be- sides-. Then it came to me, and I took a malicious delight in making my next statement, for I felt it would hurt Tasmari. "Still you can not hold me. Even if I had received a command in the name of the Council, you could not hold me, but I have never received such an order. ’ ’ "You dare dispute my word?” challenged Tasmari angrily. "I dare tell the truth. You said ‘I charge you to communicate with no other’. Y<Ju gave it in your own name, not in the name of the Coun- cil. Of course,” turning to Bari in mock humility, "if Tasmari rules the Council, or if the Council-’ "Enough,” thundered Bari. "We admit you have broken no command of the Council. You may return, but you will forget all you have seen or heard while in the Cycle. Now you,” turning to Duval, "have broken our laws again and again. You are an incorrigible rebel. I sentence you to the Vortex.” A gasp came from Paul. I shall never want to see a spirit shaken as was his at that moment. His entire being quivered at the words. "Is there no reprieve?” he: slowly asked, at last. "None, and the sentence shall be carried out at once. Stay with us and see a spirit racked in the Vortex,” he invited me mockingly. I groaned inwardly. Not only did I want to be spared the ordeal, but time was against me. Even now, rough hands might be destroying the projectors. But there was no hope for it. I had to go. A s baei spoke the entire scene changed. We had seemed to be in a stately hall during this period of our trial. Now it vanished and a broad, level plain took its place. It652 WEIRD TALES ended abruptly in a sharp precipice. We proceeded to its very edge. Be- low, a gray mist was swirling, which seemed to sigh as it rapidly changed in contour. Little flashes of blue light intermingled with the gray, while the entire mass whirled rapidly toward a funnel-shaped center. The Vortex! Duval looked over the edge. The throng stepped back away from him, leaving him alone, the focal point of all eyes. He turned and flashed a melancholy smile at me, which he tried to make seem cheerful. "This is the end, old man. You did your best to help me.” He sighed. "My own fault, anyway. Better hurry back while you may. The time has been short and the ray in all probability is still opening the way. Good-bye.” "My God, Paul! I can’t leave you,” I cried. "There is no hope.” Then, as I still hesitated, he cried harshly: "Get out of here, you fool! Get out! Here goes,” and he crouched for his spring over the edge. I turned my head. There was a sound, as a whis- per, which ran through the multitude. I looked back and saw Duval was no longer on the edge of the chasm. No! He was running back from it, while in front of Bari was the slight figure of a woman,—Marguerite. She was speaking. "You shall not send him in, Bari.” "By what do you question the sen- tence?” "By the power of my will.” Bari drew back from her in outraged maj- esty and surprize. "You dare oppose it to—to mine?” he stammered. "Yes, to yours and the whole Coun- cil,” she answered defiantly. "Well, if you must have it, here -” grated Bari, bending those eyes, terrible with the power they con- trolled, upon her. But she did not wilt, as I expected. She remained erect before him. Duval was beside me. "Come, Harry. It’s our only chance,” he cried. "And leave her-?” wondering- ly. I had not thought Paul Duval capable of deserting one who had helped him, especially when that one was in danger. "Yes, you fool-!” "But the Vortex?” "Is not for her. She is one of the Council.” Waiting to hear no more, we again threw our wills to the screen. And only just in time. The door of the laboratory fell in, as I dashed down the path of the beam. Locating my body, I concentrated every thought on the one idea that I was in it. The next instant I was rewarded by feel- ing it around me. I tried to rise, but for a moment the gross flesh would not obey my commands. Then I staggered to my feet. Duval was within the ray, dancing about like a madman. He tried to come into the room, but was able to go no farther than the confines of the ray. There was the sound of many feet running across the room. A sick- ening smash and a cry from Janisch told me he had been struck down by our well-meaning but dangerous friends. Then the beam faded rap- idly. Someone had shut off the power. Paul was fading out with the beam. I saw him leave, then heard his voice over the radio, which had not been disturbed, thank God. In a voice he tried to make calm, but which was filled with mortal anxiety, he cried: ‘ ‘ Turn on the power. Put my body in the beam. Quick, Harry! Quick! Bari has broken Marguerite. They are beginning to pull me back.” In one jump I had thrown in the power, knocking Baird down, as he tried to stop me. With a strength I did not dream of possessing, I carried Paul’s body and threw it within theQUEEN OF THE VORTEX 653 path of the ray. He appeared in- stantly and fell on his body. For a moment he seemed to lie on top, then slowly sank into the flesh. His soul had barely disappeared when Tasmari raged into sight. With- out a second’s hesitation she also fell on the body. Duval’s intelligence be- gan to reappear. On his body corus- cations like molten gold showed for an instant and faded. The figure writhed as though in torment. Once again the soul of Duval penetrated his flesh. Outlining it now, there grew an aura of blinding iridescence, combining every color of the spectrum. The weirdness of this struggle of two be- ings for one body appalled me. Suddenly it was ended. About the body the aura faded. Succeeding it came a myriad of little pinpoint lights. They grew in number, and swarmed away, where they whirled confusedly in the light of the ray. Then they gradually began to assume the outlines of a figure. Was it Paul or Tasmari ? Materialization came more rapidly, and I caught a glimpse of a slender arm. It was Tasmari who was leaving. Paul had won. Without more ado, I shut off the power. As the beam faded, these words came to me in the faintest of whispers. "You win this time, but in the end you must return.” The last glow faded and Tasmari was gone. In a few words I explained, or tried to explain, the situation to Baird, who thought Janisch had murdered both Duval and me. Duval had the appearance of one dead, but I knew that when three days had passed he would regain Tiis senses. We had been successful. Still, I was de- pressed. Trying to place what vaguely trou- bled me, it came to me. Marguerite! How had she fared at the hands of Bari? God bless the staunch and loyal little soul! And Duval ? Had he sacrificed her to save himself ? The previous adventures of Duval, telling how he invented his strange machine and how he ventured into the Second Cycle, were told in “Duval's Weird Experiment ” in the April number of WEIRD TALES. A later story will describe what happened to Marguerite at the hands of Bari. Watch for it in this magazine.WEIRD STORY REPRINTS No. 11. The Werewolf By H. B. MARRY AT MY FATHER was not born, or originally a resident, in the Ilartz Mountains; he was the serf of a Hungarian noble- man, of great possessions, in Tran- sylvania; but, although a serf, he was not by any means a poor or illit- erate man. In fact, he wTas rich, and his intelligence and respectabil- ity were such that he had been raised by his lord to the stewardship; but whoever may happen to be born a serf, a serf he must remain, even though he become a wealthy man; such was the condition of my father. My father had been married for about five years; and, by his marriage, had three children — my eldest brother, Ca?sar; myself (Hermann); and a sister named Marcella. My mother was a very beautiful woman, unfortunately more beautiful than virtuous: she was seen and ad- mired by the lord of the soil; my father was sent away upon some mis- sion; and, during his absence, my mother, flattered by the attentions, and won by the assiduities, of this nobleman, yielded to his wishes. It so happened that my father returned very unexpectedly, and discovered the intrigue. The evidence of my mother’s shame was positive; he sur- prized her in the company of her seducer! Carried away by the im- petuosity of his feelings, he watched the opportunity of a meeting taking place between them, and murdered both his wife and her seducer. Con- scious that, as a serf, not even the provocation which he had received 654 would be allowed as a justification of his conduct, he hastily collected to- gether what money he could lay his hands on, and, as we Avere then in the depth of winter, he put his horses to the sleigh, and taking his children with him, he set off in the middle of the night, and was far away before the tragical circumstance had become known. Aware that he would be pur- sued, and that he had no chance of escape if he remained in any portion of his native country (in which the authorities could lay hold of him), he continued his flight without inter- mission until he had buried himself in the intricacies and seclusion of the Hartz Mountains. Of course, all that I have now told you I learned afterward. My oldest recollections are knit to a rude, yet comfortable cottage, in which I lived with my father, brother and sister. It was on the confines of one of those vast forests which covcr the northern part of Germany; around it were a few acres of ground, which, during the summer months, my father culti- vated, and which, though they yield- ed a doubtful harvest, wTere sufficient for our support. In the winter we remained much indoors, for, as my father followed the chase, we were left alone, and the wolves, during that, season, incessantly prowled about. My father had purchased the cottage, and land about it, of one of the rude foresters, who gain their livelihood partly by hunting, and partly by burning chareoal, for the purpose of smelting the ore from theTHE WEREWOLF 655 neighboring mines; it was distant about two miles from any other habi- tation. I can call to mind the whole landscape now: the tall pines which rose up on the mountain above us, and the wide expanse of forest be- neath, on the topmost boughs and heads of whose trees we looked down from our cottage, as the mountain be- low us rapidly descended into the dis- tant valley. In summertime the pros- pect was beautiful; but during the severe winter, a more desolate scene could not well be imagined. I said that, in the winter, my father occupied himself with the chase; every day he left us, and often would he lock the door, that we. might not leave the cottage. He had no one to assist him, or to take care of us—in- deed, it was not easy to find a female servant who would live in such a soli- tude; but, could he have found one, my father would not have received her, for he had imbibed a horror of the sex, as the difference of his con- duct toward us, his two boys, and my poor little sister, Marcella; evidently proved. You may suppose we were sadly neglected; indeed, we suffered much, for my father, fearful that we might come, to some harm, would not allow us fuel, when he left the cottage; and we were obliged, therefore, to creep under the heaps of bear-skins, and there to keep ourselves as warm as we could until he returned in the evening, when a blazing fire was our delight. That my father chose this restless sort of life may appear strange, but the fact was that he could not remain quiet; whether from remorse for having committed mur- der, or from the misery consequent on his change of situation, or from both combined, he was never happy unless he was in a state of activity. Chil- dren, however, when left much to themselves, acquire a thoughtfulness not common to their age. So it was with us; and during the short cold days of winter we would sit silent, longing for the happy hours when the snow would melt, and the leaves burst out, and the birds begin their songs, and when we should again be set at liberty. Such was our peculiar and savage sort of life until my brother Caesar was nine, myself seven, and my sister five years old, when the circumstances occurred on which is based the ex- traordinary narrative which I am about to relate. One evening my father returned home rather later than usual; he had been unsuccessful, and, as the weather was very severe, and many feet of snow were upon the ground, he was not only very cold, but in a very bad humor. ' He had brought in wood, and we were all three of us gladly assisting each other in blowing on the embers to create the blaze, when he caught poor little Marcella by the arm and threw her aside; the child fell, struck her mouth, and bled very much. My brother ran to raise her up. Accustomed to ill usage, and afraid of my father, she did not dare to cry, but looked up in his face very piteously. My father drew his stool nearer to the hearth, muttered some- thing in abuse of women, and busied himself with the fire, which both my brother and I had deserted when our sister was so unkindly treated. A cheerful blaze was soon the result of his exertions; but we did not, as usual, crowd round it. Marcella, still bleeding, retired to a corner, and my brother and I took our seats beside her, while my father hung over the fire gloomily and alone. Such had been our position for about half an hour, when the howl of a wolf, close under the window of the cottage, fell on our ears. My father started up and seized his gun; the howl was re- peated, he examined the priming, and then hastily left the cottage, shutting the door after him. We all waited, anxiously listening, for we thought656 WEIRD TALES that if he succeeded in shooting the wolf, he would return in a better humor; and although he was harsh to all of us, and particularly so to our little sister, still we loved our father, and loved to see him cheerful and happy, for what else had we to look up to ? And I may here observe, that perhaps there never were three chil- dren who were fonder of each other; we did not, like other children, fight and dispute together; and if, by chance, any disagreement did arise between my elder brother and me, lit- tle Marcella would run to us, and kissing us both, seal, through her en- treaties, the peace between us. Mar- cella was a lovely, amiable child; I can recall her beautiful features even now. Alas! poor little Marcella. We waited for some time, but the report of the gun did not reach us, and my elder brother then said, "Our father has followed the wolf, and will not be back for some time. Marcella, let us wash the blood from your mouth, and then we will leave this corner, and go to the fire and warm ourselves.” We did so, and remained there un- til near midnight, every minute won- dering, as it grew later, why our father did not return. We had no idea that he was in any danger, but we thought that he must have chased the wolf for a very long time. "I will look out and see if Father is coming,” said my brother Csesar, go- ing to the door. "Take care,” said Marcella, "the wolves must be about now, and we can not kill them, brother.” My brother opened the door very cautiously, and but a few inches; he peeped out. "I see nothing,” said he, after a time, and once more he joined us at the fire. "We have had no supper,” said I, for my father usually cooked the meat as soon as he came home; and during his absence we had nothing but the fragments of the preceding day. "And if our father comes home after his hunt, Csesar,” said Marcella, "he will be pleased to have some sup- per; let us cook it for him and for ourselves.” Caesar climbed upon the stool, and reached down some meat — I forget now whether it was venison or bear’s meat; but we cut off the usual quan- tity, and proceeded to dress it, as we used to do under our father’s superin- tendence. We were all busied putting it into the platters before the fire, to await his coming, when we heard the sound of a horn. We listened—there was a noise outside, and a minute afterward my father entered, usher- ing in a young female and a large dark man ija a hunter’s dress. Perhaps I had better now relate what was only known to me many years afterward. When my father had left the cottage, he perceived a large white wolf about thirty yards from him; as soon as the animal saw my father, it retreated slowly, growl- ing and snarling. My father followed; the animal did not run, but always kept at some distance; and my father did not like to fire until he was pretty certain that his ball would take ef- fect: thus they went on for some time, the wolf now leaving my father far behind, and then stopping and snarling defiance at him, and then again, on his approach, setting off at speed. Anxious to shoot the animal (for the white wolf is very rare), my father continued the pursuit for sev- eral hours, during which he continu- ally ascended the mountain. You must know that there are pe- culiar spots on those mountains which are supposed, and, as my story will prove, truly supposed, to be inhabited by the evil influences; they are well known to the huntsmen, who invari- ably avoid them. Now, one of these spots, an open space in the pine for- ests above us, had been pointed outTHE WEREWOLF 657 to my fathet as dangerous on that account. ' But, whether he disbelieved these wild stories, or whether, in his eager pursuit of the chase, he disre- garded them, I know not; certain, however, it is that he was decoyed by the white wolf to this open space, when the animal appeared to slacken her speed. My father approached, came close- up to her, raised his gun to his shoulder, and was about to fire, when the wolf suddenly disappeared. He thought that the snow on the ground must have dazzled his sight, and he let down his gun to look for the beast—but she was gone; how she could have escaped over the clearance, without his seeing her, was beyond his comprehension. Mortified at the ill success of his chase, he was about to retrace his steps, when he heard the distant sound of a horn. Astonish- ment at such a sound—at such an hour —in such a wilderness, made him for- get for the moment his disappoint- ment, and he remained riveted to the spot. In a minute the horn was blown a second time, and at no great dis- tance; my father stood still, and lis- tened: a third time it was blown. I forget the term used to express it, but it was the signal which, my father well knew, implied that the party was lost in the woods. In a few minutes more my father beheld a man on horseback, with a female seated on the crupper, enter the cleared space, and ride up to him. At first, my father called to mind the strange sto- ries which he had heard of the super- natural beings who were said to fre- quent these mountains; but the nearer approach of the parties satisfied him that they were mortals like himself. As soon as they came up to him, the man who guided the horse accosted him. "Friend Hunter, you are out late, the better fortune for us: we have ridden far, and are in fear of our lives, which are eagerly sought after. These mountains, have enabled us to elude our pursuers; but if we find not shelter and refreshment, that will avail us little, as we must perish from hunger and the inclemency of the night. My daughter, who rides behind me, is now more dead than alive—say, can you assist us in our difficulty?” "My cottage is some few miles dis- tant,” replied my father, "but I have little to offer you besides a shelter from the weather; to the little I have you are welcome. May I ask whence you come?” "Yes, friend, it is no secret now; we have escaped from Transylvania, where my daughter’s honor and my life were equally in jeopardy!” This information was quite enough to raise an interest in my father’s heart. He remembered his own es- cape: he remembered the loss of his wife’s honor, and the tragedy by which it was wound up. He immedi- ately, and warmly, offered all the as- sistance which he could afford them. "There is no time to be lost, then, good sir,” observed the horseman; "my daughter is chilled with the frost, and can not hold out much longer against the severity of the weather.” “Follow me,” replied my father, leading the way toward home. “I was lured away in pursuit of a large white wolf,” observed my fath- er; "it came to the veiy window of my hut, or I should not have been out at this time of night. ’ ’ "The creature passed by us just as we came out of the wood,” said the female in a silvery tone. "I was nearly discharging my piece at it,” observed the hunter; "but since it did us such good service, I am glad that I allowed it to escape.” In about an hour and a half, during which my father walked at a rapid paee, the party arrived at the cottage, and, as I said before, came in. "We are in good time, apparent- ly,” observed the dark hunter, catch-658 WEIRD TALES ing the smell of the roasted meat, as. he walked to the fire and surveyed my brother and sister and myself. "You have young cooks here, Mynheer,” he said. "I am glad that we shall not have to wait,” replied my father. "Come, mistress, seat yourself by the fire; you require warmth after your cold ride.” "And where can I put my horse, Mynheer?” observed the huntsman. "I will take care of him,” replied my father, going out of the cottage door. The female must, however, be par- ticularly described. She was young, and apparently twenty years of age. She was dressed in a traveling dress, deeply bordered with white fur, and wore a cap of white ermine on her head. Her features were very beau- tiful, at least I thought so, and so my father has since declared. Her hair was flaxen, glossy and shining, and bright as a mirror; and her mouth, although somewhat large when it was open, showed the most brilliant teeth I have ever beheld. But there was something about her eyes, bright as they were, which made us children afraid; they were so restless, so fur- tive; I could not at that time tell why, but I felt as if there was cruelty in her eye; and when she beckoned us to come to her, we approached her with fear and trembling. Still she was beautiful, very beautiful. She spoke kindly to my brother and my- self, patted our heads, and caressed us; but Marcella would not come near her; on the contrary, she slunk away, and hid herself in the bed, and would not wait for the supper, which half an hour before she had been so anx- ious for. My father, having put the horse into a close shed, soon returned, and supper was placed upon the table. When it was over, my father re- quested that the young lady would take possession of his bed, and he would remain at the fire, and sit up with her father. After some hesita- tion on her part, this arrangement was agreed to, and I and my brother crept into the other bed with Mar- cella, for we had as yet always slept together. But we could not sleep; there was something so unusual, not only in see- ing strange people, but in having those people sleep at the cottage, that we were bewildered. As for poor lit- tle Marcella, she was quiet, but I per- ceived that she trembled during the whole night, and sometimes I thought that she was checking a sob. My father had brought out some spirits, which he rarely used, and he and the strange hunter remained drinking and talking before the fire. Our ears were ready to catch the slightest whisper—so much was our curiosity excited. "You said you came from Tran- sylvania?” observed my father. "Even so, Mynheer,” replied the hunter. "I was a serf to the noble house of-; my master would in- sist upon my surrendering up my fair girl to his wishes; it ended in my giv- ing him a few inches of my hunting knife. * "We are countrymen, and brothers in misfortune,” replied my father, taking the huntsman’s hand, and pressing it warmly. "Indeed! Are you, then, from that country ? ’ ’ "Yes; and I too have fled for my life. But mine is a melancholy tale.” ‘ ‘ Your name ? ’ ’ inquired the hunter. "Krantz.” "What! Krantz of-? I have heard your tale; you need not renew your grief by repeating it now. Wel- come, most welcome, Mynheer, and, I may say, my worthy kinsman. I am your second cousin, Wilfred of Bams- dorf,” cried the hunter, rising up and embracing my father. They filled their horn mugs to the brim, and drank to one another, afterTHE WEREWOLF 659 the German fashion. The conversa- tion was then carried on in a low tone; all that we could collect from it was, that our new relative and his daughter were to take up their abode in our cottage, at least for the pres- ent. In about an hour they both fell back in their chairs, and appeared to sleep. "Marcella, dear, did you hear?” said my brother in a low tone. "Yes,” replied Marcella, in a whis- per; "I heard all. Oh! brother, I can not bear to look upon that woman —I feel so frightened. ’ ’ My brother made no reply, and shortly afterward we were all three fast asleep. When we awoke the next morning we found that the hunter’s daughter had arisen before us. I thought she looked more beautiful than ever. She came up to Marcella and caressed her; the child burst into teai*s, and sobbed as if her heart would break. But, not to detain you with too long a story, the huntsman and his daugh- ter were accommodated in the cottage. My father and he went out hunting daily, leaving Christina with us. She performed all the household duties; was very kind to us children; and, gradually, the dislike even of little Marcella wore away. But a great change took place in my father; he appeared to have conquered his aver- sion to the sex, and was most atten- tive to Christina. Often, after her father and we were in bed, would he sit up with her, conversing in a low tone by the fire. I ought to have mentioned that my father and the huntsman Wilfred slept in another portion of the cottage, and that the bed which he formerly occupied, and which was in the same room as ours, had been given up to the use of Chris- tina. These visitors had been about three weeks at the cottage, when, one night, after we children had been sent to bed, a consultation was held. My father had asked Christina in marriage, and had obtained both her own consent and that of Wilfred; after this a conversation took place, which was, as nearly as I can recol- lect, as follows: "You may take my child, Myn- heer Krantz, and my blessing with her, and I shall then leave you and seek some other habitation—it mat- ters little where.” "Why not remain here, Wilfred?” “No, no, I am called elsewhere; let that suffice, and ask no more ques- tions. You have my child.” "I thank you for her, and will duly value her; but there is one diffi- culty.” "I know what you would say; there is no priest here in this wild country: true, neither is there any law to bind; still must some ceremony pass between you, to satisfy a father. Will you consent to marry her after my fashion? If so, I will marry you directly. ’ ’ "I will,” replied my father. ‘ ‘ Then take her by the hand. Now, Myriheer, swear.” "I swear,” repeated my father. "By all the spirits of the Hartz Mountains-’ ’ "Nay, why not by heaven?” inter- rupted my father. "Because it is not my humor,” re- joined Wilfred; "if I prefer that oath, less binding, perhaps, than an- other, surely you will not thwart me.” "Well, be it so then; have your humor. Will you make me swear by that in which I do not believe?” "Yet many do so, who in outward appearance are Christians,” rejoined Wilfred; "say, will you be married, or shall I take my daughter away with me?” "Proceed,” replied my father, im- patiently. "I swear by all the spirits of the Hartz Mountains, by all their power for good or for evil, that I take Chris-660 WEIRD TALES tina for my wedded wife; that I will ever protect her, cherish her, and love her; that my hand shall never be raised against her to harm her.” My father repeated the words after Wilfred. "And if I fail in this, my vow, may all the vengeance of the spirits fall upon me and upon my children; may they - perish by the vulture, by the wolf, or other beasts of the forest; may their flesh be torn from their limbs, and their bones blanch in the wilderness; all this I swear. ’ * My father hesitated, as he repeated the last words; little Marcella could not restrain herself, and as my father repeated the last sentence, she burst into tears. This sudden interruption appeared to discompose the party, particularly my father; he spoke harshly to the child, who controlled her sobs, burying her face under the bed-clothes. Such was the second marriage of my father. The next morning the hunter Wilfred mounted his horse and rode away. My father resumed his bed, which was in the same room as ours; and things went on much as before the marriage, except that our new step- mother did not sho\f any kindness to- ward us; indeed, during my father’s absence she would often beat us, par- ticularly little Marcella, and her eyes would flash fire as she looked eagerly upon the fair and lovely child. One night my sister awoke me and my brother. "What is the matter?” said Cjesar. "She has gone out,” whispered Marcella. "Gone out!” “Yes, gone out at the door, in her night-clothes,’” replied the child; "I saw her get out of bed, look at my father to see if he slept, and then she went out at the door.” What could induce her to leave her bed, and all undressed to go out, in such bitter wintry weather, with the snow deep on the ground, was to us incomprehensible; we lay awake, and in about an hour we heard the growl of a wolf, close under the window. "There is a wolf,” said Caesar; "she will be torn to pieces.” "Oh, no!” cried Marcella. In a few minutes afterward our stepmother appeared; she was in her night-dress, as Marcella had stated. She let down the latch of the door, so as to make no noise, went to a pail of water, and washed her face and hands, and then slipped into the bed where my father lay. We all three trembled, we hardly knew why, but we resolved to watch the next night: we did so—and not only on the ensuing night, but on many others, and always at about the same hour would our stepmother rise from her bed and leave the cottage— and after she was gone we invariably heard the growl of a wolf under our window, and always saw her, on her return, wash herself before she re- tired to bed. We observed, also, that she seldom sat down to meals, and that when she did, she appeared to eat with dislike ; but when the meat was taken down, to be prepared for dinner, she would often furtively put a raw piece into her mouth. My brother Cassar was a courage- ous boy; he did not like to speak to my father until he knew more. He resolved that he would follow her out, and ascertain what she did. Marcella and I endeavored to dissuade him from this project; but he would not be controlled, and the very next night he lay down in his clothes, and as soon as our stepmother had left the cottage he jumped up, took down my father’s gun, and followed her. You may imagine in what a state of suspense Marcella and I remained during his absence. After a few min- utes we heard the report of a gun. It did not awaken my father, and we lay trembling with anxiety. In a minuteTHE WEREWOLF 661 afterward we saw our stepmother en- ter the cottage—her dress was bloody. I put my hand to Marcella’s mouth to prevent her crying out, although I was myself in great alarm. Our stepmother approached my father’s bed, looked to see if he was asleep, and then went to the chimney, and blew up the embers into a blaze. "Who is there?” said my father, waking up. "Lie still, dearest,” replied my stepmother, "it is only me; I have lighted the fire to warm some water; I am not quite well.” My father turned round and was soon asleep; but we watched our step- mother. She changed her linen, and threw the garments she had worn into the fire: and we then perceived that her right leg was bleeding profusely, as if from a gunshot wound. She bandaged it up, and then dressing herself, remained before the fire until the break of day. Poor little Marcella, her heart beat quick as slie pressed me to her side— so indeed did mine. Where was our brother, Caesar? How did my step- mother receive the wound unless from his gun ? At last my father rose, and then for the first time I spoke, say- ing, "Father, where is my brother, Caesar ? ” "Your brother!” exclaimed he; "why, whei’e can he be?” "Merciful heaven! I thought as I lay very restless last night,” observed our stepmother, "that I heard some- body open the latch of the door; and, dear me, husband, what has become of your gun ? ’ ’ My father cast his eyes up above the chimney, and perceived that his gun was missing. For a moment he looked perplexed, then seizing a broadax, he went out of the cottage without saying another w'ord. He did not remain away from us long: in a few minutes he returned, bearing in his arms the mangled body of my poor brother; he laid it down, and covered up his face. My stepmother rose up, and looked at the body, while Marcella and I threw ourselves by its side wailing and sobbing bitterly. "Go to bed again, children,” said she sharply. "Husband,” continued she, "your boy must have taken the gun down to shoot a wolf, and the animal has been too powerful for him. Poor boy! He has paid dearly for his rashness.” My father made no reply; I wished to speak — to tell all — but Marcella, who perceived my intention, held me by the arm, and looked at me so im- ploringly, that I desisted. My father, therefore, was left in his error; but Marcella and I, al- though we could not comprehend it, were conscious that our stepmother was in some way connected with my brother’s death. That day my father went out and dug a grave, and when he laid the body in the earth, he piled up stones over it, so that the wolves should not be able to dig it up. The shock of this catastrophe was to my poor father very severe; for several days he never went to the chase, although at times he would utter bitter ana- themas and vengcanee against the wolves. But during this time of mourning on his part, my stepmother’s noc- turnal wanderings continued with the same regularity as before. At last, my father took down his gun, to repair to the forest; but he soon returned, and appeared much annoyed. "Would you believe it, Christina, that the wolves — perdition to the whole race!—have actually contrived to dig up the body of my poor boy, and now there is nothing left of him but his bones?” "Indeed!” replied my stepmother. Marcella looked at me, and I saw in \ '662 WEIRD TALES her intelligent eye all she would have uttered. "A wolf growls under our window every night, father,” said I. “Aye, indeed?—why did you not tell me, boy ?—wake me the next time you hear it.” I saw my stepmother turn away; her eyes flashed fire, and she gnashed her teeth. My father went out again, and cov- ered up with a larger pile of stones the little remnants of my poor brother which the wolves had spared. Such was the first act of the tragedy. The spring now came on: the snow disappeared, and we were permit- ted to leave the cottage; but never would I quit, for one moment, my dear little sister, to whom, since the death of my brother, I was more ardently attached than ever; indeed, I was afraid to leave her alone with my stepmother, who appeared to have a particular pleasure in ill-treating the child. My father was now em- ployed upon his little farm, and I was able to render him some assistance. Marcella used to sit by us while we were at work, leaving, my stepmother alone in the cottage. I ought to ob- serve that, as the spring advanced, so did my stepmother decrease her noc- turnal rambles, and we never heard the growl of the wolf under the win- dow after I had spoken of it to my father. One day, when my father and I were in the field, Marcella being with us, my stepmother came out, saying that she was going into the forest to collect some herbs my father wanted, and that Marcella must go to the cot- tage and watch the dinner. Marcella went, and my stepmother soon disap- peared in the forest, taking a direc- tion quite contrary to that in which the cottage stood, and leaving my father and me, as it were, between her and Marcella. About an hour afterward we were startled by shrieks from the cottage, evidently the shrieks of little Mar- cella. “Marcella has burned herself, father,” said I, throwing down my spade. My father threw down his, and we both hastened to the cottage. Before we could gain the door, out darted a large white wolf, which fled with the utmost celerity. My father had no weapon; he rushed into the cottage, and there saw poor little Marcella expiring; her body was dreadfully mangled, and the blood pouring from it had formed a large pool on the cottage floor. My father’s first intention had been to seize his gun and pursue, but he was checked by this horrid spectacle; he knelt down by his dying child, and burst into tears: Marcella could just look kindly on us for a few seconds, and then her eyes were closed in death. My father and I were still hanging over my poor sister’s body when my stepmother came in. At the dreadful sight she expressed much concern, but she did not appear to recoil from the sight of blood, as most women do. "Poor child!” said she; "it must have been that great white wolf which passed me just now, and frightened me so—she’s quite dead, Krantz.” "I know it—I know it!” cried my father in agony. I thought my father would never recover from the effects of this sec- ond tragedy: he mourned bitterly over the body of his sweet child, and for several days would not consign it to its grave, although frequently re- quested by my stepmother to do so. At last he yielded, and dug a grave for her close by that of my poor brother, and took every precaution that the wolves should not violate her remains. I was now really miserable, as I lay alone in the bed which I had for- merly shared with my brother and sister. I could not help thinking thatTHE WEREWOLF 663 my stepmother was implicated in both their deaths, although I could not ac- count for the manner; but I no longer felt afraid of her: my little heart was full of hatred and revenge. The night after my sister had been buried, as • I lay awake, I perceived my stepmother get up and go out of the cottage. I waited for some time, then dressed myself, and looked out through the door, which I half opened. The moon shone bright, and I could see the spot where my brother and my sister had been buried ; and what was my horror, when I perceived my stepmother busily removing the stones from Marcella’s grave. She was in her white night-dress, and the moon shone full upon her. She was digging with her hands, and throwing away the stones behind her with all the ferocity of a wild beast. It was some time before I could col- lect my senses and decide what to do. At last, I perceived that s,he had ar- rived at the body, and raised it np to the side of the grave. I could bear it no longer; I ran to my father and awoke him. "Father! father!” cried I; "dress, yourself, and get your gun.” "Whatf” cried my father; "the wolves are there, are they?’ He jumped out of bed, threw on his clothes, and in his anxiety did not appear to perceive the absence of his wife. As soon as he was ready, I opened the door, he went out, and I followed him. Imagine his horror, when (unpre- pared as he was for such a sight) he beheld, as he advanced toward the grave, not a wolf, but his wife, in her night-dress, on her hands and knees, crouching by the body of my sister, and tearing off large pieces of the flesh, and devouring them with all the avidity of a wolf. She was too busy to be aware of our approach. My father dropped his gun, his hair stood on end; so did mine; he breathed heavily, and then his breath for a time stopped. I picked up the gun and put it into his hand. Suddenly he appeared as if concentrated rage had restored him to double vigor; he leveled his piece, fired, and with a loud shriek, down fell the wretch whom he had fostered in his bosom. "God of heaven!” cried my fath- er, sinking down upon the earth in a swoon, as soon as ho had discharged his gun. I remained some time by his side before he recovered. "Where am I?” said he. "What has happened? —Oh! yes, yes! I recollect now. Heaven forgive me!” He rose and'we walked up to the grave; what again was our astonish- ment and horror to find that instead of the dead body of my stepmother, as we expected, there was lying over the remains of my poor sister, a large, white she-wolf. "The white wolf!” exclaimed my father; "the white wolf which de- coyed me into the forest—I see it all now—I have dealt with the spirits of the Hartz Mountains.” For some time my father remained in silence and deep thought. He then carefully lifted up the body of my sister, replaced it in the grave, and covered it over as before, having struck the head of the dead animal with the heel of his boot, and raving like a madman. lie walked back to the cottage, shut the door, and threw himself on the bed; I did the same, for I was in a stupor of amazement. arly in the morning we were both aroused by a loud knocking at the door, and in rushed the hunter Wilfred. “My daughter!—man—my daugh- ter!—where is my daughter?” cried he in a rage. “Where the wretch, the fiend, should be, I trust,” replied my fath- er, starting up and displaying equal choler; “where she should be — in664 WEIRD TALES hell!—Leave this cottage or you may fare worse.” "Ha-ha!” replied the hunter; "would you harm a potent spirit of the Hartz Mountains? Poor mortal, who must needs wed a werewolf.” ‘ ‘ Out, demon! I defy thee and thy power.” “Yet shall you feel it; remember your oath—your solemn oath—never to raise, your hand against her to harm her.” “I made no compact with evil spirits. "You did; and if you failed in your vow, you were to meet the ven- geance of the spirits. Your children were to perish by the vnlture, the wolf-” "Out, out, demon!” "And their bones blanch in the wilderness. Ha-ha! ’ ’ My father, frantic with rage, seized his ax, and raised it over Wilfred’s head to strike. "All this I swear,” continued the huntsman, mockingly. The ax descended; but it passed through the form of the hunter, and my father lost his balance, and fell heavily on the floor. "Mortal!” said the hunter, strid- ing over my father’s body; “we have power over those only who have com- mitted murder. You have been guilty of double murder—you shall pay the penalty attached to your marriage vow. Two of your children are gone; the third is yet to follow—and follow them he will, for your oath is regis- tered. Go—it were kindness to kill you—your punishment is—that you live!” Horreur Sympathique BY CHARLES BAUDELAIRE Translated, by Clark Ashton Smith • "From this bizarre and livid sky, Tormented like your doom and mine On your void spirit passing by, What thoughts descend, 0 libertine?” —Athirst for mortal things unsung, In shadowy realms of lone surmise, I will not whine like Ovid, flung From out the Latin paradise. Skies torn like strands of ocean-strearrvs, In you is mirrored all my pride! Your slow, enormous clouds abide The dolent hearses of my dreams; Your glimmers mock with fluctuant lights The hell wherein my heart delights.The Gx*rF ,, Hemv S. \ j Whitehead “Then he thought his mother replaced the loosened covers and tucked them in aboat his shoulder.” FOR the first year, or there- abouts, after his Scotch moth- er’s death the successful lawyer Alan Carrington was conscious, among his other feelings, of a kind of vague dread that she might appear as a character in one of his dreams, as, she had often assured him, her mother had come to her. Being the man he was, he resented this feeling as an in- congruity. Yet, there was a certain background for the feeling of dread. It had been one of his practical moth- er’s convictions that such an appear- ance of her long-dead mother always preceded a disaster in the family. Such aversions as he might possess against the maternal side of his ances- try were all included in his dislike for belief in this kind of thing. When he agreed that "the Scotch are a dour race,” he always had reference, at least mentally, to this superstitious strain, associated with that race from timg immemorial, concrete to his ex- perience because of this belief of his mother’s, against which he had al- ways fought. He carried out dutifully, and with a high degree of professional skill, all her various expressed desires, and continued, after her death, to live in their large, comfortable house. Per- haps because his mother never did ap- pear in such dreams as he happened to remember, his dread became less and less poignant. At the end of two years or so, occupied with the throng- ing interests of a public man in the full power of his early maturity, it had almost ceased to be so much as a memory. In the spring of his forty-fourth year, Carrington, who had long 665666 WEIRD TALES worked at high pressure and virtually without vacations, was apprized by certain mental and physical indica- tions which his physician interpreted vigorously, that he must take at least the whole summer off and devote him- self to recuperation. Rest, said the doctor, for his overworked mind and under-exercised body, was impera- tively indicated. Carrington was able to set his nearly innumerable interests and af- fairs in order in something like three weeks by means of highly concen- trated efforts to that end. Then, ex- ceedingly nervous, and not a little de- bilitated physically from this extra strain upon his depleted resources, he had to meet the problem of where he was to go and what he was to do. He was, of course, too deeply set in the rut of his routines to find such a de- cision easy. Fortunately, this prob- lem was solved for him by a letter which he received unexpectedly from one of his cousins on his mother’s side, the Reverend Fergus MacDon- ald, a gentleman with whom he had had only slight contacts. Dr. MacDonald was a middle-aged, retired clergyman, whom an immi- nent decline had removed eight or ten years before from a- brilliant, if un- derpaid, career in his own profession. After a few years sojourn in the Adi- rondacks he had emerged cured, and with an already growing reputation as a writer of that somewhat inelastic literary product emphasized by cer- tain American magazines which seem to embalm a spinsterish austerity of the literary form under the label of distinction. Dr. MacDonald had retained a de- veloped pastoral instinct which he could no longer satisfy in the manage- ment of a parish. He was, besides, too little robust to risk assuming, at least for some time to come, the wear- ing burden of teaching. He compro- mised the matter by establishing a summer camp for boys in his still- desirable Adirondacks. Being devoid of experience in business matters he associated with himself a certain Thomas Starkey, a young man whom the ravages of the White Plague had snatched away from a sales-manager- ship and driven into the quasi-exile of Saranac, where Dr. MacDonald had met him. This association proved highly suc- cessful for the half-dozen years that it had lasted. Then Starkey, after a brave battle for his health, had suc- cumbed, just at a period when his trained business intelligence would have been most helpful to the affairs of the camp. Dazed at this blow, Dr. MacDonald had desisted from his labors after literary distinction long enough to write to his cousin Carrington, be- seeching his legal and financial coun- sel. When Carrington had read the last of his cousin’s finished periods, he decided at once, and dispatched a telegram announcing his immediate setting out for the camp, his inten- tion to remain through the summer, and the promise to assume full charge of the business management. He started for the Adirondacks the next afternoon^ His presence brought immediate order out of confusion. Dr. MacDon- ald, on the evening of the second day of his cousin’s administration of af- fairs, got down on his knees and re- turned thanks to his Maker for the undeserved beneficence which had sent this financial angel of light into the midst of his affairs, in this, his hour of dire need! Thereafter the reverend doctor immersed himself more and more deeply in his wonted task of producing the solid literature dear to the hearts of his editors. But if Carrington’s coming had im- proved matters at the camp, the bal- ance of indebtedness was far from be- ing one-sided. For the first week or so the reaction from his accustomed way of life had caused him to feel, ifACROSS THE GULF 667 anything, even staler and more nerve- racked than before. But that first un- pleasantness past, the invigorating air of the balsam-laden pine woods be- gan to show its restorative effects rap- idly. He found that he was sleeping like the dead. He could not get enough sleep, it appeared. His appe- tite increased, and he found that he was putting on needed weight. The business management of a boys’ camp, absurdly simple after the complex matters of Big Business with which he had long been occupied, was only a spice to this new existence among the deep shadows and sunny spaces of the Adirondack country. At the end of a month of this, he confidently declared himself a new man. By the first of August, instead of the nervous wreck who had arrived, sharp-visaged and cadaverous, two months before, Carrington presented the appearance of a robust, hard-muscled athlete of thirty, twenty-two pounds heavier and "without a nerve in his body”. On the evening of the fourth day of August, healthily weary after a long day’s hike, Carrington retired soon after 9 o’clock, and fell imme- diately into a deep and restful sleep. Toward morning he dreamed of his mother for the first time since her death more than six years before. His dream took the form that he was ly- ing here, in his own bed, awake,—a not altogether uncommon form of dream,—and that he was very chilly in the region of the left shoulder. As is well-known to those skilled in the scientific phenomena of the dream- state, now a very prominent portion of the material used in psychological study, this kind of sensation in a dream virtually always is the result of an actual physical condition, and is reproduced in the dream because of that actual background as a stimulus. Carrington’s cold shoulder was to- ward the left-hand, or outside of the bed, which stood against the wall of his large, airy room. In his dream he thought that he reached out his hand to replace the bed clothes, and as he did? so his hand was softly, though firmly, taken, and his mother’s well-remembered voice said: ‘ ‘ Lie still, laddie; I ’11 tuck you in. ’ ’ Then he thought his mother re- placed the loosened covers and tucked them in about his shoulder with her competent touch. He wanted to thank her, and as he could not see her be- cause of the position in which he was lying, he endeavored to open his eyes and turn over, being in that state commonly thought of as between sleep and waking. With some considerable effort he succeeded in forcing open his reluctant eyes; but turning over was a much more difficult matter, it appeared. He had to fight against an overpowering inclination to sink back comfortably into the deep sleep, from which, in his dream, he had awakened to find his shoulder disagreeably un- comfortable. The warmth of the re- placed covers was an additional in- ducement to sleep. At last, with a determined wrench he overcame his desire to go to sleep again and rolled over to his left side by dint of a strong effort of his will, smiling gratefully and about to express his thanks. But at the in- stant of accomplishing this victory of the will, he actually awakened, in precisely the position recorded in his mind in the dream-state. Where he had expected to meet his mother’s eyes, he saw nothing, but there remained with him a persistent impression that he had felt the with- drawal of her hand from where, on his shoulder, it had rested caressingly. The grateful warmth of the bed- clothes in that cool morning remained, however, and he observed that they were well tucked in about that shoulder. His dream.had clearly been of the type which George Du Maurier668 WEIRD TALES speaks of in Peter Ibbetson. He had "dreamed true,” and it required sev- eral minutes before he could rid him- self of the impression that his mother, moved by some strange whimsicality, had stepped fcut of his sight, perhaps hidden herself behind the bed! He was actually about to look back of the bed before the utter absurdity of the idea became fully apparent to him. The back of the bed stood close against the wall of the room. His mother had been dead more than six years. He jumped out of bed at the sound of reveille, blown by the camp bu- gler, and this abrupt action dissi- pated his impressions. Their memory remained, however, very clear-cut in his mind for the next two days. The impression of his mother’s nearness in the course of that vivid dream had recalled her to his mind with the greatest clarity. With this revived impression of her, too, there marched, almost of necessity he supposed, in his mind the old idea which he had dreaded,—the idea that she would come to him to warn him of some impending danger. Curiously enough, as he analyzed his sensations, he found that there re- mained none of the old resentment connected with this speculation, such as had characterized it during the period immediately after his mother’s death. His maturity, the preoccupa- tions of an exceptionally full and ac- tive life, and the tenderness which marked all his memories of his mother had served to remove from his mind all traces of that idea. The possibil- ity of a "warning” in his dream of his dear mother only caused him to smile during those days after the dream during which the revived im- pression of his mother slowly faded thin, but it was the indulgent, slight- ly melancholy smile of a revived nos- talgia, a gentle, faint sense of "home- sickness” for her, such as might a^ect any middle-aged man recently re- minded of a beloved mother in some rather intense fashion. On the evening of the second day after his dream he was walking toward the camp garage with some visitors, a man and woman, parents of one of the boys at the camp, in- tending to drive with them to the vil- lage to guide them in some minor pur- chases. Just beside the well-worn trail through the great pine trees, half-way up the hill to the garage, the woman noticed a clump of large, brownish mushrooms, and enquired if they were of an edible variety. Car- rington picked one and examined it. To his limited knowledge it seemed to have several of the marks of an edible mushroom. While they were standing beside the place where the mushrooms grew, one of the younger boys passed them. "Crocker,” called Mr. Carrington. "Yes, Mr. Carrington,” replied young Crocker, pausing. “Crocker, your cabin is the one farthest south, isn’t it?” “Yes, sir.” “Were you going there just now?” “Yes, Mr. Carrington; can I do anything for you?” “Well, if it isn’t too much trouble, you might take this mushroom over to Professor Benjamin’s—you know where his camp is, just the other side of the wire fence beyond your cabin, —and ask him to let us know whether or not this is an edible mushroom. I’m not quite sure myself.” “Certainly,” replied the boy, pleased to be allowed “out of bounds” even to the extent of the few rods separating the camp property from that of the gentleman named by Car- rington, a university teacher regarded locally as a great export on mush- rooms, fungi, and suchlike things. Carrington called after the disap- pearing boy. "Oh, Crocker!” "Yes, Mr. Carrington?”ACROSS THE GULF 669 "Throw it away if Dr. Benjamin says it’s no good; but if he says it’s all right, bring it baek, please, and leave it on* the mantel-shelf in the big living room. Do you mind ? ’ ’ "All right, sir,” shouted Crocker over his shoulder, and trotted on. Returning from the village an hour later, Carrington found the mushroom on the mantel-shelf in the living room. He placed it in a large paper bag, left it in the kitchen in a safe place, and, the next morning before break- fast, walked up the trail toward the garage and filled his paper bag with mushrooms. He liked mushrooms, and so, doubt- less, did the people who had notieed these. He decided he would prepare the mushrooms himself. There would be just about enough, for three gen- erous portions. Mushrooms were not commonly eaten as a breakfast dish, but,—this was camp ! Exchanging a pleasant "good morning” with the young colored man who served as assistant cook, and who was engaged in getting breakfast ready, and- smilingly declining his of- fer to prepare the mushrooms, he peeled them, warmed a generous lump of fresh, country butter in a large frying pan, and began cooking them, A delightfully appetizing odor aris- ing from the pan provoked respectful banter from the young cook, amused at the camp-director’s efforts along the lines of his own profession, and the two chatted while Carrington turned his mushrooms over and over in the butter with a long fork. When they were done exactly to a turn, and duly peppered and salted, Carrington left them in the pan, which he took off the stove, and set about the prep- aration of three canapes of fried toast. He was going to serve his mushrooms in style, as the grinning young cook slyly remarked. He grinned back, and divided the mush- rooms into three equal portions, each on its cmutpe, which he asked the un- der-cook to keep hot in the oven dur- ing the brief interval until mess call should bring everybody at camp in to breakfast. Then with his long fork he speared several small pieces of mushroom which had got broken in the pan. After blowing these cool on the fork, Carrington, grinning like a boy, put them into his mouth and began to eat them. ' "Good, suh?” enquired the assist- ant cook. "Delicious,” mumbled Carrington, enthusiastically, his mouth full of the succulent bits. After he had swal- lowed his mouthful, he remarked: "But I must have left a bit of the hide on one of ’em. There’s a little trace of bitter.” "Look out for ’em, suh, ” enjoined the under-cook, suddenly grave. "They’re plumb wicked when they ain’t jus’ right, suh.” "These are all right,” returned Carrington, reassuringly. "I had Professor Benjamin look them over.” He sauntered out on the veranda, waiting for the bugle call. From many directions the boys and a few visitors were straggling in toward the mess hall after a morning dip in the lake and cabin inspection. From their room in the guest house the people with whom he had been the evening before came across the broad veranda toward him. He was just turning toward them with a smile of pleasant greeting when the very hand of death fell on him. Without warning, a sudden terrible griping, accompanied by a deadh coldness, and this immediately fol- lowed by a pungent, burning heat ran through his body. Great beads of sweat sprang out on his forehead. His knees began to give under him Everything, all this pleasant world about him, .of brilliant morning sun- shine and deep, sharply-defined shad-670 WEIRD TALES ow, tamed greenish and dim. His senses started to slip away from him in the numbness which closed down like a relentless hand, crushing out his consciousness. With an effort which seemed to wrench his soul and tear him with un- imagined pain, he gathered all his waning forces, and, sustained only by a mighty effort of his powerful will, he staggered through the open door- way of the mess hall into the kitchen. He nearly collapsed as he leaned against the nearest table, articulating between fast-paralyzing lips: "Water,—and mustard! Quick. The mushrooms!” The head-cook, that moment ar- rived in the kitchen, happened to be quick-minded. The under-cook, ‘too, had had, of course, some preparation for this possibility. One of the, men seized a bowl just used for beating eggs and with shak- ing hands poured it half-full of warm water from a heating kettle on the stove. Into this the other emptied nearly half a tin of dry mustard which he stirred about frantically with his floury hand. This, his eyes rolling with terror, he held to Car- rington ’s lips, and -Carrington, con- centrating afresh all his remaining faculties, forced the nauseous fluid through his blue lips, and swallowed, painfully, great saving gulps of the powerful emetic. Again and yet again the two ne- groes renewed the dose. One of the counselors, on dfrr'n" room duty, coming into the kitchen sensed something terribly amiss, and ran to support Carrington. Ten minutes later, vastly nause- ated, trembling with weakness, but safe, Carrington, leaning heavily on the young counselor, walked up and down behind the mess hall. His first words, after he could speak co- herently, were to order the assistant cook to bum the contents of the three hot plates in the oven. . . . He had eaten a large mouthful of one of the most deadly varieties of poisonous mushroom, one containing the swiftly-acting vegetable alkaloids which spell certain death. His few moments’ respite, as he reasoned the matter out afterward, had been un- doubtedly due to his having cooked the mushrooms in butter, of which he had been lavish. This, thoroughly soaked up by the mushrooms, had, for a brief period, resisted digestion. Very gradually, as he walked up and down, taking in deep breaths of the sweet, pine-scented air, his strength returned to him. After he had thoroughly walked off the faint- ness which had followed the violent treatment to which he had subjected himself, he went up to his room, and, still terribly shaken by his experience and narrow escape from death, went to bed to rest. Crocker, it appeared, had duly car- ried out his instructions. Dr. Benja- min had looked at the specimen and told the boy that there were several varieties of this mushroom, not easily to be distinguished from one another, of which some were wholesome, and one contained a deadly alkaloid. Be- ing otherwise occupied at the time, he would have to defer his opinion until he had had an opportunity for a more thorough examination. He had hand- ed back the mushroom submitted to him and the lad had given it to a counselor, who had put it on the man- tel-shelf intending to report to Mr. Carrington the following morning. Weak still, and very drowzy, Car- rington lay on his bed and silently thanked the Powers above for having preserved his life. Abruptly he thought of his mother. The warning! At once it was as though she stood in the room beside his bed; as thoughACROSS THE GULP 671 He dared not raise his eyes, because now he knew that he was awake. It seemed to him as though she spoke, though there came to him no sensa- tion of anything that could be com- pared to sound. "Ye must be getting back into your bed, laddie.” And keeping his eyes tightly shut, lest he disturb this visitation, he awk- wardly fumbled his way back into bed. He settled himself on his back, and an overpowering drowziness, per- haps begotten of his recent shock and its attendant bodily weakness, ran through him like a benediction and a refreshing wind., As he drifted down over the thresh- hold of consciousness into the deep and prolonged sleep of physical ex- haustion which completely restored him, his last remembrance was of the lingering caress of his mother’s firm hand resting on his shoulder. The Moon Dance By A. LESLIE Throbbing drums, a cold, dead moon, And a whispering tropic strand; A play of shadows flitting free Across the tide-washed sand. A sighing wind that sobs and moans And ever seems to flee, A pale ghost wind that hurries on To a quest in the open sea. Louder! louder! throb the drums, The shadows reel and sway, And the sobbing wind goes shuddering by On its endless, pathless way. Slowly the cold moon sinks from sight Behind the jungle’s crest; Softer and softer sound the drums, And the shadows come to rest. their long, close companionship had not been interrupted by death. A wave of affectionate gratitude suffused him. Under its influence he rose, wearily, and sank to his knees beside the bed, his head on his arms, in the very spot where his mother had seemed to stand in his dream. Tears welled into his eyes, and fell, unnoticed, as he communed silently with her who had brought him into the world, whose watchful love and care not even death could interrupt or vitiate. Silently, fervently, he spoke across the gulf to his mother. . . . He choked with silent sobs as un- derstanding of her invincible love came to him and overwhelmed him. Then, to the accompaniment of a tremulous calmness which seemed to fall upon him abruptly, he had the sense of her, standing close beside him, as she had stood in his dream.A Grisly Tale of African Voodoo Rites VIALS of WRATH By EDITH LYLE RAGSDALE IT WAS Carson’s back. There could be no doubt about that. I would have known him any- where. I pushed my way through the crowd and, shoving this way and that, finally overtook my old friend. I hadn’t seen Jim Carson for a number of years and remembered him as an affable, whole-hearted chap, with engaging Irish-blue eyes and tar- black hair. Imagine, then, my sur- prize when, as I reached him, I saw that his hair was snow-white, that the skin on his face was yellow and wrin- kled like that of a mummy and seemed grown to the bones, that his eyes, once so merry, were deep-set in his cadaverous face, filled with a hor- ror, a lurking fear, the eyes of a man who sees some hideous vision. I tried to dissemble, to suppress my astonishment at this* startling change in my old friend’s appearance. But I might have saved myself the trou- ble. Carson seemed lost to all minor emotions. He looked through me, past me. The hand he offered was as cold and clammy as that of a dead man. His voice was a hollow echo. A sort of chill emanated from the man, a chill which clung about me, penetrating my bones until the mar- row ached, and lumping my blood un- til knots formed beneath my skin. I wished, subconsciously, that I had not met up with him. I actually trem- bled, but I tried to make the best of my bad encounter. My car was parked near by and, after a few words, I asked him to be my guest while in the city. Carson 672 consented, so, even though I felt an emotion verging upon hysteria steal- ing over me, I drove out to the sub- urbs, where, as Maude was on her va- cation, I was keeping bachelor hall. I was glad my wife was gone. She is a nervous, high-strung woman. Not for worlds would I have sub- jected her to the ordeal of entertain- ing Carson. Man that I am, robust, and; disgustingly material in my views, I have received a shock which time alone may eradicate. The first hour after our arrival passed off smoothly. I prepared an appetizing meal for my guest and my- self, and after supper we repaired to the big, cool porch, and there, over cigars, recounted our mutual boyhood experiences. Under the sedative in- fluence of the weed, Carson seemed to thaw, to become more human, less a dead man. I began to feel that I had made a mountain of a mole hill, that I had overestimated my friend’s looks and manners. I leaned back, puffing contentedly at my cigar. Carson was telling me of an experience he had had while coming home on the boat, during the days of submarine warfare. He was in the middle of a thrilling narrative when the telephone rang. I arose and passed into the house. Maude was on the wire, three hun- dred miles away, wanting to know if I had fed the goldfish and if Bobs (her canary) was all right. After reassuring her on all points I re- turned to my guest.VIALS OF WRATH 673 At first I thought he was asleep, lying back in his chair. Then some- thing about the pose struck me as odd. It was too rigid, too tense, to be natural. I moved over to him, listened for his breathing. There was no sound. I	touched him. He was cold. I thrust my hand into his shirt, next the skin. The heart seemed stilled. I	was afraid—abjectly afraid. Car- son, to all appearances, was dead. I was alone. All my old fear and re- pugnance of the evening returned. I shuddered and my knees shook. I felt the hair at the base of my skull rise, like the bristles on the back of a dog when it sees shades in the dark. I	wondered if the authorities would arrest me. I cursed myself for run- ning after and overtaking Carson, for carrying him out to my heretofore peaceful and uneventful h o m e. Maude, being psychic, might even ob- ject to living in a house overshadowed by a mysterious death. And I had been, until now, perfectly happy in the pretty little bungalow with its big lawn and prodigality of roses. Then another thought struck me. What had caused Jim’s death? When the telephone rang he had been talk- ing with animation. Just prior to our coming out on the porch he had eaten a hearty supper. Again I bent over Carson. I fan- cied I could see a change. He looked less rigid, more relaxed. I grew hope- ful. Perhaps there might be a little life left. I ran to the telephone and called our family physician. When the doctor arrived I had Car- son stretched out on a lounge and was rubbing him with camphor. It was the first thing that occurred to me. The doctor produced his stetho- scope and began hunting for signs of animation. After a bit he looked at me and remarked reassuringly i "He isn’t dead. Sort of coma. Has had a shock, a severe one, I judge. He’ll W. TV—3 rally from this, but I fear he won’t last long. Three days, perhaps.” He bared Carson’s arm and gave him a shot of strychnin. I watched, fascinated. The doctor turned to me: "Better call an ambulance and have him taken to St. Mary’s. He will need expert care—and there isn’t a nurse here now you can get for love or money.” I	acted upon the suggestion, and before midnight Carson was resting comfortably in the narrow, white hos- pital bed, watched over by a serious- eyed nun. I stayed with him as long as I could, then left with the promise that I would return the following morning. When I again entered Carson’s presence I saw that his mind was clear. There was, also, an inde- finable change in the poor chap’s ap- pearance. His eyes were free of the expression of horror. Even his skin looked less drawn. But death sat perched on the headboard. Carson smiled weakly and pointed to a chair. “Sit down, old man,” he mur- mured. I obeyed, and for a few min- utes there was no word spoken. Then, stretching out a lean hand he laid hold of my fingers and spoke. "I guess I am about to pass out,” he began, "and I am glad. Every minute, for seven years, 1 have longed for death.” He paused, struggling for breath. When he spoke again it was with less effort, and from the time he began telling me of the occurrence that turned him into an insatiate demon he never wavered or paused until the final word was spoken. "You knew Helen, my wife,” be- gan Carson. "You knew her when we three attended the university. You knew how beautiful she was, with her glorious golden hair and brown eyes, her satin-white skin, fine in tex- ture as a lily petal, and you surmised674 WEIRD TALES her beautiful soul, her purity, her wonderful personality, but I alone knew her. I worshiped her as it is given to few to worship. Our love was without a flaw. The years never dimmed our affection, and the birth of our daughter, three years after our marriage, cemented all the stronger the bond between us. "You remember my desire to be a missionary. You recall that after graduation I entered the college of theology. When I received my de- gree, when I bccame a regularly or- dained minister of the gospel, I felt life held but little more of joy. ' My cup of happiness was running over. "A month after I received my or- ders we found ourselves on ship- board, outward bound for a post on the African coast. "I was a religious fanatic. I could not see that there was work, plenty of it, right at home. The command, ‘ Go ye into every land and preach my gospel’, meant, to me, just that. I wanted to go into every land and spread the news. “When we rcached Africa and I saw what was before us I thrilled. The harvest was indeed ready for the reaping. I plunged into the work and for a time failed to see the hard- ships and dangers into which I had brought my wife. “But, eventually, I began to sense these things. The climate failed to agree with my darling. She, though she never told me until long months afterward, feared the blacks. Her health grew bad, and not until our baby’s birth did Helen regain her for- mer buoyant strength. But with baby’s advent my wife’s sunny smile came back and life again assumed a rosy glow. "We were, to a certain extent, well situated. The mission house was large, made of heavy logs, with strong shuttered doors and windows. We had, too, some of the Comforts of civ- ilization, such as screens to keep out the insects and serpents, manufac- tured goods shipped in from the States, and a private telephone line connecting my outposts with the mis- sion house. "From the first my wife’s wonder- ful sweetness of manner and her great beauty acted upon the blacks like a charm. They gave her a native name which, translated, means ‘Lily- white’. “My success was phenomenal. Soon the work was progressing beyond my most sanguine hopes. The servants and laborers employed about the mis- sion house were my first converts. These men and women forsook their hideous rites; voodooism disappeared from that particular point; and in its stead came peace, plenty and clean living. *	‘ The early converts became in turn missionaries. Wherever they went, with whomsoever they talked, they, even though crudely, spread the gos- pel. And I loved my people. True, their skins were black and their ways were not my ways, but for all that I knew they were my brothers, spirit of my spirit. For more than three years I preached to them, taught them to read and write and work. I doctored their bodies as well as their souls. And in every way Helen, my Lily-white, aided me. But this peace- ful existence was but the calm before the storm. “/^vne day a strapping black placed ^ himself in my path. He looked worried and harried. A prescience of evil swept over me as he began in halting and lame English to tell me of Mogo, a powerful medicine man of the tribe, who was trying to de- moralize and stampede my converts. “From the man’s disjointed narra- tive I learned that Mogo was prac- tising the most revolting forms of voodooism, that he had instituted a revival of ancient heathen sacrifices, was practising cannibalism, and wag-VIALS OF WRATH 675 ing war against the spread of civiliza- tion and religion. "I questioned the black, but, once having told me of the trouble, the fel- low seemed to withdraw into himself and I could gather nothing further. "All our servants were loyal. The big black men, three in number, em- ployed about the place, vied with each other in their devotion to Helen and the baby. I never felt a fear for the safety of my loved ones, even though at times I was called miles away to other villages or even into the inte- rior. "One day, shortly after the conver- sation with the black, he again inter- cepted me. The story he had to tell me was exceptionally revolting. Mogo had gathered around him a following of degenerate negroes, and the next night, which happened to be full moon, there was to be a meeting with the added attraction of human sacri- fice. The place of meeting was on the banks of a sluggish little river, not much more than a creek—a thick, oozy stream swarming with croco- diles. "I decided to be on hand, even though the danger was great, and to prevent the sacrifice if possible. Be- cause of the risk, I had to tell some of the facts to my wife. Naturally, she was shocked by the disclosures and entreated me to stay away fi*om the scene of the crime. "But this I could not do. I had given myself to the work. I would be a coward, a poltroon, less than a man, were I to let pass unrebuked an orgy such as Mogo planned. "The distance from the mission house to the scene of the meeting was nearly twenty miles through swamp and underbrush and rank vegetation, past a small town, the last point where I could communicate with Helen by telephone, a hard, soul-sap- ping journey for a white man. "I obtained the service of my in- formant as guide and we set out through the swamps. At the village I stopped for food and rest and the precious solace of a few words over the telephone with Helen. The dear girl, even though her heart was torn by fears, spoke bravely and encour- agingly. She held our baby to the in- strument and let her babble to ‘Dada\ "I told Helen that, should she want me, she could call me at this point, and a black would get the word to me. But Helen laughed away my fears. She had our three servants, be- sides the woman who did the cooking and housework since baby came. “Just before dusk I, with the black guiding along *before me, set out on the last lap of my journey. The moon was not yet up and the shadows were black all about us. From tree and bush came eery calls and strange noises, from the rank grass and vege- tation the hiss and rustle of serpents. “By the time the moon was up we had reached a vantage point, and, secreting ourselves, we watched the preparation for the consummation of the lustful deed. “A throne of logs had been erected, and upon this Mogo, a powerful, vil- lainous-looking giant, sat, directing the ax*rangements. From our covert I watched the play of the corded mus- cles beneath the satin-black skin, the bloodshot whites of the eyes, the cruel twist of the protruding lips. “A crowd formed quickly. Like shadows, they slunk from out of the gloom. A big heap of inflammable material was piled in an open space a few yards from the throne, near the river bank. “I could not understand much of Mogo’s harangue. But that he was a sort of spellbinder I could readily see. As he talked, his followers, many of whom had professed the Christian faith, fell prone before the throne. For an hour the big black talked, lashing the crowd to fury.676 WEIRD TALES "Suddenly Mogo sprang to his feet, waving his arms, shouting, eyes roll- ing, foam flecking his lips. “The negroes seemed to go mad. Those that had fallen to the ground now leapt to their feet and, men and women alike, began tearing their gar- ments. Someone set fire to the brush- heap, and I sickened as I saw the blacks join hands and dance, naked, around the blazing pyre. "The dance grew in violence and abandonment. With the stripping off of their garments, civilization and re- ligion were cast aside. They were just what their ancestors had been. They screamed a chant; they leapt into the air; they clawed their flesh until blood mingled with the sweat of their glistening bodies. And Mogo urged them on. "Out over the sluggish water the blood-red glow of the fire crept. A bull crocodile stuck his repulsive head above the scum and snapped his jaws. "A hideous old hag ran to the shadows just without the brilliant cir- cle of firelight and caught up a new- born child, unwashed and unban- daged, and with toothless mouthings she laid it in Mogo’s hands. "The medicine man sprang up, screamed a sort of prayer or incanta- tion and, before I could divine his in- tention, flung the wailing child into the open jaws of the crocodile. As the creature’s jaws crunched the writhing little body, a young and not uncomely woman dashed into the cir- cle of light shrieking madly. "Again Mogo began his chant. A dozen powerful blacks sprang forward and, as the crocodiles fought for the bleeding morsel, and as the waters turned a deeper red than that caused by the firelight, the young mother was seized and dragged, resisting, fighting even- inch of the way, to the throne. "I heard Mogo bellow a command; I saw a huge pot rushed to the fire. As my senses reeled, I saw the woman be- headed, dismembered and thrown into the pot. "VX/iien consciousness returned, I V	V was lying on a bed in the vil- lage hotel. I essayed to rise, but I could not. I called, and a cowering black answered. It was my guide, to whom I owed my life. "I asked him the time, how long I had been there. His answer was stag- gering. I had been unconscious three days! "My first thought was of Helen. I knew her peril. I had caught enough of Mogo ’s harangue to understand ... "I knew, even though God had kept her safe, that her anxiety over my absence and silence must be mad- dening. I again tried to get up. But my knees were weak and I wabbled back, fell upon the bed. And less than ten steps away was the tele- phone. "I dozed for a time. I was terri- bly ill; I felt that I was dying. I seemed to float between earth and sky. "The shrill ringing of the tele- phone bell caught me, jerked me back to things mundane. I knew that it was Helen, that she needed me. Even before I, with the help of the black, managed to reach the instrument, a nameless dread clutched my heart. "Mogo had gathered his followers about him and, with the craftiness of the devil, had worked upon their fears, their superstitions, until they became as wax in his hands. The Lily-white must be destroyed. Just so long as the yellow-haired woman lived, their god, Zombo, would frown upon them. “All this Helen told me. I cried out and beat my hands, for I knew thei’e was more to come. I sensed that danger menaced my darlings.; "Again my beloved’s voice eame to me; ‘They are attacking the house now,’ she said and the calmness Of despair held her voice steady. ‘ TheyVIALS OF WRATH 677 are battering down the front door. Our servants are assisting them.’ "I cursed, cursed, CURSED! In that moment I became a devil. Even now, I am amazed at the depths of evil into which this horror plunged me. "I called to Helen that I was com- ing to her. But her voice never trem- bled as she made answer. ‘Do not leave the wire. It will be but a few minutes before it is all over. You could not possibly reach here in time. Let us talk to each other—until-’ "She told me, quite calmly, that she was barricaded in her chamber; that, when our servants deserted her, she had locked the doors and win- dows, taken the baby and repaired to the upper story, where the telephone was located. " ‘Helen,’ I called, ‘Helen, are you —armed?’ "Her voice came back, clearly, ‘Yes. I will wait until I am certain. When I am certain-. It is the only way. Baby first. Then I-’ "Again a pause, then: ‘They are in the house—coming up the stair. I hear our servants. There are four more with them . .. They are pound- ing on the door ... It is beginning to crack. Darling, I must save— baby!’ "Frenzied with horror I crouched there, my ear to the receiver. I could hear blows rained upon the door. I heard a shot. I screamed, wildly. I knew that my baby, my bright-eyed darling, was dead. Again I heard Helen speaking: ‘It is almost over, dear love,’ she said. ‘I have set fire to the room. Mogo’s cannibals must not-’ "Again I heard a babel of sounds, of screams, curses and blows. " ‘The fire is burning rapidly,’ came the dear voice. ‘The blacks know I have outwitted them. But they are still at the door. I-’ ' "A rending crash interrupted her. The door caved in. I heard Helen scream. I heard a shot, then the con- nection was severed and I fell for- ward, unconscious. "For days I was a maniac. When reason again asserted itself I re- turned to the scene of the tragedy. A pile of blackened embers was all that remained of the house. I searched the ruins and found a few human bones. These I gave Christian burial and over them I vowed a vow. "It has taken me a long time to ful- fil it, but—I have done so.” Carson’s voice had become a mere whisper, but he struggled on, his eyes fixed on mine. "Yes,” he repeated, “it took a long time, but—I accomplished my vow. I found the seven who murdered my wife and babe, and one by one I cruci- fied them—head down. If you ever visit Africa you can find their rotting carcasses in a cave, back a short dis- tance from the mission house site. I am the only living person who knows of the existence of this cave, but” (here he produced a roughly sketched chart) "take this and you will find it without difficulty.” His eyes flickered and closed. For a moment I thought he had answered the last call. But with his ebbing breath he struggled on: “From that day—I go insane when —I hear a telephone bell. I live again the awful agony of that hour. I can see it all—all!” I tried to soothe him, but he seemed past all human help. I sat beside his cot, stunned, unable to think clearly. For a time he slept. Then his eyes flew open, he sprang up in bed and a look of ecstasy overspread his drawn features. *	‘ Helen! ” he cried. * ‘ Why, Helen, my darling!” My eyes involuntarily followed the direction of Carson’s. When I looked at him again he was lying back on his pillows, a smile of serene peace upon his dead, gray face.A Startling Tale of Thought Transmission by Radio The Experiment of Erich Weigert By SEWELL PEASLEE WRIGHT THE moment I gazed out over the audience I saw him. He was seated far back under the balcony that overhung the little audi- torium, but even in the heavy shadow I could see his eyes; eyes that seemed alight with cold brilliance, like a dia- mond in the moonlight. Although I was more or less accus- tomed to public speaking, and was very much at home with my subject that evening, "Radio As It Used To Be,” something about the unfaltering regard of the man under the balcony confused me. His eyes were on me constantly; every move I made, every gesture, every change in expression, those unwinking blue orbs seemed to register. I wondered who he was; surely I had never seen him before, nor he me. I caught myself addressing myself to him, and when once his head seemed to nod slightly as though in approval of something I had said, a strange thrill of pleasure tingled along my spine. There was a power in the man; a sort of benign malignancy. I was glad when I finished and could eseape from that unwavering regard. After the meeting broke up he came up toward the stage, where I was chatting with several officers of the radio association responsible for 678 the meeting I had just addressed. They moved away as they noted the stranger’s obvious intention to speak to me. He was a little man, I saw now, not more than five feet six inches in height, but his shoulders were broad and massive, and his head was larger than mine. But it was his face that held my gaze. His eyes, as I had said, seemed to bum coldly, with the same chilly, weird blue light of an electric spark. They were deep-set eyes, separated with a thin, sharply beaked nose that somehow seemed repulsively cruel. His mouth was thin and turned down sharply at the corners, two deep wrin- kles springing from near the base of his nose accenting its contour. Above a high forehead that bulged strange- ly clung tangled sparse gray locks. He smiled ingratiatingly as he drew near, and as he spoke, his voice was surprizingly pleasant. "Mr. Saylor, I enjoyed your talk very much indeed. For a man of your years you have a very keen insight into radio.” He offered his hand as he spoke, and I took it cordially. For all his unprepossessing appearance, there was a certain appeal about the man; the strength of his personality at-THE EXPERIMENT OF ERICH WEIGERT 679 traded more than his appearance re- pelled. "I’ve been working with radio for fourteen years now,” I replied smil- ing. "Ham, Marconi ‘op’, experi- mental work for a manufacturer, de- signing, all that sort of thing. Bound to pick up a little here and there, you know.” "Yes, indeed! A great deal of ex- perience for a young man. You seem—pardon me! I have neglected to introduce myself; Erich Weigert, at your service!” He bowed a quick little foreign, military bow, heels to- gether. "If you have nothing else in mind, Mr. Saylor, and would be interested, I would like to take you through my own little laboratory this evening. ’ ’ Erich Weigert! And an invitation to go through his laboratory! It is no wonder that I gasped. I had heard of him as a wealthy, somewhat mys- terious recluse with scientific leanings, but I had never seen him before that memorable night. \\7eigert’s machine soon whisked V	» ug 0ll|, to his residence near the outskirts of the city. Only a few lights were burning as we turned in at the grass-grown drive, but I could make out the house as a massive, square pile, squat and ugly in the moonlight, topped with an octagonal cupola, like some uncouth excrudes- cenee, its panes glaring bleakly over the rather extensive, high-walled grounds that surrounded the place. The door was opened by a young woman whom a moment later Weigert introduced as his wife. The affection and pride in his voice as he presented me struck me as being the first real feeling that he had evidenced since I had met him. He had a very real reason for his pride, for his wife was undeniably beautiful. The instant she raised her soft, dark eyes to mine I was struck almost dumb with their remarkable loveliness. I say I was struck almost dumb; I say that because to talk of love at first sight is to bring up visions of youthful exaggerations. It is true that as Vera Weigert and I looked into each other’s eyes that night, something was bom of that union of glances that never died— that never will die. Call it what you will, for I must on with my story. I remember but vaguely the trip through the big bare laboratory that Weigert had made of two adjoining rooms at one side of the house. Later I became very well acquainted with the delicate instruments, the gener- ators and transformers and the im- mense variety of*tubes with which the laboratory was equipped, but that night my mind was too full of Vera Weigert. It was not until after Wei- gert invited me to a chair in front of the big fireplace in the front room, between himself and his wife, that the trend of his conversation began to make an impression on my mind. “Your remark this evening that the mystery had all gone from radio, de- spite the fact that radio was doing greater marvels today than ever, struck me particularly,” Weigert said with a nod of approval, glancing first at me, and then at his wife. “It is true, today they hook up eight tubes and hear from one coast to an- other or perhaps one continent listens to another—with the power of the sending station listed in many thou- sands of watts. Bali! It is lie kill- ing ants with a steam-roller! In the days when we caught the buzz and scratch of spark signals two thousand miles away — and more — with our crystals, silicon, galena, perikon — then there was mystery, romance, to radio. Today my barber’s wife can twiddle the switches and dials of her set and copy from coast to coast as easily as she can change the records on her phonograph. The scientist, the man with imagination, has left that phase of radio far behind; it is680 WEIRD TALES a husk from whieh all the sweetness has been sucked! ’ ’ “True,” I nodded. "I find no in- terest in radio communications now. But, sir, the transmission of photo- graphs by radio—and we arc doing that now, you know—fires my imag- ination. I have been working myself along those lines,” I added some- what timidly, for Erich Weigert had a terrific force of personality that made me feel very young beside him. “Perhaps the day is not so far off when we shall be able to broadcast moving pictures as well as the music to accompany them!” “Aber! Aber! That is but a step!” broke in Weigert, interrupting me with sudden and unexpected violence. "First code, then speech, then pic- tures. Good! A start, perhaps, but —not more than a start, Mr. Say- lor!” He dropped his voice until it was little more than an insinuating whisper, and his eyes gleamed with indescribable earnestness. "Thought! That’s the thing; the transmission of thought! Through the ages they have tried it. Some have claimed to have perfected it, but it was never so. Be- tween two particular individuals, per- haps; but it has never been made a science. Radio can make it a science, Mr. Saylor; radio and I!” I think he would have said more, but his wife deftly changed the sub- ject, and Weigert allowed himself to be led by the soft leash of her voice. As for me, I was in a sort of uneasy paradise to be there beside her, to lis- ten to her sweet voice, and the rest of the evening flew by far too quickly. For days after two voices ruled my brain. One was her soft "Good night. Mr. Saylor!” and the other was Erich Weigert’s cordial invitation to return to talk radio again some other night very soon. Should I go? Or should I heed the warning that my inner self shrieked in my mental ears? Should I place myself as one side of a tri- angle ? And such a triangle! It was very evident that Weigert was wild- ly in love with his young wife, and with his temperament and personality —but why prolong the debate that raged in my mind ? You know, if you have ever been a man, and young, how it was decided. I went—went not once but many times. I think that Erich Weigert grew for me a real affection; I could follow him along the lesser-trodden paths of radio research and could even lead him into some of the ramifications of the great science. My ideas, or at least many of them, agreed with his own. And to the man who had cut himself off from the rest of the world that he might devote himself to his work, I suppose I was a welcome con- tact point with the outside. It was the love that waxed and grew between Vera and myself that caused me the most concern. There was that between us that made every moment near her a bitter paradise; a joyous hell. And that she responded to my passion with a love as great as my own, I had only to look into her eyes to see. A quick pressure of her hand, a touch on the arm in passing; little things, yet they were all we had. And they were enough to drive me to any madness. One night Weigert excused himself for a moment, to fetch some- thing from the laboratory. As he disappeared through the heavy drapes her eyes met mine, and for a long moment we sat, drinking deep of the forbidden draft. Then, compelled by a force greater than the1 will of either of us, we rose to our feet and an instant later I had her in my arms, my lips crushed on hers. I thought that I caught out of the corner of my eyes, a movement of the drapes across the door, and she de- tected my sudden start. "What is it, dear?” she whispered.THE EXPERIMENT OP ERICH WEIGERT	681 "Nothing. But I thought the drapes moved just then. It startled me for a moment. ’ ’ "It might have been him!” she whispered fiercely. “He is a devil! He knows everything. Perhaps-” But before she could finish we heard his steps coming down the hall, and we hastened to seat ourselves. Evidently Weigert had not been spying on us, for he was his normal self when he entered the room. In- tensely jealous though he was, he had never seemed to see the love that was between his wife and me. I should have read the man better; should have realized that those cold blue eyes missed nothing, and that such a personality could dissemble un- til—until- “V/17'e have often talked about V	▼ thought transmission by radio, Saylor. You remember?” Weigert was talking to me over the ’phone, as we often chatted of an afternoon, when both of us had a little time. There was a certain tenseness in his voice that vaguely excited me. "Yes,” I answered quickly. "Have you-?” *	‘ I think so. I am going to try the experiment tonight. Would you care to be on hand and assist me?” "I certainly deem it an honor to be asked!” He chuckled as at some private bit of humor before he replied. "Will you be on hand at 8 sharp, then ? I must get to work now; there’s a lot to do before tonight. Remember, 8 o’clock sharp!” It was exactly three minutes of 8 when Erich Weigert admitted me that night. I showed him my watch, laughingly. "See how well I obeyed orders?” "Fine!” he nodded. "We will go directly to the laboratory; I am nat- urally anxious as to the success of our experiment.” The cold glitter in his eyes and the deepening of the harsh lines that ac- cented the habitual sneer on the ‘thin lips had told me at first glance that his nerves were near the breaking point, and as he spoke a vibrant un- dertone of his voice affirmed the truth of my judgment. The laboratory, as I have said, was composed of two rooms, but tonight Weigert had pulled tightly shut the sliding doors between them. Before I had time to question him, even had I felt so inclined, he directed my at- tention to a table in the center of the room. On it was a mass of apparatus, in which I recognized many familiar instruments, although one or two of the devices were utterly foreign to my experience. Four receiving tubes burned near one edge of the tangle. "Sit down in the chair, Saylor,” suggested Weigert. " You ’re going to act as the receiving agent in this lit- tle test, since you so kindly volun- teered to help. There; so.” He placed me in a big, overstuffed chair that stood beside the table and directed his attention to the appa- ratus. "You see, I have reasoned it out this way,” he commented as he worked: ‘ ‘ thought is a function of the brain. Therefore”—he turned to me with an odd contrivance in his hand, a collarlike piece of apparatus, at- tached to some part of the array on the table by two long, flexible wires— "receiving of thought must be by getting in contact with the brain, either directly or through nerves run- ning to the brain. Understand?” I nodded, only partly understand- ing, and yet dominated utterly by the intense blue light that flared in his agate-hard blue eyes. " So! Then we place this little col- lar of soft chamois around your neck, buckling it tightly in place,” he con- tinued, suiting the action to the word. "That cold sensation you feel at the back is nothing but a plate of heavy682 WEIRD TALES silver foil; its function is to conduct to the nerve-cable of your spinal col- umn the thought impulses after they are sufficiently amplified and ener- gized by this apparatus.” For a few minutes he seemed to forget me utterly, and he leaned over the apparatus on the table, inspecting it, testing and adjusting. I watched him curiously, a premonition of evil settling down over me as a cold ocean fog rolls down into the lowlands. I was glad when he finally straightened up and once more spoke. "Everything seems to be all ready,” he said. “I’m not quite sure what current will be needed here, so I’ll cut out this potentiometer slowly. You tell me”—and he put his face close to mine and glared down into my eyes—“what you feel.” “But—but the other subject?” I ventured. "Who is transmitting?” •	"The other subject,” he said curt- ly, "is in the next room. Keep your mind as free from outside thoughts as you can. Close your eyes. Relax.” In the stillness of the room I could hear the slight scrape of the contact arm over the wires of the potentio- meter, but save for a nervous tickle up and down my spine I could feel nothing. "Not enough, eh?” questioned Weigert, evidently watching my im- passive face. I shook my head. The potentiometer scraped again, and I became aware of a soft warm- ness in the region directly under the metal plate; a warmth that crept up- ward until it suffused the whole base of my brain. There was a sort of un- dulating quality about it that made me dizzy, that seemed to make me reel and sway even as I sat ensconced in the broad arms of the chair. "It begins to make itself felt?” I opened my eyes with a little start; his voice seemed to come from some outer world. Weigert was peering down at me, his'b-ii3 eye > flight with scientific fer- vor—or was it something more? He scowled as he saw my eyes open. "Keep your eyes shut!” he com- manded harshly. "How can the ex- periment succeed if you disobey or- ders?” I closed my eyes and sank back into the chair, and again the surging heat swept upward into my brain. I heard the potentiometer scrape; more and more .... It is hard to put down in black and white that which sounds so incred- ible that I myself can hardly believe it. But I shall try. The pulsation of the warm waves increased; slowly at first and then with a sudden rush. Although my eyes were tightly shut, the impression of great red roaring flames swept be- fore me as though my face were buried in a very fountain of fire. And then, gradually, a thought was born in my mind; not a thought as it springs to the normal, conscious mind, but a thought from without forced it- self into my mind and grew there, swelling from an unrecognizable seed to a palpitant growth — and the thought that had been planted in my mind, and that grew there so vividly, as if before some inner eye, was a thought of love! Love as boundless as space itself; as real and actual as a mighty block of granite. Love; love for me! Soundless, formless words, as intangible and elusive as wisps of mist, swam through my bursting brain; words of affection, endear- ment, sacrifice, love. I was aware, too, of another ele- ment, as though the picture was shot through with intermittent flashes of red, disrupting light, Pain! Agony! Fear! Despair! These were the things that were marring the beauty of my inward vision. I could feel my face writhe with the beauty and the horror of it all, but it held me en- thralled in its mysterious grasp. I wanted to tear the accursed thingTHE EXPERIMENT OF ERICH WEIGERT 683 from my throat, to leap up, to cry aloud- Suddenly, totally, the torture stopped; there were only the warm, throbbing waves of feeling inundat- ing my brain. I opened my eyes and leaped from the chair, cursing. "What damnable thing is this you have here?” I shouted. "I have been to hell and back again! I should have gone crazy had you not turned it off when you did!” The eager, curious light went from Erich Weigert’s eyes, and in its place came a glint of sardonic amusement. "I did not turn it off,” he said calmly. "But I can imagine why you thought I did.” He deftly removed the band around my neck and tossed it carelessly onto the table. "And now—would you not like to see—the other subject; the sender?” An icy chill gripped my every nerve and sinew; there was something diabolically sinister in the man’s face and in the soft tones of his voice. I nodded dumbly, still dazed from the experiment, and stumbled in his wake to the closed double doors. He slid the doors open and stood aside that I might enter. On an operating table near the door lay a figure covered with a long white sheet. A faint odor as of an anesthetic came to my nostrils, but there was something about the abso- lute, deathly stillness of the supine figure that told me I was in the pres- ence of death itself. Trembling, the blood draining from my face, I stood and stared at the still figure and at the instrument-littered table beside the operating table. Three small wires from the maze of instruments on the table disappeared under the edge of the sheet; two big transmitting tubes glowed yellowly in the bright light that flooded the room. A dim, horrible idea began to take shape in my mind. "See!” chuckled Weigert, his voice grating on the silence like the screech of a rusty hinge. "The sending sub- ject!” He strode forward and tore the sheet from the figure. I felt my knees tremble beneath me, and I leaned against the wall for support. There on the table, dressed in a simple white robe, lay the body of Vera Weigert! My eyes refused to move from the fearful sight. A spot above either ear had been shaved, and on the scalp thus exposed a red circle with edges —my God! "Just as the receiving element must work directly upon the nerve trunk,” I heard Weigert saying, "the sending must be done, at least with the crude apparatus I have, direct from the emanating source. And that, of course, is—the brain! Hence the trephine that seems to strike you as so interesting. "This little band passes under the head as you see, and presses two silver disks directly upon the brain; or, strictly speaking, upon the dura mater, to get the desired contact.” Faster and faster the man spoke— or did my reeling senses imagine that ? His voice, from a calm, scientific mon- otone, rose almost to a chriek. "There she is, Saylor! Why don’t you caress her hand now ? Why don’t you hold her close and press her lips now, man ? There she is, and with the last spark of her energy she sent you a message, Saylor! What was the message? You won’t tell me? It must have been wonderful; wonder- ful! "I knew the experiment would be a success! You two loved each other; you were attuned as two human be- ings seldom are attuned. It was an ideal opportunity to prove that I was right; that thought could be trans- mitted—and to avenge myself upon a faithless wife and a faithless friend!” I tried to speak, but my dry tongue refused to move from the roof of mym WEIRD TALES mouth. But he saw my throat move, and he chuckled again. "You would deny it, eh? You- But no matter! Let me tell you how I did it. It will interest you. "I told her what I was going to do. Told her that if she did not submit, I would take your life as the penalty. And—does this give you pleasure, Saylor?—she consented. "I gave her scopolamin-morphin as an anesthetic, for I knew that would permit her subconscious mind to con- tinue its functioning. Then, careful- ly—oh, very carefully, for I did not want her to die too soon!—I trephined the skul1. just at the fissure of Syl- vius, thus locating my electrodes in the sensory area. Very well thought out, was it not? "I knew that her last thoughts would be of you; thoughts of love for her lover. Strong thoughts, you know; thoughts that would enable my unperfected apparatus to work; to prove that my idea is feasible! Thoughts that would hold over and run constantly through her subcon- scious mind. Thoughts of love, eh, Saylor? And thoughts of fear, too, perhaps? Ah! I thought I read that in your face, man; anti can you blame her? It is not pleasant to die when you are young and very beautiful and in love!” He paused and drew the tip of his tongue across his thin, bloodless lips. “And—oh, this was a joke I had not thought of!—you thought I turned it off, did you? You false friend! You fool! You meddler! You heard”—and his voice rose to a shriek like that of a maniac in hell— "I tell you, Saylor, you heard Tier die'.” I shook off the icy grip that had numbed me and leaped for the man, but before I could sink my clutching fingers in his throat he stopped me at the point of a gun which he flashed from a pocket. "Back!” he shrieked. "Back! I don’t want to kill you; I want you to live and remember—but if you move, I’ll shoot to maim. I have my plans all laid for my escape, and-” Just then I lunged. The gun roared over my head and the stench of the powder smoke swirled in my nostrils. We went down on the floor together in a whirling, flaying heap. The instrument table fell over with a terrific crash, and as I fought I saw out of the corner of my eye a flicker of red flame shoot up as the tangled high-voltage wires hissed their danger signal. It was over in a few minutes. He was a maniac, and fought with a maniac’s strength, but I was possessed of ten thousand devils! I wrenched the gun from his hand and put it to his head, holding him down with my body and my left arm in a wrestling hold I had learned years ago. His cold blue eyes looked up into mine, glinting with sardonic amuse- ment. "And now for the Great Experi- ment!” he said, panting. "Shoot!” I glanced up at the still figure on the operating table. The flames were beginning to roar, now, and were lick- ing fiercely at the woodwork. Then I placed the gun directly above his ear, closed my eyes and pulled the trigger. 1 never looked back. The papers ran a story of a recluse and his wife trapped in a night fire. The bodies were so burned that they could not detect the holes—both just above the ear. But I know! I know! I, who heard, or felt, or lived, a woman’s dying thoughts, I know. And tonight—now, just as soon as I write the last word of this—I shall know more, for then I shall put the same gun. to my head carefully just above the ear, and—pull—the—trig- ger.....A Story of Real Power The Confession of a Madman By JAMES COCKS THE curtain is parted by an honest, fearless man, whose education was just sufficient to make a good laborious living and give him command of a coastwise ship. He knew nothing of the so- called cults of the past or present. Although he was not a scholar, his consciousness was thrilled with the knowledge that he was a man. He knew virtually nothing of what other men may have thought or written. But by virtue of the consciousness of manhood that abided in him, he dared to think and ask the reason why, and with equal persistence, search out the answer. 1 TT'or reasons I need not explain here, *■ I spent one week in the quaint little town of Padstow. It was a snug little seaport town teeming with in- dustry, having no less than two ship- building yards working at full speed. It lay embedded in a small valley pro- tected on three sides by high rolling hills—a haven in time of storm. The entrance to this port is one of the most dangerous on the Cornish coast: Padstow Points on one side, Pentire Points on the other, both bris- tling with jagged rocks like the fangs of some huge monster. Some distance in from the open sea, there is a bar of sand called the Dunebar. This lies in the very center of the pas- sageway leading into Padstow, and can be seen when the tide is low. Only a skilled pilot can guide a ship through in safety. Hundreds of ships and men have been engulfed in its treacherous quicksands. The main walk leading from the town forms a large circle above the cliffs, designated by some as the Lov- ers’ Walk; however, it is used by all alike, for it furnishes a continual re- freshing view. As one traverses this winding path, it brings to view the sand dunes on the opposite side of the wide channel. Tradition says that here lies an entire town buried by a terrific sandstorm. As one travels around the high cliffs, he is led directly to a command- ing fort, containing a few guns which silently watch the entrance to this land-protected port. A little farther around the cliffs is Padstow Cove, where the high rolling ground is sud- denly parted as if hewn out by some titanic force. A number of neat little cottages dot the sloping sides, and a pretty, sandy beach slants gracefully into the channel. Immediately in the center of this beach stands the life- boat house. My advent into Padstow was in November; the weather was cold and unsettled. In the early part of my first evening in this quaint old town, I was sitting in the bar parlor smok- ing a cigar and warming my knees by the fire—perhaps feeling a little dull. In a little while a strong wind came up, which soon became a gale. Mine 685686 WEIRD TALES t host came into the room and sat down opposite me by the fire. He said in a very serious tone, "I fear, sir, we are in for a terrible storm tonight. God pity any ship that comes near the Points!” In answer to my casual enquiry, mine host pointed out the many dan- gers that confronted the mariner in time of storm. Before he had got through his rather prolonged descrip- tion, the wind began to whistle around the comers and eaves of the roofs. The town seemed suddenly to wake up; many people were hurrying on the streets, and excited voices could be heard every few minutes; then an old seafaring man burst into the room, and, looking at mine host, shouted, "By God, Henry! There’s a foreigner (ship) on the Dunebar!” I sprang to my feet, put on my top- coat and left the room. Following the crowd, I came to the Lovers’ Walk. I do not recall ever seeing such a change in the weather in so short a time. The sea was lashing itself into a fury, and I recalled mine host’s remark: "I would pity any ship in such a storm!” IN A very short time we had reached a point overlooking the cove. There was indeed a ship fast going to pieces on the Dunebar! The terrific, monsterlike clouds were parted as if by some magic hand, leaving a clear space over the huge Points and re- vealing the terrible drama being en- acted before our eyes. Never saw I such a scene—and never do I wish to see it again. The foundering ship was lifted as if by gigantic hands on the crest of high waves, bristling in their terrible whiteness; then they re- ceded, leaving the trembling ship to strike the cruel Dunebar with a sick- ening crash. Even above the thunder and hiss of the sea we could hear the piercing shriek of splitting timber, and the snapping of bolts that once held the stately ship together. In a few minutes the ship was a mass of floating wreckage. My attention was directed to a com- manding figure standing alone on a jutting piece of rock overhanging the frightful sea. His sea-cap seemed glued to his head and shoulders, and his beard was combed by the cutting wind. Both hands were shading his eyes—he was scanning the angry sea. I turned to a man by my side and asked, ‘ ‘ Who is that man out there ? ’ ’ The man replied, “Why, stranger, that’s Tom Edivinn, the lion-hearted —the bravest man that ever stood in two shoes.” This stalwart, dark figure silhouet- ted against the sky, with Pentire Points frowning in the distance, seemed to fascinate me. Suddenly this figure turned and sprang like a cat from the jutting point and tore down the sloping hill to the cove. Many followed his example, but I was the first to get near him. There were many men and women at the cove, some bitterly weeping, for they knew only too well that on the mor- row there would be bodies washed ashore. I saw the beautiful lifeboat, spick and span, shining like a thing of life in the semi-gloom; on each side of her were the crew. I thought I had never seen such giants of manhood before. I knew these brave Cornishmen would sacrifice their lives without an in- stant’s thought, if need be, to save the life of their fellow man. Tom, as we now shall call him, strode over to this group of silent, determined men. . . . \ s I was soon to learn, Tom Edi- -**- vinn was one of the bravest men on the Cornish coast. He was a powerful man, six feet three inches in height, wide-shouldered and some- what gaunt—alert, as agile as a cat, as strong as an ox, with muscles of whiplike steel. He wore a full, well- trimmed beard, and, though kindly- looking, was grave in his demeanor.THE CONFESSION OF A MADMAN 687 As gentle as a lamb, yet he knew not the meaning of fear. Such were the general characteristics of this man whose figure, silhouetted against the sky on the jutting rock, had fascina- ted me. Some who had been with him in absolute danger, with death star- . ing them in the face, said his eyes shone like balls of fire, and flashed like miniature lightning. An hun- dred times he had taken his life in his hands to rescue some mariner. When Tom reached the lifeboat’s crew, he cried out with a loud voice: “Come on, men!—there’s a man out there alive!” He pointed to the rag- ing sea. "He can’t last more than a few minutes!” The captain of the crew replied: "Tom, it’s no use!—no boat can live in such a sea!” There were now hundreds of people assembled, and all eyes were centered on this group of men. Tom cried out, "No man shall die with Tom Edivinn looking on!” His little boat was near at hand, and the next moment he was gliding with it over the slanting, slippery beach. With the receding wave he launched himself into the seething sea. A cry rent the air, “Brave Tom has gone to his doom!” Every few minutes Tom was seen on the crest of a wave battling with the sea, and every time he appeared to view, a shout of thankfulness went up to God. He disappeared in a great hollow of the sea with a piece of wreckage to which clung the last life of the doomed ship. An instant later he was seen on the crest of a wave— there were two men in Tom’s little boat! Breathlessly the throng „watched him. Could he make the narrow cove? If he could not, no power on earth could save him from certain death. "Ah!” An intense sigh seemed to ooze from hungering hearts: “He’s going to make it as sure as heaven!” In a few minutes he was seen on the crest of a mighty wave opposite the mouth of the cove—in another instant, like a feather he was carried into the cove and dashed upon the beach. 2 T n the lifeboat house men and wom- en ministered to the seaman whom Tom had rescued. The fellow was badly shaken up and dazed from his trying ordeal; he was sufficiently recovered, however, to recognize in Tom the one who had saved his life. Soon he was comfortably asleep be- tween warm blankets. When Tom Avas himself again he came and looked at the man he had saved. lie gave a start, then a shade of pallor swept over his features, and this Avas quickly replaced Avith a look of fondest affection. He made no re- mark to those standing by, and soon he joined the others in Avatching for the floating dead. A feAV evenings later I sat chatting with mine host in the bar parlor of the Cornish Arms. The Aveather was cold and the fire Avas very cheering. There seemed unusual activity in the tavern room, termed by some the “tap room” and by others “tke kitchen.” Soon there came the notes of joyous song, accompanied by the SAveet strains of a violin. I sensed a wistful longing to be among those men of toil, to share with them their simple' amusement. Mine host seemed to have antici- pated my desire. “The boys will have a pleasant eve- ning in the tap room tonight,” he remarked, “I have seen to it they shall have a cheery fire. It will be a cold night, and many will have an extra pint of ale. If you Avould care to pass an hour Avith them, I will in- troduce you to the boys. I can assure you, you will hear some good yams, songs, and jokes.”688 WEIRD TALES . In a few minutes I was comfortably seated in their midst. I was surprized to learn that there was an organized rule for the evening’s amusement: they had a regular chairman, who sat at the center of a long table, somewhat elevated, where he could command a view of the large room. He knew each one that could sing a song, tell a joke, or dance a jig. It was strictly understood that no or- ders could be given or filled while a part was being rendered. If the story was a long one, at given points there would be an intermission for a few minutes, to satisfy the wants of the throng. This order of procedure was only one evening of each week. If a stranger came, the privilege of contributing to the evening’s amuse- ment was extended. I was gratified to see Tom Edivinn seated at the end of a large settee near the fire, immediately opposite where I sat, so I had a splendid op- portunity to study him. He was cer- tainly a rcmarkable-looking man, the most powerful I had seen in many a day; he was not fleshy, yet he was not thin, but bony and sinewy. His full beard was neatly trimmed to a point a little below his chin. His eyes were large, with heavy lashes, and crowned with bushy brows. His hair, beard, and brows were dark brown, a fitting background for his expansive forehead and rounded cheeks. He wore a heavy, coarse blue shirt, open at the throat. His head was capped with a heavy, oiled southwester, with sea-boots reaching above his knees. To my sense, he was a perfect type of the man of the sea, an ideal model for an artist. 'VX7'e had been enjoying a short in- ’ ^ termission, when crack—crack —crack came from the chairman’s hammer. "Tom.” said the chairman, "it’s a long time since you told us a story. I have been reminded by your old friend, Moses Dingle here, that there is a story you’ve been promising to relate for more than five years. We have a long evening before us, and if you feel like telling it tonight, we shall be mighty glad to hear you. What do you say?” A smile lit up Tom’s grave features as he replied, "Mr. Chairman, there’s a stiff northeaster blowing; I have just come in from the cliffs; it’s mighty cold outside, and very com- fortable in here by the fire, so you are welcome to my story to pass the evening away. "Boys, strange as it may appear to you, I am more than willing to talk; in fact, I am eager, for it has fallen to the lot of but few to experience what I shall relate this evening. You may wonder what could have hap- pened to make Tom Edivinn eager to talk. This last storm, the loss of life along the coast, the rescue of this man, whom you call the Grateful One, because of his undisguised gratitude for saving his life—this is the cause! It has touched every fiber of my be- ing and set my mind ablaze. As you know, I’ve been scarcely outside of Padstow town, yet I have known this young man, termed the Grateful One, for many years. He is now being taken care of by my family. "Boys, how often we’ve said to each other, ‘If anyone had ever come back after being dead and would tell us about it, we would believe in the hereafter.’ It is as one who has re- turned from the dead that I shall tell my tale. "Before I’m through with my story, you may think I am still af- fected with my old complaint. I do not. ask you to believe one word I’m going to say—it would not make any difference anyway. I’m going to tell . you my story because I feel compelled to do so. Perhaps, right down in my heart, I want to stir you up a bit, and make you look a little closer toTHE CONFESSION OF A MADMAN 689 your compass and chart, or think a little differently from your custom. “Boys, I am going to refer to a period of my life that I know will surprize you. Out of respect to my feelings you have never whispered of it in my presence: I refer to the ten years of my insanity, or more particu- larly that period of my life between the years of twenty-five and thirty- five. “This coming Christmas I shall be sixty years old. The record of my life, with the exception of those ten years, is fair, and known to most of you. As you know, I am not given to talking about myself. On this occa- sion, however, I can not help myself, as the tale concerns myself only., I can say honestly and fearlessly, with- out fear of contradiction, that outside of those ten years of incarceration in the Bodmin asylum I never cherished an evil thought against my fellow men. Why is it that a strong and ro- bust man, with fifty years of unblem- ished life to his credit, should have sandwiched into it ten such years and yet not be conscious of a single act, or a moment of its time? “From what I have learned from the testimony of others, I went insane without a moment’s warning, and when I came out of it I did so just as quickly. At the moment they said my reason had returned, I felt as if some indignity had been put upon my person. I said to the professor, * Why is it I have been called to pass through this ordeal? I feel as if I’ve been imposed upon!’ He replied, ‘My dear sir, you have had a disease, our treatment has rid you of it, you are now restored to your wonted health and strength.’ “I said very quietly to the pro- fessor, ‘I’m certain that you have had a terrible time with me, and I am grateful for the care you have given me; but your treatment has had no part or place in the return of my rea- son.’ "Boys, I was born and raised in this little town; some of you have known me since I was a youth, I went with you to the penny-a-week school. I passed some of you a little in edu- cation; through the kindness of the Honorable Mr. Brune, I spent one year with liis boys under their private tutor. I attended the Sunday school, Bible class, and all the preaching services. My boyhood was clean, and (I’ve heard) manly. My young man- hood was virtuous, the energies of youth were conserved. I was as sound physically and mentally as any man that ever stood in a pair of shoes. I speak plainly, to show there were not the gross‘errors of youth and ig- norance, whereby my future might have been undermined and weak- ened. “When I reached my twenty-fifth year—a point that marked an epoch in my life—my mind was as clear as the noonday sun. The blood in my veins tingled with health; I felt as strong as a young bull. Life was sweet, I loved my fellow man; the ap- peal of want hurt me, the cry of help pierced my heart like a knife. I loved my wife and children, and they— thank God—loved me in return. Work was a pleasure, and idleness distaste- ful to me. I loved the sea; its jagged cliffs fascinated me: when the storm was fiercest I was there, for I could not enjoy the genial comfort of my home while the storm was raging. A great upheaving force ever prompted me to help my fellow man in distress. "Boys, I have walked that Dunebar all hours of the night and day, try- ing to grasp the meaning of its treacherous depths, which have sucked down so many precious lives in its quicksands. "I know you’ll be surprized that I am blowing my own horn; my only excuse is that I’ve not blown it very much in the past. Many times, I, Tom Edivinn, your townsman and comrade, have gone out to that Dime-690 WEIRD TALES bar and bent my knees over its ghast- ly depths and unknown dead, asking God to accept the strength of my limbs, and the devotion of my heart, to consecrate me to the service of my fellow men in saving them from its depths and the jagged rocks. I am simple enough to believe that the gigantic force which we call God heard my prayer and desire. "The longest way around to a sick neighbor’s cottage was my shortest way home. Once only have I felt like fighting and hurting my fellow man. One morning when I was out on the cliffs scanning the sea with my tele- scope, my attention was drawn to the Dun^bar, I saw something sticking out of the sand, and I knew it was not the topmast of a ship slowly be- ing sucked down: there was sea-weed attached to it. I could not make out what it was, so I went out to investi- gate. When I had removed the sea- weed, I gave a gasp of pain, for there stood revealed a man’s arm sticking out of the sand. This is the only instance I know of the Dune- bar ever giving up its dead. On the index finger was a gold ring. For a moment I was startled— it looked as if it was being of- fered me. I dug out the body, placed it in my boat and brought it in. "When 1 reached our docks, I came alongside of a schooner lying there. She hailed from Liverpool. Her cap- tain, a massive man, looked over the side and saw the corpse in my boat. ‘Ah, you big landlubber,’ he said, ‘so that’s what you do for a living, scraping sand for dead bodies! A low-down bodysnatcher! Why in thunder don’t you go to work?’ "Well, boys, those words made me feel as I had never felt before. I made my boat fast, and went on the quay where the schooner lay. I said, ‘Cap’n, step ashore a minute, I want to say a few words to you! ’ He jumped on the quay mighty quickly. I said, ‘Cap’n, my name is Tom Edi- vinn. Take a walk for ten minutes and enquire about me; when you come back, if you don’t take back your words, I’m going to ram them back down your throat. This is a new business to me; if I get started I ain’t quite sure when I shall quit!’ “He came over and glared into my eyes; our noses almost hit. I said, ‘You had better hurry along, or I shall withdraw the privilege!’ At that he smiled and replied. ‘You look pretty good, but I think I can go you one better. You had better take off those sea-boots and your coat; you can’t scrap with those things on. I suppose I’ll find out you’re the best man in port, and the bully as well! ’ " ‘Tarnation!’ I said. ‘You’d bet- ter hurry along. I’m getting impa- tient ! ’ "Well, boys, in about fifteen min- utes he came back, held out his hand with a good-natured smile on his face, and said, ‘Tom, those words don’t go; I’m sorry I said them. Put on your boots and coat and let’s have some home-brewed ale.’ ' "There was nothing on the corpse to identify it, except some tattooing on the right forearm; a full-rigged ship, an anchor, and the letters C. M. I gained permission to retain the ring. On the inside was engraved, ‘From Mother, to A. M.’ “This ring I retained up to about five years ago, when I returned it to the mother of the young man I had dug out of the sands of the Dunebar. I want you to remember this incident, for I shall refer to it again before I am through with this story. 3 " T) oys, I asked a while ago, how is it ■D that a strong, robust man with fifty years of unblemished life to his credit, should have sandwiched into it ten such terrible years and yet not be conscious of a single act or a mo- ment of its time? I feel now as I felt when my reason returned—thatTHE CONFESSION OF A MADMAN 691 some indignity had been put upon my person, that I had been imposed upon. My whole being welled up in protest. Here was I, a young man thirty-five years of age, in the full vigor of life, with ten years literally stolen out of it, over which I—that is to say, my individuality—had absolutely no part nor place, not even the consciousness of one solitary moment of its time. "If it had not been for the testi- mony of my loved ones, and the growth and change I could so plain- ly see in them, I could not have be- lieved that ten years of my life had been passed in an insane asylum. What was I to do? I had reasoning powers, and was analytically inclined. I was confronted with a blank wall— an impassable gulf. "When I returned to the bosom of my family, my children around me, my wife placed her arms around my neck, and with tears streaming down her cheeks said, ‘Oh Tom! It has been such a long wait!’ "I replied, ‘My dear, I do not un- derstand; I know that something has occurred, I know there is a lapse, and even the sense of lapse is so indistinct, I can not in any way define it. I sense a seeming haze; it has shape, circum- ference, color and form; yet I can not express or define a single detail. It is something between this moment and yesterday, but you say that my yesterday is to you ten years of lone- liness, waiting, anxiety, and untold suffering. " ‘My wife,’ I continued, ‘I can as- sure you, to me it has been a very lit- tle while—just a short nap. Perhaps I ean best explain it as a dream, and a pretty dream it must have been, for I am sure there was no element of nightmare in it. ’ "Then I saw the lines of care and sorrow. Her hair was streaked with premature gray. My little boy of five was standing before me a robust lad of fifteen. My sweet baby girl of two was now a splendid girl of twelve, with a wealth of rich brown hair fall- ing to her waist, I took them in my arms and wept. Those were the tears of a baffled man. ‘ ‘ When alone in my bedroom, I studied my features in a mirror. I looked older then, at thirty-five, than I do now at sixty. Some diabolical change had taken place. I removed my clothes and examined my person; it was covered with scars, braises and contusions; my limbs and body were black, green and blue. "My soul rebelled at what I saw. What cruelty, what indignity, shame, and injustice, had been inflicted on my person ? I, who had devoted every breath within me to alleviate suffer- ing, and had used my strength to bat- tle with the unreasoning sea to help my fellow man, had been dashed un- mercifully on jagged rocks and reefs I knew not of. No galley slave had been humiliated like this. Was this indeed I, who had been called by some ‘the lion-hearted’? Every idealistic thought within me cried out. I walked my room in anger. I again felt that I would like to fight, just as I felt when that captain called me a body- snatcher. " A fter I had become used to my surroundings and felt settled, I called on good old Dr. Morely, one of the grandest men Cornwall has pro- duced. I put the matter to him, and told him of my predicament, He said with all the compassion in his nature, ‘My dear Tom, why bother about it? The indisputable fact remains, you have been insane. There has been a lapse in your memory of ten years. It is absolutely lost to you. It is im- possible for you, while sane, to ap- prehend the state of your mind when insane! ’ "Boys, this matter was always on my mind, yet I confided in no one, for I did not want my problem to be- come a theme for idle tongues and gossip.692 WEIRD TALES "Well, I took tip ray life at thirty- five, where I had left it off at twenty- five. My mind was as sound as a bell, but my body was in a fearful state. Mv limbs were like props un- der me; the strength of my arms was gone, and the elasticity of my muscles missing. I felt as if I owed someone —or it—a good licking for misusing my property so. "I was reminded of old Mother Jones, who went to Plymouth to spend a month with her daughter. She left her cottage spick and span, every- thing in order, everything in its place. Tramps took possession in her ab- sence. When Mother Jones came back, the bed was in disorder, thn car- pets ruffled and the floor dirty—dis- order, filth and neglect everywhere. I felt shocked, just like Mother Jones when she realized how her home had been desecrated. It took me a year to patch up my body and restore it to its previous condition. Thank God. I suc- ceeded!” At this point, crack went the ham- mer of the chairman, and there was an intermission of a few minutes. Tom looked at me and said, " Stran- ger, I see that you are taking notes of my story! Well, I’ll finish my tale: if you think it is of sufficient interest, you may publish it to the world.” The waitresses were busy for a few minutes, then Tom continued. "Boys, what proof have I that I am in your midst tonight telling you my story, my confession? That’s the problem I have had to work out. Ex- istence, consciousness, love, harmony, spirit, power, knowledge, are ever- lastingly existent; their laws are never for one instant inactive. I know that I exist, because the knowl- edge that I exist is the proof of my existence. "Reasoning along those lines, that my knowledge of existence had no part in what took place at the asy- lum, I was forced to the con- clusion that if my identity, my knowl- edge of self was not at the Bodmin asylum during those ten year’s of so- callcd insanity, it was simply some- where else. 4 "T)oys, one beautiful moonlight night I took my boat and fishing tackle and went out to the Dunebar. After setting my lines, I sat down and mused 011 many things, then I gave a start when my ten years of oblivion were brought to mind. I sat up stiff with the thought that my problem’s solution was in my own mind and not in someone’s else. I be- gan to think about the lecturer that paid this town a visit. He told us about our objective and subjective minds. Now I don’t pretend to know much about this, but it was made plain to my understanding before I had been long at the Dunebar that whatever the objective mind experi- enced in its daily routine was record- ed somewhere in our own selves—call it subjective mind if you will; it could never be lost or annihilated, though we might lose all consciousness of it for many years, maybe a lifetime. I clapped my hands with pure joy when I understood this. Then I tried to lose all sense of my surroundings. The gentle swish of the water playing on the edge of the Dunebar became as distant music. After a while I seemed to be looking at a large volume of dis- tant haze, mist, or cloudlike sub- stance. This was slowly drawing to- ward me; as it drew close I could dis- tinguish indistinct forms and color— not unlike a picture out of focus. I felt that if it came any nearer I should be swallowed up or enshrouded in it. A cell-like something opened in my mentality—instantly my mind became flooded with understanding. I was as one in an audience watching the projecting on the screen of a story in which I was the principal actor. As each scene was unfolded, I knew/ THE CONFESSION OF A MADMAN 693 absolutely what the next scene would be. ‘ ‘ I saw a stone cottage with a straw- thatched roof, having a center en- trance for two families. On one side lived a childless couple; their only child had died and was buried in the churchyard near by. The mother gath- ers some flowers from the little front garden and visits the flower-kept grave. She returns to her home, takes out her child’s clothes from a bureau drawer and kisses them affectionately, while tears roll down her cheeks. She prays to be blest with another child. "On the other side of the cottage lives a widow with three children, a small boy and girl, and a grown son named Heney, a fine, strapping young man who follows the sea as able sea- man. His ship is docked in the ad- joining port, and they are expecting him home. The widow looks often out of the small, four-paned window, and then at the cook-stove. The table is laid for the expected visitor. ‘ ‘ The little boy and girl at the front garden give a cry of delight and rush to meet their big sailor brother. There is a happy gathering as they sit around the table. Heney fondles the little ones and produces some pres- ents. The widow, looking very seri- ous, comes to Heney, places her arms around his neck and shoulders and says, ‘My son, your father lost his life at sea; won’t you give it up and stay home and live with us?’ Heney re- plies earnestly, ‘Mother dear, I, like my dad, am cut out for the sea—I, too, expect to find a watery grave! ’ "Boys, far more quickly than I’m telling you, the action of these two families was unfolded to my appre- hension; yet there was no sense of hurry—every incident was properly punctuated with comma, colon, semi- colon and period. The mental atmos- phere and inner workings of these homes were fully understood. With the passing of time the childless couple’s prayers are about to be an- swered. "Now, my boys and friends,” con- tinued Tom, "I am coming to the great secret that baffled all my en- quiry for years—and to me, the most wonderful experience that could un- fold to the consciousness of man. the morning of that fateful day when Padstow Town mourned for Tom Edivinn their townsman—that is to say, the morn- ing of the day I was judged insane and committed to the Bod- min asylum—I went out to Gull Rock. While 'J was there, a ship signaled for a pilot. I boarded her and brought her in. When my day’s work was done, I never felt better in my life. We have our gloomy days as well as our bright days, and this day was exceptionally bright. I returned to my home with a song in my heart; when the supper was over and the things cleared away, my wife came and gave me a kiss and said, ‘ Tom, the children and I are go- ing to sing for you, to comfort your great big heart!’ ‘All right,’ said I, sitting back in my easy chair and lighting my pipe. ‘ ‘ She sat at the organ, and the chil- dren stood at each side of her. She sang a number of songs, then she sang Nearer Mrj God to Thee. With its opening strains came a warm mel- low feeling in my bosom. As she con- tinued to sing I felt it stealing through my entire person. I felt the blood quicken in my veins—my chest seemed to expand with glorious fire. A great light seemed suddenly to have become ignited in me—joy and love filled my soul. "The lamp on the organ seemed magnified a thousandfold; it was a living brilliancy. It enveloped their persons; their forms seemed spiritual- ized and resplendent in their beauty. I, Tom Edivinn, big, rough and clumsy, felt like a little child—then694 WEIRD TALES like a lightning bolt out of a clear sky I was seized with a sudden pain in my head and heart. 1 sprang from my seat to go toward my wife. I said brokenly, ‘Mary,’ I said, ‘I—don’t— feel—I—I!-’ Then I fell, my head striking the edge of a chair. Then came an utter blank. "Up to this point nothing had been added to what I already knew— though not a single incident or emo- tion had been omitted; I experienced the entire day over again, yet it was as one apart from it that I witnessed what occurred. I saw the fearful anguish of my beloved little family around my prostrate form. Then I was startled to see the skulking, hid- eous form of a hunchback in a corner of the room, looking with a leer of expectancy. Though I knew what was about to follow (as a third party, apparently), I simply marveled at what I saw. From the top of my head, to the soles of my feet, a some- thing left my body and remained sta- tionary just above my head. It was not unlike steam rising from a hot cloth. I saw a look of devilish glee stealing into the horrible features of that thing in the corner. In a few seconds I saw my complete form sus- pended in the air, rigid and in line with my body; and then—marvel of marvels—I saw my great (some call it astral) form contracting with- in itself, with a slight inward rolling movement, until it assumed the per- fect size, shape and form of a babe. I experienced a thrill and emotion, an exquisite vibration of ecstasy that I have not language to express. In- stantly the hunchback came between my infant form and the prostrate body and spread himself over it. As my form had been exhaled, his form was inhaled, or absorbed. He disap- peared. As his actions for ten years while occupying my body were not a part of my consciousness, I was forced to learn from other sources what oc- curred. "While I was seeing with my ob- jective sense all that occurred I was realizing the unspeakable joy of an infant. With the shrinking or dimin- ishing of my six feet three inches of form, my gross sinful nature shrank with it, until it became so minute, it was lost to consciousness—I was a pure babe. “In and of ourselves we can not prove we were ever infants, or were ever born. Memory takes us back to a very early period of our life and then ceases—there is a gulf between the beginning of memory and the birth of our present existence, and we are forced to rely on the testimony of others. But how different with me, your humble townsman! I sensed and enjoyed all that took place dur- ing this period of infancy. There was no sense of time. My family was forgotten, for the four walls of my home disappeared, my infant form was surrounded with myriads of other babe forms, some more and some less developed than my own, luxuriating in billows of downy clouds, accom- panied with the sweetest music mortal ever heard; then my infant form was released from its companions. “Infinitesimally I sensed a feeling of fatigue, then I lapsed into a state of restful peace, from which I evolved to a consciousness of new objects and surroundings—I was a babe at my mother’s bosom in the straw-thatched cottage. 5 "At the cottage there is great re- joicing. Ileney the sailor is home for a visit, and he is fascinated with my baby self. He enjoys fond- ling the babe, whom he has dubbed ‘Sonny.’ My parents and his family marvel at his great love for the little one. Whenever he is away from home, every letter enquires for little Sonny. “Naturally, and quickly, I saw the unfoldment from infancy to child-THE CONFESSION OF A MADMAN 695 hood, then from childhood to boy- hood. I was thrilled when Heney wrote that he had bought Sonny’s first suit of clothes—a velvet sailor suit with gold buttons. I, with his young brother and sister, rushed down the lane to meet him on his mo- mentous visit. He carried a bundle, and in it was my first suit of boy’s clothes. "He played and romped with us; to me he was the great big man of the sea. On every visit he spent all his time with us children. I being the smallest, he gave me the most atten- tion. With childish awe I listened to his tales of the sea. Hand in hand we would wander to the cliffs to view the passing ships, and watch the humble fishermen and sea birds. "I was never very robust, though I was perfectly happy and knew noth- ing of pain or discomfort; this caused them to be more thoughtful, loving and kind.” At this point Tom stopped his nar- rative for a moment, then looked around the room and continued. "Boys, I must cut my story short, for it would take me a week to tell you of the joys, hopes and desires of those glorious ten years of my life, experiencing again the throbs, im- pulses and inspirations of childhood. From the limitless depths of my sub- conscious mind an idea would well up, my objective mind would grasp it and put it into practise. I built a ship that Heney thought was nothing less than a marvel in detail. When I had finished it I rushed to my parents crying, ‘I did it! I did it!’ To my young and formative objective sense, it was absolutely new and original, yet every thought expressed in this piece of work was learned here in our own shipyards. I mention this as one of the thousand things I experienced —I can only touch upon a few. "When I was between nine and ten years old, a birthday party was planned for Heney when he came home for his vacation. A mysterious visit had been made to a near-by town; a gold signet ring had been purchased; and on the evening of Heney ’si home-coming, everything was ready for the celebration. A jolly lot of villagers were assembled. After the presentation and the drinking of everybody’s health, the fiddler start- ed up, and young and old joined in the dance. "One day, Heney and I paid a visit to the old parish churchyard. We sat in front of an old moss-covered head- stone, trying to decipher the sunken letters. We .cleared away the moss and dirt and discovered a verse. Heney prompted me to copy it into my schoolbook—I also memorized every word. It read: Here lies the remains of Hyrum May, Who dug the graves from day to day; At last he could not dig no more: For want of breath he died for sure. His work is finished and well done, He liked his ale, and a little rum. He’s done his best, his whole life through, Paid his debts, was honest and true. "Then we visited my little broth- er’s grave, which had not been neg- lected during the past years. I turned to Heney and said, 'Heney, they have buried my little brother’s body in there.’ I pointed to the grave. ‘Where is he now?’ Heney looked at me in surprize and shook his head. I then looked him full in the eyes and said with a smile on my lips, ‘In a little while, Daddy and Mommy will put my body in there too—but I shall be somewhere else.’ "Time and again, during my tenth year as Sonny, I was dimly conscious of my former stature as a man. To my immature boyhood mind it ap- peared to me as a state I would attain to, not already realized. Some months before my tenth birthday I was con- scious I should leave my parents and loving friends through the gateway696 WEIRD TALES called death—yet death itself had no terrors. As the months passed, I gradually becomc weaker, though I experienced no shadow of pain. “A shadow fell over the two homes in the cottage, for I had ceased to leave my room. I sat the time away in a large elbow chair. Within reach were my boats, and other things I prized. The widow and her children and my parents were present. I turned to Heney and said gently, ‘Heney, please play your music, and sing me a song of the sea.’ Heney. al- most choking with grief, got his con- certina. Smiling through his tears he sang the desired song. I saw a spiritual halo cover my features and the eyes take on additional light as my boyish mind formed the powerful body of my former and present self standing in the room; then I held out my hands to the figure of my imagi- nation. They said good-night, then the cottage was wrapped in darkness. “My last birthday came as Sonny, and the hour of my departure was at hand. I saw myself 011 soft pillows: I looked lovingly into the eyes of my dear ones. I looked lingeringly at my boats and ships, then my eyes wan- dered to my best piece of work—the ship and stand, set on a small table. I smiled and beckoned Heney to me; I whispered to him,41 did it! I did it! ’ Heney took my frail body in his arms and smiled on me through his tears. I closed my eyes, with one hand on my boats. Heney whispered to the others, ‘Sonny is going on a long cruise—his little boat is going to founder! ’ I felt too tired to open my eyes, but I smiled and said, ‘Dear Heney—I shall not founder—they are all waiting for me.’ Then I fell asleep; my spirit passed: my con- ciousness of another ten years of childhood was sealed in my subcon- scious mind. They called it ‘death .* 6 “j^ombades, I’ve reached the end of ^ my confession. It took me eight long year’s to make the discovery of my whereabouts during those ten years. For nine years the great se- cret was locked in my bosom: I dared not make it known, even to my fam- ily, for they would surely think I was losing my reason again; but the knowledge that. I was never for a mo- ment insane filled me with an un- speakable joy. The widow and her young children, my parents and Heney. were ever bright and burn- ing in consciousness. “When I awoke to my surround- ings in the Bodmin asylum, I was in a stupor of thought for some time— then my thoughts became normal. It seemed as if I had awakened in the morning following a night of sleep— that the night before I had fallen and struck my little girl’s chair and hurt my head. When my wife said, ‘Oh Tom! it has been such a long wait 1 ’ it was simply all Latin to me. I did not know but that she had been sleep- ing by my side as usual during the preceding night. “Where the cottage was located 1 had no means of knowing. Then came the morning of my discovery of something sticking out of the Dune- bar. Under ordinary conditions I would not have paid any particular attention to it, but I was filled with a burning curiosity—I was impelled to go and examine that something stick- ing out of the sand. When I re- moved the seaweed, as I’ve already stated, I gave a gasp of pain, for there stood revealed a man’s arm sticking out of the sand. On the in- dex finger was a gold ring. For a moment I was startled, for it looked as if it was being offered me. Then I recognized its peculiarity, it being a gold signet ring. I hastily got my cockle-snovel from my boat and dug the body out. From some cause ITHE CONFESSION OF A MADMAN 697 know nothing about, the body was in perfect condition. I got some water and washed the sand and slime from his face, then I stood up and looked the body over. Great God! I thought my heart would burst, for I was looking at my childhood friend, my beloved HemyJ I fell almost fainting to my knees by his side—I wept like a child.	« "When that Liverpool captain looked over the gunwale of his ship and saw the corpse in my boat and said, ‘ Ah, you big landlubber, so that’s what you do for a living, scrap- ing sand for dead bodies—a low-down bodysnatcher! ’—had we started to fight, I am almost sure I should have killed him. "I relieved the parish of the fu- neral expenses. Someone said it was one of my peculiar notions. The flowers on his grave are not allowed to die. As all know, my family and I visit the grave often. "Two years after the burial of Heney, my boy visited the city of Truro. While there he bought an album of pictures of the unique spots of the Cornish coast and villages. In looking over it, I discovered a good picture of the straw-thatched cottage, and underneath a description of its location. It is less than seventy-five miles from here, not far from Truro. "The following week I started out for a visit to the cottage. Great was my emotion, when the widow, now a sweet old lady, opened the door in answer to my knock. I spent one hour with her; it was taken up in praising her children. Lingeringly she dwelt on Heney and his great love for Sonny. Heney’s ship, she said, had been lost with all hands on board some two years before. "When I told her of the finding of his body, and presented her with his signet ring, she bathed my horny hands with her tears. While she was yet speaking, her daughter (a woman of thirty, married and a mother) came in with her brother (a fine, man- ly boy of thirty-three years, now the sole support of his widowed mother). I dared not tell them I was Sonny and their childhood companion. "I enquired about the family next door. Together we went in to see them. They were living in the mem- ory of their two beloved children. With pride they pointed to the life- size crayon portrait of Sonny beau- tifully framed on the wall. They showed me his school books. Here I read again the epitaph of Hyrum May, every word of which I had long ago committed to* memory. Whfin they- pointed to Sonny’s best piece of work, a full-rigged ship, my heart nearly overflowed. I murmured, ‘I— did it!—I—did it! ’ They were thankful that Sonny had come in an- swer to pi'aycr and filled a void in their hearts for ten sweet years. I longed to tell them all, but my lips were sealed.	<' "I had to hasten my departure, for, strong man though I am, emotion was tearing my heart apart. On my way home I visited the old church- yard. I sat in front of Hyrum May’s headstone and pondered. The follow- ing week they all visited Padstow and Heney’s flower-kept grave.” During Tom’s story, the silence was so intense one could almost have heard a pin drop. Every eye was fixed upon him. He stood up and looked around into the eyes of his listeners. His great figure seemed to fill and round out; his chest heaved with inward emotion and his eyes flashed with joy and inspiration. He said in thunderous tones: "Boys, he whom you have termed ‘the Grateful One,’ whom I rescued from the death-jaws of the Points and Dunebar, is Heney’s brother—the widow’s only support, and Sonny’s childhood companion and playmate while at the straw-thatched cottage.”The Derelict Mine A Mystery Serial By FRANK A. MOCHNANT The Story So Far James geraldton, whose father is manager of a mine in the heart of Australia, has an uncle reported drowned in the sinking of the Titanic. The uncle’s death brings prosperity to the family. James goes to technical school, and is completing his course at the mine. The lode in the old mine peters out, the mine is abandoned and landslips completely close it up. But strange clouds, with an odor as from a zinc plant, are seen over the old mine by superstitious miners. Phantom whisperings are heard, and the mine gets the reputation of being haunted. Then in the fading light of a winter afternoon a group of miners is terrified by seeing a form which glides into the ruins and disappears. 5 I HAD been on afternoon shift, and a few minutes past midnight had left the cage and was strid- ing out for home, when I became aware of agitated voices. I turned my head and saw dim shadows mov- ing to and fro in the vicinity of my father’s office. With a vague sense of uneasiness I approached the door, and first one and then another of a scared-looking group made way for me. My father’s old clerk lay mo- tionless on the floor. A glance, how- ever, satisfied me that lie was not dead. Indeed, almost as I entered he began to come round. But he did not recover completely, and terror was stamped on his waking features. Suddenly he cried out, "What did he come to me for? What did he come to me for?” Then he began to rave incoherently. In his delirium fragments of his own concerns became inextricably entangled with office matters. Full consciousness appeared to return for a moment only, and in that instant he threw himself up in a sitting posture, and with an expres- sion as of concentrated horror peered past us all toward the open doorway. 693 Several of the men involuntarily drew back into the room. I stooped with the idea of assisting him back into the capacious chair from which he had evidently fallen, and he said with a sort of gasp or sob after each word, ‘ ‘ He stood there just as though he had been alive.” At least four voices blended in an awe-struck exclamation of the single word, "Ghost.” The old clerk shuddered and sank back into his former position. One of the men placed a thick coat under his head and he began to breathe heavily. He had fallen into a natural but exhausted sleep. I rang up the nearest cab proprie- tor and requested that a conveyance be sent immediately. Then I turned again to the men, all of whom still lingered in the office. I hoped to get a little light on the extraordinary turn of events that had been responsi- ble for our assembling at all at that hour and under such strange circum- stances. They were stout-hearted fellows, but were utterly dazed. All they could tell me was that they had heard a piercing scream from the di- rection of the room, and had rushed from different parts of the surface works. In fact, like myself they were just at the end of their shift. One or two others on their way to work had stopped for a minute or two to see what was occurring, but could not re- main. Several of the men had arrived at the office together only to find Sad- ler alone and insensible, as I had seen him, and not in the more natural sleep in which he lay now.THE DERELICT MINE 699 I glanced over the table to see what had kept the clerk so late and found that he had been engaged in corre- spondence and other matters that had accumulated through the absence of one of our juniors who was down with typhoid. Then came the rumble of wheels, and one of the men and I conveyed the still sleeping Sadler safely to his home. It was with a feeling of im- mense relief that I handed him over to the care of his capable housekeeper. Since my search over the old mine premises I had been on better terms with my father, and so over the breakfast table in the morning I re- lated the seizure that had taken his clerk. I rose really for the purpose, for though I was changing shift that day and would not be due at the mines till the following morping I should certainly not, after night shift, have risen till close upon lunch time. It was then I learned that my father had been aware of the ghost rumors. "These absurd ghost stories must have affected him,” said he. "What do you make of them yourself?” There was a trace of anxiety in his voice. I was startled. "There is anything but a ghost at the bottom of it, ” I replied decisively. "No, I am afraid it is not a ghost,’*® he agreed cryptically. "You are afraid not?” I suppose I looked my astonish- ment. My father seemed uneasy, al- most worried, as he answered, "Sad- ler’s spectral friend paid a former visit to the office and possessed him- self of a document which, under very peculiar circumstances certain- ly, would spell blue ruin for the lot of us.” My father paused, and then contin- ued reflectively as if communing with himself, "It was only by chance that I discovered the loss. The safe had been opened and carefully locked again. In consequence of these rumors I went to dig out a plan of the old mine, but it, with the other document, was gone. It was my private safe and I alone have a key.” "Anything else missing?” "Nothing. Even fifty gold sov- ereigns in the same drawer were left intact. In the whole safe there was nothing to indicate that it had been disturbed.” "When could the papers hate been stolen?” "Sometime in the last fortnight,” said my father promptly. "It is just about two weeks .since I opened the drawer and slipped in some gold. I recounted the coins at the time, and I distinctly remember seeing the papers. ’ ’ "It’s curious, the sovereigns not being touched,” I mused, "for any- one nowadays might be tempted to pick up a sovereign as a sort of curio. However did you manage to collect fifty?” My father did not heed my query, but went on meditatively, taking his cue from the first part of my remark. "Yes, it is strange. I could almost wish that the coins had gone too. The funny part is that the plans can be of no use to anybody, and the document, except under the impossible circum- stances I’ve hinted, might as well be destroyed. Indeed, I’ve intended to do so.” Then I expressed the question that had been clamoring in my head for some minutes: ‘ * What would the cir- cumstances be?” My father laughed uneasily as he replied, "Well then, if the only uncle you ever had should happen to revisit the glimpses of the moon, which is, as Euclid would have it, absurd, see- ing that he went down with the Ti- tanic. * ’ "Have you informed the police?” I asked. "Better not. The thief will.find the document worthless and destroy700 WEIRD TALES it, as no donbt he has done before this.” My father seemed to have regained his composure and was calmly smok- ing his pipe over a final cup of coffee when my mother came in with a gay "Excuse me, gentlemen; I’m late this morning as usual.” Then came in Martha with my mother’s steaming porridge, and we conversed on general topics. Then, if I still remember the sequence of events on that particular morning, the telephone bell rang. My father stretched round and caught up a port- able receiver which rested on a side- board. "Hello.” C (_>1 "Yes, Mr. Geraldton speaking.” <4_ff "What! Dying, you say? Non- sense! I’ll come at once.” Click, the receiver was replaced on the instrument, and the whole re- turned to the sideboard, and my father stood pale and erect. He spoke with evidence of a strain. "Poor old Sadler’s dying. I am going round now on my way to the office.” After he had gpne I tumbled back into bed and slept till well past noon, when I dressed, lunched, and set off for Myrtle’s. Slightly out of my way, however, was Sadler’s cottage, and as I neared his street I determined to call and at least inquire concerning him. His housekeeper admitted me. She had always been somewhat solemn in ap- pearance, but now her whole bearing reflected the hopelessness of poor Sad- ler’s case. "He’s going fast,” was her greet- ing. She led the way into the sick man’s room, and as my eyes fell upon the bed I saw that the body of the aged clerk was already sinking into its last •sleep. I walked round the bed and gazed down at the comatose form for a few minutes. Then with a certain feeling of depression which such scenes inevitably inspire I passed out into the passage, followed by the housekeeper. "Poor old chap!” said I. "He must have had a shock. Did he not come to himself at all, Mrs. Hodson?” "He was conscious for awhile this morning, when he insisted on sending for Mr. Geraldton—your father,” re- plied the woman. “He is all right now, sir, I hope?” she added with seeming irrelevance. “All right? Who?” I demanded, startled. “Mr. Geraldton, you know.” “My father?” And in look and tone I must have exhausted all the interrogatives. “Yes, he went in to see Sadler, and after a moment closed the door, and it was half an hour by the clock be- fore he came out, and when he did he was white as a sheet, and dazed-like. I spoke to him, but he did not answer. Then he put his hand to his head and stumbled toward the front door. I asked him was he ill, but he never seemed to see me, and presently flung open the door and walked swiftly into the street. He looked awfully bad, though. I went back to Sadler, but he was dozing off and has not spoken since.” A few more words with Mrs. Hod- son, and I was walking reflectively on my way. The woman’s reference to my father made me uneasy. I de- bated within myself for a moment whether I should return home and await his arrival at the evening meal, but I concluded that had my father been seriously ill we should have been informed of it. It was natural, I argued, that the pater should feel the passing of a trusted servant of half a lifetime. Yet for the remainder of the day I fell into fits of abstraction from which Myrtle more than once laughingly aroused me.THE DERELICT MINE 701 It was not a voice exactly, yet some- thing within me seemed to press the query, “Does a trouble of that sort, tragic enough but more or less ‘outside’, make people turn suddenly ill? Especially people of my father’s character? Was there possibly a sub- tler cause for his unwonted display of feeling?” It was 10:30 or thereabouts, and I was striding home under a setting moon. It may have been that my nerves were not quite up to their standard. Perhaps the events of the past few weeks had affected me de- spite myself. Certain it was that I felt for the first time a vague sense of creepiness as I stepped across the old mine precincts. I observed as I had not done before how grotesque the ruins appeared in the light of the early but now western moon. Long shadows trailed in weird shapes behind things. I was reflect- ing that a dark night would be pref- erable, when at the moment a heavy cloud slid over the diminishing disk. The sudden and prevailing gloom synchronizing with my thought gave me a queer start. Everything now seemed dull and indefinite, and I was nearing the timbers which were still stacked by the pathway. Then I heard a sound from a little distance in front of me as of a twig broken by a step. A figure darted from the neighborhood of the timber and rushed upon me with terrifying vio- lence. Before I could recover from my astonishment I was borne heavily to the ground. A hand gripped my throat, and another my right arm as in a vise. A knee was pressed against my stomach. I believed that I was at the mercy of a dangerous maniac and gave myself up for lost. “You infernal scoundrel, where is that receipt ? ’ ’ As these words vibrated through my ears in familiar tones which even intense rage could not disguise, I thought for a moment that I had gone mad myself. With a desperate and sudden movement I swept my left hand across my chest and seized the wrist that moved above it, and.cried in amazement, “Father!” In a second the figure was helping me to my feet, and it was saying, "Jim! You? How deuced thin you’ve grown! Whatever are you doing here? Oh, Myrtle, of course.” And even at that astounding moment I could not fail to notice a certain bitterness in his tone. "But whatever is the trouble?” I urged. We could scarcely see each other in the almost negligible light of the stars, but we moved as by a common impulse to the heap of timbers, and my father replied in a peculiarly hol- low voice, "The impossible has hap- pened. Your uncle has returned and is living somewhere on this mine. Old Sadler saw him at the office last night.” "But Sadler may have had an illu- sion or something.” " So I thought, and so I hoped, but I saw him myself and followed him here not an hour ago, ’ ’ said my father emphatically. Suddenly he caught me by the arm again in a grip hardly less fierce than the last, and whispered in a sort of awed and suppressed excitement, "Look!” I turned, and there below us was the light I had seen weeks before. My father then moved cautiously in its direction. "It’s no good, Father, it would vanish before we could reach it.” However, nothing would satisfy him but to crawl down the slope and pry among the ruins, as I had done, after that elusive light, and it disap- peared when we were within a few feet of it, but this time peal on peal of blood-curdling and mocking laugh- ter rang out all around us. I felt my cheek blanch. My father tore wildly about, and stumbled now over this702 WEIRD TALES \ piece of debris, now over that, in a frenzy of petulance and anger. It was long past midnight before he calmed down a little, and we walked home together. As we neared our gate he said, "It’s war to the death between him and me, my boy, and in this particu- lar war game he has all the guns.” "Whatever is it all about?” "You’ll know all too soon, boy, but he is an unscrupulous scoundrel, and it is ruin, for me if I do not let the company in.” Then he squared his shoulders and threw his head back and snapped out, "So you see it’s ruin.” I was somehow vaguely proud of him at that moment. The next we turned in. 6 in-'rom that time my father never re- *	covered his wonted buoyancy. Within the next few weeks he was himself looking not unlike a ghost. He certainly was only the ghost of his former self, and his eyes wore a wild, haunted expression. My mother did not at first appear to notice it, but one morning at break- fast she exclaimed, "Why, Harry, what have you been doing to your- self? You look positively ill.” My father merely laughed, but alas! it was but a ghost of his robust laugh. "What is the matter with you?” my mother persisted. "Oh, I am just run down a bit,” he answered wearily. "The new clerk has not got into things yet.” My mother seemed reassured, but an evening or so later when we were alone she said, "What can be the mat- ter with your father? Is anything wrong at the mine?” I am no actor, and I fear that my answer was not quite free from trace of my own anxiety. "Oh, no, everything is tip-top,” I said. "He will be all right directly. Deuced strain running a big concern like that, you know.” Then, as much as anything to pre- vent her from pressing me further, I blurted out what I had been trying to make up my mind to say for months. "Say, Mother, why don’t you call on Mrs. Clysdale? It is absurd, my being engaged to Myrtle and your not receiving her properly. The pa- ter won’t have her here, and you never call.” "It is certainly absurd your being engaged to Myrtle,” said my mother, and a faint flush crept over her face. This was a kind of smartness I had not formerly observed in her. "Now look here, Mother, what is this mystery surrounding Myrtle ? Why can’t you call on her mother?” Again this peculiar smartness, and it was startling. "Because she has been dead eight- een years.” But the moment the words were out, my mother looked confused, and, I believe, almost literally bit her tongue. She had obviously been tempted to say more than she in- tended. I considered a moment, then ejacu- lated, "Eighteen years ago! Then Myrtle was only two?” My mother nodded assent. "Who is Mrs. Clysdale?” ‘ ‘ An old widow nurse who adopted her.” My head swam, but I shot out one more question. ‘ ‘ Who is her father ? ’ ’ "Her father? Why-” Then desperately, "Oh, he’s dead, too.” I paced the room for a few minutes and I saw that my mother was look- ing pale and scared. At last I said as quietly as I could, "Does Myrtle know about this amiable arrange- ment ? ’ ’ My mother hardly more than whis- pered, “No.”THE DERELICT MINE 703 "What is Myrtle’s real name, any- way ? ’ ’ But my mother just repeated, "Real name?” and then came a half hysterical cry: “Oh!” And she left the room weeping, and I was not able again to get her to speak of Myrtle. I went about that day in a sort of bad dream. I could only infer one thing from my mother’s attitude: that Myrtle was a nameless waif. The revelation obsessed and haunted me. I had inherited rigid ideas, but that evening as I dressed, I muttered to myself, “What of it? Myrtle is Myr- tle anyway,” From that time my affection for her was more ardent than ever. My father was breaking up. He aged visibly in a few weeks, and now spent most of his evenings alone in his office. His nerves seemed shattered, and I began to entertain grave fears concerning the issue. I had just finished tea one evening. It had been a depressing meal. My mother and I had exchanged but few words, in a detached way. I have often wondered since whether we may each have had a sense of impending disaster. I drew up a big chair for my mother before a belated October fire. It was not only a cold night, but it was inclined to rain. My mother sat with some fancy work in her lap, and I was standing for a moment on the hearth finishing a cigarette when the. telephone bell rang at the instru- ment in my father’s study. My mother started as from a revery and I strode across to the receiver. It was a direct line to the office. It was a brief conversation and ran thus: “That you, Jim?” “Hello, Father. Yes.” “Meet me down at the Cross Roads at once. Better not say anything about it.” Before I could reply I heard the replacing of the receiver at the other end of the wire. As I moved away from the instru- ment my mother met me at the door with a nervous, anxious expression on her face. “Anything the matter?” "Oh, no. I am wanted at the mine. ’ ’ "It was Father ringing up. Was he all right?” ‘ ‘ Of course he’s all right, Mother. ’ ’ I donned my greatcoat and went out, I was puzzled, nevertheless, for the Cross Roads were some distance from the town. It nlay have been the dismal night that affected me, but I had not reached the gate before I re- turned for my heavy stick. It oc- curred to me that my father would propose another visit to the old mine- field, which lay not far beyond our appointed rendezvous. I walked briskly and was soon in the vicinity of our own mine, which I had to pass. Then, happening to glance up I saw that the light in my father’s office had not been switched off, and I con- cluded that he had not yet started to meet me. I determined, therefore, to make the slight detour that would probably save me from a long wait in the damp and cold. When I reached the office I found the door locked, and was about to hurry off, supposing that my father had left and that I might overtake him, but the thought flashed into my mind that it was a strange thing he had not switched off the light. This made me go round to the window at the side and peer in. My father was sitting at his table, but in a posture that held me horror-stricken. His left arm hung down at the side of the chair. The other, with a clenched fist, was stretched over the table, and his head was drooping on his breast. Mechanically, or, perhaps, in forlorn hope, I tapped on the pane, but the figure in the chair did not stir. Then704 WEIRD TALES my eye was arrested by something on the table just beyond his clenched right hand. It was in appearance but a glass beaker about a quarter full of water, yet it sent a sort of clairvoyant chill through my already frozen blood, and I determined to get into the l’oom without raising the alarm.. With but little difficulty I opened the window, and passing quickly through closed it again on the inside and pulled down the blind. My father was dead, but merely placing my hand for a moment over his heart I turned again, my own pounding within me, with desperate resolve. A finger which I plunged into the beaker I placed immediately upon my tongue, and my instinctive fear of a few moments before was confirmed. But for a later and more certain proof I took a test-tube from a pigeonhole and obtained some of the liquid from the beaker. Then cau- tiously I opened the door and tossed the remaining contents of the vessel away, and having rinsed it, half filled it from a tap outside the office, and replaced it upon the table. I rang up Dr. Harris, whom I knew my father had visited occasionally both in a professional and private capac- ity. I told the doctor briefly what had occurred, and he undertook to bring the sergeant of police with him. This saved me the necessity of com- municating with the station myself. I then went to the door of the office and hailed a man who happened to be passing on some errand. “Is Mr. Dalton about?” I in- quired. "Saw him just now in the engine room. Something is up with the big dynamo.” "Is Foreman Lane on shift?” "Yes.” "Well, if you come across Lane tell him he is wanted at the office, and just slip back and tell Mr. Dalton that Mr. Geraldton would like to see him, will you?” The man disappeared in the dark- ness, and within ten minutes Lane arrived at the office. I merely mo- tioned toward my father’s body. For a second or so I could not speak, but as Lane seemed about to approach the silent form I managed to say, "Bet- ter not touch anything, Lane.” The man stood looking down at my father, consternation written large on every feature. Then in a choking voice he blurted out, “Anything to do with the old mine, sir?” "I am afraid so, Lane,” I replied solemnly. Then with a feeling of de- fiance I could not myself quite under- stand I added, " It is the beginning of the end of it.” "Did the ghost come again, sir?” And his teeth chattered. "I do not know, Lane. I do not think so, but we must wait and see what Dr. Harris says.” Dalton, who had left the engine room before my messenger returned there to seek him, came in now almost immediately, and I told him how I had discovered my father lifeless in his chair. Dalton was our electrical engineer. He bent over the lifeless form, then came toward me, all sym- pathy. "This is a terrible blow for you, Mr. Geraldton, and will be for the whole mine, and indeed the town. Your father was popular all round, but he has been ill for some time. Several of us have noticed it. What- ever could it have been?” And again he moved toward the body in its chair, and I noticed that he glanced at the beaker. I noticed, further, that he paled, and cast a furtive glance at me and remained silent. The headlamps of a motor flashed down the road approaching the mine, and presently the car pulled up below us, and in a few minutes two figures moved across the field of one of our outer lights. As they nearedTHE DERELICT MINE 705 the office I advanced a pace or two to meet them. "Good evening, Doctor. Good eve- ning, Sergeant,” I said in a voice as steady as I could command. The sergeant, a tall, keen but genial man who had been associated with my father in the local bowling club, nodded gravely to Dalton and Lane, and almost simultaneously ad- dressed me in terms of quite unoffi- cial sympathy. "Dr. Harris tells me that Mr. Ger- aldton has been under him for some time, but this is fearfully sudden and most distressing for you.” For several minutes he and the doc- tor examined the body and I watched them anxiously. *	‘ He must have been dead for some hours,” exclaimed the officer sud- denly. "Three at least,” assented the doc- tor solemnly. “Hours!” I cried. "Three hours! Why-” And I reeled, almost fainting, against the table. Then in the blind instinct of pres- ervation I did what I had never been actor enough to have done in cool rea- son, and I am convinced that I there- by prevented a post-mortem on my father’s body and the untimely rev- elation of a blot on the family escutcheon. I seized the beaker and drank a couple of mouthfuls of the contents, and as it revived me I saw instantly that my action had a pecu- liar effect upon my companions. The sergeant sprang forward, but too late to x>revent my swallowing the water. The doctor paled for a moment, but I felt somehow that he was making determined effort to keep his manner under control. He darted many fur- tive and anxious glances in my direc- tion, however, and it was not till some minutes later, and I had recovered completely from my fainting turn, that I noticed an expression of relief pass over his face, With the excep- tion of the curious glance that Dalton cast for a perceptible second upon the beaker as he entered the room, nei- ther he nor Lane had given the slightest token of suspicion, but Dal- ton’s face was a shade more serious, and his manner never so courteous as he touched the sergeant on the arm and turning his head slightly toward my poor father said quietly, “Shall we get him home before shift changes ? Lane can fetch a stretcher. ’ ’ The sergeant had been a trifle un- nerved, and assented mechanically, and Lane was off like a shot. The water in the beaker was re- tained by the officer for analysis and its innocent nature‘proved, but I am convinced that but for the diversion caused by my momentary weakness a post-mortem had been demanded. As it was, Dr. Harris’ report of death due to heart failure was accepted. I have wondered if the doctor contin- ued to suspect anything despite the analysis of the contents of the beaker. I do not know, but I myself analyzed the solution that I had kept back in the test-tube, and I know that my father was found dead in the first in- stance with a beaker that contained potassium cyanide at his hand. I had purposely left the water on my fath- er’s table, hoping that it would di- vert attention from the body and claim an immediate examination. It occurred to me that the discovery of the innocuous nature of the most ob- viously suspicious fluid would lead the official mind away from the idea of suicide, and thus an autopsy, which would have been almost certain had the body been the single object of interest, might not be demanded. In regard to the days immediately succeeding, I have little to record. They were days naturally dark un- der the pall of death, but for me they were days, too, intense with forebod- ing, and, indeed, as the sequel will show, they were soon to be eclipsed by horror upon horror.706 WEIRD TALES The shock of my father’s death, de- spite all I could do, had an alarm- ing effect upon my mother, and for awhile I feared for her reason. After the funeral, however, I managed to persuade her to leave the district for an indefinite period of rest. I ar- ranged by wire for apartments at a seaside resort near Sydney. It en- tailed a long railway journey, and it was necessary that she should have a companion. To my astonishment she asked for Myrtle, and it was settled that Myrtle should accompany her. My father’s affairs were in a pecu- liar condition. His private account at the bank was something less than a hundred pounds, and barely more than sufficient to meet current liabili- ties. He held war bonds, however, to the extent of five hundred pounds. His will was simple. It made every- thing over to my mother and appoint- ed me her executor. The furniture was already in her name. The house belonged to the company, and when my mother left I had a week in which to vacate. The one thing that re- lieved the financial position for my mother was the fact that he had a fully paid-up life insurance policy for five thousand pounds. It had been an odd position for a reputedly wealthy man. I learned, too, from his financial agent and. intimate friend, Mr. Finlayson, that he had within the last few months realized on es- tates and shares valued at more than seventy-five thousand pounds. Fin- layson stated that my father had seemed fearfully worried, but had let drop no hint concerning the use to which he was putting so vast a sum. 7 It was the second evening after the departure of my mother and Myr- tle that I sat alone on the front veranda of my old home. On a small table at my side, and kept by the weight of my tobacco pouch from blowing away in the occasional puffs of an early summer breeze, was a tele- gram from Myrtle. She and my moth- er had arrived safely at their destina- tion and my mother had stood the journey well. I sank back in my chair and gave myself up to reflection. I had that afternoon arranged to lease a cottage where I considered that with Martha as housekeeper I should be comfort- able enough till my marriage, which I hoped would take place within the year. My course was all but com- pleted. My mother would, I knew, never return permanently to the dis- trict. Presently old Toby, a favorite black cat of my father’s, brushed several times against my leg, then sprang upon my knees. I stroked the sleek body, and the animal settled down against my waistcoat, and its deep purr gradually grew fainter till the low roar of the mines in the nearer distance was the only sound percepti- ble. I became deeply engrossed in my gloomy meditation. I began to link: into a chain the peculiar incidents of the last few months, till the sense of mystery became oppressive, and a nameless dread of some intangible evil grew upon me. At last my mind re- verted to the evening of the tragedy. I remembered it was exactly a fortnight back. My mind had been absorbed by matters of pressing moment, but now I was free to think, or rather, it seemed, compelled to think. Then came back to me the scene in the office, and the sergeant’s voice came again clear in my memory: "He must have been dead several hours,” and the doctor: "Three at least.” Something of the uncanny sensa- tion that came over me then recurred now. Dead hours, when but minutes before he had spoken to me over the telephone demanding that I should meet him at the Cross Roads! What could he have intended to do ? What made them think that he had been dead so long? Of course, they mustTHE DERELICT MINE 707 have been mistaken. My nerves had certainly undergone a great strain, but a thought was beginning to haunt me. Could he have spoken after death? And however irrelevant it may appear, I kept reminding myself that the study telephone was connect- ed directly with the office. Perhaps vaguely I felt that it would be incom- patible with the nature of a spirit to call up ‘Exchange’. Firmly I refused to consider the spirit hypothesis. “But,” persisted an idea in my brain, “Harris and Sergeant Wil- liams with their technical experience could not make such an error concern- ing the time that had elapsed since death. He must have been dead when the ring came. Then,” I avowed within myself, “it was someone else who spoke.” But with the thought I gripped the arms of my chair, for a new significance flashed upon me with paralyzing effect. If that mes- sage came from anyone else it must have been transmitted at my father’s telephone with the corpse at the very elbow of the speaker! I was stunned with the full force of this inference, and it may have been the next moment or it may have been half an hour later, but I was suddenly aroused by the strange be- havior of the cat, which till that mo- ment had been sleeping peacefully. He sprang on all fours upon my knee, his back arched and his hair bristling to the tip of his tail, and his eyes, wide and staring, glowed in the elec- tric light. I thought for a moment that a strange dog might have wandered into the garden, but I noted that his head was not turned to the garden. He rather peered over my shoulder as if trying to discern something through the window at my back. It was the window of the room that had been my father’s study! “What’s up, Toby, old chap?” I said, a little nervously, I fear, but he only snarled. Then he went fly- ing across the veranda as I sprang to my feet. The telephone bell had rung! It was only a momentary vi- bration, but unmistakable, and my father’s office had been locked up since the day following the tragedy! I could feel my heart beating vio- lently as I clutchcd my chair. Then the bell rang long and loud. I dashed into the house and into the room, and seized the receiver almost at the mo- ment that the bell ceased ringing. "Hello.” I hardly recognized my own voice, and my lips were parched. "That you, Jim? Meet me at the Cross Iioads at once.” It was my father’s voice to the last tone. “Who the-”• I began with a desperate effort at self-mastery, but even at the moment I could hear the receiver being replaced at the other end of the wire. I stood for a few seconds in a state of feverish excitement, and irresolute. Then I came to a sudden resolve to follow up what promised to be a clue. Merely waiting in my own room to load a revolver which I slipped into my pocket, I hurried off straight for the office. On arrival I found it dark and secured as I had last seen it. Snatching a bunch of keys from my pocket I flung the door open and switched on the light, but could find not the slightest trace of a recent en- trant. I did not waste much time, however, and having switched off the light, I withdrew and locked the door again. T was slipping my keys away when a burly figure sprang out of the dark- ness and growled, “What are you after?” Then as I looked up the man recognized mo in the dim light and the voice became apologetic. "Oh, I beg your pardon, sir, but there was a fellow fumbling at that door not three minutes ago, and when I went up to him he made off. I tried to overtake him, and just as I came back I saw you and thought he must have doubled round somehow.”708 WEIRD TALES The man had a coil of wire and one or two small tools in his hand, and had evidently been working in the vicinity. I assured him that it was all right and hurried along to the main road again. So someone had been in the office, I reflected—some- one with a duplicate Yale key. As I neared the Cross Roads I saw a somewhat tall figure ahead of me. The head turned slightly at my footsteps, and a voice, the facsimile of my late father’s, called out, "Here you are. Come!” And the figure moved forward with a quick swinging stride. I would have run to catch up with it, but a couple of men were coming up the road toward the township, and I did not want to arrest their atten- tion. By the time they had passed, the figure was out of sight, but I could hear the steps ahead and I walked rapidly on. Presently the voice came through the darkness, apparently some hundred yards or so on my left, and at almost right angles to the road: "This way.” I did not hesitate, but made the best of my way over the uneven ground, blundering now and then into a stunted shrub of salt bush. I had gone only some three hundred yards when I saw the dim outline of a ridge which I knew to be in the vi- cinity, and almost immediately a faint light shone through a doorway of a sort of dugout or humpy not two chains in front of me. I soon dis- covered that the light was from a hur- ricane lantern held by my strange guide, who on my approach merely said, "Here,” and disappeared with- in the room. I knew the place well enough—a humpy occupied by an old-age pen- sioner whom I had seen often, though casually, and who lived inoffensively here on the outskirt of the township. The ruins of the old mine were half a mile farther on and across the main road. I entered the shack and found the old man' leaning against a rough table, upon which he had already placed the lantern. He was muffled up about the throat as I had always seen him, and he had on a broad- brimmed slouch hat. He wore, too, large tinted glasses,- as was also his custom. In addition he had a thick beard, so little of his face was dis- cernible. He was obviously out of breath, and signed for me to wait a moment before he could speak. I took the opportunity of looking round the dugout. It was just such a compart- ment as one would expect. The con- tents were simple but sufficient. Be- sides the table were several cooking utensils, a stretcher bed, and a cool safe knocked up from a packing case and some bagging. In the fireplace Avas a portable oven. I had entertained no delusion from my setting out. The similarity of the voice to my father’s could be ex- plained only on, the supposition that it was my uncle who had spoken. Yet though I had no means of knowing anything of my uncle’s appearance I could not, somehow, reconcile what I was able to see of the apparently weak and utterly undistinctive face before me with the extraordinary per- sonality and evil genius of the man who had been my father’s lifelong persecutor. Several who had seen the “ghost” on the mine had stated that the face itself was terrifying in the extreme, but, of course, they might have imagined anything. Then I realized how little of the features be- fore me were actually perceptible, and I became convinced that the muf- fler and hat, to say nothing of the glasses, were worn with the purpose of concealment. It was just dawning upon me that the head was unusually large, when the figure spoke. Ah, the voice again! “Now are you prepared to come with me down the old mine ? That is the question.”THE DERELICT MINE 709 "The old mine!” I gasped. "Why, how? What for?” “The feud between your father and me is at an end, and as the casus belli took place before you were born I bear you no malice, so we can begin square. Anyway, I want the services of a member of the family, and a man of nerve.” "What do you know of my nerve?” I put the question mechanically. He laughed. It was a low, gur- gling, unpleasant laugh, but he an- swered. "There are other reasons why it should be you, but you will need your nerve.” He went to the back wall of the room and removed two of the vertical timbei’s with the greatest ease. If there were one portion of the com- partment which would appear freer from secret openings than another it would surely have been this, for the center of the wall where these tim- bers had been placed curved slightly inward as if under pressure from the earth behind it. Yet the removal re- vealed a dark passage of some kind down which for a foot or so the feeble light of the lantern found its way. Seizing the lantern my uncle (the voice precluded all doubt of his iden- tity) stepped through the aperture and said, "Better come; it will pay.” I followed, and he adroitly re- placed the timbers. They were hard- ly more than bark for thickness and weight. He then went ahead of me and almost immediately we were de- scending a series of rough wooden steps of gradual slope. To some it might appear strange that I would venture in this manner into the bowels of the earth, so lest I -should appear abnormally fool- hardy, or abnormally courageous, I should point out that I had been born and bred among mines, and as a boy had often climbed down some old and disused and oblique shaft such as this. I was really as much at home undei’- ground as upon the surface. The descent was not formidable, and I calculated that we had gone down about fifty feet when we came to a big drive. We passed along this at a rapid pace. Only here and there did we have to pick our way around fallen rock. The light shone, too, upon a narrow beaten track along the hard floor of this subterranean tunnel. We had been going hardly twenty minutes before we entered a rough- hewn chamber. I took a swift glance around. It was evidently a natural cavern, but the walls had been trimmed considerably. I almost forgot my avuncular guide, .who had paused and was now slightly behind me. I was just summing up the contents of the vault—a couple of stretcher beds, a large counter or laboratory table, an ancient pendulum clock near the wall at my right—when our merged shadows, which fell gro- tesquely on the left wall a little in front of me, suddenly leaped to the wall and portion of the ceiling at the far end of the cavern, and as sud- denly ceased to exist, for in an instant the light of the lantern had been put out and the whole place surrendered to the dense black of underground. Then before I had time to collect my senses a metallic crash behind me re- verberated through the chamber, and I turned helplessly in the darkness. In the few seconds erf ominous silence that ensued I began to entertain the terrible suspicion that my eccentric relative had trapped and deserted me, but presently I heard stealthy move- ments within the room itself. Strain- ing every nerve to catch the slightest sound I stood as probably only few could stand in such all but absolute dark. Then without the slightest warning and in a blinding flash the whole cavern was flooded with light. For a perceptible fraction of a min- ute my uncle stood on the farther side of the counter-table with his fingers upon a switch and his back toward710 WEIRD TALES me. The switch was one of a num- ber on a board attached to the wall at my right as we entered. Rather nearer to me, though still at my right, was the clock I had already noted. In a vague way I had heard the tick- ing of this old timepiece, but now that I was no longer intent upon other sounds that I conceived might mean life or death in the darkness, I ob- served for the first time how unusual- ly pronounced was this sound that so unerringly registered the swinging of the pendulum. At the moment aston- ishment seemed to eclipse for me every other emotion, and still the old man with his back toward me had his finger raised upon the switch he had just operated. I am convinced that he maintained this tableauesque pos- ture merely to enable me to accustom my eyes to the glare so that he might have the full advantage of the dra- matic effect of the next moment, for suddenly he turned round and faced me. Until that moment I had been prono to smile at Horatio’s ap- prehension, in Hamlet, that a form could be so horrible "it might deprive of reason and draw into madness,” but I doubt if I-could go through such a moment again and recover my men- tal balance. I say "recover”, for cer- tainly during a period of intermi- nable seconds I was deprived of rea- son by the very horror of the face that confronted me. About this face was something inexpressibly sinister. I venture to affirm that it would have been sufficient to strike loathing, if not terror, into anybody, but by the association of ideas it plunged me into a kind of mental paralysis. I had seen it somewhere before. I be- lieve I swooned. I am not sure, but after awhile memory began to oper- ate. With my eyes riveted upon the unspeakable horror that stood motion- less at the other side of the table, I remembered. As a boy of ten I once went with my mother to visit a house in a town some miles away. While my mother and a prim woman were talking in a reception room my eyes wandered around from picture to cabinet, from vase to window, as was natural enough, but presently they kept re- turning to a photograph that rested on the mantelshelf. There seemed to be something peculiar about it even across the room. Something in the pose arrested my attention. At last I deliberately walked over to the fire- place and gazed into the eyes of the photograph and was instantly precip- itated into a sort of paralysis similar to that which I had just experienced. As a matter of fact I all but collapsed upon that former occasion, and reeled across the room and was in such ob- vious terror that my mother led me out of the house, and for months and even years I had a dread of meeting the original of the photograph. Know- ing all I do now I regard this terror in a large measure as hereditary, nev- ertheless the face of the photograph was subtly hideous, especially the eyes. The whites showed clean round the irises, which through the extreme dilation of the pupils were reduced to ghastly rings of film. My mother on the way home told me to forget all about it, as it was the likeness of a bad man. And now after a decade I found myself confronted with this same dia- bolical personality a little more devil- ish in the original than in the photo- graph that had so strangely affected me. After a period indefinite and eternal as a nightmare, and forget- ting that I had already been assured within myself concerning his identity, I muttered feebly and mechanically, "My uncle!” The gaunt enigma grinned sardon- ically and intoned, “Your prophetic soul, your uncle.” It occurred to me that I was in the hands of a possibly dangerous mad-THE DERELICT MINE 711 man, and I was trying to wonder how I might propitiate him when he con- tinued in a calm, deliberate tone, "You must consider yourself my prisoner, or shall we say involuntary guest?” "How long?” I managed to de- mand. "For the term of my natural life, ’ * he replied in the same facetious vein in which he had acknowledged our relationship. He then came round and sat upon one of the stretchers, and with an ex- pressive sweep of the hand indicated the other for my similar use. His attire was rather more neat than I might have been led to expect. He wore a well-fitting sack suit of some dark material, and in lieu of a collar wore a surprizingly well-adjusted black silk scarf. His overcoat and several disguises lay on the big coun- ter-table where he had evidently thrown them while the place was in darkness. ^ We sat on our respective stretchers facing each other. The ghastly eyes fastened upon my own seemed to be gaining a sort of mesmeric influence over me. The face itself was horrible in the extreme, but I have not been able to analyze its features. Indeed, there was an unnatural elusiveness about them which was in itself terri- fying. I recall them now, but in at least a dozen variant yet equally dev- ilish aspects. But the eyes with their infernal power remained invariable. I appeared deprived of movement as I sat gazing dully into them from the stretcher. The first shock of horror over, I sank into a lethargy, though fully conscious of my surroundings. Presently the grim figure sitting op- posite me in an intent attitude with an attenuated hand on each thigh, spoke. Had I the mere sound of his voice to guide me, I might easily have imagined it to be my father. "Now to business. I am supposed to be dead. Was duly, 01* unduly, re- ported to have gone down in the Ti- tanic. The rumor suited me excel- lently, so naturally I did not trouble to deny it. Now I am nearly through, and you are to bury me as I direct. If you follow my instructions—well, very well, indeed. ’ ’ Here he raised a long, lean finger and spoke with the utmost impressiveness. "If you do not follow my instructions implicitly you will not leave this place alive, or dead either, for the matter of that.” He then leaned forward suddenly and peered at me intently, and ex- claimed, "Your virtuous father never mentioned me, I suppose? No? Yes? We quarreled. A woman, of course. Gad, you’re like your mother, though! About the face, that is. You have our physique.” For the first time he glanced aside and remained in a muse. It may have been that his sinister power was for the moment averted, or it may have been his reference to my unfortunate parents, but certain- ly a new and fierce emotion swept over me, and I sprang to my feet, and my fingers were grasping my re- volver. "You murdered my father!” I cried hoarsely, almost towering over the still sitting figure of my tmcle. The indescribable eyes were once moi’e upon me, and at close quarters were just about as much as I could stand and retain my reason, but the hideous face was absolutely expres- sive of no known emotion- as the lips parted to observe, “Pray, my dear young Hamlet, consider who de- stroyed the evidence? Accessory after the fact, eh ? By the way, if that toy goes off at that angle there will be no good, kind uncle to tell you where to find the, key of that door, you know. ’ ’ I was staggered, and in a daze I managed to get back to the other stretcher. I had spoken metaphor- ically, as it were, and here was a prac- tical admission of a specific crime.712 WEIRD TALES "You actually murdered my fath- er?'’ I faltered imbecilely. The monstrosity seemed puzzled for a moment and said with quite an in- jured air, "Well, you need not rub it in. Quite a natural sequence to our little quarrel, and he had diabetes anyway. That’s why he always kept a beaker of water at his elbow. But if you saw-” Then he gave a low gurgling laugh and ejaculated, ‘ ‘ Murdered — you mean worried! He-he, worry never killed a Geraldton. Else, my Hamlet, you will certainly succumb before you get through this job.” I was more convinced than ever that I was dealing with a maniac, and gripped myself as well as I could for whatever might follow. The incongruously familiar voice went on, "We had better get the in- structions over, the next heart turn is going to get me.” He went over to the counter and opened a large trap-door and hauled oxat a long, queer-looking box. Its nature was obvious, but it would be difficult to conceive a more extraor- dinary coffin. The ends were square, but there was a considerable differ- ence in the size ef these squares. In- deed. he stood the whole thing on end, and it was perfectly stable. It was a sort of elongated pyramid. It had a lid, the narrow end of which was of glass. Then in the center of the small square end was a ring—the only han- dle. He removed the lid, and there within this outer case was screwed a coffin of regular shape. The head of the coffin from the shoulders fitted exactly in the outer case, but from the shoulders to the foot there was considerable space all round. It was • clear that the whole thing was to be lowered vertically, but where? As if in answer to the query that was beginning to shape itself in my brain, my uncle strode to a door in the wall opposite that at which we entered. This he swung open, and he beckoned me to follow him down a short stope. At the door he touched a switch and a light shone in what appeared to be a small chamber some yards away, but which upon our en- tering proved to be an old shaft. At first I thought we were at the bottom, but soon discovered that the floor was composed of remarkably heavy timber and several plates of sheet iron. Near the outer rim of the false floor was a hole rather more than a yard square, and just above it was a windlass. At the end of the rope coiled round the latter was a strong release hook. My uncle gave a sweep of the hand toward what I had already conceived to be an unshapely grave, and said briefly, "The obvious,” and moving toward the stope he added, "Now we can turn in.” This serial rises to a ghastly and thrilling climax in the description of the horrifying events that took place in the underground tomb in the derelict mine. The story will be concluded next month.The Dance of Death By JEAN LAHORS (Translated by Edward Baxter Perry) On a sounding stone, With a blanched thigh-bone, The bone of a saint, I fear, Death strikes the hour Of his wizard power, And the specters haste to appear. From their tombs they rise 'In sepulchral guise, Obeying the summons dread, And gathering ’round, With obeisance profound, They salute the King of the Dead. Then he stands in the middle And tunes his fiddle, And plays them a gruesome strain; And each gibbering wight In the moon’s pale light Must dance to that wild refrain. Now the fiddle tells, As the music swells, Of the charnel’s ghastly pleasures; And they clatter their bones As with hideous groans They reel to those maddening measures. The churchyard quakes And the old abbey shakes To the tread of the midnight host, And the sod turns black On each circling track, Where a skeleton whirls with a ghost. The night wind moans In shuddering tones Through the gloom of the cypress tree, While the mad rout raves Over yawning graves, And the fiddle bow leaps with glee. So the swift hours fly Till the reddening sky Gives warning of daylight near. Then the first cock-crow Sends them huddling below To sleep for another year.THE coupons at the end of The Eyrie are functioning well. They are giving us a good working knowledge of the type of stories that you, the readers, DON’T like, as well as the type you DO like; and they will thus work to the mutual benefit of both Weird Tales and its readers. The tale in the March issue that has been most praised and blamed, cussed and discussed, is Lochinvar Lodge, by Clyde Burt Clason, the cover design story for that issue. A furious battle has raged among the readers regarding this story. It received a great many votes, but there were also a great many complaints; and as each complaint removes one vote, there is little left for Lochinvar Lodge, in the final scoring that determines the favorite story of the readers in that issue. "Lochinvar Lodge has a bad ending, and needs a sequel,” writes one reader. "It is a wonderful story, but a rotten ending,” writes H. G. Camp- bell, of Portsmouth, Virginia. "Lochinvar Lodge should never have been published unless the sequel was already written and in the office safe, ’ ’ writes C. M. Eddy, Jr., of Providence, Rhode Island. Seabury Quinn threatens to send de Grandin down into that dark hole in Lochinvar Lodge to find out what has become of the girl and the bearded dwarf unless Mr. Clason writes a se- quel and solves the mystery himself. "The story has no satisfactory ending or explanation,” writes Dr. F. A. Fagone, of Portland, Maine. "A wonderful story if it is true,” writes Miss Edith Smith, of Houston, Texas. "The ending leaves too much to the imagination,” writes Raymond Lester, of New York City. "Of all your good stories this one started out to be the best, but turned out to be the worst,” writes Lee Byrd, of Lima, Ohio. The story does not lack for defenders; in fact, the letters of enthusiastic praise outnumber the complaints. But so many are the coupons and letters that protest against leaving the ending of the story "hanging up in the air,” that we have sent back to their authors two other stories against which the same complaint might be made, to have the endings clarified. The use of the coupons at the end of The Eyrie has made your demand very emphatic that the story endings shall not be vague or indefinite. Every bit of advice or criticism is always carefully studied. If only one or two readers object to a story, the objection may be merely a personal dislike; but if five or ten persons write in to voice a complaint against a story, we feel sure that the story has failed to make the mark with many hundreds who did not write in; and when forty or fifty persons vote against a story, and all for the same reason, then the readers have uncovered a fault in the story that will help 714TIIE EYRIE 715 the magazine to avoid the same defect in other stories in the future. Every vote against Lochinmr Lodge was cast for the same reason: because the end- ing left too much to the reader’s imagination. The readers also picked out for condemnation Elwin J. Owens’ story, Bead in Three Hours. "This is the kind of tale a three-year-old would call ‘kinda scary V’ writes Mildred R. Kaufmann, of Philadelphia. "The hero is cowardly,” writes Grace L. McLoughlin, of Savona, New York. "There is no real motive for all the atrocities,” writes Harold S. Famese, of Los Angeles; "the story would be acceptable if one did not get the impression that it is weird merely for the sake of weirdness.” We hope you will continue to make full use of the coupons at the end of The Eyrie, not only to tell us what stories you like best, but also to let us know what stories you don’t like, if any. That will give a great deal of help both to you, the readers, and to us, the publishers, in making Weird Tales more and more responsive to your liking. We think we know fairly well what kind of stories you like (the constant increase in the sales of the magazine shows that), but by your kindly help and criticism we want to make the magazine better and better, without a single iveak story in any issue. That is our goal. , Mabel L. Pomeroy, of Corona, New York, asks for "more of the marvelous stories of Henry S. 'Whitehead. I can sit down now and visualize every one of his stories in Weird Tales,” she adds. "Each one of them is altogether different from all the others, and each is a wonderful story which completely satisfies the reader.” Several excellent tales by this author are in our hands for early publication in Weird Tales, and one of his stories appears in this issue. "Powers’ The Jungle Monsters is a ripsnortin’ humdinger,” writes Eli Colter, from Portland, Oregon. "Clever, well written, with the fine tang of humor and the salt of tears. If I were compelled to choose the best story in the March issue I’d have to draw straws between Powers’ story and Wells’ A Bream of Armageddon. But there isn’t a poor story among the lists lately; everything stands up well worth reading.” Robert E. Howard, author of Wolfshktad, suggests the old Norse sagas as a rich field for our series of reprints. “The Saga of Grettir the Ouilmv,” he writes, "while told in plain, almost homely language, reaches the peak of horror. You will recall the terrific, night-long battle between the outlaw and the vampire, who had himself been slain by the Powers of Darkness.” "Some of the authors whose stories appear in Weird Tales,” write3 John Pooley Wright, of St.. Joseph, Missouri, “are worthy successors to Edgar Allan Poe, their stories surpassing Poe’s, at least in my humble opinion. I was given a copy of Weird Tales tot read during a recent illness. I had never realized the worth of the magazine before; but now I have contracted a new habit: reading Weird Tales.” Writes E. H. Obermiller, of Chicago: "You are giving the young, hitherto obscure mystery writers, a chance at Poe’s laurels, and the typical Weird Tales story is like American syncopation—fresh, virile, original, and not bound by conventions. I just finished reading the March issue, and it is the best in months.” Writes Harry R. Wallace, of Longview, Washington: “Your tales are so fine that when I get your magazine I can not stop* reading until I have scoured it from cover to cover. Each month it seems better than the month716 WEIRD TALES before. I think the novel by Eli Colter, On the Dead Man’s Chest, is one of the best that I have ever read. It keeps the reader continually in suspense. I can hardly wait until the nest issue of Weird Tales arrives. Give us more stories of other planets, such as those by J. Schlossel and by the author of When the, Green Star Waned.” "I would like to see Weird Tales come out twice a month if you could keep up your same high standard of good stories,” writes Will O’Brien, of Berkeley, California, in a letter to The Eyrie. "I read a half dozen or more weekly, semi-monthly and monthly magazines, but enjoy Weird Tales most of all. I enjoy planet stories like The Waning of a World, ghost stories, horror stories, pseudo-scientific stories such as Red Ether, and werewolf stories—in fact, all the stories you publish.” C. Mason, of Winnipeg, Canada, writes to The Eyrie: "I found your March edition of Weird Tales wholly fascinating. I enjoyed every tale from cover to cover. Lochinvar Lodge had a very disheartening ending, but I enjoyed every line of it. On the Dead Man’s Chest is extremely appealing and I look forward with pleasure to reading the last installment and hearing more from Felix Underwood.” Hazel Roby, of Belen, New Mexico, writes to The Eyrie: ‘‘I am a con- stant reader of Weird Tales and think it is the most thrilling, hair-raising book I have ever read. Why can’t it be put out twice a month? All my friends read it and we are in a continuous uproar over deciding on the best stories.” Your votes for favorite story in the March issue have given first place to the weirdest story in the entire issue: The Music of Madness, by William E. Barrett. Your second and third choices have gone to A Message From Space, by J. Schlossel, and Simmp Horror, by Will Smith and R. J. Robbins. What is your favorite story in this issue ? MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE MAY WEIRD TALES ARE: Story	Remarks (1)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (2)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- (3)------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I do not like the following stories: (1	)---------------------------- Why? ------------------------- (2	)---------------------------- ------/------------------- It will help us to know what kind of	1	Reader’s name and address: stories you want in Weird Tales if you	' will fill out the coupon and mail it to	I---------------------------------- The Eyrie, Weird Tales, 408 Holliday	I Building, Indianapolis, Ind.	| I —................................WEIRD TALES	717 The Devil-Ray (Continued from page 608) ray of purple. The ship, volplaning now, roared on over their heads. It was all over in a moment. That sinister patch of purple had passed over the water between them. It had touched no part of Ferris’s body, but it had gone directly over the head and shoulders of the Spider. There was not a cry, not even a murmur. The Spider was gone! In frantic haste Ferris swam about, calling the Spider’s name as loudly as he dared. The plane had reached the castle and the last fitful roar of its engines shut out any chance of dis- covery. But the Spider? Ferris swam around once more, calling his name. He dived. Nothing. He dived again, this time deeper. Down, down, down, until his lungs seemed to split within him. He could stay down no longer, so he shot to the surface, his chest bursting. There, floating still and white be- side him in the sable waters of the Blennersee he found the Spider. But the thing that made the Spider what he was, the thing which had made him different from the mud on the lake bottom; the thing whieh made him eat and drink and laugh and talk —that thing was gone forever. Just a touch of the purple and it had van- ished ! Ferris finally managed to tow the body to the shore. There, with the help of the waiting Lefty, he pulled the little man out to the narrow beach. Together they worked on the body for two hours. Two hours of fruitless effort. Inch by inch, they went over his body, but not a mark could they find. There was no water in his lungs. He was dead, but how? The purple light? It must be! They were men used to acting in strange emergencies, so they scraped a shallow grave on the side of the Blennersee and buried there the thing that had been the Spider. When they had finished, Lefty told Ferris that he was through. Ferris could come with him if he would or he could stay behind and play a lone hand for the jewels. As for Lefty Fritz, he’d had enough; he was through. And so that night Lefty tramped down out of the mountain and went his way. But Ferris, having made his choice, stayed behind. In next month's WEIRD TALES is told how Ferris invaded Castle Blennerhof and came to grips with the mystery therein718 WEIRD fiot This 25 Cal. Oun Vest pocket, Blue Steel Automatic; 7 shot; 1926 mod- el; shoots standard ammuni- tion. Satisfaction Guaranteed or money refunded. Pay on Delivery Plus Postage. SEND NO MONEY. UNIVERSAL SALES CO. 259 Broadway	Dept. 86	New York PLJ1 *g95 - BLACKHEADSECZEMA PIMPLES Your Skin Can Be Quickly Cleared oC Blackheads, Acne Eruptions on the face or body, Barbers Itch, Eczema, Enlarged Pores and Oily or Shiny Skin. ■■BO IBP* MB W-;*-	J____rmrin n nnrrv nm Enlarged E FREE Write today for 01 FREE BOOKLET, how I 91000 Cash says 1______ .... ............................ E.S.GIVENS, Ml ChemicalBldg., Kanaas City,Wo. Ilf || on the down grade If you lack pep. |U| k H strength, courage, ambition. Try llJLN Castleberry’s Morning Glory Special Tablets, the wonder of the age. Mailed $1.00 for 10 days’ treatment. SAMPLE and wonderful testimonials FREE. A. F. CASTLEBERRY, Dept. W, Columbus, Go. Classified Advertisements Help Wanted MEN, 18 TO 35. BECOME RAILWAY POSTAL Clerks. Commence $1,900 year. Steady. Com- mon education sufficient. Sample coaching FREE. Write immediately. Franklin Institute, Dept. P-138, Rochester, N. Y. Authors^Manuscripts SHORT STORIES, ETC., TYPEWRITTEN IN proper form and marketed. Hursh Service, Box 1013, Harrisburg, Pem^a. SONG POEM WRITERS—WRITE RAT HIB- beler, D-156, 2104 N. Keystone Ave., Chicago. I WANT SONG POEMS. CASPER NATHAN, E-3544 North Racine, Chicago. Miscellaneous BOOKS, MAGIC, MYSTERIES. MAGIC TRICKS, Novelties. Catalogue free, SINGER, 1212 Han- cock, Wisconsin. VENTRILOQUISM TAUGHT ALMOST ANY- one at home. Small Cost. Send 2c stamp to- day for particulars and proof. Geo. W. Smith, Room S-78, 125 North Jefferson, Peoria, 111. Order a Copy of Our Big Special ANNIVERSARY NUMBER TODAY! See Advertisement on Page 580 of This Issne TALES The Ghosts of Steamboat Coulee (Continued from page 598) "So I see,” said the man addressed as Al. Then the sheriff bent over me. "Ready to talk, young man?” he demanded. It must have mystified this one greatly when I leaped suddenly to my feet and ran my hands over him swiftly. 'How could they guess what it meant to me to learn that these two were flesh and blood? ‘ ‘ Thank God! ” I cried. Then I be- gan to tremble so violently that the man called Al, perforce, supported me with a burly arm about my shoulders. As he did so his eyes met those of the sheriff and a meaning glance passed between them. The sheriff passed around the cabin, returning almost at once with three horses, saddled and bridled for the trail. The third horse was for me. Weakly, aided by Al, I mounted. Then we clambered down into the dry stream and started toward Steam- boat Rock. I found my voice. “For what am I wanted, sheriff?” I asked. "For burglarious entry, son,” he replied, not unkindly. "You went into a house in Palisades, while the owner and his wife were working in the fields, and stole every bit of food you could lay your hands on. There’s no use denying it, for we found the sack you brought it away in, right in that three cabin!” "But Hndreth, the wife of Plone, gave me that food!” I cried. "I didn’t steal it!” “Hildreth? Plone?” The sheriff fairly shouted the two names. Then he turned and stared at his deputy — again that meaning ex- change of glances. The sheriff re- gained control of himself.WEIRD TALES 719 “This Hildreth and Plone,” he be- gan, hesitating strangely, “did they have a son, a half-grown boy?” " Yes! Yes!” I cried eagerly;" the boy’s name was Reuben! He led me into Steamboat Coulee!” Then I told them my story, from beginning to end, sparing none of the unbelievable details. When I had fin- ished, the two of them turned in their saddles and looked back into the cou- lee, toward the now invisible log cabin we had left behind. The deputy shook his head, muttering, while the sheriff removed his hat and scratched his own poll. He spat judiciously into the sand of the dry stream before he spoke. “Son,” he said finally, "if I didn’t know you was a stranger here I would swear that you was crazy as a loon. There ain’t a darn thing real that you saw or heard, except the rattlesnakes and the bobcats!” I interrupted him eagerly. "But what about Plone, Hildreth and Reuben?” "Plone and Reuben,” he replied, "were hanged fifteen years ago! Right beside that cabin where we found you! Hildreth went crazy and ran away into the coulee. She was never seen again.” I	waited, breathless, for the sheriff to continue. "Plone and Reuben,” he went on, "were the real bogy men of this cou- lee in the early days. They lived in that log cabin. Reuben used to lure strangers in there, where the two of them murdered the wanderers and robbed their dead bodies, burying them afterward in a gruesome grave- yard farther inside Steamboat- Cou- lee. Hildreth, so the story goes, tried to prevent these murders; but was unable to do so. Finally she reported to the pioneer authorities—and Plone cut her tongue out as punishment for the betrayal. God knows how many unsuspecting travelers the two made JDo yon know what quality women love most in tn#n ? What quality men love moat in tootnenf These quesu'ona are answered in “Safe Counsel:n See page 47. Do You Seek Happiness? Has true love come into your life—or didn’t you recognize it when it came? Are you afraid now of the baffling, perplexing mysteries of marriage ? Are you discontented with the stupid lies and furtiva ashamed answers the world gives you in place of the naked, fearless truth you desire ? Do you want some safe, sane, unashamed advice on personal questions ? Clip coupon below, send it today without any money ana in a few days you will receivo thg most startling surprise of your life. Life’s Secrets At last a book has been published that digs into per* sonal matters without fear or beating around tha bush. This wonderful 612-page book, "Safe Counsel," written by Prof. B. G. Jefferies, M. D„ Ph. D., and Prof. J. L. Nichols, A. M„ contains just the infor- mation you want. You will be amazed at its frankness. Words are not minced. "Polite” phrases are forgotten—the right word is used in the right place. In this volume are answered all the ques- tions that growing children ask their parents. Sub- jects mentioned only in whispers are fearlessly discussed. There is no shame, no fear, no hypoc- risy on these pages. The Story of Life. You owe it to yourself, to your happiness and your health to read this wonderful book. Send No Money —simply mail the coupon Just clip the coupon. Send it in today. No money ia roquirod. io a few days when the postman brings yon “Safe Counsel.” (in a plain wrapper) yon can pay him $1.98 and postage. If you are not thoroughly satisfied after examination, return the book and we will refund your money. Mail the Coupon NOW! FRArTKLTfTASsb^ATION	~ 186 N. LaSalle St., Dept. 8607, Chicago, 111. Please send me your amazing 512-page book, '‘Safe Counsel.” fna plain wrapper marked “Personal.” I will pay the postman $1.93, pins postage, upon arrival. If I’m not satisfiod I’ll return book within 5 days and you are to refund my money; Name ...... Street or B. F, D. City........................................State............. (Price outside of U. S.—$2.22 cash with order)720 WEIRD TALES Are You Searching for theTruth? What is your Zodiac Sign? What does It mean to your future? Success in marriage, business, all undertakings? Your future is governed by Astrology, tlie Science that foretold events 3500 years ago (Isaiah, 47:f3). Tour astrological in- terpretation is -waiting for you. Simply give name and birth date, and enclose twenty-five cents (coin). It will be sent in plain cover, post- paid. EFDI. STUDIO, W, Box 1094 Arcade Sta.f	Los Angeles, Cal. SONG POEM WRITERS SEND FOR MY PROPOSITION ^ _ RAY HIBBELER __P-5Q, 2104 N. Keystone Ay., Chicago PICTURES StiH Particulars free. HOWARD SALES CO., Dept. 7, 1188 Folsom St., San Francisco, Cal. At £1 I fa Uice, $5.00; Cards, $1.25; Inks, KfS£«sSR!ui 11-80; Magic Fluid for Transpar- a ents, $3.00; Slick Ace Cards, $1.25; Factory Readers, $1.00. Sales Boards, etc. CENTRAL NOVELTY COMPANY 113 N. La Salta Street, Chicago, 111. TOBACCOJ^tW #M*y form, cigars, cigarettes, pipe, chewing or cnuff: Full treatment cent gntnaL HarmloM. Co$»$ *1.50 u it cure*, nothing if it fail*. U«ed by orer SflftPOo Men end Women. Supcrba Co. nt-17 Baltimore. JVtei away with before they were found out and strung up without trial! ’ ’ “But how about Plone’s farm in Moses Coulee, outside Steamboat, and the farmhouse where I met the fam- ily?” "It’s mine,” replied the sheriff. “There’s never been a house on it to my knowledge. I foreclosed on it for the taxes, and the blasted land is so poor that even the rattlesnakes starve while they are crawling across it! ” “But I saw it as plainly as I see you!” "But you’re a sick man, ain’t you? You never went near the place where you say the house was. We followed your footprints, and they left the main road at the foot of the Three Devils, from which they went, straight as a die, to the mouth of Steamboat Coulee! They was easy to follow, and if I hadn’t had another case on I’d have picked you up before you ever could have reached the cabin! ’ ’ Would to God that he had! It would have saved me many a weird and terrifying nightmare in the nights which have followed. Thebe the matter ended—seeming- ly. The sheriff, not a bad fellow at all, put me in the way of work which, keeping me much in the open beneath God’s purifying sunshine, is slowly but surely mending my rav- ished lungs. After a while there will come a day when I shall no longer be a sick man. But, ever so often, I raise my eyes from my work, allowing them to wan- der, against my will, in the direction of that shadow against the walls of Moses Coulee — that shadow out of which seems slowly to float the stony likeness of a steamboat under re- duced power. As I turn my eyes away, exerting my will, I shake my head slowly, won- dering. 82.20 er 88 eel. One of These ElOW ONLY $9.65 TTERE is a hand	" ejector that many detec- t i v e s use. Not to be' compared with other guns at this price. Best obtainable and guaranteed to fire ac* curately. Shoots standard ammunition. Solid frame swing out cylinder. Best blue steel. New 1926 models just ar- rived. Order now 32.20 or 38 cal. only $9.65. 32-CAL. MILITARY AUTOMATIC like those used by German military Officers. Extra magazine free. Never before this was a }l- Cal. Automatic like this offered at CQ4C the low price of only $8.45. Satis- *? q“ J faction Guaranteed or Money Refunded. Send No Money, Pay Postman. Our Price, Plus Postage. E3YVARDS IMPORT TRACING CORP. 258 Broadway Dept. 79 New York, N. Y. WRITS$6 Increases 50,000 maga- YOUfi INCOME zines and newspapers want short-stories, long stories, arti- cles, jokes, poems, etc. Screen plays and clever songs are wanted to supply liberal demand. Send for free copy PROFITABLE WRITING. Explains. CO-OPERATIVE SERVICE COMPANY 317 N. 42nd St.	PhiladelphiatLUCK All around you there is abundant Success, Wealth and Happiness. Get Your Share. The "LUCKY SEVEN” Secret Rules are free to all who wear this Rare and beauti- ful Talisman Ring. On each side of this Odd and Charming Ring is moulded the figure of Fortuna— The "Goddess of Luck”. Ancient belief, that her emblem bringsluck and success t o wearer in Love. Games. Business, Health and everything. Genuine 14-K Antique Gold S. Ring, mounted with one carat Blazing Blue White Mexican Im. Diamond Guaran- teed 20 years. Send strip of paper to show finger size and we will send you this wonderful ring. When it arrives pay the postman only $3.95. Nothing more to pay. Yours to keep, wear and enjoy forever. Wear 7 days—follow the 7 rules that we send you. If not sat- isfied your money quickly returned. Address Radio-Flash Diamond Importing Co,, St. Paul, Blinn, Dept. 37-L The Brotherhood of Light Most complete stock of books in America on Occultism, Psychic Phenom- ena, Spiritualism, Astrology, New Thought, Theosophy |nd Nature Study. Cwr«tpondenc« Courses in All Branches ot Occult Science Send for "Clouds Dispelled." You will be delighted. Absolutely Free. Dept. O, Box 1525, Los Ang-eles, Cal. HEALING THE UNSEEN WAY The Mighty Unseen Powers are Yours Even as You Will Let them heal, comfort and prosper you Do It Now! Give symptoms or desires. Name, address and Free Will Offering for Demonstration and Instruction and Be Convinced. Aquarian Circle,	Elkhart, Indiana $173,000 SSJW Scientific methods applied to the writing of sales letters produced that result. You can make big money writing business-getting sales letters. Learn how through our prac- tical spare time study course. TYREAN INSTITUTE V&SBZfSSi 1 ™ w 1 ^             AMAZE AND MYSTIFY! Be a Man of Mystery. Fool your friends. Earn money at Clubs and Parties. No skill required. Easy to learn. Write today for free 64-page Copyrighted Book that explains 33 Ti icks you can do, together with illus¬ trated Novelties at lowest prices. No obligations. Enclose 4c postage. Douglas Magic Co., Station A, Dallas, Texas FIRE TRICK CARTOONIST BUYS COMPLETE COURSE, including 40 Clever Cartoon Stunts; "How to Give a Performance’’; ‘‘How to Originate Ideas.” Samples, 15c. MODERN CARTOON SERVICE, Dept. B, 296 Bergen St. Brooklyn, N. Y. Next Month THE FOOT FETISH By HOWARD R. MARSH As the Americans burst into the room where the Chinese were, the girl lay in a drugged sleep on the altarlike bed. The beauty of her, as she lay marble-white in her robe of cloth-of-gold upon silks of red and green, almost dazzled them. One foot, white and slender, was extended from the coverings, and lighted tapers surrounded it, revealing on the instep the sacred birthmark. Pistols flashed on the instant, knives were drawn, and then- This vivid mystery story of fanatical Chinese from the hill- country, and the abduction of a beautiful Amei'ican girl who bore the sacred emblem on her foot, will be printed complete In the June Issue of WEIRD TALES The Unique Magazine Or. Sale May 1 Clip and Mail this coupon today t WEIRD TALES 408 Holliday Bldg., Indianapolis, Ind. Enclosed find $1 for special 5 months sub- scription to “Weird Tales” to begin with the June issue. (Special offer void unless remittance is accompanied by coupon.) Name____________________ Address______________— City___________State_____12 Detective Story Bo Special Bargain! NOW $100 ONLY HERE THEY ARE 1	Crimson Poppies—Dr. Howes evolves a fiendish plot to inherit the wealth of a lunatic million- aire. 2	Buff—A cub reporter and a death mystery—a story that works up to a crashing climax. 3	The Triangle of Terror—A goosefiesh story that will send the cold shivers up your spine. 4	The Valley of Missing Men— Read how Parkinson discovered this baffling mystery—a story pul- sating'with hair-raising incidents. 5	The Sign of the Toad—An eerie detective story, full of ex- citing situations and mysterious deaths. 6	The Mystery at Eagle Lodge— Soul-gripping, fascinating, tense, full of action—You will move in the land of make-believe with a touch of the unreal. 7	The Web—This tale threads the sinister net that was torn asunder by the murder of James Blake. 8	The Glass Eye—The convict worked out a clever and dia- bolical scheme, but a dead man’s eye betrayed him. 9	Ten Dangerous Hours—Bris tling with excitement and full of surprises—a remarkable story with thrills galore. 10	Disappearing Bullets Crammed with bl.ood-curdling ac- tion and strange happenings in the underworld — master-mind crooks and criminals. 11	The Green-Eyed Monster—A thrilling book, replete with star- tling climaxes and bristling with action. 12	Derring-Do — A vivid tale of Chinamen, opium traffic, the secret service, and desperate fighting. For ALL For aVery Limited Time JUST think, you can get this whole library of 12 Mystery—Ad- venture—Defective St rj Books for $1.00. Every one of thfese splendid books has a striking cover in colors»‘on enamel s.to$k, &nd the inside is printed on good white paper. You are cheat- ing yourself if you miss these masterpieces of startling, scalp- prickling thrills. These novels, ranging from 15,000 to 25,000 words in length, are powerfully written and will hold you spell- bound—make you breathe fast with a new mental sensation. They are not the usual run of stories, but are off the beaten path —uncommon tales that will cling to your memory for many a day. SUPPLY NEAR EXHAUSTION This offer may be withdrawn at any time. Treat yourself to some real entertainment while you still have the chance. Send for these books today. Do it now! Just pin a dollar bill to the coupon. POPULAR FICTION PUBLISHING COMPANY Dept. W-17, Ohio and Alabama Sts., Indianapolis, Ind. MAIL THIS TODAY POPULAR FICTION PUB. CO., Dept. W-17, Ohio and Alabama Sts., Indianapolis, Ind. I enclose $1. Send at once, postage pre- paid, the 12 volumes listed in this adver- tisement. It is understood this $1 is pay- ment in full. Name------------------- Address_____________ City State-