lO DIME @

MYSTE RY

 MAGAZINE

APRIL

ftATUfif- LEHC TH
MYSTIKY- TCP POP MOM

                             ARMS OF THE
                             FLAME GODDESS

4 FRANCIS JAMES

                                   I AM THE BEAST

UMrotarrrjtMf »orri of

MtOM/OfT MIKACt

£</ (J.J. Des ORMEAUX

BLASSINCAMI • LONG
HORTOH • SPERRY
Missing Page: Inside Front Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in .JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
n

l

IS EMPTY

• 1 ■■O.'VJ. tO

toney—trained brain 1
an without training k
ly the man without
You can train your
I Thousands of men
lone it through spare-
udy of I. C. S. Courses,
csh man—be a trained
nail this coupon 1

ERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

        BOX 3276-E, SCRANTON, PENNA.

ihout cost or obligation, please send me a copy of your booklet, "Who Win* and
y,” and full particulars about the subject before which I have marked X:

 Draftsman

 mating
 ad Builder
 rafts tn»n
 igineer
 Of Invention*
 gineer

 □	Sheet Metal Worker

 □	Boilermaker

 TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

 □ Plumbing

 □	Telegraph Engineer

 □	Telophou* Work
            1 Engineering

 □ Radio

 3 Telephone Work
 O Meeh&niral Eogi______„

 □	Moohanloal Draftsman

 □	Machinist	□ Toolmaker

 □	Patternmaker

 □	Heating

 □	Air Conditioning

   □ Steam Fitting
   □ Ventilation

     D and Gag
 > Blueprint*
 ent of Motel*

 wagement
 nt

 3 Dieeel Engines
 3 Aviation Enginr*

 3 Automobile Mechanio
 3 Refrigeration

 i* king

   □	Bookkeeping

   □	Secretarial Work
   D Spanish

   O Froncb

   □	Salesmanship

   □	Advertising

DOMESTIC

   □	Advanoed Dressmaking
   I Deaigniug

                  Steam Engineer
                  Q Steam Electric Engineer

                  □	Marine Engineer

                  □	R. R. Locomotive*

                  □	R. R. Section Foreman

□	Air Brakes □ R. R. Signalmen

                  □	Highway Engineering
                  O Civil Engineering

                 □	Surveying and Mapping

 BU8INESS TRAINING COURSES

                  □	Service Station Saleamanaliip

                  □	First Year College Subject*

                  □	Business Correspondence

  B Stenography and Typing
  Civil Service □ Mail Carrier

  □	Bridge Engineer

  □	Bridge and Building

 □	Chemietry

 □	Pharmacy

 □	Coal Mining

 □	Mine Foreman □ Fir* Bosse*

 □	Navigation

 □	Cotton Manufacturing

 □	Woolen Manufacturing

  □	Agriculture

 □	Fruit Growing
 O Poultry Farming

  B Grade School Subject*

  High School Subject*

  D College Preparatory

  □	Illustrating

□	Railway Mail Clerk

 8CIENCE C0UR8ES

     □	Millinery

 □ Tea Room and Cafeteria Management. Catering

               •w Card* □ Sign*
 □ Foods and Cookery

                               .......Address...........

                             ....State........................Present Position.....

M Canada, imi IkU toupen I o the International Correspondence Schoolt Canadian. Limit til. Montreal, Canada

1
Volume Seventeen	April\ 1938	Number One

THIS SEAL PROTECTS YOU (C^ AGAINST REPRINT FICTION!

All stones in magaiines bearing this suai are written especially lot this publisher
and have never before been printed In any lor ml

         A LONG NOVEL OF BLOOD-CHILLING TERROR
Arms of the Flame Goddess.......................................................By Francis Janies 6

The shadow of the Penitentes—that strange and terrible cult of fire-worshipers—
filled my heart with dread. For I knew that soon the lovely body of tny wife would
be a scorched and blackened sacrifice to their devils of desire.

TWO NOVELETTES OF BIZARRE MYSTERY

I Am the Beast................................................................................By Gene Gary 48

It was the war that left my face scarred and fearful to look upon—but it was something
else that turned me into a ravishing beast, filled with the hist for murder. . . .

Corpses on Parade....................................................By Edith and Ejler Jacobson 88

From the doors of the exclusive Quadrangle Club they spewed forth—those living
corpses whose very presence filled the streets of Nezv York with the stench of the
charnel house. But the fiend who created them was not yet satisfied. . . .

         A TRUE FEATURE OF INDESCRIBABLE HORROR
History’s Gallery of Monsters......................................................By John Kobler 64

William Steivart, who wrote in blood one of the darkest chapters in the annals of
the sea.

     FOUR SHORT STORIES OF EERIE MYSTERY AND DREAD
Chains of Dread Desire...........................................JBy Robert Howard Norton 30

The kiss of Judas—from the lips of the girl he loved—plunged John Bartlett into a
quagmire of horror where the ghosts of his ancestor's sins arose to destroy himI

Express to Hell.............................................................................By Julius Long 40

Enden built his setting with the genius of the damned—and the mad gods laughed when
his vengeance plan proved a deadly boomerang!

Nymph of Damnation........................................................By William B. Rainey 73

He wore on his face the mark of the devil's curse, and in his blood surged an endless
lust—for the woman ivhose white body beckoned to him from beyond the pale of
space. . . .

Monster of His Making....................................................By Henry Treat Sperry 82

While old Doctor Kennedy watched in hopeless agony, the inhuman fiend he had created
prepared to plunge his knife deep into the straining white body of the only girl he loved!

—AND—

Disturb Not the Dead..........................................................................The Editors 4

Of a mystery beyond all human understanding.

The River Styx.............................................................................„...A Department 104

i'ubllshed every month by Popular Publications. Inc.. 225t» Grove Streor. Chicago. Illinois. Editorial and executive
office*. 209 East Forty-second Street. Now York City. Harry Steeger. Presl* nt and Secretary, Harold S. Goldsmith, Vico
President and Treasurer. Entered as second-rlass matter October C. 1038. at >e post oU‘ce at Chicago. 111., under the Act
of M- eh 3. 1870. Title registration pending at U. S. Patent Offlce. Com ■iicht. 1938. by Popular Publications, Inc.
Single copy price 10c. Yearly subscription in D. S. A. $1.20. For advertising rates address Sam J. Perry, 205 E. 42nd St.,
2sVw York, N. Y. When submitting manuscripts kindly enclose stamped self-addressed envelope for their return if found
:':jJ'!e. The publishers cannot accept responsibility for return of unsolicited manuscripts, although care will be exercised
in hw:Ung them.
FRESH BATTERIES LAST LONGER.,.	PATE-Utt^

LON^cilY

batter

»<AT(OMAt.C*RjjJ^

•v'TZ,

                                     "We fled through the dark woods
                                     while the rattlers gathered on the
                                     rock to strike at the light that saved
                                     us, a light powered with DATEO
                                     'Eveready’ batteries that were really
                                     fresh when we bought them months
                                     before.	(Sigtied)

NATIONAL CARBON COMPANY, INC., SO EAST 42nd STRKET, NEW YORK, N. Y.

"I READ YOUR ADS RBOUIARIY," WRITES RAYMOND COBB, Or
303 EAST LIBERTY STREET, CHARLOTTE, N. C, "BUT I HAVE YET TO
AN 'EVEREADY' EXPERIENCE THAT COMPARES WITH MINE."

           "Roughing it in the moun-
   tains, my wife and I were
   sleeping on a large flat rock, when I
   was suddenly wakened. My wife, who
   had the light, was flashing it in my
   eyes.

                                                       "A second later a rattler cut the mountain
                                                       stillness. He sounded like a machine gun,
                                                       he was so close...and, as I lay motionless,
                                                       scarcely daring to breathe, I felt his lethal
                                                       slithering body cross my own!.. .Then other
                                                       rattles sounded all around us!

                                                    "But before he could strike, my wife di-
                                                    verted the snake’s attention with the flash*
                                                    light beam. I leapt to my feet, so did she,
                                                    throwing the light at the six-foot intruder.
AUDELS Carpenters
and Builders Guides

/3>Wi!l|S4vols.<6

Carpontcra. Buildera. Join-
Buildln* blcchimics and
Woodworkora. These
den five you tbe abort-cut
ruetiona that rou went—

                                               eolutlona. plana. ayateroa and
                                               money aavlnf ausieationa. Ao
                                               eaay proeroosive oourae for tbe
                                               •pprontioo and atudont. A
                                               practical daily belpor and
                                               Quick Kefereooo for tho mantec
                                               worker. Carpentera every-
                                               where are uning theao Guidee
                                               a« a Helping Hand to Enskc
                                               Work. Butter Work and Bet-
                                               ter Pay. To cot this aaaint-
                                               _	enee for yourc^lf, simply fill

    Inside Trade Information Ons ^0NdbS^J.“" FIUiE C0U’
Bow to tine the steel sou art*—How to filo and set
eaw3—How to build furniture—How to use a
mitrs box—How to use the chalk line—How to use
rules nnd scales—How to mako joints—Carpenters f
arith'i.etio—Solving mensuration problems—E»-
timatiug strength of timbore—How to act girdora
and sill#—How to frame houses and roofs—Howto NJ^yr>y
estimate ooete—How to build houses, barns, gar-	^ \

ases, bungalows, eto.—How to read and draw	\ 1

plans—Drawing up specifications—How to ex-	'm:

cavate—How to use cettings 12, 13 and 17 on tho
steel tKiuare—How to build hoists and scaffolds— Aji,
skylights—How to build stairs—How to put on	\

interior trim—How to hung doors—How to lath— SgSpvagg
lay floors—How to paint	fcfcsI ^

■ IIIIIlMlllllllliaillllUIIUIIIUIIIIIIIIIUIIIIIIIIIIUUUU

THEO. AUDEL & CO., 49 W. 23rd St., New York City

Mnfl Audoia Carpantera nnd Bvifld^m Ouidea. 4 voU„ on 7 daya* froo trial. If O.K*
I will rer-it 51 h» 7 daya. nnd $1 monthly untU f6 la paid. Otborwlae 1 will return them*
No oUicatloa unleaa 1 am aatiafied.

Name........................................................................

Addr*«a......................................................................

Ooeupatkw..

Before o co. . .

  ’f/t \'G£rVyJL M/	AT HOME—IN

                      YOUR SPARE TIME

                          A few pleasant hours a week of
                          study and drawing during your
                          term under our instruction should
                          start you on the road to earning
                          money in the Art field.

COMMERCIAL ART CARTOONING

     Many of our roost successful graduates never studied Art
     before enrolling with W. S. A. YOU have the sutno oppor-
     tunity of becoming an Artist. Our proven, practical training
     is actually fun. Write for FItEE BOOK—"Art for Ploas-
     , tire and Profit". State age.

   [ STUDIO 994E	WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF ART

       111515th. ST. N. W.	WASHINGTON. D. C.

Homae-Study

Business Training

    Your opportunity will never be bigger than your
    preparation. Prepare now and reap the rewards of
    early success. Free 64-Page Books Tell How. Write
    NOW for book you want, or mail coupon with your
    name, present position and address in margin today.

 D Higher Accountancy

 □	Mod. Salesmanship

 □	Traffic Management

 □	Law: Degree of LL.B.

 □	Commercial Law

 □	Industrial Mgm't

 □	Business Mgm't

 □	Business Corres.

□	Credit and Collection
Correspondence

□	Modern Foremanshlp

□	Eipert Bookkeeping

□	C. P. A. Coaching

□	Business English

□	Effective Speaking
OStcnotypy

   LaSalle Extension, Dept 4334-R, Chicago

Disturb Not tlie Dead

THE other clay a friend whom we
hadn’t seen for years strolled into
our office. He had just returned
from India, and as he sat chatting with
us, he dangled a small strangely shaped
charm on the end of his watch chain—
a woman’s body with the head of a snake.
When we remarked on it, he told us this
story. . . .

  Some years ago in Bombay, he said,
there lived an English family, Mr. and
Mrs. Featherstone and their son John.

  One night they had as a dinner guest,
Major Littlejohn, of the Indian Army.
He had with him this charm you see
here. It was supposed to have the power
of granting wishes—three wishes.

  When Mrs. Featherstone admired the
bauble, Major Littlejohn presented it to
her, saying jokingly that she’d better be
careful about making her wishes.

  But as the days went by, Mr. and Mrs.
Featherstone found that their minds dwelt
more and more on the powers of the little
idol. Wouldn’t it be wonderful, they
thought, if it were really true. They
amused themselves by discussing what
they would wish, and finally they agreed
that above all things, they wanted their
son John to be made foreman of the iron
plant—with the attendant raise in pay
which would enable them to have so many
more of the comforts of life.

  Finally Mr. Featherstone determined
to try it. “What harm can it do?” he
asked. “The thing won’t work anyway.”
Nevertheless, he solemnly repeated the
mystic incantation by which the charm
was invoked, and asked that his wish be
granted. They went to bed laughing at
each other and promptly forgot the whole
thing.

  When later the next day, John called
from the factory, bursting with pride in
the fact that he had been made head fore-
man, they were astounded and almost
overcome with joy. And yet—they caught
themselves looking at each other strange-
ly—for each was thinking of the price
Disturb Not the Dead

they might he called upon to pay.

  At six o’clock, the telephone rang. For
a few seconds the old couple stared at it,
then Mr. Featherstonc, almost against his
will, lifted the receiver.

  His shocked look of horror told its own
story. Their beloved son John had fallen
into one of the iron presses and been in-
stantly killed, his body horribly mutilated
beyond recognition.

  One thought was in Mrs. Feather-
stone’s head. She rushed to the mantle-
piece and caught up the evil charm. In a
trembling fearful voice she took the sec-
ond wish—she begged for the return of
her son.

  The old couple sat before the door far
into the night. Waiting, hoping—yet not
daring to hope. And then—Mrs. Feather-
stone, her ears sharpened by a mother’s
love, heard it first. A slow, dreadful,
scraping noise—like a heavy body drearily
inching its way along. Then they both
heard the gasping breath and little whim-
pering sighs of something—human or
otherwise—in awful soul-rending agony!

  They both leaped at the same time—
Mrs. Featherstone to the door to fling it
open—and Mr. Featherstone toward the
mantlepiece—and Mr. Featherstone won.
He clutched the little charm with shaking
hands, and as fast as he could say the
words, he prayed to the evil bauble to
take back whatever it was that choked and
groaned on their veranda.

  Mrs. Featherstone’s hand jerked open
the door, and she stared spell-bound into
the blank empty darkness! And yet, there
was something—a single s^ot of blood!

  Abruptly our friend stopped his story
and we asked how he got the charm.

  “I happened to be present when they
pulled Mrs. Featherstone’s body out of
the river. This was in her hand.”

  We couldn’t repress a shudder, and we
didn’t feel comfortable until the charm
and the old friend were out of the office
—for good, we hope!

THE EDITORS.

UNEMPLOYED

MEN and WOMEN

Hail This Application
At Once/

 [■■■■[ COFFEE ACENCY APPLICATION

 Over 350 more men and women needed at once to
 open fine-paying Coffee Agencies right In their own
 home localities. The chance to make as high as
 $60.00 in a week, starting at once. No past expe-
 rience needed. This company will send you every-
 thing you need and give you all the help you re-
 quire. You risk no money. Mall this Application If
 you want to know whether your own or nearby
 locality in open. No obligation—you decide after
 you read the plan.

©

 Write Your Full Name and Ad-
 dress Here

 Name.....................................

(State whether Mr.. Mrs., or Miss)

      Address........

           City and State.

<D

 How Much Time Can You De-
 vote to Coffee Agency?

         Mark with an "X"

      □	rrnx time,-	Q fart time

          Full time pays up to S3S to SCO in a week. Part
          time, either durian the day or evenings, pays op
          to IM.50 In a week.

State Which Bonus You Prefer
—Cash or Ford Sedan

           In addition to tlielr cash earnings, we oiler our
           producers a cosh bonus of {50(1.00 or a brand-
           new. latest model Ford Tudor Sedan. State which
           /ou would prefer if you decide to accept our offer.

           Mark "X" before your choice.

         □	$500.00 CASH BONUS;

        □	LATEST MODEL FOIID TUDOB SKI)AN

           Can You Start at Once?

         Mark with an "X”

     □	YES;	□ NO

          If you cannot start at onoe. slate about whm you
          will be able to start.

   SEND NO "MONEY “

  No money fee Is required with this Application. It merely
  tells us that you would consider running a Coffee Agency In
  your locality If we have an opening for sou. There's no
  obligation. You will be notified by return mail whether your
  home locality is available. Then you can decide if the
  money-making possibilities look good to you. A chance to
  be Independent, work as you please, and
  make more than just a modest living.
  Those who apply first will be given
  preference, so mail your Application
  without delay. No letter Is required.
  Just the Application.

ALL
APPLICA-
TIONS
WILL BE
HELD
STRICTLY
CONFIDEN-
TIAL

        HAIL AT ONCE TO
 Albert Mills, President
 8071 Monmouth Ave.. Cincinnati, Ohio
-Arms of the

Nathalie’s white body suddenly
burst into consuming flame! How
such a grisly thing could have hap-
pened I knew not. I knew only that
the next victim to the bloody gods
of these mad hellions was to be—
the girl I loved!

FRANCIS JAMES

THE precursors of horror are
sometimes strangely innocu-
ous. Just a string of dancing
dolls was the thing that brought the
cold fire to kill five of our friends
and send Helen behind madhouse
bars. Paper dolls such as children scis-
sor out of folded newspapers. . . .

  None of us had expected to meet death
Flame Godd ess

Mystery and Bizarre Horror in a that day when we went out for a late

Feature*Length Novel	afternoon stroll in the woods around

                                  Monmouth mountain. Just a summer
                                  day’s jaunt—but it was an outing that
                                  was to lead us into the valley of hell!

  After rambling for an hour or so, laugh-
ing and chatting, the six of us came out
of the trees on to the crest of a little
knoll. And then, at the sight which sud-
denly leaped at us, we came to a standstill

7
8

Dime Mystery Magazine

and I for one felt my very spine go cold.

  Fifty yards away a man stood with
whips of thorns in his hands. Save for a
dirty rag twisted about his loins, he was
stark naked. He was lashing himself with
the whips. The blows brought rivulets
of blood trickling over his pipestem limbs
and at each stroke he leaped high in the
air. Foam spattered his face and his eyes
blazed with a maniacal glare.

  He was muttering some unintelligible
gibberish under his breath. What he
seemed to be saying, in a hoarse, hysteri-
cal croak, was:

  “Blood! Blood and fire to wash me
from sin!”

  It was a revolting spectacle. We had
all heard that this remote region of moun-
tain valleys was a hotbed of the Peni-
tentes, a cult of self-torturers who had
imported their weird beliefs from Mexico
—religious fanatics who sought hope of
forgiveness of sins through punishment
of the body here upon earth. But this
was the first evidence we had had that
the tales contained an element of truth.

  We all stood spellbound an instant and
then I broke away from the others. Anger
at sight of such human beastliness needled
me. I rushed up to him, gripped him by
a naked, sweat-glistening shoulder and
spun him around.

  “You fool!” I yelled. “What are you
doing!”

  He whirled to snarl through bared
teeth. He brought his thorn whip slashing
across my face. As I stumbled away, he
jerked from my clutch and went galloping
into the bushes.

  The others came up and we all ran after
him. There was no sane reason for this,
for we knew the danger of meddling in
the affairs of the clannish and hate-ridden
folk of these valleys. It was some urge
of horrified curiosity that sent us beating
through the underbrush on his heels.

A dip in the ground shut him from our
view. A moment later we came into the

open again at the edge of a little glade.
We rushed a step forward and then froze
in our tracks. Ed Bradshaw’s voice came
>n gagged husking:

  “Great God, what is that?”

T^HE man we had been chasing lay
motionless on the ground in the midst
of the grassy plot. He was dead. But as
we stole forward, we knew that it wasn’t
the flogging that had killed him. He had
been burned to death! His body was
charred to a blackened husk crusted over
with a queer hard shell that flaked off in
crackling fragments as Ed poked at it
with his foot.

  For a long instant then there wasn’t a
sound save the eerie croon of the wind
in the trees and our tightened breathings.
This was incredible. Two minutes before
we had seen him running—and now his
carcass lay charred to a cinder as though
it had been exposed to the blast of a holo-
caust !

  Helen—my wife—slid her hand into
mine. It was a hand of ice. George Thorn-
ton’s voice came thick with bewilderment:

  “He’s done to a crisp. But there isn’t
any fire. The grass around him isn’t even
burned.”

  We stared from the dead man to one
another’s whitened faces. No human hand,
it seemed, could have killed him, only a
power conjured from sorcery’s depths.
He had burned to death there where he
lay—but the grass stems around him were
still waving and green! In vain I told
myself that I was a fool, tried to use
reason to convince myself that it was
some kind of a grisly hoax. Educated
man though I was, I couldn’t, for this
was beyond reason.

  It was the voice of Nathalie, Thornton’s
wife, that snapped us out of our norrified
staring and brought us wheeling around.
Nathalie was a care-free and jolly sort,
buxom, blue-eyed and always laughing.
But now she stood queerly white, staring
Arms of the Flame Goddess

9

down at the ground. Fear was in her face.
"Look! Oh, look at that!” she cried.
It was because they were so small that
in our excitement we hadn’t noticed the
line of figures half buried in weeds and
grass. We saw now that they were
dancing dolls, long strings of six-inch high
cut-outs linked arm in arm. From their
nests of green stems they peered up with
the pert impish faces of sprites evoked
from the nether world. Such things as
evil-minded children might have scissored
and left to enclose the form of the dead
man in a magic ring. But no children
had been here—no one had been here.

  Mary Bradshaw let out a cry, her voice
reedily thin and unnatural.

  “Don, let’s go! Let’s get out of here.
I’m afraid 1”

  We were all afraid. Horror rode on the
cold that flowed out of the mountain caves
to tingle at the roots of our spines. “Yes,
we’ll go,” I muttered. I slid my arm
around Helen’s slim waist, started to turn
her away and then stiffened. For the
undergrowth around us had suddenly
come alive. Hunched squatting forms
could be seen, with gnome-like faces, as
though a vent from hell had poured a
horde of its denizens up onto the earth.
Their hands clutched sticks and clubs.
The bushes rustled as they crept forward.
Still sheer terror held us transfixed till a
cry suddenly tocsinned:

  “Kill! Kill! Burn them to death!”

  We turned then and fled—fled from the
picture of a dead man inside a ring of
paper dolls, from the yells of those who
wanted to do likewise to us. I don’t know
how we managed to keep ahead of them
through the half mile of wood road out
to the place where we had parked our car
on the highway, for terror of nightmare
seemed rooting our feet to the ground.
The last hundred yards, I snatched Helen
up into my arms and carried her and
Thornton and Bradshaw did the same
with their wives.

  The sun was close to setting as we
dashed out to see the machine standing
at the edge of the road. Yet there was
light enough to show us the addition that
had been made to it since we had left it
there—a string of paper dolls looped
across the front of the windshield.

  I yanked the things off and flung them
on to the ground. We piled into the car
without a word. Sweat clammed the pahn
of my shaking hand as I fumbled the key
into the lock of the ignition.

T TRAMPED on the gas and sent the car

  lurching and skidding around the sharp
turns of the narrow road. Fast as I drove,
it wasn’t swiftly enough to shake us free
of the terror that raced at our sides, that
seemed to snatch at us from the shadow
blots rolling down from the hills like
swollen carcasses of octopi.

  We were returning to the house of one
of the natives where we had engaged ac-
commodations for the week or so that we
had expected to be here. The business
that had brought us to Monmouth Valley
had started when Helen and I had been
induced to join the other four friends who
were with ue in buying as a speculation a
large tract of woodland property. That
had been some years before. I knew that
the timber standing on our land was of
considerable value. But I had opposed
their suggestions to cut and market it. I
knew this region hereabouts and I hated
the dark solitudes of the ridges and
gloomy ravines. I feared the ignorance
and sullen cruelty of its natives.

  But when there came to us a report of
an engineer that signs of oil were ap-
parent in several places, the importunities
of my wife and the others became too
insistent to stand against. My first sug-
gestion had been for the other two men
to come with me to investigate the truth
of the reports. But the girls vetoed the
idea of being left out. “I’m an owner as
much as you are, and I’m going, too!’*
10

Dime Mystery Magazine

Helen had exclaimed, her eyes sparkling.

  That was like Helen. Petite, brown-
eyed and vivacious, she was a live-wire
of eager vitality. For the five years of
our marriage she had been my partner in
everything—mind, soul and body. I loved
her with respect for her fine brain, de-
votion to her loyalty and a hunger for
her lush, perfect womanhood that held
still a lover’s ardent heat.

  The other wives too had insisted on
coming and so we had made up the party.
We had arrived three days before and
from the information we had so far gath-
ered, the prediction of buried riches
seemed to have something. It looked as
though we might be in for a clean-up.

  But I couldn’t be easy in mind. The
natives hated us, strangers coming to dis-
turb the vice-ridden isolation in which
they delighted. In the squalid little village
which formed their metropolis, something
foul and obscene seemed to breathe in the
very air. When I saw the sin-bitten
countenances and piggy eyes of its in-
habitants fastened on Helen, I would have
given a million if she hadn’t come.

  And now the dead man in the woods,
and the paper dolls. And those dolls, too,
across the front of our car. . . . What
sense in that macabre mingling of childish
toys and hideous death? It was the re-
volting prank of a ghoul. I looked down
to meet Helen’s eyes turned up to mine,
and I knew that the smile I strove to
make reassuring was twisted and white.

T^HE house to which we were returning
was the home of Frank Leadbetter
and his wife, who had been recommended
by our only friend in town, lawyer Emery
Paave. Supper was ready when we had
garaged the car in the barn and gone
into the house, with our two hosts await-
ing our arrival in the kitchen.

  Leadbetter was a gangling bean-pole
of a countryman, with tallow-white face
tl'at sloped, chinless, into the open neck

of his faded blue shirt. He had a shock
of slicked-down red hair and pale blue
parrot eyes above a hooked beak of a
nose. Big as he was, he was dominated
into cringing subservience by his acid-
tongued little shrew of a wife. Maria
Leadbetter could have served as a pattern
of womanhood at its most repellent—a
face dark and forbidding as a tomahawk,
with rodent black eyes under greasy
tangles of hair that looked as though it
had never known the ministrations of a
comb.

  We ate without much conversation, for
the memory of what had happened lay
like something dead in our stomachs.
Finally I leaned toward the farmer and
suddenly asked:

  “Did you ever hear of a man being
burned to death without any fire?”

  The man’s fork dropped clattering to
the table. He shot me a glassy-eyed stare.
He lifted a big white hand, matted with
reddish hairs, to paw at the wattled flesh
under his gullet.

  “He didn’t pay up,” he managed to
mutter at last. “They hexed him to burn.”
“Whom didn’t he pay?” I exclaimed.
“Pay what?”

  For a long moment, while Leadbetter
stared at me, there wasn’t a word spoken.
Bradshaw sat motionless, his square heavy
face with the mop of black hair tensely
alert. Thornton’s lean, intellectual counte-
nance with the brilliant blue eyes was
sharp as a hound’s on the scent.

  Whether the farmer would have told
us more, I do not know. But his wife,
standing behind at the stove, half turned
to rasp out a cry discordant as a raven’s
croak. Leadbetter flinched as though he
had been lashed by a whip. And after
that he wouldn’t utter another word.

  The meal was finished in silence. Rising
from the table, I left the house and went
out on the piazza. I wanted a chance to
try to focus my thoughts, to try to figure
some sense out of these fantasies. In a
Arms of the Flame Goddess

11

moment Helen joined me, to wrap both
of her arms around one of mine and hud-
dle against me.

   It might have been five or six minutes
that we stood there, staring at the black
wall of the forest only a short distance
away. And then I heard my wife’s breath
in a swift indrawing as her grip tightened
around my arm.

   Out there among the trees, lights were
moving, pale will-o’-the-wisps that flitted
through the gloom like torches of etherial
fire. And then came something more in-
credible yet. For the. fire seemed to take
on the shapes of girls dancing—linked
hand in hand like the paper dolls! Slim
nude shapes that swayed in spectral
minuet. And now they seemed to be
beckoning to me, luring, taunting, with
an invitation of Circe-like wantonness.

  Foul, unclean things were whispering,
I felt their snaky crawling across my
brain. For I was aware of an amazing
emotion, a longing to go there to those
girls!

   I knew a cold clutching of incredulous
fear. I as an educated man, couldn’t
believe in any rot of supernatural powers
such as was driving the Leadbetters cold
with fear. But what could have happened
to me to make me so unlike myself, to
make me sweat with unnatural desire to
clutch those naked girls in my clasp? It
was as though the hex sign of the dolls
on my car, despite my disbelief in them,
had distilled a subtle poison into my soul.

  What dreadful thing might have taken
place the next instant I don’t dare to
think. I was tugging impatiently at
Helen’s hands to free myself when steps
sounded behind and Bradshaw’s voice
came in a gagging shout from the door-
way. What he husked out in terror was:

   “Collier, come in here! For God’s sake,
come into the house!”

  His voice sounded insane devoid of
meaning, it rose from a strangled sobbing
to lash the air in dull iterations.

CHAPTER TWO
They Kill Without Hands

A SCREAM tocsinned from inside as
we turned to run after him. It came
from a room up at the head of the stairs.
We saw Mary Bradshaw’s face peering
down over her husband's shoulder, and
the next moment we were up on the land-
ing too.

  A few minutes before, it seemed, Thorn-
ton had excused himself to come up here.
Wondering what had kept him when he
didn’t return, Nathalie had come to see.
She had found—what we saw there in the
middle of the floor.

  We knew that it must be Thornton, the
platinum wrist watch on his arm told us
that. But the face that looked up at us
wasn’t his. It wasn’t—human. It was a
jet cinder, a shrunken and blackened skull
burned hard as iron with rows of white
teeth in sardonic grinning between what
was left of the lips. The rest of him
hadn’t been touched, his clothes were un-
scorched. And no fire had been there,
for the bare boards around him weren’t
even singed.

  I stood there with my fingernails biting
into my palms and I wanted to yell out
my horror. Helen’s mouth opened to
speak, but the rasped croakings that came
from it conveyed nothing save utter ter-
ror. She threw herself into my arms,
shaking hysterically, her hands clawing
my shoulders.

  “Oh, what did it? What killed him
like that, without anyone’s hearing?” she
finally managed to gasp.

  I didn’t answer her. I was just a com-
mon man, as well informed as the average,
as open to reason. But this—I put it out
of my mind. I wouldn’t allow myself to
think what I would have to if I thought
at all.

Steps became audible on the stairs and
the face of Maria Leadbetter showed in
12

Dime Mystery Magazine

the doorway. Her huge husband scuffed
dog-like at her heels. He took one look
at what lay on the floor and went green.
His mouth made gulping motions like
those of a fish and then he gasped:

  “It's them! They’ve been here! Been
in the house—”

  His wife didn’t utter a word. She shot
a glance at Thornton and then she whirled
and went clattering down stairs. She was
muttering some unintelligible farrago un-
der her breath. What she seemed to be
croaking was a rigamarole of disjointed
phrases, over and over like a charm.

  I pulled Helen out of the room and then
they were all getting out of there. We
didn’t even lift Thornton to lay him on
the bed. None of us could endure the
thought of touching that twisted thing
that we knew would squirm and crackle
under our touch.

  There was only one thing to be done
now, and we all knew what it was. But
Helen voiced it first. She moaned:

  “Don take me away from here! Get me
out of this place!”

  I looked at Bradshaw. He said:

  “I'll get one of the cars. You folks get
busy and pack what you will need for
overnight.”

  He hurried down stairs. I stayed with
the girls while Helen and Mary packed
for themselves and Nathalie, too. Thorn-
ton’s wife was on the verge of a crack-up.
She sagged down on the edge of Mary’s
bed and sat swaying to and fro, racking
out those horrible tearless sobs.

TT TOOK Helen maybe two minutes to
fling a few necessaries into a couple
of bags. When the suitcases were ready I
picked them up and preceded the girls
down stairs. The front door was open.
Maria Leadbetter was outside working
feverishly with a shovel. She was digging
a hole in front of the step. Just as we
came into sight she dropped into it a
freshly killed chicken. And with it was

silver—a handful of trinkets and cheap
jewelry—and a wisp of hairs from the tail
of a horse.

  “What are those for?” I said.

  She looked up at me, face contorted,
wild-eyed.

  “The hexes can’t git over ’em,” she
panted. “I’m a-goin’ to put some more at
the back door an’ lay knives on the winder
sills.”

  The spot of cold on my spine slid to
my scalp. Where were we ? In twentieth
century America or back in the Dark
Ages?

  There wasn’t long to think about that,
for suddenly Bradshaw appeared around
the side of the house. He barged up to
the door and stood gripping its frame,
face sweat-beaded and whiter than wax.

  “We can’t make it!” he gasped.
“They’ve ruined the cars. Tires slashed,
ignition ripped out, gas tanks split open—
it will take hours in a repair shop to get
them rolling.”

  For an instant no word was spoken.
Something sightless and cold seemed to
pass over us, the shadow of death. Then
Mary Bradshaw screamed:

  “We’re too late! They’re going to kill
us! We’re all going to burn to death!”

  Finally we hauled ourselves around
back into the house and into the grubby
little sitting room. We stood there and
tried to think what to do. Walking was
out of the question, we were twenty miles
from the nearest town. There was only
one man in the place to whom we could
appeal—lawyer Emery Paave. And he
was down in the village a couple of miles
away.

  Finally it was decided that one of us
—it chanced to be me who was picked
by the fall of a coin—should try to get
there and see him and also the sheriff. It
was agreed that the three girls and Brad-
shaw should all sit together down stairs
and that he should have Leadbetter’s
loaded shotgun.
Arms of the Flame Goddess

13

  We didn’t know how much time we
had—if we had any time. No one knew
how Thornton had burned. But if he had
died, why not Brad, or Mary—or Helen ?
Any one of us, at any moment now, turn-
ing black the way he 'had! Somehow I
felt, I think we all knew, that whatever
we did would be helpless and futile. How
could we, with puny human means, thwart
the unseen menace of those who had twice
killed with a power that must come from
hell ? I took Helen into my arms to kiss
her goodbye, and my soul was cold.

TTHE village houses were like skulls of
long-dead colossi with blinking yellow
eyes, lining the road. A brighter cluster of
illumination marked the location of the
store. Through dust-grimed windows I
saw the place half filled with a motley
crowd. Worm-eaten boards creaked un-
der my feet and then I swung open the
door and paused on the threshold, looking
around.

  For a moment none of the score of
slouched figures seemed to have noticed
my entrance. In that instant before a word
was said I noticed again a fact that had
puzzled me more than once before, that
many of them wore in the lapels of their
coats small buttons as though marking
membership in some order. The design
of the emblem was a face of scarlet against
a black background. And what a face!
A miniature replica of a Satan, with beady
green eyes and sprouting horns.

  I raised my voice.

  "Can anyone tell me where to find
Emery Paave?”

  A few heads turned to cast black
glances back at me but save for that my
inquiry elicited no response. One pimply-
faced youth stood slouched against a wall,
eyeing me. I approached him, money dis-
played in my half-opened hand.

  "Want to make five dollars ?” I said.

  The lad’s eyes lighted greedily as he
pocketed the bill.

"Doin’ what ?” he said in a high treble.
"I’m after a little information.” I
stepped closer and lowered my voice. "Did
you ever hear of men that go around in
the woods with whips, flogging people?”
The paucky-looking youth stiffened.
His eyes narrowed to wary slits. His
mumbling reply was too ready, too facile:
“Me? I never heard of ’em.”

  I reached out to touch the devil button
in his coat.

  “What’s that?” I said. “Some society
that you belong to ?”

  His eyes flickered sidewise. A vulpine
look came over his face. He mumbled:
“Hit’s nawthin’. Jest suthin’ I found.”
I ought to have known that I had said
enough, for the others had turned to come
flocking around us, a duster of pale, men-
acing eyes. A wizened old ruffian with
trickles of tobacco juice leaking from the
angles of his toothless gums shoved up to
me and rasped in a strident falsetto:

  “You ever hear o’ folk gettin’ into
trouble by askin’ questions that didn’t con-
cern ’em? Git out o’ here and go along
o’ your own business.”

  Common sense should have told me my
danger then and warned me to clear out
while they would still let me go. But fool-
hardily I asked one more thing, for I
thought that some one might let go of a
hint to indicate who was behind the out-
rages that were taking place, and I still
didn’t really believe that they would dare
harm me. What I said was:

  "I found a man dead in the woods this
afternoon. He must have been burned to
death by children, for there were paper
dolls—”

  The moment those words left my lips
I knew I had done it. Hunger for murder
had lain like a mine in that crowd, only
awaiting a spark to set it off, and my re-
mark was the spark. An animal growl
rasped around the ring. I saw upraised
hands gripping clubs. Hunched figures
surged toward me, a circle of hate-twisted
14

Dime Mystery Magazine

faces. Hatred founded on the primitive
unreasoning ignorance of beasts.

  Terror snatched at me then. I started
backing away from them toward the door.
I had just managed to get outside when
some one threw a stone. A shower of
missiles pelted me and the next moment I
was pinned in the center of a cursing and
milling pack.

  For an instant it was slug, smash and
punch with my fear-needled muscles en-
dowed with a strength that wasn’t my
own. I had been a middle-weight boxer in
college and for a short time I held my
ground with them. My jabs drove them
back holding their jaws and clutching
their stomachs. They surged closer and
I grunted grim relish as I felt faces cave
under my full swings.

  But this couldn’t last. They yammered
fury and came on afresh. I knew stabbing
agony as their sticks bludgeoned my skull.
Some one tripped me and I was down.
They were using their feet on me now.
With insensate cruelty of a wolf-pack
rending a fallen one, they pounded my
head and my vitals. I rolled on to my face
and tried to protect my brain with my
folded arms. Their blows ripped them
away. The most terrible of all sounds
upon earth, the death roar of a mob,
rolled over me while shrill voices sky-
rocketed :

  “Kill the damned rich un! Pound the
damned spy to death!”

  Only feebly now could I strive to cover
myself, for my numbed muscles were al-
most done. I knew they were killing me.
I sobbed prayers for mercy and I heard
them laughing in mockery as my senses
slipped into oblivion.

CHAPTER THREE

The Punished Of God

T CAME back from unconsciousness—
from death as I at first thought in my
dazed bewilderment—to find myself lying

on a couch with a huge figure standing
and looking down at me in the light of an
oil lamp. My forehead was wet and the
raw taste of whisky burned my lips.

  I blinked, grunted and pushed myself
up to sitting. Seeing me at last coming
around, the big man set the lamp down on
a table and with a sigh of relief pulled a
chair up to my side. He was the man I
had come to see, lawyer Paave, a moun-
tainous Dutchman with a mane of yellow
hair and a face round and red as a balloon.

  “You haf had a narrow esgape, my
friendt Collier, a fery narrow esgape,”
he said in his thickened guttural. “Those
maniacs out there would haf gilled you if
I had not come along yust in time and
driven them off. What happened—from
de beginning?”

  I told him the story, commencing with
the flogging man in the woods and ending
with Thornton’s death and the crippling
of our cars. He shook his head as I fin-
ished. Deeply troubled, his voice rumbled
back:

  “It iss even worse than I feared. I do
nod need to tell you of the dreadful ignor-
ance and superstitions of de people in this
valley, how they are believers in witch-
craft. This may seem ingoncievable in
these days of progress, but you haf only
to read in de newspapers to know of de
hex murders that take place around here.

  “But this iss nod all. There are de
Penitentes, those fools who haf gone mad
pondering on their sins. They commit
horrible deeds to gain salvation through
punishment of de flesh. And it iss believed
—though no one iss sure—that the man
who is at de head of de Penitentes is also
de hex boss who through his supposed
power to cast charms and bewitch his
enemies forces efery man, woman and
child to obey his gommands. He plays a
double part. From time to time he kills
some one in a terrible way to terrify de
others and keep them obedient. And he
has goot reason for wanting you out of de
Arms of the Flame Goddess

15

way. If you find oil, it will mean the com-
ing of business, of progress, everything
which will end his gontrol which iss based
on fear and ignorance.”

  “Have you any idea how he does it?”
I said. “How he kills them without any
fire?”

  Paave got out a silk handkerchief and
mopped the sweat from his bald head. He
looked at me strangely.

  “Hexes,” he muttered. “They are be-
witched. He puts a charm on them so that
they burn.”

   I stared at him.

  “You believe that, too?” I exclaimed.
“You, an educated man—”

  “When I first came here, I would haf
said the same as you,” the blue-eyed giant
muttered. “But now, my friendt Collier,
I haf seen—Gott knows what I haf seen!”
I got myself up from the bed to pace
the floor. The fear of this unimaginative
Dutchman, his acceptance as fact of the
things that I had tried to tell myself were
sheer madness, frightened me more, ac-
tually, than Thornton’s death and the
thing in the woods.

  “Who is this man?” I said after a mo-
ment. “Where can I find him ?”

  “His name iss Hans Ludlam. He iss
another Dutchman,” Paave answered.
“He lives in a shack in de woods.”

  “I’m going to see him,” I said. “I’m
going to have the truth out of him. Will
you take me—or are you afraid?”

  Paave knocked the ashes out of his long

pipe and rose slowly. He said heavily:
“I am nod afraid of him, but you must
nod go there—nod now.” He held up his
hand. “Listen out there, to the mob. The
town iss crazy tonight with hate against
you and yours. When I wass bringing
you in here I heard them talking about
going out to get the rest of your friends.
You haf a lovely wife, and—”

  The big man’s voice dropped to a fear-
tightened husking.

  “But it iss nod those out there with
the clubs whom you should fear most,
for they kill only the body. It iss the
others who slay body and soul too with
their fires—fires from hell kindled without
human hands.” The grip of his powerful
fingers bit into my arm. “This afternoon
they put the hex on you—and her, too.
No one who has ever received that has
lived, not ever one. If you have one little
chance to see her alive before dot burning
come to her—”

  Still talking rapidly he steered me
across the room toward a door.

  “Go by the back way out and get home
to her. Go as fast as you can, and then
faster. I will go to the sheriff. He and
I will get Ludlam and the two of us will
take him to Leadbetter’s. You can talk
with him and then we still stay with you
the rest of the night.”

  I gripped his hand silently. Through
the moment’s silence voices in the street
rose in hubbub of curses. Lantern lights
glinted on waving clubs.

JOY HODGES IN NEW MOVIE
GIVES STAR PERFORMANCE

Joy Hodges highlights the Universal
Picture, “Merry-Go-Round of 1938”.
Why not highlight your mornings with
another Star Performance—a clean,
lasting shave with a Star Single-edge
Blade? 4 for 1W. Famous since 1880.
Star Blade Division, Brooklyn, N. Y.

FOR GEM AND EVER-REAPY RAZORS

STAR'S^

4 FOR 10*
16

Dime Mystery Magazine

  “Come on! Let’s go and get them!”
the gathering cry rang.

  Paave pushed me swiftly out of the
room and pointed my way along a dark-
ened rear passage. I followed it to a back
door opening into a yard.

  Outside, I halted an instant to listen to
the growl that rolled over the housetops
and then I started to run. The two miles
of rutty, mud-plastered going seemed long
as eternity. I raced through patches of
forest and then between overhanging cliffs
where the wind came freighted with cold
and voices of things unseen crooned from
the rock crannies. My panting breaths
tugged my lungs out by the roots while
terror, gibbering at my heels, flogged me
faster and faster still. If God would only
let me find Helen there, find her alive. . ..

VV/HEN at last I pounded into the yard,
I took one look at the house and my
heart dropped like a lump of lead into
my stomach. The front door sagged awry
011 shattered hinges, the windows gaped
with splintered panes. The mud in the
yard was chewed into quagmire by milling
of many feet.

  I raced up to the door and there I stood
rigid an instant before I could move or
speak. At last I wet my lips and managed
to gasp: “Helen ! Helen, where are you ?”
There was no answer. A ribboned win-
dow shade slatled back and forth. A va-
grant wind was wandering through the
dark hallways. It swayed the flame of the
single candle that stood on a table as
though tugging at it with spectral fingers.
Somewhere a dog howled.

  I stumbled in over the threshold and
caught up the candle. From room to room
I stormed. I cast wild-eyed glances into
dark corners, from time to time I halted
to sob out her name.

  And then suddenly I heard her answer,
a far-away shrilling:

  “Don! Don, I’m here!”

  I beat my way toward that wailing, my

hands pawing the dark as though they
would tear open a passage through which
I could fly to her. As I rounded a corner,
there was a pattering of feet and a slim
little figure rushed to throw itself into my
arms. She clung to me in hysterical re-
action and I could feel her body throb in
the tremors that racked it. She lifted her
tear-streaked face to mine and I couldn’t
stop kissing her.

  “What happened ?” 1 whispered at last.
“Was it the mob from the village?”

  ‘‘No—some of those men that we saw
in the woods, with the whips. They broke
down the door. 1 ran up into the attic
and hid under a bed.”

  “And the others?” I said. “Thornton
and Brad and Mary—”

  Her answer came in sobbed moaning.
“They got them, they took them away.
Not the Leadbetter's, though; they ran
into the woods.”

  My heart beats checked with a sudden
sick feeling. All our friends gone. And
only God's mercy that Helen, too. . . .

  I blew out the candle and for a long
minute we stood motionless, clinging to
one another and listening. Outside, the
night was alive with noises, whisperings
and clickings and rustlings. Whether
those ghouls had departed or were still
hanging around there was no way to tell.
If those noises out there were men, they
would realize that there was one whom
they hadn’t got and return.

  Then, little by little, a small wooden
sound became audible, rhythmic, persist-
ent, like tapping of spectral drumsticks
out of the night's immensity. I listened a
moment longer and then I slid my arm
around Helen while I laughed shakily.

  “That’s the loose spoke in Paave’s
buggy.” I said. “He and the sheriff are
coming. And the boss of the Penitentes."

A COUPLE of minutes later the ancient
horse-drawn vehicle turned into the
yard. Paave and the big flaxen-haired
Arms of the Flame Goddess

17

sheriff got out and came forward. Helen
and I met them on the steps and I told
them what had taken place.

   “They’ve got all of our friends,” I con-
cluded savagely. “And if that man there
is Hans Ludlam, he knows where they
are.”

   Paave turned to the figure which up to
this time had stood half concealed in the
shadows.

  “Dere iss Hans Ludlam,” he said.

  I stepped closer to Ludlam. Big as
Paave was, the boss of the Penitentes
loomed shoulders above him. A huge
white beard rippling like burnished silver
from the blue, intensely penetrating eyes
clear to the man’s wrist gave him a pa-
triarchal appearance. He had a swelling
dome of a bald head over high corrugated
forehead, a nose massive and rapacious as
a hawk’s beak. The mouth under the
bushy moustache was a pair of lips thin,
white, incredibly cruel.

   “Is it true that you are the leader of
a sect known as the Punished of God ?” I
asked.

  The big shining head nodded indif-
ferently.

   “I am the pastor of those of us who are
aware of the power of sin,” a deep voice
rumbled sonorously.

   “And your adherents torture themselves
and one another by voluntary floggings?”
I continued.

  “Christ was flogged with a whip of
thorns before He died on the cross,” the
patriarch intoned. “Can we wretched mor-
tals do less than accept punishment for
our sins in the same way?”

   “And you practice witchcraft as a side
line,” I went on. “You keep this valley
of ignorant people in slavery by working
on their superstitions. You kill men and
women to keep them subservient to you.”

  The man’s voice came with the bellow
of an angry bull.

   “That is a lie! I do not deny that such
things go on. But they are the doings of

—others. We are just a company of poor
struggling souls trying to purify ourselves
so that in the day of judgment we may be
received at the heavenly gates. We harm
no others and what we do among our-
selves is our own affair.”

  “My friends and I saw a man flogging
himself in the woods this afternoon,” I
retorted. “When we got to him, he had
been burned to death, but no fire was
near him. Men with whips—some of your
men—were there and chased us. There
was a hex sign of paper dolls there, and
one on our car. Later, one of our party
was killed in this house in the same way.
Those men of yours did it all. They took
our friends away an hour ago. Where are
they now?”

TT’OR a long moment the man stared at
me in such frozen silence that I
thought he had not understood what I
said. Then suddenly he leaped at me,
clubbed fists beating like pile drivers.
They came down on my shoulders and
one smash of them beat me to my knees.
I tried to jump backward, but they found
me again. They pounded my head and
the back of my neck. Their blows rang on
my cranium till they filled it with shooting
stars.

  Paave and the sheriff were after him
now. He drove his great knotted hands
into their faces like rocks at the ends of
piston-rods. They staggered back, gasp-
ing through spurting blood. They rallied
and charged him again and he beat them
like puppets.

  They were gone now, taken to flight,
and he whirled to where I was just stag-
gering up to my feet. He blasted me down
again. His fists were hammers of Thor
beating the life out of a squirming pigmy
of mortal man who twisted and grovelled
this way and that to escape from their
punishment.

  Finally he paused to get breath. Like
a mouse fleeing a torturing cat, I dragged
IS

Dime Mystery Magazine

myself, half crawling, half running, into
some bushes. He didn’t follow me. I
heard him muttering under his breath as
he turned and went stamping out of the
yard and off down the road.

  I got myself up on my feet and stood
leaning against a tree, panting and spitting
blood. I felt as though I had been pum-
meled by the hoofs of a horse. I wiped
tears and sweat from my eyes and looked
around for Paave and the sheriff. I
couldn’t see either of them, or the buggy.
And then the spine-tingling realization
came that they had fled. Terrified at Lud-
lam’s berserker onslaught, they had left
Helen and me to his mercy. Helen—what
had become of her? I looked wildly
around, gasped her name.

  Footsteps sounded and she was there,
shivering against my side. I slid my arm
around her yielding softness and I
thanked God for one mercy, that she was
alive. She clung to me, she sobbed
through chattering teeth:

  “What are we going to do now, Don?
Where can we go?”

  “Try to get back to town, I guess,” I
said. “Get to Paave’s. He’s a coward,
but he’ll take us in.”

  I thought that, then—I dreamed that
in this night of fear there could be one
place of safety for us!

  Helen and I groped our way to the
road. For five or ten minutes we plodded
along, clinging to one another's hands
and not talking. The darkness was
thronged with armies of shadows that
scuttled forward, skipped sidewise, rolled
backward again. Shadows of rocks and
trees, or . . . We couldn't tell. We slid
past them, cringing, and the leaping of
their swart arms at us brought showers
of gooseflesh tingling our spines.

  And little by little I was convinced that
they weren’t shadows of inanimate things.
The croaking of frogs in the marshes had
been the only sounds for a while. Then
from behind came rustlings and grittings,

squshing of feet, rumble of gutteral whis-
pers. The roadway was clogged with a
jumble of forms whose whiplashes zig-
zagged against the stars.

  “There they are! They’re coming for
us!” Helen’s cry spurted. And then we
were running, stumbling and tripping,
slewing through mud, racing as we had
never fled before. I pulled Helen along
by one hand and visions of Thornton’s
cindered face and the circle of paper dolls
twisted an iron hand in my vitals.

  How long or how far we ran I wouldn't
know. Finally came the time when I knew
it was over, for we couldn't go any more.
Helen’s knees had melted beneath her, I
had swept her up into my arms. Now I
too was winded, retching for breath and
spitting blood.

  Her voice came half strangled from
where her face was crushed into my shoul-
der.

  “Kill me, Don ! Kill me now with your
pocket knife! Don’t let them get me!”
she sobbed. “Not to die the way Thorn-
ton did. Do it now, quickly, while I am
kissing you!”

CHAPTER FOUR

Fingers Of Doom

VVHTH my free hand I fumbled for the
™ knife in my pocket. She was right.
Better death at my loving hands than the
tortures of those sadist beasts. And that
was somehing for which the Almighy
would forgive me on judgment day.

  Wildly I groaned as I kissed her. I
would have done it the next instant, had
I not suddenly caught sight of a light in
a house window. And perhaps, even so,
it would have been better. Perhaps she
would be happier now; perhaps I would
be spared the nightmares that are slowly
driving me mad, if I had opened a vein
in her little white throat.

  But the house was there, just a short
distance ahead, and I flogged my legs in
Arms of the Flame Goddess

19

a frantic sprint. Sagging piazza boards
creaked under my weight as I rushed up
to the door. I didn’t pause to knock. I
pawed for the latch, burst open the door
and threw myself over the threshold. Be-
fore looking to see who was there or ex-
plain to them, I spun around to find the
bolt and throw it across.

  I set Helen down on her feet. White
fires where searing my inwards and for
a long minute I sprawled against the wall
gasping before I could utter a sound.

  “The floggers are after us!" I finally
managed to pant.

  There were two of them in the poverty-
bare kitchen, a woman and man. The
poorest type of the most ignorant in-
habitants of the valley, ill-clad, ill-nour-
ished, vacant-eyed. At my words the
woman let out a moan. The man’s jaw
went limp.

  “They—ye say they’re out there?” His

voice rasped in a scream. “They’ll git
me! They’ve come to kill me!”

  “We’ll fight them off,” I said. “Haven’t
you got something, a gun or an axe or
some clubs, anything we can fight with?”
He shook his head. “Wouldn’t do no
good. I didn’t pay in, didn’t hev no money
to pay.”

  “You didn’t have money to pay what?”
I said.

  He looked at me curiously. “You’re
strange in these parts, ain’t ye? We
couldn’t pay fer our button. They come
high—twenty dollars. And now—”

  He turned to point at one of the win-
dows. Against the outside of the glass
had been pasted a string of the dancing
dolls. His finger jerked with his trem-
bling, beads of sweat rolled over his face.

  “They put ’em up three days ago,’' he
slathered. “That means he hexed me.
Means that I got to die.”

CITY OF WHISPERING DEATH

Over New York fell the awesome mutter
of doom, telling men that the time had
come to die—echo the horribly mutilated
corpses of those who had defied its edict!
In that terrified metropolis, sacked and
plundered by the Underworld, only Rich-
ard Wentworth, in the Spider's eerie garb,
dared battle the murder-master who had
made a fortune out of stream-lined corpses
—and killed men with a word! Don’t miss
the Spider’s greatest, feature-length battle
against crime in the April issue of

       MASTER OF MEhj »

Spider

Out Now! Ten Cents!

Out of the bowels of the earth they came, old
and lank and blind—and their cold, dead
hands sought warm, fresh youth. The whole
town shuddered with uncontrollable terror,
and parents clasped their daughters close in
their arms. For they all had heard the dread
whisper—

THE MOLE MEN WANT YOUR
EYES

By Frederick C. Davis

—an eerie, blood-chilling, feature-length novel
heading an issue packed to the brim with
unforgettable stories and novelettes by such
leading writers as Wayne Rogers, E. Hoffmann
Price, Leon Byrne, and others.

ffeftftjOR

    #

April-May	OUT NOW!
20

Dime Mystery Magazine

  I stared at him. It couldn’t actually be
true, that in these modern days I was
watching a man gibbering in terror be-
cause some one had pasted paper dolls
on his window pane! Yet when I re-
membered those other two men, my heart
seemed to turn over. Explain it or not,
call those fears madness of fools, that
pair had died in a way that no sophistry
of the effete civilized world could begin
to account for. Something hideous and
stark and primitive was here.

  “Who is this man you say hexes you
because you didn’t buy one of his but-
tons?” I said at last.

  The farmer shook his head.

  “I dunno. Nobody does. He never
shows up himself, jest sends around one
of the boys that works for him. Some of
the men tried stringin’ up one of them
boys to make him talk. He didn't—but
every last one in the crowd that did it
was dead inside of a month. Burned to
death.”

  I understood now the meaning of those
emblems that I had seen in the village.
Some mind with a hellish genius that
cast that of a New York racketeer into
eclipse had figured out this way to capital-
ize the superstitions of these besotted
country folk and wax fat on their sacri-
fices. If they bought a button and wore
it—paid for “protection”—they weren’t
bewitched. If they didn’t. . ..

  “Anyhow, it’s all nonsense.” I gripped
the man’s arm and shook him to jolt his
bovine mind out of its daze. “There is
no such thing as witchcraft. It’s all a—”

  He wasn’t listening. He was staring
past me at something over my shoulder.
I saw his jaw drop and then a strange
light that I can only describe as hunger
stab through the apathy of his eyes. His
lips grew slack and wet and a gurgling
sound broke from his throat.

  I turned to follow his gaze. I heard
Helen’s gasp and then I felt my own
pulses spurt with amazement.

A WINDOW opened from the kitchen
onto the piazza. And through this,
against the awful blackness of the night, a
figure was visible. It was that of a young
girl, utterly nude save for a gauzy scarf
around her slim loins. She was of a witch-
ing, Circe-like beauty. Her gaze fastened
011 us—on both of us men—and I for one
couldn’t withdraw my eyes. Her look
held a pagan allure, knowledge of age-
old power of things beyond words, of the
stark and primitive instincts that call
from woman to man.

  She stepped back from tine window so
that her whole figure was visible. Her
arms rose over her head. Her slender
body taut and standing 011 tip-toe, she
seemed to be reaching to draw down the
tide of white light to her bosom. Like a
naiad of ethereal and inhuman beauty she
stood there, quivering, breasts hardened
and throbbing—a tiling not of this world,
thrilling to the call of something born of
the night and the moon’s radiance.

  Her arms dropped. Lascivious ripplings
passed through her, writhings of a cat in
throes of desire. She lifted her breasts in
her cupped hands, holding them toward
us.

  A choked cry burst from the farmer.
And then I saw him rush past me to claw
at the bolt securing the door. Sweat stood
on his face, it was the passion-gripped
face of an animal. His wife let out a
scream. She ran after him to pound at
his hands, trying to beat them down from
the latch. Failing in that, she flung her-
self on him, battling with all her frenzied
strength to drive him away.

  He shoved her angrily one side. He
shot back the bolt, wrenched the door
open and dashed out.

  And I ran behind him! I didn’t at that
time understand what prompted me to
do that. If I had used any reason at all
to account for my action, I would have
told myself that I wanted to find out what
was happening, who was behind it. For
Arms of the Flame Goddess

21

those who had been chasing us were no
longer in evidence. They seemed to have
been drawn elsewhere to a fresh victim.

  I would have told myself that. But my
eyes had devoured the seduction of that
naked girl and heat fired my brain. Again
that strange impulse that I had felt once
before was urging me, too, in pursuit of
the evasive figure that eluded the farmer’s
wild rush and went pirouetting across the
yard.

  She didn’t pause for him to overtake
her. She ran swiftly to the opening of a
path that led into the woods. Down this
she sped, a lambent white flame in the
darkness, and behind her lumbered the un-
gainly form of the rustic.

  I turned in there to rush after them.
But Helen had had enough. She brought
me back to my sense with a stinging slap
in the face.

  “What are you doing, Don ?” she cried.
“What is the matter with you ?”

  I halted, blinked and passed my hand
over my eyes. I had a queerly dazed feel-
ing.

  “I don’t know,” I muttered. “I must
have been bewitched.”

  I had said that, not of course meaning
it literally, but as a thoughtless form of
words to convey that something had taken
place which I couldn’t explain. And then
my voice broke as a cold hand leaped to
the back of my neck. The farmer claimed
to have been bewitched, and I had scoffed
at the notion. But some unholy compul-
sion had drawn him from his wife’s side
to follow the girl to what he must have
realized would be his death. And for the
second time tonight I too had known that
same unearthly, almost uncontrollable
temptation!

  I groaned and swept Helen into my
arm9. Hexes, witchcraft — phantoms
whose power lives only in the minds of
the damned, those slaves of fear, or vital
forces of evil? In that moment of terror
I didn’t know, for I had lost the faculty

of reasoning. I only knew that I had just
experienced an invisible magnetism of sin
against which no will power could strug-
gle. If Helen had not been here to save
me. . . .

  Sweat stood on the palms of my hands
as we turned and started back toward
the road. Still we saw nothing of our
late pursuers. They had gone into the
woods where the girl had been leading
the farmer. From deep in the forest came
cracking of whips and a tocsin of agony.
A voice rose in gagged screechings to lash
the dead air. A sudden light flared briefly
and died. Wafting of breeze brought
aroma of roasting flesh. I grabbed Helen’s
arm and husked through clenched teeth:
“Come on, let’s run! Let’s get out of
this!”

YJ77E came to the highway and started
once more in the direction of town.
For perhaps ten minutes we plodded along
when we were overtaken by a buggy
which came lurching over the road at a
gallop. It drew down to a halt and the
face that peered from around the side cur-
tains was that of lawyer Paave. He waited
for us and exclaimed as we came up:

  “I haf been looking eferywhere for you.
Ludlam knocked me out senseless into
some bushes, that must be the reason you
did not see me. The horse took fright at
de fighting and ran away and then de
sheriff is scared too and he goes. After
you two haf left, I come to my senses
back. I catch de horse half a mile down
the road and start to search for you.”
He made room on the seat.

  “Get in. I take you back to my house
where you will be safe. De sheriff is out
with a possee looking for Ludlam. In de
morning everything will be all right.”
There was nothing else to be done. I
dreaded going back to the village. I feared
to stay in Paave’s house. For his story
of that last half hour sounded fishy. Be-
tween him and Ludlam I had seemed to
22

Dime Mystery Magazine

sense some unspoken understanding. Sup-
pose he himself were in with the bearded
giant—was the boss of the hex business!
But we had to go somewhere. The law-
yer’s house seemed the only hope.

   If I had realized then that there was
no hope—not any at all!

   Paave arrived at his back door by side
streets avoiding the crowd that still milled
in the main thoroughfare. The first faces
I saw when we got inside were those of
Leadbetter and his wife.

   “They came here to get taken care of,
too,” Paave explained.

  I went up to my erstwhile host and
said:

  “Have you got one of those buttons?”

  He stared at me for an instant as
though tempted to say he didn’t know
what I meant. Then his face twisted as
he said:

  “No, I hain't got one. Maria won’t
let me. Says it’s all nonsense to pay
twenty dollars fer a hunk o’ glass.”

  I said; “Are you afraid—really
afraid ?”

   He licked his parched lips. He darted
a look back at his wife, her narrow face
alive with a vulpine ferocity.

  “I’ll say I’m afeared,” he husked.
“Maria wants fer me to git killed. That’s
why she won’t give me no money fer to
pay up. She wants ’em to hex me.”

  The farmer produced a flask from his
hip pocket and held it out. The liquor
was the vilest of rot-gut, but its raw
scorching against the walls of my stomach
gave me a synthetic courage that I badly
needed. I took two drinks, long ones.

   It was late, long after midnight. Paave
came, proffering beds, but I declined for
Helen and myself. This was one night
that I didn’t dare close my eyes. The
Leadbetters, however, accepted and de-
parted to leave Helen and me alone in the
small sitting room.

  She stretched out on a couch while I
pulled a big chair up to her side. Hands

linked, we listened to the buzz of excite-
ment now dying away in the village. The
place seemed to be quieting down. Yet I
couldn’t relax. Visions of terror rocketed
through my brain. Thornton’s face with
the grinning white teeth—the demoniacal
power that radiated from that patriarch
of sin, Hans Ludlam—our four friends
gone where, suffering what, God only
knew.

   We two had so far escaped. But would
they leave us in peace now ? Was Paave
himself the boss of the hexers, and had
he brought us under his roof to make the
rest of it easy to arrange ? Minutes
dragged into eternities while terror sat
the night watches with me.

CHAPTER FIVE

Love Of The Damned

T DON’T know when it was that I closed
my eyes and allowed slumber to over-
take me—that night of all nights when
with hell meshing closer I should have
fought off the demons of weariness and
kept awake at no matter what cost.

   Then presently I was conscious again,
lying sprawled in a stupor of half waking,
half sleeping. The moon was higher now,
spilling a rectangle of misty light through
a window. I watched it, trying to focus
my thoughts. The picture of those two
dead men, the circle of paper dolls, the
elfin forms of the dancing girls in the
woods. . . . Was I mad or had uncanny
and supernatural things really been taking
place around me tonight ?

  My eyes slid away from the spot of
light in the effort to shake off those be-
wildering thoughts. They moved toward
the window and there they stopped. My
breath caught in my lungs. A strange in-
credulous terror prickled me with icy
needlings. There in the moonlight was
the girl! She wore only the same diapha-
nous scarf about her lithe hips and her
Arms of the Flame Goddess

23

hair was a tossed mass of gold above the
ivory mask of her face. Her eyes, deep
with that knowledge of unnamable, time-
less things, clung fixedly to mine. For a
second she stood there in suddenly ar-
rested motion and then she was gliding
toward me.

  She halted at the side of the chair,
stooping over me, and her perfect body
was an alabaster white statute sculptured
from moonlight. Her hands reached down
to glide over my face. Cool firm fingers
stroked my temples.

  There was a tingling passion in the
touch of those fingertips that thrilled me
over my whole body. She smiled, slowly,
languorously; her voice came like an echo
from far away. What she was whispering
I couldn’t tell, but the cadence of her
voice vibrated answering strings in my
brain. Half conscious, half stupified, I
groped to seize those pale hands and
crush them against my lips.

  She trilled a laugh and moved swiftly
out of my reach. Then I was conscious
of rising to my feet and stumbling toward
her. My throat seemed to be bursting with
the hammering of my heart which had
flown up to lodge there. And the fear
that gripped me sprang from my knowl-
edge that it had happened to me now,
as it had to those others. Having be-
witched me with longing for her beauty,
she came to claim me, to make me an-
other one of her victims.

  And yet for all that terror, I was glad
with a fiercely reckless exulting that dried
my mouth and brought sweat to the palms
of my hands. I was a damned soul, cursed
by her beauty to follow her to my death in
the fire, yet the blood hissed on my ear
drums as I mumbled wildly:

  “Wait for me. I’m coming. I’m com-
ing !”

  I rushed another step toward her. She
pirouetted away and stood in the moon-
light close to the window. She waited
there, smiling. She lifted her breasts in

her cupped hands and held them toward
me, a maddening offering.

  I started to run to her, and then some
deep-buried and almost forgotten memory
prompted me to halt and direct a glance
toward the couch where Helen had been.
One faint tugging of loyalty to her, still
alive in the quicksand that was sucking
me down!

  Again I looked and a cry broke from
my lungs. She wasn’t there. Helen was
gone. While I had forgotten her in swin-
ish sleep, they had come and taken her.

  For an instant longer I stood there
transfixed, while grief-stricken terror
rolled over me in a flood that made me
oblivious to the girl and her temptings.
I turned my back on her and rushed out
of the room. Through the house I went
storming, shouting Helen’s name. Only
echoes beat my cries back to me, for she
wasn’t there. Paave, the Leadbetters—no
one was in the house.

  At last I found myself out of doors. I
must have been half demented, for the
triangles of the hills hunched over me like
squatting beasts and the wind from their
caves brought voices of night and bottom-
less sin. I stood there alone with the
stars and my agony.

A ND then at last I was aware of the girl
again. She stood near me, swaying
slightly, a wind-blown lily against the
dark, waiting and beckoning.

  Her call surged over me once more
with a longing that obliterated all other
thoughts. Fires swept through my parched
throat and filled my brain. I dashed after
her, arms straining. God forgive me, with
my wife carried away to torture and
death, I raced after that naked woman
and choked cries burst from me, implor-
ing her to come to me, to wait till I could
catch up.

  She didn't pause. She ran scarcely
seeming to touch the ground with her
twinkling white feet. By deserted back
24

Dime Mystery Magazine

roads she led me out of the village. And
now she had turned into another narrow
way into the woods. Down this she sped,
whirling, spinning, gyrating, her nude
body like a woodland sylph in the moon-
light.

  No words can possibly portray the
weird, uncanny loveliness of that spec-
tacle. Her slim white body against the
dark boles of the pines; her blood-red
hair spreading and billowing till it seemed
an aureole of fire against which her torso
and limbs stood outlined in gleaming
ivory. Then suddenly she vanished—
rather she seemed to turn wholly into a
flame, for her body disappeared and there
was only a fire, an errant pointed flame
that flitted in ghostly dippings against
the black tree trunks.

  Whether that fire was human or ani-
mal, material or only a hallucination of
my maddened brain, I didn’t know. It was
a will-o’-the-wisp that led me sweating
and panting through bogs and across fall-
en trees, gasping incoherent cries while I
fought to get near enough to clutch its
flickerings into my arms. Stark terror
twisted my soul, but I couldn’t help my-
self. Honor, my duty to Helen, my love
for her, all seemed windy words without
meaning. The only thing that mattered
was that leaping, gyrating figure of pas-
sion incarnate—passion whose attainment
would bring my death as Thornton had
died. . . .

  Suddenly the girl vanished completely,
blotted out as though by a veil of envel-
oping gloom. And the fire, too. I came
to a sudden standstill and stood breathless,
staring while my figure went rigid as
stone.

  As my eyes focused to take in my sur-
roundings, I became aware that I stood at
one side of an open space among tower-
ing trees. The area was half filled with
raggedly clad figures—some in Mexican
costumes—clutching whips. The flames
of a bonfire in the midst of the circle

etched their faces in crimson and black,
countenances inhuman in fanatical cruelty.
They could have been imps of hell cavort-
ing around a fumace-mouth in its infernal
depths!

  But those furies weren’t alone there.
My horrified eyes counted other faces—
Bradshaw and Mary, Nathalie Thornton.
And Helen. . . . Brad and his wife and
Nathalie they had stripped naked and tied
to stakes. The Penitentes pranced around
them in a march, bearing whips pointed
with steel barbs. They whooped in glee
as they laid on the flagellations. Garment
by garment they ripped off their own
clothes till they were stark naked. They
lashed themselves, too. They leaped high
in the air at the pain, grotesque, plunging
figures that seemed to have been whelped
from earth’s hidden horrors.

  The rout grew frenetic. Their shrieks
held wild ecstasy of devotees approaching
ultimate frenzy of pain-rapture. I tried to
identify some of the faces, for I told my-
self that if ever I got out of this alive, I
would invoke the help of the Governor to
wipe out this unspeakable cult. In the
uncertain firelight, I couldn’t be sure. Of
only one individual was I positive, of a
huge white bearded form that I suddenly
spied standing behind a screen of bushes
and watching proceedings—Hans Lud-
lam 1

IVfY hand groped over the ground, seek-
ing a club. If I could find a weapon
and creep around in the rear of this Satan,
I would strike one blow to bring an end
to his racket with the dashing out of his
brains.

  I hadn’t crawled more than a few steps
in my search when I froze to crouch star-
ing into the circle. A curse sprang to my
lips. For they had taken Helen down
from her stake and brought her into the
ring. She was still clothed and for an in-
stant they contented themselves with dis-
robing her. I had to kneel there, helpless,
Arms of the Flame Goddess

25

and watch that! Fingers hooked into the
neck of her dress. A rip shredded it to
the waist, bringing her white shoulders
and amis into view. Then they went after
her underclothes. In a moment it was all
over. Before those gibbering satyrs she
stood utterly nude.

  They fell in behind her and drove her
around and around while their whips rose
and fell. Crooked red fingers leaped in
zigzaggings over her skin. Her face in
the firelight was a twisted white cameo
chiseled from torture.

  I felt every one of those whip strokes
as though it were falling on my naked
skin. I cursed in meaningless snarlings,
my fingers clawed at the ground as I went
scrambling on all fours, still in search of
a club. I stopped to spin around as
Helen’s moans rang again. Some one had
brought a bridle and jammed the steel
bar between her teeth. They forced her
down on her hands and knees and they
were driving her like a horse. Flogging
her and sawing the reins till the foam on
her lips dripped crimson.

  I lunged up to my feet and the yell that
burst from my throat was a sound wholly
animal. I hadn’t been able to find any
weapon. But I couldn’t wait any longer.
The way I felt then I could tear them all
limb from limb with my naked hands.

  I surged a step forward and then to a
standstill again at an incredible sight.
The gang had suddenly wheeled from
Helen to flock in a group around Nathalie,
still tied to her high stake. Exactly what
happened—whether they did anything at
all to her or not—I couldn’t tell. But sud-
denly her body seemed to burst into flame,
a spurting glare of yellowish-pink light.
It was an outlashing of heat terrific in its
intensity, for it sent the crowd spilling
backward and even there where I stood I
could feel its torrid wave in my eyes.

  The fire went out as swiftly as it had
come. It had been, in fact, more of an
explosion than a flame. As it ebbed away,
I saw Nathalie’s body glowing all over
red as a great coal drawn from a furnace.
Swiftly it cooled to a black cinder. It
twisted in spasmodic convulsions of mus-
cular reflexes.

  I stood there spellbound while goose-
flesh of an unspeakable horror rolled on
my spine. In my smug assurance of twelve
hours before, I had mocked at witchcraft
and all its works. But now I had stood
and watched that girl burned to death
when no fire was within yards of her.
What hope did I have, what hope could
there ever be, of saving Helen from those
who killed with a power that could only
be evoked from hell?

Does your laxative make you

 SICK in the STOMACH?

The first thing you want when you’re con-
stipated is a good thorough cleaning out.
That's why you buy a laxative. But who said
you had to take a rough bitter dose that
makes you sick in the stomach?

  Taking a laxative can be just as pleasant
as eating a piece of delicious chocolate —
provided you take Ex-Lax. It gets thorough
results—but smoothly, easily, without throw-
ing your intestinal system out of whack,
•without causing nausea, stomach pains or
weakness.

America’s favorite family laxative. Now it
is Scientifically Improved. It’s actually bet-
ter than ever! It TASTES BETTER, ACTS
BETTER —is MORE GENTLE than ever.

Equally good for children and grownups.
10(! and 25boxes at your druggist’s.

Try the New Scientifically Improved

EX-LAX

For more than 30 years, Ex-Lax has been THE ORIGINAL CHOCOLATED LAXATIVE
26

Dime Mystery Magazine

  The knot of forms moved rapidly to
stand before Bradshaw. And while he
writhed and screamed in his ropes, the
same thing took place again. And then
there were two blackened things, gro-
tesque and curled-up as foetuses snatched
in untimely birth that crackled with thin
gritting noises as they swayed in the
breeze.

  Mary Bradshaw was next. One of the
Penitentes seemed to throw something in-
visible toward her. The light sprang in a
blinding surge and then the breeze
brought the stench of roasting meat.

  All this time I hadn’t moved. Sheer fas-
cination of horror rooted me to the
ground. And then came the thing which
blew the fuse in my brain. As in a moving
picture of doom, I saw them seizing
Helen and dragging her toward another
stake, as yet untenanted. Their shouts
rang:

  “The next! She is the next! The fire-
god wants a new bride!”

  I saw them hustle her up there, tie her
by her uplifted arms to the vertical shaft.
Saw her white nudeness against the pines,
her eyes upturned to her Maker, while
before her the pack stood motionless, wait-
ing. . . .

CHAPTER SIX

Damnation’s Picnic

I HAD no weapon of any kind, only my
naked hands, as I smashed through the
undergrowth into the open. Neither had
I any real hope of fighting off that mob
single handed and rescuing her. I was
only a berserker primate who had slid
backward ten milleniums in evolution in
as many seconds, in whose brain just one
red emotion surged—to get to her side
and gouge and rip and tear, to kill as
many of them as a man, fighting by the
side of his woman, may kill before he him-
self dies.

It was the fury of my unexpected on-

slaught that took them off balance and
scattered them for an instant. I fell upon
the ring from behind and I had dropped
four of them with smashes to the nerve-
centers of their necks before they were
aware of my presence. Two who halted
to spin around at me I felled with club-
bings that broke their jaws. And then I
was through and running to Helen.

  I had got out my pocket knife as I ran.
I had thought to cut her down, at least
get her away from that stake where death
leaped out of nothing. But there wasn’t
time. They came swarming over me, drag-
ging me back. Pinned inside of a ring, I
lashed at them with loathing of terror
giving me a maniac’s strength. I used my
fists and my feet on them, then my finger-
nails and my teeth. And suddenly then
the ring parted to let through another
figure.

  I saw a leather-brown face, contorted
and foam-spattered, with glaring black
eyes of a maniac. Long hair tossing
against the stars told me that I had to do
with a woman. But no qualms of chivalry
need have kept me from slugging her, for
she fought with the ferocity of a she-
panther.

  With a screech she flung herself on me.
Her hands, equipped with fanged claws,
lashed at my face. Long dirt-clogged nails
dug into my eyeballs. Horror-thrilled, I
recoiled from her fury. Such a face as
hers could have been whelped from no
mortal mother, only from womb of
witches and midnight hags.

  Some one tripped me with a kick from
behind and I was down. She caterwauled
and came flying knees first, medusa locks
streaming. I retched with nausea at the
smash in my vitals while she knelt there
ripping and scratching.

  She was killing me, tearing my face
into ribbons. Needled by pain, my hand
lashed out. It caught her in the front of
her dress, rending it to the waist and bear-
ing her withered brown breasts. I jolted
Arms of the Flame Goddess

27

another blow to her face as I got my
breath and lunged up to sitting. She
yowled like a rabid cat and drove her
thumbs into my eyeballs. All compunction
swept away now; I drove out a short jab
that took her flush on her scrawny throat.
She slumped onto hands and knees, gag-
ging, her larnyx shattered.

  Somewhere in the maelstrom that
seethed around me, Helen screamed. I
gathered myself for a leap back to my
feet, but the mob surged in and their clubs
beat me down again. I was crawling on
hands and knees while their whips found
me. Helen sobbed again and the sound of
that tortured wailing seemed to burst
something inside of me. God, I had to
get to my feet and go to her, before there
came another puff of that pink fire and her
body swung there, a blackened pendulum.

  But I couldn’t rise, they were too many
for me. I clenched my teeth through
bleeding lips and dug my fingers into the
ground as I clawed myself forward.

  Suddenly I stumbled over something
that impeded my progress. It was a
wooden box half filled with a greyish
powder. In frenzy I snatched it up and
whirled to throw its contents over my
shoulder into the faces and eyes of my
tormentors.

  It blinded them for an instant and as
they stumbled back, I attained my objec-
tive, the edge of the bonfire. Long heavy
sticks, only partially burned, projected
around its rim. I snatched up one of them
and with the thing in my hands I leaped
to my feet.

  Armed now, I rushed at them. With the
blazing end of the brand I belabored their
bodies and faces. And suddenly some-
thing took place which caused me to let
fall the stick and stand gaping in amaze-
ment.

TV7HERE sparks flew from the stick to
light upon the irregular patches in
which the powder had landed on the men

and adhered, there burst out those ex-
plosions of incredible heat.

  Some with faces half burned away,
others with cindered cavities where eyes
had been, still others wearing jagged
black shawls draped over their chests,
they shrank from me to throw themselves
on the ground and lie rolling and shriek-
ing in agony. The foul horrible smell of
burning flesh filled my nostrils, and a
fierce tumultous joy swept me. At last
my friends were being avenged. I left
them yammering there and stumbled
around to the stake from which Helen's
choked screams were coming.

  I didn’t wait to get out my knife. With
bare hands I wrenched at the cords that
pinioned her crossed wrists. They parted
and her limp figure came tumbling down
into my arms. I clutched her in the crook
of one arm and wheeled back to face the
pack. For I hadn’t disposed of all of them.
There were still enough of them left to
do their will on us. Teeth bared like an
ape, I gripped the end of my club and
stood waiting.

 They didn't come. And when my
blurred vision cleared so that I could see
again, I stared transfixed with amaze-
ment. For another battle was in progress
there now. A second group of men armed
with long flails had come dashing out of
the trees. They fell upon those of the tor-
turers whom I hadn’t disposed of and
were engaged in bashing their brains in
with their six-foot wagon stakes. The
leader of the new-comers was the white-
bearded boss of the Penitentes, Hans Lud-
lam ! And at his side, bellowing ven-
geance, stormed lawyer Emery Paave.

  A sound of sobbing brought my eyes
back to Helen. She hung limp in my
clasp. Her eyes lifted to meet mine, but
she didn’t recognize me. Through the
blood-flecked foam on her lips she was
moaning dull, toneless screams, over and
over and over. I groaned with agony
drawn from my own tortured soul. Fast
28

Dime Mystery Magazine

as I had tried to come, it hadn’t been
soon enough. The pain and terror had
been too much for her gentle mind. She
had gone mad.

  I was still holding her crushed to me,
kissing her poor twisted face and begging
her to speak, when feet sounded at my
side. The fight was over. Paave and
Ludlam paused an instant and then with-
out speaking strode forward to shaft the
light of a lantern into the face of the
woman I had hit in the throat and of the
man lying next to her, his face half oblit-
erated by the strange burning. The revela-
tion of their features didn’t tell me any-
thing new. For already I had divined that
they were Frank Leadbetter and his wife.

  “It was those two who was doing it,”
Paave's voice rumbled at last. “They was
the ones who have been collecting twenty
dollars for buttons from eferyone on pain
of hexing and death. They fixed up t’ings
to make it look like de Penitentes, so that
Ludlam would get the blame. I myself
thought he was doing it—till he came to
me an hour ago and asked for my help.
Their men with whips was all fakes.
Those men you saw in the woods the first
time was some of theirs. Ludlam and his
people never hurt anyone. They yust
whipped one another and minded their
own business. The Leadbetters did not
want you here because they knew that
sooner or later it would mean the end of
their business. They must have collected
thousands of dollars. They must have
been terrible rich.”

T STARED at him and even now that
I understood I was cold with the
horror of it all. What a racket! And one
possible only in a community whose mem-
bers believed so implicitly in the power of
witchcraft that they never questioned the
genuineness of the things that seemed to
be taking place.

  “And the girl who led the men into the
woods to their deaths?” I said at last.

  “She wass my little Ella, my niece who
keeps house for me,” the big Dutchman
groaned. “I did not know it, I had no sus-
picions. The Leadbetter woman got her
to do that, she must haf given her money
—and drugs. Many times I haf seen her
acting not herself and I haf wondered
what iss wrong. Those other girls that
you saw from the house, dancing, are
probably more that she used in the same
way.”

  “The men on whom the Leadbetters put
the sign of the dancing dolls—without the
victims knowing it, some of their men
must have got them to eat or drink some-
thing containing a drug that made them
insanely sex-hungry,” Ludlam went on as
Paave halted, overcome by grief. “And
then when the naked girls came, they
could not help themselves, the instinct was
too strong. They would follow them any-
where, even to death, believing all the time
that they had been bewitched !”

  “Leadbetter gave me a drink of whiskey
in your house, Paave,” I exclaimed. “That
was how he got me. And the first time,
back at the house, it was in the food.
When I thought that I saw the girls turn-
ing into flames, it was hallucinations
brought on by the drug.”

  “When the girl came to you, you could
not help from following her,” Ludlam
said. “But when you arrived at the place
where they were torturing your wife, you
came to your senses. The drug had not
been strong enough.”

The big man took a turn up and down.
“But what I do not yet understand,”
he muttered after a moment, “is how they
did it with the burning. How one could
be burned without any fire.”

  “I can explain that now,” I said. I re-
membered the box of grey powder which I
had hurled into the men’s faces and which
had later burst into flame. “There is a
certain chemical—thermite—which can be
ignited with a match and burns with a
terrifically hot fire, hot enough to melt
Arms of the Flame Goddess

29

iron. It is used for welding together
broken pieces of metal. If this thermite
were mixed with a little grease to make it
adhere, and the paste smeared over a per-
son’s body, it could be set going with just
a match and he would roast to a crisp in
five seconds.”

  Paave and Ludlam both stared at me,
open-mouthed.

  “Then that is the way it was done,”
came the deep voice of the bearded giant.
“In some way, Leadbetter, ignorant as he
was, learned of that chemical and got a
supply of it. Those men you saw in the
woods had already spread the body of the
self-flogging one with it before he started
whipping himself. During the few mo-
ments when he was out of your sight, they
set him on fire and then placed the circle
of paper dolls around his body. The man
who died in your house—”

  “Leadbetter did that himself!” I ex-
claimed. “He must have got Thornton up
stairs alone, knocked him senseless with a
club and then in only a few seconds,
spread the stuff over his head and touched
it off.”

 For another long moment nobody
spoke. Now that we knew the truth of
the horrors, it didn’t seem to make them
any less dreadful, rather more soul-sicken-

ing. And the sight of Helen’s nude body,
dribbling blood while those meaningless
noises rasped from her throat.

T PICKED her up in my arms and car-
-*• ried her out of there while the two big
men were tieing up the Leadbetters who
by this time had recovered consciousness.
Buggies were waiting in the highway at
the end of the wood road. Some one
brought blankets to wrap around Helen
and we started the twenty mile drive to
the nearest town where there was a doc-
tor.

  It was noon of the next day l)efore I
finally got her into a hospital. She was
there for two months before she knew me
again and they said it would be better for
her to go away somewhere with me.

  That was two years ago. There wasn’t
any oil on our property in Monmouth
Valley. I sold the timber right to a syn-
dicate and tried to forget it all. Little by
little, those memories are fading from
Helen, too. But when the flame of a
lighted match suddenly spurting in her
eyes sends her to fly shivering into my
arms, I know that she is seeing again the
form of Nathalie Thornton bursting into
red fire—and hearing the croon of whips
hissing against her naked skin.

THE END
CHAINS of DREAD DESIRE

fcy ROBERT HOWARD NORTON

Because his namesake had violated the laws of God and man, in a long-
dead century, John Bartlett had to die—betrayed by the girl who loved
him!

THE FOG was growing thicker,
dimming the rays of the headlights
into a sickly yellow that didn’t show
more than five feet of the muddy road
ahead of the car wheels. Spawned by
the river bottoms, the heavy grey vapor
coiled about us like the miasmic breath of
a monster from another world. My teeth
were pressed tightly together to keep them
from chattering. Then a spasm shook me
and I trembled so violently that the car
almost swung into the ditch that bordered
the road. By main strength I pulled it
back, glanced at Chloe who sat beside me.
She had not noticed. She was leaning
forward with a strange, intent look on her
lovely face. Her eyes were wide and
dark. Her nostrils flared slightly, as if
she were waiting for something to appear
out of the writhing mist and she didn’t
know what it might be.

30

  Don’t misunderstand me. It wasn’t
fear that made my palms slippery with
sweat, made my muscles jump uncontrol-
lably ... or was it? Sometimes you
can’t distinguish between cause and effect.
At least, I hadn’t felt anything like fear
when we left Boston two days before.
I had been gay, excited then, and Chloe
had been even more so. The trip down
to South Carolina was to be a fore-taste
of our honeymoon. She hadn’t been home
in over ten years. After her parents’ death
she had been sent up North by her uncle
and had stayed there. When we had writ-
ten to him, announcing our marriage
plans, and he had invited us to come
Chains of Dread Desire

31

down and stay at the old Duquesne home,
it had seemed like a wonderful idea. I
wanted a chance to meet this last remain-
ing relative of hers, see the place where
she had been born.

  Then, that morning, just coming into
South Carolina, this feeling had come over
me. A dull heaviness. A sense of fore-
boding. A cold chill would sweep over
me and I would have to knot my muscles
to keep from trembling. A touch of fever,
you say, bom of the damp, low lying land
through which we were driving? Per-
haps, but it was more like the sudden,
unaccountable prickling that contracts
your skin when you say you felt as if
someone had walked over your grave.

T SAID nothing to Chloe about the

  strange, leaden feeling in my heart.
Somehow she seemed to have changed
from the girl I had known in Boston. She
had lost her clipped, finishing school dic-
tion. Her speech had become soft and
slurring. She was sinking back into her
heritage of the deep South, making me
feel like an invader, an intruder.

   I glanced sideways at her. She was still
staring ahead as if she could see through
the fog wreathed darkness. Her nostrils
were distended as if she were filling her
lungs with the dank odor of rotting
vegetation. I knew we were close to her
old home. She had said it was only
twelve miles from the last town, yet
when she suddenly sat erect, put her
hand on my arm and said, “Wait!” I
started.

  It was she who pulled on the brake,
switched off the motor. Her eyes were
glowing queerly.

  “What ... ?” I began. Then I heard
it, a strange murmuring chant sounding
through the murk. I couldn’t get the
words but I didn’t need to. It was filled
with hopelessness and despair, yet it
seethed with an under-level of hate. It
was primitive, abysmal, yet I knew it was

a part of this land to which I was for-
eign.

  With a quick movement, Chloe pushed
open the door.

  “Wait there,” she called over her shoul-
der, then she had run across the road
and disappeared into the swirling dark-
ness. I continued to sit there for a split
second, open-mouthed. Where had she
gone? Why? With a curse, I threw
open my door, leaped out also.

  “Chloe!” I called. “Chloe!” No sound
but the low throbbing of the chant an-
swered me. I leaped the ditch beside the'
road, started to run stumbling through
the darkness. Tough grasses twisted
around my ankles. Branches slapped
damply across my face. The chant was
growing louder now. It swelled up to
a chorus of misery, then ceased, and in
the flat silence that followed I heard a
sound that brought me up short, heart
pounding. It was a faint, choked moan-
ing, and clank of heavy chains, the crack
of a whip.

  I stood there, waiting, listening, the
short hairs prickling up the back of my
neck. The dim, eerie glow of a lantern
appeared about forty feet ahead of me.
It was held by a man, a white man. I
could not see his face, a broad-brimmed
hat shadowed it, but his costume was that
worn three centuries ago!

  I gaped at the high leather jack-boots,
the long-tailed, brass-buttoned coat. In-
voluntarily I closed my eyes, tried to
steady my quivering nerves. When I
looked again, he was still there and plod-
ding slowly before him, silhouetted against
the faint glow of his lantern, flogged on-
ward by the whip in his hand, was a file
of black figures with chains linking their
necks together.

  I tried to move but I could not. Con-
victs, I told myself, a road gang . . .
yet I knew they weren’t. There were
women in that fetter-yoked column and
they don’t put women on chain gangs.
32

Dime Mystery Magazine

Besides, what trick of dim light and shift-
ing fog could make those figures seem to
glow with a faint phosphorescent radi-
ance? Those were slaves I saw being
led to the auction block by a beast in
human form . . . and there are no more
slaves in America!

  A curt order and the clanking, heavily
plodding shapes halted. Opposite the lan-
tern now was a young, slim negress.
She was naked except for a loin cloth.
I could see the profile of her small, erect
breasts; the burnished gleam of her cop-
pery thighs. The lantern lifted slightly,
illuminating her face, and I gasped. Call
me mad, but I tell you she looked like
Chloe!

/^HLOE’S skin is a warm ivory. That
^ of the almost nude girl was bronze.
Yet even with the wide metal collar
around her neck, the heavy chain linking
her to the shadowy shapes before and
behind her, she carried herself as Chloe

did.	There was the same tilt to her head,
the same half shy, half seductive twist
to her full lips. The man with the lantern
put out his hand, ran it slowly down
over the swell of her breasts. I still could
not see his face, but I could sense his lust
in the tenseness of his body. The girl
half turned, her body swayed toward
him, and then she was locked in his em-
brace.

  A faint stir rippled along the line of
chain-linked .blacks. Slowly, stealthily
they began to move. The two ends of the
line swung outward, then together so
that they had formed a circle with the
man and the girl in the center. One
end of the line dipped under the other,
continued to move outward, so that there
was now a loop in the center of the heavy
chain. It began to get smaller, drew
tighter. Then as she pulled her lips
away, dropped her head down, the lethal
links passed harmlessly over her, and
tightened crushingly around his neck!

  He screamed once, tried to pull away,
but with wild, animal laughter, the girl
held him. A score of black bodies bent,
lunged in opposite directions. The lan-
tern fell, went out. Then, as fog-laced
blackness blotted out that hellish scene
of primitive vengeance, as the man’s
screams died away into a choking, bub-
bling sound, I heard his bones crunching
under the constricting pressure of the
tightening chain!

  A moment longer I stood there, my
body cold with the sweat of terror, my
stomach churning. The girl’s shrill, tri-
umphant laughter still rang in my ears.
Then, almost unconsciously, I ran for-
ward.

  “Stop!” I screamed. “In God’s name
...” Water splashed around my feet.
There was a deep ditch between me and
those ghostly figures. I turned to the
right, ran along its bank. My feet struck
a plank. By the way it lay, it must
bridge the ditch. I ran across its swaying
length toward the spot where I had just
witnessed that soul-shaking scene. All
was silence. The only moving thing was
the curtain of the swamp born fog. Some-
how I knew that what I had seen was not
murder but retribution; that if ever a
man deserved to die it was that cadaverous
figure in mouldering antique garb. Yet I
could not help myself. He was white,
they were black and . . .

  Something hard and round rolled un-
der my foot. I went down on the clammy
clay. I sprawled full length for the space
of a heart beat, listening. Still nothing.
If those spectral figures had really been
there, if I had not imagined them, they
were gone now. With a trembling hand
I struck a match. A skull leered sight-
lessly at me from the muck. That had
been what I stumbled over. Beside it was
an ancient, crazily leaning tombstone.
By the feeble match glow I could make
out the almost obliterated name on it.

  It said . . . John Bartlett!
Chains of Dread Desire

33

  My scream was the despairing wail
of a lost soul. You see nothing terrible
in that? My name is John Bartlett.

TNSTINCT led me back to the plank,

  across it and up to the road. I did
not run. I plodded slowly, mechanically
like a man in a nightmare of doom. Chloe
was standing beside the car when I
reached it. She was so excited she did
not notice my condition.

  “That chant—it’s an old tribal one,”
she explained. “Only our field hands
sing it. When I heard it, I just had to
run out and see them.”

  Had she seen them? Had she seen
what I had? Had even I seen it actually
or was it the ghostly re-enactment of
some scene from the abysses of the past?
I did not know and I did not ask. What-
ever else might have been illusory, that
tombstone with my name on it had been
real. That and the sickening dread which
now filled my being. I might be feverish.
I probably was. But now I knew that I
could not attribute to fever alone the
terror that had gripped me as we drew
near to Chloe’s ancestral home.

  I started the car and under her direc-
tion went on down the road and turned
in at a driveway. I stopped when the
tall white pillars of the house appeared
in the watery glow of the headlights.
I got an impression of a huge, rambling
structure looming over us, lowering at
us with the sightless eyes of dark win-
dows. Then the door opened and three
figures stood there, silhouetted against
the lamplight from within.

  One was a white man. Chloe’s Uncle
Walter. He was tall, spare, dressed in
dark broadcloth. She got out of the car,
ran to embrace him. I got out more slow-
ly, looking at the two who stood behind
him. Chloe had told me about them.
They were the Negro servants, Stephen
the butler and Mammy Mallie, his wife.
They were no longer young but Stephen

carried his grizzled white head erect, his
huge body was still powerful and Mammy
Mallie’s shapeless body and lined black
face yet showed signs of an earlier beauty.

  I shook Walter Duquesne’s hand.

  “So this is John,” he said to Chloe.
His narrow, dark eyes searched my face
and I could also feel the impact of the
two Negroes’ stares. “I’m very happy to
meet you. I know you’ve had your sup-
per but we must have a drink together.”

  He gave instructions to Stephen about
taking care of our bags and Chloe and
I followed him into the house. It had a
dank, musty smell as if the sun never
penetrated the heavy drapes that covered
the windows. He led us into a large
room whose darkness the lamp he carried
could only partially lessen. I sat in a
moth-eaten chair while Chloe flitted about
the room examining this piece of furni-
ture, remembering that one. Then she
ran out into the hall and up the stairs
to look at our rooms, leaving me alone
with her uncle.

  I was sitting with every muscle locked
tight to keep the tremors that rippled
through my body from showing, yet I was
filled with a hopelessness that did not per-
mit me to stir from that dark and gloomy
house. He glanced at me curiously.

  “Aren’t you feeling well?”

  I had to bite my lips to keep from
screaming with mad laughter. Feeling
well after . . .

  “A bit chilled,” I managed to get out.
He came over, felt my head. His hand
felt hot, dry.

  “Hmm. Probably a touch of swamp
fever. I could give you some quinine but
it’s best not to take it at night. A drink’s
what you need. That and a good night’s
sleep.”

  I nodded, hardly listening to what he
said. A thousand questions were trem-
bling on my lips. Questions about what
I had seen, about the graveyard, about
the tombstone with my name on it. I
34

Dime Mystery Magazine

moistened my lips, then froze. Faintly
there came to my ears that throbbing
chant, that wailing hymn of despair and
hate that I had heard the spectral slave
shapes sing but a short time before.

  I must have blanched for Duquesne
gave me an odd look.

  “Nothing to be afraid of. Just the field
hands down in their quarters singing an
old slave song.”

  I glanced at my wristwatch. Eleven-
thirty. “At this hour?”

  He shrugged. “I’ve known Negroes
all my life and I still don’t pretend to
understand them.” He took a step toward
me. “They knew you were coming to-
night when I was sure you wouldn’t get
here till tomorrow. And Stephen has
told me other things about you that you
may not even know yourself.”

  “What . . . what things ” I didn’t
want to ask, the words slipped out of
their own accord.

  “You come of Boston stock, seafaring
folk.” I nodded. “Did you know that
one of your ancestors was a slaver?”

  A slaver? One of those who traded
in human flesh, captured blacks in Africa
and sold them here like cattle?

  “No,” I whispered. “No.” And yet
. . . there was a gap in our geneology.
There was a great-grandfather whose
name I did not even know.

  He nodded. “They say so. They even
know the name of his ship. I can’t re-
member it, but ...”

  “It was the Monadnocksaid a deep,
booming voice. I turned. It was Stephen,
the butler, who spoke. He set down a
tray with glasses and bottles on it.

  “How . . . how do you know ?” I asked
unsteadily.

  “My ancestors were brought over from
Guinea on it,” he said slowly. “They
were kings there. Here they became
slaves. But that was John Bartlett’s last
trip.”

66 JOHN . . . BARTLETT?” I re-
     peated thickly.

  “The slaver’s name was the same as
yours. It is said he died here. It is said
he is buried in the cemetery on the other
side of the compound. And it is said ...”

  “Stephen!” A voice hissed out of the
darkness of the hall. Slowly I swung
around. Mammy Mallie. I could just
make out her face, her eyes that were
filled with hate. Stephen bowed his griz-
zled head.

  “Good night,” he said softly to us and
followed his wife out into the darkness.

  John Bartlett . . . died here . . . Was
it possible that what I had seen, or thought
I had seen but a short time before, was
an atavistic memory, a warning or a
promise of . . . ?

  “Here,” said Duquesne. "You look as
if you could use this.”

  He handed me a stiff drink of Bour-
bon. My hands were shaking so that I
spilled some, but I gulped it down. I
could feel it spreading through my vitals,
but there was an icy lump in my chest
it could not reach.

  “Let me have another,” I rasped, hold-
ing out my glass.

  “And one for me,” said Chloe, coming
in from the hall.

  “Whiskey isn’t a lady’s drink,” said
her uncle reprovingly. He filled my glass
again, poured out some port for her.

  “Whiskey’s not for ladies ?” said Chloe
merrily. “Well, it’s never too late to
learn.”

  Her uncle looked at her strangely, then
at me.

  “Sometimes,” he said cryptically, “it
is.”

  I tossed off my glass, not listening to
his words, but afterwards . . .

  "By the way, uncle,” said Chloe, “how
has Stephen been lately?”

  I was starting to feel better with the
alcohol coursing through my veins.

  “What’s the matter with him ?” I asked.
Chains of Dread Desire

35

  “Well, when I was a child, sometimes
we thought that ...” She tapped her
head. “It was his daughter Louise. When
she was about sixteen she discovered she
was lighter than the other negroes. That
her hair and eyes were different. And

         99

  “She realized that she had white blood
in her,” finished Duquesne, “and she
committed suicide. Stephen took it hard.”
He shrugged. “It may have been dormant
in her parents’ veins for generations.
Perhaps,” his eyes had a peculiar look,
“since the time they were brought over
to this country. It happens more often
than you’d think, down here. A white
child cropping up in a black family . . .
or a black child in a white.”

  “I’ve heard,” said Chloe, “that you
can’t always tell. A girl looks white
and ...”

  “You can tell,” said her uncle, “if you
know where to look. Certain parts of the
body,” he glanced at the bosom of Chloe’s
dress, “and the nails. If the little half
moons at the base are dark, there’s negro
blood present.”

  Chloe held up her hands, laughing.
Her nails were covered with a bright
red polish.

  “You could never tell with me.”

  Her uncle shook his head sombrely.
“You’d better take that polish off. Down
here, anyone that paints their nails is
suspected of ... ” He left the sentence
unfinished.

T LAY alone in the darkness of the
strange room. . The bed was dank,
hard. The blankets seemed to give me
no warmth, only hold in the cold that
stabbed me to the marrow of my bones.
How much of the chill that gripped me
was fever, how much was the terror that
swept over me when Chloe had kissed
me good-night, gone to her own room,
I could not tell. God knows my terror
was no longer formless now. That spec-

tral scene in the graveyard ... it had a
basis in fact! That tombstone with my
name on it, or that of an ancestor. The
underlying hate in Stephen’s voice, in
Mammy Mallie’s glance. It had been my
great-grandfather who had brought their
ancestors here, made them slaves. And
now . . .

  I stiffened, listening. For the third
time that night, the eerie, wailing slave-
chant sounded through the darkness from
the field hands’ quarters. It swelled loud-
er, rising and falling in a slow, insistent
rhythm. Others might hear the despair
of a downtrodden people in it. I could
hear only the underlying menace. I con-
tinued to lie there for a moment, listen-
ing, then suddenly I realized what my
position was. I was lying on my back,
feet close together, hands crossed on my
chest . . . in a posture of a corpse laid out
in a coffin!

  With a choked cry that was half sob, I
leaped out of bed. My temples were
throbbing, my heart pounding, my limbs
wet with the poison dew of terror. I
could stand no more. If I stayed one
more hour in this gloomy house where
my every thought led toward death,
toward a heritage of hate and vengeance,
I would go mad. I had to get away, far
away.

  Barefoot, I ran across the room, opened
the door. The corridor outside was dark.
My hands fumbled along the dank walls,
feeling for the door to Chloe’s room. She
must come away with me, at once. My
fingers brushed the knob. I turned it,
opened the door and stumbled into her
room.

  A wan greyness that was neither light
nor darkness filtered through the win-
dows. By it I could make out the bed
. . . and it was empty. My throat cord-
ed, then I saw her. The slave-chant was
louder on this side of the house, throb-
bing with a soft, recurrent beat, and
standing next to the window, her whole
36

Dime Mystery Magazine

body jerking to its primitive rhythm,
was Chloe. She was clad only in a sheer
nightdress. Through the thin silk I
could see the twitching of the muscles
in her thighs, the sway of her hips. She
was breathing deeply, her breasts swelling
tight against the soft fabric. Her eyes
were half closed, her face intent.

  I went uncertainly toward her. “Chloe,”
I husked. “In God’s name . .

  She did not turn around. “I know,”
she whispered, “but I can’t help it. It
gets into my blood, calls to me like . .

  My groan of abject horror cut her
short. I was staring with wide eyes at
her bosom. One of her hands lay across
it. Under her fingers I could see her
young breasts . . . and their roundness
was circled by dark rings! But that was
not all. She had removed the polish
from her nails. They showed pink in
the ghostly light . . . all except the half
moons at their base. They were dark
brown too!

TTER eyes went down also and her
whole body seemed to turn to stone,
then with a sobbing cry she ran out of
the room and into the darkness of the
corridor. I continued to stand there, eyes
dilated, mouth open. The slave chant
from the field hands’ quarters was fading,
but sounding in my ears was Walter
Duquesne’s words. "... more often
than you’d think ... a black child in a
white family ... can tell if you know
where to look ... if the half moons at
the base of the nails are dark ...”

  Chloe had Negro blood in her! I had
sensed that she was somehow changing
on the drive down from Boston. Her
slurring speech, the way she had re-
sponded to the Negroes’ singing. It had
been like calling to like!

  I had loved her. We were to be mar-
ried. But now if we had children would
they be white or ... A tearing sob
racked me. I stumbled toward the door.

I must get away. I must . . . then I
halted again.

  Where had she gone ? When Stephen’s
daughter, Louise, had discovered that
she was neither white nor black, she had
taken her own life! Would Chloe . . . ?

  I started running madly down the hall.
I must find her. A door opened ahead
of me. A hand seized my arm. Her
uncle.

  “Where are you going?” he asked.
“What . . . ?”

  Babbling almost incoherently I told
him. I could feel his fingers tighten.

  “You can’t go out like that, barefoot,”
he said. “With your fever, you’ll be
dead by morning.” He ran down the hall
with me, fumbled in the darkness and
opened a cupboard. “Here, put these on.”
He handed me trousers, boots, a coat.
Hands shaking, I put them on. Somehow
I realized that he had known, that that
was what he had meant when he said,
“Sometimes we learn too late.”

  Then I was pounding down the stairs
and he was calling after me, “Get the
field hands up. I’ll join you there. We’ll
find her if ... ”

  Fog wreathed blackness outside. Si-
lence except for the moisture dripping
from the lush vegetation, the sucking
sound of the sodden ground under my
boot soles. The night air was cold on
my sweat damp body. My throat was
dry, parched. I stumbled into the narrow
path, ran down it. The field hands. Would
Chloe be in their quarters or would they
know where she had fled to? Blood call-
ing to dark blood. Had they sensed the
kinship? Was that why their chant had
affected her so strangely?

  In the darkness, the darker shapes of
their crude huts loomed up before me.
There was something gripped in my hand,
something Duquesne had thrust toward
me with the clothes. A stick? No, a
heavily loaded whip. Like a madman
I beat on doors, windows with it.
Chains of Dread Desire

37

  “Up!" I yelled. “Get up! Get up!”

  Faint sounds inside the huts, doors
opening cautiously, glow of candles hasti-
ly lit. White rimmed eyes peered out at
me, then there was a low moan.

  “Bwana!” murmured many voices.
“Bwana makuba!”

  Bwana makuba? That was African,
the Swahili dialect. It meant Master,
Great Master. I looked down and then
it seemed as if a skeleton hand had
clutched my heart, crushed it in a bony
grip. I was wearing the jackboots, the
long skirted coat that the spectral shape
of my ancestor had worn in the graveyard
earlier that evening! His blood in my
veins, his whip in my hand, his clothes
on my back, his name my name, I was he
reborn!

nHHERE was a faint hissing sound from
the Negroes. A sound no longer of
superstitious dread, but of primitive and
abysmal hate. A John Bartlett had made
them slaves. A John Bartlett stood before
them now.

  My muscles were jerking uncontrol-
lably. My breath held till it seared my
lungs. Slowly I started to back away from
those glaring eyes. Then I turned and
ran.

  I did not know where I was fleeing. I
only knew I had to get away. The night
reeled past me. John Bartlett, dead three
hundred years. John Bartlett, about to

die.	Hate that had lived for centuries.
The cry of vengeance from the grave. My
brain was seething in my skull. All feel-
ing of being, all consciousness of person-
ality streamed out with my sobbing breath.

  I stumbled over something square and
hard, sank to one knee. Then a shrill,
maniacal laugh bubbled from my lips. I
was back in the cemetery! I was back
at the grave of my ancestor, back at the
tombstone that bore my name!

  I knelt there in the clammy clay, the
charnel odor of death and decay in my

nostrils, my whole body shaking with
mad, hopeless merriment. The mist
swirled around me, enveloping me in
ghostly coils. It seemed to grow thicker,
then a figure materialized out of it. Chloe.
The lunatic laughter died on my lips. I
stared at her.

  She was still clad only in her sheer
nightdress. The dampness made it cling
to the swelling curves of her body. Her
dark hair was disheveled, her eyes glow-
ing with a wild light and there was a
strange smile on her lips. Somehow all
the veneer had cracked away. She had
slipped back a thousand years. She
was completely pagan, animal. Her lips
swayed as she moved toward me, ex-
tended her arms.

  “John,” she murmured softly, caressing-
ly. I could not move, but my heart was
beginning to thud quicker, my blood to
pour hot through my veins. She came
closer. I could fell the warmth of her
body, the soft pressure of her thinly cov-
ered breasts against my chest.

   “I . . . I’ve wanted you for so long,” she
whispered. “I was willing to wait until
after we were married. But now that I
know, there’ll be no marriage. So, take
me now!” Her lithely curving body
surged forward against me.

  Almost unconsciously my arms went
around her, crushing her to me. My lips
sought hers, fastened there as if to draw
out her very soul. Her hips swayed in,
welding themselves to my flesh. Her pas-
sionate abandon blotted out all else for
me. There was only the yielding firm-
ness of her body, her desire whipping mine
on to animal excesses. I bent her back-
wards . . . then froze that way, soul shak-
ing terror congealing the blood in my
veins.

  Under the sound of her hoarse pant-
ing I could hear the soft jangling of heavy
chains, of slave chains! I lifted my head,
looked wildly around. Black, shackle-yoked
figures surrounded us. Hate-filled eyes
38

Dime Mystery Magazine

glared at me. Already there was a loop
in the chain that linked the black shapes
together and it was starting to tighten !

  With a hoarse scream I tried to flee, but
could not. Chloe was holding me! She
twisted her legs about mine, clamped my
arms to my side and in her eyes was hate
as black as that in the eyes of the negroes.
Good God! She was one of them! Their
vengeance was hers! She had come to this
place of death to seduce me with her body,
hold me till they could exact the same
blood expiation from me as was exacted
from my ancestor who had enslaved them!

  With a cry of triumph, Chloe bent her
head. The heavy loop of chain brushed
harmlessly over her dark hair, coiled
around my neck. And still she held me!
She wanted to hold my body close while
it writhed in agony, feel my hot blood
spurt over her. The cold links tightened,
dug into my straining flesh. I could no
longer breathe. My mouth gaped open, my
eyes bulged. Vaguely I could make out a
huge shape that looked like Stephen, an-
other figure near him in a broad brimmed
black hat. The first John Bartlett waiting
for me to join him?

  Blood welled up in my mouth. I could
feel my windpipe giving, my lungs beating
like wings of fire then ....

  “Stop!” screamed a voice. I could not
see her, but dimly I knew it was Mammy
Mallie. “You fool, Stephen. It’s not his
fault that Louise is dead.” She waddled
forward out of the darkness, “it’s his!” and
her finger stabbed at the lean figure in the
broad brimmed black hat. “Walter
Duquesne!”

  “Damn you!” he snarled. “I’ll....”

  “He was Louise’s father, not you!”
Mammy went on inexorably. “It was his
white blood that made her take her own
life! He is her murderer!”

  The sound that came from Stephen’s
throat was more animal than human,
There was a jerk that pulled me off my
feet, then the chain loosened around my

neck and the air I gulped seemed to sear
my lungs. It sickened me, made the world
reel, but even as I fell forward I saw Step-
hen, eyes blazing, raise a length of chain
like a ponderous flail and bring it down on
Duquesne’s head. I heard his skull crush
like an eggshell, then darkness over-
whelmed me.

/^OOL hands on my forehead, the mur-
^ mur of soft voices. Slowly I opened
my eyes. I was lying in bed. I blinked,
looked around. With the sunlight stream-
ing in the windows I hardly recognized
my room in the Dur|iiesne house. Stand-
ing next to the bed were Chloe and
Mammy Mallie. They both looked care-
worn, exhausted. I blinked again,
dazedly.

  “What . . . ?”

  “You had a bad touch of swamp fever,”
said Chloe hesitantly. “We brought you in
here from the cemetery and . . .”

  The look of horror on my face stopped
her. I remembered now. The cemetery.
She holding me while . . . Mammy Mallie
pushed her aside, glowering down at me.

  “You pore white trash,” she raged,
“how dare you even think mah Chloe got
black blood in her ? This yere’s what make
her do it,” and she handed me a small box
with a white powder in it.

  “Do what ?” I asked dully.

  “Act so crazy. Her uncle he put that
in the wine he give her.”

  I looked at the lettering on the box.
Nembutal, it said. My pulses leaped.

  “Nembutal. I remember,” I said ex-
citedly. “It's a new drug they’re just ex-
perimenting with. It slows up the heart
action. That would make the venous
blood collect in the capillaries, especially
in the extremities like the finger tips. It
would turn them and most of the body
darker. That was what . . . Oh, darling,
can you forgive me for believing . . .”

  “I believed it also,” she said quietly.
“Uncle Walter wanted me to. When I
Chains of Dread Desire

39

ran out of my room, he was waiting for
me. He took me into his room and talked
to me. I was still there when you came
after me and he gave you those clothes,
sent you down to the field hands' quarters.
I felt queer and somehow everything he
said sounded reasonable.”

  I nodded. “That’s another action of
nembutal. It makes the subject very sug-
gestible, easy to influence. But you mean
to say your uncle was behind all this?”
“Yes,” she answered. “With Mammy’s
help I pieced the whole thing together.
When she was young and attractive, Uncle
Walter forced her to become his mistress.
When she discovered she was about to
have a child, she married Stephen.
Stephen thought the child was his and
later, when the child, Louise, discovered
she was part white and committed suicide,
Stephen became a little touched. Then
Uncle Walter heard we were coming down
here. Counting on the fact that if you were
of New England stock, you’d have sea-
faring folk among your ancestors, he told
Stephen that completely fabricated story
about how your great-grandfather had
brought his people over from Africa.
Stephen believed him, believed it was your
fictitious ancestor’s blood that had cropped
out in Louise, and that therefore you, in a
sense, were responsible for her death.”
“And what Stephen believed, he could
make the more ignorant field hands be-
lieve, eh ?” I exclaimed. “Then the tomb-

stone, the scene at the cemetery were all
arranged for my benefit ?”

  “Yes. I didn’t see it. I went to the field
hands’ quarters when I got out of the car.”
“I think I understand everything now,”
I said, “except why he should do it.”
“I’ve been looking at the account books
and I know the explanation for that too,”
said Chloe. “The estate here is mine. He
was just running it for me. He used to
send accountings to me of the cotton he
sold on the open market, but actually he
was selling more than half the crop to a
textile mill near here and pocketing the
money. If I married you, you would
probably discover his deception. But if
you thought I was partly black, if you
were frightened away . .

  “I see.” I said meditatively. Then a
thought struck me. “What about
Stephen ?”

  Mammy Mallie’s dark face twitched.
“He kill Massa Duquesne. He don’ wanta
rot in jail. He rather die his own way.
He went off into the swamp, and he never
cornin’ back." Her eyes brimmed with
tears. “Now I’se all alone. Got no chick
nor child left.”

  I was holding Chloe close to me, but I
disengaged one hand long enough to grasp
Mammy Mallie’s gnarled fingers.

  “You have us. Mammy Mallie,” I said
softly. “Wherever we go, you’ll go. And
as to a child ...” I looked at Chloe. She
flushed and snuggled closer to me.

eAsCccu)

vxdouz . . .

MANUFACTURED AT SMALLES-T PROFIT /

CfifAA* O rtf£A4 Ait

/VOW
EXPRESS TO
HELL!

ty
JULIUS
LONG

It was the insanely impossible plan hatched out of a mad genius’
thirst for revenge—but the gods must have applauded when it resulted
in a train-wreck—on the high seas!

THE four men groped cautiously
through the fog, guided only by
the faint lights of the yacht which
lay alongside the pier. From time to
time they stumbled as their shoes caught
in railroad tracks set in the planking.

  “As if we didn’t have enough trou-
ble!” muttered Benson, a frail little man
who trailed behind the others. “A two-
hundred-thousand-dollar train wreck, all
the newspapers and politicians on our
necks, and now we have to waste time
with a lunatic!”

  Denmead, whose stocky figure led the
group, snarled impatiently:

  “Maybe you think I like it! Enden
may be a lunatic, but he also happens to
40

be an important stockholder that we can’t
afford to antagonize at this time. So
stop your whining!”

  Benson continued to mutter, but For-
sythe and Coleman, who trudged ahead
of him, remained silent. Directors in the
railroad line of which Denmead was
president, they were uneasy. The recent
catastrophe, with its attendant publicity,
had made them jittery, and they were
suspicious of the multi-millionaire eccen-
tric’s motive for asking them to come
aboard his yacht.

  Resignedly the four men approached
the yacht, started as a figure stirred in
the shadows.

  “Mr. Denmead and party?” a voice
Express to Hell!

41

asked. The tones were soft and low.

  Denmead, unaccustomed to answering
questions, demanded tersely:

  "Are you the captain of the Sibyl?”
The man’s smile was barely percep-
tible in the fog.

  “No, sir. I am Steward Roberts.”
Satisfied as to the identity of the four
men, he trained a hand flash on the gang-
plank. Denmead ascended, and, like
sheep, the others followed. As they
reached the deck, Benson halted fear-
fully, timidly asked:

  “Enden doesn’t mean to leave the pier,
does he ?”

  “Of course not!” Denmead cut him
short. “I give him credit for having
more brains than to sail in this fog!”
He turned to the steward. “Where’s
Enden?”

  “Below, sir. Please follow me.”

  The steward led the four men to a
companionway to starboard. There he
halted.

  “You will find Mr. Enden below, sir.”
Denmead peered down the dimly light-
ed companionway and shot an uneasy
glance at the steward. Then he boldly
descended, and the others followed. At
the foot of the steps they stopped short
in astonishment.

  They stood on a railroad platform. Be-
side the platform was a Pullman car. It
was Enden’s private car, the Sibyl. Like
the yacht, it was named after his wife.

A WED by the incongruity of an eighty-
ton Pullman car within the hull of a
yacht, the four men regarded it dumbly.
As the platform was level with the car’s
floor and flush with its side, it was im-
possible to tell whether it rested on its
trucks or had been blocked up. What-
ever the case, the spectacle was sufficient-
ly fantastic to appall these men. It was
Denmead who expressed their thoughts.

  “Who but Enden,” he asked, “could be
responsible for this? I’ve always thought

him mad! Now I’m sure he’s crazy!”
  “Good evening, gentlemen.”

 The four men whirled. Enden ap-
proached them from the car’s entrance.
They immediately noticed a change in
both his appearance and his manner.

  A powerful man, well over six feet and
proportionately broad of shoulder, he had
never possessed the demeanor of a big
man. A child-like dreaminess in his
eyes had betrayed an indifference to ac-
tuality that others had been quick to take
advantage of. That dreaminess was gone
from his eyes now. It had been replaced
by a colorless stare that was hard and
unyielding. As Enden came close, even
Denmead made a movement that was
very close to a wince. Certain his re-
mark had been overheard, he said quick-
ly:

  “A most unusual thing you have here!
But, as I was just saying, it’s beyond
me. What is the idea, anyway?”

  Enden’s brittle stare did not alter.

  “If you will come aboard, I will try to
satisfy your curiosity.”

  Turning on his heel, he walked to the
car’s entrance. His guests hesitated,
then followed. Enden led them into a
Pullman drawing room.

  Their gaze was arrested by an oil por-
trait hung in the blank center section of
one wall. Its subject was Enden’s wife.
It was impossible for anyone immedi-
ately to remove his gaze from the blonde
beauty of Sibyl Enden. Every stroke of
the painter’s brush had caught the lucid
simplicity of her soul, testified to the
artist’s keen appreciation of her charm.

 “Is Mrs. Enden aboard?” Coleman
asked hopefully.

  Enden did not regard him as he an-
swered : “No.”

  Drawing their eyes reluctantly from
the portrait, the men noticed another de-
tail of the car’s interior. The thick panes
of glass in the windows were translucent,
but not transparent. It was impossible to
42

Dime Mystery Magazine

see out. The thick glass panes mocked
them.

  Denmead turned concernedly, ad-
dressed Enden.

  “What’s the idea of the thick—”

  His words were shaken back into his
throat by a violent jerk of the car. The
others maintained their balance with diffi-
culty, listened to the clatter of couplings.

  “What—what happened ?” demanded
Benson.

  “The car’s been coupled!” Forsythe
cried excitedly. “That’s what’s hap-
pened!” He turned to Enden. “We’re
being shunted out of the yacht, aren’t
we ?”

  “No,” Enden told him. “The car is
not leaving the yacht.”

  But its next movement belied his as-
surance. Slowly, in rhythmic jerks, it
seemed to move aft. Listening closely,
the railroad men heard the muffled chug-
ging of a light yard engine, the click of
wheels over rail joints. All eyes shifted
to the windows, but, as they afforded no
vision, the gaze of each director turned
to Enden. Denmead, almost angrily, ex-
claimed :

  “Dammit, Enden, you can't fool me!
We’ve been shunted out onto the pier
tracks. Listen . . .”

  The occupants of the car felt the jar-
ring of wheels over switch frogs. Den-
mead eyed Enden triumphantly.

  “Did you think you could fool an old
railroader like me?”

  Enden’s smile was mocking.

  “I had hardly hoped to, but it is grati-
fying to know that I have. For we are
not, as you seem so sure, on a pier track.
As a matter of fact, we are not even on
rails.”

T ISTENING to the metallic rumble of
the trucks beneath, the four men ex-
changed incredulous glances.

  “The car’s wheels rest on rollers,” En-
den explained. “The rollers are powered
by electric motors.”

  “That’s absurd!” Denmead scoffed.
“Do you think I don’t recognize the
sound of wheels passing over rail joints
and switch frogs? And I distinctly hear
the chugging of a locomotive!”

  Enden seemed gratified.

  “The clicking that you mistake for that
caused by rail joints is caused by slots
which appear in the rollers at every thir-
tieth turn. At more infrequent and less
regular intervals, larger slots reproduce
the clatter of switch and crossing frogs.
As for the chugging of the locomotive,
that is merely a sound effect supplied by
a phonograph record.”

  Denmead was still unconvinced.
“There’s one way to find out,” he said.
He strode from the drawing room and
walked to the rear of the car. The oth-
ers followed. A moment later they re-
turned to the room. They wore an al-
most comical look of awe.

  “Now that you are convinced,” said
Enden, “that you are aboard my yacht,
won’t you be seated?”

  A little dazedly the four men occupied
lounging chairs. Enden pressed a but-
ton, and a Negro porter appeared with
cigarettes. They were eagerly accepted,
and the smokers, settling back in their
chairs, tried to feel at ease.

  They failed. It was difficult to believe
themselves aboard a yacht, absurd to feel
that they were passengers in a private
car.

  “It’s amazing!” exclaimed Denmead.
“Even now, I'd swear we were moving!
I can’t understand how I could be so
easily fooled.”

  “I think I can,” Coleman mused aloud.
"I've been fooled before. Haven’t you
ever been on a train that seemed to be
pulling out of the depot, leaving an idle
train on an adjacent track. Suddenly,
when the other train is gone, you dis-
cover that it’s your own train that's left
standing in the depot.”

  “Mr. Coleman understands the psy-
Express to Hell!

43

chology perfectly,” Enden said. “It was
an experience such as he has described
that gave me my idea.”

  “You haven’t yet explained,” Den-
mead pointed out, “what your idea is.”
Enden seemed astonished.

  “I thought you would guess. The fact
that I have gone to such lengths to dupli-
cate travel by rail aboard my yacht would
indicate that I do not enjoy travel by
sea.

  “However, yachting was one of my
wife’s pleasures. The installation of my
private car in the Sibyl was my challenge
to the dilemma. My wife enjoyed her
yachting, and, by dwelling in aboard
my car, listening to its wheels as they
turned at a speed of seventy miles an
hour instead of a few paltry knots, I
managed to eliminate the appaling ennui
of travel by sea.”

  The wheels of the Pullman slowed,
ceased to turn. Enden’s guests sat very
quietly, trying not to reveal their
thoughts. That Enden was an eccentric
they had always known. Now their per-
fectly normal, altogether conventional
minds drew inevitably to the same con-
clusion. They were the guests of a mad-
man.

  As the car’s wheels began to turn
again, they became increasingly distrust-
ful of their host’s unpredictable ingen-
uity. Each wished to end the visit as
soon as possible.

  “I'm glad you asked us to come here,”
said Denmead, with a suave air of final-
ity. “I’m grateful for a chance to see
your most unusual—”

  “Thank you,” Enden cut him short,
“but I did not invite you here to demon-
strate my artificial travel by rail. I had
another reason—the Southern Express.”
The eyes of the four men widened.
The Southern Express was the train that
had been wrecked a few days before. Its
first section had been disabled in the path
of the second, which had traveled only

a few hundred yards behind. Unable to
stop, the trailing locomotive had tele-
scoped the observation car, killing nine
persons, mutilating one beyond recogni-
tion.

  “I think I understand your interest,”
said Denmead. “You’ve been unduly dis-
turbed by the fuss the newspapers have
made. Let me assure you that the acci-
dent will not affect the value of your
stock. The Southern Express is again
running on schedule, and the whole affair
will soon blow over. The public will
forget.”

tGYT'OUR assurance is very comfort-
ing,” said Enden coolly. “It in-
dicates that you have a clear conscience
with respect to the tragedy. The news-
papers have placed the blame rather
squarely on your shoulders, have they
not?”

  Denmead shrugged.

  “My conscience is clear, and I’m sure
the directors feel the same way.” He
looked to them, and they nodded.

  “Then the allegations of the newspa-
pers are untrue ? I mean the charge that
the first section of the Southern Express
was disabled because its locomotive was
obsolete and taxed beyond its limit. And
the charge that the road’s safety equip-
ment is so inadequate that it is not safe
to run trains in two sections. It was
pointed out that there are many places
on the line where the visibility is so bad
that if anything happened to the leading
section, the trailing section could not pos-
sibly stop.”

  Denmead squirmed uncomfortably.
“Look here, Enden, we’re among our-
selves, and there’s no use beating around
the bush. As president and directors of
the road, it’s our duty to protect our
stockholders. They come first. We
couldn’t pay dividends if we threw away
a lot of money on new-fangled equip-
ment.”
44

Dime Mystery Magazine

  “Then,” said Enden, a trifle pale, “the
charges of the press are true?”

  Denmead shrugged.

  “Our consciences are clear. We’ve
paid off every claim. No one has any
legal cause of action against us.”

  “One of the victims was unidentified,”
Enden pointed out. “A woman, the
newspapers said, though she was so hor-
ribly mangled that one physician refused
to commit himself. What about her?”
Denmead threw up his hands.

  “We’ve done everything in our power
to identify her, but there hasn’t been a
clue. Nobody has reported a missing
person. We’ll probably never know who
she was.”

  “On the contrary,” said Enden, “you
will.”

  Denmead arched his brows.

  “You mean you—you—”

  “Yes,” said Enden steadily, “she was
my wife.”

  The four men sat frozen. Denmead
uttered a strangled exclamation, managed
to ask:

  “But—but are you sure?”

  “There can be no doubt,” Enden an-
swered hollowly. “I bade her goodbye
at the station, saw her enter the observa-
tion car that was telescoped a half-hour
later.”

  The four men sat wordless. There
was nothing they could say. Too much
talking had been done already. Slowly,
irresistibly, their eyes were drawn to the
portrait of Sibyl Enden. An unutterable
feeling of abject, self-revulsion pervaded
to the marrow of their bones, made them
shrink within their clothes. But this
emotion gave way to one of increasing
apprehension as they felt Enden’s cold
eyes upon them. A suspicion, a fearful
foreboding, found a foothold on their con-
science-stricken minds.

  The car’s wheels turned at a high
speed now, creating a metallic rumble
punctuated by clicks that might have

been made by rail joints and switch frogs.
The continuous motion of the wheels
combined with the swaying and bumping
of the car, had dinned so persistently
into the consciousness of the four men
that they could no longer shake off the
feeling that they rode upon rails.

  Benson, unable to suppress his fears,
jumped to his feet, cried hysterically:
“We’re no longer in the yacht! We’re—”
“Nonsense!” Denmead cut him off.
Trying to reassure himself as much as
the others, he commented: “I can be
fooled once, but not twice. We’re still
in the yacht beside the pier.”

  “No,” said Enden casually, “we are
not.”

  The four men started, drilled him with
their eyes.

  “Where—where are we, then?”

  “The Sibyl is moving out into the bay.”
  Denmead leaped to his feet.

  “What! In this fog? You mad fool!
We might be rammed! I demand that
you order the captain to put back at
once!”

NDEN laughed in his face.

  “It is you who talk of safety
now!”

  Denmead tried to speak calmly.
“Where are we bound for? Why are
we—”

  A deafening clatter interrupted him.
It was a familiar clatter, the “thwack”
made by the crack of the air as two
speeding trains meet and pass on parallel
tracks. It continued many seconds, then
ended as suddenly as it had begun. Only
the steady rumble of the Pullman’s trucks
remained.

  Enden asked mockingly:

  “The sound effects are realistic, don't
you think?”

  No one answered. Each wondered if
it was possible to duplicate that familiar
clatter so realistically. Coleman sudden-
ly exclaimed:
Express to Hell!

45

  “We can't be afloat! I know we can’t!
I get sea-sick the minute a boat leaves
the pier. I always do!

  “I consider that a compliment to my
ingenuity,” Enden told him. “I have
often wondered if my artificial train ride
would fool a poor sailor.”

  But Coleman, now grown pale, was
insistent.

  “I tell you, Denmead, we can’t be at
sea! I know!”

  For the first time in his life, the rail-
road president looked at the director as
if he respected his opinion.

  “We can very soon find out,” he said,
and he walked across the room. But the
drawing room door refused to yield. Den-
mead twisted its knob, shook it. The
door did not budge. It was locked.

  The others stared helplessly as Den-
mead, his face red from the exertion,
turned and faced them.

  “Try the other door, you fools!”

  They obeyed. It required only a mo-
ment to discover that the other door, too,
was locked. All eyes were focused on
Enden. Denmead hoarsely demanded :
“Dammit, Enden, what’s your game?
Why are these doors locked?”

  “Because,” Enden told him, with a cold
stare, “I want to watch four guilty con-
sciences at close quarters.”

  Denmead returned his stare a moment,
then had an idea. Moving to a window,
he attempted to lift it.

  “It’s no use trying that,” said Enden.

“The windows are fixed in place.”

  Ignoring him, Denmead lifted with all
his middle-aged might. The window
stayed fast. The directors tried the other
windows, finally gave up.

  Benson began to whimper.

  “I told you we shouldn't have come
here ! We’ll all be—”

  Denmead snarled him down.

  “Shut up, you fool! That's what En-
den wants to see us do. He wants us to
grovel.” He turned, addressed Enden
with his old-time executive manner. “If
you don't unlock these doors and let us
out of this car, we’ll break them down!”
“In that case,” said Enden coolly, “you
will find that you have underestimated
the thickness of their steel panels.”

T^ENMEAD’S reaction was to seize a
^ chair. But it was immovable. Try-
ing one piece of furniture after another,
the men discovered that everything in the
room had been securely fastened. There
was no object that might be used to bat-
ter the solid doors or the thick panes of
glass in the windows.

  Benson grasped at a straw. He pressed
the button that had brought the porter.

  “There is no porter on this car,” En-
der told him. “We are quite alone.”
Benson continued hopefully to press
the button, but there was no response.
At last he gave up, turned helplessly to
the others. They listened to the long
blast of a whistle up ahead.
46

Dime Mystery Magazine

  “You gentlemen are being absurd,”
Enden told them. “I can’t help feeling
flattered that you have been so thorough-
ly deceived, but I’m sorry to find you so
distrustful. Upon my word of honor, we
are still aboard my yacht. By this time,
we must be well out into the bay.”

  A remote clatter seemed to mock his
statement. The clatter drew rapidly
closer, and the car jarred as both trucks,
in quick succession, rattled over two dis-
tinct sets of crossing frogs.

  “The B & O tracks!” Coleman ex-
claimed. “It’s the only double-track
cross-over within miles! That’s what the
whistle signaled for!”

  The others said nothing. They listened
to the long blast of another whistle, which
seemed to sound from farther away and
from behind.

  “See!” Coleman cried, “there’s another
train following us! It’s whistled for the
cross-over!”

  Denmead uttered an exclamation,
reached for his watch. He studied it
carefully, then, very pale, faced Enden.

  “I understand now," he said, with a
voice unlike his own. “You’ve had this
car coupled to the Southern Express!”
Instantly the others consulted their
own watches, saw that the time checked
perfectly. Aghast, they realized the sig-
nificance of the whistle that had sounded
at the rear. They were coupled to the
first section; the second section of the
Southern Express followed behind!

  Looking into the four frightened faces,
Enden laughed.

  “Your imagination is running away
with you,” he said. “Why would I couple
this car to the Southern Express?”

  “The devil only knows!” said Den-
mead.

  But the others were beginning to guess.
Convinced that they were trapped in a
speeding car by a madman bent on a
terrible revenge, they slowly grasped the
outline of a diabolical plot.

  “Don’t you see what he’s going to do?”
Coleman demanded of Denmead. “He’s
going to make us die the same death his
wife died! Something’s going to hap-
pen to the train, and it will stop in front
of the second section!”

  Struggling to control his voice, the
executive turned to Enden.

  “Tell us the truth! Why have you
locked us in this car?”

  Enden laughed.

  “You refuse to believe the truth! Why
should I waste my breath telling you
again that you are in a yacht at sea where
I can watch your wormy, shriveled con-
sciences writhe in a hell of their own
making?”

nHHE four men stared silently. They
were aware that the rumble of the
car's trucks had lessened. It seemed that
the train had slowed, and a moment later
they understood why. A hollow sound
reached their ears, endured for several
seconds. Then the rumble of the trucks
sounded as before, and it seemed the
train had picked up speed again.

  “Spring Creek Trestle!” Forsythe
breathed.

  Familiar with the road and all its land-
marks. the four men were now convinced
beyond the shadow of a doubt. Enden
had lied to them, trapped them in this car
to meet a horrible death. Why, that had
been its very purpose in the yacht! What
fools they had been to believe his cock-
and-bull story in explanation of its in-
stallation there!

  Exchanging expressive glances, the
men reached a common understanding.
It was necessary to act at once. They
must free themselves from this car, for
death might come at any second.

  “If you don’t unlock the doors,” Den-
mead told Enden firmly, “we’ll take the
keys from you.”

  “But I don’t have the keys,” said En-
den, “and you couldn’t take them from
Express to Hell!

47

me if I did !”

  Whether the four middle-aged execu-
tives could have overpowered Enden was
a matter never to be decided.

  Suddenly, without warning, the shock
came. The passengers of the car went
sprawling as it jerked to a violent halt.
Air brakes hissed as its wheels came to
a dead stop. Groping dazedly to their
feet, its occupants rubbed their bruises.
Enden’s four guests stared dumbly at one
another, overwhelmed by the eerie un-
reality of the sudden quiet. The quiet
ended as a train whistle sounded very
close, and drew even closer, as it con-
tinued to blast frantically.

  The passengers in the doomed car re-
acted variously. Benson knelt to his
knees and commenced to pray. Forsythe
rushed to a window, tried to break its
glass with his fists, which he beat to pulp.
Denmead hurled his stocky figure against
one of the steel doors, battered it again

and again with futile effort.

  The plight of Coleman was most pa-
thetic. He became sea-sick. Sea-sick be-
lieving that he was about to die in a
train wreck!

  Enden alone remained calm.

  His laughter sounded above the blast
of the locomotive whistle and the screech
of sliding wheels on steel. But it was
drowned in the rending crash of crum-
bling metal as a terriffic impact split the
car wide open, ground its passengers into
meat.

  Enden, who lay a mangled mass in the
wreckage, regained consciousness for a
split-second of confused, uncomprehend-
ing wonder, remembered dazedly the
screech of wheels and the whistle’s blast,
then lapsed into oblivion sharing the de-
lusion of his victims.

  The gods of irony must have chuckled.

  The yacht, Sibyl, had been rammed in
the fog.

THRILLS!
CHILLS!

 If you like DIME
 MYSTERY and are
 looking for more
 tales of wierd, bi-
 zarre menace — ask
 your newsdealer for
 the current issue of TERROR TALES!
 Every page is packed with spine-tingling
 chills. It will make your heart beat faster
 and your blood run cold.

 All your favorite authors do their part to
 make this magazine a masterpiece of mys-
 tery. Fred. C. Davis, Arthur Leo Zagat,
 Ray Cummings, Wayne Rogers, Henry T.
 Sperry, and many others!

Buy Now! And Get Yonr Share of Thrills!

I was certain at
that moment that
the rotting eyes
of the ghastly
severed head on
the table turned
over in their
sockets so that they stared at Mar-
garet—focused on her panting heav-
ing breasts — and the putrid lips
stretched in an evil lascivious grim-
ace. . . .

That’s just a part of the wierdly
thrilling feature length novel by J. 0.
Quinliven

DANCE OF THE BLOOD
DRINKERS

DINB

MYSTERY

m MACAZIM

In This Issue of Dime Mystery! Buy Now!
I AM THE BEAST!

CHAPTER ONE

Voice Of Horror

I CANNOT help it if I am big and mis-
shapen and look more like some hulk-
ing grizzly than a man. Neither am I
to blame if I have a menacing, almost
brute-like, expression. Part of this is due
to a facial wound from the war, part to
the terrible experiences I had then that for
a time shattered my nervous system. Only
by the skill of the brilliant psychologist,

I can not help being huge and mis-
shapen. But perhaps I could
have withstood the thing
which turned me into a mur-
derous beast — the thing
came to me in the guise of
a beautiful woman with
white, naked arms out-
stretched. . .

48
ky GENE GARY	A Mystery-Terror Novelette of Many

                                  ' Eerie Thrills

Dr. Hansen, was I restored to normal.
Patiently, skilfully, with infinite kindness,
he took my wrecked personality—like so
much broken clay in his hands—and by a
long course of psychological suggestion re-
moulded it to its former outlines. Dr. Han-

sen could heal my nerves, but he could
not restore my appearance. Ominous and
brutal I will always look—with tremend-
ous physical strength, given me as by na-
ture’s caprice to compensate me for my ap-
pearance. My friends say I have the kindest
heart in the world, and Amy says I have
a nature as innocent and easily led as a
child’s. But Amy loves me—and love is
sometimes blind. She had never guessed

49
50

Dime Mystery Magazine

at the monstrous and hellish appetites lurk-
ing within me—no one had—until that
horrible night....

  I had come down to the Sheridan coun-
try place for a house-party. I knew noth-
ing about the place except that it had be-
longed to Caroline Sheridan’s uncle, that
it stood in a tract of wild and virgin wood-
land, and had come to her, along with the
rest of her huge inheritance, at her uncle’s
death. I had heard, of course, of the
legend of the monster among the Sheri-
dans, but I had dismissed if with a laugh
as one does such old wives’ tales and chim-
ney-corner spinnings—and I had never
connected it with this house.

  I got off the train at a remote little sta-
tion in deep woodland about seven o'clock
at night. The moon was very bright, and
the crowding tangled mass of trees, like
an impenetrable wall, ringed the little sta-
tion round. In the fantastic splotches of
shadow they threw over the platform I
suddenly recognized a familiar angular
face looking anxiously at me.

  I got quite a start. It was Dr. Hansen,
the very psychologist who had cured me
years ago.

  “You!” I exclaimed.

  “Bruce Trent!” he ejaculated in the
same surprise, coming rapidly toward me
and extending his hand. “What are you
doing here?”

  We stared at each other. In the years
since I had seen Dr. Hansen he seemed
to have grown seedier, and his elderly face
was shriveled closer around the angular
jutting bones of his face. His face was
flushed and stretched like parchment.

  “I was invited to the house-party,” I
said. “Are you a guest here too ?”

  He blinked through his rimless spec-
tacles in surprise. “My dear boy,” he said,
“I am the brother of the bridegroom!”

•’T'HEN it flashed on me. My hostess,
Caroline Sheridan, had recently mar-
ried, and though I had received a wedding

announcement, the name Ralph Hansen
on it had meant nothing to me—Hansen
was too common a name for me to connect
it with my friend the doctor.

  “Your brother is the husband of Caro-
line Sheridan!” I exclaimed. “Well, I’ll
be glad to meet him!”

  “Hm,” he said. He looked at me in un-
certainty. I knew he was thinking about
the fact that Caroline Sheridan and I had
once been in love—but that was long ago,
practically forgotten by us both, and now
every ounce of my feeling of that sort was
centered on her good friend, Amy Deane,
to whom I was engaged.

  I laughed. “Are you thinking about that
boy-and-girl affair Caroline and I had
years ago?”

  “No,” he said. “That’s not it.” He was
not looking at me, he was looking at the
woods, with a peculiar expression on his
face, almost uneasiness. The wall of wood-
land, pressing so close about us, seemed
to be listening—listening, splotched le-
prously black and white by the moon, with
misshapen tendrils of fog wandering
through it like witches’ fingers.

   It was lonely in that station. I felt it sud-
denly, like a spot of chill.

  The doctor’s angular face looked at me
sharply. “I was thinking about the effect
of this place upon you.”

  “Upon me!”

  “Yes. There’s something about this
place—something queer. I can’t understand
it—can’t lay my finger on it. I’ve been here
several days—it’s affected everyone here.”
I glanced at him. It was something about
his tone. He was not scoffing. He seemed
to gauge my huge shoulders, my scarred
and menacing expression, without doing
so directly. “Do you know why I came
down to the station?” he said abruptly.
“It was—because I was thinking of going
away.”

  “Going away!”

  “Yes.” He broke off, looking again at
I Am the Beast!

51

the wood. At that moment I saw beads of
sweat on his neck. "You’ve heard the
story, of course,” he said, "of the beast
in the Sheridan family—the monstrosity
that was born here—and never seen, con-
cealed by the old uncle who left Caroline
her fortune.”

  "But that’s nonsense!” I said.

  The beads of sweat on his neck, on the
neck of this penetrating man of science,
were affecting me more than the peculiar
atmosphere of the wood, which was begin-
ning to seep into us in a chilling, inde-
finable way.

  His eyes veered to me again. "I was
thinking of the effect on you,” he said,
“of the combination of this atmosphere
and your old feeling for Caroline."

  “What do you mean ?” I exclaimed.

  Just then there was the sound of rapid
feet and Joyce Sheridan, Caroline’s sister,
came running across the platform toward
us.

  "Look,” muttered Dr. Hansen in a quick
undertone, “I spoke of the effects of the
atmosphere—look at her and judge for
yourself.”

  Joyce ran directly up to me. Her face
was flushed; she was hatless; in her light
summer dress, running to us this way out
of the darkness, she looked like some
touseled nymph disgorged from the mys-
terious wood.

  “Here you are!” she exclaimed. “Amy
couldn’t come to meet you—I ran all the
way—I was so afraid I’d miss you!”
"You ran from the house?”

  “Yes—through the woods.”

  She took my hand with a sparkling smile.
She was a lovely girl, fully as lovely as
her sister; she and Caroline were the only
two of the Sheridan family remaining.
There was absolutely nothing the matter
with her that I could see. She was the
picture of flushed, radiant welcome.

  "The doctor has been telling me bogey
stories,” I laughed. I looked at the doctor
in smiling challenge. His face had not re-

laxed from its compressed and narrow
look.

  “You should not have run alone through
the woods,” he said sharply. “Come, I
have the car to drive us back.”

TV7E WALKED to a town car behind
™ the station and the chauffeur opened
the tonneau, Joyce and I talking lightly.
The doctor, as though out of sympathy
with our mood, got in front with the chaf-
feur. We drove down a narrow winding
road, overhung with trees; wisps of fog
parted before the car as if reluctant to let
us pass. Joyce and I talked gaily of a
hundred things; she told me what fun they
had had putting the old house to rights.
After awhile she paused and became seri-
ous.

  “Do you know the real purpose of the
house-party ?” she asked.

  “No.”

  “To kill once for all that legend about
the Beast!” she burst out intensely. "The
famous Beast of tine Sheridans! The mon-
strosity that uncle was supposed to have
kept here—that was supposed to have been
his link with the powers of evil! The
beast that was so misshapen and ugly
and—” She glanced at me and stopped.
“You know they do say,” she went on in a
lighter tone, "that uncle delved into sorcery
and had a compact with the Devil. And
that that accounted for his fortune, and
that the Beast was bom into the family
as a tangible reminder to him of his com-
pact! And that his compact was that the
rest of his descendants should die!”

  She laughed merrily. How refreshing it
sounded, that healthy, girlish laughter!
How gruesome, in the light of what fol-
lowed !

  “The beast must be no bigger than a
cricket,” she said, “because we’ve looked in
every cranny and cupboard, and can’t find
him!”

  I laughed with her. "And you feel no
effects of the atmosphere?”
52

Dime Mystery Magazine

  “Atmosphere!” she exclaimed. She took
a deep breath, raising one hand as if to
help expand her lungs. “It’s gorgeous!”

  As I chuckled, I happened to glance at
her hand. The laughing, railing girl, with
her thumb between her fingers, was making
the sign of the Evil One!

  Something froze in me.

  “Joyce!” I exclaimed.

  “What’s the matter?” she asked.

  Nothing will ever strike me with such
sudden horror as what happened then.
She was still looking at me, her face full
of carefree laughter, and suddenly, before
my very eyes, her face was transformed
into a mask of bestiality. The eyes nar-
rowed in a leer that was indescribable;
her lips flattened, drawing back from her
teeth, a drool of fine spittle leaked from
the corners. From those twisted lips is-
sued a horrible sound. It resembled that
horrible gurgle a medium makes in the
midst of a trance. It rose, deepened, into
a voice. It was not her voice—it seemed
a voice no human being could utter—roll-
ing and guttural, like a voice from the
abyss of sin.

  “I am the Beast,” it said. “I speak to
you, Bruce Trent. I will project my soul
into your body, exactly as at this moment
I project my soul into the body of this girl.
In your body. Bruce Trent, I shall kill the
descendants of the house of Sheridan, as
was the compact with Satan.”

  I sat riveted, with the sweat starting on
me and my body like a block of ice. I
could not move. I could not take my eyes
from the horrible, convulsed face of the
girl before me. Dimly I sensed a jolt—the
car stopping—Dr. Hansen and the chauf-
feur looking horror-stricken from in front.
For me they did not exist. Nothing ex-
isted but those writhing, foaming lips and
that demoniac voice.

  It stopped.

  Then I saw a spasm convulse Joyce.
Like one in agony she clutched at her
breast, tore the flimsy fabric of her sum-

mer dress free from her slim shoulders.
Her lips were bubbling; I could see only
her eye-whites. Her breasts came into
view, her panting, throbbing white stom-
ach ; she continued in a rending paroxysm
to tear off her clothes, with hands clawing
maniacally as if to free herself from some-
thing internal and terrible.

  Joyce was a beautiful woman. Totally
nude she swayed before me, her face like
a tortured mask.

  “The Beast!” she cried—in her own
voice, but such a voice of agony and sheer
horror I have never heard. Then with a
scream like a maniac she plunged out the
car door into the woods.

  I plunged after her. I was shouting. I
stumbled. I dashed through the massive,
moss-hung trees. Her nude form flitted
ahead, revealed in stark ivory by the moon-
light one moment, steeped in shadow the
next. She was still screaming. The creepers
and boughs seemed to reach out to engulf
her.

  Then I lost her. I was plunging head-
long through a glade. Something sudden
and inexplicable happened to me—as
though I had been cut off in mid-air—as
though I had run into an invisible wire.
The very breath leaped out of my throat;
I whirled into blackness. But even as I
fell, there seemed to appear before me a
face—lewd and unutterable as a Congo
witch-mask. Again I heard that voice—
the voice I had heard in the car—but not
in my ears, in the very fastness of my soul.

  “I am the Beast. Now I enter into your
spirit, Bruce Trent, and you shall do my
will.”

  I fell face forward like a blind man.

CHAPTER TWO

The Devil’s Kiss

T CAME to my senses as though from a
terrible nightmare. My head was throb-
bing and I felt nausea deep within me. A
/ Am the Beast!

53

hand was shaking my shoulder. A voice
was crying in my ear. “Are you all right ?
Are you all right, sir ?”

  It was the chauffeur. His face, panting,
wide-eyed, was peering into mine.

  “Yes—yes,” I muttered, and struggled
erect. I was in a glade—the same glade, I
recognized, in which I had lost Joyce,
though the blobs of moonlight and shadow
seemed to have changed. At my feet,
tangled with moss, was a twisted tree-root
that made the very outline of the face I had
seen . . . my senses seemed confused.

  The chauffeur called behind him : “Here
he is! I have found him, sir!”

  Out of the blackness, with a crashing
of branches, ran Dr. Hansen.

  “Thank God!” he exclaimed. “You, at
least! Where is Joyce—did you find her?”
“No,” I muttered, gazing into his
horror-stricken eyes. For some reason I
dropped my own. I felt somehow different.
There was a peculiar desire in me not to
discuss with him anything that had hap-
pened. It was as a hand laid on my soul,
prohibiting me.

  “My God, Bruce, what happened to
you?” he cried.

  “I must have fallen over this tree-root
and been knocked unconscious,” I said.

  I saw him staring at my hand. It looked
unnaturally dark. Purely reflexively I put
it in my pocket.

  “Are you hurt?”

   “I must have cut myself as I fell.”

  “We must get back,” he insisted. “If
she hasn’t run to the house, we’ve got to
get the others to help search.”

  We went back to the car. Inside I
glanced at my watch. I stared at it in
amazement, held it to my ear, glanced at
the doctor. “What time is it ?”
“Nine-thirty.”

  I felt a shock all through me. Nine-
thirty ! It was shortly after seven when we
left the station. “Good God—how long did
you search for me?” I exclaimed.

  “Upwards of an hour.”

  My lips felt dry. Upwards of an hour—
I had been lying in that glade. It came
to me with a sick sense, stabbing through
the unnatural calm that held me, as if for
the first time I was coming awake. In
that hour—what had happened to me?
What was this blood on my hand ?

  The great house, rambling and ablaze
with light, suddenly flashed before us.

  A group of people were on the verandah.
 They thronged about us. There was a
 babble of incoherent talk and salutations.

  “Bruce Trent!”

  “Doctor! Have you seen Caroline ?”

  “Caroline? No.”

  I recognized Frank Jameson; the Blairs;
 Lyle Scott and his wife; Grey Harning. I
 saw neither Caroline, my hostess, nor
 Amy, my fiancee. I saw several people
 who did not know me, make a start of in-
 voluntary horror which, at sight of me,
 they could not suppress.

  “Is Joyce here?” demanded the doctor.

  “Here? No—she went to meet Bruce at
the station.”

  “Don’t tell me she’s gone, too!” ex-
slaimed Frank Jameson.

  “Too!” repeated the doctor. “Who else
is missing?”

  "Caroline!”

  The name came from several at once.
In the expression of their faces, I would
see this was the reason for their uneasy
gathering. “She’s been missing for the
last hour! No one seems to know where
she’s gone!”

  “Where’s Amy?” I demanded.

  “She and Ralph Hansen are making an-
other search of the attic. It’s ridiculous,
because we’ve ransacked it once already!”

660 EE here, this is serious,” said Grey

  ^ Harning. “You say Joyce is gone,
too ?”

  “Yes,” said Dr. Hansen. “She—she ran
from the car,” he said, obviously in some
uncertainty how to put it. “We looked for
54

Dime Mystery Magazine

 her everywhere, but couldn’t find her. We
 thought she had come here.”

  “Ran from the car!” exclaimed Frank.
“Why ? Wasn’t she with you ?”

  I spoke up. “She took a short cut tow-
ard the servants’ lodge because she thought
she saw Caroline.”

  The doctor looked at me thunderstruck.
“Why, Bruce, she did not! What are you
saying ?”

  I knew it was a lie as soon as I opened
my mouth. They all stared at me. With
my sweating, contorted face, my disheveled
hair, my clothes covered with moss and
brambles, I made a strange appearance.

  “What’s the matter, Bruce, are you
hurt?”

  “You don’t look well!”

  “He’s had a nasty fall,” said the doctor.
“Yes,” I mumbled, “if you’ll excuse
me—”

  “Show Mr. Trent to his room,” said
Frank to the butler.

  “Yes, sir.” The butler took me sym-
pathetically by the shoulder and led me into
the house and upstairs to the room that
had been apointed for me.

  I got rid of him as soon as I could. I
wanted to be alone. Particularly, above
everything else, I did not want to see Amy.
The thought of her sweet face, her inno-
cent and trusting eyes, filled me with a
strange aversion.

  Was it because I did not want her to
see the unnerved confusion I was in? I
could not take time to analyze my
thoughts. Too many things were press-
ing on me. I sat down on the bed and
cautiously, like a thief examining some-
thing he has stolen, examined my hand.

  It was covered with blood—palm and
back, even between the fingers—matted
and clotted with blood stuck with wisps
of moss.

  I felt myself swallowing convulsively.
I got up, felt myself over, examining my
face in the mirror. There was no cut on
me, not so much as a scratch. I was un-

hurt. Yet I had lain senseless in the glade
for upwards of an hour—why? Why?

  During that time had something hap-
pened to Joyce? My God—was this—was
this her blood?

  A horrible tumult began in me. Yet,
through it all; part of me remained calm, as
if unmoved and watchful.

  It was that part of me that led me to the
washbowl, where I quickly and thoroughly
washed my hands. Even as I dried them I
came up with a start. Why, in God’s name,
was I doing these things ? Why had I lied,
downstairs there? Why had I not wanted
to talk to the doctor? Sweat broke out
again on me.

  I walked swiftly up and down the room.

  The Beast! The Beast! Confused im-
pressions crowded upon me—the glade—
the guttural voice—that unspeakable face
—Joyce’s paroxysm. Was it really possible
that some horrible being had taken pos-
session of me? Something intangible and
utterly non-human, that was using my soul
to do its will? I mopped my face; I was
trembling with ague. I stopped with a vio-
lent gesture. No! This was the Twentieth
Century—it was utterly preposterous! I
had fallen over the root, I had been stun-
ned, and everything was simply a phan-
tasmagoria of my confused brain.

  But how account for the actions of Joyce
in the car and the voice she had spoken ?

  I had heard the voice. I had seen her
face. Those things had happened before I
was stunned.

  I happened to glance into the mirror. My
face, with its sinister lowering look, met
my eyes, not torn with suffering, but look-
ing at me with a smile.

  “She looked like Caroline,” I heard my-
self say.

  A sea of horror swept over me as I real-
ized what I had said. Yet even then I saw
my own eyes looking back at me, reflect-
ing no anguish, but gleaming with a light
of satisfaction.

  There was a knock at the door.
/ Am the Beast!

55

"W7ITH a swift movement like a cat, I
’ ’ got softly into bed just when the door
opened and a woman in a black silk dress
came in. She was carrying a small tray
with a glass.

“I’m the housekeeper.” she said, smiling.
“I brought you a bromide to soothe you.”

  “There’s nothing the matter with me,”
I muttered in confusion.

  She came over and set the tray on the
bed-table. With a graceful movement she
leaned down to draw over me the light
quilt, which I had disarranged.

  As she leaned down I saw that if anyone
ever had what in medieval days they
termed the evil eye, this woman had it.

  Her eyes were black, exotic, and Iong-
lashed, with smiling, languorous, yet bale-
ful depths that seemed of themselves to
reach out and search to bottom of my soul.
I saw too that she was beautiful. Her
white face, perfect in every feature, had
not one hint of color—no more than there
was in her superbly molded arms and
shoulders of pale ivory. She wore a
dress cut very low, and yet with a sug-
gestion in its snug tailored fit of a uni-
form, which accentuated the voluptuous
curves of her slim body.

  “Let me arrange your pillow,” she said
after a little while.

  She gently raised my head, and as she
did so I saw, almost completely revealed,
her smooth breasts. I was flooded with a
subtle and exotic perfume.

  A combination of aversion and attrac-
tion moved strongely within me.

  With another graceful movement she
sat down by me on the bed, leaning over
me, one hand resting lightly on my knee
above the coverlet.

  Honeyed, tempting, provocative, was her
smile.

  “You wish to ask me something,” she
said.

  It was not so much what she said. It
was the way she said it. As if we shared,

somehow, some sinister knowledge. With
an effort to throw this off I asked:

  “How long have you been here ?”

  “In this house?”

  “Yes.”

  She did not take her eyes from me.
They probed me, fondled me, soothed me,
yet there was something malevolent deep,
deep, within them.

  “A good many years,” she said.

  “Perhaps you can tell me,” I said with
an affectation of casualness, “something
about this monstrosity the legends speak
about ?”

  She looked at me, but did not speak. In-
stead she bent lower over me, until her
face was directly above my own. I could
feel the touch of her soft breath on my
cheeks.

  “Why should I tell you,” she breathed,
“when you know!”

  Her red lips were parted, her baleful
exotic eyes holding me like a cobra’s. For
that instant I felt utterly unable to move.
Whether it was the shock—the significance
of her words—something chilling and
malignant in her eyes spread over me like
some miasmatic net.

  “You must not think of me as your
enemy, but as your friend,” she said. Her
voice fell to a very wisp of sound, a ca-
ressing ghost of a whisper. “More than a
friend, if you will . . . because I know
what happened in that hour—and I am
here to help you.”

  She leaned down and pressed her lips,
full, luscious, quivering, to mine.

  It was a kiss shot through and throbbing
with a dark ecstasy such as I had never
known.

  Her lithe arms, with a sinuous move-
ment like snakes, moved over my body;
her solid breasts crushed against me.

  There was the sharp crash of the door
opening.

  “Bruce!” cried a voice that stabbed me
like a knife.
56

Dime Mystery Magazine

CHAPTER THREE

Prints Of Bloody Hands

T SAW Amy, her golden hair gleaming,
one hand to her lovely cheek. Horror,
unbelief, shock, struggled in her stricken
eyes. “Oh, no! Oh, how could you!” she
cried, and turning on her heel, she rushed
from the room.

  I rose like a drunken man. I ran out
after her. She was gone; the dark stairway
was deserted. I pulled up in the hall. Some-
thing within me told me I did not par-
ticularly care. My blood was warm, throb-
bing with the sensuous exotic charm of the
marvelous body that had been in my arms.

  A few guests were still on the verandah.
I could hear them shouting to others in
the distance. A search was going 011 in the
wood. A man crossed from the verandah
into the living room and encountered me.
He was walking with a quick, nervous step.
His brows were knitted, his mouth grim.
He stopped at sight of me, his eyes flashing
in surprise, shock, and checked aversion.

  “You are Bruce Trent?” he asked.

  “I am.”

  “I am Ralph Hansen.”

  So this was Caroline’s husband. I saw
at once he did not like me. Not so much
mj' appearance as—well, it might have
been the recollection of what I had once
been to Caroline. Without offering his
hand, he moved close to me, as though to
engage me in quiet conversation.

  “My brother has told me,” he said, “of
what happened in the car.”

  “Of what happened in the car?” I re-
peated coolly. “What happened in the car?”

  He frowned. “I mean when Joyce ran
away.”

  “Oh, yes,” I said. “Have they found her
yet?”

  “No, nor Caroline.” He was looking
steadily at me. “You were the last to see
Joyce alive.”

  “Alive!” I exclaimed. “Do you mean to
say she is dead ?”

  He did not speak immediately. He drew
the tip of his tongue across his lips, like
a man striving to control himself.

  “What happened to you in the woods?”
he said. “My brother told me you were
gone for an hour.”

  Violent rage blazed in me.

  “What are you accusing me of?” I de-
manded.

  He flushed. He was a handsome man, in
an angular, sharp-cut way, and that very
handsomeness fanned my anger.

  “You are my guest,” he said coldly. “I
am not accusing you of anything; I am
merely asking you what happened to you
in the woods.”

  I raised my shoulders, expanding my
great chest with a suck of air and knotting
my fists. I raised an impulse to smash this
handsome face before me to pulp.

  “I was unconscious,” I said, “and if you
hanker for more explanations, think up
your own.”

  His set face twitched with a sharp effort
at control; mastering himself, he said calm-

ly:,

  “Since you were the last person to see
her, you should be out there directing the
search. You are the only one who knows
where she disappeared.”

  “I shall,” I said, and shoved by him.

  I did not pass him gently. I was hoping
he would make some move, some trifling
answering gesture, that would give me an
excuse to let loose my rage upon him.

  But apparently he restrained himself. I
plunged out through the door, ignoring
the people on the verandah, striding on
down the stairs into the night.

  My feet seemed to go of themselves.

nPHE moon was riding high, now, gib-
bous and curved, with one small cloud
below it, fantastically red, like a salver of
blood beneath a gleaming knife. Below it
the wood seemed to hang like a black and
I Am the Beast!

57

tattered pall, shot through with lances of
light and towering shadow shapes. Grisly
beards of moss, hanging low from the
boughs, touched my face, seeming to move
over my eyes and cheeks. I felt water
squelch under my feet, warm and evil-
smelling; rotting leaves, in layers, rose
and lifted beneath me as though composed
of sponge rubber. Stumps of water-cy-
press, thrust up at grotesque angles, looked
like squatting dwarfs. Moths flew before
me, slow, silent and heavy-winged, their
shapes increased eerily by the mysterious
underbranching penumbra of light.

  Here in the dark unfathomable night,
increased by the shifting fog-fingers and
the unearthly light of the moon, appetites
as old as humankind, lecherous and carnal
awoke in me. I moved through the trees
quickly, with gleaming eyes, a feeling of
inexplicable exultation in my heart,
hunched forward like a satyr.

  It suddenly came on me that I seemed
to know where I was going.

  This knowledge shocked me like a cold
douche; but in the state I was in, of baffled
rage, excitement, awakened rioting desire,
I did not pay great attention to it; it was
only one among the hundred unleashed
emotions rioting within me.

   I heard voices to my left.

  It was that way I was heading. I
stopped, checking myself with instinctive
caution.

  The voices stabbed up suddenly in a
scream.

  They were repeated, hoarsely, wildly—
screams of discovery. I heard other voices
foregathering, lights flashing, the crash-
ing of feet.

  Without altering my course, I went un-
erringly to the spot.

  A ring of faces surrounded something
on the ground. I recognized Frank Jame-
son, Gray, the Scotts, others of my friends.
The women were sobbing; the men, after
the first shouts of excitement, were grim
and tense-lipped.

  “My God!” I heard a voice. “Joyce!”

  I pushed my way into the ring. Joyce’s
body, nude as I had last seen it, lay on its
back, the legs and arms flung apart like
the petals of some lovely broken flower;
like a flower still blooming in the moon-
light. Each limb, each delicate modulation
of the flesh was flowerlike in its softness—
yes, like a flower even to the scarlet blot
of blood on the breast for a calyx.

  The blood came from her throat, which
had been hacked apart until her head was
nearly severed from her shoulders. That
head, that glorious head, with its glassy
eyes that had laughed so glad and carefree
into mine. The moon with its mysterious
soft luminescence made more vivid her
virginal pallor, more scarlet the gruesome
star at her throat.

  The wound was horribly enlarged, as if
it had been seized by the open edges and
ripped apart, again, again, by some rend-
ing instrument. Or—by hands, of unnatur-
al strength.

  I felt the cold saliva trickle down the
inner walls of my cheeks.

  Yet in spite of the pounding in me, the
paralysis of horror, I did not feel surprise.
I seemed to know everything about that
body, its disposition, how it lay.

  Something deep in me groaned, as
though to say: “You are lost. There is
nothing you can do.

  “My God!” I heard Grey Harning ejac-
ulate. “What fiend has done this?”

  “The Beast of the Sheridans,” someone
said in a quivering breath like a sigh.

  A vicelike, frozen silence held us all, in
that impenetrable, moon-drenched wood.
An owl swooping high overhead hooted a
soft syllable. It made everyone stare up-
ward, their faces shaken, stricken.

  "Caroline!” broke out one voice. “What
of Caroline?”

\V / ITH a sudden movement the group
was galvanized into action. “Frank!”
cried Grey, "you go this way—take Will
58

Dime Mystery Magazine

with you—search the east woods—I’ll
phone the police—Lyle and John, you
take the woods to the west!” His eyes fell
on me. “Bruce, you take the premises
around the house!”

  “Yes,” I nodded. As I passed through
the group I saw several, seeing me unex-
pectedly, shrink from me with involuntary
aversion. I ran on heavily toward the
house. I did not seem to know where I
was going. My head was reeling in chaos.
I could not breathe; my brain was ring-
ing like brass. Had I done this? I tore at
my throat for air; my eyes went over those
blighting tree-tops to the unfathomable
sky. My soul seemed to cry out of itself,
as if for a second, in tremendous agony,
it threw off a horrible weight. God, God
help me, I cried, You know my heart; I
swear I am innocent before You!

  That second’s cry was swallowed up in
the impenetrable night.

  Confusion engulfed me once more, and
something approaching madness. I ran,
ran.

  I came up suddenly at a wall in the
darkness before me. Without knowing it
I had blundered to the back of the house.
I could see the dark outline of the clipped
hedge; I felt along it, turned the corner.
Here the wood encroached, sliced with
squares of light from the house windows.
Half in shadow were the back stairs. I
plunged up them without knowing why.
It seemed almost as though some force
outside myself were telling me what to do
—and I had no strength to disobey those
commands.

  As I ran through the lower rooms I felt
the house was deserted. There was no
sound. But—yes—my ear caught some-
thing. A footfall, distinct, quick—upstairs.

  I ran that way. As I came up from the
shadow of the stairhead I stopped short.

  The housekeeper was before me.

  She wore something long, clinging and
dark; on her bare feet were the merest
wisps of high-heeled, red sandals.

  I looked into those malevolent, beautiful
eyes. They were black in the semi-dark-
ness, black as the pits of hell, burning with
a sultry fire. As she parted her lips in a
smile I could see the tip of her red moist
tongue between her teeth.

  “You have come back,” she said.

  She moved close to me. The sensuous
atmosphere of her presence enveloped me;
my nostrils were filled again with that al-
luring, exotic scent.

  “You are tired,” she said. “Very tired.
You must rest.”

  Her eyes, languorous, inscrutable be-
hind their long lashes, swept me with a
caressing look. I could see the pulsing
throb in the white column of her throat.

  “Come with me,” she said, and taking
me by the hand, she drew me down the
hall.

  My silence was not due to stupefaction.
It was due to the hellish, burning desire
that reared its bestial head at sight of her.
Every movement of her graceful body,
moving ahead of me, seemed to suck my
very veins with hunger.

  She drew me into a darkened room. It
seemed the antechamber of a bedroom; it
was littered with couches. It rose above
me in a vault of darkness; I could see
neither the ceiling nor the walls. A light
on a branching, ornate candlestick made
a nimbus of radiance at one side. There
was a smell of richness in it; I could bare-
ly see the rich hangings, obscurely in the
dark; it breathed an Oriental, incense-
like odor, clinging, aphrodisiac, that
soothed the senses.

  She drew me beside her, sitting on a
low lounge. She crossed her knees with a
sensuous movement; down the graceful
fold that marked her leg I could see her
bare foot, in its red slipper, tilted toward
me. She still kept her tapering fingers on
mine; she transfixed me with a slow smile
that revealed the depths of her dark eyes.
The touch of her fingers seemed to send
jets and barbs of fire up my arm.
/ Am the Beast!

59

  "Your brain is twisted like a knot,” she
said. “Tight, tight. As though someone
were drawing the ends to the breaking
point.”

  I passed my hand over my face. “Yes,
yes,” I muttered.

  Again I could feel her breath on my
cheek. “Your mind is screaming like a
stretched wire. As though one more touch
on that wire would shatter it to pieces.”
“God, yes,” I breathed.

TTER voice dropped like honey. “In me
• you will find solace,” she said. “Put
your head here." She put her slim fingers
around my neck, pressed my head into the
warm juncture of her neck and shoulder.
“Rest, rest quietly—here you can be at
peace.”

  Though the dark, clinging robe covered
her f rom head to foot, I was sure she wore
nothing beneath it. I swung like a straw
between the horror of my experiences and
the mad intoxication of her nearness. Yet
I sensed a touch of horror here, something
dread ahead. Tired, maddened as I was,
some obscure part of me was fighting
against her.

  “They will not find you here,” she said.
  “They!” I jerked up my head. “Who?”
  “The other—your friends.”

  I licked my dry lips, staring at her.
What was she saying, what was she telling
me, with her evil eyes ?

  “I know you did it,” she said. “I, and I
alone. Come, do not be afraid of me. I told
you I was your friend—that was here to
help you.”

  She put her hands on my shoulders,
holding me at arms’ length. The movement
swept back the full sleeves of her robe,
revealing her bare white arms to the shoul-
ders. Her red lips parted again. I could see
them glisten.

   “Tell me about it,” she said softly. “Did
you hack her with a knife?”

  I could feel my face tremble with the
violence of my emotions.

  “Who?” I articulated.

  “Joyce,” she said. “Joyce, the one you
murdered. Did you tear, as is always his
sign, the edges of the wound like a star ?”
“Whose sign?” I asked hoarsely.

  She leaned toward me. The black light
seemed to leap out of her eyes.

  “Our master,” she said. “The Beast.
The Beast you saw in the moonlight.”
With a gagging movement I tore myself
from her, standing upright. “Who are
you?” I gasped. “What makes you speak
as you do? What do you know of what
happened ?”

  “I know all,” she said. Her voice was
vibrant, now, her eyes wells of black tri-
umph. "All. I know you followed her from
the car and murdered her horribly in the
woods—at his bidding—his, the master.
Why should I not know, when I, too, am
his creature and do his will ?”

  She came to me and with a soft move-
ment fitted her body against my own. I
could feel her bare arms, from behind/
encircling my back and shoulders.

  “Why struggle?” she breathed. “It is all
over now. It is done.”

  My mind seemed to be exploding. Again
my brain teetered like a spinning bauble
between two madnesses—the madness of
her and the madness of conviction of the
deed I must have done. For a second I
felt like shouting out in maniacal laughter,
seizing her and drowning myself in her
beauty. Then that tiny part of me, that
edge still struggling blindly, fought briefly
through.

  My mouth made cracked sounds. My
voice did not seem to obey me. “As God
is my witness,” I croaked out, “I did not
do it!”

  She withdrew from me with a supple
movement. As she did so, one whole bare
leg, from red slipper to symmetrical thigh,
was displayed for a second and then dis-
appeared in its folds. She fixed me with
her fathomless eyes. A slow smile, mock-
ing, crept over her face.
60

Dime Mystery Magazine

  "You do not think so?" she said. “Look,
I will show you.”

  She stepped to me again, and with a
deft movement of her slender hands she
opened my shirt. She spread apart the
clothes to reveal my bare breast.

  On it were prints—prints of blood—
small, convulsed hand-prints—of piteous,
feminine, delicate hands, tearing in suppli-
cation against the strength that had torn
the life from them.

       CHAPTER FOUR
       The Pit Of Doom

JOYCE’S! No other—they could be no
other! A tortured noise came from me
I closed my eyes to try to blot out that
damning, implacable evidence. Now I
could see those black eyes again, that in-
scrutable white face, moving before me
with the rapid motion of a snake’s head.

  “What did you do with Caroline?” she
asked.

  I could not scream. I hung there voice-
less, my body quivering like the jarred
pendulum of a clock. Again she was close
to me. “Peace," she breathed, “it is all
over—and now comes your reward."

  She put my hands on her rich flesh.
Then, moving from me with a lithe move-
ment, she stepped into the shadows and
opened a door.

  I saw dimly the outlines of a richly
caparisoned bed.

  Something came out of that room—
something intangible, an indescribable
emanation; it cut the perfume of the room
like a knife, suggesting horrors beyond
the bounds of human imagination.

  “Come,” she said.

  She enfolded me once more; I could feel
the voluptuous curves of her warm body
through the soft material throbbing against
my own. That small bit of sanity in me
fought through blindly again.

   “No,” I said.

  “Come,” she said, her voice more
throaty, imperative, her eyes avid.

  “No!” I repeated, and with a violent
movement I threw her off.

  She stood in the doorway. With a single
motion she opened her robe and stood nude
before me.

  As I crossed that threshold a constric-
tion came over my soul like ice.

  I stopped. Everything good, everything
sane, everything decent in me seemed to
be fighting a death struggle against the
lure of this woman. She appeared to sense
it. Nude, with her robe parted like great
silken wings, she threw herself upon me,
winding herself about me like a vine.

  Then I saw something beneath the cur-
tains of the bed.

  It was the face I had seen in the glade.
It was the face of the Beast. Hideous,
unspeakably vile, its mouth gaping in the
blubber-lipped smile of a Congo witch-
mask, it stared at me. I saw its misshapen
body move under the silken litter of cover-
lets strewn on the bed.

  A scream burst from me.

  But even as I screamed, a vestige of real-
ization struck at the corner of my mind—
the thing was tangible—the thing was
there. This was nothing filling my mind’s
horizon and blotting out my soul—it was
there before me, no bigger than that bed,
under those coverlets.

  I think it was that that saved my reason.

  I let out a horrible cry of rage. This
was something I could get my hands on;
something I could break and tear. I leaped
for it. The woman gave a scream; dropped
to the floor as I sprang forward. She
writhed her supple length about my leg,
so that I fell short of the bed. I was like
a wild man. The room was absolutely
black. I tore, beat, struck at the bed; I
threw the woman from me. I caught up a
chair, and flailing like a thresher in the
darkness, I smashed the bed—smashed it,
smashed every piece of it, smashed the
corners, the hangings, the paneled walls.
I Am the Beast!

61

Splinters rained around me, I was panting
like a gorilla. I sprang to the wall and
flashed the light on.

  Empty. Not a trace of the thing with
the mask-like face. I whirled to the ante-
room. The woman was just whisking away,
her robe flying like a banner from her
white body. I seized her. I picked her up
bodily off the floor.

  “You hell-witch!” I rasped. “You led
me here—you brought me to him—where
is he—the Beast—where has he gone ?”

T HELD her overhead like a Hun holding
A a woman at the sack of Rome. I would
have dashed her brains out on the floor.
But hands gripped me from behind. I let
her drop, whirling.

  “Bruce!”

  “My God, what’s going on?”

  “Hold him!”

  Four men had me pinioned. The woman,
snatching her robe about her nudity,
jabbed a frienzied arm at me.

  “He came in here and tried to kill me!”
she shrieked. “He did it! He did it! He
murdered Joyce!”

  “What’s this?” gasped voices.

  I looked panting at the ring of faces,
saw Grey, Frank, Tom Scott, the women.
Someone had turned on the light. The
place looked like a shambles.

  I found my voice. It was more like a
hoarse roar.

  “She is the accomplice of the Beast!”
I bellowed. “She is his partner! The Beast
is in that room!”

 “He is the murderer of Joyce!”
screamed the housekeeper, her eyes like
hell-fire, her hair disheveled. “Look—if
you don’t believe it—look at his chest!”

  Her outflung hand pointed to my shirt,
which, torn open, revealed the extent of
my bare breast.

  “What is this ?” said Grey, stepping up
to me. “My God—a woman’s hands—in
blood!”

  A shudder of fear was on their faces.

  “Bruce!”

  “Where did those come from?”

  “His brain has snapped 1”

  I suddenly recognized Dr. Hansen’s
quivering face. “My God! I feared this!”
The housekeeper’s voice lashed the air
like a whip. “He tried to kill me! Me! Me,
too, like Joyce and Caroline! Ask him
where Caroline is!”

  Dr. Hansen said in a steady voice:
“Where is Caroline?”

  Before those unflinching eyes my whole
being seemed to collapse. My eyes dropped.
“In the cistern,” I muttered.

  I could take no account of what I did
or said. I was past that point. In the
silence that followed I could hear the
woman’s strident peal of demoniac
laughter. “He knows! He knows!”

  Frank Jameson’s eyes were on me,
shocked, glassy, like the eyes of a dead
man. "Bruce! How do you know?”

“It was—just a guess,” I muttered.
“My God—” I heard the doctor’s voice
—“there is a cistern under the house—
connected with an old tunnel—but I don’t
know how to get to it!”

  At that moment a woman’s scream
bubbled up to us. It seemed to come from
the bowels of the earth. I felt the short
hair stand erect on my neck.

  “Amy!” I gasped.

  “Amy—she has found the body!”
  “Where? Where?” gasped voices.
  “I will show you!” I cried.

T LEAPED ahead of them for the hall.
A Again, as in the wood, I seemed to
know where I was going. My feet, as by
their own volition, led me unerringly down
the staircase. We plunged down corri-
dors, stairways, into the foul, dark clammy
reek of the cellar. Frank Jameson’s flash-
light stabbed the darkness; we saw black,
mildewing, cob-webbed barrels, walls ooz-
ing a clammy sweat of damp. The rest
were confused; only I knew the way,
seemed to chart it as by instinct in the
62

Dime Mystery Magazine

darkness. I seized Frank’s flashlight,
played it around a far, barrel-choked, filth-
grimed recess.

  “There—there—is the entrance!” I
cried. I turned on them. My eyes were
rolling. A horrible, confused sound like
a moan issued from my throat. “I know
what is in there—and I did it!”

  Aghast, they shrank from me. I was
listening to my own voice, struck as dumb
as they. The men were by me, tearing down
the barrels. They revealed a dark opening,
like a tunnel.

  A vague light flitted far back on the
rounded ceiling—and disappeared.

  We plunged down the tunnel. Ahead of
me someone cried out as we looked down
into the cylinder of a cistern. Frank seized
the light from me, stabbed its ray down-
ward.

  A shuddering gasp came from every
throat.

  There lay the nude body of Caroline,
outflung like Joyce’s, white stomach upper-
most, completely revealed in the shallow
water. The slimy ooze played around her
graceful sides, touching her breasts as
though with clammy tenderness. There—
there—was the crimson star on her throat,
mingling with the black water.

  Frank Jameson turned on me with a
contorted grey face. “You—you—you are
the Beast—you did this.”

  I felt hands seize me. I tore myself from
their grasp—I leaped into that black cylin-
der.

  Perhaps I wished to destroy myself.
Perhaps it was reflex action—there was no
other way of escape. Down, down, I
hurtled; struck the irregular wall, rico-
cheted, struck a ledge, tumbled off. I hit the
bottom, scrabbling and splashing in the
slimy ooze almost over the body of Caro-
line. Half-stunned, I reeled up, and saw—

  The cistern bellied out at the bottom like
a bell. In the darkness was Amy, strug-
gling in the clutches of the Beast!

  I saw his face—that hideous, unspeak-

able face—the writhing of his body—
Amy’s golden hair, whipping above the
gag on her face. He had nearly succeeded
in ripping the clothes from her; one rose-
tipped breast was thrust toward me, one
throbbing haunch quivered in his filthy
grasp. I dove for him, closed with him,
an axe sheered by me, we tumbled into the
pit. He was cold, slimy, stinking. I smashed
that unspeakable face, I saw the nostrils
rip. He writhed from me; his body was
coated with ooze, it slipped like grease
through my fingers. He was up, trying
to haul down something like a portcullis
that hid the entrance from above. I was
baying like a wolf. I hit him head down
like a bull; I drove him beneath me; I
slugged him again, again. I heard the roar
of the portcullis overhead. I sank my
fingers into those hideous features, ripping
them. The face came off with the brittle
rip of a mask and I found myself looking
into the handsome face of Ralph Hansen!

T CAME to in the quiet, sun-filled
warmth of a hospital room. My family
doctor was leaning over me; on a chair
beside me Amy was sitting, her golden
hair glorious in the sun. her blue eyes
shining with love, my great hand clasped
in both her little ones.

   I saw joy leap in her eyes. “He’ll be all
right ?” she asked the doctor.

  Dr. Parmalee smiled. “Yes,” he said re-
assuringly, “nothing serious—a fractured
collar-bone and a few bad bruises. My
boy,” he said, sitting down beside me,
“you can thank this constitution of yours
for saving you last night. For saving your
sanity.” His eyes were grave.

  “What—” I murmured. “Who—it was
Ralph—Ralph Hansen—”

  My mind was full of confused recol-
lections of last night.

  “Yes,” said Dr. Parmalee, “it was
Ralph Hansen. And Dr. Hansen. As you
know, Caroline Sheridan fell heir to an
enormous fortune. The doctor was hand
I Am the Beast!

63

in glove with his brother to get her for-
tune. By a codicil of the will, the inherit-
ance reverted not to Caroline’s husband,
but to the remaining sister, Joyce, if Caro-
line predeceased her. Therefore it was
necessary to put both girls out of the way.

  “Dr. Hansen had, in the years since
you knew him, fallen in bad circumstances,
lost his reputation, and became a morphine
addict; so that he was an easy tool for
his brother’s schemes. Ralph Hansen knew
about you, knew about the legend of the
Beast, and decided to combine them to
make of you the perfect scapegoat.

  “Caroline invited you to the house-party,
unsuspectingly, and the doctor met you at
the station in a specially prepared limou-
sine. He released an ether compound in
the tonneau which drugged the occupants.
With the chauffeur, a henchman of
Ralph’s, they carried you both into the
woods.

  “Because of the long years you had spent
under the doctor's psychological domin-
ance, you were an absolutely ideal prey
for his powers of suggestion. As you re-
covered from the drug, he put your mind
again under the power of hypnosis lie had
used so much on you in the past.

  “Hypnotism cannot make a man do what
is utterly repugnant to his nature, like
murder—but a hypnotist can implant
commands in the subject’s brain which he
will carry out after the hypnosis—pro-
vided again these commands are relatively
simple and not heinous or atrocious. They
could not make you murder the girls, but
they could make you admit the murder.
While you were hypnotized in the woods
all the commands were implanted in your
brain which made you give yourself away
as the murderer—knowledge of the loca-
tion of the bodies, the lies you spoke, the
very words of confession. When you re-
covered, you carried them out.

  “Joyce did not recover. They stripped

and murdered her alongside you, not ten
minutes after Ralph had murdered Caro-
line in the cistern. They plunged your
hand in Joyce’s blood, and daubed her
handprints on your breast.

  “The housekeeper was Ralph’s para-
mour. She was to lead you to the African
witch-mask that was held before you dur-
ing your hypnosis. It had been imprinted
on your mind as the face of the Beast.
They hoped the shock of seeing it in real-
ity, would crack your mental balance.
That would have made a perfect motive.
As Caroline’s old lover, you had gone in-
sane through rage and jealousy and com-
mitted the murders.

  “But you must have sensed a human
being behind that mask.” Parmalee
reached out and patted my hand. “The
doctor confessed everything before he
took an overdose of morphine and died
this morning. Ralph did not wait that
long. He cut his throat with his own
axe.”

  I looked at Amy. “But you—how did
you get into that monster’s hands ?”

  “When I ran from you,” she said, “I
wished to get away—away from every-
body. I wandered over the house, and
finally into the cellar. There I came on
Ralph putting on the mask and daubing
himself with black grease. He bound and
gagged me, and but for you, there would
have been two bodies in the cistern.”

  “Thank God,” I said.

  A sense of release, peace, and great
thankfulness flooded over me. I closed my
eyes, and when I opened them again the
doctor was gone, Amy and I were alone.

  I pulled her to me. In her eyes I saw
no recrimination about the incident with
that demoniac woman, no accusation, only
infinite tenderness and infinite love. I
closed my eyes again, holding her pliant
body to me.
No. 7: Will iam Stewart, tlie Monster of tfie Mary Russell
By JOHN KOBLER

ON THE morning of May 9th,
1828, the brig Mary Russell lay
off the port of Barbadoes, her
hold bulging with a cargo of sugar, hides
and tropical fruit-plants. She was about
to undertake the return voyage to Cork,
Ireland.

  A commonplace little craft, this Mary
Russell, with a commonplace crew and a
nondescript captain. The crew consisted

of six young men: Smith, chief mate;
Swanson, second mate; Cramer, cook;
seamen Howes, Keating and Sullivan;
cabin boys Richards, 13, and Deaves, 15.

64
History's Gallery of Monsters

65

There were also four passengers: Murley,
Raynes, Connell and a 12-year-old Eng-
lish lad, Hammond.1

  The captain was one William Stewart,
a frail little man with sunken chest and
spindly legs, a shock of flaming red hair
and a complexion white as a flounder’s
belly. He looked more like a clerk or a
salesman than a sailor fitted to captain an
arduous voyage, let alone control the des-
tinies of twelve human beings.

  But aside from the seeming inadequacy
of the captain, the crew, the ship and the
proposed voyage appeared to be the es-
sence of the commonplace. Certainly, there
came to those very ordinary men and boys
no foreboding of the shuddering horror
which awaited them beyond the horizon,
a horror unequalled before or since in the
annals of the sea.

rpowARDS noon of the fateful day the
brig uphauled anchor and with her
sails bellying glided gracefully out of the
harbor. Three hours later the island had
sunk below the horizon and the ship, the
souls aboard her were infinitesimal entities
in the vast, inscrutable bosom of the sea,
their lives, their activities, their very
thoughts under the domination of the little
man with red hair. It was the law of the
sea. His will was law. To dispute it
placed a man in jeopardy of his life, for
in those days mutiny was tantamount to
high treason.

  But the crew and the passengers of the
Mary Russell had no reason to fear harsh
treatment. Stewart was known for his
kindliness and his ability. He was said
to be an excellent commander, while in
his private life he was known as a good
husband and father, sober and God-fear-
ing.

  On the first night out this admirable
man summoned the entire crew to his
cabin and there loosed a thunderbolt. The
men were not sure they could trust their
hearing.

  “Men,” said he, his little eyes darting
queerly from face to face, “I have reason
to believe that there are those among you
who plan mutiny 1”

  A cry of disbelief. Mutiny! The thing
was incredible. Every one of them had
clean records. They were honest, decent
seamen, intent only on earning a living,
not pirates and cutthroats. John Howes
stepped forward.

  “Good God, sir, there must be a mis-
take! I, for one, am loyal—”

  The little captain cut him off with an
imperious wave of his hand. “I have good
and sufficient reasons for my belief. I
have had a dream. In it God appeared to
me and warned me that that man—” His
finger shot out towards the baffled figure
of the passenger, Raynes—“is planning to
murder me and seize the ship!”

  Raynes, whose only fault was excessive
drinking, flung himself forward, babbling
protest. But Stewart, his eyes gleaming
strangely, went on, “Oh, I have other in-
dications. I have watched him all day. He
spends too much time in the fo’c’s’le. He
talks in Erse so that I won’t understand.
I heard him asking Howes here how to
navigate the ship.”

All the men were protesting violently
now. Stewart suddenly whipped out two
pistols and slapped them down on the
table before him. “I’ll hear no more. But
*

this is fair warning. The first man who
so much as whispers mutiny I’ll shoot
down like a dog. I mean to bring this
ship safely into Cork! Now go to your
posts, all of you.”

A ND thus dismissed, a group of sadly
bewildered, gaping men withdrew
from the captain’s cabin. It was clear to
all of them that something strange, ab-
normal was afoot, but what none knew.
As the night deepened a sense of appre-
hension, of hovering terror entered their
souls and they trod softly, all of them, as
though walking in a nightmare.
66

Dime Mystery Magazine

  As the days passed Stewart’s suspicions
grew increasingly violent. The most in-
nocent incidents and remarks he inter-
preted as indications of brewing mutiny.
Again he summoned the entire crew on
deck. They noticed that his eyes were
wilder, his gestures more violent. He
blazed at them.

  “I’m certain of it now! Some of you
are planning mutiny. Out with it. Con-
fess now and it will go easier with you,
I warn you.”

  The men stared helplessly from one to
the other and made no answer.

  “So that’s the way of it, eh ? Very well,
then, I’ll show you that you’ll never seize
this ship no matter what may become of
me.”

  So saying he ordered the boy, Deaves,
to fetch up all the ship’s instruments and
the log. He then took them into his own
hands and one by one flung them into the
churning sea.

  “Now, try to navigate the ship alone,
if you dare!”

  He pivoted on his heels and left them.

  To the modern reader it will seem odd
that the crew and passengers failed to take
immediate action. It would seem that,
believing themselves innocent, they would
force the captain to prove his charges or
remain silent. But such was the fear of
mutiny instilled in every man’s heart that
not one of them ventured to speak out.

  They did nothing and Stewart pro-
ceeded with his own devious plans. The
next morning the men noted with some
alarm that he had armed himself from
head to foot. He not only carried two
pistols, but a harpoon and a crowbar as
well.2

  It was on the night of June 18th that
the captain’s suspicions came to a head.
Smith, the chief mate, had occasion to
visit the storeroom several times for pro-
visions and tools. His footsteps awakened
the captain. He waited until dawn, then,
arming himself with a harpoon, ap-

proached the spot where Smith lay sleep-
ing, jolted him awake.

  He announced in an eerie, far away
voice, “It is well for you that you’re here
and not below with the crew. Otherwise
I would have to put you to death as a
mutineer.”

  Smith’s mouth worked soundlessly, but
sheer amazement kept him from speaking.

  Stewart shook the harpoon at him, rais-
ing his voice to a shrill scream. “You are
the chief instigator!”	*

  The din brought the others on deck.
They gathered around expressing their
innocence. And strangely a subtle change
came over the captain. He smiled and
observed soothingly, “I believe you. You
are all honest men except Smith. Tie him
up!”

  This the men hotly refused to do and
walked off. Stewart quivered with rage.
Here at last was overt mutiny! The more
he thought of it the more his fury mounted
until he was a trembling, purple-faced
fiend of rage. He backed against the rail,
his pistols cocked, clearly ready to shoot
the first man who dared show his face.

  Observing him at a distance in this ap-
palling excitement three of the men, Keat-
ing, Connell and Swanson went below and
confronted Smith.

  “Look here, old man,” Keating told
him, “the captain is beside himself with
anger. Just to placate him let us tie you
up. Then he’ll calm down and everything
will be peacefully settled.”

  At first Smith objected, then, thinking
it over, capitulated. He extended his hands
meekly and the three seamen trussed him
up. They then reported to Stewart. What
they had done appeared to please him. He
ordered them to place Smith on the floor
of the storeroom. This, too, they did and
from that moment on the captain person-
ally supervised the unfortunate mate.
Three times he visited him, once to test
the lashings, again to bring him some
food, and a third time, when he saw that
History’s Gallery of Monsters

67

the mate was suffocating in that airless
hole, to drill a vent in the ceiling.

  But still Stewart was not satisfied and
in his mind there seethed a plan which
remains among the most fantastic things
ever done by a seaman. Stewart fancied
himself as one man pitted against an entire
crew of mutineers and he determined to
sail the ship alone! He planned to tie up
every one of them!

HPHE brig was about four hundred miles
off Cape Clear and heading towards
the mouth of the English channel when
Stewart put the first part of this amazing
plan into action. First he must have ac-
complices, some one he could trust. All
the men, he firmly believed, were mutin-
ous. There remained only the three boys.

  In selecting them Stewart was cunning.
He knew how easily the minds of children
succumb to adventure, exciting respon-
sibilities. He began a shrewd campaign
to sell them the idea that he and they
must be the heroes of the occasion, must
wrest the ship from the mutineers and
bring it safely back to England. Although
the captain’s pale face and twitching hands
somewhat disquieted them, the boys were
soon convinced that the safety of the ship
lay in their hands.

  The captain was ready to strike. At two
o'clock on the afternoon of June 21st Con-
nell, one of the passengers, was informed
by Hammond that the captain wanted to
see him a moment in his cabin. Obediently
Connell went below, turned into the tiny
cabin. The fierce little man with red hair
faced him with a cocked pistol.

  “Confess,” he roared at him, “or I'll
blow your brains out!”

  Connell could only shake his head
dazedly. Stewart gave a signal, where-
upon Hammond and Richards rushed out
from a cabinet in which they had been
hiding and secured Connell’s legs and
arms.

  In this way six members of the crew

were decoyed into the captain’s cabin,
pinioned and flung, bound and helpless,
into the cramped, black hole where Smith
still lay. Stewart slammed the door shut.
They were alone in the dark.

  It was Smith who abruptly screamed
at them through cracked, parched lips,
“You bloody fools! Don’t you realize?
We are at the mercy of a raving maniac!”

TpOR the first time the shattering truth
exploded in their numbed brains. The
captain of that ship, the man who had
piloted crew after crew over the high seas,
was a dangerous, murderous fiend!

  Only a man accustomed to the sea can
appreciate the full horror of this. Be-
tween them and icy waters, fathoms deep
and haunted by killer monsters, were only
the frail boards of that little brig and on
the brig, in complete, God-like control of
their lives was a human monster, mad
and bloodthirsty, cunning and more vi-
cious than any shark or devil-fish of the
deep.

  Modern psychologists could no doubt
have diagnosed Stewart’s terrible mad-
ness. Here was a little man, a man who
was physically weak, obscure, a nobody
on land and at sea just an ordinary sailor.
Unquestionably from childhood he had
lieen the butt of stronger men’s cruel jests.
Here was a perfect clinical picture of the
paranoiac, maddened by a lifetime of per-
secution real or fancied and, with a meas-
ure of power thrust upon him, insanely
lusting to vent revenge. It is significant
that all the members of the Mary Russell’s
crew were bigger and more powerful than
Stewart.

  Two members of the crew still remained
at freedom, Howes and Murley. It was
not long before they, too, were cast into
the horrible hold beneath water level. That
left Stewart and the three boys in sole
control of the ship. The horror had only
begun.

  The torture of being confined in black-
68

Dime Mystery Magazine

ness, lashed by rough, biting rope was un-
bearable. Murley succeeded in partially
freeing his hands. When Stewart, on one
of his periodic visits to the storeroom, saw
this he devised an even more brutal tor-
ture. He obtained a long, thick rope and
fashioned it into seven nooses—Howes,
thought to be the most dangerous muti-
neer, had been lashed to the mast—which
he slipped around each prisoner’s neck.
He then secured the rope to staples ham-
mered into the deck so that to avoid
strangulation the men had to lie perfectly
still.

  The men realized at last with paralyz-
ing terror that they were doomed to re-
main thus until the ship reached port.
That would be in more than a week’s
time. No man could live a week under
those conditions. Already there limbs
were swollen and blackened. One of them,
Keating, had gone mad, shrieking hor-
ribly, foam flecking his lips. The hold
was being transformed into a howling
madhouse. Blood flowed from the men’s
bodies where the ropes cut the flesh and
more than one of them strained deliber-
ately against the noose to end their un-
bearable agonies. And with its bleeding,
screaming human cargo the Mary Russell
sailed on toward England.

A FTER he had tied the nooses Stewart
went up on deck to discover that
Howes had loosened his pinions. With a
final wrench he tore himself loose and
faced the captain. But he was unarmed.
Not so, Stewart, who gripped two pistols.

  “And now,” rasped the maniac men-
acingly, “will you confess to mutiny!”
“Never, you bloody fiend!” Howes
flung back at him.

  “Then I must tie you again.”

  “You’ll have to catch me first.”

  Howes wheeled and dashed down the
deck. Stewart emptied both barrels at his
retreating back. One missed. The other
smashed Howes thumb. The sailor

emitted a howl of pain and kept running.
Stewart reloaded and dashed after him.
The pistols barked again. And this time
a ball embedded itself in Howes’ thigh.
The man dropped to the deck, groaning
horribly. "Oh, God, God, there’s fire in
my entrails!”

  He lay still.

  Stewart motioned to the terrified boys
who had witnessed the entire scene. “He’s
dead,” he told them.

  Actually Howes was playing possum,
hoping that Stewart would leave him. But
his arm twitched involuntarily. Stewart,
seeing the movement, levelled his pistol
and shot point-blank. Lead ripped through
the man’s groin.

  He looked up helplessly at the captain.
“I’m done. That does it,” he said pite-
ously.

  “Oh, no,” the captain replied, “your
voice is still too strong. But I’ll take care
of that.”

  He thrust harpoons into the hands of
the boys and moved cautiously towards
Howes. There was still strength left in
the sailor’s arms. He struggled to his feet,
determined to make a fight for it. Ste-
wart went white with fear and backed
away. He called to the boys. “Strike!
Push your harpoons into him!”

  For an instant the bo_ys hesitated, ap-
pealed to Stewart. He screamed at them.
“Strike, I tell you!”

  Drugged by those long days of horror,
in mortal terror of the captain, they flung
themselves on Howes. The ensuing strug-
gle was fearful. Howes sprang aside and
leaped upon Stewart, bringing him to the
deck. His powerful hands closed over the
madman’s throat and he began to squeeze
the life from him. But the boys, pitifully
misguided, approached Howes from be-
hind, cracked down with the harpoons.
They tore deep gashes in his head and
back. His grip slackened and he crashed
backwards. And still he was not dead.
But Stewart was too frightened to finish
History's Gallery of Monsters

69

him off. He ran below and the boys fol-
lowed.

  Howes crawled away, bleeding from a
score of wounds, and collapsed among
some hogsheads of sugar in the hold.

OTEWART’S madness now reached its
climax. With Howes alive and hiding
some place aboard the danger of mutiny
appeared overwhelming. Something must
be done. It is evidence of Stewart’s utter
insanity that he now entered the hold
where seven men lay dying and delivered
a sermon of the most pious nature. He
declared that he held nothing against
them, that he loved them all, but it was
his bounden duty to protect his ship
against mutiny. He was even deeply
moved by their sufferings and offered to
release them if they would take the long-
boat and cast themselves adrift. They
gladly accepted.

  Stewart was about to free them when
fear again seized him. He surveyed them
sadly, bid them a tearful farewell and left
the hold. Their last hope was gone.

  But in his mad, twisted way Stewart
for a moment believed he was willing to
spare them if only the dangers of mutiny
could be avoided. Accordingly, as he
spied a sail, he signalled it, determined to
seek aid. This man, who had all but mur-
dered one sailor and was in the act of
murdering the others, actually signalled a
ship to rescue him!

  The ship hove to. Then, seeing the
empty decks, suspected a pirate-trap and
made off. The incident was to have a
ghastly effect. At first the captain be-
wailed his desperate plight. Then, think-
ing about it, suddenly came to the belief,
with a true madman’s logic, that the de-
parture of the ship was a sign from God,
a judgment upon the mutineers. The last
shred of reason snapped in his mind and
he became in that instant a wild, kill-
crazy fiend. He flung aside his pistols,
picked up a crowbar and burst into

the hold, followed by the three boys.

  His terrible cry echoed shrilly in that
Hell-hole. “The curse of God is on you
all!”

  With their last ebbing strength the
men strained at their lashings, tried to sit
up. The whites of their eyes gleamed
weirdly in the blackness. Stewart strode
up to the first man, raised the crowbar
and smashed it down on his skull. It en-
tered deep into his brain like a knife cut-
ting butter, sending blood cascading over
the floor-planks, spouting up into Ste-
wart’s sweat-glistening face. The man
fell backwards and again the crowbar de-
scended, mashing his nose, jaw, forehead
into an obscene horror of splintered bone
and flesh.

  A pitiful moaning, a last appeal for
mercy burst from the men’s throats. Stew-
art howled like a mad hyena, laughed
crazily. “You ruffians! I’ll kill you all!
You wanted to take my life; now I’ll take
yours!”

  The taste of blood had given a new
turn to his madness. Whereas first he was
concerned only with what he sincerely
believed was his duty. Now he craved
bloodshed for its own sake.

TTE WAS standing over the second
man, Connell. Eyes wide with terror
glared up at him. They maddened him,
those pinpoints of white flame. He
stabbed at them with the end of the crow-
bar. They drowned in sudden upswirl-
ing pools of crimson. Wielding his weap-
on like a medieval battle-axe, he slashed
back and forth, breaking Connell’s head as
though it were a flower-pot.

  Then Keating and Murley and Sullivan.
His craving for blood had accelerated. He
could not kill fast enough. He delighted,
thrilled in the unending fountain of blood,
lunging at them all haphazardly, striking
out at all of them.

  Raynes was the last, Raynes whom
Stewart had thought the original insti-
70

Dime Mystery Magazine

gator of the mutiny. He told him, “James,
I once put a curse on you. Now I take it
off.”

  The man implored mercy in the name
of God.

  “The devil is your God!” Stewart re-
plied and again the crowbar descended,
crushing through the man’s chest and jaw.

  Wildly Stewart looked around him.
The three boys who had witnessed the
butchery were cowering in the doorway,
whimpering. Stewart ignored them.

  His gaze rested on the mutilated bodies.
Suddenly a movement. What, not dead
yet ? He flung the crowbar from him and
took up an axe. He plunged himself into
a fresh frenzy of slaughter. He was like
a mad butcher loosed in a slaughter-
house. He literally chopped the battered
flesh around him into small bits until he
stood ankle-deep in blood, until brain and
bone and fragments of flesh had splat-
tered every inch of floor and ceiling.

  And still Captain Stewart’s blood-lust
was not sated. Howes and Smith were
still alive. That omission must be re-
paired. Changing the axe for a harpoon,
he repaired to that part of the deck below
which the chief mate lay. Smith had been
separated from the others the day before.

  During the entire massacre of his fel-
low-sailors he had heard the screams, been
deluged with their blood which had seeped
through the adjoining partition. And now
Stewart himself stood over his head, grim-
acing through the tiny airhole. It was
Smith’s turn.

  Stewart gripped his harpoon more tight-
ly and thrust it through the airhole at the
helpless mate. It sliced through his ears,
grazed his side, almost gouged out his
right eye. But Stewart was unable to ad-
minister a final, rending blow due to the
narrowness of the aperture. He went for
his axe and began enlarging the hole.
Meanwhile Smith, with a cleverness born
of desperation, managed to struggle over
to the side of the hole so that he no longer

lay directly beneath the savage harpoon
thrusts. Instead, the weapon penetrated
a pile of hides on which the mate had been
lying. Mistaking these for Smith’s body
he thrust again and again until he believed
the man was dead. He reached in, felt
something cold and withdrew his hand,
satisfied. He then nailed a board over
the opening.

  All but Howes had been murdered, or
so Stewart thought. He was unable to
find the seaman, and too exhausted to try.
Hunger and thirst clamored at his senses.
He ordered the boys to bring him food
and wine. He ordered them to bring
them to him in the stinking cabin where
lay strewn about the bloody remains of
the crew! And there he dined, calling the
boys’ attention to his steady hand.

  He boasted, “I think no more of these
carcasses than i f they were a pack of dead
dogs.”

/~\NE can imagine the condition of these
wretched lads. There was no longer
any illusions of adventure and heroism in
their minds. They knew Stewart was a
homicidal maniac and that they had un-
wittingly played his game for him. Yet
small and weak as he was, the captain
loomed in their sight as something mon-
strous beyond ken. They could only cow-
er in his shadow, prepared to do what-
ever he asked and pray that their own
lives would be spared.

  Meanwhile a series of events were
transpiring which, had Stewart been
aware of them, would have sent him into
a fresh frenzy of murder. Howes, ex-
hausted and still bleeding, had crawled out
of his hiding-place to find water. On the
deck he spied Stewart’s pistols and axe
left lying about. He appropriated them,
found the water and returned to the hogs-
heads. At the same time Smith was work-
ing himself free. Stewart had neglected
to remove his knife, thinking him dead,
and with this he pried loose the board
History*s Gallery of Monsters

71

over the opening, hoisted himself out and
joined Howes in the hold.

  Stewart was asleep. Following a heavy
meal he had fallen into a deep slumber,
surfeited as he was with blood and slaugh-
ter. He awoke with the dawn and im-
mediately a new suspicion seized him.
Could he trust the boys?

  It seems he had hung his watch over
his bunk. He had neglected to wind it
before going to sleep, but now it was run-
ning. To the captain’s deranged brain this
indicated that some one had crept into his
cabin during the night.

  There was no help for it. The boys
must be tied up. He found them in their
cabin and announced his intentions. They
went grey with terror. They knew what
it meant to be Captain Stewart’s prisoner.
He swore not to harm them, but he must
render them incapable of mutiny. They
prayed, sobbed. They would have at-
tacked him but he held them at bay with
a crowbar. Slowly he reached behind him
for a rope and beckoned to Deaves.

  “Come, you must submit.”

  The terrified boy moved forward as
though hypnotized. Once those ropes
were around him he knew he would be
battered to death by the crowbar. God,
was there no escape, no mercy from this
madman? Stewart advanced to meet him,
arranging the rope into a noose. He was
about to slip it over his head when a loud
cry of greeting rooted him to the spot.
He faltered an instant. In that instant
the boys’ lives hung in the balance.

  Then Stewart turned and dashed up on
deck. The cry had come from another
ship, the Mary Stubbs, bound for Belfast
from Barbadoes. Her commander hap-
pened to be an old friend of Stewart. He
was Captain Callender and his voice had
been raised in greeting. He had sighted
the flag of the Mary Russell at half-mast,
a sign of distress, and had hove to.

  Far from terror at the sight of Callen-
der, Stewart cried out with vast relief,

  “For God’s sake, come to my help!”
  “Wliat’s up?”

  “Mutiny! I’ve had to kill eight of my
men and one has escaped.”

/^ALLENDER ordered his men to low-
^ er a boat and he came aboard the
Mary Russell. What Stewart showed him
made him go sick and white with horror
—the decks washed with blood, the stench
of death and decay everywhere, the muti-
lated corpses below. And yet Stewart
convinced him that he had bravely downed
a mutiny. He even boasted of his courage.

  The two men then went in search of
Howes. They found him among the hogs-
heads. Callender started back appalled
when he saw the seaman’s face. It was an
unrecognizable mask of dried blood.
Howes called to Smith and the chief mate
crawled out of hiding. At sight of him
Stewart turned pale.

  “I thought you were dead,” he stam-
mered, and added uickly, “I now believe
you were innocent and I regret that I hurt
you. God spared your life.”

  But the next moment the spectacle of
Howes and Smith sent him into fresh
panic. He raved madly of mutiny until
they were removed to the hold.

  Callender was utterly baffled. He knew
both Howes and Stewart well. Whom
was he to believe? He decided in favor
of Stewart for he left him in full charge
of his ship and headed for home with the
brig close behind!

  For two days the ships sailed on to-
gether without incident. Then one morn-
ing Callender went aboard the Mary Rus-
sell to see how his old friend was getting
on. Callender had loaned him two of his
own crew and now Stewart drew him
aside and whispered mysteriously, “Your
men are plotting against me, too. We
must get rid of them.”

  Callender’s brow creased in sudden un-
easiness. “What are you talking about,
man ? Why, they’re my two most reliable
72

Dime Mystery Magazine

sailors. They’ve served me for years.”

  “No, I tell you,” Stewart shouted in
panic, “they’re mutineers!”

  He didn’t wait for Callender’s answer
but rushed towards the rail and leaped
into the sea. A boat was lowered and he
was dragged from a watery grave. On
deck he broke loose and again jumped
overboard. They saved him and this time
tied him up. There was no longer any
doubt in Callender’s mind. Stewart was
a madman.

  Callender was for leaving him impri-
soned on his own ship, but Howes and
Smith had supped their fill of horrors.
They would bring the brig into Cork, but
not with a raving maniac on board. Oblig-
ingly Callender had Stewart brought up
from the hold preparatory to transferring
him to his own ship. Stewart saw Howes,
immediately ducked below, returned with
a knife and leaped for the man’s throat.
He could not be calmed until both Howes
and Smith were out of sight. Then, fin-
ally, he accompanied Callender back to
the Mary Stubbs.

  Presently the Irish coast came into
view. As the Mary Stubbs approached
Cork harbor Stewart spied three Irish
sloops. He waited his opportunity—
humanely, Callender had not tied him up
again—and when no one was alert sprang
overboard and struck out for the first of
the sloops. Mist hung over the harbor and
he was soon lost to sight.

  They took him aboard and believed his
story that there were pirates aboard the
Mary Stubbs who had threatened his life.
But soon Stewart’s madness brought fur-
ther delusions. This time the crew of the

sloop were plotting against him. He gave
himself up to the water once more and
managed to reach a fishing-boat. In this
he reached land. By this time Callender
was ashore, too. Stewart was promptly
clapped into iron and lodged in the coun-
ty jail.

  The citizens of Cork crowded down to
the waterfront to see the ill-fated Mary
Russell with her dreadful cargo of putre-
fying corpses, her blood-drenched decks
and her half-maddened survivors. They
went wild with revulsion. A cry went up
against Stewart and among the mob were
anguished relatives of the victims.

  They would have lynched the little cap-
tain, but armed sheriffs kept them at bay.
He was finally committed for trial.3

  The outcome of that trial was a fore-
gone conclusion. The defense pleaded
“Not Guilty” by virtue of Stewart’s pat-
ent madness. The plea was accepted by a
nauseated jury.4 There was no alternative
but to send the monster to an asylum for
the criminal insane for the rest of his life.

  And it was long, that life. Stewart sur-
vived for twenty years. He was a model
inmate. He was at first so gentle that he
was allowed to teach children religious
exercises. Religion had always formed a
deep part of his madness. But fits of in-
sanity attacked him from time to time
when, in his mind’s eye, he reenacted his
fearful crimes. In his lucid moments he
was tortured with remorse. He prayed
constantly and read his Bible. Towards
the end of his life he said, “I cannot help
praying for the souls of my poor men.”

  But he died hard, as the bloody ghosts
of his victims passed before his eyes.

                         THE END

  IIt was the testimony of these three boys together with that of Howes and Smith which
revealed the events aboard the Mary Russell.

  2J. G. Lockhart in “Strange Adventures of the Sea” states that Stewart hailed a passing
ship, went aboard and procured these pistols in order, as he explained to the captain, to protect
himself against possible mutiny.

   8The trial was held at the Cork Assizes on August 11th, 1828.

   4The Trial of William Stewart for Murder on the High Seas.
Nymph of Damnation

ty WILLIAM
B. RAINEy

Cameron sought the wom-
an who could assuage
his racking torment.
Then one night her
alluring body
beckoned to
him. . ..

HERE’S a girl downstairs who
wants to see you.” Cameron's
wife said. “She’s a strange,
rather oriental looking girl.”

  John Cameron turned from the mirror
in front of which he had been knotting
his tie. For one second his red, perfectly
chiseled lips twitched, and in his dark eyes

there was a shadow that might have been
fear. “What does she want ? Who is
she?”

  “She wants to speak to you,” Jane
Cameron said. “Her name’s Nicki, or
something like that. A name I never
heard before.”

  “Tell her I’m not here,” Cameron said.

73
74

Dime Mystery Magazine

“Tell her I’m busy and can’t see her.”
His voice was brittle, his eyes black and
hard as coal.

  Jane Cameron frowned. She was a
pretty woman; all of Cameron’s women
were pretty, even those that he used
chiefly for their money. She wore an
evening dress that clung sleekly around
the smooth flowering of her hips. The
throat was cut low so that the tops of
white round breasts were visible, and the
shadowed valley between them. She said,
“I think you ought to see her, John. She
seemed anxious, and she knows you are
here. She insists on talking to you.”

  Cameron crushed out his cigaret vi-
ciously. “All right,” he said. '‘You stay
here.” He pulled on his coat, a tall, lean
darkly handsome man ; a man whom wom-
en found irresistably attractive; a man
without a masculine friend in the world.

TTE went down the stairs slowly, his
A red mouth set in a hard line. He was
not looking forward to this interview,
though he had experienced many of the
same nature with other women. But this
Nicki was like no woman he’d ever known
before. She seemed to have no last name,
and what nationality or race she was he
couldn’t say. There was something about
her which rather frightened John Camer-
on: some shadowy thing hidden behind
her face and beyond her eyes which he
had always felt without understanding.
He was relievedly glad that his affair
with her was over, though it had been
exciting while it lasted; almost too excit-
ing sometimes, for the woman’s gorgeous
dark-skinned body could burn with a
passion that was more than human.
There were some esoteric practices of
hers that had surprised, had frightened,
even John Cameron. But she had fur-
nished money when he had needed it
desperately. He was beyond that now.
He’d put her out and be rid of her.

  She waited in the livingroom, a tall,

slim, dark woman. Her eyes were almond
shaped, tilting upward at the outer ends,
but the pupils had a way of sometimes ex-
panding until they dominated the entire
face. It was then that Cameron could
feel the mystical, frightful force which
he could not understand. She was wear-
ing a long black cloak that covered her
from ankles to chin, but even now he
could feel the strange and terrible lure
of her body.

  “So now you are married, John Cam-
eron,” she said as he entered. Her voice
was low, yet clearly audible with a sound
that made him think of bells deep-buried
in darkness.

  He said, “Yes, I’m married now. You
and I are through, and you shouldn’t
come here. I will appreciate it if you
leave and never come back.”

  “You and I are not through, John
Cameron. And it may be that we shall
never be done with one another.” Her
voice had a sort of rhythmic quality that
angered the man.

  “We’re through!” he snapped. “Now
if you will get the hell out of here. ...”

  He stepped forward toward the door
but the girl glided swiftly into his path.
Her dark eyes held his. Her voice was
fierce with passion. She said, "John,
don’t send me away. John, look!” Using
both hands she opened the cloak wide
to either side of her.

  Except for the cloak she was utterly
naked. The soft light of the hallway
glowed on her golden-colored body. It
reflected on all the tapering curves on her
slim legs that rose into full, firm thighs,
on the smooth satin skin of her belly.
Her breasts were high on her body, large
and erect and firmly soft. Her lips were
parted and damp and quivering. “John,”
she whispered. She took a step toward
him.

  He felt the wild energy of her body that
had always frightened him and the fear
made him furiously angry. He grabbed
Nymph of Damnation

75

the cloak and jerked it around her.
“You tramp!” he said. “Get out of here!”
For a moment she stood rigid. Her
hands moved to hold the cloak. Her dark
eyes began to glow. “I shall leave, John
Cameron, but not before I have said the
things I came to say. You are a coward,
John Cameron, afraid to fight your way
against a world of men; you have used
women because they are easy for you.
Every step forward you have ever made
has been over the body and the heart
and the soul of some woman. You have
made love, but with your tongue only,
for you are incapable of worshipping
anything but yourself. You are a coward,
John Cameron, and. ...”

  “Get out of here!” Cameron shouted.
He stepped close to her, his face purpling
with fury.

  “ . . . and there must come a time
when you pay,” the girl said. “There
must ...”

  He struck her. It knocked her against
the wall and she stood there, swaying.
The print of his open hand showed livid
across her forehead, the bridge of her
nose, and even the eyelids.

 “Now get out of here,” Cameron
growled.

  The girl’s eyes were very large and
he had the weird impression that he could
see through them as through dark glass
to where something moved vague and in-
distinct and horrible. Then she turned
and was looking past him. She said,
“Do you love this man? Are you happy
with him?”

  Cameron swung about and saw that
Jane was standing in the doorway. “I
told you to wait upstairs,” he snapped.
“Now go back ...”

  “Not yet,” Nicki interrupted. And
looking at Jane she repeated, “Are you
happy ?”

  There were many emotions in Jane
Cameron’s lovely face: she was fright-
ened and in love with her husband and

ashamed of his actions all at once. She
had been married only a few days so that
the word “happy” in connection with
marriage still had a sexual connotation,
and she blushed slightly at the question.
She said huskily, “I love John very much.
I’m happy with him.”

  The dark girl said a strange thing
then, addressing her words to Jane, al-
though as she spoke she looked at Cam-
eron. “I give him to you,” she said—
“for eternity. He shall never be able
to loosen his soul from the soul he has
in his keeping. So long as your love
endures, so long as your happiness is
with him, so long he shall be as other
men. After that—he shall remember Nicki
and the hatred she bears for him. But
even then his only hope for relief shall
lie in you.” While she spoke the print
of his hand was livid over her forehead
and eyes.

  She turned, went to the door, opened
it, and stepped out into the night. She
went without sound, and for a long
while John Cameron and his wife re-
mained motionless, staring after her.

A YEAR after he had married Jane,
Cameron was ready for his next up-
ward step. All her money was in his
name now. And he’d found Marian
Reynolds, a beautiful, redhaired woman
whose fortune would make the small one
he had from Jane seem pitiful. Besides,
Marian could give him the place in so-
ciety that he wanted. He knew that he
could win her; already she had given
him everything except the money and
social position which would come with
marriage. All that remained was to get
a divorce.

  He located a detective agency that spe-
cialized in such cases. Pete McCorv was
a big, square-jawed Irishman who did
not care for man or God or the devil.
“And sure,” McCory said, “we’ll get
evidence against her and ’twil be no judge
76

Dime Mystery Magazine

living won’t commend you for divorcing
her.”

  “It won’t be easy,” Cameron said.
“She’s a damned plaster saint.”

  “And were she the Mother Mary we
could frame her,” McCory told him. “Give
me two weeks to learn her habits and
its a quick divorce you’ll be getting. But
there's a price.”

  “Of course,” Cameron said. “I expect
to pay.” He smiled thinly, thinking that
it was Jane's money that would buy
her ruin.

  It was on his way home through the
lale twilight that his head began to ache,
a dull throbbing in his forehead that
spread down into his eyes. He stopped
at a drugstore for aspirin, but it didn’t
help. “I feel as though I had been read-
ing too much,” he thought. But he hadn’t
been reading at all. There seemed to
be no reason for the pain.

  And with the pain came a strange
fierce passion. He was not usually an
ardent man; love making was more a
means to wealth and position than an
end in itself with John Cameron. But
now he began to feel the restless urgent
desire of a boy reaching puberty. He
looked with furtive eyes at the women
on the street.

  His wife was not at home when he
arrived. The maid said she'd gone out
early in the afternoon without leaving
any word. Cameron shrugged. “Very
well,” he said. “I won’t be home for
dinner anyway.”

  “Yes sir,” the girl said. As she turned
away he noticed the smooth flow of her
dress over her hips and he called to her
and stepping forward put his hand on the
curve of her thigh.

  She was French and had been trying
to make Cameron since she first came
to work here. But always he had been
very cautious. Now she made an “oohing”
sound and turned and looked up at him
with twinkling eyes.

  Cameron said, “You know, you are
awfully pretty.” He leaned forward as
though he was going to kiss her.

  It was then the girl looked into his
eyes for the first time and all at once
her expression changed. It might have
been terror that swept over her face. “I
—I’ve got to go in the kitchen,” she
said. She turned and almost ran from
the room.

  Cameron started after her, then remem-
bered Marian Reynolds and decided to
wait. He was puzzled at his own unusual
desire. And he wondered what had caused
the maid to change her mind so sudden-
ly, had caused that look of terror. But
that must have been some trick his own
eyes were playing, he thought. He
damned the dull ache in his head. He had
particularly wanted to feel well tonight
when he was seeing Marian.

  He bathed and got into his dinner
clothes, but the pain continued. “I'll take
some more aspirin before I leave,” he
thought. “It may help.” He was stand-
ing in front of the bathroom mirror, a
glass and aspirin bottle in his hands,
when he noticed his reflection. His breath
caught high in his chest then; his lips
grew cold against his teeth. He leaned
closer to the mirror.

  Across his forehead, across the bridge
of his nose, and down across his eyelids
there was a faint discoloration the shape
of a human hand—such a print as might
have been left by someone slapping
him. . . .

A LONG-CLOSED door opened with-
in his memory and it seemed to him
that he was staring once more at the
almond-eyed girl Nicki, seeing the print
of his hand on her forehead, hearing her
voice like a bell buried in darkness: “So
long as your happiness is with him, so
long shall he live as other men. After
that—he shall remember Nicki. But even
then his only hope for relief shall lie in
Nymph of Damnation

77

you.” What strange words were these?

  A long while John Cameron looked
into the past, seeing and hearing the
woman he had forgotten. His body was
rigid, and beads of sweat mushroomed
on his forehead, but that portion covered
by the print of a hand was dry and white.

  Finally he moved like a man breaking
out of a trance. He staggered. His mouth
was open and he gulped for breath. “I’m
a damned fool,” he said aloud. “I'm let-
ting my imagination run away with me.
I have a headache and I’ve been pushing
my hand against my forehead. That’s
all.” He washed his face in cold water,
rubbing at the spot where the print
showed. But the mark of the hand stayed;
the pain behind the forehead and eyelids
did not cease.

  It was now, steeling his nerves, study-
ing himself carefully, that he noticed his
eyes. There was no change in them of
which he could be certain, and yet there
was a change. A difference in expression
rather than in color or shape. For the
first time he was able to see through
his eyes into some portion of his real
character. And what he saw was not
pleasant.

  The pain behind his eyes continued des-
pite the medicine he’d taken. He won-
dered why, feeling so depleted physically,
he should experience such an unusual,
almost agonizing, desire for women. He
finished dressing and drove rapidly to
Marian Reynold’s apartment on upper
Riverside.

  He was panting heavily when the maid
opened the door for him. He stepped
just inside the room, stopped, stood there
rigidly waiting. From the bedroom Ma-
rian called, “Just a minute, Darling.”
The maid went out. Then Marian came
in from the bedroom.

  If that minute had been used to put
on clothes, she could have started with
nothing and not have had to rush. She
was wearing a sheer negligee through

which the shadowed outlines of her body
were clearly visible. The garment was
held around her waist by a loosely tied
belt and from there up it stood open.
He could see the gorgeous full mounds
of her white breasts, erect and trembling
slightly from her breathing. Her red
hair hung loose, thick about her face and
shoulders.

  For a moment they stood on opposite
sides of the room looking at one another.
Cameron was in the shadows near the
door. She whispered, “John, Darling,”
and they moved swiftly together.

  He could feel all the warm quivering
flesh of her body through the thin gown,
could feel her breasts flatten against him.
His mouth came down hard and fierce
upon hers. She trembled, ground herself
against him. “John,” she whimpered.
“John. . . . ” ‘

TTE lifted her in his arms and started
toward the sofa And it was then
she saw his face clearly in the light. She
cried out and her body jerked in his
arms. But he did not stop. He was
lowering her on the sofa, leaning above
her.

  She tried to push him away. Her face
was working with terror. “No! Don’t
John! Not tonight.”

  “Why?” he demanded. He was pant-
ing, holding her fiercely. “Why not ?”

  “I—I don’t know. I—Please!”

  He fought to hold himself in check.
He couldn’t afford to anger her, not yet.
After ihe marriage, after all her wealth
was in his name. . . . He’d kill her for
having held him off now. But until
then. . . . There were plenty of other
women. . . .

  He left early. At the door he did not
kiss her, did not even touch her hand.
There was something wrong tonight.
And there was the terrible pain in his
head, the growing fear in his chest that
he could not conquer. “I’m sick,” he
78

Dime Mystery Magazine

told himself. “There’s no need for me to
keep remembering Nicki and what she
said. That’s absurd.”

  His wife was not at home when he
got there. He looked alxiut for the maid,
but she wasn't there either. Well, he'd
wait until Jane came. He undressed and
went to bed.

  But the pain in his forehead continued
and he didn’t sleep well although, after
awhile, he took a mild opiate. He lay
in the dark and was afraid. He wanted
Jane but she didn't come and he had no
idea where she was.

  The next morning Jane was still gone.
The maid did not answer his ring and
he called down stairs for the Negro cook
to bring his breakfast. It was a half
hour before she arrived with the tray.

  She was a fat, goodnatured Negro
woman. “I sho am sorry you ain't
feelin’ spry dis mawnin’,” she said, put-
ting the tray on a small table and push-
ing it toward him. “Miss Jane ain’t
here and the Lawd knows where she is.
You gotta gel up and do som'en, Mr.
John.”

  “I’ll find her,” Cameron said. “She’ll
be all right.” Then he asked, “Where’s
the maid? Why didn’t she answer my
ring?”

  “She ain’t here. She Ief’ las’ night in
a powerful hurry like she was scared
of some'um. And she ain’t come back.
I don’t—” The cook had the tray beside
him and for the first lime raised her
eyes to his face. She stiffened and almost
overturned the table. “Lawd! Mistur
John, what. ...”

  Instinctively Cameron moved his hand
to his forehead He said huskily, “I got
hit on the forehead yesterday. Left an
odd sort of mark, didn't it?”

  “Hit—hit sho do look funny,” the
cook said. She kept backing toward the
door. “I come git the dishes later.” Then
she was gone.

  Cameron got out of bed, still holding

his hand against his forehead. The pain
was there, dull and steady, like some-
thing gnawing its way through his skull.
He crossed to the bathroom and faced
the mirror.

  He swayed and caught at the lavatory.
Some invisible vise closed on his chest,
crushing it. Perspiration came thick
along his lip and under his eyes.

  The print of a hand was still clear on
There was a darker spot between his
eyes and when he touched it with a
finger it hurt. "It’s sore,” he whispered.
“I must have bruised myself. It's sore
as hell.”

T^HE bruise must have affected his eyes.

    They seemed closer together than lie-
fore, so that he studied them as one rather
than separately. There was no change
in their color, but once more he had the
impression of seeing through them into his
real character, into a place as cold and
savage as the Eskimo hell. Except that he
was no longer emotionally cold. Desire
had dug hot fingers into him and tor-
mented him constantly. He was beginning
to understand the feeling tliat drives sex
criminals insane and makes them attack
women on the streets.

  He turned from the mirror, staggering.
He readied the bed and lay there a long
while thinking of Nicki and the last
words she had spoken.

   “I’ve got to find Jane,” he said at last,
getting to his feet. “I've got to find her!”
He wanted her now as he never had in
his life, physically and because of the
curse. He could clearly remember Nicki's
voice saying, “His only hope for relief
shall lie in you.”

  He telephoned the police, then Mc-
Cory, the detective. “I’m not so inter-
ested in evidence for a divorce now,” he
said. “1 just want to find her. Find her
and bring her here, quick.”

  He thought the cook might be able
to add some small clue that would help,
Nymph of Damnation

79

and he went downstairs to speak to her.
She was not there. Pots still rested on
the kitchen stove, and the gas was burn-
ing. There were dishes in the sink, but
the hook where she always placed her
hat was vacant. The suitcase-like purse
which she carried was gone.

  They had employed only two servants.
Cameron was alone in the house now.
Silence flowed in deep currents around
him.

T^HAT afternoon Cameron visited a doc-
tor. The man touched him, cautiously,
with rubber gloves, prescribed, and sent
him away. “If the pain keeps up,” he
said, “you better see another doctor. I—
I don’t think I can help you much.” Cam-
eron knew that he was afraid.

  That night he tried to pick up a woman
on the street. She was dressed for her
profession: a skirt that clung tight over
her hips so that every curve came through,
the cloth wriggling like skin as she moved;
a blouse open low enough to show her
breasts and ready to be opened further.
Her face was heavily made up, but pretty
in a hard bold way. And she had a
figure that offered a lot of fun. Cam-
eron pulled his car over to the curb and
called to her.

  She came willingly enough, hips sway-
ing, breasts jiggling free of any restraint.
And Cameron felt desire that was like
fire rush through him. His hands shook.
He could scarcely breathe.

  She said, “Hello, Baby,” and leaned
over the door of his car. Her dress
swayed open. He gasped and reached for
her and she giggled but made no move
to draw away. “So you’re in a hurry,”
she said.

  It was then a car turned the corner
and its lights swept over Cameron’s face.
For one second the girl stared, wild eyed.
And then she screamed and jumped back-
ward. But Cameron was frantic. He
held to her, ripped her dress, leaped out

of the car after her. She kept screaming,
fighting him until her clothes were torn
from her.

  A car had stopped and persons were
running forward. Cameron leaped back
into his automobile. The motor was still
running and he tore down the street.
He was sobbing, shaking all over.

  As days passed the mark of the hand
turned darkly purple; the sore between
his eyes was a hole eating into his fore-
head, and more and more his eyes seemed
to merge, to become a window of dark
glass beyond which the cold and cowardly
brutality of his soul was visible. Doctors
looked at him and turned away, shudder-
ing.

  Within two weeks he gave up hope of
finding Jane. She had vanished as com-
pletely as smoke. Frantically Cameron
turned to science for help.

  Time passed, and the man, lashed by
terror, remembered it only in whirling,
kaleidoscopic scenes, blurred pictures as
from a jerky, oldfashioned cinema. There
were doctors, dark-furnished consultation
rooms, men in white coats with fear show-
ing plainly in their eyes. There was the
maddening, sickening pain under his skull,
the pain that was driving him crazy.
There were the white corridors of hos-
pitals and other doctors, old bearded men
with names that science bowed to; and
there was the start and shock when they
saw him, and the horror that came into
their faces. There were white operating
rooms, nurses white and silent as ghosts,
the smell of anesthetics, the gleam of
knives. And always there was the pain
gnawing its insane way through his face.

  And always there was the insane desire
for women. He would buy them to come
to him, making the arangements over the
phone, keeping in a dark room, watching
their bodies grow white as they undressed
before him. And then as his arms went
around them they would see his face and
tear free, screaming.
80

Dime Mystery Magazine

  There was the vision of himself in
mirrors, unchanged by operations, no
scars left by the knives, but always the
same purple print of the hand and the
sore that was making his eyes into one.

  Doctors, a long, seemingly endless whirl
of them. Money being paid out, always
money. And then there were doctors no
more. He had no faith in science now.
There were high vaulted rooms, expensive
dark decorations, the soft voices of the
mediums. There was the thin, esthetic
face of the spiritualist staring back in
terror, the man’s long hands held upright
between them. There was the voice say-
ing, “It is a woman. She has been close
to you. I cannot see her now, but you
must find her. Only she can help you.”

  There was the intense darkness, the
vague, ghostlike face that might have
been Jane’s, the voice crying, “Gone . . .
gone » . . but only she can help.”

TTE remembered asking questions: of
spiritualists, of fakers, of police and
dectective departments, of persons on the
street: coming up to them while they
started in horror, crying out, “Tell me.
Have you seen her? My wife. I’ve got
to find her! I’ve got to find her!” There
were jails, steady-voiced men asking him
questions, asylums and barred windows;
then an open door and racing into the
night. “Jane! Jane!! I can’t stand this
hurting any longer 1” And there were
attacks on women on the street wild, in-
sane with desire, a sex-mad animal.

  There was hunger and long nights of
walking, of asking passersby for money, of
seeing them toss him a dime before they
turned and went too swiftly away. There
were cheap, slovenly fortune tellers. Most
of them told him nothing. He remem-
bered only those who repeated the phras-
es; a woman . . . you must find her . . .
no one else will help. . . .

  And finally there was the old Negro
man. Perhaps he could help to find—

  Cameron found him without knowing
how. There was one room, unbelivably
filthy, down an alley in a city the name
of which he did not know. The man
was old as time, without hair and without
eyes, it seemed, there in the murky gloom
where he sat among a pile of dirty quilts
upon the floor.

  Cameron stood before him, crazy with
the agony in his body. “Tell me,” be
begged. “Where is she ? I’ve got to find
her.”

  There was no fear in the Negro’s face.
Perhaps it was because he was blind and
could not see that which had frightened
the others. He sat among his blankets,
swaying, humming some kind of gibber-
ish through toothless gums. “Where is
she?” Cameron shouted. “Tell me! Tell
me!”

  The Negro ceased to sway; the hum-
ming faded gently from his lips. A long
while it was silent in the semi-dark.
With blind eyes the old man looked past
Cameron, past the clapboard walls of the
hovel, past time and humanity. And
quietly he spoke: “She is dead. She left
your house one spring evening while you
talked to a big blond man, a detective,
and asked him to put her in the dozens.
She went to the railroad depot, and she
took a train to Birmingham. She took
some poison out of her pocketbook and
she drank it. Nobody knew who she was
and they buried her in the poorground.”

  Cameron did not feel the pain in his
head then. His hands were clenched so
that blood oozed around his nails, but he
did not know. “She—she committed sui-
cide?” he said at last.

  “She killed herself,” the Negro said.
“There ain’t but one way you can reach
her: you got to kill yourself. Folks who
die by their hand don’t go to heaven
and they don’t go to hell. She the only
one who can help you, and you got to
kill yourself to reach her.”

  The sound of Cameron’s breathing was
Nymph of Damnation

81

harsh against the gloom. “I’ll kill my-
self,” he said. “I can’t stand this pain
any longer. I’ll kill myself.”

  The Negro was humming his gibberish
and swaying when Cameron went out.
He had forgotten the white man and his
trouble.

TT was not easy for John Cameron to

  commit suicide. “I’ve got to,” he kept
telling himself. “I can’t stand this agony
any longer. I can’t live much longer like
this—and if I die naturally. ...” Sui-
cide was the unforgivable sin; those who
took their own lives went neither to heav-
en nor to hell. Even after death there
would be no relief for Cameron, he be-
lieved, unless Jane granted it. And Jane
had killed herself because of him. Only
through suicide could lie reach her and
get released from agony.

  But Cameron was a coward. When he
stood face to face with death his muscles
turned watery and he could not move.

  There was a river in this city, a great
muddy stream, and Cameron stood upon
the levee looking down at it. The pain
under his skull was beyond bearing; it
seemed to be ripping his brain into shreds.
There in the swirling water was relief.
“I’ve only to jump in,” he whispered, "to
go down. . . . It’ll be easy to die.” But
his whole body trembled at the thought.

  Later he was in the small, filthy room
where he lived. There was a piece of
wire tied to a beam in the ceiling, and
standing on a chair Cameron tied the
other end of the wire around his neck.
“I’ll do it this time,” he said aloud. “I’ll
step forward and kick the chair over as
I swing.

  He had trouble twisting the wire so
that it wouldn’t come loose, because his
fingers were stiff and wet with perspira-
tion. They slipped and he broke his fin-
gernails. But he did not feel the pain
because of the terror inside his heart and
agony in his body. Once he stopped.

“I’ll get down and rest for a moment,”
he said. “I’ve got to.”

  But he forced himself to stay in the
chair and keep working at the wire. It
seemed to be years during which his
fingers fumbled close to his neck. “It
would be easy to die some other way,”
he thought. "I’ll be glad if someone
would shoot me, if an automobile hit me
on the street.” But he was certain that
accidental death would not bring him to
Jane. Suicide was his only way.

  At last the wire was ready. The floor
seemed to swim in mist thousands of feet
below him. Blood flowed into his face and
his heart was cold. And then the door of
the room opened and he turned and saw
her!

  It was Nicki. Her dark hair was thick
about her face. Her lips were parted and
damp and amorous. She whispered, “John,
darling.”

  She was beautiful as no human being
should be beautiful. Her body seemed to
glow like lighted amber. Her breasts
stood out from her body, superbly shaped
and firm, quivering now as though the
hand of desire had stirred them. “John,”
she whispered, “come to me.”

  He cried out hoarsely and stepped for-
ward. He had forgotten that he stood
upon the chair. He plunged downward. A
scream started in his throat and then he
reached the end of the wire and the scream
cut short.

  He clutched at the wire over his head,
trying to pull himself up. He tried to rip
at the twisted end of the loop. His body
writhed snakelike, jerking, twisting, con-
vulsing. His bulging eyes saw the closed
door. There was no one in front of it
now, perhaps there had never been any-
thing but a vision.

  An accidental death wouldn’t. . . .

  His movements grew more gentle. A
shudder ran through him.

  After that he hung motionless except
for a slight swaying to and fro.
Monster of His A4alcins

ly HENRY
 TREAT
 SPERRY

With his own hands Dr. Kelland
had created this monster of sad-
ism, and now he was paying
for it . . . paying with the
life’s blood of his only
daughter!

Doctor james icelland

held his arms stiffly in front of
him, his hands still dripping with
carbolic solution while Ronald Eccles, his
young assistant, helped him into his oper-
ating smock.

  “Read me the card on this next case,
Ronald,” he said as the interne tied the
cord about his waist. “It’s a cardiac sorne-
thing-or-other, isn’t it ?”

  “Yes.” Eccles crossed to a small wood-

82

en file resting on a tile-topped table in the
corner, while his senior wearily tried to
push back a stray lock of grey hair from
his forehead with his upper arm, care-
fully avoiding touching it with his hand.

  Eccles thumbed through the file for a
moment and extracted a pink card and
read, “ ‘Carlos Cafarelli, aged nine. Clinic
patient for the past six months. Primary
diagnosis, aneurism. Doctors McFee and
Haggard saw the patient on the next visit
Monster of His Making

83

and postulated an auricular leak from a
feeble diastolic murmur.’ They note: ‘Not
precisely characteristic, and all other ele-
ments of the syndrome are lacking. Sug-
gest that Dr. Kelland’ . . .”

  “Yes, yes,” murmured the surgeon, a
bit of the weariness leaving his face, “I
remember, now, Ronald. A puzzling and
interesting case. Do you know, I still
haven’t the faintest idea of what’s wrong
with the boy. He’s an orphan—was sent
here because he had been complaining of
slight pains in his chest. Perhaps I am
opening myself to censure for this, but I
must have a look into that lad’s midriff.
Something decidedly wrong—something
very strange. If I told you what I sus-
pect, you’d think me mad.”

  The older man suddenly halted as he
noticed that his assistant was looking at
him strangely. “Never mind,” he mur-
mured. “See if the anesthetist is ready.”

  Five minutes later the surgeon stood
above a small, sheet-covered body on a
long operating table. In the glare of the
powerful lamps his face was tightly
drawn, hawklike, as he gazed down at the
pale, brown countenance of his small
patient. At a barely perceptible sign, a
nurse on either side of the table pulled the
sheet down, baring the boy’s body to the
hips, then one of them quickly swabbed it
with antiseptic from throat to navel. The
surgeon held out a rubber-gloved right
hand, and instantly a gleaming scalpel was
thrust into it by the nurse standing on
his right. Dr. Kelland bent above the
body and the knife moved swiftly, was
instantly tossed into a shallow tray con-
taining a colorless liquid which stood on
a stand at his left. The surgeon stepped
back. A long red line had appeared on
the boy’s bare, brown body, extending
from a little to the left of his breastbone
straight down the longitudinal plane for
a distance of eight inches.

  Instantly EceJes, the interne, and a
nurse bent over the body, closing the

bleeding points with clamps, swabbing
away the blood, leaving a gaping opening
in the small torso. They moved like sol-
diers at drill, every movement precise,
timed.

  The nurse on the doctor’s right had
the next scalpel ready. It was time for
the transverse section. She wondered why
the doctor hesitated, why he didn’t thrust
out his hand to receive the instrument.
She was never to know. She looked at
the surgeon’s face, still bent over the small
body, and came perilously near screaming.
She had never seen such an expression on
a human face before. It was as if the doc-
tor was looking, not at the body of a cliild,
but at a demon from hell!

  Suddenly the surgeon gave a choked
gasp. He looked up, glaring about at his
assistants with a white, drawn face and
staring eyes, as though he had never seen
them before. “Get out!” he whispered
hoarsely, at last. “Get out—all of you!"

  The interne gave voice to a half-formed
exclamation of surprise and protest, but
another look at the surgeon’s face stopped
him. Abruptly he turned on his heel and
walked out of the room, followed by the
fluttering startled nurses.

T^OR perhaps a quarter of a minute after
the door had closed behind them,
Doctor Kelland stood with his eyes fixed
on space. It was as though he were pre-
paring himself to look again into the small
fleshy pit which lay open before him, and
at last the color came back a little to his
parchment cheeks, his breathing became
normal. He bent again above the boy’s
body.

  But this time there was no hesitation
or evidence of emotion about his conduct.
He was once more the nerveless, precise
surgeon, save that as he worked, en-
larging the wound with section after sec-
tion, he murmured half-audibly to him-
self:

   “It’s impossible, against nature. But it’s
84

Dime Mystery Magazine

true. This vena cava shows considerable
swelling here. That would correspond to
the right auricle. That’s its function—it
must be. . . . Then the coronary artery,
here, takes the place of the ventricles.
And the vagus nerve is shrivelled to
nothing—yet it functions—it must. . .

  His all but inaudible murmurings
ceased, and for fully fifteen more minutes
he worked, feverishly. Then he suddenly
dropped the last scalpel in the pan of anti-
septic, which by now had taken on a pink
tinge. He washed the wound, dressed it
and applied bandages, passing them round
and round the patient’s tiny form. At last
he finished and straightened up, looking
down at the child on the operating table
with a strange look of awe on his hawk-
like features.

  “It’s incredible—unheard of!” he mur-
mured. “What sort of creature are you,
my lad? What manner of being will you
become when you grow into manhood—
you who have no heart ?’

  But if the good surgeon could have had
his question answered at that moment, the
scalpel in his hand would have plunged
downward—to bury itself in the small
chest that was without a heart.

*	* *

Twenty-five Years Later

*TTHE offices of Dr. Carl Cardell were as
softly lighted, somberly gleaming, and
altogether colorfully impressive as mod-
ern decorators, muralisfes and surgical
supply houses could make them. In the
anteroom, where many an important per-
sonage had cooled his heels awaiting Dr.
CardeH's convenience, were a number of
luxuriously overstuffed divans and chairs
lined against the walls. In one of the
smaller chairs sat a man whose aged face
showed the signs of all but unbearable
grief and anxiety. His haunted eyes roved
about the room, lighting with fierce hope
whenever the immaculately pretty nurse

at the reception desk lifted her inter-office
phone, and dulling miserably whenever
she nodded to someone else.

  But at last the old man’s turn came,
and he almost sprang to the door into the
private office in response to the nurse’s
signal. He passed through it quickly, and
it swung noiselessly shut behind him as
he stood just inside the entrance, his faded
old eyes fixed on the darkly handsome
young man who sat behind the great wal-
nut desk.

  “So,” said the young man with no sign
of emotion in his voice, “we meet again,
Doctor Kelland.”

  The old man did not reply for several
moments. He stood there, his white, bony
hands hanging lankly at his sides, their
fingers trembling slightly in response to
the storm of emotions which was racking
his old body.

  “Yes, Carlos,” he said at last m a low,
quavering voice.

  The young man’s face darkened. “My
legal name is Carl Cardell, Doctor Kel-
land,” he snapped. “The change, as you
know, has been registered in Washington.
But perhaps you have decided to capital-
ize on your knowledge of my past. May-
be you have thought of a way to fill the
purse which your incompetence as a sur-
geon has emptied. . . .”

  A wry smile twisted the old man’s thin
lips. “That’s like you,” he said. “You
would think that.”

  The young man’s shoulders moved im-
patiently. “What do you want?” he said
harshly. “I’m busy, Kelland.”

  Unbidden the ohd surgeon sank into a
chair and sighed as he passed a shaking
hand over his forehead. “It’s about Helen,
Carlos. You read about her accident?”
CardeH’s eyes suddenly quickened with
interest. He leaned forward. “Helen?
What accident ?”

  “About a month ago—while she was
driving down from Greenwich. There had
been a sleet storm. She went off the road
Monster of His Making

85

just below Peekskill. She got a few
bruises and a bad shaking up, but noth-
ing serious—we thought. Then ten days
ago she began limping. The X-rays show
a fractured patella. . .

  The old man’s eyes raised appealingly
to the young surgeon’s. "We’ve had our
differences, Carlos. But surely you're fair
enough to admit that I had great provoca-
tion for whatever I did to you. . .

  Suddenly Kelland shuddered and broke
off. God! This was worse than he had
dreamed it would be. He was talking to
this man in the terms a father might use
to cajole an erring son. Erring! Murder
—sadism. . ..

  His sick mind whirled back through
the years, back to the day when he, the
then famous surgeon, Doctor James Kel-
land, had lifted the small, brown, weirdly
functioning body of Carlos Cafarelli from
the operating table, carried it into a pri-
vate room and placed it on a cot. He had
stood there for a long time gazing down
at the boy.

  A human being without a heart! Not
really, of course—but with an attenuated,
almost vestigial heart, like a fish or a
snake. And that shrivelled vagus nerve.
Obviously it performed its pneumogastric
functions efficiently enough—but could it
be that its attenuated condition was trace-
able to a neurotic disfunction? We say
that the heart is the seat of the emotions
simply because the rhythm of the heart is
affected by the emotions of the brain, via
the vagus nerve. And through the heart,
the whole body is affected by every emo-
tion we experience.

  Would this child prove immune to the
physiological reaction of emotion ? And if
he should—what a surgeon he would
make! His would be a steadier hand than
ever a human being possessed before.
His would be an intellect clear and cold,
aloof from the emotions which make cow-
ards and bunglers of us all. His would be
the icy fearlessness which penetrates fron-

tiers with as much assurance as though
they were long-familiar territory. . . .

  Again the old surgeon’s gaunt body
twitched with a spasm of revulsion. But
he mustn’t let the man before him sus-
pect what was going on in his brain, if
he could help it. Helen’s life would be
ruined if Cardell refused to take her case.
Only Cardell could give her back the use
of her right leg—save her from the life-
long tragedy of being a cripple. . . .

  There was a faint smile on Cardell's
chiseled lips; his eyes, as always, were
utterly devoid of expression.

  “Save your breath, Kelland,” he said
tonelessly. “I wouldn’t lift a hand to save
her if she were dying.”

CLOWLY the blood drained from the
^ old surgeon’s face, his hands clenching
the arms of his chair until they were
waxy white. But he had expected this.
Why should he feel this ghastly, over-
whelming rage against the man before
him? He was not a man, really, he was
an intelligent beast, nothing more.

  It was no use. The heartless, cruel
words aroused in the old surgeon’s breast
the wild desire to kill, to rid the earth
of the soulless monster before him. . . .
And yet, it was a monster which was
partially of his own creation!

  It took Doctor Kelland several mo-
ments to gain mastery over his emotions,
but at last he was able to command a
tone which was a pitiable mimicry of Car-
dell’s icy aloofness.

  “Of course, I expected this sort of a
response from you, Carlos,” he said. “You
can never forget that Helen always hated
you, repulsed all your advances as she
would those of an ape—thank God. But
naturally I didn’t come to you without
weapons. You asked awhile ago if I had
come to capitalize on my knowledge of
your past. I have decided to, Carlos, but
I do not ask for money—I ask for my
daughter’s happiness. That is the price of
86

Dime Mystery Magazine

my continued silence. Years ago I would
have denounced you, had I not been ob-
sessed with my ambition to make you the
greatest surgeon of history. I have con-
doned murder, Carlos, in the name of that
ambition, and now it is time for you to
repay me.”

  A silence fell after Doctor Kelland's
last words, and for many long moments
the men stared at each other. Cardell's
face, as always, was completely devoid of
emotion, but in the depths of his dark
eyes something that had been slumbering
was quickening to life.

  “A cracked patella,” he said at last, “is
hardly beyond the skill of the average
surgeon.”

  The old practitioner ignored the heavy
irony of the young man’s tone. “It is a
bad fracture,” he said, shaking his grey
head wearily. “You know as well as I
that it is one spot where the slightest
error results in permaanent stiffening of
the joint.” Suddenly his lean hands
knotted into fists, came down with pas-
sionate vehemence on the arms of the
chair. “By God, Cafarelli,” he cried, “you
are going to do this thing—or you are
going to the electric chair. The mangled
bodies of two girls, now buried in Pot-
ter’s Field, will rise up at my bidding and
blast you to hell. Don’t forget that! I’m
not asking you to save Helen from being
a cripple. ... I’m commanding you to
do it. And God help you if you aren’t
successful!”

  The old man had risen to his feet, and
stood there shaking like a wind-blown
reed. The young man continued to look
at him calmly, but the thing which lay
at the back of his eyes was fully alive,
now, a crawling worm of light which two
young women had watched with depth-
less horror as their pain-blasted bodies
had slowly sunk into the release of death.

  “Very well, Doctor,” he said quietly.
“It is imperative that I be at my lodge in
the Poconos early tomorrow morning. I

am trying out some new elaborations of
Dr. W. S. Baer’s method of treating mar-
row infections in my laboratory up there.
If you don’t object to driving Helen up,
some time in the early afternoon.”

  His tone was precisely the same as he
would have used to an old and valued
client. Old Doctor Kelland shivered invol-
untarily. Then, wordlessly, he nodded,
turned and went out the door.

  As it closed softly behind him the
strange eyes of Doctor Carl Cardell re-
mained fixed on space, and the smile
which slightly curved his handsome
mouth portrayed the sort of delight that
is known to the fiends of the deepest pit
in Hell. ...

T^HE laboratory and operating room
which had been constructed in the
rear of Doctor Cardell’s mountain home
lacked nothing which might be found in
the most elaborately equipped modern
hospital, save the more ponderous appa-
ratus. Doctor Kelland glanced about in
grim approval, as with the aid of Cardell,
he carried his daughter to the operating
table.

  Helen Kelland’s pretty face showed
nothing of the pain which this journey
was costing her. She had consented to
this operation only after her father had
argued with her for hours, for although
she had heard of none of the monstrous
acts of sadism which had punctuated the
young surgeon’s career, she instinctively
sensed something in his nature that was
vile and unnatural.

  She sighed in relief and closed her eyes
as the two men lowered her young, softly
rounded figure to the operating table.

  Her father immediately started to cut
off the plaster cast which encased his
daughter’s leg. Before he had finished,
Cardell rolled a tank of ether into place
at the head of the table, and fitted a piece
of sterile gauze into the anesthetic mask
which was connected to the tank by a
Monster of His Making

87

length of thick hose. The stage was set.

  Doctor Kelland moved to the head of
the table and took up the mask. “Are you
ready?” he asked in a strained voice.

  Cardell, his sensitive fingers gently
probing the flesh of Helen’s knee, nodded
absently, and the old surgeon lowered the
mask to his daughter’s face. He reached
behind him with the other hand and
turned a petcock on the tank. A soft, hiss-
ing sound filled the room.

  Helen Kelland's firm young breasts
rose and fell under the sheer covering of
her light summer dress as she inhaled
deeply of die soporific gas, and at last, as
his long-practiced old eyes detected the
symptoms of complete anesthesia, Doctor
Kelland turned off the petcock and re-
moved the mask.

  “We’re ready, Carlos,” he said.

  Cardell straightened, turned and walked
casually toward the older man. Kelland
watched his approach with mild wonder,
but he had no warning of what was to
come until Cardell, reaching him, sudden-
ly threw himself upon the old surgeon,
pinning his feeble arms to his sides with
one encircling arm, as with his free hand
he turned the petcock on the tank of
ether and snatched up the mask.

  Doctor Kelland had time for one star-
tled cry, and then his voice was muffled
by the anesthetic mask as Cardell clapped
it over his mouth and nostrils, holding it
firmly in place. Within the space of a few
seconds the victim’s body lost its tension
and relaxed. Supporting it with one arm,
Cardell at length turned off the petcock
and carried the lax body to the west wall
of the room. . . .

  When Doctor Kelland regained con-
sciousness he did not realize, for the first
few seconds, that he was in the same
room. Brightly illuminated before, it was
now in a darkness which was relieved
only by a red-rayed lamp which gave a
spot light from the ceiling. The blinds
had been drawn, closing out all but a few

stray beams of daylight, and as the old
surgeon’s eyes focused on what lay be-
neath the red-rayed lamp his aching mus-
cles suddenly hardened with the trans-
fixion of horror.

  Helen was still on the operating table,
but she was stark nude, now, and her
arms and legs had been securely bound to
the table with stout straps. The ruddy
light bathed her slender body with a crim-
son effulgence which emphasized rather
than obscured the satin texture of her
flawless skin.

  Kelland gasped and cried out in in-
credulous horror, attempting to lurch to
his feet. Only then did he discover that
he had been lashed securely to a chair
against the west wall of the room, and was
powerless to move an inch.

  At his cry a weirdly incongruous figure
stepped out of the gloom and into the
ruby nimbus of the lamp. The figure was
clothed in the black tights and jerkin of
a long dead century, and only after it
spoke was Doctor Kelland able to recog-
nize Carl Cardell.

  “Ah—I’m glad to see you’re back with
us, Doctor,” said Cardell, and Kelland
was conscious of a vibrancy in his voice
that he had never heard before. “Now,
as soon as your attractive daughter has
recovered, we can proceed.”

  Something which he did not yet under-
stand made the blood run cold in the old
surgeon’s body. “‘Proceed—?’” he
quavered. “What do you mean?”

  “I refer to the operation, §f course,”
said the young man. “Isn’t that what
we’re here for?”

  “Yes—yes ... of course. But—?”
Then the blasting knowledge of what
portended almost shocked the old man
back into senselessness. His widening
eyes fastened on his daughter’s bare right
knee, noted sickly that nothing had been
done to it.

  “Good God!” he whispered. “You
wouldn’t do that, Carlos. Even a sadist
(Continued on page 105)
CORPSES
ON PARADE

EDITH and EJLER JACOBSON

 Putrescent masses of decayed flesh, they -walked the streets of New
 York—the victims of the Rotting Death. Was Bonny, my beloved,
 destined to be of their number? Could I, alone, outwit the monsters
 that had terrorized the world’s largest city? I would die trying. . . .

88
CHAPTER ONE

Dues Payable To Death

THEY buried Andy Carter on one
of those bleak February mornings
when the sun forgets to shine. He
had a big turn-out; and I wasn’t sur-
prised to see every society editor in town
at St. Anne’s, dressed in mourning, with
note-books and pencils constantly in hand,
jotting down the notables present.

  I guessed at the paragraph they’d give
me: “Barry Amsterdam, New York’s
play-boy and thrill-seeker Number One,
was grieving at the loss of his erstwhile
playmate, the fabulously wealthy heir to
the Carter utility millions, whose untimely
death—” and so forth.

Diabolical,
Unearthly
Menace stalks tlirougli the
pages of tliis Pulse*Speeding
Novelette

I only hoped they’d leave it at that. Be-
cause I knew, and so did others, that Andy
Carter hadn’t died of pneumonia. He had
died of whatever it was that had made him
a ghost-faced stranger the last time I’d
seen him alive.

  Or could you call that—life? That
cringing shadow of a man who’d whimper
as he pulled his hand from my clasp, re-
fused to answer the natural questions a
best friend would ask?

  We didn’t speak of it to each other,
we who were the monied fraction of New
York, but it was there, behind every bland
mask of a face at the fashionable funeral.
Andy Carter had died of stark, grisly
terror 1

89
90

Dime Mystery Magazine

6£V7"OU look like the prelude to several
A long drinks Barry, my boy,” said
a slow voice at my elbow. It was Duke
Livingstone, city editor of the Chronicle,
and in times past, friend enough to squash
some of my snappier high-jinks before
they reached the headlines. Tall and bald-
ish, with eyes like an owl’s, and a mouth
that was sometimes like a kid’s and some-
times like a professor’s. He was humor-
ous ; he had to be. A grimmer man might
have gone crazy, knowing the things he
knew about people and their shortcomings.

  “I feel like the tail end of a bad life,”
I told him. “And what brings you here?
Poor old Andy wasn’t that important.”

  Duke put a long finger against his thin
nose and wagged it. “Poor old Andy,”
he said, “died without explaining a few
things that might be interesting to the
press. For instance, what happened to the
Carter money? Andy didn’t live long
enough to spend four million—”

  “Duke, skip it,” I urged. “Skip it as
an editor, anyway. Don’t hurt the Car-
ters any more than you can help it.”

  Duke’s owlish eyes followed my gaze to
a brave erect little figure, black-veiled, at
the front of St. Anne’s. “And that’s an-
other thing,” he drawled. “I have a hunch
Bonny Carter knows more about her
brother’s death than any of us. Don’t
worry. I won’t interrupt her grief—yet.
You’re a little sunk on her, aren’t you ?”

  Sure. I was sunk on her. Until Andy’s
—well, we called it illness—we’d been
talking Armonk every night of the week.
Duke knew it, so I didn’t bother telling
him. And I guess he knew I didn’t want
him around, just then, because he van-
ished, like the good fellow he was.

  There was something about Bonny Car-
ter, even in the stark shock of sudden loss,
that made a man think of the way spring
felt when he was a kid. She was—well,
perfect. Violet eyes, tawny hair, flawless
skin; that was only a part of it. You could

feel something underneath that, a kind of
beautiful purity that made you want to
help her and protect her.

  I don’t know what she saw in me, ex-
cept that I loved her; but I knew, from
the way she reached out her hands to me
the minute she saw me, that if anyone
could comfort her in this tragedy, it was
I. I swore silently to myself that I’d live
up to her trust in me. God, how little
we know our own follies! In spite of
myself, through my very efforts to save
her, I was to add to her sorrows!

  “Barry,” she whispered, “has he gone?
That newspaper man, I mean?”

  I held her fingertips, reverently. “Yes,
he’s gone,” I said. “I asked him to. Duke’s
not a bad sort.”

  “No, he isn’t. But I’m wary of re-
porters.” She was a little breathless, and it
was not the breathlessness that comes
from tears. Her glance darted about un-
happily, and then she beckoned me into a
side aisle.

  “I have to talk to you before we go
to the cemetery,” she said. “Barry, I don’t
know what I’ll be like afterward. I’ve
been so worried! We don’t have a cent,
Mother and I, and we don’t know what’s
happened to it. Andy's club was awfully
decent about paying for the funeral. But
the living should pay for their own dead.”

  I tried to tell her that it would be all
right, that the sweetest thing she could
do for me would be to let me take care of
her and her mother forever. But she re-
treated from me in a kind of appalled daze
—and then I saw a look in those violet
eyes that made me wish I’d died before
I saw it.

  It was the same look that had been on
Andy’s face the last time I saw him alive

____a look that made you think terror,

like a huge cancer, was amok in a living
being, feeding on it and slowly causing its
death.

  She wasn’t looking at me. She was
looking at the pall-bearers, six black fig-
Corpses on Parade

91

ures, moving with Andy’s coffin down the
aisle. Was it the candle-light, or the
tragic occasion that made them seem what
they were, that sad sextet? Or was it—
my mind recoiled toward sanity from the
thought—that same expression of panic
gone hopeless that turned those faces, so
familiar to cameramen around the town’s
hot-spots, into death’s-heads of despair?

T DIDN’T see Bonny at the cemetery,
nor after the burial, for the very good
reason that the burial ended in a near-riot.
I remembering thinking, then, that life
had turned into a crazy caricature of
death. I didn’t know, you see, that I was
as yet only in the hinterland of a horror
that would blacken my world, later...

   It was just after the first spadeful had
been flung against the coffin. Grant An-
ders, the leading pall-bearer, stood very
straight and gaunt at the edge of the
grave, his loose black coat flapping in the
February wind like the wing-humming of
the Grim Reaper. Grant’s family had
come over on the Mayflower; he was an
old classmate of mine. I thought that he
was not looking too well.

  Suddenly high, mirthless laughter
pierced the reverent silence. It was
Grant’s voice. There was a sharp crack-
ing sound. Grant faltered, and then
plunged into the open grave, his dead
fingers still linked around a smoking re-
volver.

  I suppose I must have taken charge in
the panic that followed, because when
Sergeant Connor put a heavy hand on my
shoulder, it seemed I had pushed eight
men away from the body, and was en-
gaged in slapping a middle-aged matron
out of hysteria.

  “I’m a friend of the Carters,” I ex-
plained. “I know all these people. I tried
to keep them from running wild.”

   “Ye’ve been doin’ a bit of runnin’ wild
yerself, m’boy,” said the sergeant, not
unsympathetically. “However, I’m glad ye

let no one touch the body.” He beckoned
to a comrade in brass-and-blue, and they
hoisted poor Grant out of the pit. “Sui-
cide,” they observed pithily.

  Grant had been a great one for thrills
when I knew him, and he was willing to
pay for them whenever they offered. Con-
sequently, he’d usually carried at least a
century on him, generally more.

  Yet, when we examined his pockets in
that vain half-blind search for motive that
follows every tremendously wrong human
act, we found—a nickel, two pennies, a
clean handkerchief, and one slip of paper
in the otherwise empty wallet. It was a
notice, from the Quadrangle Club that
dues, amounting to ninety dollars quarter-
ly, were payable on the first of February.

  I thought dully, and it was a thought
that clicked 011 an empty cartridge, that
members of the Quadrangle Club seemed
to be showing a singular mortality. First
Andy—now Grant Anders. I was oc-
cupied with a resentment against Kitty
Anders. Grant had married her on a dare,
and it worked out as such marriages
usually do. Grant had been good sport
enough to stick it, but I was sure Kitty,
with her erratic expensive tastes, had
brought my former classmate to this piti-
able end.

  What a difference there is in women!
I thanked God for the sweet sanity of my
Bonny—little realizing that when I saw
her next, she would seem far from sane.

  I gave the sergeant my name, address
and twenty dollars for being helpful. The
funeral guests were gone; and what was
left of Andy and Grant was in hands fit
to deal with remains. Suddenly, after all
the excitement, I began to feel a little
sick—and more than anything in the
world, I wanted to see Bonny.

TVTEITHER she nor her mother were at
^ the town apartment when I got back
to Manhattan. I floundered into an easy
chair, and gritted my teeth over a Scotch
92

Dime Mystery Magazine

and soda. At ten-minute intervals, I
phoned the Carters. By five in the after-
noon, they were still out. I had just about
decided to go over there and wait for
them, when Suki, my man-servant, an-
nounced a visitor.

  It was the city editor of the Chronicle.
He helped himself to a Corona, and asked
for a drink, and then his mouth that was
humorous as a kid’s came out with a
bombshell.

 He said, “Kitty Anders has just
jumped out of the window.” And then he
sighed, and blew the kind of contented
smoke rings you see in bedroom slipper
ads.

  When it penetrated, I shouted, “You’re
crazy! Or else everyone else is!”

  “I always knew about everyone else,”
Duke answered. “You learn about them in
my racket. Now, lad, I've done you a
turn or two in our time. You knew the
Anders better than I did. Would you
say Kitty was the sort of woman who’d
kill herself out of grief at the loss of a
husband ?”

  I laughed, not happily. “Hardly. She’s
dead then?”

  Duke nodded. “Most messily dead. It’s
a shame. She was a pretty woman. Say,
didn’t I tell you earlier you needed a
drink? Keeps a man’s stomach down.
Swallow one, and I’ll take you over for a
look at the corpse. There’s some kind of
cop who says you know the answer.”

  I damned Sergeant Connor in my pri-
vate thoughts, and went to the Anders’
apartment on East Seventy-third in a
press car. I’d avoided that apartment
since Grant’s marriage—it was gaudy, and
there seemed to be a price tag on every-
thing, screaming expense. I dreaded, too,
the habitual reek of over-applied Oriental
perfumes that had been a perfect expres-
sion of Kitty.

  I needn’t have. No hint of bottled
flowers was in that air. Instead, a sultry
foulness, faint but undeniable, hit us the

moment we entered. Duke’s long nose
wrinkled in distaste. I wasn’t imagining
it.

  In the bedroom, surrounded by gew-
gaws she would never enjoy again, lay
Kitty Anders, and for salon she had the
coroner, the press and the law. And now
I placed that odor of corruption; it pro-
ceeded from the dead woman’s decently
shrouded body.

  I said, “She’s been dead for days!” and
the coroner looked at me curiously and
shook his head. . . .

  “Take yerself a look,” said Sergeant
Connor, pulling the sheet from Kitty’s
face. I looked—and something in me
froze. I’m not a coward; I’ve been in
some tough spots in my time and laughed
afterward, but this was different. In the
first place, with the removal of the sheet,
the stench became almost overpowering—
as though Kitty had been pregnant with
death before she died!

  And on the dead face was that unname-
able expression of hopeless despair that I
had seen on too many faces that day. That
was it—she had carried death within her
like an unborn evil—I turned away, half-
sick with a fear I dared not name to my-
self.

  “Ye wouldn’t know what makes the
poor girl smell so horrible, would ye?”
asked the sergeant.

   I said, “The living don’t smell like that,
nor fresh corpses. . .

  The coroner straightened, and looked at
me. He was haggard and perplexed “Of
course not. But we have sworn testimony
that Mrs. Anders was alive this morning,
that she shouted a warning to passers-by
before she jumped . . .” he shrugged, and
went into the next room. Duke followed
him, hoping, I suppose, to get a more com-
plete report. The sergeant was busy with
Kitty’s effects.

  I don’t know what kept me in that
t«mb-smelling room, unless it were fear of
the haunting uncertainty of the thing.
Corpses on Parade

93

Some malign fate seemed amok among my
friends; tomorrow, unless I learned its
source of power, it might strike nearer
home. . . .

  No one else had seen the small white
thing clutched by those stiff white fin-
gers. No one saw me as I stooped to
wrest the thing from their clasp.

  The fingers were soft to the bone, pulpy
as though maggot-ridden. I forced my-
self to delve there. . . . and the woman’s
hand turned to putty in mine, like a
squashed putrescent fruit! I was a man;
I didn’t get sick on the spot. That would
come later.

  In her hand had been a membership
card to the Quadrangle Gub.

      CHAPTER TWO
      One Ticket To Hell

660 NAP out of it,” Duke kept telling

  ^ me, on the way back. “You’re white,
Barry. Well, do you know any more than
I do? The sarge seemed to think you
might. I'd like to get it into a six o’clock
extra.”

  I didn’t answer, because I was swallow-
ing to keep my stomach where it belonged.
Besides, what was there to say? Duke
had a nose; he knew as much as I did.

  Was it true, or was my imagination
playing tricks on my memory? That last
time Andy had retreated from me, at the
Antler Bar, hadn't I thought, “What
ghastly shaving lotion the lad uses!” For
there had been a super-abundance of scent
about him, a scent with sickly-rancid un-
dertones. . . . God, it was true! What-
ever they died of, these ill-fated things,
they’d been dying of it for a long time be-
fore ! Some loathsome disease, that rotted
all of them, heart and brain last. ... I
swallowed, harder than ever, and managed
to talk. “Looks like the dissolution of the
upper classes. The snootiest club in town
is really getting something to turn its
nose.” And I showed him the rumpled

card I’d torn from those rotted fingers.

  “Shut up,” Duke said sharply. “You’re
letting it get you. Come back with me
while I put the Chronicle to bed. She'll
run an article on the Quadrangle Club
that ought to stop the slaughter. You
might have two cents to put in.”

  I said, “No,” because I remembered,
with tightening heart muscles, that I
hadn’t located Bonny all day. And she had
told me that morning that she owed the
cost of Andy’s funeral to—the Quadrangle
Club! No wonder she had looked as
though doom were a little way off, watch-
ing her helpless struggle with malevolent
and unfathomable eyes! It was enough to
drive a man mad, that sinister shadow
whose substance I could not perceive!

  There was no need to phone. I knew,
when I saw the mink coat and black hat
on a coueh in the foyer, that I had a
most welcome guest. I heard the auto-
matic playing the Pathetique symphony.

  Bonny crouched, head buried in her
elbows, in a big chair. Her small, black-
robed body swayed mournfully to the
third movement. God, I was glad to see
her—and not to—to smell her!

  She was pure, thank God, and untaint-
ed. Still had the same faint toilet water
scent about her, woodsy with lavendar
. . . she winced when I put my hands on
her shoulders.

  “Bonny, where have you been all day ?”
I asked anxiously.

  She turned to me a white face in which
the violet eyes looked like great bruises.
“Dodging reporters,” she answered.
“Barry, I have to stay here tonight.”
“You can’t,” I answered, with a sharp-
ness that was as much reproof to myself
as to her. “There aren’t enough rooms.
And—” I added, laughing feebly—“no
chaperone.”

  “Chaperone!” She laughed with me,
but it was a high, uncomfortable laugh
that made my flesh creep. “Bitter music,”
she commented, and then: "What do I
94

Dime Mystery Magazine

need with a chaperone? I want protec-
tion, just for tonight.”

  I shook her, for she was still laughing
in that bitter, almost hysterical way, but
it had no effect. “Bonny, you’ve got to
tell me! What are you afraid of?”

  She shuddered. “Everything—even
you. You’ve been wicked in your time,
haven’t you, Barry? Awfully wicked ...
but I love you.”

  That wasn’t like Bonny. I’d told her
all about myself, and the low-lights of
my past, and she’d been pretty magnan-
imous about it. She wasn’t one to rake
up old ashes. Suddenly I hated that
poignant music; like a crossed child, I
snatched the record. I heard the needle
whine once, and then the third movement
of the symphony was in a hundred frag-
ments on the floor.

  “I felt that way—once,” Bonny told
me. She had stopped laughing. Her
voice was flat, hopeless. “Now it doesn’t
matter. Can I stay tonight, Barry? It
may be the last time I’ll ever be near
you...

  I shouted, “For God’s sake, talk
straight! If you’d only tell me what’s
terrifying you—you can’t stay here.
Think, Bonny. We buried Andy this
morning. You don’t want to go to hell
tonight, do you?”

  She had resumed her rocking back and
forth, in the cradle of her own arms.
“Andy this morning,” she crooned. “To-
morrow—Kitty. And the day after—
who knows ? Maybe Bonny. Poor Kitty.
Poor Bonny.”

  I couldn’t bear the picture her insane
sing-song conjured in my mind. Bonny
with her tawny hair to die like Kitty! I
slapped my sweetheart, hard. She whim-
pered—and laughed!

  I remember pleading and haranguing
alternately, but nothing shook Bonny
from her mad mood. I shot questions
about the Quadrangle Club at her, but
she kept crooning and laughing to her-

self, in the ghastly mockery of a lullaby.
Finally I said, “I’m calling up your moth-
er. She’ll spank you for this-”

  “Mother’s gone,” said Bonny. “Poor
Mother!” A telephone call to the Car-
ters' proved she was right, for the time
being, anyway.

  I’d had enough skirting on the edge of
nerve-strangling mystery. I could think
of only one man who might know some-
thing—a very little something—and if I
pooled my knowledge with his, we might
together find a ray of blessed light.

  “Suki,” I shouted, forgetting that there
were still human ears left not deafened
by madness. “Take care of Miss Carter.
Don’t let anyone in. I’ll be back in an
hour.” I handed the boy my gun. He
blinked, and nodded. Suki was a good
boy, loyal and intelligent.

  Bonny laughed as I walked out into
the night.

■PVUKE wasn’t at the office when I got
there. They told me he’d gone to
check some material for a special article
on the Quadrangle Club, featured for
front page release in the morning. I
groaned, fell into Duke’s swivel chair,
and waited.

  There wasn’t much humor in Duke’s
face when he came in, at eleven-thirty.
He took one look at me, and said, “When
did you eat last?”

  “I don’t know. Maybe this morning.”
“Let’s step across the street. I won’t
say what I have to say to a guy with an
empty stomach.”

  I didn’t like the ham and eggs. I
wouldn’t have liked nectar and ambrosia,
at that point. But Duke sat over me
sternly, making me gulp the stuff down
anyhow, and he only relaxed over my
half-finished cup of coffee.

  “I’ve been over to the Quadrangle
Club,” he said harshly. “An umpty layout;
big brownstone front, thick curtains, and
a stuffed butler at the door. Couldn’t get
Corpses on Parade

95

in, though. God knows how they’ve kept
the cops out after today’s high-jinks. They
sponsored the funeral, didn’t they? Well,
you need a ticket from the Social Register
to crash. I didn’t want to waste time.”

  I said I’d heard all that before. The
Quadrangle Club had been one of those
things in the background all my life, like
the Horse Show.

  “My lad,” said Duke, his face one long
grimace from the bald spot on his brow
to the cleft in his narrow chin; “do you
know whom I saw in the lobby, just past
the butler?”

  “No. You look as though it might have
been a ghost.”

  "Correct,” said the Duke. "It was Andy
Carter.”

  There are points beyond which the mind
cannot go, discrepancies of evidence which
only the insane may enter and live. I knew,
as soon as Duke told me that I believed
him. And I know, too, that something
snapped in my brain. It had to. I started
moving, and moving fast.

  First, I drove through every red light
on the route to my own apartment. I
wasn’t surprised to find Suki blubbering
and frantic, and Bonny gone. That was
part of the grotesquely hideous nightmare.

  “Miss Carter get telephone call. I not
can stop her. She say—” Suki paused,
and there was stark fear in his face—“her
brother want her, she go. Is not Miss
Carter’s brother dead this morning ?”
Dead! Kitty Anders must have been
dead a week before she stopped moving
about in the land of the living! What was
to keep a corpse from rising then, if the
dead forgot to die?

  It was only after I got to the Quad-
rangle Club that the horror stopped. I
put one finger on the doorbell and kept
it there. The door opened to the width
of a man’s arm. Something bright flared
astoundingly in my face, and blinded me.
I didn’t see or feel whatever it was that
smashed down on my skull and sent me

into oblivion with a burst of shooting
stars.

T FELT my head going round and round,
just before I opened my eyes, I ex-
pected to wake up in hell, but they’d can-
celed that trip, apparently, because I was
in my own bed, with Suki’s worried brown
face bending over me, and Duke Living-
stone’s back between me and the window.

  Duke’s mouth puckered as he turned.
“Still with us?” he said. “When I found
you in the gutter, you looked as though
you had been done in for good.” He
paused and then exploded: “Nerts. What
a set-up! The cops won’t even touch it!”
My mouth was dry, and there was a
weight on top of my head, where I’d been
cracked, that seemed a truckload. I said,
“I’m not so sure,” and reached for the
phone. Sergeant Connor told me cheerily
that everything was under control.

  “Then why the hell don’t you raid that
place?” I told him.

  The Sergeant answered, his cheer con-
siderably shaken, “Now, me boy, we can’t
raid a respectable private club because of
a coincidence.”

  “A damned peculiar coincidence!”

  His voice dropped to a whisper. “We
got orders—not to touch it!” When I
expostulated, there was a soft click....

  “Barry, there’s only one way,” Duke’s
voice was weary, as though he’d been up
every night for a million years. “You’ve
got that ticket I haven’t got. You’re a
Social Register lad. Get in touch with the
Quadrangle Club, and apply for member-
ship.”

  It was a ticket, all right. A ticket to
hell. But maybe I’d find Bonny in hell....
A brisk secretarial voice at the other end
of the wire told me I would be investi-
gated, and if I furnished the customery
references, my membership would be con-
sidered. ...

  Duke’s article on the front page of the
Chronicle that morning was one of those
96

Dime Mystery Magazine

brave damfool things that only cub re-
porters and veteran editors have the nerve
to do. He told his story simply, starting
with Andy’s funeral. There was Grant’s
suicide, and Kitty’s. He stated flatly that
Kitty hadn’t killed herself for Grant’s
sake. “The popular young matron,” said
he, “was anything but a faithful and loving
wife.”

  He hauled over the Quadrangle Club,
briefly mentioning its history as a tony
haven for the best people of the Eighties;
and he posed the question, reasonably
enough, “Why has the ha-cha generation
of blue-bloods joined the brownstone tra-
dition ? Can it be that behind those vener-
able portals there is a stimulus for those
jaded appetites; a pleasure so exhaustive
that its ending leaves nothing but self-
loathing and desire for death?”

  Duke grinned at me when I looked up
at him, like a small boy who has made
an offensive precocious remark and ex-
pects to be told how bright he is.

  I said, “Nice work, Duke. I’m glad you
left your latest hunches about the Carters
out of it. That was decent.”

  “A newspaperman is never decent. I
left that out because I may not have
proof.”

  “Proof!” I howled. “You can’t prove
anything. The Chronicle’s going to run
into the biggest libel suit in history.”
Duke smiled his sad, crooked, smile.
“Maybe. But it won’t go to trial tomor-
row. And by the time we get our day in
court, I’m gambling we’ll have proof
enough to halt the whole blamed mess.”
I was finishing the second cup of black
coffee. “And where would you be getting
it?” I said.

  Duke didn’t answer, just kept looking
at me.

  “I know,” I said. “You think I’m going
to get it for you. God, I hope I can! I
hope I can find Bonny—” I didn’t dodge
his whimsical blow to the chin. It was
his way of bucking me up.

  “You’ll find her,” he assured me. “If
there’s anyone who can crack the story,
it’s you. If you want an expense account
on the Chronicle. . .

  I said, “No. I’m on my own.”

  “Got to be going,” said the Duke.
“Think it over, Barry. A big paper has
resources. Files of information, contacts
. . . it can send you inside places you
couldn’t crack yourself. It’s a help.”

  I agreed with him. It was the brightest
ray of light I’d seen yet. Duke gave me a
press card, informing the police that Barry
Amsterdam was working for the New
York Chronicle, and left me to my own
devices.

CHAPTER THREE

Doom Cracks Its Whip

JUDGE RAINEY told me that after-
noon in his office, “If I hadn’t known
your uncle, Barry, I’d throw you out!
What do you mean, I’m blocking police in-
vestigation ! Why would I do a thing like
that? Why, I don’t even belong to the
damned club!”

   “But,” I insisted, “you’re the only poli-
tical force in town that could. The others
don’t come from your kind of family.”
The Judge, a big man with a magnifi-
cent silver head, forgot that he’d known
my uncle. He threw me out. . . .

  It seemed hopeless, hopeless. It might
be three weeks before I’d pass that brown-
stone front myself, and in the meantime,
Bonny. ... I felt dry in the throat every
time I thought of Bonny. It was like the
thirst of a dying man lost in the Saliara.

  Something made me look up as I walked
through the front lobby of the office build-
ing. Something indescribably vile . . .and
familiar. An odor of the charnel-house....

  A woman, swathed to the eyebrows in
silver fox, had just passed me. I recog-
nized her at once as Judge Rainey’s young
and beautiful second wife. I ran after her,
and grabbed her arm. She turned, and...
Corpses on Parade

97

  I—I had known Thea Rainey as one of
the town’s huskier young glamor girls,
seen her cantering an hour after dawn,
heard her throaty alive laugh . . . and now
I saw her with the cancer of death almost
victorious in her wasted frame!

  “Barry Amsterdam,” she said, and then
she laughed—but what a laugh! The
ghost of her youth, chuckling in hell . . .
and, God help her, she stank. Under the
heaviness of her perfume, there was a rank
odor of decaying flesh. . . .

  I had dropped her arm, but she re-
trieved mine. I shuddered at the touch,
and she knew it, and licked her lips.

  “They’ll get you too,” she whispered.
“You’re a nice lad, Barry. Once—you
didn’t know it, did you?—I fancied I loved
you. They'll bring you to me in death,
Barry . . . they’ll let me kiss you. . .

  I went back to Thea’s apartment with
her. It took every ounce of stomach I
had, but I went. She promised she’d talk,
if we were alone . . . she even seemed to
know where Bonny was. . . .

  Her butler served us sandwiches and
highballs. She touched neither. When I
had pleaded with her for agonizing
minutes, she rose. Her chalky face as-
sumed an expression of terrible despair.

  “You want to know what they do to
us?” she whispered, tensely, crazily. “I’ll
show you!” Before I could stop her, she
had zipped her dress open from throat to
hem. She stepped out of it. I cried,
“Stop!” but she didn’t stop. She stepped
out of her slip, and I saw the white
diaphragm below her brassiere, gleaming
uncleanly ... she tore off the brassiere, and
the silk shorts. In hideous nudity, she
advanced one step toward me. Her breasts,
her hips, seemed half-decomposed . . . and
the smell! It was like the fumes that might
arise from a city’s garbage lying for hours
under an August sun. . . .

  And then I was engulfed in a putrefac-
tion that had been the beauty of Thea
Rainey. Her arm, white as the under-

side of a fish belly, twined about my neck,
she pressed her naked body to me, she
darted her face close to mine.

  I felt the kiss of loathsome death, and
when I would have withdrawn, she
pressed closer. Then—I’ve read about
lips melting in an embrace, but I’ll never
read it again without being sick. For that
was exactly what Thea’s lips did. They
squashed, with the same hideous plosh of
rotten fruit that had marked the disinte-
gration of Kitty’s hand. . . .

  I didn’t turn to look. I ran. My mouth
felt ghoulishly filthy, as though I were a
cannibal epicure. I ran right to the Chroni-
cle office.

  “Duke,” I said, “I know why the police
won’t touch it. It’s not Rainey. It’s
Rainey’s wife. . . .”

  And then I was suddenly very sick.

'T'HEA RAINEY’S funeral was held
next day at St. Anne's. Society was
there; but it was a weirdly changed so-
ciety from the polite group that had met
two days before at Andy Carter’s funeral.
In fifty hours, the upper crust of Man-
hattan had been transformed to a cower-
ing half-idiocy ... no one mentioned the
haste of the burial. We were thinking of
other things. Each of us seemed menaced
by some unholy destruction. We did not
speak to each other.

  More, by two score, were the faces that
wore an expression of hopeless despair.
And we knew, we who had escaped so
far, that they were the doomed . . . they
told us nothing, though they had been our
friends, and our loved ones.

  There was a great wreath of flowers
from the Quadrangle Club. But its roses
and lilies were not enough to combat the
mingled odor of strong perfumes that rose
from those who had come to honor the
dead. Perfumes that covered a vague but
unmistakeable odor of decay. Thea Rainey
had been emblamed cleverly; they had
drained her blood and replaced the broken
98

Dime Mystery Magazine

features with wax. But for her friends,
the dying, no such service had been ren-
dered.

  I didn’t go to the burial. I needed fresh
air. I walked aimlessly about town that
forenoon. I wasn’t quite sane, I think. A
dozen times, I followed some woman
simply because she had red hair . . . but
she was never Bonny.

  Bonny! Had the thing touched her yet,
the fifthy disease that a doctor in Thea’s
case, had despairingly named heart dis-
ease ? Why hadn’t she been at the funeral ?
Was she stolen, or killed?

  I saw the last cars of Thea’s cortege
winding southward on Park. Dully I
watched them; they were bound for a
cemetery in Brooklyn.

  But the last—was that a glimpse of
tawny hair I caught behind the curtained
window—made a U-turn, and headed
north. North! They had buried Andy in
Westchester . . . and Bonny had said she
was going to—her brother!

  I taxied to my garage, took my car, and
stamped on the accelerator. It wasn’t
clever, half-blinded with dread as I was;
for by the time I’d located Sergeant Con-
nor, and had him explain me out of traffic
court in Yonkers, it was three-thirty. I
was at Hawthorne by five . . . and when I
came to the cemetery night was on me.
Night without a moon. . . .

  The gates were locked, so I clambered
over the wall. In the darkness the tomb-
stones were a glimmering reproach to one
who would discover their secrets. I crept
along stealthily to Andy’s grave. Once I
saw a swinging lantern, and I ducked be-
hind a monument, hugging the dank cold
earth that was nourished on death.

  But there were no lights where we had
left Andy. There zvas a pile of fresh earth
where his stone had been, and the grave-
pit yawned wide open. With the cold sweat
pouring down my face, I peered from be-
hind the dirt-pile. . . .

  Two hooded figures stood on either side

of the unlidded coffin. And lying within,
her pale hands crossed over the emblaming
sheet, her violet eyes alive with mad fear,
was Bonny!

  They were lifting the lid, ready to put
it into place ... I jumped toward the near-
est figure, caught him in a frantic half-
Nelson, and pushed. Like a frightened
ghost, the other figure leapt away.

  “Barry, you don’t know what you’re
doing!” shrieked Bonny. I didn’t listen.
I kept pushing. Beneath the black robe, I
felt that familiar puttiness.

  Bonny stood up in the coffin, her hair
falling over her shoulders, pure as a dream
of heaven in her white dead-dress. “Barry,
let me die. . . . This isn’t a hard death!
It’s over so soon ... not like the others. .. .
Let me save you, Barry!”

TRIMLY, through the wild hate that
throbbed in my brain, I knew that she
was giving her life for my salvation. I
didn’t want that, God. no! I pushed, a
little harder . . . and the brain of the
hooded thing splashed out of the rotted
skull. I dropped the body. It fell with a
soft whoosh against the coffin. When I
snatched off the hood, I saw no face, only
battered brain and bone. . . .

  Bonny screamed. I turned, and saw the
other hooded thing reaching down on me
with the butt end of a revolver. No time
to duck ... I took it.

  Later, I would remember as though in
a dream, that a black devil had carried
Bonny away. But it would be no dream,
because when I awoke, just before dawn,
I was to find myself lying, cold and aching,
across an open coffin in an open grave.

  When I got back to town that morning,
Suki handed me a single thing that had
come by mail. It was a neat little invita-
tion, black on white, asking me to attend
my initiation at the "Quadrangle Club that
night, with the polite reminder, “Formal,”
in a lower left-hand corner. I looked at it
till the letters danced—and fell into a
Corpses on Parade

99

drugged sleep of nervous exhaustion.

  I awoke toward evening. Suki had laid
out my soup and fish. I felt fresher, freer-
to think for the first time in days. That
card . . . they’d rushed it, I thought . . .
and I wondered if there were not some
connection between last night’s episode at
the grave, and this morning’s invitation.
Either last night I had blundered 011 too
much, or else . . . and another thought
made me pause ... or else the whole thing
had been deliberate, that glimpse I’d
caught of Bonny, luring me to witness a
witless scene in a graveyard.

  Too many horrors had forced them-
selves on my awareness in the immediate
past. As I dressed, I thought how in-
credible it should be that I was going to
the Quadrangle Club to unearth the grisli-
est of imaginable horrors . . . the Quad-
rangle Club, that had been for fifty years
a guarded haven of wealth and prestige.
It was almost insane, but then, my world
had been insane for days.

Even as I drove over, the thought per-
sisted that I was going on a fool’s errand.

I wondered why . . . somewhere at the
back of my head a gap persisted, some-
thing I should have known, that eluded my
dulled senses.

  I pulled myself together, and went
through the brownstone portals.

  Old-generation tone. Cut-glass chande-
liers, and the gentlemen taking their port
in the card room. That was the Quad-
rangle Club. I recognized most of the
members of my own set, the moderns and
their would-be modem mammas and
papas.

  But we were stiff and strange with each
other. Incense burned almost overpower-
ingly everywhere, but it was not enough to
hide that other smell. . . Half the faces
were chalky and tragic, the other half like
polite masks over real terror. Nowhere
did I see Bonny.

“So you’ve joined too, Barry,” Mona
Wells said to me. She was a charming

kid, lithe and dark and vibrant, recently
married to a friend of mine, Martin Wells.
But here, for a reason I could not fathom,
her brown eyes were pools of sorrow.

  I said, “Where’s Mart? Haven’t seen
him around for a while.”

  The wine-glass in her fingers cracked
at the stem. Her eyes grew mad. “Martin’s
been ill,” she whispered. Then, “He shot
himself at seven this evening. I left him
lying in his blood.”

  “My God, Mona! What are you doing
at—a party?”

  “Party!” Her voice was the voice of an
animal being tortured. “It was my invita-
tion to join . .

  When I tried to follow her, she lost
herself among the guests.

TT was all I could do to keep from run-
ning berserk among the guests, shak-
ing them like rats to get the information
I wanted. They were all peopK in whose
families there had been recent tragedy—
like Mona. Had Martin told her before he
died ? Was that why he died ? And where
was Bonny ? Did she know . . . too much,
too?

  Music came from the dim hallway, and
in the glittering drawing-room, guests
were dancing. What a dance that was!
Like the slow waltz of decaying corpses,
who had entered hell in evening dress!

  I stood and watched vainly among them
for a girl with tawny hair. I felt a light
tap on my shoulder, and there stood the
portly butler, with Mona Wells, white
and shaken, at his side.

  “Mr. Amsterdam, if you please, I’ve re-
ceived word that the initiation is to be-
gin. Won’t you come upstairs for your
interview ?”

  We followed him up the winding old-
fashioned staircase, Mona still refusing to
look at me. At the end of a corridor, the
butler swung open a door, and deferential-
ly waited for me to enter. “In here, sir ..

I paused, for the room was in darkness.
100

Dime Mystery Magazine

Then I shrugged my shoulders. Nothing
much was left to lose ... I passed the
obsequious figure and went into darkness.

  I heard the click of a lock behind me,
and footsteps fading down the hall.

  I found a wall by groping, and leaned
against it. A voice, muffled as though it
came through a filtered microphone, said,
“That will do nicely, Barry Amsterdam.
You may stand as you are.”

  I answered, “Who the hell are you?”
My voice sounded grim, as though it were
echoing from wall to wall of that small
room, as though the room were a cata-
comb. . . .

  “I am Justice, if you like a name.” The
voice, I told myself, in spite of the stiff-
ness of those short hairs at my nape, must
be human. Again that pestering gap! It
was a joke. ... I said as much.

  “This is not a joke,” the voice went
on. “Justice has long been due to you and
your kind—parasites, despoilers, fatteners
on the land! There is in each of your
lives, or in the lives of those you pretend
to love, some crime too ugly for public
knowledge. But Justice knows!”

  Of course it was a human voice!
Damnably human ! That pestering thought
at the back of my head was beginning to
click ... in a moment, I’d have my finger
on it. I said, “What is this ? Blackmail ?”
As though it had not heard me, the
muffled voice continued, “And you, Barry
Amsterdam ... we have waited for you
a long, long time! Too long you have
escaped the fate you merit, but you will
not escape now.”

  The thing had clicked. I knew the name
of the man behind that voice. It had been
so evident, all along, that I’d missed it!
Exultantly I realized that at last I was
one step ahead of him, because I knew who
he was, and he didn’t know I knew it. I
couldn’t blurt it out now. It might have
been my death sentence.

  To keep my voice steady, I yelled, "So
what ?”

  “You will mail to the Quadrangle Club
in the morning a check for one hundred
thousand dollars. You will shun the so-
ciety of friends. You will do our bidding,
come at our call, and respond out of your
generosity to any further call for funds.”

   “The hell I will!”

   “You will do these things, or else the
death that rots before it kills will come
to Bonny Carter.”

  I shouted, “You dirty perverted mur-
derer!” I wanted to hit something, hard,
but you can’t hit at a voice.

  “We are glad to accommodate with
proof,” the voice slurred on. Then I had
to grab at the wall, because the floor
started tilting under me, like one of those
crazy things at Coney Island. I felt my-
self slipping, gently, to a lower level in
the building where there was light.

CHAPTER FOUR

The Scent Of Burning Flesh

T BLINKED a little. I was in a sort of
cage, constructed by driving iron bars
in a semicircle from floor to ceiling of a
stone-walled room. The back wall of the
cage was the section of the floor that had
just swung down. At a height of ten feet
there was a gap in the rails, through which
I had fallen; and a sort of gate in front
of me, latched on the outside.

  The room beyond my cage was large
and rectangular and had a platform ex-
tending across the far end. A big machine,
something like a gigantic searchlight, oc-
cupied the left side of it. Wide cracks of
light in the long wall to my left indicated
a shut door.

   There was a chair just in front of the
camera-thing, a wooden chair, with leather
straps about the legs and back. I peered,
trying to find a sign of life in the purplish
dimness.

  Far to the left, in the shadows, two
figures gleamed, luminously white. I cried
out in sheer horror at the sight of them
Corpses on Parade

101

... they were women, nude, bound upright
to stone pillars.

  One of them was Bonny. Bands of ad-
hesive covered her mouth.

  Had I found her—too late? I went
crazy mad, tried to force the steel bars that
kept me from her, shouted insane chal-
lenges to the thing that had done this to
us.

  Two black-robed figures stepped from
behind the machine. One of them stood
guard over the helpless women; it was
hooded, and I recognized it as the thing
that had spirited Bonny out of her
brother’s coffin, that had taunted me a few
minutes ago in the dark room.

  I was cold with despair, because I knezv
who he was. I knew, but my knowledge
had come too late—I could do nothing.
And Bonny in deadly danger. . . .

  The other figure was not hooded—it
was the club’s butler! He descended from
the platform and walked toward me, com-
ing to a stop just out of reach of my arms.
His robe fell open a little and I caught
a glimpse of the heavy automatic that
ne9tled in its holster under his shoulder.
God! I thought. If I could only get my
hands on that gun for thirty seconds!

  The butler said, “Sir, the master wishes
you to witness an exhibition. He trusts
it will bring you around to his way of
thinking.” He retreated, and while my
heart went berserk in my throat, I saw
him unbind one of the struggling nude
figures, and strap her to the plain wooden
chair.

  Not Bonny, thank God! The girl fac-
ing that evil-looking macfline was Mona
Wells. Like a demon lecturer explaining
his lantern slides, the butler continued
suavely, “Mrs. Wells has aiso refused to
accede to our wishes. She has one more
chance before we accomplish her end—a
little prematurely, to be sure.”

  Mona shrieked in horror, “I won’t do
itl You can’t make me, you murdering
fiends! You got Martin, didn’t you?

Well, you can send me after him!”

  As though it were a step in a routine,
the butler opened that door on the left
wall . .. light flooded the chamber. There,
behind a network of iron bars, like the
door to a prison, their foul white Saces mad
with hatred of the fiend who had destroyed
them, stood the legion of the cursed—the
rotting! Beyond them, I saw the sad but
still-human faces of the others.

  “Mrs. Wells,” said the butler, “will do
nicely for your education, Mr. Amster-
dam.” He stepped behind the machine. I
heard a whirring sound, and there was a
sudden, blinding flash of light accom-
panied by the sickening smell of burnt
flesh. Mona shrieked again. God, I’ll hear
those shrieks in a dream the night before
I die!

  It had happened! That was all it took;
a whirring sound, a flash of light, and you
—started to rot! I joined her shrieks.
Over and over again I screamed at the
hooded monster and the inhuman butler:
“You damned swine! You damned
swine!”

  Mona’s voice died to a whine, and be-
came silent. She slumped in her bonds.
The butler undid her straps and led her
back to the pillar and tied her up again.
Her head slumped forward on her chest
—she was unconscious. I hoped that she
was dead.

  The butler glanced at her once and then
came over and stood near my cage—a Httle
nearer than before. I could have almost
reached out and touched him. A sudden
inspiration flashed through my mind. It
was a slim and desperate chance . . . but
it might work! If only I could get him
one step closer. . . .

  The rotting corpses who once were my
friends were silent now behind their bars
—silent with hopeless terror and despair.

T^HE hooded figure turned toward me.

An unholy chuckle escaped from un-
der the hood. “Do you see your friends
102

Dime Mystery Magazine

now, Barry Amsterdam ? Do you see
them as they are? As you will be soon?
Their bodies are rotting now even as their
souls rotted long ago. It is Justice and
they are afraid of Justice. They are afraid
of me! Those who have not yet felt the
power of my—for want of a better name,
shall be call it Radium X-Ray?—treat-
ment, know that their time to face it will
surely come.

  “They don't know me, Barrv Amster-
dam, these sons and daughters of the four
hundred. I am only one of the forty mil-
lion. But they are afraid of me! They
know that they are safe only so long as
they obey me. They cannot escape, for no
matter where they go, I can follow them
—because they don’t know who I am. I
can sit beside them on the train or drink
with them at their houses, and they will
not know that Justice has overtaken them.
They will never know—until it is too late
and their souls are roasting in hell!”

  He stopped suddenly and gestured
toward Bonny. “Perhaps another demon-
stration will convince you, Barry Amster-
dam, that it is better to submit to me. She
no longer has any money, so she can no
longer ol>ey my commands. It is time for
her to meet the death her rotten soul de-
serves.”

  It had come! I could wait no longer.
The single card I held must be played—a
slim, last, desperate hope. . . .

  I shouted:

  “No one else may know you now . . .
but I know you—Duke Livingstone!”

  The hooded figure uttered a roar of
rage and sprang toward his fiendish ma-
chine. The butler, his face white with
sudden fear, took an involuntary step
toward me—started to draw his pistol.

  This was what I had hoped for! At
the same moment I had shouted Duke Liv-
ingstone’s name, I thrust ray arms through
the bars of my cage. My hands clasped
behind the butler’s neck and with the
strength of a madman, I jerked his head

toward me. There was the sodden crunch
of flesh and bone meeting hard iron and
the butler’s form went slack in my arms.

  Duke Livingstone had halted momen-
tarily in astonishment at my sudden action,
and that hesitation was all I needed. Hold-
ing the unconcious butler against the bars
with one arm, my other hand darted to
his half-drawn automatic. I fired two
quick shots.

  Duke spun heavily, reeled back a half-
dozen paces, and slumped to the floor.
I fired three more shots into his twitching
body. It jerked convulsively and then was
still. . . .

  As the echos of the shots died away
there was absolute silence for a few sec-
onds. I heard a high-pitched voice scream.
“The butler has the keys!” and then all
hell broke loose. Shrieking imprecations
and crying for me to free them so that they
might tear their former tormentors to
pieces, the mob of living corpses beat fran-
tically at the iron bars of their prison,
while the yet untainted were almost hys-
terical with joy.

  T found the keys, but before freeing the
others I released Bonny and held my coat
about her head as we hurried from that
hellish room so that she could not see the
sickening and ghoulish fate of Duke Liv-
ingstone and the butler. . . .

66T SUPPOSE it drove him crazy,” I
explained to the reduced group of
friends who had survived. “He was always
saying that it got him, knowing the things
he knew about people.”

  “He was a devil!” moaned Jane An-
ders, Grant’s sister. “He got Judge
Rainey’s wife, to keep the police off us.
He played husband against wife, mother
against child. He was a ghoul!”

  “We mustn’t talk about it,” Bonny
whispered. “Barry, take me home.”

  She nestled against me in the car.
“Barry, I tried to save you. That’s why,
yesterday, when I caught a glimpse of you
Corpses on Parade

103

from the car, I showed myself, hoping
you’d follow me. If you couldn’t rescue
me at once, I thought at least you’d see
that the mess was far too loathsome for
you to bother with.”

  My arm wound tighter about her. “You
thought that would keep me away! Bonny,
didn’t you know I loved you?”I thought
for a moment of the inanity of women, and
of the courage of this one. “But Bonny,"
I said, “why did you leave my apartment
the night I left you with Suki ?”

  She shuddered slightly. “Duke Living-
stone called and told me Andy was alive,
that he’d seen him. He seemed to think
I knew more about it that he did, so I
didn’t think anything was wrong, till I
found myself his prisoner. He kept me
gagged most of the time. . .

  I swore softly at the dead. . . . “If I’d
only realized what I should have realized
a little earlier! I might at least have saved
poor Mona Wells. It kept bothering me,
what the tie-up was between the Quad-
rangle Club and the horrors. I was help-
less before it dawned on me that Duke was
the tie-up. He had to be the man. It was
he who’d suggested it to me in the first
place. If it hadn’t been for Duke, there
just wouldn’t have been a tie-up—either
in my mind or in the newspapers. I won-
der why he didn’t try to keep it a secret ?”
“Duke wanted his scheme to have pub-
licity, because, I imagine, he was about
ready to close operations in New York.
With Thea Rainey dead, he couldn’t stave

off an investigation much longer. And
when the investigation started, he'd be out
from under. Then he meant to give the
horror as much front page space as pos-
sible, so that when he started operations
elsewhere under the same disguise, people
would be afraid of him.

  “He meant to use you, Barry, either as
a victim or an ally. If you’d been fright-
ened off at the graveyard—if you hadn't
come to the Club—you’d have been his
chief character witness at an investiga-
tion. But you came, Barry—and you
saved all of us who were left to save.”

  I had been nodding as she explained,
and suddenly I felt that my head wasn’t
going to nod any more at my volition. I
was really faint. I pulled up to a curb, ex-
plained, and let Bonny take the wheel.

  “Dearest, what’s the matter ?” she asked
anxiously.

  I said, “That darned clout on the head
I took last night. Wonder if I should have
it X-rayed.”

  “No!” She almost shrieked at me.
“Don’t—even—think of that word again!”

*	* *

  I had it X-rayed, nevertheless, but there
wasn’t anything wrong except a bump.
Bonny doesn’t know about that. Our
home life is about as harmonious as things
human can be, but—I hope and pray
neither of us needs an X-ray again! Be-
cause I still remember the look in Bonny’s
violet eyes, when I mentioned the
word....

THE END
WE AMERICANS are an incredulous people. We do not like to believe in
anything we cannot see or touch. When something occurs that we cannot
quite understand or account for, we are only too likely to shrug it off as
being impossible, and forget about it as quickly as we can .... Yet who among
us can understand the common, everyday facts of life or death?

  We like to think of ourselves as being
a progressive people — as possessing
greater knowledge and wisdom than ever
man had before. Yet many of our modern
discoveries and inventions were common-
place in the great civilizations that flour-
ished while we were but half-naked
savages, roaming the vast forests with no
thought but to keep our bellys full. It is
a strange and somewhat awesome
thought! Men who have spent their en-
tire lives among the meager ruins that
are all that these ancient races have left
to us, say that we have no more than
tapped the secrets of their lost sciences
and forgotten powers—that the greatest
wonders of the past are still hidden
from us.

  What happened to these once magnifi-
cent cities ? Did any of their peoples escape
whatever dreadful scourge it was that
could so suddenly and so completely de-
stroy a whole civilization? No one knows

  . . but it seems probable that a few
must have survived. And that these mis-
erable wretches, fleeing to distant lands,
mingled with the roaming savage tribes
and passed on to them some of their secret

104

powers .... Still in some of the des-
olate, out-of-the-way fastnesses of this
vast continent, there are small bands of
Indians whose legends tell of how the
gods came to them eons ago and taught
them their mysteries, and whose fearful
rites are traceable to no known source.
They are different from other Indians
and the very few men who have pene-
trated their strongholds—and have re-
turned alive—have told such fantastic
tales of the eerie and occult powers of
their priests and chiefs, that, not so very
long ago, these brave men would have
been burned as witches ....

 In the May issue of DIME MYS-
TERY MAGAZINE, J. O. Quinliven
takes us to the home of one of these
strange tribes whose murderous rites and
ancient curses went back to the earliest
men on our continent—almost, it might
be said, to tjie ages before man. From
them came the severed head, its teeth still
dripping blood, that lay beside the torn
body of the Mexican girl. And to them
went Margaret Trellis and Bob Daven-
port—to witness the awful "Dance of the
Blood Drinkers” ....
Dime Mystery Magazine

          (Continued from page 87)
like you wouldn’t do such a thing . . .

T>UT Doctor Kelland didn’t need Car-
dell’s answering sardonic chuckle to
asure him that the heartless demon was,
in fact, quite capable of operating on his
daughter without giving her an anasthetic
—ami of deriving an evil pleasure from
the monstrous act.

  “You’re mad, Carlos. You can’t get
away with it. . .

  Cardell chuckled again. “I rather fancy
I can," he said. “You see there will be
no one to testify against me. I presume
that someone knows that you came up
here this afternoon for the purpose of
having Helen’s patella set. Therefore I
shall set Helen’s patella with the greatest
care. I assure you that I shall do a job
that any surgeon in the world would be
proud of—supposing that anyone else
were capable of performing it besides my-
self. I’m sure that it will attract favor-
able comment from the medical examiner
at the post mortem.”

  “The—the post mortem—?”

  “Ah, yes. I’m sorry to be the bearer
of bad news, Doctor, but I am quite sure
that on the way down the mountain this
evening you and Helen are going to have
a most lamentable accident. Your car is
going over the cliff just below the last
turn before you reach the valley. And
since both of you will be in it at the
time, you will naturally both come to a
tragic end. However, you will actually
have departed this life some minutes be-
fore—and in a most entertaining manner
—in this very room.”

  As he spoke, a faint smile curving his
lips, Cardell ran the tips of his fingers in
a possessively lustful manner over the
smooth skin of Helen’s naked, body. Un-
der its slight stimulant the girl stirred,
and presently, to her father’s horrer,
opened her eyes and gazed about in a
dazed, uncomprehending manner.

          (Continued on page 106)

GREATEST
BARGAIN

IN TEN YEARS

NEW REMINGTON NOISELESS

PORTABLE TYPEWRITER

A DAY

Money Back GuarantM
IO-Day FrM Trial Offer

AT LASTI The famous Remington Noiseless
- Portable that speaks m a whisper is avail-
able for only 10c a day. Here is your opportunity
to get a real Remington Noiseless Portable

equipped with all attachments that make for
Complete writing equipment. Standard key-
board. Automatic ribbon reverse. Variable line

spacer and all the conveniences of the finest por-
table ever built, PLUS the NOISELESS feature.

Act now while this special opportunity holde
good. Send coupon TODAY for details.

  YOU DON’T RISK A PENNY
We send you tbe Remington Noiseless Portable
for 10 days FREE trial. If you are not satisfied,
send it back. WE PAY ALL SHIPPING
CHARGES.

•	FREE TYPING COURSE

With your now Remington Noiseless Portable we will eend
you—absolutely FREE—a 19-page course in typing. It
teaches the Touch System, usedby all espert typists. It is
amply
as simp

method.__________, ......

adult, becomes fascinated. Follow this course during the 10-
Dav Trial Period we giveprou with your typewriter and you
will wonder why you erdr took the trouble to write letters
by hand.

•	FREE CARRYING CASE

Also under this new Purchase Plan we will eend jou FREE
with every Remington Noisalw Portable « special carrying
case sturdily built of 3.ply woo^. This handsome case is
covered with heavy du «>itf fabric. Tbe top is removed by
one motion, leaving the machine firmly attached t<xhe base.

This makes it easy to use your Remington anywhere—on
knees, in chairs, on trains. Don’t delay ... send In the cou-
pon for complete details'

SEND COUPON WHILE LOW PRICES HOLD

    Remington Rand inc.. Dept. 193-4
    465 Washington St., Buffalo. N. Y.

     Please tell-me how I can get a new Remington Noiseless Port-
     able typewriter, plus FREE Typing Course and carrying case,
     for only 10c a day. Also send me new illustrated catalogue.

 Name................................

 Address. I.-............................

 City............................State.

105
TIRED OF LOATHSOME
SCHOOL-AGE PIMPLES?

Let milUoas of tiny, living plants help
keep Mood free of skin irritants

 Thousands of young people have said good-by
 to the curse of youtn—a pimply skin. They
 know what happens between the ages of 13 and

 25, the time of life when important glands de-
 velop. Your syBtem is upset. Poisons may pol-
 lute your Wood stream and bubble out on your
 skin in ugly pimples. Then you need to cleanse
 and purify your blood.

    Let Fleischmann's Yeast help remove these
 impurities the natural way. Millions of tiny,
 active, living yeast plants will help keep poisons
 from the blood and nelp to heal your broken-out
 ■kin. Many report amazing results in 30 days
 or less. Start eating Fleischmann’s Yeast now.
 Buy some tomorrow!

                              Cvrdcbt. 1988. St*»<tard tonda !ooon>or«e<5

                         Cfctij Commissions Dally: Cash
                         Boonwa Begularly. Biggest and
                         | finest line. Dress Shirts. Sport
                         Shirts, Ties, Hose. Underwear, all
                         guaranteed for customers’ satis-
                         ! faction. We Pay Postage. Com-
                         plete Sales Outfit FBEE. Write

      ______TODAY.

Dept. P-«. ROSECLIFF-QuiKgB. 1239 B'wuy. W. V.

 * AMA2JNG c/Vert
 KUSHtONTRW Shots

WRITF FOR,

«RIE OUTFIT

Big

Quick
Cash

Profits _____

VOOR OWN SHOES FREE

 Start your own btt»iness without invent-
 mnit. Stea<*y mcome nil ycwr «howine
 outstanding new Spring line Men’s, Worn-
 en'n. Children's shoos. Over ISO styles*

 910.000	Gold B.ond guarantees satisfaction.

Free shirts, ties, hosiery offers CO cutflotnera.

 Wonderful self-adjusting Inbuilt arch. We ptrw
 posts (CO. No experience ©ceded. 8tg 1)0 BomoU
 Case of Shoes *ree! Write TODAY for fuM lnftx-

“AUTO GOES 32 MILES
      ON 1 GALLON OF GAS”

      . Say* G. Kuenkal.
A wonderful improved auto gas eoonomirer wlilch Is self-
regolatiug. helpa motorists cut gas costa. "I can make 32 miles
on a gallon where i made 23 before," says Kddie Maahak. Any-
one can attach to any auto. Unusual moneymaking proposition
open for sales distributors. Sample sent for trial—suansky Mfc.
Co.. D-762 i'ukwana. S. Dak. Pay nothing if It does not save gas
and help SATIS auto running expense. Send name, address and
mate of oar today—a lc postcard will do._

Home Study

Accountancy Training

Accountant* who know their work

command responsible )

good

train

 - ----------- .Jtions and

  lines. And tie need foe
  accountants is growing.

 About 16,000 Certified Public Ac-
 countants in U. S.
 sands mi
 Many
 train

 .Accountancy

 n you thoroughly e
 •e tijne far C. P. .
 exeeuuv'e aeooun

. and mafly thou-
execlitive accountants.

$2,000 to *15,000.

' at hgnjjje lnj

accounting pqBtaoos.l

     Previous bookkeeping knowledge un-
     necessary—we prepare yon from tii, cnrri
     ground up. Our training Is personally r Ktc!
     given by atalf of C. P. X.’s. Low cost Book ■

     —easy terms. Write for valuable free 64-page book de-
     scribing opportunities in accounting field and telling how
     you may enter It successfully.

        lasalle extension

D»p*. 4334-H	Chicago

106

Monster of His Making_

(Continued from page 105)

  Unable to restrain himself in the tide
of grief and terror which overwhelmed
him, Doctor Kelland cried out, “Helen!
Oh, God, Helen—”

  The girl looked toward him, where he
sat in the shadows. “Yes, father,” she
murmured, her mind still cloyed with the
last effects of the anastlietic.

  Then a movement at her side caused
the girl to turn her head and her eyes
fell on the fantastic figure of Cardell.
“Great heavens, Carlos,” she exclaimed,
“What are you doing in that costume?”
The evil smile on the young man’s face
deepened. “I doubt whether you would
understand, my dear,” he said. “Put it
down to a perverted taste for the the-
atrical. I am about to indulge myself
in a rare pleasure—that of arousing cer-
tain emotions which, in another man, are
gratified with comparative ease, but which
it my case require rather powerful stim-
ulae.”

  As lie finished speaking, Cardell took a
gleaming scalpel from die small table at
his side and bent over Helen’s defense-
less body.

  The girl’s tortured writhings were held
firmly in check by the cruelly tight straps
which bound her to the table. Her
screams, which all her fortitude was un-
able to repress as the fiendish surgeon’s
knives bit into the sensitive nerves of her
knee, blended with Doctor Kelland’s help-
less, desperate cursing. Then, finally she
fainted, and although the satanic gleam
of pleasure faded from Cardell’s eyes as
she did so, he kept working until the
operation was finished and the wound
closed and bandaged. Then he carefully
prepared a new plaster cast, and encased
the girl’s leg in it. Before she regained
consciousness, the operation was over.

  But this, as Doctor Kelland knew only
too well, was just the beginning. Cardell
had performed the operation to provide
himself with an alibi. After the bodies
had been unearthed from the wreckage of
_Dime Mystery Magazine

 their car, he would tell of their visit to
 his mountain home for the purpose of
 having the operation performed on
 Helen’s knee. The testimony of Kelland’s
 servants, and the condition of the knee,
 itself would substantiate his story.

   Cardell straightened, and under the
 weird red light which poured down on
 him from above, he was the picture of
 Satan incarnate. He grinned at Kelland,
 and then turned his eyes, ablaze, now.
 with unholy lust, on the girl lying
 stretched on the operating table. His
 hands slid lasciviously over her nude,
 helpless body, bestowing unspeakable
 caresses.

   “It’s a pity such beauty must be de-
 stroyed, my dear,” he murmured. “Soon
 I shall have to open your white skin and
 let your bright blood flow away. And that
 will bring me far greater ecstasy than
 the kisses you would never give to me.
 But first you shall give me something else
 —whether you desire it or not. . . . But
 perhaps, before it is over, you will de-
 sire it. . .

 TTE was bending over the girl, press-
 ing his body against hers, caressing
 her with a growing fever of passion when
 suddenly his movements were arrested by
 a cry of mingled despair and rage from
 Doctor Kelland.

   “For God’s sake, man, if you are foul
 enough actually to go through with this
 thing, at least have the decency to kill me,
 first.”

   Slowly Cardell arose from the body of
 his victim, the diabolical leer on his face
 deepening as he gazed toward the shad-
 ow-shrouded wall where Kelland sat.

   “Well, now, Doctor,” he said, “that
 really was not a part of my plans. But
 you do give me an idea. Both you and
 Helen are going to die of wounds which
 will appear to have been made by the fly-
 ing fragments of your car’s windshield.
 I believe they will both be abdominal, and
 (Continued on page 108)

ELECTRICITY

"LEARN BY DOING**
12 w-icks training

I’LL FINANCE
YOUR TRAINING!

  My 8ta Free Book trite yon how *¥•
  train yooin 12weeks—to start.(a
  ' r fleW of Electricity, bF
  t on real electrical m*~
  >ks or correspondence.

___ doa many to art train-

                               .. . than take 18 Months to par-
                               monthly payment* sUrtlna »
                               tnStn date you start school.

  Free lifetime employment o-'rvlco.Diesel
  Engines. Eliwtne Refrigeration and Air

l6§-s^eiefsrpuc0^E^».SCH00L I

  Send Bla Free Book with facta on Coyne tnuninff aod tell ms I
  >ui yeor* * Pay-Tuition- Aftor>Oraduat ton'’ Plan.	g

| about your*' * Pay •
! NAME

ADDRESS- .

I CITY__ STATE-

FALSE TEETH

                           I have thousands
 of satisfied cus-
 tomers all over the
 country who could
 not afford to pay
 big prices. I have
 been making den-
 tal plates for many years, by mall. I guarantee
 you satisfaction or they do not cost you one
 cent, and I take your word. Teeth made espe-
 cially for you personally can be tried for sixty
 days. In one Pennsylvania town alone, 91 people
 are wearing teeth made by me. They are satis-
 fied and saved money.

SEND NO MONEY

 My plates are very beautiful to look at and are

 constructed to give life-long service and satis-
 faction. You can look younger at once. They are
 made with pearly white genuine porcelain teeth.
 Well fitting and guaranteed unbreakable. Re-
 member you do not send one cent—Just your
 name and address, and we send

FREE

                free impression material and
 full detailed directions. Be sure
 to write today for my low prices and complete
 Information. Don’t put this off. Do It today.

DR. S. B. HEININGER, D. D. S.

 440 W. Huron St^ Dept. 472, Chicago, Illinois

107

Fashion Frocks, the world** largest dresa manuflwto^

im: company selling direct to women, offers a new.

astounding opportunity for men to enter their fast
growing organization with a specially tested, ’'MAN'S
PLAN" that means big steady profit* In a permanent,
staple business, with dresses, lingerie, hosiery,
children’s clothes. Big dally cash profit* with quick
selling line.

CHANCE TO BE DISTRICT MANAGER

Work up to district office of your own and
let other* work for yoo like Ellsworth of
Ohio who made $11,000 laat year. Fashion
L’JK’i'lk Frocks, the lead'.njf drean line, are truaran-

                  Hat) advorlined In Oood Houtokeophur
axlne aod other w«jreon> publication*.
• Fail lino now ready. Sent to you upoe
itVTIlUHm raaueot without ooet. Ru&h name and ad-
drons for this »miu:!nK Fre«- opportunity.

*\wf\ 1 dj FASHION FROCKS. Inc.
MM , 4	Dwt 00-100 Cincinnati. Ohio
8j| ’) •: su

IO DAYS' TRIAL

SEND ONLY 20 CENTS with name, age and address,
and by return mail RECEIVE a set of 14 TRIAL
GLASSES to select from to fit your eyes NOTHING
MORE TO PAY until you can see perfectly far and near.
Then the above Beautiful Style will cost you only $3.90.
no more; other styles $2.20 and up.

We only handle High Grade Single Vision and DOUBLE
VISION or KKYPTOK BIFOCAL toric lenses, ground
Into ONE SOLID PIECE of GLASS. DOCTOR H. E.
BAKER, O.D., with over 30 years' experience, GUAR-
ANTEES to give you Perfect Fit or NO COST. Circular
with latest styles and lowest prices FREE.

MODERN SPECTACLE CO., Dept. 84 0,

    _5125 Pensacola Ave.. Chicago, 111.

CHEAP OIL BURNER

NEW

TYPE

   »IWHY COOK OR HEAT With COAL or WOOD

 ]ek h.at at tarn of <mlv»—hotter,	Silos Into An* STOVE,

saw. no dirt, aahee or drvdg-	RMidi or FURNACE.

 mry. liurna cheap oil new way—no	~
 clogging op or carbon.

SENT ON TRIAL SM

 bill#, pays for itself qalcklr by
 ;h»y tMyes at oar _rt«kOffer of

FREE

Writ® q

SAMPLE Wonderful

 writ® quick—* post
 WHITES FACTORIE

■d will i
CS. 0-762 F

•Umm City. Mo.

MAKE MORE MONEY

TakingOrders For The NIMROD Line!

Earn mor« every day in the mr repre-
senting old established Arm with a com-
plete line of fast selling necessities: Shirts,

f los. Underwear, Hosiery, Dresses, Smocks,
  .incoats. Summer Suits, Pants, Breeches.
  •Its, Shoes, Coveralls, Shop Coats. Uni-

aviut, oinns, vvvvraus, oiiop ^oais, uni-
cornis, Play suits, etc. Every Item guaran-
•*_1. Experience unnecessary. Write quick
FREE SALES EQUIPMENT.

for l

     .. NIMftOft CO.. Dept. 1*0
4023-28 Lincoln Ave.

                 SEND FOR FREE COPY of Bhymine
                 Dictionary and Instruction Book on How
                 to Write Popular Songs. Submit best
                 poems, melodies today for our bona fide,
                 superior Offer.

MMM Publishers, Dept. 32B, Portland, Ore.

 For Kidney And
 Bladder Trouble

Stop Getting Up Nights

Here’s one good way to flush harmful waste
from kidneys and stop bladder irritation that
often causes scanty, burning and_ smarting
■ aru

    passage. Ask your druggist for a 86-cent box
    of Gold Medal Haarlem Oil Capsules—a splen-
    did safe and harmless diuretic and stimulant for
    weak kidneys and Irritated bladder. Besides
    getting up nights, some symptoms of kidney
    trouble are backaches, pufly eyes, leg cramps,
    and moist palms, but be sure to get GOLD
    MEDAL—it’s the genuine medicine for weak
    kidneys—right from Haarlem in Holland.

108

_Dime Mystery Magazine

(Continued from page 107)

I rather think you will take quite a long
time dying. So I think I shall give you
your wounds, now, so that your attention
will be somewhat distracted from which I
shall be doing to your daughter in a few
minutes. An interesting substitute for the
coup be grace, is it not ?”

  As he spoke, Cardell picked up a scalpel
and started walking toward the bound and
helpless figure sitting against the west
wall. But Doctor Kelland was hardly
aware of his approach. Within the past
five minutes he had discovered an un-
stoppered bottle of carbolic acid standing
on a shelf next to him, and he had con-
ceived an almost hopelessly desperate
plan. Almost hopelessly desperate—yet
it represented the sole chance of saving
Helen from this unspeakable demon.

  As Cardell came close to him, Doctor
Kelland suddenly bent his head sideways,
gripped the neck of the carbolic acid bot-
tle in his teeth and raised it to his mouth.
Cardell, fearing that he was about to lose
a cherished victim through suicide, sprang
forward with an angry cry. As he did so,
Doctor Kelland allowed the bottle to fall
from his mouth, to crash onto the floor,
and the next instant spewed a mouthful of
terrible acid into CardeH’s face!

  The man’s agonized shriek was joined
by the old surgeon’s horrible choked
coughing. The acid was burning away
the lining of his mouth, searing his tongue
and soft palate. Helen, from her operat-
ing table, had been able to turn her head
enough to see the desperate performance,
and she cried out wordlessly to her father.

  Cardell, shrieking and cursing, tore
madly at his eyes with both hands. He
staggered, fell to the floor, clawed his way
to his feet again, and went blundering
blindly about the room, seeking among
the bottles of the shelves of his cabinets
an antidote for the acid which was burn-
ing the eyes out of his head.

  “Oh, God!” he screamed. “I’m blind—
blind!”
WANT TO SAVE MONEY and get a better tasting cigarette?
Switch to AVALONS — a full-flavored blend of costly Turkish
and Domestic tobaccos — priced several cents below other
brands. Cellophane-wrapped. Union made. And sold everywhere.

Monster of His Making

  He fell to the floor again, threshed
about in a convulsion of agony, until, at
length, the paroxysms became less violent.
Kelland continued to cough steadily and
struggle weakly against the ropes which
held him to his chair. He was half in-
sensible with pain, and he knew that he
had won only a temporary victory over
his satanic opponent. Cardell would still
be able to grope his way about enough
to find them, as soon as his pain had sub-
sided, and he would surely kill them, even
though he would be unable to carry out
his plan of wrecking their car, and thus
directing suspicion away from himself.

  As though in confirmation of his worst
fears, Cardell presently stumbled blindly
to his feet. He pawed his way to "he in-
strument stand beside the operating table
and picked up a scalpel. He raised his
head then, and his face was a horror of
seared flesh and bloody, sightless eyes.
He grinned with a ghastly grimace.

66rpHAT’S right, Doctor," he whis-
pered hoarsely, “keep on coughing.
It will help me to locate you. I’m afraid
I won’t be able to do as neat a job as

I	had planned—but it will be just as effec-
tive, and I will enjoy it even more.’'’

  Doctor Kelland knew, then, that his
hour had indeed struck. He was utterly
unable to control the terrible coughs and
groans which his pain wrenched from his
body. Cardell, guided by the sounds,
would find him—and after that, he would
locate Helen. . . .

  The demon-faced surgeon crept slowly
toward his bound and helpless victim, the
hand gripping die scalpel raising expect-
antly as he drew nearer. Then, when he
had approaehed within a half dozen feet,
(Continued on page 110)

 , 60 DAYS'

  TRIAL

  M»d* to order by FTT-RfTE Improved meth-
  od BY MAIL, an over world. Finest Quality.
  MONEY-BACK GUARANTEE YOU WILL BE
  &ATISFIEO. We take your word. Catalog
  and Impression material FREE. Write NOW!

Send
no money

UNITED STATES DENTAL COMPANY

 Dapt. 487

1 IBS Mllwaukaa Avanua

 Chicago, Ok

  2 Lessons Free

        Enjoy One of Industry’s Best Jobs
       Oood Pay. Before anything la built, tbe Drafts-
       man must draw it. All Engineering—Bulldlui
       Manufacturing needs him. Any pickup means II
       call for the Draftsman.

         Study Work. One of tbe steadiest of all lines.
         Clean-1 n Wresting. Open road for promotion. A Job

when yon ara Dot old at 40. Wetratayouaodbolpplacoroa.

        No Exparianc* NMauary. Write today for facts
        and2beelnnlng)c8sons. No obligation. Actual les-

                     yoa cm entor thU wondorfal Hna *1. boco. '
                     it intemiptbkff prraaot Job. Addreea DD-449 J

American School. Drcxcl at 58th. Chicago

“COLT”
PROTECTION

65 ONLY! Genuine Colt Police Positive
caliber. 4". blue, very fine. $16.85: Rood
condition. $13.85.

52 ONLY I Colt Official Police 88 caliber, t".
blue very flnt*. $19.85.

49 COLT I .45 Government automatic*, excellent. $28.50;
very fine, $19.85.

Writ* for Ca^al^i of Gun*. Rif In. Colt*. SAW. Binocular*. to. ff D*p*nt

huMn sporting goods co, A-s^N'rck8'r**,
WORK FOR THE

GOVERNMENT

$1260 to $2100 YEAR

TO START

Men—Women /franki,™ institute
Many 1938 appoint- /	Dept. N174

raentii expected ,	Rochester, N. Y.

<? Rush FEEE list of U. S. Goranunent
5 bffe nay dependable JOBS. S2*paa»
^ book describing salaries, hours, work.
t> Tell me bow to qualify for one of these
/ Jobs.

 G*t rendy
 immediately

 Common education
 usually sufficient

 Mall Coupon ' Nam,
 Today—	'

SURE	/ Aiirt<1 .

109
BRAND NEW--

   feafhejkeiqhl

1938 Model	PORTABLE

Zmb/s

«wa .....

or On Easy Terms	5".-

  SEND NO MONEY—10 DAY TRIAL

      **2?^TelX bi*c*Bt value em offered—tho perfort family portable—
      100% cBicwnL	atr*»inlhio with M distinctive features, many

      L%X!R'&nly SP h«iL0i,pr*‘?P modcld Mllixue at *04.40. NOT A JUNIOR
      MODEL- Unconditionally Cuar*ntred. Simpio and <omrwi-
      aturdy corner ucUorr-rHenlly smooth and «"ift. Carry ioc caw included.

     SwjMt v°^r_5>t^lr-fT-. J? rLCa!ov*~

    I INTERNATIONAL TYPEWRITER EXCH.	0.7«~439T

   ■	Franklin and MonrooSts.. Chicago.	I

      I	PWao eead tl*e DeLuxo KliATHEitwiilGnT PnrtabW F. O. B. |

      ■	C'Jucaao. on 10 daya Trial. It I decide to keep it I will pay $30.50 ■

      ■	b* or *3.00 a month until *42.40 term prir« is paid. Or. if I am |
      f not perfectly fotnfied I onn return H within tho 10-day trial peri'*l. a
      | For muick Uuimuat «lv« rafaraucaa And occupation J

 | ffOM....................................4V...............1

 | Addrm.................................................... I

   imZnSi*	im-mfiSfU — - IttW -i

          •	several years, Diesel engines have been replacing
>tp and gasoline engines In power plants, motortrucks
[ &T\p busses. locomotivoe. shlp& tractors, d^edgeq, pumps,
I etc. And now the first mesel-powered passenger car is on
I the marRet. Our Home-study couree oft el’s you a real op-
I portttnity to prepare for a worth-while position In this

I	DQwfiVld. WtiuTXODA\

II	American School. D

  _„arc for a worth-while position In th
  0DAY for fall Injormatfpn. No ot>He**l«n.

  Dpt. d-4.Ii. I>nnl »t 58»t>, CMcqt

Prepare for a Thrill-
ing: Career in Finger-
printing and Secret
Service. Write for
Free Publications and Particulars if age 17 or over.
NATIONAL INSTITUTE. 340-B Electric Bldg., Omaha, Nebr.

CRIME DETECTION

                  ORIGINAL .

              POEMS, SONGS

For Immediate Consideration.....Send Poem* to

COLOMBIAN MUSIC PUBLISHERS. LID. 0*1. 14, TORONTO. CAN.

RELIE VED...ITCHING STOPPED

For quick relief from ltchingt>f ectema, rashes, pimples, athlete's
foot, andotber externally caused 6kin eruptions,use cooling, anti-
septic, liquid D. O. O. PRESCRIPTION. Gceaseless, stainless,
dries fast. Stops the most intense itching In a hurry. A 35c trial
bottle, at all drug stores, proves it—or your money back.

D*D*D«

Help Kidneys

Don’t Take Drastic Drugs

     Your Kidneys contain 9 million Uny tubes or filters which
may bo endangered by neglect or drastic. Irritating drugs. Be
careful. If functional disorders of tile Kidneys or Bladder make
you suffer from Getting tip Nights. Nervousness, Leg Pains, Cir-
cles tinder Eyes. Dizziness, Bnrtjaclio. Swollen Joints. Excess
Acidity, or Burning Passages, don't rely on ordinary medicine!;.
Fight 6iu-.il troubles wlih the doctor's prescription Cyitex. Cy#f«x
staffs working in 3 hours and must prove entirely satisfactory in
1 week, nnd be exactly the medicine you need or money back is
guaranteed. Telephone your dr,legist for Cystox (Siss-tPx) today.
The guarantee protects you. Copr. 1036 The Knox Co.

110

_Dime Mystery Magazine

          (Continued from l>aye 109)
lie suddenly flung himself forward, as
though no longer able to curb his fero-
cious impatience, and began slashing out
with the scalpel.

  The first blow ripped through the old
practitioner's coat sleeve, and the next
found a mark in his side. He flinched as
he felt the hot sting of the steel, and Car-
dell giving vent to an animal grunt of sat-
isfaction, went on slashing wildly, his face
contorted into a mask of fiendish pleasure.

  Then, suddenly. Doctor Kelland felt
one of the ropes that bound his arms to
his body give way. One of Cardell's wild
slashes had severed it. and Kelland found
that his right arm was almost free! He
began immediately to push forward on
the rope which hound his upper arm
against his body, and as Cardell buried
the scalpel in his left shoulder, the old
surgeon suddenly freed his entire right
arm.

  The pain of his shoulder wound stung
him to cnergetic action. He swung out
savagely, and struck the blood-thirsting
beast, who was cutting him to pieces,
square on the point of the jaw.

  The blow caught the younger man off
balance, his feet slipped on the glazed
tiling, and he crashed down, striking his
head with an audible crack against the
corner of a surgical cabinet.

  Doctor Kelland freed himself from the
remainder of his bonds in less than a min-
ute. Then he was at his daughter’s side,
slicing with a scalpel through the straps
which held her. Just as Cardell began to
stir again, Kelland lifted her with a super-
human effort and carried her into the hall-
way, and out to the car which awaited
them in the driveway—the car which was
to have become their coffin.

  Depositing the nude form of his daugh-
ter on the back seat, Doctor Kelland cov-
ered her with a robe, staggered around to
the driver’s seat, and started the motor
just as a ghastly figure appeared at the
door of the house, mouthing unintelligible
Double the Ufa oJ	fl I

 coat and vest with correctly
 matched panta.100,000 pattemiT^V
 Evety pair hand tailored to your measure.
 Oar match sent FREE (or your O. K. before
 pasta are made. Fit sraaracteed. Sand plm
 Of cloth or vat today.

Sell this MARVELOUS Too!

 KO fXP*R«£HCi J

 N*I0fC OIL ff-
 OW£NG!NifRS /

 OW ‘HGfNif
 CR aFT'm£n

 -amous Justrite COMBINATION
 SOLDERING 'ISS BLOW TORCH

 CHAN.CS Jl'
 EE7 ME'i, If f
 2J1K5RS I i
 RAf.f Jfj
 *»

7:?

it I

 ffltfikb 4du.7flatjic!

      Actually astounding—newly Def-
      lected. famous Justrite Combination
      Soldering Iron and Blow Torch trlvea
      super, sizzling-hot blue-white flame
      for soldering, light-brazing and gen-
      eral shop, laboratory, engineering
      repair work. Operates with
      100% satisfaction on less than 34
      cent per hour—fully guaranteed by
      reliable 31-year-old company.

       SELLS LIKE WILDFIRE—on dem-
       onstration! Start a good, clean,
       growing business of your own—call-
       ing on mechanics, engineers, plumb-
       ers. nr*#* T«on Wterv- °'f' erts. f*Hlo
       home craftsmen, painter*, nhwn
       worker*, etc. Make up to $6 to $8
       r—fun or part time.

        . Sensational, New "Distributor**
        ■ success Plan” to Distributors of
        this amazin* Justrite Combination Soldering
        - Blow Torch. Don't wait. Write for
        ._ Information TODAYt
        Justrite Mfg. Co.. Dept. 1*4.

Chicago. III.

 Justrite Mfg. Co..
 •001-81 Southport Av*.

Be a Radio Expert

Learn at Horn*

•Make Good Money

  Many men I trained at home In spare time make *30. }50. $T5 a
  week. Many make *5. $10. $15 a week extra In spare time while
  learning. Illustrated 04-pane book points cmt Radio's opportuni-
  ties. also how you can leam to be a Radio Expert throurh my
  practical B0-50 method of training Television traintnn i» In-
  cluded. Money Back Agreement given. Mall coupon today. Get
  book FREE.

  TiiiiiinmiiiminiiiiMiiiniiiimiiamiiiminimiiniimiiiiiiMiiiiiiiiiifimi*

 J. E. SMITH. President. Dept. 8DS9,	§

 National Radio Institute, Washington, D. C.	:

  Send me. without obllimtion. your fl4-raso book "Rich Reward* =
  In Radio" FREE. (Please write plainly.)	;

AGE.........i

 NAME.

 ADDRESS.

CITY....................

  .iiMiMiiiimiiiuiiiiimiiitiiiiiii

...............................S

................ STATE..........|

 IIIIIIIIIHIHIIIIItlMlllllHIMMIIirillHIIUIIII*

/$et

ec&ude

BUILDING UP YOUR

ALKALINE
RESERVE

  HELPS YOU TO
  RESIST COLDS

-	:

from ■ MIDICAL JOURNAL* “The researches (of these doctor*)
led them to believe that colds result from an acid condition.To over-
come this, they prescribe various alkalies."

Monster of His Making

 shrieks, pawing blindly through the empty
 air with clawed hands which still searched
 for his escaping victims.

   Doctor Kelland meshed the gears and
 steered the car out onto the main road.
 Five miles away was the State Hospital.
 There he could obtain relief from the
 burning agony of his mouth, the throb-
 bing hurt of his wounds. He would not
 be able to talk, or eat anything but liq-
 uids for months, but the time would come
 when again he could take his place in the
 operating room, wielding the knife, per-
 haps with not quite as much skill as in
 other days, but still well enough to bring
 relief to many a suffering human being.
 He asked no more from life than that. . . .
HERE'S QUICK WAV to Ret

Par.nn-.ll	the cash you need. Supply ama*-

      a .1 1 JPl lna hosiery (mcn’i, women**, children’*).
U»e »ent|	fiuarartirm to wear Without hole*. HiiaRS

With I or run* for as long na 11AI.F YEAR or will In* replaced
Outfit I FREE. Forth giv+n at (onua. Grace Wllbor earned «:i7.10

—	I in 0 hour*, received 3 new rare. Mr. Pnlrer earned

127.00	In 0 day*. Bend penny poatal for quick aUrUnu offer. NOWI
iVILKNIT HOSIERY CO..	Dopt. 15-D	Uroentl.ld. Ohio

  High School Course

   at Home

                      Many Finish In 2 Years

       Go as rapidly asj'our time and abilities permit. Coura#
       equivalent to resident school work — prepares you for
       entrance to college. Standard H. 8. texts supplied —

       Diploma. Credit for R. S. subject* already completed. Single ab-
       ject* If desired. High school education Is very Important for ad-
       vancement in baalneaa and industry and socially. Don’t be handl*
       capped all your life. Be a High School graduate. Start yooy
       training now. Freo Rolletln on reana»t. No obligation.

      ^ftnwrtan School, Dpt. H-4«»..Pra«l at 58th. Chicago_

Gamblers Secrets Exposed

Cards 4 new wavs to read 'em. Xray Ceethru know 1st. 2nd and
Srd without taking card off top. Dice Missers Passers. Quit losing.
Send $1.00 for now book "BEAT THE CHEAT.** Invisible card
ink. Slot Machine. Punchboard exposes. Add 25 cents for 1938
catalog. Send $1.25 to JOHNSON EXPOSES. Box 2488-P.
Kansas City. Mo._

lloarninr for

XI'-Tffl

GUITAR

HAMANN INSTITUTE OF MUSIC. 3011 N. 241b P.„ Dipl. 4. MilwmkM, Ms.

ASTHMA

 W. K. STERLINE,

Treatment mailed
on FREE TRIAL. If

satisfied, send $1; if
not, it’s Free. Write
for treatment today.
610 Ohio Av«.. SIDNEY, OHIO

                                     FREE

                                      BOOK

RAISE GIANT FROGS

                                                                                        WF RIlYl Good prices year round! Other market*
                                                                                        ,IL	waiting for all you can ship. Get ready now

                                                                           I or spring eggs. Start small pond, creek, lowland. Fl'oe book
                                                                           tfhows sketch. Send no money. Postcard brings st>ecla> offer
                                                                           to beginners. American FrOK Canning Co. <Oept. 1-8S-D<. New Orleans, La.

                                          WANTED — WEN

                                                                       to cast 5 and lOc Novelties, Toy Antos, Ashtrays, etc. Can be
                                                                       done In any spare room and no experience Is necessary. A rare
                                                                       opportunity to devote spare or full time to profitable work.
                                                                       Apply only If over 21.

                                                       METAL CAST PRODUCTS CO.. Dept. T
                                                  1696 Boston Road	New York. N. Y.

Classified Advertising

                       Agents Wanted                                             Old Money Wanted                      
Imagine a Rotary Slicing Machine at unbelievable price      $5.00 to $2,500.00 paid for rare coins. Send 15c for       
of $14.95. Sella on sight to every Restaurant. Lunoheon-    1938 newest 36 page illustrated coin buying book. Charles  
ette Roadstand. Grocer, etc. Slices Ham, Bacon. Meats.      Fisher, Chagrin Falls, Ohio.                               
Bread, etc. Two sales daily pay you $100 week. Write        Big Prices Paid For Certain Wanted Coins. 1909 cent        
GENERAL SLICING, Dept. P. 100 South Third Street,           $10.00, some silver Dollars $4000, 1864-1865 Indian Head   
Brooklyn. N. Y.                                             cents $100.00 each, dimes before 1895---$600, liberty head 
                         Aviation                           
                                                            
AVIATION APPRENTICES. GOOD FAY---BIG FU¬                    
TURE. Write immediately, enclosing stamp. Mechanix          
Universal Aviation Service, Strathmoor Station, Dept.       
U-2. Detroit. Michigan.                                     
                  Correspondence Courses                    
600.000 USED CORRESPONDENCE COURSES and                                              Patents                           
Educational Books. Sold. Rented. Exchanged. All sub¬        INVENTORS---Time counts---Don't risk delay In patent¬      
ject*. Satisfaction guaranteed. Cash paid for used courses. ing your invention. Write for new 48-Page FREE booklet,    
Complete details and bargain catalog FREE. Send name.       "Patent Guide for the Inventor." No charge for prelim¬     
Nelson Company, 3215 Manhattan Building. Chicago.           inary information. Clarence A. O’Brien and Hyman Ber¬      
                        Detectives                          
                                                            
Become a SCIENTIFIC CRIME DETECTIVE. Write                                     Poems---Songwriters                     
International Secret Service Institute, PP-48, Hoboken,     Songwriters: Interesting Proposition. Write: PARA¬         
N. J.                                                       MOUNT SONG-RECORDING STUDIO, L-20, Box 190,                
                 Educational & Instruction                  Hollywood. Calif.                                          
FOREST JOBS AVAILABLE $125-175 MONTH.                       SONG POEMS WANTED---any subject. Send best poem            
Cabin, hunt. trap, patrol. Qualify immediately. Write       today for offer. RICHARD BROS., 80 Woods BIdg.,            
Rayson Service. C-62. Denver. Colo.                         Chicago.                                                   
1938 GOVERNMENT JOBS. $105---$175 month. Pre¬               SONG POEMS WANTED TO BE SET TO MUSIC.                      
pare immediately for next examinations. Particulars         Free examination. Send poems to McNeil, Bachelor Of        
free. Franklin Institute. Dept. NS7. Rochester, N. Y.       Music, 4153 A South Van Nesa. Los Angeles, Calif.          
“ LEARN TOOL. DIE. MACHINIST WORK. SCREW                    POEM WRITERS. SONGWRITERS --- Send for free                
MACHINES. Booklet "B” FREE. Allied School. 616-W            Rhyming Dictionary. Songwriters- Guide. Submit best        
                      Farms for Saie                        poems, melodies today for bonafide. superior offer. MMM    
                                                            Publishers. Dept. 33A, Portland. Oregon.                   
STROUTS NEW SPRING CATALOG---Lists over 1500                                   TJ. S. Stamps Wanted                    
farms and highway bargains. Free. STROUT AGENCY,            CASH for unused U. S. Stamps at 90% face value.            
265-ZE Fourth Ave., New York City.                          Plymouth, 162 West 42nd, New York.                         
Closing Out-Automatics
6 Shot-32 caL No. 067

Fine blued finish; accu-
rate hard shooting: well
constructed ; smooth working:
good quality. Pocket size.

6%" overall; wt. 25 oz. $7.95
32 Cal. Colonial Military Model C»vg5
10 shot. 6Vi" overall; wt. 30 oz. 3 g —

Price now ..............$8.95

as C«l. German Automatic*; Flneat made: 7 ahot

Vest pocket aixo: "zehna"—$9.93; SchmeiaMr_510.93.

Kolaten Open 75c; Flap—Si.25; Shoulder—$1.73. Ammunition—
—20 cal.—60c; 32 cal.—70c per box of 20. *2 Oopo.it required
on C.O.O.'*.

Hans sold to minora. Bargain Catalog. S. * W.. Colts. Ri/lts. I'alice Goods.
Badges. Air Guns, Tsuscopts. eU. Send Sc stamp.

LEE SALES CO. (Dent. DG) 3S W.rt 32nd It. Nr* York City
  Sterling Silver Cup
Being Given Away ggSw: -ft
ThN valuable cup. of n- lid c:
sterling silver, ntantln
about 14 inches hijrh on a *v	'

black mahogany ha»e.	jfnSggk

I will awirrt It. ^mrraved.

to my n*» ‘I who maVes the mo*t Improvement
In hi* deve'nnm*-r»t w'fhin the rex* three month*.

LET ME START SHOWINC YOU RESULTS LIKE THESE

GEE what a build /
Didn’t it take a long
time to get those muscles?

No SIR! -ATLAS!
Makes Muscles GroJ
s.Like Magic/fry***. *r

SMOWI

 What a
 difference

 5 inches
 of new
 Muscle

 PVft/ • 'Started a
 week ago.
 Mr Have put 3 V*
 in. on chcst
 (normal) and 2 V* in.
 expanded."—F. S..

 ••After ONE WEEK my
 arms increased IV? in..
 chest 2V* in.. forearm
 ’T/m in., and I have aained
 4 lbs. —C. S. W.. Vs

 For quick results
 I recommend
 jb CHARLES
 w	ATLAS

Here’s what ATLAS
) did for ME/ .

 ••Am sending snapshot of won-
 derful progress. Certainly rec-
 ommend you for quick re-
 suits'"—W. G.. N. J.

GAINED
29
POUNDS -

 In any way. ThU
 in Charles Atlas
 an he look* today!

 Your method gives
 long. smooth muscle.
 When I started,
 weiahed onlv 141.
 Now weigh 170."—

 John Jacobs

BEFORE

 JohnJacobs

AFTER

7-Day TRIAL OFFER

 I could fill this whole magazine with enthu-
 siastic reports from OTHERS. But what you
 want to know Is—"What can Charles Atlas do
 for ME?"

 Find out—at my risk! Right in first 7 days
 I’ll start to PROVE I can turn YOU into a
 man of might and muscle. And it will be the
 kind of PROOF you (and anyone else) can SEE. FEEL.
 MEASURE with a tape!

 My PUKE HOOK tells about my amazing 7-DAY TRIAL OFFER—an
 offer no other Instructor as ever DARED make! If YOU want smashing
 strength, big muscles, glowing health—I’ll show you results QUICK!

FREE BOOK

  I myself was once a 97-pound weakling—sickly, half-alive. Then I dis-
  covered 1'Dynamic Tension.” And I twice won—against all comers—the
  title, “The World's Most Perfectly Developed Man” I

 I have no use for apparatus. •'Dynamic Tension” ALONE (rlqht In
 your own home) will start new Inches of massive power pushing out your
 chest—build up your shoulders to champion huskiness—put regular moun-
 tains of muscle on your biceps—free you of constipation, pimples—make
 those stomach muscles of yours hard ridges!

 CHARLES

ATLAS

 A recent photo or
 Charles A 11 a •.
 twice winner and

 holder of the title.
 ••The World*

 Boat Perfectly
 uveloped Man.
 Tills la NOT a
 ■tudio picture but
 a simple enlarge-
 ment made from
 nn ordinary small
 (innp*hot. No
 muaclca painted
 on” or retouched

 Will You Cive Me
7Days to PROVE ICan
Make YOU a New Man?

 CHARLES ATLAS, Dept.834.

 US East 23rd Street, New York, N. Y.

 I want proof that DYNAMIC TENSION will make a
 new man of me—give me a healthy, husky body and big
 niii-ele development. Send me your tree book. "Everlasting
 Health and Strength.”

t Please print or write Plaloli)

  Make me PROVE It! Gamble a postage stamp.
 FREE BOOK AT ONCE! Address me personally:
 834. 115 East 23rd Street. New York. N. Y.

 Send coupon for my
 Charles Atlas. Dept.

City.................................. s’»le-
                                                     A matchless
                                  blend of finer —
                                  MORE EXPENSIVE
                                  TOBACCOS-
                                  Turkish and Domestic

Copyright, IV.H8, R. J. Reynold* Tobacco Company,
WiiiHton-Salum, North Carolina

 Closing

6 Sb W

Are Camels Really different from
other Cigarettes ?

A QUESTION OF INTEREST
TO EVERY SMOKER

"I've never been very fussy about
cigarettes myself. Do you think
that Camels are really as different
as some people say, Bill? ”

... H. W. DALY, 34, rayon
salesman, and millions of
other steady smokers say:
‘Camels are really .differ-
ent." Camels are preferred
by the largest body of
smokers ever known,

°T“oTHER.'!Camels agree with me

                                                                                           THEY ARE THE

                                            LARGEST-SELLING

                                                                                    CIGARETTE IN AMERICA

MARITA'S PLANNING a

grand feed. "We enjoy
entertaining,” she says.
"I like plenty of Camels
at the table. Camels
cheer up one’s digestion.
They even cheered up
Bill's disposition.”

 "You bet, John! A fellow in any
 work as hard as selling has to fig-
 ure a lot of angles on smoking,
 such as how it agrees with him.
 And just notice how many sales-
 men smoke Camels. I changed
 to Camels and found a distinct
 difference in the way 1 enjoyed
 smoki ng. Camels agree with me!”

                                ■ ,. X

A FRIEND DROPS IN. Daly passes the Camels and answers a
question: "Steady smoking is the test that shows Camels in
a class by themselves. Camels don’t make my nerves 'edgy.'”

 A KISS FROM MARITA Mrs.

 Daly i and Bill is off to his
 job. The Dalys agree about
 Camels. Mrs. Daly smoked
 them first."Now it’s Ca taels
 with both of us,” she says.

PtOOll I>0 Al'PKtCIATl THE

COSTLIER TOBACCO,

IN CAMUS