Jhe Dystery of
four Hu^bi

BY	AUTIff

GASTON JbeVttk.
LErROUX	/AaII

DECEMBE

^19Z3A
BRAXD \EW

  GOHOM4Xa?

Lowest Price — Easiest Terms
Ever Offered

                       HERE’s your chance to own that brand new Genu-
                            ine Model 3 Corona you’ve wanted —on the

                                      easiest terms ever offered—at LOWEST PRICE ever offered.
                                Complete in every detail; back spacer, etc., Manufacturer’s Guaran-
                                tee. Recognized the world over as the finest, strongest, sturdiest
                                portable built.

oursfor 10 DAYS FREE

                     Only a limited number of these splendid machines avail-
         able. To get one, you must act now! Experience the joy this personal
         writing portable typewriter can give you! Use it ten days free! See how
         easy it is to run and the splendidly typed letters it turns out. Ideal for
         the office desk, home, traveling. Small, compact, light, convenient. Don’t

 send out letters, manuscripts, reports, bilk

- ........................... - - i

Save Money—Use this Coupon

in poor handwriting when you can have this
Corona at such a low price on such easy
terms. Remember these are brand new
machines right out of the Corona factory.

Carrying Case FREE

If You Act Now!

Leatheroid carrying case, oiler, instructions
free on this offer. Send no money—just the
coupon. Without delay or red tape we will send you the Corona
Try it 10 days. If you decide to keep it, send us only $2—then $3
a month until our special price of $39.90 is paid. Now is the
time to buy. This offer may never be repeated

Smith Typewriter Sales Corp., (Corona Division)
469 E. Ohio St., Chicago, 111. Dept. 612.

Ship me the Corona, F.O.B. Chicago. On arrival I’ll deposit $2 with
express agent. If 1 keep the machine, I’ll send you $3 a month until
the $37.90 balance of $39.90 price is paid; the title to remain with
you until then. I am to have 10 dayB to try the typewriter. If I decide
not to keep it. I will repack and return to express agont. who will re-
turn my $2. You are to give your standard guarantee.

Addre M
Employed by
n You Guess
is Man’s Age?

 f You Can Tell Within 25 Years;
 Author Couldn’t; But He Stuck
 1 Hobart Bradstreet Until He Re-
 ed His Method of Staying Young

  .'D to pride myself on guessing people’s ages,
-t was before I met Hobart Bradstreet, whose
I missed by a quarter-century. But before
. yon how old he really is, let me say this:
meeting-up with Bradstreet I count the
et day of my life. For while we often hear
fflr minds and bodies are about 50% efficient
at times feel it to be the truth—he knows
Furthermore, he knows how to overcome It
ive minutes—?nd he showed me how.

1 man offers no such bromides as setting-up
ses, deep-breathing, or any of those things
now at the outset you’ll never do. He uses a
pie that is the foundation of all chiropractic,
pithy, mechario-therapy, and even osteop-
Only he does not touch a hand to you; it
aecessary.

i reader will grant Bradstreet’s method of
g young worth knowing and using, when
he secret.

i here is the secret: he keeps his spine in trim.
' man or woman who thinks spine motion
t make a difference should try it! It is easy
h. I’ll tell you how. First, though, you may
:ious to learn why a healthy spine puts one
entirely new class physically. The spinal
n is a series of tiny bones, between which
id's or cushions of cartilage. Nothing in tha
try activities of us humans stretches the
So it "settles” day by day, until those once
nd resilient pads become thin as a safety-
blade—and just about as hard. One’s spine
most wonderfully designed sho?k-absorber
l) is then an unyielding column that trans-
•very shock straight to the base of the brain,
you wonder folks have backaches and head-
? That one’s nerves pound toward the end
Sard day? Or that a nervous system may
ically go to pieces? For every nerve in one’s
connects with the spine, which is a sort of
switchboard. When the “insulation,” or
ige, wears-down and flattens-out, the nerves
xposed, or even impinged—and there la
e on the line.

r, for proof that sublaxation of the spine
i most of the ills and ailments which spell
in men or women. Flex your spine—“shake
"—and they will disappear. You’ll feel the
nice in ten minutes. At least, I did. It’s no
to secure complete spinal laxation as Brad-
does it. But like everything else, one must
how. No amount of violent exercise will do
t even chopping wood. As for walking, or
r. your spine settles down a bit firmer with
step.

Bradstreet has evolved from his 25-year cx-
ce with spinal mechanics a simple, boiled-
'ormula of just five movements. Neither takes
than one minute, so it means but five minutes
But those movements! I never experienced
■ompound exhilaration before. I was a good
t for the test, for I went into it with a dull
che. At the end of the second movement I
lit I could actually feel my blood circulating,
lird movement in this remarkable Sfine-MO-
series brought an amazing feeling of ex-
tion. One motion seemed to open and shut
ickbone like a jack-knife,
ked about constipation. He gave me another
n—a peculiar, writhing and twisting move-
-and fifteen minutes later came a complete
ition!

art Bradstreet frankly gives the full credit of
nspicuous success to these simple secrets of
Motion. He has traveled about for years, con-
g those whose means permitted a specialist
beck and call. I met him at the Royct'oft
East Aurora. But Bradstreet, young as he
and feels, thinks he has chased around the

    HOBART BRADSTREET, THE MAN WHO DEFIES AGS

country long enough. He has been prevailed upon
to put his Spixe-Motion method in form that
makes it now generally available.

  I know what these remarkable mechanics of th«
spine have done for me. I have checked up at least
twenty-five other cases. With ail sincerity I Veliev
nothing in the whole realm of medici^; or special-
ism can quicker remake, rejuvenate and restore
one. I wish you could see Bradstreet himself. Ha
is arrogantly healthy; he doesn't seem to have any
nerves. Yet he puffs incessantly at a black cigar
that would floor some men, drinks two cups of
coffee at every meal, and I don’t believe he aver-
ages seven hours sleep. It shows what a sound
nerve-mechanism will do. He says a man’s power
can and should be unabated up to the age of BO.
in every sense, and I have had some astonishing
testimony on that score.

  Would you like to try this remarkable method
of “coming back?” Or. if young, and apparently
normal in your action and feelings, do you want
to see your energies just about doubled? It is easy.
No “apparatus” is required. Just Bradstreet’s few,
simple instructions, made doubly clear by his
photographic poses of the five positions. Results
come amazingly quick. In less than a week you
should have new health, new appetite, new desire,
and new capacities; you’ll feel years lifted off
mind and body. This man’s method can be tested
without risk. If you feel enormously benefited,
everything is yours to keep and you have paid for
it all the enormous sum of $3.00! Knowing some-
thing of the fees this man has been accustomed
to receiving, I hope his naming $3.00 to the gen-
eral public will have full appreciation.

  The $3.00 which pays for everything is not sent
in advance nor do you make any payment or de-
posit on delivery. Requests will be answered in
turn. Try how it feels to have a full-length spine,
and you’ll henceforth pity men and women whoso
nerves are in' a vise!

HOBAItT BKADSTREET. Inc., Suite 8899,

     630 S. Wabash Ave., Chicago, 111.

   I will try your Spine-Motton without risk if you will pro-
vide necessary instructions. Send everything postpaid, without
eny charge or obligation, and I will try it five days. If I find
Spine-Motiox highly beneficial I can remit just S3 in full
payment; otherwise I will return the material and will owe
r^u nothing.

Xtmc__

Address

Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements
            Published monthly by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E. Wash-
      ington Street, Indianapolis, Ind. Entered as second-class matter March 20, 1923, at
      the post office at Indianapolis, Ind., under the act of March 3, 1879. Single copies, 25
      cents. Subscription, $2.50 a year in the United States, $3.00 a year in Canada. English
      office: Charles Lavell, 13, Serjeant’s Inn, Fleet Street, E. C. 4, London. The publishers
      are not responsible for the loss of unsolicited manuscripts, although every care will be
      taken of such material while in their possession. The contents of this magazine are
      fully protected by copyright and must not be reproduced either wholly or in part without
      permission from the publishers.

      _ NOTE—All manuscripts and communications should be addressed to the publishers*
      Chicago office at 840 North Michigan Avenue, Chicago, 111.

                                          FARNSWORTH WRIGHT, Editor.

Copyright, 1929, by the Popular Fiction Publishing Company

Contents for December 1929

Cover Design_________________________________Hugh Rankin

          Illustrating a Scene in “The Mystery of the Four Husbands"

Pantaisie d’Antan__________________Clark Ashton Smith 724

          Verse; decoration by Hugh Rankin

The Eyrie ____________________________________________ 726

          A chat with the readers

The Mystery of the Pour Husbands_________Gaston Leroux 730

          A vivid weird mystery-story of a gloriously beautiful woman
          and her four murdered husbands

Children of Ubasti_______________________Seabury Quinn 742

         An uncanny adventure of Jules de Grandin—a tale of a
         ghoulish pair who tvere neither brute nor human

[CONTINUED ON NEXT PAGE]

 722

COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN
[continued from preceding page]

The Gallows Tree_________________________N. J. O’Heail 760

      A powerful occult story of a spectral tree that stood out on
      the moor and hired the doomed man to it

The Ticking of the fJlock__________A. and H. Greatraikes 766

      Cold terror assailed the bound man as the inexorable seconds
      ticked off his doom

Behind the Moon (Part 1)_____________W. Elwyn Backus 769

      A three-part icevrd-scientific serial story of eery perils and
      blood freezing horrors encountered on the moon

In the Valley____________________Bertrande Harry Snell 794

     Verse

The Dancer in the Crystal________________Francis Flagg 795

     Horror and panic seized the world when the crystal was
     broken and the black spot liberated

Skull-Face (Conclusion)______________Robert E. Howard 809

      This swift-moving three-part serial rises to a crashing climax
      in these concluding chapters

The Shuttered Room________________________E. F. Benson 826

     A ghastly horror hovered over the house—a tale of clair-
     voyance, by a well-known British writer of weird stones

No Other Man_________________________David H. Keller 835

     Another ivhimsical weird story about Cecil, son of James,
     Overlord of Cornwall

The Inheritors_______________________August W. Derleth 842

      A brief story about a ghastly curse that struck on a certain
      day in each year

The Depths of the Lens_________________N. R. McFarland 845

      A short weird-scientific story involving a fantastic experience
      with a microscope

Weird Story Reprint:

The Stranger from Kurdistan_______E. Hoffmann Price 848

     One of the most popular stories from WEIRD TALES of
     several years back is reprinted here	„

A King in Babylon------------------------W. E. Henley 852

     Verse

For Advertising; Kates in WEIRD TALES Apply Direct to

WEIRD	TALES

Western Advertising Office:	Eastern Advertising; Office:

BARLEY Li. WARD, INC., Mgr.	GEOKGE W. STEARNS, Mgt.

360 N. Michigan Ave.	Flatiron Building;

Chicagro, IU.	New York, N. Y.

Plione, Central 6269	Phone, Algonquin 8328

723
PAMTAI/IE cTA/ITA/1

bvClarkA5t\ton<5mith

Lost and alien lie the leas,

Purfled all with euphrasies,
Where the lunar unicorn
Breasts an amber-pouring mom
Risen from Hesperian seas
Of a main that has no bourn.

Only things impossible
There in deathless glamor dwell:
Pegasus and sagittary,

Trotting, part the ferns of faery;
Succubte and seraphim
Tryst among the eedars dim;
Where the beaded waters brim,
White limoniads arise,

Interlacing arms and tresses
With the sun-dark satyresses;
There, 011 Aquilonian skies,
Gryphons, questing to and fro
For the gold of long ago,

Find at eve an aureate star
In the gulf crepuscular;

There the Hyperboreans,

Pale with wisdom more than man "s,
Tell the wileful centauresses
Half their holocryptie lore;

There, at noon, the tritonesses,

All bemused with mandragore,
Mate with satyrs of the shore. . . .

Love, could we have only found
The forgotten road that runs
Under all the sunken suns
To that time-estranged ground,
Surely, love were proven there
More than long and lone despair;
Holden and felicitous,

Love were fortunate to us;

And we too might ever dwell,
Deathless and impossible,

In those amber-litten leas,

Circled all with euphrasies.

724
 ALL of a sudden the office was very quiet, as some-
 times happens for an instant or two, and a. few
 w words reached me. “Oh, he won’t dare kick,”
 the manager was saying, “he’s a pretty weak sister.”
 Mechanically I went on with my work, wondering
 vaguely who the weak sister could be. A new man
 had just been hired for our de-
 partment and desks were being
 moved to make room for him. A
 minute later I looked up and saw
 the chief clerk standing at my
 side. “Bob,” he crisply ordered,

 “move your desk back in that
 corner, I want this space for
 the new assistant I’ve hired.”

 Then he turned and strode away.

   I gulped and wilted down into
 my chair. I was the weak sis-
 ter! And I was actually being
 demoted! The new man was be-
 ing hired for my place! This
 was my reward for ali my hard
 work—this was how I won out
 by waiting patiently for my turn
 to be promoted. I had even con-
 gratulated myself on my close-
 lipped, reserved manner-—I
 thought 1 was showing strength
 cf character by sticking to my
 work and not trying to push
 myself—to show off.

   And that was the whole trou-

What IS Minutes a Day
Will Show You

  How to talk before your club or lodge

  How to propose and respond to toasts

 How to address board meetings

  How to make a political speech 1

  How to tell entertaining stories

 How to make after-dinuer speeches

  How to converse interestingly

  How to write letters

 How to sell more goods

 How to train your memory

 How to enlarge yonr vocabulary

  How to develop self-confidence

  How to acquire a winning personality

How to strengthen your will-power and ambition

How to become a clear, accurate thinker ^

 How to develop your power of concentration
 How to be tbe master of any situation

 ble. I had plenty of steel in my makeup, but I had NOW SENT
 no ability to express myself. I was timid, self-con-	~

 scious, and actually afraid of my own voice. 1 would ITT* JT3 TT1 T7
 Study, out the office problems and find solutions for J7 EZa SZa
 our difficulties, but I didn’t know how to present these
 ideas to the man up# ahead. Several of the boys who
 had started at the time I did were now department
 managers—because they had the knack of forceful
 speech, self-confidence and personality—the very
 Qualities I lacked.

   It made me good and mad—and I resolved to
 show them—to get rid, once and for all, of my
 timidity and shyness—my bashfulness and
 lack of poise.

 an audience of thousands. My self-consciousness be-
 gan to vanish. One morning 1 got up my courage and
 presented the manager and the chief clerks with a
 complete plan for rearranging.our department—stat-
 ing it simply and clearly, but in a pleasing, interest-
 ing and fore?ful way. J actually took their breath away—they
 were so amazed that they nave me
 full power to carry out my ideas!

                           Soon I had won salary increases,
                         promotion, popularity, power. And I
                         accomplished all this by developing the
                         natural power of speech possessed by
                         everyone, but cultivated by so few—
                         by simply spending 15 minutes a day
                         in the privacy of my own home on
                         Lhis most fascinating subject.

                         Send for This Amazing Book

                              This new method of training is fully
                     described in a very interesting and in-
                     formative booklet which Is now being
                     sent to everyone mailing the coupon
                     below. This book is called. How to
                     Work Wonders With Words. In it
                     you are shown how to conquer stage
                     fright, self-consciousness, timidity,
                     bashfulness and fear—those things
                     that keep you silent while men of
                     lesser ability get what they want by
                     the sheer power of convincing speech.
                     Not unly men who have made millions,
                     but thousands have sent for this book
                     —and arc unstinting In their praise
                     of it. You are told how to bring out
                     and develope your priceless “hidden knack"
                     —the natural gift within you—which will
                     win for you advancement in position and sal-
                     ary. popularity, social standing, power and
                     real success. You can obtain your copy ab-
                     solutely free by sending the coupon.

      In Fifteen Minutes a Day

   And then suddenly I discovered a new easy method
 which made me into a good talker—a forceful and pow-
 erful speaker—almost overnight. T learned how to say
 just the right words at the right time, how to win
 and hold the attention of those around me. how to
 bend others to my will, how to dominate one man or

North American Institute

3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 2459, Chicago, 111.

“I

NORTH AMERICAN INSTITUTE,
3601 Michigan Ave., Dept. 2459,
CHICAGO, ILL.

  Please send me FREE and without obligation my ,
  copy of your inspiring booklet. How to Work Won- I

       ders With Word*, and full information regarding your
 Course in Effective Speaking.

Name___________________________________________

I Address _________________________________________ |

 City-

 State-

They Thought I Was AWfeak Sister
-But I Took Their Breath Away!

Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements
THE pseudo-science of yesterday is the science of today. Scientific
thought and conceptions of the universe are changing so rapidly that
the science textbooks in the public schools lag far behind scientific
discovery. The imaginative weird-scientific stories in Weird Tales are pre-
cursors of what scientific speculation may be twenty years from now. The
swift-changing conceptions of the universe have fired the imaginations of that
brilliant group of young writers who construct the fascinating weird-scientific
stories in this magazine. The vast majority of our readers receive these
stories enthusiastically; but a few of you complain that the stories of inter-
stellar and interplanetary travels are so wildly fantastic and impossible that
you can not enjoy them. Complaint is also made when our writers picture
worlds ruled by strange monsters; for, you say, it is inconceivable that a
world can be run by intelligent beings in the form of gigantic insects or even
stranger monsters. We wish to call three books to the attention of these read-
ers. Two of these books are by Charles Fort: Neiv Lands and The Booh of
ilie Damned. In these books, although Fort does not prove incontestably that
beings from other planets are actually visiting our earth, at least he piles
up such a mass of evidence to support this proposition that the reader must
admit its possibility. The third book, Maurice Maeterlinck’s La Vie des
Termites (now available in English translation under the title, The Life of
the White Ant), shows that these creatures possess tremendous ability, scien-
tific achievement, and constructive intelligence that would threaten the rule
of man with overthrow except that the white ants are limited by climate. The
manner in which they have solved scientific problems that have baffled man
opens up a remarkable field for imaginative speculation.

    “I have been a constant reader of your magazine for the last four years,”
writes Elmo James, of Fort Pierce, Florida, “and I take this opportunity of
thanking you for making it possible. It provides a wonderful avenue upon
which I ride away from the dull and drab things of everyday commonplace-
ness. I would be completely at a loss if I did not find a story of de Grandin
by Quinn any more. It seems that I know him quite intimately. I also like

(Continued on page 728)

    726
 Next Month

An unusually great lineup of fine stories is scheduled for the January issue of
Weird Tales, 011 sale December 1.

The Curse of the House
of Phipps

By Seabury Quinn

               Joshua Phipps buried alive beneath his hearthstone the eirl
               who had loved him, and she put a terrible curse on him and
               hia descendants—a fascinating story about Jules de Grandin.

The Bird-People Dead Girl Finotte

By Otis Adelbert Kline	By H. de Vere Stacpoole

The story of a weird country lying in a dif- A story of the West Indies, of Zombies, of
ferent angle of vibration from ours—some- dead men risen from the grave to become
thing entirely new and surprizing in weird- mindless slaves, of human robots, and weird
scientific tales.	Haitian magic,

                t

The Murderer

By Murray Leinster

              Terrible was the murderer’s fright as he saw the murdered
              man move and sweep into his pocket the evidence that would
              condemn the criminal—a tale of stark terror by a popular

                author.

The	The Net

Life-Masters	of Shamlegh

By Edmond Hamilton	By Lieutenant Edgar Gardiner

Under the influence of the cosmic ray, great A thrilling story of a gigantic spider—a tale
masses of protoplasm formed in the seas and of Thuggee and eery adventure in the hills
advanced on the cities of Man.	of India.

The Red Fetish

By Frank Belknap Long, Jr.

              A tala of weird adventure among savage head-hunters—the
              story of a red-headed man who ran afoul of cannibals.

These are some of the super-excellent stories tliat will appear in the January issue

of Weird Tales

Subscription Rates: $2.50 a year in U. S. or possessions; Canadian $3.00; Foreign $3.50.
WEIRD TALES,	810 N. Michigc.n AvC.,	Chicago, 111.
728

WEIRD TALES

                        (Continued from page 726)
the stories by Eli Colter very much. I prefer stories of devil-worshipers
and of reincarnations. I haven’t noticed any stories of werewolves lately.
What’s the matter? Have some of your readers kicked on that type of
story?”

    “In your August number another masterful writer, Bassett Morgan,
looms up as a dangerous rival to the great Lovecraft,” writes E. L. Mengs-
hoel, of Minneapolis. “His story, Demon Doom of N’Yeng Sen, holds the
reader’s attention in a real gorilla grip. But how shockingly cruel! But
then, such bestialities perpetrated by so-called civilized beings on the poor
savages are certainly not unheard of. However, Morgan’s story is written in
an unsurpassingly fascinating way from start to finish—even though one can
not exactly relish such passages in it as must be real delicacies for certain
readers with manifestly sadist tendencies (one of them even a woman) who
have voiced their requirements in your magazine.”

    Mrs. M. Sherbank, of San Francisco, writes to the Eyrie: “Have, just
started reading your fascinating magazine and regret to think of all Fve
missed before. Really it is by far the best mystery magazine on the market—
I’m sure any average human being would agree to that. I especially delight
in the Outside the Universe type of story—it takes one so far away from
daily troubles and routine for a while.”

    “If Robert E. Howard keeps up to the level he has set in Skull-Face, he
will be hailed as the new Sax Rohmer,” writes Ernest H. Ormsbee, of Sel-
kirk, New York. “The story is a Sax Rohmer story. I had to turn back to
the title-page when this installment was half read to convince myself that
the Old Master of the Oriental tale had not returned to us. I thoroughly
enjoy interplanetary romances,, and you have given us several, but the
stories that get my undivided support are stories like Skull-Face—Oriental
guile and subtlety, fiendish cruelty of the (to us) twisted minds of the Mongol,
Eastern cunning against Western aggressiveness.”

    Here is a suggestion from Gaylord Bell, of Mount Vernon, Washington:
“I and many of my friends wish your publication would conduct a column
wherein questions from the subscribers might be authoritatively answered. I
am so full of such quizzes as: 'Do wolves really run in packs?’; ‘What
nationality is Bram Stoker?’; ‘Are there any real proofs that once a con-
tinent Atlantis actually existed?’; and many others, that I feel certain this
column would prove a popular success.”

    “Why have you eliminated torture tales entirely?” asks Albert James
Cabral, of Provincetown, Massachusetts. “This is a great blow to this great
magazine. That is what the cream of weird fiction consists of. The prince
of modern story-writers deals with it in his famous novel, The Ilounds of God,
which tells about the Inquisition, the horror palace of Spain; yet you, dear
friend, have taken torture tales out of your magazine. Please publish some
more tales such as II. W. Munn’s The Chain—a masterpiece of weird fiction.

                       (Continued on page 854)
The Strangest Story Ever Told!

Thrills

on

Every

Page

 Special

 Auto-

 graphed

   First

 Edition

The thrilling adventures of Robert Grandon on the planet Venus, amid
strange monsters that roam the fern forests or swim in the turbulent Azpok
Ocean—Flying Grampites, horrible fierce blood sucking creatures, half-
men, half-bat—Sabits, huge insects which have enslaved a race of human
beings—men without eyes living in lightless caverns—and the beautiful
princess, Vemia of Reabon, with whom Grandon falls madly in love!

SPECIAL AUTOGRAPHED
FIRST EDITION

While they last, you can get a copy of
this special first edition autographed by
the author, at the regular price of an
ordinary edition. Bound in rich linen
cloth with attractive three coloi'ed jacket.
Remember, first edition copies grow more
valuable with the years and when auto-
graphed become doubly valuable. Order
today!

I WEIRD TAIJES, BOOK DEPT. K-3,

1 840 N. Michigan Ave., (’liicaffo, Illinois.

| I enclose $2. Send at^ once, postage P^^aUL

 an autographed copy of

| as per your offer.

"The Planet of Peri!”

 Name.

| Addre

City_______________________State.
Mystery

    bti GASTON
    LEROUX

THE old sea-dogs who spent
their evenings seated on the
terrace of the inn which over-
looked the sea had never seen Zinzin
arrive in such a condition before. His
eyes were popping from his head,
and he was as pale as death. As soon
as he had had time to drop into a
chair, they pressed anxiously around
him.

 “What is the matter. Zinzin?
What is the matter, old fellow?”
Captain Michel asked.

 Zinzin made a sign that he was
still unable to speak, but at last he
wiped his forehead.

  Translated by Mildred Gleason Prochet.

    730

  “I have just come from the police
commissioner,” he began, “and he
gave me a most horrible bit of
news.”

  “Tell us about it before it becomes
old stuff,” Gaubert exclaimed. “The
story is sure to change with time. ’ ’

  “Oh, this doesn’t date from yes-
terday,” Zinzin murmured with a
sinister laugh.

 “Then why so much excitement
today?”

  “I’ll tell you why shortly.” the
other replied dismally. “I was mixed
up in it when I was very young. It
narrowly missed making me a land-
lubber forever with a little garden
plot over me! On my word! It’s not
“Olympe found him about five o’clock in the afternoon.”

the fault of the damned wedding
story if I’m not fertilizing a crop of
dandelions today. It caused a lot of
stir in its time. They even took the
ease up to the court of assizes!”
“Stories of marriages exist by the
legion,” grouehy old Chanlieu re-
marked. “I know ten myself.”

  "I only know one,” Zinzin replied

with a groan, “but I warn you that
it is more horrible than all ten of
Chaulieu’s put together!”

 He sighed heavily again and
lighted his pipe. “I never told you
anything about it before,” he spat
out, “because it seemed such an ut-
terly fantastic affair, but today I
must talk! Good God! Good God!”

                                    731
732

WEIRD TALES

  “Well, what is it? What is it, Zin-
zin?”

  “It is a horrible story.” Zinzin
choked.

  “Perhaps,” Chaulieu added quiet-
ly and skeptically.

  Zinzin cast him a murderous look.
“In all my life I have only been in
love once,” he went on, “and it was
that. time. It never happened again
because I never met another such
girl. Her name was Olvmpe, and
there were a dozen of us who wanted
to marry her.”

  “And here the impossible begins,”
sneered Chaulieu.

  “Twelve, I tell you! I'll give you
their names in a moment, and that
doesn’t include those who did not
openly propose. There wasn’t a man
in the whole country who would not
have wanted to. She wasn’t rich, but
she came of good family—and beau-
tiful! At the time of which I speak
she was just seventeen years old.
Her section of the country was noted
for its beautiful women—a big pleas-
ant suburb worth visiting if only to
watch the girls come home from
church on Sundays.

  “Well! In all the town there was
not one girl fit to tie her shoes, and
that meant a lot. . . . Listen, if you
have ever gone to Cagnes. perhaps
you have seen Renoir’s portraits of
young girls. . . . Those pictures are
pure fantasy—pictures of flowers
and sunlight, not humans. Well.
Olympe was like that: a ray of sun
and the petals of a rose. A dream!
But a dream with eyes and a mouth!
. . . enormous childish eyes with
supernatural purity in their gaze,
and the. mouth of a woman! The
mouth alone was of flesh and blood!
Olympe was like an angel come down
to earth to kiss!

  “We were all crazy about her. She
lived alone with her grandmother,
who had taken her from school at
the death of her parents and en-
trusted her to the safe care of the

servant Palmire. who was the girl’s
willing slave. Olympe was still much
of a child, often playing with the
country urchins, returning home
with armfuls of wild flowers, bas-
kets filled with wild strawberries.
She would run behind the flocks with
the sheep-dogs when she crossed
them on the road, and often scandal-
ized the old women by returning
home at night astride a goat!

  “In nice weather the old people
would sit outside their doors on
little wooden benches and wait for
her to come. She had a wonderful
imagination and told them stories
which she made up as she went
along.

“TpiiE grandmother, who in her
day had been the beautiful
Madame Gratien. lived in a big old
house on the Place de l’Abbaye. The
gardens were closed in by walls and
at the back looked out on the open
country. She knew all the elite of
the neighborhood and had main-
tained connections in the city.

  “The behavior of her granddaugh-
ter had amused her in the beginning
but at last it began to preoccupy her.
Olympe seemed very thoughtless for
her age. . . . What would happen
when she was alone in the world?
Madame Gratien suddenly decided
to marry her off as soon as possible.

  “She had already received several
offers for the hand of her grand-
daughter, and when it was known
that she no longer discouraged suit-
ors, they besieged her on all sides.
This flood of admirers was a new
game for Olympe. Finally one Sun-
day we wTere all gathered in the liv-
ing-room, when the grandmother
gave Olympe a little talking-to. She
told her that she was beginning to
be very tired and weary with life
and that she would like to see
Olympe settled down before she died.
Olympe greeted this announcement
with tears. We thought that the
THE MYSTERY OF THE POUR HUSBANDS

733

prospect of the old lady’s death sad-
dened her, but Olympe explained it
differently. ‘As though it were gay
to marry!’ she said when we tried to
cheer her up.

  “We burst out laughing at that
and all swore that her husband
would be perfectly willing to be her
slave.

  “ ‘First of all, I do not want to
leave Grandmother,’ she said, ‘nor
Palmire . . . And secondly I want
to live in our old house. ’

  “ ‘Agreed, agreed,’ we answered in
chorus.

  “ ‘And now,’ said good Madame
Gratieii, ‘ which one are you going to
choose ?’

  “ ‘Oh, we’ll talk of that later,’ said
Olympe. ‘This is no way to marry
people off. You’re really not serious
aboitt it, Grandmother!’

  “ ‘For six months you’ve said the
same thing: that you’d talk it over
later. Now, it’s become a joke. You
know that I have always done every-
thing you wanted before. . . . Come;
if you were obliged to choose one of
these gentlemen, which would you
take?’

  “Olympe suddenly became serious,
and we watched her anxiously. . . .
In spite of our apparent acceptance
of the whole thing as a joke, we were
dead serious. . . .

  “She stood up, walked around us,
and sized us up from head to foot
with such funny expressions that we
were more than a little embarrassed.
If I live to be a thousand, I’ll never
forget that scene! What an exam-
ination! To be truthful, we hardly
dared breathe.

  “She made us stand, lined its up,
placing us, changing us—advancing a
man to the head of the line and then,
after looking him straight in the eyes,
.sending him back to third or fourth
position. The grandmother encour-
aged us from time to time with a
‘ Hold yourselves well, gentlemen! . . .

Hold yourselves well! ... Be seri-
ous. ’

  “It was funny when one thinks
that we were not all young men
either! I well remember the arrival
of the town registrar, respectable
Monsieur Paeifire, who for two years
had openly bid for Olympe’s hand.
He came late and naturally did not
know what it was all about.

 “She met him at the door and
placed him, dumfounded, at the end
of the line. He had the last number!
You can imagine how we laughed.
But you can bet that when he knew
what it was all about, he did not laugh
at all!

  “‘At last! It is done!’ she an-
nounced. ‘If I many I’ll take Mon-
sieur Delphin first, then Monsieur Hu-
bert, then Monsieur Sabin, then my
little Zinzin (as you see, I was number
four), then Monsieur Jacobini . . .’
and she went on down the whole
twelve of us. . . . I’ll enumerate
them: 1st, Monsieur Delphin, a nice
fellow with a great future ahead of
him, son of the town pharmacist ; he
had taken his degree in science, was
working for a fellowship in chemistry
and was very well spoken of at the
university. 2d. Monsieur Hubert, still
young, about twenty-five, head forest
warden. 3d. Dr. Felix Sabin, just out
of college, and as merry as a lark . . .
I think he had settled himself in the
country with the idea of getting into
politics. 4th. Yours truly, who had
already taken to the sea but who
would have given it all up to stay
with Olympe. 5tli. Lieutenant Jaco-
bini, son of a colonel in the guards, a
distinguished, smart fellow who had
just come back from a mission in
South Africa where he had made
something of a name for himself. 6th.
The son of a big land-owner with lots
of money. 7th. A young lawyer. 8th.
The son of a solicitor. 9th. An old
notary. 10th. A traveling salesman,
lltli. The assistant of the district at-
torney. 12th. Monsieur Paeifire, the
734

WEIRD TALES

registrar . . . yes, that makes twelve.
We were only twelve that day!

“Qix months later, Olympe married
number one, young Delphin. We
all went to the wedding—but not to
have a good time. I tried to reason
against it, but I would have given
anything to be in Delphin’s shoes.
The following year, however, I no
longer envied him. He wras dead!

  “No one knows exactly what he
died of. They say that he Avas poi-
soned by some laboratory work, but
nothing was sure. The physician who
attended him, Dr. Sabin, shook his
head when he was questioned. I think
that in reality he thought of only one
thing: in short, that he had now be-
come" number two and that if any-
thing were to happen to the forest
warden who preceded him, he might
yet hope for a chance!

  “It seemed impossible, but Olympe
had become even lovelier since her
marriage. Now, when she passed in
her widow ’s weeds, she was something
to kneel before and worship. But she
did not mourn her dead husband for
long. In fact, if one can believe old
Palmire, Monsieur Delphin was not
excessively gay and for a young hus-
band spent too much time in his lab-
oratories, leaving his young wife for
entire days while he searched for
heaven knows what in the bottoms of
his test-tubes.

 “Monsieur Hubert’s turn was
bound to arrive, and he did not lose
time in pressing his suit and in prom-
ising her all the gayeties that she had
missed since her first marriage. He
was a jolly fellow, that Hubert, fond
of good food, an excellent drinker and
hunter as was fitting with a man of
his position and name.

  “Big celebrations and big parties
now took place at Olympe’s. She be-
gan to ride horseback and there was
not another like her for fifty miles
around. It was a sight to see her hunt
the deer and wild boar. Nothing

frightened her. We had trouble to
keep up with her, and afterward she
presided over the banquet with a
sparkle and an ardor that gave us all
fever.

  “She was more courted than ever,
but she made fun of us, and kept her
loveliest and gayest smiles for Dr.
Sabin. ‘He is number three,’ she ex-
claimed, laughing. ‘ Everyone in turn I'

  “‘Hey!’ Hubert interrupted. ‘ I
never felt better in my life! ’

  “ ‘And I take care of him,’ replied
the doctor. ‘He is the one man whom
I’m not permitted to kill. Thank the
fortune, Hubert, which prohibits me
from choosing my victims! ’

“npHis was all very nice, but it
-seemed to me that Dr. Sabin
made too much use of his position of
family doctor in order to be familiar
with Olympe. They were often seen
alone in the park back of the house, or
even going for a little outing in the for-
est when Hubert, called away on busi-
ness or some bachelor party in the neigh-
boring town, left Olympe for a few
hours. She had become the general
topic of conversation in the village.
She scandalized the habitues of the
five o’clock teas at Madame Tabu-
reau’s, the mayor’s wife, or at Ma-
dame Blancmougin’s, the wife of the
solicitor whose son had received num-
ber eight in the general classing. Ma-
dame Blancmougin never ceased con-
gratulating herself on her son’s lucky
escape.

  ‘ ‘ In fact, after the death of old Ma-
dame Clratien, which had occurred in
the meantime, Olympe no longer kept
her desires within any limits and she
frightened many people by the liberty
of those desires. Hubert made no at-
tempt to restrain her. He was amused
and flattered by the number of victims
won by those innocent blue eyes and
that bright mouth w'hich seemed to be
always asking for a-kiss.

  “He was a good liver, that Hubert,
but not a real lover. ‘My!’ Palmire
THE MYSTERY OF THE FOUR HUSBANDS

735

would whisper to those who liked to
be informed of all that went on in
the house, ‘he certainly loves his food
more than his bed. If Madame were
not so honest, that fact might give
him a bad jolt! ’

  ‘ * And so saying, she shook her
head on seeing Olympe and Dr. Sabin
come in from one of the lessons in
driving. Those driving-lessons had
started a lot of gossip which was cut
short by a new misfortune in Place
de l’Abbaye.

.. “ Delphin had installed a labora-
tory in an isolated building in a far
comer of the grounds and this Hu-
bert had made into a sort of hunting-
pavilion. He had furnished it with
his guns, his knives, his rifles, his pis-
tols, and had also stored his ammuni-
tion there. It was like a little armory,
with the exception of the walls, which
were decorated with the usual tro-
phies. It was a pleasant little spot,
covered with climbing vines and flow-
ers, and there was a fine view of the
fields and country beyond. He often
had lunch served there in order to be
alone with liis wife or friends away
from the ears of the servants.

  “It was there that Hubert was
found one afternoon in August with
a pistol in his hands and a bullet
through his heart.

  “Suicide or accident? Several
even murmured the word: crime! . . .
but it was said so low that no one
heard them.

  “You can imagine what a stir it
caused. An inquest was held. The as-
sistant district attorney, who was
number eleven, managed the affair. It
was Dr. Sabin, number three, who
was called to give his opinion 011 the
nature of the death. He pronounced
it accident. The inquest hesitated a
long time between accident and sui-
cide, but they finally concluded with
the theory of the accident.

  “ ‘My goodness!’ Palmire sighed
when she was besieged by many want-
ing to know what Madame had to say

about the death of her husband.
‘What should she say? She knew
nothing about it, of course. She had
lunched in the little pavilion with
Monsieur. . . . They both had seemed
very gay. She left him at about two-
thirty in order to dress, for she was
going to town with Dr. Sabin. About
three o ’clock the gardener heard a shot
and ran to the pavilion. He found
Monsieur stretched out dead. And
now you know as much as we do. Why
should he have committed suicide?
Life was beautiful and so was
Olympe. He had everything to make
him happy. And now Olympe is cry-
ing her eyes out, which is a stupid
thing to do. No one is responsible for
an accident, and it was his fault for
not being more careful! ’

  “So spoke Palmix’e. The next year
Olympe married Dr. Sabin. ‘ ’

  “I expected it,” interrupted Chau-
lieu; “if your blue-eyed angel with
the passionate mouth had to give her-
self to all twelve of those gentlemen
we haven’t finished and it’s not going
to be a funny tale.”

  “I didn’t promise you a funny
story. I told you that it was horrible.
Olympe did not give herself to all
twelve, since I was number four and
I’m still alive. Nevertheless, I excuse
Chaulieu for his remark because in
the village they began to say: ‘ They’ll
all go. She’s capable of it.’

  “ ‘And why not? If it pleases
Olympe?’ Palmire replied whenever
she heard something of that kind. And
she added, scratching her long chin,
‘She would be wrong in hesitating
over it as far as the worth of those
men is concerned! ’

  “It was a terrible thing that she
said, in the ignorance of a servant
ready to perjure her soul for her mis-
tress.

  “Dr. Sabin was certainly a cour-
ageous fellow to many into a house-
hold which seemed destined to misfor-
tune. Some good old woman of the
kind particularly skilful in slipping in a
736

WEIRD TALES

malicious remark between a frown and
a smile, remarked, however, ‘Oh, noth-
ing will happen to him. He knows
what he is doing!'

  ‘‘The town was a-buzz with hor-
rible remarks. Poor doctor! lie did
not deserve what was said, since he,
too, died, exactly three months to the
day after his wedding. He lasted
even a shorter time than the others.”

  “Good Lord!” Gaubert whistled.

  “And so it came your turn,” said
Captain Michel.

  “It’s beginning to be very amus-
ing,” remarked Chaulieu.

  But they all stopped joking. Zinzin
had become terribly pale and his hand
trembled as he put down his glass.
He looked with wild eyes at a man
who was approaching the table.

  “Hello,” exclaimed the captain,
“here’s the police commissioner’s or-
derly. ’ ’

  It was he in fact, and he bent over
and whispered in Zinzin’s ear:

  “We’ve just had a telephone mes-
sage. She has been dead ten years.
You don’t need to worry any longer.”
And with that he departed.

  As for Zinzin, he staggered into the
captain’s arms and had to be taken
home.

  “Let’s hope he doesn’t kick off be-
fore the end of his story,” said Gau-
bert gently.

  Chaulieu shrugged his shoulders.
“Bah,” he said, “he is working for
a climactic effect.”

  Nevertheless we did not know the
end of the story until eight days later.
Zinzin certainly had been very ill.
This time we listened without inter-
rupting him.

“Tt was my turn then, number
four’s turn. But I was still ig-
norant of the fact. I was sailing’in
the Baltic Sea when the thing hap-
pened, and I did not leam it until
my return ashore. I threw myself on
a train for home and 011 the way met
Lieutenant Jacobini, number five, who

had himself returned only a short
while ago.

  ‘ ‘ Our trip was not a merry one. I
confess that in spite of the certainty
I now had of being able to marry
Olympe and in spite of the hope Lieu-
tenant Jacobini had of soon being
able to cheer up my widow, this
double prospect did not fill us with
merriment. The house 011 Place de
l’Abbaye seemed less like a place of
joy to us now and more like a tomb!

  “The first thing I asked Jacobini,
after he had told me the sinister news,
was naturally if he could give me a
few details on the doctor’s death.
How had he died? He answered
gloomily that he hadn’t the faintest
idea and that no one else had either;
but that he more than anyone wanted
to get to the bottom of it. That was
the reason for his return.

  “ ‘And you?’ he asked me.

  “ ‘Oh,’ I answered, ‘as for me, you
can understand that I am interested
in the matter at least as much as you
are. ’

  “ ‘Yes,’ he replied without the
slightest sarcasm, ‘I understand
that. ... It is an even more urgent
matter for you. ’

  “ ‘But,’ I went on, ‘they must
have called his death by some name! ’
“ ‘Not any more of a name than
they gave the death of Olympe’s first
husband. They claimed that Delphin
was poisoned by some laboratory ex-
periment, but the thing was never
proved. And as far as Dr. Sabin is
concerned it can’t be that.’

  “ ‘All these deaths are certainly
very strange! Tell me, Jacobini,
ami’t the police interested in this ? ’

  “ ‘Yes. Our assistant district at-
torney, number eleven, lias ordered an
investigation. I ought to add that
Olympe was the first to ask it. . . .
They made an autopsy on the
bodv. . . .’

  “ ‘And?’

  “ ‘And found nothing. . . . But
THE MYSTERY OF THE FOUR HUSBANDS

737

that doesn't prove a thing/ he added
in a tone which struck me.

  “ ’What do you mean? Have you
 a suspicion V
 “ 'In such matters/ replied Jaco-
 bini, ‘it is not permissible to have
 suspicions. One must be certain or
 keep still/ And he kept still.

   ‘“But all this did not tend to quiet
 my anxiety.

   “ ‘Then he died in his bed? Was
 he ill?’

    ‘No! Olympe found him about
five o'clock in the afternoon in his
room, stretched out on the floor with a
table and chair overturned, his
mouth still foaming and his face dis-
torted from horror. ... It was
proved that he had been in the room
alone from three o’clock on and that
the house was completely deserted, as
the servants had gone to a near-by
fair. ’

  “ ‘And—'Madame Sabin?’

  “ ‘She had lunched with him in
 the little pavilion at the end of the
 garden and had remained there to em-
 broider with Palmire. ’

   *	‘ ‘ Then what was the conclusion of
 the inquest?’

   ‘ ‘ ‘ That Dr. Sabin died from an at-
 tack of epilepsy.’

   “ ‘Was he subject to it?’

   “ ‘No, but it seems that that does
 not always follow.’

   “ We were silent a long time. Then
 I sighed.

   “ ‘We ought to be sincerely sorry
 for Olympe,’ I said, ‘because other-
 wise it would be too horrible.’

   *‘ ‘Yes/ he replied after thinking
 a moment, ‘you are right! It would
 be too horrible. . . . She must be
 pitied. Besides, Palmire says that
 she is completely crushed. No one
 ever sees her now. She never goes
 out. According to gossip she wants to
 enter a convent. ... It is natural
 enough that after three unfortunate
 marriages like these she should be sick
 of matrimony—and—and I congrat-
 , ulate you/ he added with a strange

laugh. Then he went on quickly, be-
cause he was an extremely polite fel-
low: ‘I hope I haven’t pained you in
saying that ? ’

  “ ‘I don’t know/ I answered.

  “We arrived an hour later. We
hadn’t forewarned anyone and it was
already late at night. We had de-
cided to §o directly to the Hotel de
Bourgogne, and I was surprized to
find the solicitor’s son, number eight,
waiting for us on the platform. I re-
member his name now; he was called
Juste. There is nothing to say about
him except that he was an honest fel-
low, and that Dr. Sabin had often
treated him for rheumatism.

  “ ‘ I knew that you had landed, ’ he
said to me, ‘and that, you were taking
this train. What hotel are you going
to?’

  “ ‘To the Bourgogne with Lieuten-
ant Jaeobini. ’

  “Juste had been so preoccupied
with me that he hadn’t noticed my
companion. He shook him warmly by
the hand and said that he would go
with us.

“ T was growing more puzzled every.

  L moment. At the hotel he followed
me to my room and gave me a packet
for which he asked a receipt.

  ‘ ‘ ‘ This was intrusted to my honor, ’
he said, ‘with the mission of giving
into your own hands. ’

  “I examined the sealed envelope
quickly and recognized the writing
immediately. My name was written
on the outside with the addition: ‘To
be delivered after my death.’

  “ ‘Yes/ the other replied, ‘I have
accomplished my mission and I am
only accountable to him; but since I
haven’t the faintest idea of what is
contained in that letter, I want a re-
ceipt, to be on the safe side. ’

  ‘ ‘ I gave him his receipt.

  “ ‘In giving you this letter/ I
asked, ‘Dr. Sabin said nothing spe-
cial?’
738

WEIRD TALES

  “ ‘Not a thing/ he replied. ‘He
told me nothing, absolutely nothing.’

  “Upon which he shook my hand
and took leave of me a bit hurriedly.
He seemed free of a great weight. I
opened the letter feverishly.

 “Ten minutes later someone
knocked at Jacobini’s door. He was
just about to get into bed and called
out, asking who was there. As no
one answered him, he went to the door
and opened it impatiently. A ghost
with a letter in its. hands entered his
room. This ghost was I and I hadn’t
strength enough even to speak. He sat
me down, took the letter from my
hands, locked the door and read.

  “I will never forget him as he
stood there, bent over the lamp. The
letter which had plunged me into a
sort of prostration had an entirely dif-
ferent effect on him. Everything
about him seemed to tighten up while
with me there had been a complete
loosening of my will-power. He
frowned heavily, his eyebrows were
knitted, his chin grew more prom-
inent, and a dangerous flame like the
cold steel flash of a sword lit the eyes
intent on reading the document, a
document which had been written by
the trembling hand of a man who
knew himself condemned to death.

“npnis is what Dr. Sabin had writ-
ten. The original has long been
in the police files but this is a copy:

Dear Zinzin :

  Before marrying Olympe I want
you to read this: It is a man who is
about to die tvho is writing you. I
have been horribly poisoned. No one
knotcs it except the guilty one or
guilty ones and me. I have not com-
plained, for I have got only what I
deserved. Thanhs to strong drugs
I have been able at times to overcome
the pain which is destroying me and
still to appear human. Thus I have
been able to see Juste without giving
anything away to him, nor ivill you

tell him anything unless he, too,
should want to marry Olympe — in
which case you will show him this let-
ter. But I hope that this will be the
end of the matter and that after my
death no one will wish to take my
place, our place, the place of the three
men who have entered this house full
of health arid life and who have dis-
appeared from it, carrying with them
the enigma of their triple misfortune.

  As far as possible keep scandal from
Olympe. I have loved her too much.
I still love her, perhaps. No scandal,
therefore, unless it be absolutely nec-
essary. And besides, I am certain of
nothing. In such a case, proof of the
guilt is necessary, and I have none. I
might be able to accuse her with a
chancc of not making a mistake, but
I haven’t the right; and I u'ill tell
you 'why. You know that after Hu-
bert’s death I returned a verdict of
suicide. But Hubert did not commit
suicide. Hubert was murdered!

  And I knew the truth at my first
sight of the body by the position of
the pistol in his hand. The weapon
had been placed in his hand, after his
death! I won’t go into details, but I
could have proved it very easily. I
had been called immediately after the
discovery of the body in the hope that
perhaps life still stirred within him,
but it was all over. Next to the corpse
stood Olympe in tears. Before looking
at the woman I had seen the pistol
and had already reached a conclusion.
Then I looked, at the woman. You may
have suspected the affectionate ties
that bound us already. Besides,
Olympe made no effort to hide the
truth, and I had spoken to her about
it more than once. Looking at her, it
seemed to me that her eyes wavered
after catching mine and they left me
the impression of an ardent and silent
plea. Even today I am sure that I
was not mistaken and I feel a chiU of
horror. That woman killed Hubert in
order to be mine! It was horrible., but
I adored her, and not only did I not
THE MYSTERY OP THE FOUR HUSBANDS

739

denounce het, but without her notic-
ing and for pity of her I slipped the
pistol into the correct position. I
made the matter easy for the board of
experts. You see, Zinzin, old man,
I’m not hiding anything from you.
You understand now why I haven’t
the right to accuse this woman. My
cowardice has made me her accom-
plice.

   I think we loved each other like the
damned, trying to forget in the em*
brace of love a lost paradise. Between
us there never came a thought of Hu-
bert or of Delphin. One would have
said that Olympe had never known
those tivo men. But I, I was curious
to know how Delphin had died and I
began a cunning investigation which
one day they must have noticed. From
that day on, I am sure, my death was
decided.

  Certain contradictory remarks made
by Palmire concerning Delphin’s ex-
periments and the rather mysterious
circumstances of his death led me to
certain clues in which I found the al-
most certainty of Olympe’s guilt in
the poisoning of Delphin with Pal-
mire as an accomplice. I had not said
anything yet to Olympe, who did not
seem to suspect my thoughts. I at-
tempted to keep as hidden as possible
the hideous suspicions. But one day
I felt that I had been struck! A high
fever, a strange uneasiness and dull
pains warned me that I had been poi-
soned. I still said nothing because I
wanted to know—to know. And I be-
lieved that I had done the necessary
things to save me in time from a drug
which was already attacking the
sources of life—and. which I could
not rid myself of.

  IToio did they go about il? ... To
make sure that it was she, I ate noth-
ing except what she gave me, and we
drank from the same gloss. Yes, but
we did not eat from the same plate!
Ah, what horror! . . . And this is
'where the mailer rests today as /
write you this letter. ... I have just

had an attack which I have concealed
from her. Is she really ignorant of it?
Or does she find pleasure in it? Lord
God! And yet my face has changed
in these last weeks and several times
I have pushed her from my arms.
Still she seems to have noticed noth-
ing. Oh, the monster! The two mon-
sters! Yes, two, because I have dis-
covered Palmire spying on me and the
two of them are always together.
Nevertheless, Olympe said to me yes-
terday: “It's funny how men change
after a few weeks of marriage! After
a short while they are unrecognizable.
They are no longer interesting!”

  Zinzin, you will have this letter and
/ am going to talk to her. But I won’t
be telling her anything she doesn’t
already know. She must believe by
now that I know by whose hands her
first two husbands were killed; but I
must tell her that I know that she is
killing the third and that she must
stop there!

  Ah, Olympe, our Olympe! ... If
you knew, Zinzin, you would under-
stand—and you rvould pardon me. . . .
Perhaps, after all, she is not guilty—
perhaps Palmire is responsible, per-
haps Palmire did it all alone. Ah, my
God, if that could be true! . . . This
is an idea which has come to me a
little late—too late! . . . Think it
over, Zinzin. I am past thinking now.
I suffer too muck. . . . And yet I do
not like to die without knowing. If
she could only prove to me that it is
Palmire who did it alone! I love her
still, Zinzin!

  “After this last line the writing was
so disordered and jumbled that it was
difficult to read, and the signature
which followed seemed to express the
supreme effort of a man from whom
life is escaping. And yet Dr. Sabin
could not have died that day. Prob-
ably by the feverish use of some med-
icine he was able to suspend his des-
tiny. We know that the unfortunate
man did not die until after lunch the
next day. . . .
740

WEIRD TALES

  “I made the copy which you have
just read,” Zinzin continued, “that
same night, because Lieutenant Ja-
cobini demanded the original. He had
the right to it, since he was going to
take my place! I said all the things
that you or anyone would say in such
horrible circumstances; but I realized
that his mind was made up and that
there was nothing more to do. Of
course, it was no longer a question of
love for Olympe.

  *	‘ He had made a vow, a vow to pun-
ish her for her crimes. He would
force her to confess, make her give
herself up, and then we would see! . . .

  “He did not tell me what we would
see, but it was easy enough to under-
stand on catching sight of his fierce,
terrible look when he spoke.

  “ ‘Dr. Sabin got his just deserts,’
he said to me, ‘and I do not pity him;
but that poor Hubert was my friend,
and Delphin I loved as a younger
brother and I may he responsible for
his death. Therefore, I, Jacobini, am
going to avenge them. ’

  “To accomplish that he decided to
marry Olympe.

  “ ‘And if she doesn’t want to
marry?’ I asked him.

  “He laughed a horrible laugh. ‘A
woman like her will not refuse a man
like me! ’

“TTe was right. Olympe married

  *	-*■ number five and I was best man
for Jacobini. He insisted upon it.
During the ceremony he stood with
his arms crossed at the foot of the
chancel beside his kneeling bride and
looked already like a statue of ven-
geance. Olympe was no longer the girl
we had all known and loved. There
was something strangely funereal in
her beauty and it seemed already to
be bending under the hand of death.
She looked like the figures in marble
one sees on tombstones. I never ex-
pected to see her again, for the next
day I set out to sea.

  “At every port I threw myself on

the newspapers; I opened my mail
with trembling, feverish hands. No
news reached me of the hideous trag-
edy that I felt must have been hap-
pening at home during my absence.
When, three months later, I returned,
my first question was . . . yes, you
have guessed it. . . .

 “‘Is nothing changed around
here?’

   ‘ ‘ ‘ Goodness, no. ’

  “ ‘And how are the Jacobinis?’

  “ ‘The Jacobinis are fine,’ I was
told.

  “The next day Jacobini came to
call on me. He knew that I had just
returned. He looked exceedingly well
and had prolonged his furlough, since
Olympe refused to leave the house
even though he hated it. ‘At heart I
can’t blame her,’ he explained. ‘She
believes that if she leaves the house
and this town where she spent such a
happy youth it will look as though
the evil tongues which claim she had
a hand in the death of her three hus-
bands have some cause for their
suspicions. ’

  “I looked at Jacobini, but he met
my gaze clearly.

  “ ‘I understand your astonish-
ment,’ he said, ‘but Olympe is not to
be suspected.’

  “ ‘So much the better, so much the
better. Let’s drop the subject, then.’
“ ‘Zinzin!’

  “ ‘Yes, Jacobini!’

  “ ‘I have come to talk to you and
you must listen to me. The first thing
I did on returning to the house after
the wedding was to show her Dr. Sa-
bin’s letter. Olympe cried, but did
not seem in the least astonished.

  “ ‘ “I had a suspicion of that,” she
confessed to me. “Everybody thinks
I am a monster. I wonder that you
wanted to many me. ’ ’

  “ ‘ “I will tell you why in due
time,” I replied, “but for the moment
we are concerned with Dr. Sabin’s let-
ter.”

  “ ‘ “What can I say?” she con-
THE MYSTERY OF THE FOUR HUSBANDS

7411

tinned bitterly. ‘ ‘ I am no more guilty
of Hubert’s death, of which they sus-
pect me, than I am of my first hus-
band’s. Sabin loved me madly, and
there were moments when his love
was strangely like hatred. He let
drop words from time to time that
made me understand his horrible
thought . . . and he started an
abominable investigation. He ques-
tioned Palmire, who repeated every-
thingtome. I tried to quiet him. Above
all I wanted to avoid any scandal.
I told myself that his state of mind
would pass with time and that as I
had nothing to hide, he would end by
understanding that we were all the
victims of a horrible fate. Then sud-
denly he believed himself poisoned.
He did not tell me in the beginning. I
myself did not mention the word ‘poi-
son’, so that nothing definite should
happen between us. I did not want
to be forced to call in the police or to
send him from the house, but as he
continued to suffer I suggested that
he consult a doctor. He did nothing.
The day of his death he was under the
influence of a strong drug that made
him delirious. He insisted 011 coming
to the table, and as I knew what he
suspected I made a point of drinking
only what he drank and of eating
from the same plate. At the dessert
he threw himself at my feet and
begged my pardon for having sus-
pected me. He said he knew now that
he was being poisoned by ‘that hor-
rible Palmire’. And he begged me to
aid him in fastening the guilt 011 her.
As I tried naturally to defend her, he
left me abruptly and locked himself
in his room. You know the rest. It
was I who asked for an autopsy.” ’

  “Lieutenant Jacobini stopped.

  “ ‘And that convinced you of her
innocence?’ I asked.

  “ ‘No,’ he answered. ‘If Olympe
expected something of the nature of
Sabin’s letter, I was ready for an ex-
planation such as she gave me with a
few tears thrown into the bargain.

My next remark to my bride of an
hour was very abrupt. “And what
about the tali-tali, Olympe? What
have you done with it ? ’ I asked.

  “ ‘She started and turned a death-
ly white. “Oh,” she moaned, “so you
think that I poisoned him with tali-
tali?”*

  “ ‘I took her by the wrist and it
was like holding a hand of marble.
“Listen, Olympe: Hubert died of an
accident. I’ll grant that and it doesn’t
matter to me; but Delphin was my
friend and he and Dr. Sabin died the
same death. They were both poisoned
by the tali-tali which leaves 110 trace.
It was I who gave the poison to Del-
phin that, he might analyze it and find
an antidote if possible. I brought it
back with me on my last return from
Africa and I want to know what has
become of it. It is a terrible poison
which the wizards down there give to
the unfortunates who are suspected of
having brought the anger of bad spir-
its on the village. Its victims are le-
gion. ... I am responsible for what
it has done in France. . . . What
have you done with the tali-tali,
Olympe?”

  “ ‘Olympe looked up at me with
frozen eyes. She was no longer cry-
ing. ‘ ‘ There is no more tali-tali, ’ ’ she
answered.

 “‘“Since when?” I asked bru-
tally, trying to gain control over her

  *The tali-tali of which Lieutenant Jacobini
speaks here is certainly a close relative of the
poison described in Andi-e Demaison’s work. In
the Diato is written: “A man was hovering' over
the cauldron in which boiled the roots and bark
of the sacred tree. At its name the children were
terrified and the adults lost their mind; but the
sorcerer, who was now pouring rice into the hor-
rible soup, had declared that the poison could
only harm those who sucked the marrow from
the bones of their own kind. . . .” And this is
the picture of those put to the test: “The un-
fortunates fell to the ground, letting out "hoarse
and horrible cries of pain. The bodies curled into
a ball like partridges wounded by the hunter’s
bullet, or ducks with their necks cut before life is
lost with the flow of blood.” The tali-tali of which
Lieutenant Jacobini speaks produces fulminating
effects if taken in a large dose. In other cases
the poisoning may be slow. Sometimes it takes
twenty-four hours for it to manifest itself in all
its force. The victim, as happened to Dr. Sabin,
secma to have fallen from an epileptic fit.

(Continued on page, 860)
ren of

JULES DE GRANDIN paused in
the act of helping himself to a sec-
ond—and larger—portion of
broiled weakfish from the hot-water
dish and regarded the big, red-headed
man entering the breakfast room with
a quick, affectionate smile. “C’est
rentablemcnt ioi, mon vieuxt” he
exclaimed. “Morblcu, I have joy in
this meeting, my friend!”

  “It’s me, right enough, sor,” De-
tective Sergeant Jeremiah Costello
admitted with a somewhat rueful
grin as he seated himself in response

    742

to my invitation and accepted a
cup of steaming, well-creamed cof-'
fee, “an’ I’m in a peck o’ trouble,
as I usually am when I come dis-
turbin’ you an’ Dr. Trowbridge at
yer breakfasts.”

  “I am glad—I mean I grieve—no,
pardieu, I mean I sorrow at your
trouble, but rejoice that you have
come!” the little Frenchman re-
turned. “Besides, in addition to
your own so excellent self, you un-
doubtlessly bring me a problem wor-
thy of my cleverness. Seldom have
•¥7&J '• ' --Si&8&I8&*''■■>"	_____ „

“With a shrill, ear-splitting scream it was upon her.”

you failed to do so when you come
with a sad mouth and laughing eyes
to tell me of your worries. Say on,
my friend; I listen.”

  The big Irishman emptied his cup
with a gigantic gulp and wrinkled his
weather-tanned forehead like a puz-

zled mastiff. “Beggin’ yer pardon,
Dr. de C4randin, sor,” he replied, “I
ain’t even sure I’ve got what ye might
rightly call a case a-tall. It’s just
sumpin sort o’ peculiar-like I run into
today. Have ye been readin’ t,h’
newspaper accounts o’ th’ accident

                                 743
744

WEIRD TALES

that kilt young Tom Calebson last
night ?’ ’

  “H’m,” de Grandin spread a bit
of butter on his fish and watched it
slowly dissolve, “you do refer to the
mishap which occurred on the Albe-
marle Pike—the unfortunate young
man who died wrhen his ear crashed
against a roadside tree and he went
through fiie windshield?”

  “That’s what they say, sor.”

  “Eh, how is that?”

  “ Th’ coroner’s jury returned a ver-
dict o’ death by misadventure,” the
detective answered. “O’ course, it
wmzn’t anny o’ my business, strictly
speakin’, to be nosin’ into things that
didn’t concern me, but us men on th’
force gets that way, ye knowr, sor—
has to turn over every stone we find
along th’ road. Annyhow, I thought
I’d drop round to th’ morgue an’ take
a look at th’ pore lad, an’ give th’
autymobile he died in th’ once-over,
too. Well, sor-” lie paused, a dif-
fident smile hovering on his lips.
“Yes, and then?”

  “Well, sor, I’ve seen lots o’ bodies
that ’s ben kilt in motor accidents, an’
some o’ them wras pretty awful, but
I never seen nothin’ like this. Th’
only wounds th ’ lad had on ’im was a
big, jagged gash in th’ throat—just
one—an’ some funny-lookin’ scratch-
es alongside his neck, an’-” again

he paused, as though undecided
whether to continue or not.

  “Cordieu, is it a game of patience
we play here?” de Grandin demand-
ed testily. “Get on with your recital,
great slow one, or I must twist your
neck! ’ ’

  I	laughed outright at this threat of
the sparrow to chastise the turkey
cock, and even Costello’s gravity gave
way to a grin, but he sobered quickly
as he continued: “Well, sor, onct,
when I wtuz servin ’ in th ’ Phillypines.
one o’ th’ fellies in our outfit got took
for a ride be th’ Moros on Mindanao.
They grabbed th ’ pore chap unawares,
sor, an’ took ’im back in th’ jungle
for torture. He wuz hung up be th’

feet, wid his throat cut an’ all th’
blood drained from his pore carcass
when we found ’im. That’s th’ way
young Calebson looked to me, sor—
all empty-like, if ye get what I
mean.”

 “ Parfaitement. And-”

  “Yes, sor, I wuz cornin’ to that,
too. I went round to th ’ garage where
they’d put his car and looked it over
most partic’lar.”

  “Yes?” de Grandin’s narrow black
brows moved upwrard till they de-
scribed twTin narrow, saracenic arches.

  “No, sor, th’ divil of a stain wuz
annywhere, except maybe a drop or
two on th’ floor an’ a little, tiny patch
o’ dried blood on the seat. Th’ front o’
th’ windshield an’ th’ hood o’ th’ car
wuz clean as th’ palm o’ me hand.
Besides that, sor—say, did ye ever
see a felly that had been all chawred
up by one o’ them big cats?”
“Cats?”

  “Yes, sor—tigers, or lions, an’ th’
like o’ that. They moved th’ outfit I
served wid over to China durin’ th’
Boxer Uprisin’, an’ some o’ th’ boys
got a tour o’ duty up country. I wuz
at a village inland where a woman had
been mauled to death by one o’ them
big blue tigers they have over there—
th’ brute tore her throat out an’
clawed her up sumpin’ dreadful be-
fore th’ heathens come out wTid drums
an’ firecrackers an’ a few guns an’

scared him away. An’-”

  “Mort d’un rat, do you tell me so?
This poor one’s injuries were like
those of the unfortunate Chinawom-
an?”

  “Per-cise-ly, sor. That’s why I’m
here. I figgered out that if he’d died
natural-like, as a result o’ th’ acci-
dent; his car ought to been wringin’
wet w’id blood, but, as I wuz after

tollin’ ye-”

  “You have said it!” de Grandin
agreed with a vigorous nod. “This
business, it has the smell of herring
on it, my friend. Come, let us go.”
He disposed of the remaining morsel
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

745

of fish, drained his coffee eup and
rose abruptly.

  “Never fear, Friend Trowbridge,”
he declared as he thrust his arms
through the sleeves of his topcoat, ‘ ‘ I
shall return in ample time for Ma-
dame Heaeote’s soiree tonight ; but at
present I am consumed with curios-
ity to view this strange young man
who died of a cut throat, yet bled not
at all.”

  I watched them as they strode down
the street beneath the autumn-tinted
leaves. The big Irish policeman,
treading lightly as a dancer, for all
his great bulk, marched along with a
slight sway from left to right, the
lasting souvenir of his years of ser-
vice with the infantry; beside him, ad-
vancing almost at a run, the slight,
diminutive Frenchman walked with
the sharp, jerky quick-step character-
istic of the army of France. An odd-
ly assorted couple they were, far
apart as the poles in birth, upbring-
ing and education, yet knit together
by that bond of brotherhood which
unites all bom man-hunters. Prob-
ably, I reflected, nothing more than
vague surmise was behind Costello’s
half-formed suspicions; yet were any
evil-doer involved in the business, he
would be well advised to put as much
distance between himself and that in-
congruous partnership as the limita-
tions of earth allowed.

2

Jules de grandest pirouetted on
gleaming, patent-leather-shod toes
like a preening bird. “Consider me,
Friend Trowbridge,” he commanded.
“Behold and admire. Am I not su-
perb, magnificent? Parbleu, this
night I shall dazzle; I shall scintil-
late; I shall be the pride of all the
ladies, the despair of all the men. Is
it not so?”

  To do him justice, he was more than
usually ornate. Though his excursion
with Sergeant Costello had kept him
from breakfast till a few minutes be-

fore dinner time, and he had spent
less than twenty minutes at his toilet,
he was arrayed hi a manner to chal-
lenge the reputation of Solomon and
his glory. About his neck hung the
insignia of the Legion of Honor ; a
row of miniature medals including
the French and Belgian war crosses,
the Medaille Militaire and the Italian
Medal for Valor decorated the left
breast of his faultless evening coat;
Ms little wheat-blond mustache was
waxed to needle sharpness and his
sleek blond hair was brushed and
brilliantined till it fitted flat against
his shapely little head like a skull-
cap of gleaming beige satin.

  “Humph,” I commented as I sur-
veyed him, “if you’ll behave as well
as you look, I suppose you’ll be all
right.”

  “O, la, Id, hear him preach!” He
grinned elfishly as he patted the white
gardenia in his buttonhole with gen-
tle but unqualifiedly approving fin-
gers. “Come, let us go. I desire to
arrive at Madame Heacote’s before
the refreshments arc entirely exhaust-
ed, if you please. ” He flung his long,
military-cut evening coat about him
with the air of a comic-opera conspir-
ator, picked up his lustrous top hat
and gold-headed ebony walking-stick
and strode debonairly toward the
door.

  “Just a moment,” I called as the
desk ’phone gave a short, chattering
ring.

 “Hullo, Trowbridge, Donovan
speaking,” a heavy voice announced
as I picked up the receiver. “Can
you bring that funny little Frog
friend of yours over to City Hospital
tonight? I’ve got a brand new vari-
ety of nut in the psychopathic ward
here—young girl, sane as you or I, ap-
parently, except for an odd fixation.
I think she’d interest de Grandin,
if-”

  “Sorry,” I cut in, “de Grandin
and I were just going to a shindig at
Mrs. Heacote’s—I expect it’ll be a
746

WEIRD TALES

frightful bore, but the family are val-
uable patients, and-”

  “Aw, rats!” Dr. Donovan inter-
rupted. “If I had as much money as
you, I’d tell all the tea-pouring old
ladies to go fly kites. Come on over;
this nut is good, I tell you. Put your
toad-eater on the 'phone; maybe he ’11
listen to reason, if you won’t.”

  “HSlas, I am desolate!” the
Frenchman declared as Donovan de-
livered his invitation. “At present
Friend Trowbridge and I go to make
great whoopee at Madame Heacote’s
—later in the evening, if you will be
so kind, we shall give ourselves the
pleasure of interviewing your so in-
triguing Mademoiselle with the idee
fixe. You agree? I am delight. We
shall be there, my friend; do not
doubt it.

  “Now, let us depart in haste, right
away, at once, before someone else de-
lays us,” he urged as he hung up the
receiver. “Me, I know these cake-
devouring habitues of parties such as
tonight’s—they will have drunk up
all the punch containing champagne
and rum, and left us nothing but lem-
onade, unless we hurry. Let us go. ’ ’

Mrs. heacote’s was the first for-
mal affair of the autumn, and
most of the elite of our little city were
present, the men still displaying the
floridness of golf course and moun-
tain trail on their faces, sun-tan, pain-
fully acquired at fashionable beaches,
lying in velvet veneer on the women’s
arms and shoulders. The big, red-
brick house was lit from street to at-
tic, and the strains of a stringed or-
chestra mingled with the dissonance
of shrill feminine chatter as we en-
tered, gave our wraps into the keep-
ing of a trimly uniformed maid and
proceeded to pay our duty to our
hostess.

  Famous lion-huntress that she was,
Mrs. Watson Ileacote had managed
to impound a considerable array of
exotic notables for her home-town
guests to gape at, and I noted with a

hidden smile how her large, pale eyes
lighted with momentary elation at
sight of de Grandin’s decorations. The
little Frenchman was quick to under-
stand the situation, and chuckled de-
lightedly as we crossed the room.
“Madame,” he bent over Mrs. Hea-
cote’s hand with more than usual cer-
emony, “believe me, I am deeply sen-
sible of the honor you have conferred
on me.” He lifted her plump, well-
manicured fingers to his lips.

  What would have been a simper in
anyone less distinguished than Mrs.
Watson ITeacote spread over the much
massaged and carefully lifted fea-
tures of Harrisonville’s social arbiter.
“It was sweet of you to come, Dr. de
Grandin,” she assured him. “Do you
know Monsieur Arif? Arif Pasha,
Dr. Jules de Grandin—Dr. Trow-
bridge.”

  The slender, sallow-skinned young
man she presented had the small, reg-
ular features, sleek, black hair and
dark, slumbrous eyes which made the
late Rudolph Valentino the idol of a
million women. He bowed jerkily
from the hips in Continental fashion
and murmured a polite acknowledg-
ment in stilted English.

  “You are, I take it, a stranger like
myself, in strange company?” he
asked de Grandin as we moved aside
for a trio of newcomers.

  Further conversation developed
that he was attached to the office of
the Turkish Consul General at New
York, that he had met Mrs. Heaeote in
London the previous summer and
that he would be exceedingly glad
when he might bid his hostess good-
night.

  “Tiens, they stare so, these Ameri-
cans, ’ ’ he complained. ‘ ‘Now, in Lon-
don or Paris-”

  “Monsoor and Modom Bera!” an-
nounced the butler, his impressive,
full-throated English voice cutting
through the staccato of drawing-room
chatter as the booming of the surf
sounds through the strains of a sea-
side resort band.
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

747

  We turned casually to view the
newcomers, then kept our eyes at
gaze; they were easily the most in-
teresting people in the room. Ma-
dame Bera walked a half-pace before
her husband, tall, exquisite, exotic as
an orchid blooming in a New England
garden. Tawny hair, combed close to
her small head, framed a broad, white
forehead, and under fine, dark-brown
brows looked out the most remarkable
eyes I had ever seen. Widely sepa-
rated, the roundness of their shape
gave them an illusion of immensity
which seemed to diminish her face,
and their color was a baffling shade
of greenish amber, contrasting oddly
with her leonine hair and warm,
maize-tan complexion. From cheek to
cheek her face was wide, tapering to
a pointed chin, and the nostrils of her
sensitive, aquiline nose flared slightly,
like those of an alert feline scenting
hidden danger. Her evening dress,
cut rather higher than the prevail-
ing mode, encased her large, supple
figure with glove-tightness from
breast to waist, then flared outward
to an uneven hem which almost swept
the floor. Beneath the edge of her
sand-colored chiffon gown her feet,
in sandals of gold kid, appeai’ed
absurdly small as she crossed the room
with a lithe, easy stride which seemed
pantherine in its effortless grace.

  Older by two-score years than his
consort, Monsieur Bera yet had some-
thing of the same feline ease of move-
ment which characterized her. Like
hers, too, his face was wide from cheek
to cheek, pointed at the chin and
adorned with a hawk-beak nose with
unusually wide nostrils. Unlike his
wife’s, his eyes were not round, but
long, inclined to be oblique, and half
closed, as though to shade them from
the glitter of the electric lights. Fast-
thinning gray hair was combed back
from his brow in an effort to conceal
a noticeable bald spot on his crani-
um; his heavy mustache, whiter than
his hair, was waxed and tightly

twisted after the style affected by the
former German emperor, and a tiny
tuft of white goatee adorned his low-
er lip. For the rest, he wore a rim-
less, stringless monocle in his right
eye, and through its polished lens
seemed to view the assemblage with a
sort of sardonic contempt. One thing
more in common betwen husband and
wife I noticed as they crossed the
room—the pale white crystal of their
teeth beneath their thin red lips.

  “Ya Allah!” the young Turk, who
stood between de Grandin and me,
sunk his fingers into our elbows. “I
do not like them—they look as though
they belonged to that people!”

  “Eh, what is it you say?” de Gran-
din demanded in a sharp whisper.

  “It is nothing, sir; you would not
understand.”

  “On the contrary, Monsieur, I un-
derstand very well, indeed,” the
Frenchman retorted in a tense voice.
“I dislike to remind you, but it has
not been many years since your coun-
try and mine were at war. The threat
of a religious uprising, induced by
the Sublime Porte among the tribes-
men of North Africa, occupied much
thought in our Colonial Office, and I
was sent to Tunis to investigate. Dis-
guised as a Pere Iilanc—and other
things—I mingled with the natives.
It was vile—I had to shave off my
mustaches!—but it was instructive. I
learned much. I learned, by example,
of the djinns which haunt the ruins of
Carthage, and of the strange ones who
dwell in tombs; a weird, terrible folk
without a name—at any rate, without
a name which a man may speak aloud,
even in the confines of his own
house.”

  Arif Pasha regarded de Grandin
with a fearful glance. “You have
seen them?” he asked in a low breath.

  “I have heard much of them, and
their stigmata have been described to
me,” the Frenchman answered even-
ly. ‘ ‘ Come, let us seek introduction to
la belle Bera.”
748

WEIRD TALES

  “Allah forbid!’’ the Turk denied,
walking hastily away.

  The lady proved gracious as she
was beautiful. Viewed closely, her
strange eyes were stranger still, for
they had a trick of contracting their
pupils in the light, bringing out the
full beauty of their fine irises, and
of expanding in shadow until they
seemed black as night. Too, I noted,
when she smiled her slow, wide smile,
all four canine teeth seemed unduly
prominent and sharp. This, perhaps,
accounted for the startling contrast
between her crimson lips and her per-
fect dentition. Her hands were un-
usual, too. Small and fine they were,
with supple, slender fingers, but ex-
traordinarily broad of palm, and the
nails, trimmed to points and very
brightly rouged and polished, till they
resembled the hennaed finger-tips of a
harem odalisk, curved oddly down-
ward over her fingers; had they been
longer they would have suggested tal-
ons. Her voice was a rich, heavy con-
tralto, and when she spoke slow, hesi-
tant English a purring undertone
seemed to run from syllable to syl-
lable.

  The odd characteristics which were
somehow exotically attractive in his
wife were intensified to a degree of
unpleasantness in Monsieur Bera. The
over-prominent teeth which lent a
piquant charm to her smile were a de-
formity in his cruel, thin-lipped
mouth; the overhanging nails which
made her long, beautifully formed
hands only more attractive were defi-
nitely claw-like on his skinny fingers;
the queer trick of contracting and ex-
panding his pupils in changing lights
gave his narrow, watchful eyes a fur-
tive expression unpleasantly remi-
niscent of the eyes of a dope-fiend—or
of a cruel treacherous cat.

  “I am interested,” de Grandin de-
clared with the frankness which only
he could employ, yet not seem dis-
courteous; “your name, Madame, in-

trigues me greatly. Bera, it is not a
French name, yet I heard you an-
nounced as Monsieur et Madame-”

  “We are Tunisians,” she replied
with a languid smile which displayed
her crimson lips and ivory teeth to ad-
vantage. “Both my husband and I
were bom and reared in northern
Africa. We came to this country only
a short time ago.”

  “Ah, then I am indeed fortunate,”
de Grandin smiled delightedly. “Is
it by any great good fortune that you
reside in this city? If so, I should
greatly esteem permission to call
and-”

  I heard no summons, but Madame
Bera evidently did, for with another
smile and a friendly little nod she
turned from de Grandin before he
could complete his request and has-
tened to Mrs. Heacote’s side.

  “Beard of a little blue man!” de
Grandin made a humorous grimace as
he rejoined the young Turk and me;
“it would seem Jules de Grandin is
losing his appeal for the sex. Was
ever the chilled shoulder more effec-
tively presented than by la charmante
Bera a moment hence?

  “Come, my friends,” he linked his
hands through our elbows and drew
us toward the farther room, “women
may smile or women may frown, but
champagne punch is always pleasant
to the taste.”

  We sampled several varieties of
punch, discussed an ice and a sur-
prizing array of small, sweet cakes
and sandwiches, then made our adieux
to our hostess. Outside, young Arif
Pasha was about to enter his taxi
when de Grandin tapped him 011 the
shoulder. “ We may see more of each
other anon, mon vieux,” he promised.
“It may well be that I shall seek your
help. ’ ’

  The Turk met his gaze with a level
look of understanding. “I shall be
ready when you call,” he promised
with a nod.
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

749

3

T'VR. donovan held his automatic
lighter to de Grandin’s cigarette,
performed a similar service for me,
then snapped down the wiek-shield
with a click, extinguishing the flame
before striking a fresh one for his own
smoke. “No use taking unnecessary
chances with a three-on-one light, you
know,” he explained with a sheepish
grin. “I don’t know whether the
same rules that apply to matches
govern these gimcracks, but it’s better
to play safe. Now, about this girl
they brought in today:

  “It was early this morning—half-
past. four or so—when a State Con-
stabulary patrol found her wandering
around the woods west of Mooreston
with nothing but a nightdress on.
They questioned her, but could get no
information, for most of the time she
didn’t speak at all, and when she did
it was only to slobber some sort of
meaningless gibberish. According to
Hoyle they should have taken her to
the State Hospital for observation, but
they’re pretty full over there, and
prefer to handle only regularly com-
mitted cases, so the troopers brought
her here and turned her over to the
city police.

  “Frankly, the case has my goat.
Familiar with dementia prsecox, are
you, Doctor?” he turned question-
ingly to de Grandin.

  “Quite,” the Frenchman returned.
“I have seen many poor ones suffer-
ing from it. Usually it occurs be-
tween the ages of fifteen and thirty-
five, though most cases I have observed
were in the eai'ly twenties. Wherever
I have seen it, the disease was charac-
terized by states of excitement or de-
pression accompanied by delusions of
aural or visual type. Most patients
believed they were persecuted, or had
been through some harrowing experi-
ence—occasionally they posed, gestic-
ulated and grimaced.”

  “Just so.” Donovan expelled a
cloud of smoke from his nostrils.

“You’ve got it down pat, Doctor. I
thought I had, too, but I’m not so
sure, now. What would be your di-
agnosis if a patient displayed every
sign of ataxic aphasia, couldn’t utter
a single intelligent word, then fell
into a stupor which lasted the better
part of eight hours and woke up with
a case of the horrors? This girl’s
about twenty-three, and absolutely
perfect. What’s more, her reflexes
are all right—knee-jerks normal, very

sensitive to pain, and all that, but-’ ’

He looked inquiringly at de Grandin.

 “H’m; from your statement, I
should suggest dementia prsecox. It
is well known that such dements
frequently fall into comatose sleeps in
which they suffer nightmares, and on
waking are so mentally confused that
they can not distinguish between the
phantoms of their dreams and their
waking surroundings. ’ ’

  “Precisely. Well, I had a talk
with this child, heard her story, then
gave her a big dose of codein in a
glass of milk. She slept three hours
with that, and woke up seemingly as
normal as you or I, but I’m darned
if she didn’t repeat the same story,
chapter and verse, that she gave me
when she first came out of her stupor.
I’d say she was sane as a judge if it
weren’t for this delusion she persists
in. Will you come up and have a
look at her?”

  Donovan’s patient lay on the neat,
white-iron hospital cot, staring with
wide, frightened eyes at the little ob-
servation-grille in the unlocked door
of her cell. Even the conventional
high-necked and long-sleeved muslin
bedgown furnLhed by the hospital
could not hide her frail prettiness.
With her pale, smooth skin, her light,
short hair and big, violet eyes in
which lay a look of perpetual terror
she was like a little, frightened child,
and a wave of sympathy swept over
me as we entered the room. That de
Grandin felt the same I could tell by
the kindly smile he gave her as he
750

WEIRD TALES

drew a chair to her bedside and seated
himself. He took her thin, bine-veined
hand in his and patted it gently
before placing his finger on her pulse.

  “I've brought a couple of gentle-
men to see you, Annie, ’ ’ Dr. Donovan
announced as the little Frenchman
gazed intently at the tiny gold watch
strapped to the under side of his
wrist, comparing its second-hand with
the girl's pulsation. “Dr. de Grandin
is a famous French detective as well
as a doctor; he’ll be glad to hear your
story; maybe lie can do something
about it.”

  A tortured look swept over the
girl’s small face as he finished. “You
think I’m crazy,” she accused, half
rising from her pillow. “I know you
do, and you’ve brought these men
here to examine me so you can put
me in a madhouse for always. Oh, it’s
dreadful—I’m not insane, I tell you;
I’m as sane as you are, if you’d only

listen-’ ’

  “Now, Annie, don’t excite your-
self,” Donovan soothed. “You know
I wouldn’t do anything like that; I’m

your friend, and-”

  “My name’s not Annie,” she inter-
rupted hotly, “and you’re not my
friend. Nobody is. You think I’m
crazy—all you doctors think every-
one who gets into an asylum must be
crazy, and you’ll send me to a mad-
house and I’ll reallv go crazy there!”
“Well, Annie—

  “My name’s not Annie, I tell you.
Why do you keep calling me that?”
Donovan cast a quick wink in my
direction, then turned a serious face
to the girl. “I thought your name
was Annie,” he apologized. “I must
have been mistaken. What is it?”
“I’ve told you it’s Trula, Trula
Petersen. I used to live in Paterson,
but lost my position there and
couldn’t get anything to do, so I
came to Harrisonville looking for

work, and-”

  “Very good, Friend Donovan,” de
Grandin announced, relinquishing the

girl’s wrist but retaining her fingers
in his, “when first this young lady
came she could not tell her name; now
she can. Bon, we make progress. Her
heart action is strong and good. I
think perhaps we shall make much
more progress. Now, Mademoiselle,”
he gave the girl one of his quick,
friendly smiles, “if you will be so
good as to detail your adventures
from the start, we shall listen with
closest attention. Believe me, we are
friends, and nothing you say shall be
taken as proof of madness.”

  The girl gave him a pitiful little
smile which was a weak copy of his
own. “I do believe you, sir,” she re-
turned, “and I’ll tell you everything,
for I know I can trust you.

  “When the Clareborne Silk Mills
closed down in Paterson I lost my
place as timekeeper. Most of the
other mills were laying people off, and
there was no chance for me to get
another situation. I’m an orphan,
with no relatives, and I had to get
work right away, for I didn’t have
more than fifty dollars in bank.
After trying several places I came to
Harrisonville, where nobody knew
me, and registered at a domestic ser-
vants’ agency. It was better to be a
housemaid than starve, I thought.

  “The very day I registered a Mrs.
Afrique came looking for a maid, and
picked two other girls and me as pos-
sibilities. She looked us all over,
asked a lot of questions about our
families, where we were born, and
that sort of thing, then chose me, be-
cause she said she preferred a maid
without relatives or friends, who
wouldn't be wanting to run out. every
evening. Her car was waiting outside,
and I had no baggage except my suit-
case, so I went along with her.”
“U’m,” de Grandin murmured.
“And she took you where?”

  “I don't know.”

  “Eh? How do you say?”

  “I don’t know, sir. It was a big
foreign car with a closed body, and
she told me to sit in the tonneau with
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

751

her instead of up front with the
chauffeur. When we’d started I
noticed for the first time that the
windows were of frosted glass, and I
couldn’t see where we went. We
must have gone a long way, though,
for the car seemed traveling very
fast, and there were no traffic stops.
When we finally stopped we were
under a porte-cochere, and we entered
the house directly from the tonneau;
so I couldn’t get any idea of the sur-
rounding country.”

  “Bites! Surely, in the days that
followed, you could look about?” de
Grandin persisted.

  A look of terror flared in the girl’s
eyes, and her pale lips writhed in a
grimace of hideous fear. "The days
that followed!” she echoed with a
thin scream; “it’s the days that fol-
lowed that brought me here!”

  “Ah? Do you say so?” the French-
man demanded sharply.

  “Now we’re gettin’ it!” Donovan
whispered in my ear with a low
chuckle. “Go ahead and ask her. de
Grandin; you tell him, Annie. This
is going to be good! ’ ’

  De Grandin and the girl could not
understand his words, but his tone
and laugh were obvious. “Oh!” the
patient Availed, releasing her hand
from de Grandin’s and putting it to
her eyes. “Oh—you’re all making
game of me!”

  “Be silent, fine,” the Frenchman
commanded savagely. “Parbleu, clean-
ing the roadways would be work more
fitting for you than treating the in-
firm of mind! Do not mind him,
Mademoiselle.” He repossessed him-
self of the girl’s fingers and smoothed
them gently. “Proceed with your
narrative, I pray. I shall listen and
believe.”

  For a moment the little patient
shook as with an ague, and I could
see her grip on the Frenchman’s fin-
gers tighten, for the lines of her
flexor muscles showed white against
the back of her hand. “ Please, please,

believe me, Doctor,” she begged. “It’s
really the truth I’m telling you. They
—they wanted—to-”

  “Eh, did they so, parbleuV* de
Grandin replied. “Very good, Made-
moiselle, you escaped them. No one
shall hurt you now, and no one shall
persecute you. Jules de Grandin
promises it. Now, to proceed.”

  “I was afraid,” she confessed,
“terribly afraid from the moment I
got in the car with Mrs. Afrique and
realized that I couldn't look out the
windows. I’d have screamed and tried
to jump out, but I was hungry and
out of work; besides, she was a big
woman, and could have overpowered
me without trouble.

  “When we got to the house I was
still more frightened, and Mrs.
Afrique seemed to notice it, for she
smiled and took me by the arm. Ugh,
her hands were strong as a man’s—
stronger—and when I tried to draw
away she only held me tighter and
sort of chuckled deep down in her
throat—like a big cat purring when
it’s caught a mouse! She half *led,
half shoved me down a long hall
which was almost bare of furniture,
through a door and down a flight of
steps into the basement. The next
thing I knew she’d pushed me bodily
into a little room, no bigger than
this, and locked the door!

  “The door was of solid, thick
planks, and the only window was a
little barred opening almost up to the
ceiling, which I couldn’t reach even
when I pushed the bed over and stood
on it. This air-hole let in a little light,
but didn’t give me any chance to see
outside.

  “I don’t know how long I stayed
in that place. At first I thought the
window let outdoors, but the light
seemed the same strength all the time,
so I suppose it really looked out into
the main basement and what I at
first thought weak sunlight was really
reflected from an electric bulb some-
where. At any rate, I determined to
fight for my freedom the first chance
752

WEIRD TALES

I had, for I’d read stories of white-
slavers who kidnaped girls, and I
was sure I’d fallen into the hands of
some such gang. If I only had!

  ‘ ‘ I don’t know how they knew when
to do it, but they never opened that
door except when I was asleep. I’d
lie awake for hours, pretending to be
sleeping, so that someone would open
the door and give me a chance to die
fighting, but nothing ever happened;
then the moment I grew so tired that
1 couldn't keep my eyes open another
moment, and really fell asleep, the
door would be opened, my soiled
dishes taken out and a fresh supply of
food brought in. I’d find it there
when I woke. The food was good, and
plentiful. There was always some sort
of meat—veal or young pork, I think
it was—and bread and vegetables and
a big vacuum bottle of coffee and an-
other of milk. If I hadn’t been so
terribly frightened, I might have en-
joyed it, for I’d been hungry for a
long time.

“ /~vne night I woke with a start. At
least I suppose it was night,
though there was really 110 way of
telling. I heard voices outside my
door, the first I’d heard since I came
there. ‘Please, please let me go,’ a
girl was pleading sobbingly. ‘I’ve
never done anything to you, and I’ll
do anything—anythin? you ask, if
you’ll only let me go!’

  “Whoever it was she spoke to an-
swered in a soft, gentle, purring sort
of voice, ‘Do not be afraid, we seek
only to have a little sport with you;
then you are free.’

  “It was a man who spoke; I could
tell that by the heavy voice, and I
could hear the girl sobbing and plead-
ing in terror till he took her up the
stairs and closed the basement door.

  “I didn’t know what to think. I'd
supposed I was the only prisoner in
the house, but now I knew there was
at least one other. ‘What were they
doing to her—what would they do to
me when my turn came?’ I kept ask-

ing myself as I lay there trembling.
Presently I heard some heavy thuds
on the floor right over my head, as
though several people were running
about in tennis shoes or bare feet.
Then there was a scream, then more
running, then more screams. After
that everything was still, so still I
could hear my heart beating. I lay
there trembling, waiting for them to
bring her back; but they never did.
At last I fell asleep.”

  Dr. Donovan was chuckling in un-
disguised amusement, and I began to
revise my first impressions. It was
only too sadly evident that the poor
girl had been through some distress-
ing experience, and that her nerves
were badly shaken, but the story she
told was so preposterous I was won-
dering seriously if this were not a
case of delusional insanity when de
Gran din’s sharp comment broke in.

  “This Madame Afrique, what did
she look like, my child?”

  “She was a large woman—tall, that
is,” the Petersen girl answered. “Big
and blond, with queer-looking, brown-
green eyes and odd, long nails that
turned down over her finger-tips, like

claws. She-”

  “Name of an intoxicated pig, I was
sure, I was certain; now I am posi-
tive! They are undoubtlesslv one and
the same! Stupid me, why did I not
recognize it at once?” de Grandin
exclaimed. “Say on, my child. Tell
us all; I wait with interest.”

  The girl swallowed twice convulsive-
ly, and gave her other hand into de
Grandin’s keeping. “Hold me, Doc-
tor, hold me tight, ’ ’ she begged. “ I’m
afraid; terribly afraid, even now.

  “I knew something dreadful was
going to happen when lie finally came
for me, but I hadn’t a thought how
terrible it. would be. It must have
been three days later, judging by the
number of times my food had been
replenished, that he came for me. I
was sound asleep when I felt someone
shaking me roughly by the shoulder.
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

753

‘Get up,’ I was told; ‘we’re going to
let you go—if you can. ’

  “I tried to ask questions, to get
him to wait till I put on some
clothes, but he fairly dragged me,
just as I was, from the bed. When I
got upstairs I found myself in a big,
bare room, brightly lighted by a ceil-
ing electric fixture, and with only a
few articles of furniture in it—one or
two big chairs, several small foot-
stools and a big couch set diagonally
aci'oss one comer. It was night; I
could see the rain beating against the
window-pane and hear the wind blow-
ing outside. In the sudden, unac-
customed light I saw a tall old man,
with scant white hair and big white
mustache and queer, greenish eyes,
held me by the shoulder. He was
dressed in a sort of bathrobe or gown
of some dark-colored stuff and his
feet were bare. Then I saw the
woman', Mrs. Afrique. She was in a
sort of short nightgown, one that
reached only to her knees, and, like
the man, she, too, was barefooted.

  1 ‘ He shoved me to the middle of the
room, and all the time the woman
stood there smiling and eyeing me
hungrily.

  ‘‘ ‘ My wife and I have a little game
we sometimes play with our guests,’
the old man told me. ‘We turn out
the lights and enjoy a little romp of
tag. If the guest can get away in the
darkness, she is free to do so; if she

can not-’ He stopped and smiled

at me—the crudest smile I’ve ever
seen.

  “ ‘Wh—what happens if she can
not?’ I faltered.

  “He put out his hand and stroked
my bare arm. ‘Very nice,’ he mur-
mured, ‘nice and tender, eh?’ The
woman nodded and licked her red
lips with the tip of her red tongue,
and her queer green eyes seemed to
shine as she looked at me.

  “ ‘If the guest can not get away,’
the man answered with a dreadful,
low laugh, then looked at the woman
again. ‘You’ve eaten well since you

came here,’ he went on, apparently
forgetting what he’d started to say;
‘how did you like the meat we
served?’

  “I nodded; I didn't know what to
say. Then: ‘Why, it was very nice,’
I answered, fearing to anger him if I
kept silent.

  “ ‘Ye-es,’ he agreed with another
laugh. ‘Very nice; very nice, indeed.
That meat, dear, tender young lady—
that meat was the guests who couldn't
get away!’

  “I closed my eyes and thought
hard. This couldn’t be true, I told
myself. This was just some dreadful
dream; such things couldn’t happen
in Twentieth Century New Jersey.

  “It was a lucky thing for me I
did close my eyes, for while I stood
there swaying with nauseated horror
I heard a faint click. Instantly I
opened my eyes to find the light had
been shut off and I was standing alone
in the center of the great room.”

  ‘ ‘ How did you know you were alone
if the light had been shut off? The
room was pitch-dark, wasn’t it?” Dr.
Donovan demanded.

  The girl never turned her head.
Her terrified eyes remained steadily,
pleadingly, on de Grandin’s face as
she answered in a choked whisper:

  “By tlieir eyes!

  “The woman stood at one end of
the room, the man had moved silently
to the other, and in the darkness I
could see their eyes, like the phos-
phorescent, green orbs of wild jungle-
beasts at night. The steady, green-
gleaming eyes came slowly nearer and
nearer, sometimes straight, sometimes
circling in the darkness, but never for
an instant did they turn from me. I
was being stalked like a mouse by
hungry cats—the creatures could see
in the dark!

  “I said a moment ago it was for-
tunate for me I’d closed my eyes.
That’s all that saved me. If they’d
been open when the lights went out,
I’d have been completely blinded by
the resulting blackness, but, as it was,
754

WEIRD TALES

when I opened them the room was
just a little lighter than the absolute
darkness of closed eyes. The result
was I could see their bodies like mov-
ing blotches of shadow slightly heav-
ier than that of the rest of the room,
and could even make out the shapes
of some of the furniture. I could see
the dull-gray of the rain-washed win-
dow, too.

  “As I turned in terror from one
creeping shadow-thing to the other,
the female let out a low, dreadful
wailing cry, like the gradually grow-
ing miaul of a hunting cat, only deep-
er and louder. The he-thing answered
it, and it seemed to me there was an
undertone of fiendish, half-human
laughter in the horrible caterwaul.

  “It seemed to me all the forces of
hell were let loose in that great, dark
room. I heard myself screaming,
praying, shrieking curses and obsceni-
ties I’d never realized I even knew,
and answering me came the wild, in-
human screeches of the two glowing-
eyed things that hunted me.

  “Without realizing what I did, I
snatched up a heavy footstool and
hurled it at the nearer pair of eyes.
They say a woman can’t throw
straight, but my shot took effect. I
saw the blurred outline of a body
double up with an agonized howl and
go crashing to the floor, where it
flopped and contorted like a fish
jerked from the water.

  “With a shrill, ear-splitting scream
the other thing was on me, and I
dodged to my knees just in time to
avoid the threshing blow it aimed at
me—I felt my flimsy nightdress rip
to tatters as her long, sharp nails
tore through it.

  “I rolled over and over across the
floor with that she-devil leaping and
springing after me. 1 snatched at an-
other hassock as I rolled, and flung it
behind me. It tripped her, and for a
moment she went to her knees, but
her short dress offered no hindrance
to her movements, and she was up

and after me, howling and screaming
like a beast, in another second.

  “I’d managed to roll somewhat
nearer the window, and as I came in
contact with another stool I grasped
it and hurled it with all my might at
the panes. They shattered outward
with a crash and I dived through the
opening. The ground was scarcely
six feet below, and the rain had
softened it so that it broke my fall
almost like a mattress. An instant
after I’d struck the soft, rain-soaked
lawn, I was on my feet and running
as no woman ever ran before.”

  “Yes, and then-?” de Grandin

prompted softly.

  The girl shook her slim, muslin-
clad shoulders and shuddered like one
waking from a fearsome dream.
“That’s all there is,” she stated
simply. “The next thing I knew I
was waking in this bed and Dr. Dono-
van was asking me about myself.”

“npHAT’s letter perfect,” Donovan
•L commented. “Exactly the way
she told it twice before. What do you
make of it ? ”

  “Make of it?” de Grandin echoed,
almost wonderingly. “Bear’d of a blue
mouse, what can one make of the
truth more than that which it is
already? Yes. C’est la verite she
speaks, beyond a doubt, my friends.
I damn think our beauteous Madame
Bera and her so detestably ugly spouse
have overreached themselves. There
is no doubt they and the Afriques
are the same couple. Why should they
not choose that name as a nom de
ruse; are they not of Tiuiis, and is
not Tunis in Africa? But yes.”
“Holy smoke!” Donovan emitted a
low whistle. “You don’t mean you
actually believe all this bunk?”
“Mats certainement,” de Grandin
replied. “So firmly do I believe it
that I am willing to stand sponsor
for this young lady immediately if
you will release her on parole to ac-
company Friend Trowbridge and
me.”
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

755

  “We*ll, I’ll be—oh, all right; it’s
your funeral, if you want to take the
responsibility. “Want to go with these
gentlemen, Annie?” He regarded the
girl with a questioning smile.

  “Yes! I’ll go anywhere with him;
he trusts me,” she returned; then, as
an afterthought, “And my name’s
not Annie.”

  “All right, Annie, get your clothes
on; we’ll be waiting for you in the
office,” Donovan replied with a grin
as he led the way from her cell.

  Almost before we had entered the
hospital office de Grandin was at the
telephone, calling Police Headquar-
ters. “I would that you give this
message to Sergeant Costello immedi-
ately he arrives; it is Dr. de Grandin
who speaks,” he called when his con-
nection was put through. “Request
that he ascertain the address given
by Monsieur and Madame Afrique
when they went to secure domestic
help from Osgood’s Employment
Agency; ascertain, if possible, the
names and addresses of all young
women who entered their employ from
the agency, and have him take steps
to locate them at once, if he can.

  “Tres ion,” he nodded as the
Petersen girl made her appearance,
“you are in good time, my child.
Come, let us depart.”

IT was something after four o’clock
the following afternoon when Detec-
time Sergeant Costello rang up. “I
got some o’ th’ dope ye wuz after
wantin’, Dr. de Grandin, sor,” he an-
nounced. “Th’ Africays hired four
gur-rls from Osgood’s about a week
apart; didn’t seem to find anny of
’em satisfactory, sor.”

  “Ah, and the young women are
now where?” the Frenchman de-
manded eagerly.

  “None of ’em’s been located as yet,
sor. It so happens they wuz all
strangers in town, or at least didn’t
have anny folks here, an’ all of ’em
wuz livin’ in furnished rooms at th’
time they wuz hired. None of ’em has

reported back to her roomin’-house
or applied to Osgood’s for re-employ-
ment. We’ll look round for ’em a bit
more, if ye say so, sor, though I don’t
think ’twill do much good. They’re
mostly fly-by-night, them gur-rls, ye
know.”

  “You say truly, mon ami,” the
Frenchman muttered. “Helas, their
poor spirit have flown by night long
since, I fear.” Then:

  “And the address given by Mon-
sieur and Madame Ber—Afrique;
could the agency supply that?”

  “Sure they could, sor; ’twas 762
Orient Bullyvard.”

  “Ah? Bon; I shall go there

and-”

   “Needn’t be troublin’ yerself, sor.
I’ve been there already.”

  “Ah bah; I fear you have spoiled
it. I did not wish them to suspect we

knew. Now, I much fear-”

  “Ye needn’t sor; 762 Orient Bully-
vard is a vacant lot. ’ ’

, “ Hell and ten thousand furies! Do
you tell me?”

  “I sure do, sor; but here’s sumpin
solid for us to sink our teeth into. I
think I’ve uncovered a lead on th’
Calebson case.”

  “Indeed?”

  “Well, ’tain’t much, sor, but it’s
more than we knew before. He wuzn’t
alone when he died; leastwise, he
wuzn’t alone a few minutes before. I
run across a pair o’ young fellies that
seen ’im takin’ a lady into his coupe
on th’ Albemarle Pike just a little
way outside Mooreston late th’ night
before they found ’im dead wid his
ear jammed up agin a ti’ee.”

  “Chapeau d’un bouc, is it so? And
have you a description of the lady of
mystery?”

  “Kind o’; yes, sor. She wuz a big
gur-rl, wrapped in some sort o’ long
cloak, an’ didn’t have no hat on. They
place that be th’ fact that they seen
her hair in th’ light from th’ car’s
lamps, sor. It wuz light blond, sor.”
756

WEIRD TALES

  The little Frenchman set down the
’phone, and his small blue eyes were
sparkling with a light as cold and
hard as polar ice reflecting the aurora
borealis. “My child,” he exclaimed,
seizing both Trula Petersen’s slender
hands in his, “Ic bon Dieio has been
very good to you. He has delivered
those who hunted and harried you
like a brute beast into the hands of
Jules de Grandin.”

  “What are you going to do?” I
asked, wondering.

  “ Do ? ” his waxed must ache quivered
like the whiskei’s of an irritable tom-
cat. “Do? Parblcu, am I one to slap
the face of Providence ? Mille nons. I
shall serve them as they deserve, no
less. May Satan fry me in a skillet if
I do not!”

  A moment later lie was thumbing
through the telephone directory. “Ah,
Madame Heacote,” he announced
when that lady finally answered his
urgent call, “I am unhappy, I am
miserable; I am altogether desolate!
At your so charming reception I met
that delightful Monsieur and Madame
Bera, and we discovered many friends
iti common. Of the goodness of their
heart they invited me to call, and I
made careful note of their address.
Now, helm, like a great stupid-head,
I have misplaced it. Can you—ah, a
million thousand thanks!

  "Triomplie!” he cried a moment
later, turning from the ’phone. “It
is even as I suspected. They are
clever, but Jules do Grandin is
cleverer. Yes. They dwell near Moores-
ton; their house abuts the Albemarle
Pike. To find them will be a small
task.

  “Trowbridge, mon vieux, I pray
you have the capable Nora McGinnis,
that queen among cooks, prepare us
a noble dinner this night. There is
much to be done, and I would do it
with a full stomach. Meantime, I call
that Monsieur Arif and bid him hast-
en to us. It was he who first roused my
suspicions; he deserves to be present
when it is finished. Yes, assuredly.”

 4

Chorti.y before dinner de Grandin
^ returned from the errand which
had occupied his entire afternoon, a
bulky brown-paper parcel clutched
tightly under each arm. For half an
hour or more he was busily engaged
in some secret business in his room,
and, though I was fairly bursting
with the pressure of a hundred ques-
tions, he gave me no opportunity to
satisfy my curiosity during dinner.

  Instead he kept up a running fire of
conversation, most of it witty, all of
it inconsequential. Stories of student
life at the Sorbonne, droll tales of the
War, anecdotes of his travels in the
far places of the world—anything but
the slightest reference to the mystery
of Monsieur and Madame Bera he
rattled off like a wound-up phono-
graph.

  Finally, when coffee was served in
the drawing-room, he lighted a cigar,
stretched his slender, patent-leather-
shod feet toward the blazing logs in
the fireplace and regarded Trula Pet-
ersen and me in turn with his quick,
bird-like glance. “You trust me, ma
petite?” he suddenly asked the girl.
“Oh, yes.”

  “Tres bon: we shall put that trust
to the test before long.” He smiled
whimsically, then:

  .‘ You have never hunted the tiger
in India, I assume?”

  “Sir! No! I’ve never been any-
where except Norway, where I was
born, and this country, where I’ve
lived since I was ten.”

  '' Excellent. I see I must enlighten
you. In India, when they would bring
the striped one within gunshot, they
tether a little, so helpless kid to a
stake. The tiger scents a meal, ap-
proaches the small goat; the white
man, waiting, gun in hand, squeezes
his trigger and—voila. A tigerskin
rug for some pretty lady’s boudoir.
It is all very simple.”

  “I—I don't think I understand,
sir,” the girl faltered, but there was a
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

757

telltale widening of her eyes and a
constriction of the muscles of her
throat as she spoke.

  “Very well. Permit that I explain
in detail. Anon our good friend, Arif
Pasha, will come. When all is ready
you will assume the same costume you
wore when they brought you to the
hospital, and over it you will put
warm wrappings. Thereafter Friend
Trowbridge will drive us to Monsieur
Bora’s house and you will descend,
clad as you were when you fled.
Across the lawn you will stagger, call-
ing for help. Unless I am more mis-
taken than I think, one or both of
them will sally forth to see who cries
for help in the night. Then-”

  “O-o-oh, no!” the girl wailed in a
stifled voice. *‘I couldn’t do that; I
wouldn’t go there for all the money
in-”

  “Zut! Who speaks of money? This
is a thing I would have you do for
humanity’s sake, my child. Consider:
Did not you tell me you woke one
night in your prison cell to hear Bera
the Monster leading another girl to
torture and to death? Did you not
thereafter hear the stamping of feet
which fled and feet which pursued,
and the agonized scream of one who
was caught?”

  The girl nodded dumbly.

  “Very good. Suppose I now tell
you four girls were hired by these
beast-people from the same agency
whence you went to their service.
That much we know; it is a matter of
police record. It is also a matter of
record that none of them, save you,
has ever since been seen. How many
other unfortunate ones went the same
sad road is a matter of conjecture, but
unless you are willing to do this thing
for me those we seek may escape. They
may move .to some other place and
play their so infernal games of hide-
and-seek-in-the-dark with only the
good God knows how many other poor
ones.

  “Attend me further, little pretty
one: The night you escaped by what

was no less than a miracle of the
blessed saints, a young man named
Thomas Calebson—a youth of good
family and position—young, attrac-
tive, in love, with everything to live
for, drove his coupe through Moores-
ton along the Albemarle Pike toward
this city, where he lived. A short dis-
tance from Mooreston he was hailed
by a woman, a big blond woman, who
sought for something in the roadside
woods.

  “In the kindness of his heart he
offered the woman a ride to Harrison-
ville. Next morning his motor car
was found in collision with a wayside
tree. The windshield was smashed to
fragments—I myself saw it—and
through the broken glass the young
man’s head protruded. His throat
was severed; he was dead. But no-
where was there any blood. Neither
on the car nor on his clothing was
there stain, yet he had bled to death.
Also, I who am at once a physician
and an observer of facts, examined
his poor, severed throat. Such tears
as marred his flesh might have been
made by teeth, perchance by claws;
by broken glass, never. The pig-
ignorant jury of the coroner returned
a verdict of death by accident, but
Sergeant Costello of the gendarmerie
and I know better.

  “What happened in that young
man’s car we do not certainly know,
but we can surmise much. We suspect,
by example, that a thing which dotes
on human flesh and blood, a foul thing
made after the semblance of a woman,
had whetted its appetite for a feast,
then been disappointed in the moment
of expectation. From her lair she
rushed forth in search of her escaped
prey, but her search was vain. Along
comes this unsuspecting young man.
Into his car the she-fiend gets. They
ride together for a time. They arrive
at a lonely spot where road and Avood-
land and sAvamp come together. There
is a sudden shrill, inhuman scream,
the glare of green beast-eyes in the
dark, the stifling Aveight of a body
758

WEIRD TALES

hurled on unsuspecting shoulders and
the rending of shrinking flesh by bes-
tial teeth and claws. The car is m
stopped, then started; it is run for- ‘
cibly against a tree; a head, already
almost severed from its body, is thrust
through the broken windshield and—
the nameless horror which wears the
guise of woman returns to its den,
its lips red from the feast, its gorge
replenished. ’ ’

  “De Grandin!” I expostulated.
“You’re l’aving. Such things can’t
be!”

  “Ha, can they not, parbleuf” He
tweaked the ends of his diminutive
blond mustache, gazing pensively at
the fire a moment, then:

  “Regard me, my friend; listen, pay
attention: Where, if you please, is
Tunis?”

  “In northwest Africa.”

  “ Precisement. And Egypt is where,
if you please?”

  “In Africa, of course, but-”

  “But me no buts, good friend.
Both lie on the same dark continent,
that dark mother of darksome mys-
teries whose veil no man has ever com-
pletely lifted. Now, attend me: In
lower Egypt, near Zagazig, are the
great ruins of Tell Besta. They mark
the site of the ancient, wicked city of
Bubastis, own sister to Sodom and
Gomorrah of accursed memory. It
was there, in the days of the third
Ramoses, thirteen hundred years be-
fore the birth of Christ, that men and
women worshiped the cat-headed one,
she who was called Ubasti, sometimes
known as Bast. Yes. With phallic em-
blems and obscenities which would
shock present-day Montmartre, they
worshiped her. Today her temples lie
in ruins, and only the hardest stones
of her many monuments endure.

  “Ha, but there are things more en-
during than granite and brass, my
friend. The olden legends tell us of
a race apart, a race descended from
the loins of this cat-headed one of
Bubastis, who shared her evil, feline
nature, even though they wore the

outward semblance of women and of
men. The fellaheen of Egypt are poor,
wretchedly poor, and what the bare
necessities of living do not snateh
from them the tax collector does; yet
not for all the English gold that clinks
and jingles at Shepard’s Hotel in
Cairo could one bribe a fellah to ven-
ture into the ruins of Tell Besta after
sunset. No, it is a fact; I myself have
seen it.

  “Pourquoit Because, my friend,
that cursed spot is glioul-haunted. Do
not laugh, it is no laughing matter;
it is so.

  “The ancient gods are dust, and
dust are all their worshipers, but
their memory and their evil live after
them. The fellaheen will tell you of
strange, terrible things which dwell
amid the ruins near Zagazig, things
formed like human creatures, but
which are, as your own so magnificent
Monsieur Poe has said, neither man
nor woman, nor brute nor human—
they are ghouls. Yes, certainly. Like
a man or like a woman their faces are,
so too are their bodies, to some extent;
but they see in the dark like her from
whom they are whelped, they wear
long nails to seize their prey and have
beast-teeth to tear it, and of the flesh
and blood of living men—or dead, if
the live be not available—they make
their food and drink.

  “Not only at Tell Besta are they
found, for they are quick to multiply,
and their numbers have spread. In
the ruined tombs of all northern
Africa they make their lairs, awaiting
the coming of the unwary traveler.'
Mostly they are nocturnal, but they
have been known to spring on- the
lone voyager by day, as well. The
Arabs hate them as a man may hate
a serpent, but they fear them also,
and speak of them by indirection.
‘That people,’ they call them, nor
does one who has traveled in Arabia
need ask a second time what the term
connotes.

 “Very good. When our friend
Arif Pasha first showed fright, like a
CHILDREN OF UBASTI

759

restive horse in the presence of hid-
den danger, at sight of those we know
as Monsieur and Madame Bera, I was
astonished. Such things might be in
darker Africa, in Persia, perhaps in
Asiatic Turkey, I told me, but in
America—New Jersey—non!

  “However, Jules de Grandin has
the open mind, I made it a duty to
meet this so strange couple; I ob-
served their queer, cat-like eyes, I
noticed the odd, claw-like nails of
their hands, but most of all I watched
the white, gleaming teeth and the car-
mine lips of them, and listened to the
soft, purring intonation of their
words.

  “ ‘These folk are most queer,’ I
tell me. ‘They are not like others.’
“That very night we visited the
City Hospital and listened to our
little Trula tell her fearsome story.
What she had to say of those who
hired her and would have hunted her
to death convinced me of much I
should otherwise not have believed.

  “Came then Sergeant Costello’s re-
port of the four girls hired by this
Madame Afrique, whom now we know
to be Madame Bera—girls who did
not return to their former haunts,
though they had lost their service
places. Then comes the information
of the strange woman who rode with
the unfortunate young Calebson the
night he met death.

  “ ‘Jules de Grandin,’ I tell me,
‘your dear America are invaded. The
land which came so gallantly to the
aid of la belle France in her extrem-
ity has been entered by unclean mon-
sters, by night-seeing things which
slay her citizens and citizenesses and
batten on their flesh.’

  “ ‘Yes, it are undoubtlessly so,’ I
answer.

  “ ‘Very well, Jules de Grandin,’ I
ask me, ‘what are you to do about it?’
“ ‘Mordieu,’ I tell me, ‘I shall ex-
terminate the invaders. ’

  “ ‘Bravo, it are agreed.’

  “Now, all is prepared. Mademoi-
selle Trula, my little pretty one, my

little half orange, I need your help.
Will not you do this thing for me?”

  “I—I’m dreadfully frightened,”
the girl stammered, “but, I—I’ll do
it, sir.”

  “Bravely spoken, my pigeon. Do
not fear; your guardian angels are
with you. Jules de Grandin will also
be there.

  “Come, let us make ready. The
doorbell sounds; it are undoubtlessly
Friend Arif, perhaps another, also.
Let us proceed.”

5

Arif pasha was not alone. In strange
contrast to the slim, dark and
elegant Turkish cosmopolite, Detec-
tive Sergeant Jeremiah Costello
heaved his six feet four of red-lieaded,
blue-eyed Irish bulk into the drawing-
room, grinning rather sheepishly at
de Grandin. “Sure, ’tis meself don’t
know what it’s all about, Dr. de Gran-
din, sor,” he admitted as lie accepted
the chair the little Frenchman indi-
cated, “but when this here gentleman
stopped by headquarters an’ told me
ye were after wantin’ me to go find th’
murderer o’ th’ pore young Calebson
felly, I didn’t stop to ask no fool ques-
tions. ’ ’

  “That is well,” de Grandin replied.
“This night, unless I am more mis-
taken than I think, I shall show you
that which killed the poor young
man. ’ ’

  “What’s that, sor?” the detective
asked. “Wuz ye after sayin’ ‘-that’?
Ain’t it a person, then? Sure, ye’re
not goin ’ to tell me ’twuz an accident,
after all?”

  ‘ ‘ Let us not quibble over pronouns,
my old one, ’ ’ de Grandin replied with
a smile. “Wait until you have seen;
then say whether or not the thing
from hell be man, woman, beast or
fiend. Come, we waste time here. ’ ’

Led by de Grandin as ceremoniously
as though he were escorting her
to the dancing-floor, Trula Petersen
ascended the stairs to don the ragged
(Continued on page 855)
 AVTIIOR’S Foreword:—In pre-
LjL senting to the public for the
JL J$L first time the following ex-
tracts from the diary of Joseph
Worth, the present writer does not
venture any expression of opinion
upon that unusual document, or upon
its still more unusual sequel.

  If the diary is •accepted as genuine,
its implications, in the light of what
ensued, are almost incredible to Twen-
tieth Century minds. But, on the
other hand, if it is dismissed as a hoax,
or as the product of a deranged
imagination, the sequel must appear
760

in the light of an even more incredible
and inexplicable coincidence.

  The only known facts concerning
the case appear in the extract from
The Bodmin Chronicle, which is ap-
pended at the close of Worth’s own
narrative.

T)olgarth, APRIL 6, 1929:—What
strange spell binds me to this pre-
posterous place called Polgarth, which
is scarcely a dot on the hinterland of
Cornwall, I do not know, save that, the
six days which I have spent here have
wrought in me a sensation of content-
THE GALLOWS TREE

761

ment and tranquillity such as I have
not known in years of wandering over
the surface of the globe.

  There is no beauty in the spot; it is
almost repellently bleak; and yet, for
,the first time within my memory, the
wanderlust which has burned within
me appears to be at rest. Perhaps it
is the very bleakness of the region
which attracts me, for in all my odys-
sey, scenic splendor has never been
my quest.

  Perhaps, in truth, there has been no
quest in my ramblings; for I have
sought to find nothing; rather I have
sought to lose something—and that
something, myself.

  I have fled in dismay from the most
cosmopolitan centers of the new and
old worlds alike, yearning for seclu-
sion; and in the forests, the deserts,
the mountains of four continents I
have cried aloud for distraction and
companionship. Yet here, in this
lonely Cornish nook, which is neither
metropolis nor absolute wilderness, I
feel, unaccountably, as though I had
come home.

  There may be some atavistic expla-
nation of it, for I know that my fore-
fathers were English, three centuries
ago; and they may well have come from
Cornwall, since I remember a vague
tradition that our surname was once
Trewartha, which has surely a Cor-
nish savor; although for generations
it has been shortened to the form
Worth.

  And perhaps, if atavism enters into
it, that, too, may account for the fas-
cination which that tree holds for me;
for farther back in the mists of time,
not three, but eighteen, centuries
ago, who knows what homage my
tree-worshiping ancestors may have
offered before some such woodland
god?

  I had no thought of this in mind
when I first wandered into this cor-
ner of England; indeed, I can not say
what impulse or whim of chance led
my vagrant footsteps hither, unless it
was the craving for a new and strange

environment. And my present peace-
ful mood is probably but transient;
another week will find me racked once
more with the old agony of unrest
which has tortured my soul for more
years than I can remember.

  But at least, for the moment, I am
at peace here—in a tiny settlement,
which is scarcely a hamlet, and cer-
tainly far from a village; a ram-
shackle old inn where I am dwelling;
a dozen scattered cottages, and for the
rest, a region of rolling moorland, the
monotony of which is broken only by
an occasional straggling tree.

  For the most part, they are just
that—occasional straggling trees. But
there is one exception, to which I have
alluded, and which lingers within my
mind as though I had spent a life-
time beneath its boughs, as though my
very cradle had been suspended from
them.

  Heavens, what a tree is that gigan-
tic oak, which stands alone upon the
moor, it may be a mile and a half
from this spot! A monstrous, tower-
ing growth, gnarled with the age, not
of years, but of centuries, it must have
been old when Shakespeare was
young; it may have been in its prime
when John signed the Charter at
Runnymede.

  It stands alone, towering high above
the stunted landscape, like a Brob-
dmgnagian in Lilliput. It would be
striking, amid a myriad giants of its
kind, in the heart of Sherwood forest.
Here, it seems to dominate the entire
countryside, not merely by its physi-
cal magnitude, but by its majestic,
aloof, almost contemptuous detach-
ment, as it stands, as though brood-
ing over a past rooted centuries deep
in history.

  I first chanced upon it three nights
ago, when strolling in the faint light
of a moon which seemed as barren as
all else in this barren area; a light so
faint that even the spreading bulk of
the tree itself cast no shadow. The
moon is even fainter tonight; other-
762

WEIRD TALES

wise I might almost see the tree from
my window.

April 8:—It is unaccountable, the
atmosphere of isolation which sur-
rounds that tree. I strolled past it
again last night, and as I paused be-
neath the tangled canopy woven by its
branches, far overhead,, I seemed al-
most to step from the world of every-
day into another realm—a realm of
the unknown, at once perilous and al-
luring. I could almost have believed
that the ground whereon I stood was
hallowed—or unhallowed—to some
spirit of the past. In such an aura,
before such a tree, I could easily con-
jure up a vision of ancient Druidical
rites and unnamable sacrifices. What
tricks the human mind can play upon
itself, once given scope!

  Tonight, the moon is still pallid;
but it seems that I can faintly dis-
cern that gigantic bulk on the distant
moorland. Perhaps, if the light grows
stronger later, I shall see it more
clearly.

April 10:—I was not mistaken in
my earlier fancies; there is a defi-
nite, almost tangible fascination
about that tree. For the last forty-
eight hours I seem to have lain under
its spell, my thoughts permeated by
its overpowering presence. I seemed
to feel it beckoning to me; yet I de-
liberately refrained from revisiting it
until tonight, in order to taste to the
full the piquant sensation of antici-
pation.

  And tonight I sat for almost an
hour beneath its fantastically sprawl-
ing limbs. Strange, that an inani-
mate object should have power to cast
such a spell over one! Although a
tree, in a sense, is not inanimate; par-
ticularly such a tree. Indeed, con-
trasted with it, man himself seems a
puny creature; not alone in stature,
but in the light of the countless human
generations that such a titan of na-
ture has seen run out their brief span
of life.

  If the superstitions* of the dark ages
still survived today, one might well
conceive of such a living pillar, rooted
in the depths of the nether-world,
and extended upward, half-way to
heaven.

  A fantastic fancy, of course; why
my thoughts should flow along such
channels, I do not know; but tonight,
as I sat beneath that monstrous bole,
it almost seemed that its leaves, rus*
tling far overhead, whispered to me
of things beyond the ken of human
mind, the sight of human eye; of
thoughts and deeds weird, unnamable,
yet overpoweringly alluring.

  I am sure that from my window I
can distinguish the outline of the tree
—as dim as though it were a phantom
figure upon a phantom moor. I can
almost hear the whispering of its
leaves—but that, of course, is stark
imagination.

April 11:—I should not have be-
lieved it possible, a week ago,
that an obsession could so grip a hu-
man mind. My thoughts seem to twine
as instinctively around The Tree—
for it has become that to me—as does
the mistletoe around another of its
species.

  I dreamed of it, last night; or rath-
er, it formed the background of my
dream, just as it does for almost every
thought of my waking moments.
Strangely enough, I have seldom
known a dream of such intensity, and
yet already its details are fading from
my mind, and only the grim outline
remains.

  I found myself garbed in quaint,
fantastic garments, which must, I be-
lieve, have been those of the Restora-
tion or of the early Georgian period.
Mounted on horseback, with a pistol
in each hand, I was in hiding, it
seemed, in a thicket; and as I listened
for sounds of my pursuers, a welter
of foul and furious emotions raged
within my breast.

  Pursuit came; I fled, but was over-
taken, and tom from my moiuit by a
THE CALLOWS TREE

763

score of dream hands. And then The
Tree limned itself upon my conscious-
ness. I was being dragged toward it,
and such a pall of horror as in my
waking moments I can scarcely con-
ceive, fel 1 over me. I shudder even now,
in the sane light of day, at the vague
recollection of the dark and blasphe-
mous thoughts which coursed madly
through the channels of my brain and
seemed to sear my very soul.

  The Tree was drawing nearer, and
every second the shroud of black ter-
ror enveloped me more closely, and the
tempest of unholy frenzy set me quiv-
ering as from the palsy, in my un-
seen captors’ grasp. And then, sud-
denly, I awoke-

  A beam of moonlight fell athwart
my bed, and through the open win-
dow, in the remote distance I beheld
the shadowy silhouette of The Tree, its
branches stirring tortuously in the
night breeze—whispering, still whis-
pering, it seemed.

  Curious, what tricks the light of
day can play! As I sit writing this,
shortly before noon, I can not dis-
tinguish The Tree upon the moor. It
is probably because the sunlight daz-
zles my eyes. I have never yet be-
held The Tree by daylight. I shall,
this afternoon, to test whether its
spell is as potent as by night.

  A pril 12:—Merciful heavens, are
the days of witchcraft not yet ex-
tinct ?

  I am so shaken by my experience
of yesterday afternoon that I can
scarcely yet marshal my fevered
thoughts to place them upon paper.
Either I am the victim of a delusion
more incredible than ever conceived
in the pages of fiction, or some ac-
cursed black magic stalks the moors of
Cornwall in the Twentieth Century.

  Yesterday afternoon I set out from
the inn to survey The Tree by day-
light. It stood, I recalled, about a
mile and a half distant, at the first

crossroad one encountered to the east
—half an hour’s walk; but the road
so rambles and twists that The Tree is
unlikely to be visible until one is close
upon it; although, as I have said, it
can be seen in a direct, line from my
window on a cloudless night.

  I covered the distance leisurely,
grappling in my mind with the in-
credible spell which the thing appears
to have cast over me. And then, as
I reached the crossroads, a chill of in-
credulous amazement, almost of con-
sternation, gripped me.

  For The Tree was not there!

  The moor rolled east and west and
south, broken only by a few patches of
scrubby brush. The Tree had van-
ished as though obliterated by a giant
hand. It was not merely that it had
:been leveled by ax or saw, or up-
rooted by some cataclysm of nature;
the earth whereon it. had stood was as
smooth, and level, and unbroken, as
though for centuries; The Tree itself
had simply been wiped out of exist-
ence, if indeed it had ever existed.

  Then indeed, for a moment, my
brain reeled and tottered on the brink
of chaotic madness. Such a thing was
unthinkable—and yet, it was the
truth!

  As I stood, numbed with bewilder-
ment, a possible explanation suggested
itself. Could I have mistaken the
spot? But a moment’s reflection con-
vinced me of the futility of that
theory. I knew the spot all too well.
Four times before had I visited it, the
first by chance, the other three by de-
sign. Here, in the angle formed by
the roadway which I had followed,
and a transverse path across the moor,
The Tree had stood; and now the spot
was as smooth and level as the turf be-
neath a tennis roller.

  No, there could be no mistaking the
location, for there was not another
transverse path within a mile; and,
moreover, from this point I could dis-
cern in the distance the inn, and my
own window, through which I had
764

WEIRD TALES

more than onee gazed upon the
blurred outline of The Tree.

  As the incredible, inexplicable re-
alization seeped slowly through my
reluctant brain, I observed an aged
peasant approaching, and accosted
him—cautiously, for I was not pre-
pared to expose whet must seem my
madness to the world.

  “Can you tell me,” I asked, “what
has become of the great oak which
once grew here ? ’ ’

  He surveyed me with incurious, yet
non-understanding eyes.

  “There don’t belong to be no oak
tree, nor no other tree there, sir, nor
ever was, as I remember,” he an-
swered.

  “Surely I can not be mistaken,” I
pressed him. “I visited this place
®nce, in the past, and I seem to re-
call a large tree growing here.”

  ‘ * Not in the seventy years that I be-
long to live in these parts, sir,” he
insisted.

  With a word of apology, and a mut-
tered explanation that I must have
mistaken my direction, I left him, and
for hours paced the moor in a vain
attempt to fathom the riddle.

  Vain, indeed, for to one of two con-
clusions I must come: either I had
suffered a delusion when I saw The
Tree, or I suffered one now, when I
could not see it. But the peasant’s
assurance dispelled the latter possibil-
ity, and drove me inevitably to a re-
alization that for the last week I must
have labored under some incredible
hypnotic spell.

  I have looked from my window to-
night, half expecting to see once more
the nebulous blur of The Tree that is
not, and can never have been, a tree.
But the sky is overcast with an omi-
nous eloud-pall, and naught is visible
on the distant moor. And yet—merci-
ful heaven, am I indeed on the verge
of madness ? I seem even now to hear
the phantom rustling of those leaves
that can have no existence save in the
disorder of my brain.

\ pril 13:—Beyond all question,
there is some deviltry afoot upon
these accursed Cornish moors; some
intangible, fiendish force, which works
its malevolent purpose through that
Tree of hell, spawned up from the
very inferno itself.

 And yet, after what I passed
through last night, after that ordeal
which has left me racked, not alone
with physical pain, but with incredi-
ble and agonizing terror of mind and
soul, should I call it an intangible
force? I do not know; I only know
that at this moment I stand at the
border of a land of unseen, unthink-
able horrors, from which phantom
hands stretch forth to clutch me, and
drag me into their unhallowed depths.

  Tonight I shall sleep—if indeed I
sleep at all—behind bolted doors and
windows; though I doubt whether
such puny artifices can avail against
the forces of evil which have appar-
ently beset me. And tomorow I shall
flee from Cornwall forever. I have
had enough of wandering for one life-
time; henceforth, any spot which is
sufficiently far removed from this
fiend ’s pest-hole is a welcome home to
me.

  Even in this diary, which no other
eye than mine shall ever scan, I
scarcely dare to set down the thing
that befell me last night; for even
now it almost drives me to question
my own sanity. Have I, who ever
scoffed at the supernatural, fallen be-
neath the thrall of sorcery as black as
ever flourished in ancient Thebes 01*
in the darkest medieval era?

  Or will mental obsession, auto-hyp-
nosis and somnambulism explain away
my ordeal ? No—a thousand times no,
as I still feel that rasping knot of
death upon my throat, and behold the
gigantic shape of that hell-tree, rear-
ing itself from the very pit of perdi-
tion.

  I dreamed again last night—and
yet, I scarcely dare say what I
dreamed, and what, was soul-chilling
reality, so hectically are the two in-
THE GALLOWS TREE

765

tenvoven in a dread pattern of occult
horror.

  At least, however, my dream began
as did that of three nights ago. Again,
attired in the garb of bygone cen-
turies, armed and mounted. I fled
from I know not what pursuit. Again I
was overpowered by that horde of
dream figures, and again borne across
the moor, toward that appalling Tree,
whose sinister secret I had not fully
grasped before. Again my brain
seemed to quail beneath the storm of
inchoate fury that seethed within me,
as I struggled madly against the hor-
ror yet to come.

  Now I stood beneath The Tree, and
my welter of volcanic madness gave
way to a cold stark despair, and to a
hell-born hatred, as I felt my hands
being bound behind my back, and a
noose twining snake-like about my
neck.

  Another moment and the earth re-
ceded from beneath my feet. I dan-
gled in midair, and fought chokingly
for breath as that circlet of death
tightened ruthlessly upon my throat.
A haze of black oblivion reeled before
my staring eyes, and then-

  It must, I think, have been at that
point that my dream broke off, and
grim reality succeeded it. for of a sud-
den the noose had vanished from
about my throat, and in the reaction,
I lay in a sobbing, gasping frenzy.

  And then came the crowning hor-
ror of reality, to climax and eclipse
the horror of my dream. As the chill
night wind slowly fanned the fever
from my brow, I raised my head,
and-

  Merciful heavens!

  I lay, not in my bed in the inn, but
upon the very moor, at that very spot,
at the crossroads, and—what diaboli-
cal enchantment lay at the bottom of
it, I know not—beside me that ac-
cursed Tree of hell once more had
reared itself, and in the moonless murk
of night it seemed to spread until it
enveloped the earth with a miasma of
dreadful omen.

  At the realization of where I was
and what I saw, I screamed aloud,
and then I must have swooned; for
when I next opened my eyes, sun-
light was streaming over the moors,
and that appalling, towering shape had
vanished like a noxious mist of night.

  Somehow—I do not recall how—I
must have reeled or staggered, like a
sobbing, gibbering madman, home to
the inn; for I remember gaining the
shelter of my room, and then collaps-
ing once more, a quivering, soul-sliak-
en, human shell.

  Not all the gold of the Indies could
tempt me to spend another twenty-
four hours in this region of devildom.
Had I the strength, I should flee from
the spot ere nightfall, but in my shak-
en condition I can not start until
morning. But tonight I shall sleep
with doors and windows bolted, and
with a loaded revolver within reach
of my hand. And, more, I shall tie
myself to my bed.

  That may be a vain precaution; for,
gladly though I would believe it, I
know in my heart of hearts that it was
not mere somnambulism that led me
to the moor last night.

  Sometimes, in my calmer moments,
I have tried to reason that it was, and
that all I experienced until daybreak
wras a dream. But such self-deception
is futile. I am still uncertain of the
exact point at which my dream broke
off and grim reality took up the ordeal
of horror; but this I know, as a final
and inexorable proof—my throat still
throbs with agonizing pain, and it is
encircled by a livid weal—the imprint
of a noose.

  [Here ends the journal of Joseph
Worth.]

  (Extract from The Bodmin Chron-
icle, April 17)

MYSTERY OF THE MOOR

Tragic Death of Tourist
Remains Unsolved

   No evidence tending to clear up the mys-
tery was adduced at the inquest held last

(Continued on page 859)
Doom Sounded for the Bound Man in

THE TICKING OF
THE CLOCK

By A. & H. GREATRAIKES

IF JOHNSON’S mind had been at
all imaginative or attuned to
anything higher than brutal
common sense, he would not have sat
with his back to the open French
window that night,

  Johnson was a man with a good
conceit of himself. He prided him-
self especially on his domestic accom-
plishments. lie was a born cook and
manager, he told his friends, and his
hobby was to go down to a little
bungalow of his in the country and
“do” for himself, during the week-
ends. Usually he had friends with
him to whom he could show off his
culinary art. But, sometimes, he
liked to be alone.

  He was a self-made man, was John-
son. His business, that of running
up small flats and letting them to
artizans (rent strictly in advance),
brought him in a generous income,
and it was his nature to boast of his
smart modes of ejection if an un-
happy tenant was not ready with his
weekly payments.

  This Saturday night he happened
to be alone. His son, Tony, had said
he might possibly turn up, but had
not done so. Johnson had just fin-
ished a choice little meal, had cleared
the table and settled himself in front
of it, meaning to go into some ac-
counts before he went to bed. He was
feeling sleepy and particularly com-
fortable and too lazy to begin his
work at once. He lighted his pipe
766

and sat contentedly fingering a fat
pocketbook on the table before him.

  The twilight was coming on apace,
and Johnson was just making up his
mind to light a lamp when he heard
a slight noise behind him.

  ‘ * That you, Tony ? ” he asked, slow-
ly turning his head.

  The next moment he felt something
thick and dark thrown over his head
and face, while a sickening, deadly
essence permeated his every sense.
He struggled madly and tried to rise;
fell back and collapsed insensible
into the wooden armchair.

  When he regained consciousness,
he was gagged and bound—strapped
into his seat in a way it was impos-
sible to ease. Before him, facing the
full moon, the light from which
streamed in at the window, stood a
man.

 Who was he?

  Johnson thought he recognized the
face, half covered as it was by cap
and muffler. But when the other,
with an impatient movement, flung
aside these wrappings, he knew him
at once. It was young Merril, the
cinema musician, whom he had
ejected from one of his flats in his
own inimitable way.

 But how changed he was! The
open face was haggard now and
cynical. His deep-set eyes looked
derisive, his lips twitched and the
trembling hands were blenched.

 “Do you remember me, my
THE TICKING OF THE CLOCK

767

friend?” he began.. “You can not
answer, of course, but I see you do.
And do you remember the night you
turned us out, my sick wife and me—
out into the frost and snow without a
penny? You had forgotten it, per-
haps, but did you think I would for-
get? Perhaps you did. You have
done so many brutal deeds. But you
were mistaken this once, my friend—
mistaken—this—once! ’ ’

  The pupils of Johnson’s eyes had
expanded, as he tried with all his
strength to pull back from the face
of the speaker as it approached near-
er and nearer to his with the empha-
sis of the last words. For there was
mania written on the pallid counte-
nance and the lurid glare of the wild
eyes was shown up vividly by the
moonlight.

  “That night’s exposure killed my
wife, ’ ’ Merril went on hoarsely,
standing up again. “She, my only
friend, died as much by your hand
as if you had actually shot her. Her
delicate frame could not stand the
roughing we had to go through.
After three weeks of delirium, she
died. It is for that—for that—that
I have come to balance accounts.”

  Johnson’s heart pounded in his
chest. His eyes, the only means of
expression left him, pleaded with his
captor.

  “Oh, I like the fear in your eyes,
friend. They look so beseeching—
like a rabbit, caught in a ferreting
net. Yes, I could stand and watch
them for hours! For I remember,
you know, how my wife pleaded with
you. And what you said, too—every
word of it!—is branded on my very
soul. . . . But the time is short and I
must get about my business. I have
come to make a little entertainment
for you.”

  He turned toward the table.

  “See! I am moving your things.
Don’t be alarmed. I shall not touch
your money—your one god—but, if
I did, it would not matter. You will

have no need for it again, my friend.
For I have brought you a present—
something far more interesting than
money—quite a pretty little thing
and such a simple device. . . .

 “Look! I have made the table
clear and now I sweep aside the cloth
that I may arrange my little toy for
you to see. It is a clock, you notice.
Just a small American thing. With
the hour hand, I am connecting this
little piece of wire. You can. not
make it out? But you will when I
explain. This wooden box, to which
the wire is joined at the other end,
contains a little apparatus worked by
electricity, and this other wire,
emerging from the side of it, is con-
nected with that stop on the clock,
just under the twelve.

  “Now do you understand? Ah, I
see, by your eyes, that you guess!
When the short hand reaches the
twelve, the circuit will be connected
by the stop. The electric apparatus
will be set in motion. The box, my
friend, also contains a powerful ex-
plosive ! .... Yes, after 12 tonight,
you will need no more money, for I
have come to show you the same
mercy that you showed my wife.”

  The man in the chair gave such a
wild leap that it actually made a
faint sound on the floor. His limbs,
tied at every joint, were immovable.

  Merril chuckled—the gibbering
chuckle of a maniac.

  “I love to see you writhe, friend,”
he continued in a gloating tone, “I
love to think of the commotion in
that craven heart of yours. But look!
The waiting is the worst part, after
all, and it is 9 o’clock now. Already
9 o’clock, and you only have to wait
till midnight. What is a wait of
three hours to my three weeks of
agony? . . .

 “There! Now I have finished.
There is no need of a light that you
may see the time. The face of the
clock is luminous. ... It is the only
light you will have—that and the
768

"WEIRD TALES

moon—a mere glow-worm fire to show
you when the end is near. No one
will come. I have taken care of that.
So you will have these three last
hours to yourself. . . . Good-bye, my
dear friend, and in your last mo-
ments, think of my wife!”

  Johnson's eyes were blood-shot and
tense with fear: but, with a derisive
nod, the other man turned away. He
heard the click of the French window
as it was carefully shut. He heard
the crunch of feet on the gravel get-
ting fainter and fainter. Then—but
for the clock—utter silence.

  Tick-tick, tick-tick, tick-tick.

Ten o "clock. The hands seemed to
race over the dial as Johnson,
with straining eyes, watched them go
round. But there were still two
hours.. Surely someone would come
to release him before that accursed
clock reached midnight! There were
neighbors not half a mile away. If
he could only move one joint, he felt
he could loose himself. If he could
only call, surely someone would hear
him! Could he move the chair? He
tensed his body and tried. It would
not move this way or that. It had
been firmly tied to the table legs. An
inarticulate sob rose to his throat. He
could not utter it through the thick
mass that was in his mouth. . . .

  The shadows gathered darkly in
the corners of the room. They were
intensified by the moonlight, which

  lay in a silvery patch across the pa»-
quet floor. The tremulous nose of ai
mouse showed itself for an instant
under the edge of the fender.

   Tick-ficfc, tick-ficfc, tick-fa’cfc.

  A quarter to 11.

  The mouse, emboldened by the con-
tinued stillness, came forward
stealthily into the open, ran half-way
toward the chair; then, overcome by
its own temerity, turned and fled
under cover again.

  There was a faint tapping at the
window. The bound man’s heart
gave a sudden leap of hope.. It was
only the ivy leaves, stirred by a ris-
ing night-breeze, that fretted against
the window-pane.

   Tick-#j’cfc, tick-tick, tiek-facfc.

  Five minutes to 12.

  The form in the chair seemed*to
have shrunk into that of an old man.
The sweat poured from the grayed
forehead and fell in heavy drops on
the cheeks. The eyes bulged from
their sockets.

  The mouse, fearing nothing now,
boldly crossed from fender to chair,
running over the left boot of the
bound man as it made for the feast
of crumbs beneath the table.

  Tick-#ic&, tick-tick, tick-tick. . . .

  The glassy eyes of the dead man
gazed with fixed horror at the dial
before them.

  The clock stopped.

  But the silenee was still profound
—for the box on the table was empty.
“Beryl was borne away, struggling brave-
ly, by a half dozen gray men.”

BEHIND

the ll«cN

Elw%)n

BixtKu/

PROLOGUE

ON THE night, of Thursday,
August 11, 1938, those who
happened to be watching the
skies from the Middle West and the
East about midnight were startled by
a strange and awe-inspiring spec-
tacle; that, apparently, of a meteor
“falling” upward—from the earth!

  Many and weird were the conjec-
tures that appeared in some of the na-
tion’s newspapers the next morning.
However, it was the Cincinnati Com-
mercial Tribune which first supplied
the amazing details connected with
the affair. The article follows:
w. TV-2

SUICTDE PARTY HOPS OFF FOR MOON'

  DEFY ORDER OP WITHDRAWING PROMOTER

  Withdrawal, under adverse public opin-
ion, by the promoter of the Eartli-to-Moon
hop, and his subsequent order to dismantle
the strange device just completed for this
amazing attempt to span planetary space,
evidently precipitated a pre-schedule leap
off Mother Earth by the inventor of the
Rocket, Philip Carewe, and those associated
with him in a wild scheme of first-hand
lunar study and possible colonization.

  Attendants at Lunken Airport were
aroused last night by an automobile pulling
up near the giant Rocket. The latter had
been conveyed there for its hop-off. Pre-
paring to investigate, they were just in time
to see a gigantic column of flame leap from

                                 769
770

WEIRD TALES

the propulsion tubes of this monster ma-
chine as it shot skyward.

  So great was the impact of the fiery
column, that a crater fifty feet in diameter
and thirty feet deep was formed in the
moist soil, softened by the recent unseasonal
rains. The chassis of the automobile was
found in the crater, melted into a shapeless
mass.

  One attendant, Arthur Brockner, 1215
Easter Avenue, was able to describe the
spectacle vividly.

  ‘•'I had just reached the door of the main
hangar, a little ahead of the other boys,”
said Brockner, “when there was a blinding
splash of intense white flame on the field,
accompanied by a frightful, hissing roar.
Simultaneously, a column of fire shot up
and into the heavens, its head soaring on
and on into space.

  “At a height of what I would put at
some thirty miles, it bent in its course,
heading directly into the path of the moon.
All this happened in less than five minutes.

  “Fascinated, we continued to watch the
Rocket's bright trail until approaching dawn
made this invisible.”

  How many are in the Rocket is a ques-
tion. though four members of the group
pledged to go were missing from their
homes. Whether or not they still are alive
is another question. It is possible that one
or more of them were blotted out, oblit-
erated, by what may have been a premature
blast and which destroyed their car. Yet
the fact that not the slightest trace of them
was found in the crater would seem to indi-
cate that they had departed with the Rocket.

  The one member of the original suicide
party who did not go, Miss Ruth llasken, of
Milford, Ohio, reports that the others tele-
phoned her late last night and importuned
her to join them in their sudden, announced
intention of “starting for the moon at once.”
She declined.

  Further movements of the Rocket will be
watched through powerful telescopes the
world over, each night. As long as the sup-
ply of oxyliydrogen lasts in the large central
tank with which the Rocket is equipped for
its fiery propulsion through space, observ-
ers with the larger telescopes should be able
to follow its trail anywhere between here
and the moon, which is, roughly, some 240,-
000 miles distant now.

CHAPTER 1

  A pparently oblivious to the excite-
mcnt that possessed his compan-
ions was the young man of the fine,
gray eyes, who sat staring morosely
out across the dimly lighted lawn. A
light breeze ruffled his tousled blond

hair over an intelligent forehead.
About a mouth that plainly was de-
signed to express the even good humor
of its owner there now was a certain
grim disappointment.

  There were four round the table, in
the little garden which they were
wont to frequent since they had been
drawn together in preparation for one
of the weirdest adventures the mind
of man had yet conceived. Three
males and a girl of rather extraor-
dinary charm. The remains of a late
repast lay before them.

  The strains of a waltz, wafted to
them from a hidden orchestra, blend-
ed pleasantly with the soft timbre of
the girl’s voice as she read from the
evening’s Times-Star, though there
was indignation in her tones. A be-
coming flush of vexation colored her
rouge-free cheeks, and her large hazel
eyes sparkled with mysterious fires.

  -is gratifying to learn that Promoter

Hanley has at la.st withdrawn from this
criminally impractical venture. It had been
hinted by some that, in backing the mad,
24-year-old inventor of the Rocket, Hanley
was actuated by a vain desire to further
advertise himself and, incidentally of course,
the chewing gum known the world over by
his name; this at the sacrifice of the lives
of these irresponsible young daredevils who
would risk practically certain death for a
chance at the $500,000 that was to have
been theirs if they should succeed. The
money was, otherwise, to go to their ben-
eficiaries, and had already been placed in
escrow to this end.

  Hanley maintains, however, that his prize
offer had. its inception in a statement by
Professor William H. Peterson, of Jamaica,
who calculated that an ordinary airplane
traveling two hundred miles an hour would
reach the moon in about fifty days—assum-
ing, of course, that there were air through-
out tire intervening distance through which
the plane could travel.

  It is a fact that the moon is so much
nearer to the earth than any other heavenly
body, that the naked eye sees it more
plainly than the greatest astronomer sees
the nearest planet through his high-power
telescope. The inventor of the Rocket had
planned to leap through the vacuum which
an airplane could not travel, and to reduce
the airplane-time estimate to approximately
one seventh!

  The giant Rocket is to be dismantled and
scrapped at once.
BEHIND THE MOON

771

  “Well, ‘dare-devil’ partners, there'
goes a glorious chance to convince a
globeful of doubters and skeptics,”
the girl continued. “A great adven-
ture gone wrong!”

  The tall, almost too handsome male
seated beside her placed a strong,
tanned hand over her slim but cap-
able-looking one.

  “Never mind, Beryl. Old Mother
Earth doesn’t provide so bad a place,
after all. ’ ’

  But she deftly slipped her fingers
free from the grasp of her fiance, be-
stowing upon him an enigmatic smile,
and addressed him of the tousled
locks across the table.

  “Cheer up, Phil. Maybe we’d have
backed out on you anyway. I know
Ruth wasn’t any too sure of going;
while as for Don over there—her boy

friend-”

  “I’ll vouch for Don any time,” re-
plied Phil. “I believe in you all, for
that matter—though it’s true that
Ruth has been wavering. But the rest

of you-” An idea appeared to

seize him suddenly. “Look here. We
could best the scoffers yet. The Rocket
is completed, as you know—is even
fully stocked with provisions and spe-
cial togs; for, only on the eve, almost,
of our departure is our backer afflicted
by this safety-first germ bred by a
lot of calamity howlers. He’s spent
his money freely for the Rocket. Now
let’s give him a run for it anyway,
in spite of the pack. We can phone
Ruth, arrange to pick her up on the
way to the airport, and hop off before
anyone has a chance to stop us. What
do you say ? ’ ’

  His earnest gaze traveled apprais-
ingly from one to the other of them;
from Beryl Claverly, gracefully
rounded, petite and brown-haired, a
self-reliant, orphaned business girl of
twenty-two, whose ability as a stenog-
rapher she had hoped to employ to
advantage in taking down notes and
typing a record of their adventure—
if they lived to have any beyond the
proposed hop-off into space ;■ to Don-

ald Armstrong, the stocky, sandy-
haired, good-natured mechanician,
who, oddly enough,, had preached to
rural congregations before he had de-
cided that mechanical science held
greater mysteries for him; and finally
to John Sanderson, the stalwart bot-
anist, whose talents had been intended
for the study of whatever plant life
the earth’s satellite might hold. Would
they see it through, now that the deed
confronted them squarely—a leap into
eternity perhaps? The idea left even
Philip a little breathless, despite his
long planning and the steeling of him-
self to this unparalleled adventure.

  Beryl was the first to speak.

  “I’ll telephone Ruth,” she said,
getting up. “But whether she agrees
or not to go with us, you can count on
me. Yes, I know”—she smiled down
Philip’s protest about their expecting
a lone girl to accompany them—“one
poor little girl out there among the
cold stars and mere males, and all
that; but I’m going just the same.
I’m old enough to know my mind
and quite as able to take care of my-
self as any male, thank you. And
that’s that.”

 “And you can count on me,”
quietly put in Donald, his usually
smiling, round face more serious than
Beryl’s.

  “How about you, John?”

  “Oh—you can count on me, Phil,”
after a moment’s hesitation.

  Presently Beryl returned.

  “Ruth has reneged, as I half ex-
pected. She has absorbed that article
in the paper and decided that the idea
was all wrong in the first place. I’ve
a suspicion that she may even try to
have us stopped, so let’s hurry.
Leave-takings would merely compli-
cate things—especially for Don. Eh,
Don?”

  “Well—I think you’re right about
a sudden leave-taking being best,
Beryl,” said that individual after a
brief, thoughtful pause. “Come on,
gang.”
772

WEIRD TALES

CHAPTER 2

Ahead, the twin beams from the
I*-little sedan's headlamps swept the
vast landing-field as Philip swung the
car skilfully round and brought it to
a quick stop.

  A few yards away loomed one of
the strangest machines ever devised
by man, a machine in which these in-
trepid would-be pioneers of space ex-
pected to defy the laws of gravitation,
to reach and explore that great ex-
panse of lunar landscape which was
turned to earthly view in all phases of
its bleak glory once each month; and
behind that face, too, where no man’s
eye had yet seen, even from afar.

  Silently they got out and ap-
I>roached the colossal affair, which
represented more than a year’s con-
struction, and years of dreaming and
planning before that. One hundred
and forty-two feet high, and thirty
feet in diameter, it towered above
them with its eonic-al peak outlined
against the moon’s crescent as if eager
to soar away to its destination some-
where in the universe.

  “This way,” Philip whispered soft-
ly, striding toward a narrow ladder
of aluminum woi'k whose polished out-
lines shone in ghostly relief against
the black shadows.

  Quietly they mounted between the
five monster propulsion tubes, on
which the Rocket rested, to the man-
holes which opened through the
double floor into the lower chambers;
or, rather, into one of the three tri-
angular chambers that occupied the
lower section of the Rocket.

  Inside, Philip switched on the
lights Avhile Donald pulled up the lad-
der and screwed down the heavy,
glass-centered hermetic caps over in-
ner and outer manholes.

  “ ‘All ashore, those who are going
ashore,’ sang out Philip, simulating
a sang-froid he was far from feeling.
He glanced quickly about at the pale
faces of the others, more than half
expecting a general protest, even now,
that this was carrying a joke too far,

and a demand to be let out; such a
protest as would likely rout his own
wavering determination to see this
wild adventure through if he had to
go it alone. Beryl’s hazel eyes returned
his gaze calmly, if a bit widely. Don-
ald’s greenish ones watched him spec-
ulatively, a hint of humorous appre-
ciation in their depths. Only the
countenance of the tall, god-like John
Sanderson betrayed a hint of indeci-
sion.

  “Push off, Captain,” said the girl,
a slight tremolo in her voice.

  “The ‘ayes’ have it, Phil, old fel-
low,” remarked Donald. “Let’s go.”

  Philip saw John Sanderson take a
short step towaixl him as if to stop
him, then halt in apparent indecision.
He thought he heard a faint cry from
the outside world in that moment of
death-like silence inside the Rocket’s
sealed interior, and wondered whether
their attempted departure had al-
ready been discovered. Well, it was
too late for anyone to interfere now!

  “Hold fast, everybody,’’ he called
grimly, glancing around once more to
see that each one had gripped the
heavy rungs provided for the start,
each rung an integral part of a slid-
ing section of the wall and floor,
hydraulically balanced to absorb the
major part of the shock of starting.
Standing on the similarly balanced
platform by the controls, he gripped
the levers that directed the machine-
gun-like explosions of oxyhydrogen in
the propulsion tubes, which were
shaped like flaring cannon.

  There was a muffled roar—a ter-
rific lurch — intense pressure under-
foot—then a numbing reaction as the
hydraulic apparatus slipped back to-
ward normal. They were 011 their way
at last, soaring toward the roof of the
universe with increasing velocity as
Philip maneuvered the propulsion
controls with extreme caution. For
the danger of too great physical shock
was coupled with that of air friction
outside. He must guard against heat-
ing the Rocket to meteor-like incan-
BEHIND THE MOON

773

descence, which would result from too
rapid movement through the envelope
of atmosphere that blankets the earth
a hundred miles or more deep.

  With the aid of periscope, ther-
mometer and altimeter, he guided the
great projectile up from the earth’s
plane to the floor of the vacuum lined
by the air layers’ rarest outposts. Be-
hind him Donald busied himself
quietly, with pressure gages and ox-
ygen control for their air supply, also
checking their course as the pull of
the crystal-covered, moonlight-sen-
sitive selenium in the Rocket’s cone
began to make itself felt when the
erratic early rush of the machine set-
tled into a more constant and in-
creased speeding toward its objective.
Released from the danger and resist-
ance of air friction, the great projec-
tile was doubling and redoubling its
velocity as the drag of the earth’s
gravity decreased with the fast-grow-
ing distance intervening. From an
estimated initial velocity of a mere
one hundred and fifty miles an hour,
they already had attained ten times
that velocity; and the peak was, by
no means, yet reached. Maximum pro-
pulsion and dwindling gravitation
should, according to Philip’s careful
figuring, culminate in a velocity of ap-
proximately 2,500 miles an hour! Al-
lowing for cautious manipulation at
both ends of their route, and barring
accident, they might expect to reach
the moon easily in about a week.
There, if the rash venture had not
suffered disaster, our planet’s satel-
lite might yet know the “neighbor-
liness” of interplanetary commerce!
Provided, of course, that the moon
were inhabited by thinking creatures.

  Philip’s thoughts toyed with these
strange conjectures as he nursed the
Rocket to a course and speed of sta-
bility where he could relinquish the
controls for a time. Sanderson, as
well as Donald, had been drilled in the
intricacies of the Rocket’s control, so
that each might stand watch. IIow
difficult it seemed to grasp the fact

that they were already a small world
unto themselves, soaring between
stars!

  Presently Donald, who no longer
found it necessary to adjust gages
and such, came over to Philip.

  “Want me to relieve you, Phil?”

  He did. He turned away with a
sigh of relief from the terrific tension
of that first, momentous hop-off.

  Sanderson was staring moodily
through one of the window-like open-
ings through the Rocket’s double shell
—it was between these two shells that
the supplies of water and oxygen
were stored, while above them, in the
great central chamber, was stored that
all-important surplus of gas that must
drive them to the moon and back.
Beryl had retired into another of the
three compartments within the lower
part of the Rocket’s barrel.

  “Well, you’re a ‘sky pilot’ in more
ways than one now, Don,” Sanderson
remarked as the other took the con-
trols. “For a minister turned me-
chanic, you certainly do fly high.”

  “Not nearly so ‘high’ as we may
fly if we shunt into one of these stray
meteors en route,” was the prompt
come-back.

  Philip’s blood chilled suddenly.
Derelicts of the sky! That was some-
thing he had not counted upon.
Strange how one might plan for every
seeming emergency, and then over-
look entirely something like that.
Well, it was one of the chances they
must take, just as a great liner takes
that ten-thousand-to-one chance of
striking some uncharted obstruction
in midocean.

CHAPTER 3

Noon of “Saturday,” the space-
flyers’ second earthly day out,
found them with more than an eighth,
or some 30,000 miles, of their route
covered according to Philip’s observa-
tions of the moon’s swelling size. Al-
ready they were beyond any appre-
ciable pull of gravitation from the
earth, whose ever-so-faintly-illumi-
774

WEIRD TALES

nated face was barely visible behind
them, lit, as its visible hemisphere
was, solely by the reflection of the
moon’s fattening crescent.

  The continual driving power of the
explosions through the propulsion
tubes, ever accelerating their move-
ment, helped them to maintain their
own “weight” and equilibrium with-
in the Rocket’s chambers in spite of
the weakening pull of the planet they
were leaving so rapidly behind.

  But this happy normality was not
to continue indefinitely. It was Beryl
who first noticed something amiss.

  Until now, every mechanical detail
of the Rocket had functioned perfect-
ly. The big, high-pressure, central
chamber of oxyhydrogen gas showed
but slight depletion on the pressure
gage; the oxygen air-devitiating sup-
ply and air-purifying apparatus, the
water and the supply of condensed
foods, the electric heating and light-
ing energy—all were as should be, ap-
parently.

  Sanderson was at the controls for
the time, Philip checking over their
supplies. Donald was snatching some
needed rest. Beryl, who had insisted
upon doing a shift like the rest, was
prospecting about, having lately risen
from a refreshing sleep. At first she
had doubted that she could sleep at
all, with the roaring of the tubes in
her ears; but that din had been re-
duced to a dull muttering with their
passage beyond the atmosphere belt.

  It was a different note in this im-
portant muttering of explosions that,
she now noticed. She had just looked
into one of the peak periscopes to
study again the fascinating image of
the satellite toward which they were
now, supposedly, rushing at approx-
imately two thousand miles an hour!

  But the minor failed to show the
broadening crescent. No longer was
the Rocket headed toward the moon!

  Raising her head, she listened again
and more intently, with a slowly
gathering sense of alarm. Why were
they no longer pointed directly to-

ward the moon ? What connection
had this with that curious change in
the pulsation of the quintet of tubes
beneath the Rocket’s sealed floor? She
felt faintly dizzy, uncertain on her
feet, as one feels after turning round
several times in some childish game.
Sanderson and Philip appeared, how-
ever, not to have noticed anything
amiss, but this might be due to their
both being seated.

  “Phil—John!” she cried. “Some-
thing’s wrong with me—or with us.
Listen. ’ ’

  She saw Philip pale and rise un-
steadily to his feet. Sanderson peered
anxiously into the peak periscope be-
fore him, then quickly toward Philip.
There was panic in his eyes.

  “We’re—we’re off course, Phil,”
he said. “What makes us feel so-”

  “Number five is slowing down!”
shouted the inventor, staggering a
little as his trained ear now led him
toward the pipe-line that fed the fir-
ing-mechanism of the offending tube.
“We’re traveling in a circle—like a
pinwheel! ’ ’

  He reached the clock regulating
device on that tube, by which the
terrific gas explosions were regulated
independently as desired, and began
feverishly to inspect it.

  At that moment all sound of firing
in number five ceased!

  It might here be explained that the
reason for individual timing on each
tube was that this arrangement per-
mitted of changing the course of the
Rocket by accelerating the explosions
in one, two or three tubes on any side.
Normally, however, all five tubes were
timed alike, for a straight course. It
was the pull or attraction of the moon-
sensitive selenium exposed under the
glass covering of the Rocket’s conical
head that had maintained their course
almost automatically ever since Philip
had first maneuvered the giant ma-
chine into its original course by means
of the separate timing levers. The ces-
sation altogether of the firing in any
tube, however, meant that they would
BEHIND THE MOON

775

be thrown completely and violently
off their course.

  Simultaneously with the cessation
of firing in number five, one wall of
the chamber appeared to tower sud-
denly above them, at the same time
drawing them toward it with irresist-
ible force. Unprepared for this phe-
nomenon, Philip felt himself thrown
against that wall crashingly.

  For a moment he lay 'there dazed.
Then he became aware of a soft, waim
bundle pressed against him. It was
Beryl, as dazed as he, one arm twined
instinctively about his neck. A few
feet away Sanderson was wriggling to
a sitting posture against the pressing
wall, while in the doorway of the
men’s quarters opposite, Donald clung
desperately.

  ‘•Centrifugal force,” he yelled.
“We’re chasing our own tail round
and round.” He essayed a scared
smile. “What a treat for our astron-
omer friends at home with the tel-
escopes! Say, we’ve got to tie into
that clock affair somehow before we
get too woozy, or-”

  “Wait,” cried Philip, disengaging
himself somewhat reluctantly and as
gently as possible from Beryl’s clasp.
He helped her into a more secure
position. Then he began crawling la-
boriously toward the control by means
of various, mercifully handy valve-
handles and other mechanical projec-
tions within reach here and there on
the floor. Finally he managed to
clutch the railing round the nest of
controls. A moment later he had
jerked over the main lever, cutting off
the explosions in all five tubes.

  In the odd quiet that, followed, the
centrifugal force which had swung
the inmates of the Rocket against the
wall wTas suddenly and disconcerting-
ly lacking. With the propulsion of
the tubes lacking also, the weakened
pull of the earth’s gravitation many
thousands of miles away supplied but
little stability to the adventurers in
their movements. Their weights now
reduced to but a small fraction of nor-

mal, they found it extremely difficult
to walk about without bumping their
heads against the wall above them—
“wall” because the Rocket had been
on a swing parallel to the earth’s sur-
face at the moment Philip cut off the
tubes. The consequence was that the
Rocket was now traveling at a right
angle to its original course—at a
speed of probably a thousand miles an
hour! Whether the selenium could
overcome this force in time to check
their mad rush so far off course was
a question.

  But already Philip and Donald
were at work upon the offending
mechanism. For thirty-five precious
minutes they labored tediously while
Beryl and Sanderson looked on in
stunned silence. Everything—the suc-
cess of their adventure, their very
lives—depended upon the perfect mas-
tery of all five tubes’ propulsion. For
even if the selenium did eventually
right their course, and bring them to
the moon, without that perfect control
they would be powerless to break the
terrific force of the Rocket’s fall on
to the moon!

  At last the cover of the recalcitrant
mechanism was snapped into place
once more. Philip and Donald ex-
changed breathless glances as the
young inventor paused before trying
the tubes again.

  “Here’s luck,” said Philip as, with
nerves taut, he prepared to throw the
switch that should ignite the gas in
the chambers and set into motion
simultaneously the five powerful driv-
ing-deviees.

  Four hearts almost ceased beating
for one brief instant. Then-

  “They’re off!” yelled Donald as
the even roar of every tube smote
upon their eardrums.

  Never had a din sounded more wel-
come to human ears. Never had hu-
man beings heard sweeter music than
the steady, throbbing explosions in the
great, vacuous space behind and
around them. For one long minute
they waited anxiously for a possible
776

WEIRD TALES

return of the Rocket’s tail-chasing an-
tics—and, happily, in vain.

  With careful precision. Philip be-
gan to time the explosions on opposite
sides so as to swing the Rocket grad-
ually back to its course. Slowly the
slice of moon swung into full view in
the peak periscope. One great peril
had been met and conquered for the
time.

CHAPTER 4

Sunday saw the adventurers speed-
ing steadily across the sky toward
their objective without further mis-
hap. Beryl had spent several hours
in the typing of a detailed account
of their trip, to date, in duplicate. The
copy was to be dispatched back to-
ward earth by means of a smaller
rocket!

  This projectile was to be fired from
a gun that was built into the floor of
one of the three chambers, near the
middle of the Rocket ’s circumference.
Once this miniature Rocket was shot
at the earth, it was reasonable to be-
lieve that the combined force of its
discharge and subsequent self-propul-
sion, and the earth’s gravitation,
would result in the carrying of its
sealed chamber of news to the mil-
lions eagerly awaiting this story. As
for the possibilities of radio transmis-
sion, even had they been equipped to
send while racing through space, that
would have been out of the question,
for they had not been able to get more
than a murmur on their ultra-modem
receiving-set from the powerful radio-
casting stations on earth; and not
even that murmur could be got now.
This precluded the possibility of radio
communication between planets—at
least, with present-day equipment.

  “Suppose this ether-mail rocket we
send falls into some gathering of
people,” said Beryl. “What then?”

  “A mechanically conti’olled, metal-
parac-hute device is timed to open
gradually so as to retard and reduce
the fall of the aluminum rocket to
almost nothing as it passes through

the progressive strata of atmosphere
round the earth,” Philip explained.
“ The same action will also release and
expel the unburned reserve of gas, so
cutting off the power of the rocket’s
driving-mechanism. This final kin-
dling of the gas, together with a quan-
tity of smudge powder, will produce
a harmless flare with a heavy smoke
visible either night or day as a signal
and a warning.

  “The theory sounds fine, Profes-
sor,” observed Sanderson. “May I
apply now for position as postmaster-
general of the lunar-earth mails?”

  He turned his handsome profile
aside toward Beryl as if inviting her
applause, but she appeared to have
lost interest in the subject.

  “Apply to your heart’s content,”
put in Donald. “Try applying some
of your talent now to checking and
maintaining this space-ship’s course. ’ ’

  The sealing and firing of the mail
rocket was a ceremony to which they
all had looked forward as eagerly as
children with a new toy. It was im-
probable that another one could be
sent with a reasonable chance of its
arriving on earth, for they would soon
be so far away that the available
charge in so small a cylinder would
.scarcely carry it safely within the
earth’s pull before it had wandered
into space off to one side perhaps.
They did have, however, one reserve
rocket. The dispatching was set for
“mid-afternoon”—though out here in
space the sun blazed incessantly, un-
relentingly, out of a black, airless
void, all but overheating the walls of
the great metal projectile despite the
terrible sub-zero temperature without.
Their electric heating-apparatus had
therefore been taxed surprizingly
little, thus bearing out Philip’s theory
that the thin atmosphere of the moon
—if, indeed, there was any atmos-
phere on that body—was not unbear-
ably cold during the long lunar day
of approximately 350 hours.

  The slim, shining cylinder was at
last fitted into the torpedo-like cham-
BEHIND THE MOON

777

her of the firing-deviee, and the breech
closed securely. Would that explo-
sion prove too much for the little
“world” in which they were preca-
riously voyaging? Suppose calcula-
tions on the strength of this part of
the Rocket proved wrong. Might not
the touching-off of that fuse mean in-
stant obliteration for them all? Such
were the thoughts that ran through
Philip's mind as he hesitated before
pressing the button which woidd flash
the electric spark to the fuse.

  A sudden lurch, accompanied by a
sharp clap as of thunder—and a thin
shaft of flame streaked earthward.

  Eagerly they watched its trail
dwindle rapidly in the distance,
through the glass floor-well. The first
astronomical mail was on its way!

  “With reasonable luck, our mes-
sage should be picked up, radiocast,
and running under scai’e heads in the
leading newspapers the world over
within the next sixty hours,” said
Philip.

  “ ‘ Wuxtra! All about the saps in
the moon Rocket ’, ’ ’ howled Donald
in nasal mimicry of a newsboy.

  “My report,” observed Beryl, with
some pride, “will tell them all about
our loop-the-loop exhibition. I guess
Ruth will heave an extra sigh of re-
lief that she stayed Avhere she is. But
I think it’s just grand, really—loops
and all.”

  “Atta girl!” cried Philip. “I nom-
inate you as first-class cheer-leader
and morale-booster of this expedition
here and now. ’ ’

  ‘ ‘ Seconded, ’ ’ said Donald.

  “Carried, okeyed and duly record-
ed,’’appended Philip, missing a queer
look from Sanderson.

CHAPTER 5

npHE Man-in-the-Moon, looking from
-*■ out of the eastern half of his face,
seemed to smirk sardonically down on
one of the strangest spectacles within
his fifty-odd million years of exist-
ence. Close by, like a mote in his eye

—a mere thousand miles or so away—
hung an infinitesimal speck. As if to
taunt him, this curious object, which
had first appeared in his vision as a
comet with a short but dazzlingly bril-
liant tail, had twisted about and was
even now spitting flame directly into
his face!

  However, he continued to smile, for
it was hourly becoming more evident
that this intruder, whatever its na-
ture, was caught in its own folly,
since it was steadily falling toward
him, despite its plainly futile efforts
to turn about and flee. Soon he would
ensnare it in one of the many wrin-
kles or pits in his countenance and see
what manner of thing this was.

  But inside the Rocket there was
neither consternation nor confusion.
The controls functioning perfectly,
and the giant conical head now safely
diverted and held away from the
jagged face of the satellite, it was but
a matter of a few hours before those
inside might settle upon the queer ter-
rain glaringly outlined in the blazing
sunlight—provided, of course, all con-
tinued to go well.

  Cautiously, with the explosions
slowed to a minimum in the propul-
sion tubes, Philip allowed the Rocket
to drop closer to the lunar land-
scape—if such the forbidding array
of craters and the jagged ruts that
passed here and there for valleys
could be termed. They were now
closer to the moon, visually—by the
naked eye—than a twelve-inch tele-
scope brought it on earth, this instru-
ment reducing the total intervening
distance to approximately five hundred
miles; but the resultant magnifica-
tion of the atmospheric disturbances
distorted telescopic vision from earth
by a. good half, so that it was equiv-
alent to that of at least one thousand
miles distant. Yet, even at that visual
distance, sufficient detail was clear to
have enabled astronomers to map the
lunar surface more accurately than
the most remote regions of their own
globe.
778

WEIRD TALES

  “Has the moon higher mountains
than the earth, I wonder,’’ said Beryl.

  “Our Mount Everest, with 29,141
feet altitude, about equals the height
of the Liebnitz range over there by
the southern pole—as computed by
the length of the shadows they cast,”
said Philip, pointing through one of
the glass-enclosed window-wells.

  “That makes this range much high-
er, proportionately, than our own
highest peaks,” observed Donald,
“for the earth is several times larger
than the moon.”

  “Exactly. If terrestrial ranges
were similarly proportioned, we would
have there peaks ten to fifteen miles
high, ’ ’

  “ Do you suppose that if the moon
has inhabitants, they are correspond-
ingly taller than us?” Beryl queried
anxiously.

  “There is nothing to guide us in
such a conjecture.” said Philip.

  “Now, just suppose, Professor,”
put in Sanderson, emphasizing the
last word faintly and with an odd
glint in his eye, “just suppose our
Beryl, here, were suddenly to come
upon a moon-being of monstrous stat-
ure and evil intent, with several like
monsters at his heels. What would
you recommend—or do? Level the
trusty gat—what?”

  It had grown increasingly evident
during the last forty-eight hours or
so that the tall botanist was slightly
jealous of the attention Beryl gave
Philip in their ordinary association
and conversation.

  Philip’s reply was drowned by a
shout from Donald, who was staring
below excitedly through the floor-well.

  “We’re dropping into a valley of
fire!” he shouted. “Pull ’er up,
Phil!”

  Four pairs of eyes riveted them-
selves upon the terrain immediately
beneath them, which be<*an to slide off
to one side as Philip tilted the Rocket
by means of increased propulsion
through two of the tubes on one side.
Between jagged ridges which formed

a pass from one huge crater to
another, a wall of steam or whitish
smoke rose high above the surface in
ragged streamers, drifting slowly
eastward in a semi-opaque fog that
made piloting of the Rocket exceed-
ingly difficult. Already the tips of the
hungry white fingers were reaching
above the Rocket!

  For a few tense moments the Rocket
slipped through an enveloping haze
that hid the black, star-studded sky
above as effectively as it did the
bright terrain below. Then, abruptly,
they were out of it again, the stream-
ers behind them silhouetted against
the dark heavens—dark, still, almost
to the point of blackness, because of
the nearly complete absence of atmos-
phere at this height to catch and re-
flect the sun’s rays.

  The Rocket now was fast leaving
the mysterious valley behind, skim-
ming across the satellite’s surface
away from its sunrise side with in-
creasing speed. Philip thought he had
recognized the craters of Cyrillus and
Catharina back there, the misty pass
linking the two.

  “That didn’t look like a fire, after
all,” Donald remarked. “What did
you all think of it, gang ? ’ ’

  “A volcanic crevasse with steam
and gasses escaping,” guessed Beryl.
‘ ‘ What do you think it was, Phil ? ’ ’

  Again that odd look from Sander-
son ; but she was not conscious of it—
or else chose to ignore it.

  “I believe it’s the terrific heat of
the sun beating down through. the
rare atmosphere, melting and vapor-
izing the snow that collected in the
valley or canyon during the long
lunar night,” said Philip, voicing a
theory which they were later to dis-
cover to be a fact, “It looks as if
we’re going to have a tough time of it
at ‘noon’, should we land when those
peaks no longer throw a cooling shad-
ow. ’ ’

  The sun, however, lighted but a
half of the moon’s face at present, the
latter being at what we know as “half
BEHIND THE MOON

779

moon”, its western half being still
hidden from the adventurers in the
inky lunar night.

  “It is my guess,” Philip continued,
“that the moon gets just as hot at
midday as it gets cold at night—if
you get what I mean. If we find any
animal life at all, we’ll probably find
that it exists mainly in caverns. ’ ’

  Presently a new phenomenon was
observed, this time by Beryl.

  “What could those funny light
streaks be, radiating from that big
crater over there?”

  Comparing the crater she pointed
out with the maps he had before him,
Philip identified it as Copernicus.

  “Those streaks,” he smiled’, “have
caused that question to be asked
countless times. And no one yet has
been able to explain them satisfac-
torily. We’ll drop closer and have a
look, and settle this mystery if we
can. ’ ’

  Carefully, he let the Rocket down
till it was less than five miles above
the level of the lofty crater tops.
From this elevation it became evident
that the streaks were giant fissures in
the ground, probably rifts brought
about by terrific volcanic upheavals
of the past in the brittle lava surface.
A white deposit seemed to have been
blown out of these crevasses since,
covering the surface immediately
about them. The latter bore out a
theory advanced by Professor Peter-
son, that the streaks were deposits of
pumice or some similar deposit blown
out by surface vents.

  It was about an hour later that the
Rocket, its sidewise travel checked,
was slipping along close over the rim
opposite the sunrise side of a crater
at the edge of the daylit area. Philip
recognized it from the lunar chart as
Eratosthenes, close by the equator,
with several smaller craters about it.
This was the region named as the
“most alive” by certain astronomers,
where melting snows apparently
called into existence and watered veg-
etation of a sort, which showed in

progressive tones of gray-green with-
in the crater beds or floors. Hence it
was here that Philip hoped to land
the Rocket first.

  But the first-time landing of a 180-
ton machine propelled by high-explo-
sive force was to prove far from
simple. Though Philip had expected
to drop the Rocket within the cra-
ter’s rim, where the “live” tones in-
vited, this bull’s-eye slid off discon-
certingly to one side as he maneu-
vered the Rocket.

  The jagged rim with its black shad-
ows beyond seemed suddenly to rush
upward. A great tooth-like point shot
directly toward them.

  Frantically, Philip threw on still
more force in the tubes. But the next
instant the Rocket was plunged into
a curtain of velvet blackness, rent
only by the blinding incandescence of
their fiery tail spurting into the Sty-
gian depths beneath them.

CHAPTER 6

Just what followed registered but
vaguely in Philip’s mind. He re-
membered the abrupt blotting out of
the siui as he strove to counter their
sidewise fall. Then a terrific jar shook
the Rocket. A scream rang in his ears
even as all went blank.

  When next he knew consciousness,
he looked up to see Beryl’s anxious
face bent over his head, which rested
in her lap as she bathed his forehead
in chilled water. Over her shoulder
he encountered Donald’s troubled
gaze, and1, beyond, the enigmatic
watchfulness of John Sanderson.

  A sharp pain shot through his head
as he tried to raise it. It seemed sur-
prizingly light, despite the dizziness
that thwarted the attempt.

  “Easy, Phil,” cautioned Donald.
“You bounced your knob against a
control lever when we lit, and I don’t
mean ‘possibly’.”

  Philip suddenly noticed, with sink-
ing heart, the outer, curving side of
the cylindrical chamber overhead.
780

WEIRD TALES

  “Everything seems to be shipshape,
Phil,” supplied Beryl, achieving a
brave smile. “Nothing seriously dam-
aged; inside, at least, even if we did
do a flipflop and land on one side.
Donald’s modesty forbids his telling
you that his own presence of mind in
promptly stopping the firing in the
tubes at the moment we struck doubt-
less saved us all.”

  “At that, I’ll bet we plowed up a
half-mile of lunar landscape,” San-
derson appended. “Lucky we didn’t
bring up against one of those craters.”
“Lucky you didn’t break your
precious neck,” retorted Donald peev-
ishly. “Well, folks, wherever we may
be, we have arrived, anyway. Black
as a villain’s heart outside, though.
Can’t see a thing.”

 He moved awkwardly toward a
window-well.

  “Gosh,” he said. “I feel kind of
shaky myself.”

  But in this he had plenty of com-
pany.

  Philip managed to get to his feet,
notwithstanding a terrific throbbing
in his head.

  “Thanks a lot, Beryl,” he said
gratefully. “Now we’ll have to try to
find out something definite about our
situation, if we can. I wonder—say,
I feel like a feather. By George! that
reminds me—one should weigh but a
sixth of his earthly weight here. That
makes me weigh about thirty pounds!
Beryl, you don’t weigh much more
than a good-size family album.”
“Well, ‘small packages’ and ‘good
things’ are synonymous, you know,”
she reminded him, laughing.

  Intent inspection through the win-
dows proved the accuracy of Donald’s
statement; they couldn’t, indeed, dis-
tinguish any one thing, though it was
faintly evident that some sort of
blurred landscape lay without.

  “Turn off the lights, Don,” said
Philip, indicating the main switch
near the other’s hand.

  The Rocket’s interior was plunged
into darkness.

  Gradually, as their eyes adjusted
themselves to the lack of light, the
blurred objects outside took on indis-
tinct yet faintly discernible outlines.
It seemed at first that the Rocket had
come to rest on a floor of white sand.

  “Why, it’s snowing!” cried Beryl
abruptly. “And look at the size of
those flakes!”

  “Those are pancakes, not snow-
flakes,” observed Donald, peering out.
“Gosh, they’re as big as my hand.”

  The top of a single, huge boulder
close beside the Rocket was draped in
a mantle of clinging white, while
huge, feathery flakes settled with ex-
aggerated slowness like a slow-motion
picture. What a happy miracle,
thought Philip as he saw it, that the
Rocket had not crashed into that x'ock,
head on!

  “I’m going out to investigate,” he
said, making for the closet that con-
tained the portable oxygen tanks, the
warming suits, and glass-vizored res-
piration masks with which the Rocket
had been equipped to combat the an-
ticipated rarity of the moon’s atmos-
phere.

  “I’m with you,” spoke up Donald,
quickly.

 “Someone should guard the
Rocket,” said Philip. “How about
you this time, John? And, Beryl,
you’d better stay until we sample this
lunar atmosphere. ’ ’

  “Some people get all the fun,” she
pouted.

  “We’ll be back in a jiffy,” prom-
ised Philip, rashly.

  The inside manhole was removed,
then replaced and screwed tightly
behind them as they slipped into the
well through the now perpendicular
floor. There was a tense moment as
the two paused before lifting the outer
manhole from its seat. Would the
lunar atmosphere prove to be an utter
vacuum, causing the natural pressure
within their bodies to explode their
very flesh into puffed monstrosities?
Would the cold be so intense that the
heavy, electrically heated garments
BEHIND THE MOON

781

they wore would fail to protect them
even for an instant? These were the
doubts that besieged them.

  Both fears were quickly dispelled
as they lifted the manhole clear. No
gripping hand of vacuum seized them.
No paralyzing wave of cold seared
them as they leaned out and surveyed
the white landscape, though it was ap-
parent that the cold was severe.

  On account of the precarious tilt of
the Rocket 's base, they were obliged
to lower themselves, feet first, with
the aid' of a rope which they fastened
to a rung underneath, down the
smooth surface between the flaring
tubes which projected from the floor
like giant blunderbusses; a distance
of about a dozen feet to the snow-
covered ground. Owing to the pos-
sibility of a complete lack of atmos-
phere outside the Rocket, it had not
been practicable to drop the ladder
into position through the manholes.
For, with both openings uncovered at
one time, the precious supply of at-
mosphere within would have been
expelled into a vacuum in one quick
blast.

  As they dropped' into the white
fluff, it rose in a cloud, to settle back
slowly to a depth of about two feet.
Clearly, the slight weight of every-
thing on the moon was responsible for
this phenomenon. But it also indi-
cated the reassuring presence of a
fairly normal supply of air—or some
other gaseous substitute. Their own
clumsy movements, it struck Philip,
were something like those of divers
undersea, their progress at once
helped and hindered by their reduced
weight in the element round them.

  A quick survey of their immediate
surroundings showed further how
lucky had been jtheir escape. For
though the Rocket had left no percep-
tible path in the lightly settled flakes,
through which they pushed, knee-deep,
without effort, its position indicated
the direction it had plowed before
coming to rest — less than four feet
from the large boulder they had ob-

served from inside. The carpet of
snow, light as it was, had doubtless
figured in the miracle of their sliding
fall and stop without shattering the
brittle glass cone at the Rocket’s peak,
which Philip could see with his flash
was still intact!—an added and inex-
plicable miracle.

  Visibility was limited to less than a
dozen yards. Only a dull glow from
behind them indicated the lighted
window-wells through the heavy veil
of flakes. The moon was in that part
of its orbit where even if the earth
were at zenith in the lunar heavens,
instead of low upon the horizon, it
would not have been visible to reflect
“earthlight” on to the moon’s night
landscape; this because the side ot' the
earth toward them was its night side,
the sun being well beyond it. When,
however, the moon should be approx-
imately between the earth and the •
sun, the earth would appear as an im-
mense “moon” itself, lighting its
satellite’s night terrain with several
times the brilliance of earthly moon-
light as we know it.

  The cold, which at first they had
not felt so keenly in the excitement of
setting foot upon lunar soil, already
was making itself uncomfortably evi-
dent, though chiefly through their
masks. These were not heated like the
rest of their suits, though they were
heavily lined with fur. It was appar-
ent that they could accomplish little
under present conditions. Philip drew
close to Donald, to grasp his arm and'
communicate a suggestion to return to
the Rocket.

  But in that instant the other sud-
denly gripped his arm tightly, point-
ing with his other hand in evident ex-
citement off to where the light from
his flashlight faded into indistinguish-
able grayness.

  Philip directed the beam of his own
light toward the same spot. At first
he could see nothing that might have
aroused Donald’s excitement. Then,
his flesh tingling at the sight, he saw
a convex object like the top of a big
782

WEIRD TALES

ball, rising up out of the white fluff
about ten yards away!

  Slowly, eerily, this strange object
continued to rise, swelling in size as
the loosely packed flakes slid down its
sloping sides, until approximately a
fifth of a flattish sphere was revealed.
At this point the edge of the object
came into view. It was much like a
giant mushroom.

  As the edge raised farther, the
blackness underneath was penetrated
sufficiently by the glow of their flash-
lights for them to observe a stem-like
affair in the center, coming up out of
a great, round, black well, somewhat
smaller in diameter than the cap itself.

  For a half minute the pair stood
motionless with amazement. Then a
blinding white light suddenly envel-
oped them.

CHAPTER 7

“ry,HE sun!” cried Donald, jerking
off his headgear in wild abandon.

  For one long, tense second Philip
waited for the worst, half expecting
to see Donald’s features convulsed in
sudden gasping for air. But the other
only shivered and promptly replaced
the fur lining of the respiration mask
he had pulled off in his joy of seeing
the sunlight again. Philip glanced up
at the towering rim of the crater
against the sun’s glare—the crater
whose edge they had fortunately
missed when they fell just beyond into
its long black shadow which was now
slowly shortening in the light of lunar
dawn.

  Removing his own outer headgear,
Philip found the atmosphere not un-
pleasant, though rare like that, on our
own high peaks. The cold was not so
intense, after all. That blazing sun,
penetrating the thin, rare band of
lunar atmosphere, already was mak-
ing itself felt. Indeed, the set-
tling saucer-like flakes had all but
disappeared from the air already,
seemingly a product of moisture tem-
porarily stored in the air immediately

around them, rather than of any cloud
formation above.

  In their astonishment and exhil-
aration at the sun’s abrupt dawning,
Philip and Donald had momentarily
forgotten the curious object pushing
its way up out of the white blanket
on the ground. To their further
amazement and some uneasiness, they
now observed more of these caps ris-
ing into view all around them.

  At the same time a faint mist began
to fill the air, swirling between them
and the caps. The feathery snow
seemed to be dissolving into a lazy
white vapor in the sun—much like the
white streamers they had elsewhere
observed from above in the Rocket.

  The nearest of the caps had ceased
to rise—had come to rest some five
feet above the steaming snow’s sur-
face. It appeared to be formed of
metal or stone, or of some com-
position, perhaps, entirely unknown
to them. It measured about twenty-
five feet in diameter.

  But stranger still were the creatures
that peered out at them through the
mist, between the snow and the rims
of these huge mechanical mushrooms.
Squat and leaden-gray like their cu-
rious protective contrivances were
their heads, immediately conspicuous
for two very large round eyes guilt-
less of eyelids or lashes, and like noth-
ing so much as squashed spheres. A
repulsive, sucker-like aperture an-
swered for a mouth, while a sort of
gill protuberance did duty for a nose.
Of hair on their heads they had none,
save such as grows on the back of the
average man’s hand. The result, was
an unsightly bareness of skull that in-
creased their general repulsiveness,
for their skin was moist and slithery
—like freshly filled sausage skins in a
butcher’s window.

  Philip suppressed a shudder. These
were the lunarites, with whom they
must deal. Fear or unchecked loath-
ing would not help their mission. Then
the thought of the girl inside the
Rocket came to-him like a shock, and
BEHIND THE MOON

783

he shuddered again. If these offen-
sive creatures attempted to do her,
and them, violence—well, he would
sell his life as dearly as possible.

  The lunarites appeared hesitant to
come forth. They continued to stare
owlishly at these visitors from the
heavens, from under the protection of
their giant mushrooms. Curious, sibi-
lant, thin cries sounded as they ges-
ticulated and pointed with oddly
twisted arms and fingers, now at
Philip and Donald, now at the Rocket
beyond them.

  Soon, however, several generated
sufficient courage to clamber out from
under the more distant caps. These
were quickly followed by others. A
gray horde rapidly was gathering
now, on squat but slender legs that
were like saplings—was moving cau-
tiously, curiously closer.

  Other details about these disquiet-
ing creatures registered indelibly in
Philip’s mind as the gray circle
shrank about them; he could already
count more than twenty of the caps
near by through the rising mist which
already was stretching long white
streamers skyward in the dimming
sunlight like those they had encoun-
tered before while in flight. From
each of these caps now scrambled an
unending stream of lunarites. Slight-
ly less than four feet tall they were,
with oversized, oddly peaked ears—
so proportioned, probably, to aid their
owners in catching all available sound
in their world’s rare atmosphere. It
was this rareness of atmosphere that
doubtless accounted for the ghost-like
quality of the flakes and the white
blanket they had formed, which was
evaporating rather than melting.

  Philip observed too—first in amaze-
ment, then with dawning understand-
ing—that these beings were without
clothing other than a narrow sash af-
fair about their flat hips! Apparently
they were fairly immune to cold;
though the rim of the slowly rising
sun had already moderated the tem-
perature enough to make, his heavy

garb uncomfortable, even with the
electric pads in it turned off. It was
evident that his supposition that the
lunar day when cleared' of mists near
noon—or even when well advanced
in the 350-hour day—reached wither-
ing temperatures, was correct, at least
so far as concerned this region.

  4	‘ Hadn’t we better give these babies
something to think about ? ’ ’ suggested
Donald. “A flash of gunpowder up in
the air or something?”

  He tapped the automatic at his belt.
“Just stand firm,” said Philip. “It
won’t do to let them get the idea that
we are afraid of them, nor do we want
to frighten them. Somehow we must
contrive to win their confidence—if
we can.”

  He advanced a pace in front of
Donald and threw up one hand in a
gesture of greeting to the little gray
men. Immediately those in front fell
back, crowding the others in mild
panic. Evidently they regarded these
strange beings from out of space with
awe. A little flurry of excited twit-
tering and squeaking was heard again.

  Pointing in the general direction of
the earth, Philip made a sweeping
gesture back to the moon, next point-
ing significantly toward the Rocket
looming in the vapor behind him.
How he wished it were standing up in
position to take flight again at will in
an emergency! A fresh gibbering
here broke out among the nearer
ranks, and numbei's of these lunarites
patted the tops of their hairless heads
—probably a sign of understanding.

  “Now what?” inquired Donald,
disconcert ingly.

  “How do I know?” retorted Phil-
ip, unfastening his suit about the top.

  “Gosh, this lunar sunshine is a fast
worker,” Donald muttered, doing the
same.

Philip was just wondering what he
might offer the lunarites as a good-
will gift — if he could single out a
leader — when, as if in answer to a
wish, a lunarite who was a good head
784

WEIRD TALES

taller than his fellows appeared from
among them. He approached Philip
and Donald slowly. A trifle less gro-
tesque than the others, with less flat-
tened head, there was a suggestion
of intelligence about him. even in those
nearly expressionless, unlidded eyes. A
shorter lunarite beside him bore on
outstretched hands a flat metallic slab
with what appeared to be some sort
of food heaped on it in an olivc-liued
mound.

  It was then that Philip noticed
three peculiar, twining fingers on
those hands—like thickened fingers of
a vine, with which it clutches and
clings to things!

  “If it's something to eat he’s got
there. I hope it’s not as slippery as he
looks, ’ ’ whispered Donald, inelegantly.

  Presently the creatures halted be-
fore Philip, the leader evidently se-
lecting him, also, as a leader by rea-
son of his being taller than Donald,
and gravely handed Philip the slab.
Then, after making signs unmistak-
ably identifying the substance there-
on as food, he stepped back a pace and
waited. Obviously, he expected them
to begin eating then and there.

  “If we refuse to at least nibble on
this, they’ll probably get sore and blot
us out,” mourned Donald.

  But Philip merely smiled at the
leader and pointed up again, then
shook his head in what he hoped might
be understood in the negative. He
could not bring himself to eat that
curious gelatinous substance; nor did
he feel that he or Donald need risk it.
The impression he tried to convey for
the time being wras that they did not
eat at all, or at least did not require
any food then.

  His signs at last understood, appar-
ently, there followed a conference of
bewildered astonishment between the
nearest lunarites and their leader.
They conversed among themselves in
their strange tongue, which sounded
not xuilike the hissing undertone of a
large congregation intoning a prayer.

They waved their scrawny, warped

arms about excitedly.

  Presently they seemed to reach an
agreement. The others fell back from
around the leader, who once more ap-
proached Philip, this time without the
food offering. Halting a few feet
away, he went through a series of ges-
tures that plainly indicated the de-
sire of himself and fellows that their
visitors from the heavens accompany
them back into the curious pot-1 ike
affairs sheltered by those raised caps.
With insinuating creasings of coun-
tenance, which probably did duty for
a smile, the leader was inviting them
to descend to the lunarites’ regular
habitat, possibly an underground
metropolis.

  The idea was not without appeal,
for the adventurers had come to study
this strange globe, and might even
have to depend upon these creatures
and their good-will to exist in the end.
Yet Philip hesitated to leave Beryl be-
hind. Would she be safer inside the
Rocket until he and Donald could re-
turn? Or would she be better off with
them? And should he ask Donald, or
Sanderson, to remain on guard in the
Rocket—which? Truly, it had been a
mad and terrible mistake to bring
Beryl along on this ill-fated trip.

  But these considerations were rude-
ly pushed aside by the events that fol-
lowed swiftly, removing all need for
a decision then.

  Even as he pondered, Beryl and
Sanderson slid down the rope from
the Rocket, without respiration masks,
evidently having observed, from in-
side, his and Donald’s removal of this
apparatus. A rift in the haze showed
them wading through the light, melt-
ing snow. Beryl’s cheeks were glow-
ing with excitement.

  The effect of her appearance upon
the gaping lunarites was galvanic,
startling.

  There wras an immediate wave of
sibilant utterances as they surged for-
ward round their leader, everyone
BEHIND THE MOON

785

clamoring for his attention and point-
ing toward Beryl. Observing their un-
wonted attention to her, the girl
halted uncertainly, and made as if to
run back to the Rocket. Then she
changed her mind and ran over to
Philip, followed by Sanderson.

  “What is it? — oh, why are they
acting so — so queerly?” she cried,
trembling within the circle of a pro-
tecting arm he had instinctively
thrown about her.

  1: God knows, ’ ’ he said hoarsely.
But he had an idea that her feminine
charms were responsible for the
strange behavior of these creatures.
“You shouldn’t have come out here
yet, Beryl. Come, we’d best be mov-
ing back toward the Rocket. Don—
John—let’s get under cover before
this buzzing swarm makes up its mind
to stop us—before it’s too late. Some-
thing’s gone wrong.”

  They had not covered more than a
dozen feet before the swelling gray
pack was after them. Too late Phil-
ip realized that their retreat had pre-
cipitated the very thing he had hoped
to avert, had galvanized them into
sudden pursuit. With an unexpected
agility, the lunarites leaped after and
upon the quartet from all sides.

  For a seemingly interminable space,
Philip fought off a horde of softish
gray little men as they charged upon
him in waves. Time and time again
his fist connected squarely with the
slithery heads of his assailants. They
would give, much like mush-filled rub-
ber bags, while, with a weird whis-
tling gasp, that lunarite would slip to
the ground—only to have two imme-
diately take his place. And beyond
the seething gray cordon Philip could
see others pouring up from the depths.

  Back to back now, he and Donald
fought on, a valiant but losing battle.
For, despite their superior strength
as compared to that of the lunarites,
it was plainly but a question of time
before the gray horde would have
worn them out, overwhelmed them.

Already Sanderson, Philip saw from
a corner of his eye, was buried under
a flailing pile of lunarites. And Beryl,
he suddenly saw, with a wave of
wretchedly impotent fury, being
borne away, struggling bravely, by a
half-dozen gray men toward one of
the underground apertures.

  All but overpowered by the entwin-
ing fingers and arms, he tore himself
loose once more, with a hitherto un-
tapped reserve of strength bom of
desperation and berserk rage. Loth
at first to use his automatic, for fear
of irretrievably antagonizing these
beings, he now managed to reach and
draw it. He gave a yell of hate and
poured a leaden stream into the surg-
ing bodies.

  For a few seconds the lunarites fell
back. Several of their number writhed,
hissing, in the snow among the others
who had previously been beaten down
to death or insensibility. Donald, fol-
lowing Philip’s lead, had emptied his
gun into the horde.

  Beryl had disappeared.

  Their respite, however, was brief.
With renewed fury, the lunarites were
upon them again. An earthy odor of
underground places was in Philip’s
nostrils as he was borne down under
the weight of countless twining, musty
bodies. He was conscious of a cooling
froth of snow as his face was ground
into the hard soil underneath; then
sudden oblivion.

CHAPTER 8

A peculiar tingling sensation at-
tended Philip’s return to con-
sciousness—like hundreds of needle-
points pressing against his skin all
over. Lacking the power to open his
eyes for the time, he groped blindly
in the space before him. Then, abrupt-
ly, his numbed brain wrenched loose
from its mysterious fetters.

  At first, as his eyelids fluttered
open, it seemed to him that he was
floating, unsupported, in space. A
786

WEIRD TALES

strange gray - green luminousness
glowed directly over him, like a low-
hanging, iridescent cloud. Then lie
perceived that this was not cloud-like
at all, but, instead, a phosphorescent
ledge of some sort about four feet
above him. Almost he could reach up
and touch it. But he dared not, for
fear of some fatal force that might be
connected with it. A musty stench
pervaded the air he breathed.

  He began to investigate cautiously,
feeling about him. His fingers came
into contact underneath with a moist,
flat surface, not unlike wet sand.
Twisting his head about clumsily, for
he was still numb and stiff, he saw
that he was lying in a long, narrow
chamber' whose length on one side—
the side on which he lay—was paral-
leled by the glowing strip overhead.
At the other side a black chasm
yawned above and below.

  It rather surprized him to find him-
self unbound, but he was willing to
accept this favor of fate without ques-
tion for the present. His head
throbbed painfully. He raised him-
self on his elbows with an effort. It
was then he discovered that the
“chasms” above and below along the
other side of the narrow chamber were
not chasms at all, but merely had ap-
peared that way beyond the glow im-
mediately above him. lie saw now,
too, that there was a low, dark roof
over the whole, just above the irides-
cent ledge; while, in the shadows,
about a yard below the shelf 011 which
he lay, there was a floor.

  As he glanced back under the long,
glowing roof, it seemed to him that
curious protuberances of various sizes
showed above the shelf’s surface—not
unlike dark toadstools pushing up

  rough the substance that comprised
it, except, that here and there in the
dim distance the sizes and shapes
were larger and confused. Something
pernicious and dread seemed to per-
vade the very air about him—he knew

not what; something beyond the lim-
its of his earthly imagination.

  Ignoring the aching throughout his
body, doubtless due to the mauling
he had received at the hands of the
lunarites in his terrific battle with
them, he lowered himself slowly over
the edge until his feet touched the
floor.

  As he stood up stiffly, a familiar
figure groped toward him out of the
gloom, startling him sharply, for his
nerves were on razor edge.

  “Donald!” he exclaimed, grasping
his friend by the shoulders. “Thank
God you’re safe. But Beryl—what
have they done with her! And San-
derson ? ’ ’

  “That’s what I want to know as
badly as you. I was knocked out com-
pletely right after you went down.
They must have taken us for a couple
of mushrooms—‘planting’ us in this
crazy joint. So help me, it looks like
a blamed toadstool cavern. Did you
notice how that queer light up there
seemed to prick your skin? Bet that’s
some invention of these confounded
lunarites that makes things grow
double quick. Maybe they laid us
out under it to give its strange power
a chance to revive us. Must take us
for a couple of eggplants.”

  ‘ ‘ The thing that concerns me right
now is finding our way out of this
place and reaching Beryl and Sander-
son before it’s too late. Let’s try this
way first.”

  And he led the way down the slen-
der chamber toward its unseen end,
or toward what he felt must be an end
of it.

' 1 'hey had proceeded no more than a
dozen yards when a shadowy form
suddenly loomed before them. While
Philip was still debating whether or
not to leap upon and throttle this
form first and investigate afterward,
the creature hissed a single syllable
that obviously was a command to halt.
Philip hesitated; They might sub-
BEHIND THE MOON

787

due this creature quietly and return
the way they had eome, in hope of
finding that direction unguarded. Then
he reflected that that way was no doubt
guarded as well, if it led outside.
Might as well go along with this lu-
narite and try to find out from his
fellows what had been done with
Beryl and Sanderson.

  Then another lunarite appeared as
noiselessly as the first and took up a
position in back of them. In this
order they followed the other through
a side opening that had escaped their
notice.

  Presently they emerged into what
Philip, at first glance, took to be out-
doors. Upon closer observation, how-
ever, he perceived that they stood in
another cavern, but one so vast, so
amazing in its proportions, that the
walls were all but invisible in the
faintly luminous atmosphere that en-
veloped them. Like the blue tint of
earthly skies, this luminosity was not
perceptible immediately around them,
but it could be seen plainly when
looking through distant volumes of
it—a greenish tint about the same
depth as our own blue sky. While it
did not have the brilliance of the ledge
in the long chamber they had left be-
hind, it was of sufficient intensity to
light the surroundings clearly.

  Still following their guide, with the
second lunarite watchfully bringing
up the rear, they passed for some time
through curious gray throngs of lu-
narites along a thoroughfare formed
by squat, hexagonal, tent-like abodes.

  ‘‘These bimbos must not have any
kids at all,” remarked Donald. “I
haven’t seen anything but the one
size—except that taller one that made
the powwow with us when we first
landed among these misbegotten crea-
tures.”

  “I was wondering about the same
thing,” said Philip thoughtfully.
“Heilo—‘talk about the devil-’ ”

  Before a larger and different-hued
tent, within a semicircle of attendants,

some of whose heights approached
but did not quite reach him, stood the
lunarite whom our adventurers had
originally seen by the Rocket at the
head of that threatening gray crowd.
At any rate, he appeared to be the
same one, for Philip recognized the
colors and the style of his apparel.
Color seemed to be at a painful pre-
mium in this drab world, for there
was no break in the monotonous gray
in everything about all the others, in-
cluding their tents, with the excep-
tion of several of the attendants
closest to this personage—probably
dignitaries of a sort, or possibly his
kin, if, indeed, these queer people
knew such a relationship.

  Philip and Donald were directed to
enter the large abode, through a door
covered with a flap made of the same
coarsely woven fiber that Philip had
observed was the texture of the walls
of all the tent-like houses along their
way here.

  They were preceded inside by the
leader and his attendants, the latter
squatting on the floor at the sides and
rear of their chief. Chairs, the lunar-
ites seemed to know nothing about.
Indeed, the adventurers were to learn
that one of the secrets of these crea-
tures’ maintaining an existence on
this all-but-dead world was their will-
ingness to dispense with anything and
everything that was not absolutely es-
sential to life. Of luxuries they knew
none, nor many of the things we con-
sider essential in our own somewhat
pampered existence.

  Like the rest, the leader squatted
upon the hard, dry ground, indicating
by gestures that Philip and Donald
should do likewise.

  At a sign from the leader, an at-
tendant approached them and began
to sketch, with what looked like a
stout twig, upon the smooth surface
of the ground before them. Philip
followed, with fascinating gaze, the
motions of those gray, twisted fingers
which were so much like gnarled vines
788

WEIRD TALES

wrapped round the smaller, straighter
twig they held.

  Displaying surprizing skill as an
artist, the lunarite rapidly drew a
recognizable likeness of a woman,
which, from her familiar, earthly
garb, Philip instantly knew repre-
sented Beryl.

  The sketch of a man followed, the
lunarite pointing from it to Philip.
Another was drawn to represent Don-
ald. Still another followed. This, by
gestures and sundry hissings, in addi-
tion to its added height, they recog-
nized as the absent Sanderson.

  Apparently satisfied that their vis-
itors had followed these “writings”
thus far, the lunarites proceeded with
what was clearly a recounting of the
individual adventures of the quartet,
following their capture. Beryl, it
seemed, had been brought to this very
abode—was a prisoner in the adjoin-
ing room!

  Sanderson, it seemed, had been se-
lected as leader of the invaders, by
reason of his tallness. The latter char-
acteristic, the adventurers were to
learn, was the one conclusive distinc-
tion by which the lunarites recog-
nized their own leaders and these
leaders’ autocratic rule. Hence their
automatic selection of Sanderson, who
stood six feet one and a half inches
without his shoes—two and one half
inches taller than Philip, whose near
six feet topped the stocky Donald by
a similar margin. Donald himself
topped the lunarites’ leader by nearly
a foot.

  By reason of the lunarites’ selec-
tion of Sanderson, it appeared that
the latter was to be accorded consid-
eration due a visiting dignitary, de-
spite the fracas attending their recep-
tion. lie was even now being attend-
ed as befitted a leader—so sketched
the busy, resourceful artist.

  “Well, wouldn’t that make your
grandma’s chilblains ache?” mut-
tered Donald.

  “More power to Sanderson, if it
proves a means of his protecting
Beryl from these fiends, Don.”

  “I guess you are right at that,
Phil,” agreed the other, doubtfully,
but concentrating once more on their
artist-interpreter’s picture-story.

  However, it appeared that the story
was at an end. Informing them that
he was to be their instructor in the
lunar tongue, the artist turned and
addressed his leader, evidently telling
him that his task of the moment was
completed. The leader turned and
gave an order to two of his attendants.
These got up quickly, one disappear-
ing into the other room, the other
passing outside.

  Almost at once the first attendant
reappeared. With him was a girl.

   ‘ ‘ Beryl! ’ ’ cried Philip, striding to-
ward her.

  But his path was barred at once
by several attendants.

  “Oh, Phil!” she cried, dropping
her hands back at her sides resignedly
as she looked at him with beseeching
eyes.

  At a gesture from the leader, she
sat down on the ground beside the
latter. It was at this juncture that
Sanderson, accompaied by the other
attendant, entered.

  Throwing a glance toward Philip
and Donald without attempting to
speak to them, Sanderson stalked over
to where Beryl and the leader sat.
Bowing uncertainly before the latter,
he smiled down on her. Neither spoke,
however, for the interpreter had come
forward again at a sign from his mas-
ter, and now prepared to “talk” with
Sanderson by means of his sketches.

  A few minutes of this, and Sander-
son turned to Philip.

  “Phil,” he said, “they want me to
say to you that to me, as chief of this
expedition, they are assigning this
house, with you and' Don as my fel-
low boarders. Guess there’s no use
arguing the leadership point with
them for the present. Beryl is to
BEHIND THE MOON

789

share the place with us. She will have
the inner room.”

  ‘‘It’s 0. K. with me,” said Philip.
“Sounds too easy to be true. But
we’ll have to be on our guard for their
next move.”

  The lunarites’ “next move,” how-
ever, was not to come at once. As
Philip suspected, there was a definite
reason behind this temporary change
in treatment by them, and their own
apparent freedom. What that reason
was, and its ultimate climax, was yet
to be revealed, and that in startling
fashion.

CHAPTER 9

During the days that followed—or
what the adventurers counted as
days by their watches and a system
of notches cut in a pole inside their
abode—their instruction in the lunar
tongue continued. Between these
group lessons, they walked about the
subterranean domains of the lunarites
at will, though never without a spe-
cial escort supplied by the leader,
who, they learned, was known as Sari.

  That Beryl’s appearance among the
lunar populace elicited nothing more
than a craning of scrawny necks now,
and stealthy, sidelong glances, indi-
cated that the gray men were held in
leash through a fear engendered by
strict orders from their leader that
she be unmolested in any way.

  The adventurers had learned to eat
the gray ones’ food after all. This
was by reason of necessity, since they
no longer had access to their own food
supply in the Rocket, permission to
return to it being politely but firmly
denied them. The meager emergency
supply they had carried in condensed
form in their pockets soon had been
depleted. The lunar menu, while mo-
notonous and uninviting in appear-
ance, proved to be not so bad after
all. It consisted of various root-like
growths on the order of our own
rutabagas, yams and such, all grown

in these subterranean regions. The

disconcerting characteristic of all
these was their almost uniformly gray
color, their sole range in tint being
from a light grayish green to a deep
purplish gray. For a beverage, they
had their choice of a sulfurous water
or a heady wine prepared from one
of the various root foods. They stuck
to the water, evil-tasting though it
was. They grew accustomed to it in
time, even to the hard fiber pads that
did duty for beds on the unresisting
ground.

  Meantime, they were finding out
much of interest about their captors
and their means of living. They
learned, for instance, that, except for
a comparatively short time following
the rising of the sun, and a corre-
spondingly brief time immediately
prior to its setting, the lunarites must
shun the outside of their globe, be-
cause of the extreme cold that pre-
vailed during the long night, but es-
pecially because of the extreme heat
during all but the very beginning and
ending of their equally long day; in
this latitude and region at any rate.

  As for the “vegetation” .suggested
by the progressive shades within the
crater Eratosthenes and other crater
beds, as observed from the earth, it was
learned that this growth was but that
of rank, weedy things—like the scrub
of our own deserts. The melting
snows and the periodical vapors did,
indeed, feed these growths, but the
lunarites derived no nourishment
from them. They did manage, how-
ever, under severe hardship, to gather
hurriedly, immediately after sunris#
and just before sunset, some of the
weedy growth for weaving the coarse
fabric that comprised the walls of
their abodes. And, with greater care
and skill, they produced a refinement
of this fabric in somewhat softer
weaves for their meager, drab gar-
ments.

  Thus Sanderson’s botanical talents
had little chance for exercise—even
790

WEIRD TALES

had his activities of intrigue offered
that opportunity or inclination.

  As a result of the extremes of heat
and cold, the lunarites had been
forced to perfect many ingenious de-
vices for existing underground. One
of these was the mysteriously con-
trolled electric energy with which
they were able to charge the air
throughout their principal domains,
which caused it to glow with the soft
light Philip had first observed upon
entering the vast main cavern that
formed the largest single chamber of
these creatures' domains, though this
huge chamber or cavern, they learned,
was but one of the many immense ex-
tinct craters that honeycombed the
moon’s crust. These caverns had been
cleared, enlarged, and linked together
by previous generations.

  For machinery and such devices as
the outlet caps at the moon’s surface,
the lunarites used a strange dark plas-
tic substance mined from the deeper
regions, and which set to iron-like
hardness when long exposed to the air.

  Incidentally, being well below the
surface, the air ia these caverns was
denser than in the rare atmospheric
pressure above. Therefore it provided
more normal breathing conditions.

  Among the things that Philip most
desired to learn was the purpose of
certain chambers with huge doors that
always remained locked. Other parts
of these queer domains were open to
the adventurers’ inspection; caverns
containing strange machinery and de-
vices that had to do with the artesian
water supply, lighting, heat from
vast volcanic depths, and so on. But
the story behind those ever-bolted
gray doors intrigued Philip. To his
queries of their interpreter and teach-
er he had obtained but vague replies.
This but whetted his curiosity the
more.

  “There is something beyond those
doors that they have good reason to
conceal from us, ’ ’ he confided to Don-
ald.

  Philip had eai’efully refrained from
discussing anything in Beryl’s hear-
ing that might alarm her. And he
and Donald had tacitly come to a con-
sidering of these things independently
of Sanderson, who seemed more inter-
ested in his own prestige with the
lunar dignitaries, and in Beryl, than
in their general welfare and future.

  “Yes, and your humble star-dust
twin intends to plumb the dark mys-
tery of those dens, or bust,” pro-
claimed the other.

  “But ‘how’ is the question,” said
Philip. “Something tells me that if
we fail to discover their secret before
long, none of us may ever have an
opportunity. I have a hunch that-’ ’

  “Cheese it—old Eggplant is nigh,”
warned Donald, nudging Philip as the
figure of Azan, the interpreter, ap-
peared in the doorway of their abode.
This caution was not altogether amiss,
for Azan had, in teaching them the
lunar tongue, learned much about
their own. They could no longer talk
within his acute hearing without re-
serve.

  “Voja—greetings, my friends,” he
squeaked, rolling his over-large gourd-
like head grotesquely from side to
side in the lunar fashion of salaam.
“It is time for our talk again. But
already you have learned most of
what I can teach you—you and the
magnificent taller one, and his lovely
ward. They are-”

  “Here I am, Azan,” interrupted
Sanderson, entering at that moment.

  Azan wriggled convulsively in
greeting to Sanderson’s six feet plus,
while Donald and Philip looked on
amusedly, albeit with a liberal sprink-
ling of sarcasm on the part of the
former.

  “And the beautiful maiden,” pur-
sued the lunarite; “will she be here
presently?” His wall-eyes gleamed
like those of an octopus.

  “She sends her excuses, Azan,”
said Sanderson with a proprietary air
that made Philip wonder all at once
BEHIND THE MOON

791

why he had ever chosen this man for
a companion on their weird journey.
Of late Sanderson’s monopoly of
Beryl’s time and attention had begun
to wear 011 his nerves sharply.

  “She does not care to listen to mere
words today,” Philip put in firmly;
“nor do we.”

  Azan looked from him to Sander-
son, then back again with puzzled
stare. Philip’s manner evidently im-
pressed him, for he favored him with
careful attention then. As for Philip,
he had suddenly decided that it was
time he had asserted himself and halt-
ed all this foolish parleying, which
was getting them nowhere.

  “Harken to me, Azan,” he went
on. “We have been here thirty-five
days and nights—as we reckon them
in our own world; more than a day
and a night of yours. Beryl—the
maiden—needs sunlight, open air. We
all do. We can not live in artificial
light indefinitely as you-can, or on the
food that nourishes you. Tell your
leader, this Sari, that we must get
back to our space-machine. That we
must send a message to our planet to
tell them we are safe; else others in
countless other machines will follow
us here.” He might as well make it
strong. He would be doubted, but the
lunarites could not know for certain
whether he lied. It was not beyond
the bounds of lunar imagination that
the friends of these earth-heings might
follow in similar conveyances, to
avenge any harm done them.

  “I will go to tell him, my friends,”
wagged the gray one, backing out pre-
cipitately. This unexpectedly brusk
reception and Philip’s disturbing
statements had shaken him and upset
his ideas badly.

Sanderson had looked 011 in silence.
As Azan disappeared, however, he
found his tongue.

  “Now you’ve done it,” he growled.
“Why couldn’t you have been patient
a little longer? Jealous because these

people want to treat me like the boss?

You’ll-”

  “Aw, give your tonsils a rest,”
Donald interjected. “There are things
I’ll bet you haven’t even guessed
about our little social spell here,
thanks to your heavy interest in liv-
ing up to the ‘head-man’ part. Our
wriggly visitor who just went out let
slip hints of some queer things once
or twice when you weren’t present—
things that I’d say don’t make the
outlook exactly attractive from
Beryl’s standpoint.”

 “For instance-”

  “For instance, these squashes are a
hybrid race.”

  “I knew that.”

  “All right. Maybe you also knew
that their average life span is about
seven years.”

  “Seven years! Why, how can they
possibly learn to accomplish the things
they do in so short a time? Besides,

what has that to do-”

  “Just this—oh, cripes! You tell
him, Phil. I’m no good at wedging
facts into a wooden head.”

  “It’s like this, John,” Philip ex-
plained. “First, if these beings live
but seven years, they must mature
from eight to ten times as rapidly as
we, and they learn and do according-
ly, out of necessity as well as by in-
stinct. Besides, everything they do is
simplified to the nth degree—not a
single non-essential move 01* consider-
ation of any kind is countenanced.
Their language, even, consists of but
a scant two or three hundred
elemental syllables.

  “Now, about the other things:
You’ve noticed, of course, the pecu-
liar characteristic of their arms and
hands, particularly the latter?”

  “Like growing things—thick grape-
vines, for instance, with tendrils at
the end?”

  “You’ve got the idea. And their
legs—shapeless and straight like sap-
lings.”

 “You mean-”
792

WEIRD TALES

  “-that I believe these creatures

represent a phenomenon totally dif-
ferent from anything we have ever
imagined in our earthly scheme of
animal life. They evidently are a liv-
ing, breathing and thinking combina-
tion of plant and animal life! Heaven
knows just how they reproduce, but
there is their unique command of at-
mospheric electrical energy — and
those novel growing-beds with that
energy intensified over them. I’m
practically certain now that those cu-
rious shapes were what I glimpsed in
the dim shadows when I regained con-
sciousness in that, long chamber. They

were not toadstools but-”

  “God! You can’t believe that hu-
man beings may be spawned and
grown like—like mushrooms!”

  “I think it possible—in view of
what we observed, and with informa-
tion this Azan has let slip. Evidently,
too, like the common house-fly, these
beings reach practically full growth
at the outset, which would explain
why we have seen no ‘children’.

  ‘ ‘ However, what is of vital concern
to us, a hellish obsession seems to have
taken hold of them, that Beryl—you
remember their instinctive and spon-
taneous reaction to her attraction
when she and you stepped out of the
Rocket? An instinct that has been
held in check since solely by rigid or-
ders from their leader.”

  “Why the Sam Hill couldn’t you
have stayed inside a little longer that
time?” put in Donald, scowling at
Sanderson in anything but a minis-
terial manner. “The sight of a
woman simply set that mob wild.”
“Yes, I remember,” defiantly.
“What of it?”

  “Just this: Azan has hinted that
the lunarites believe Beryl holds the
key to their own release from a strict-
ly tabloid existence—bound by roots
and soil. In her presence, they scent
some mad possibility not only of in-
creasing their life’s span to some-
thing approaching our own, but a

chance to rise above the soil as a fac-
tor in their creation. And their hellish
minds have conceived a plan. . . .
Nov.' do you begin to understand the
fate that hovers over her while we
dawdle here?”

  All three were silent for a time.
Even Sanderson seemed to forget his
egoism, in contemplation of the fiend-
ishness of this plan of the creatures
who held them all in their power.

  Two thoughts were paramount in
Philip’s mind: that Beryl be kept in
ignorance of this thing, and that they
must make a bold move to get her be-
yond the clutches of these fiends. How
to achieve the latter was the question.
As yet he could think of no practical
plan. But he would. He must!

  All at once he realized that this
girl was more precious to him than
his life—than anything; that he loved
her madly. Strange, how love struck
that way—like a bolt of lightning. In-
congruously, a humorous saying came
to him—something he had heard yeai’s
ago in a stage farce: “Love grows
and grows—like a vegetable.” That
was it. His love for Beryl had been
just growing and growing, quietly,
unnoticed almost, like—a vegetable.
And now it had developed with dis-
concerting completeness and abrupt-
ness into unmistakable maturity, nur-
tured by the dew of imminent danger.

  Hitherto he had been conscious only
of a warm liking for Beryl, attended
by a feeling of jealousy, which he had
mentally branded as a foolish, unwar-
ranted condition, over her tolerance of
Sanderson’s attentions. But a full
realization of this terrible danger that
threatened her now had fired his
blood; had suddenly fanned that dor-
mant passion of love for her into full
blaze. The thought of Beryl at the
mercy of these madmen, these crea-
tures half of animal, half of vegetable
kingdoms, made him berserk. Some-
how, some way, he must save her. He
cursed the feeling of impotence their
situation forced upon him. If only
BEHIND THE MOON

793

he could conceive a plan, any plan,
that had even a one-in-a-hundred
chance of success!

In his absorption by this problem he
failed to notice Sanderson’s depar-
ture, and Donald’s leaving directly
afterward. When he did look up again
with seeing eyes, it was to find Beryl
contemplating him from the doorway
of her room.

  “A penny fer them thoughts,” she
remarked impishly.

  “That would be over-pricing
them, ’ ’ he answered' dully, getting up.
“If I got a genuine idea right now,
I’d be surprized into fits.”

  “As bad as that? My, but we are
downcast today. ” Paradoxically, she
seemed in unusually fine spirits.

  ‘ ‘ Please try not to mind my grouch,
Beryl,” he said, smiling with an ef-
fort. He must not let her suspect that
dread danger which hung over her.
How beautiful she was! That her
loveliness should even be gazed upon
by these half-human monstrosities
maddened him.

  She moved toward him, came close
and placed a hand on his arm. The
nearness of her made his senses reel.

  “Why—you are trembling, Phil,”
she said, surprized and concerned.
“Are you ill?”

  He patted her hand reassuringly.

  “Not ill; just a passing wave of
vertigo—probably a bit of biliousness
from the long diet of strange food,”
he lied.

  “You must not let yourself get
sick,” she said solicitously. “After
all, we are selfishly depending upon
you for guidance in our predic-
ament.” She looked up at him with
dazzling trustfulness.

  “That’s just it, Beryl,” he groaned.
“And I’m a dud. I can’t forgive my-
self for having brought you along on
this mad adventure.”

  “You had little to do with that. I
foi’ced myself into this expedition for
adventure, excitement; so I have my-

self to blame—if anyone is to blame.
As it is, I am satisfied. We’re all in
it together now, and together we’ll
find a way out.”

  She smiled bravely.

  “You’re a brick, Beryl,” he said,
curbing an impulse to sweep her into
his arms, to press her soft, pliant body
against him and rain kisses upon those
dear eyes, those already-paling but
still-beautiful cheeks, those alluring
lips whose rosiness had not yet suc-
cumbed to the lack of sunshine. She
swayed against him lightly, perhaps
herself a little weak from the enforced
confinement, or perhaps impelled by a
force akin to that which he felt. The
next moment he was doing the very
things he had been fighting so hard
against!

  After a time he released1 her reluc-
tantly, determinedly.

 “I’m sorry, Beryl,” he began
lamely. Then: “No. I’m damned if
I am! I’m glad—glad!”

  He swept her once more into his
arms, and their lips met again as he
held her in a long embrace as if fear-
ful to let her go amidst the dangers
that surrounded them. And this time
she returned his kisses.

  “I’m glad, too, Phil,” she whis-
pered, a little breathlessly. “And oh,
so. happy.”

  Happiness now! Ah, the irony of
things, that they should find each
other’s love at such a time—on the
verge of being separated by one of the
most dreadful schemes ever conceived
by living and thinking beings.

  Well, they should not have her
alive. He reached for the automatic
which he had contrived to keep de-
spite the lunarites’ search.

  “Promise me you will keep this
with you always, dear,” he said, “in
case of—emergency.”

  But she handed it back to him.

  “I have already thought of that. ,
I carry my own—have ever since we
left Mother Earth.”

  “Good girl,” he approved, putting
794

WEIRD TALES

Ms own weapon back into the holster
inside his shirt. He had thought to
strap that extra gun next the calf of
his leg before leaving the Rocket, and
the lunarites had missed it there in
their search. But they had not
searched Beryl’s person as they had
his. There were two guns in the party,
anyway. Why, Dame Fortune was
actually smiling upon them after all!

  He began to take heart. With the
knowledge that Beryl loved him, he
felt at once confidence—and at the
same time more than ever disconcerted
—by the dangers they faced. For
now she was more precious than ever
to him.

  A sound of running outside startled
him into consciousness again of their
immediate situation.

   Weird and fantastic were the adventures of the voyagers
   among the lunarites, as described in next
   month's WEIRD TALES

IN THE VALLEY

  By BERTRANDE HARRY SNELL

           I have seen the Valley of Gibbering Men,

           Down where the soulless dwell,

           In the viscous sludge of their fog-damned fen
           (A horror-haunted Hell);

           I have heard the groans of the gruesome ghosts
           That paddle about in the slime,

          And watched the dance of the Hoary Hosts,

           In their palsied pantomime.

           The rheum-ribbed rocks of the valley walls,

          Where the green ghoul grasses grow,

           Hold a horrible lure for the one who falls
           Into the pit, below;

           He gazes up at their slimy sides,

           As he lies in his loathsome den,

          And he knows that here he, forever, bides
          In the Valley of Gibbering Men.

           Hopeless and stricken and rotting they lie,

          Damned to Eternity’s end;

           Retching and wretched, they long to die,

          Cursing the eons they spend
          Down in the depths where the vermin crawl,

         Far from Humanity’s ken—

   They shudder and shriek when the black gods call,

          In the Valley of Gibbering Men.
“Out of the ground it rose like an evil jinnee.”

THEY who lived during that
terrible time will never forget
it—twenty-five years ago, when
the lights went out.

  It was in 1941.

  All over the world, in the same
hour, and practically at the same min-
ute, electrical machinery ceased to
function.

  The youth of today can hardly
realize what a terrible disaster that
was for the people of the middle
Twentieth Century. England and
America, as well as the major iia-
tions of Europe, had just finished
electrifying their railroads and scrap-
ping the ponderous steam engines
which did duty on some lines up until

as late as the summer of 1939. A
practical method of harnessing the
tides and using their energy to de-
velop electricity, coupled with the
building of dams and the generating
of cheap power through the labor of
rushing rivers and giant waterfalls,
and the invention of a device for
broadcasting it by wireless as cheap-
ly as it was generated, had hastened
this electrification. The perfection of
a new vacuum tube by the General
Electric Company at Schenectady, in
the United States, had made gas eco-

                                                79-5
■796

WEIRD TALES

nomically undesirable. The new meth-
od, by which it was possible to relay
heat for all purposes at one-third the
cost of illuminating gas, swept the
various gas companies into oblivion.
Even the steamers which plied the
seven seas, and the giant planes that
soared the air, received the power
that turned their propellers, warmed
their cabins and cooked their foods,
in much the same fashion as did the
factories, the railroads, and the pri-
vate homes and the hotels ashore.
Therefore when electricity ceased to
drive the machines, the world stopped.
Telegraph, telephone, and wireless
communication ceased. Country was
cut off from country, city from city,
and neighborhood from neighborhood.
Automobiles broke down; street-cars
and electric trains refused to run;
powerhouses were put out of commis-
sion; and at night, save for the flick-
ering light of what lanterns, candles,
and oil lamps could be resurrected,
cities, towns, and hamlets were
smothered in darkness.

  I have before me the records of that
time. It was ten and eleven o’clock
in London, Paris, Berlin, and other
continental cities when it happened.
Restaurants, theaters, hospitals and
private homes were plunged into
darkness. Mighty thoroughfares that
a moment before had glittered and
glowed with thousands of lights and
wheeling signs became gloomy can-
yons where people at first paused,
questioned, and later plunged through
in terrified clamor. Various men who
later wrote their impressions for
newspapers and magazines say that
the thing which shook their nerves
the most was the sudden silence which
prevailed when all traffic ceased—
that, and five minutes later the mad-
dened cries and groans and curses of
men and women fighting like wild
beasts to escape from crowded res-
taurants and theaters.

  People coursed through the streets
shouting to one another that the
power-houses had been blown up, that

an earthquake had shaken them down.
The most absurd statements were
made, tossed from mouth to mouth,
and added to the general bewilder-
ment and panic. On the street cor-
ners religious fanatics suddenly
sprang up, proclaiming that the end
of the world had come, and that the
sinners had better repent of their
sins before it was too late. In the
hospitals, nurses and doctors found
themselves working under a frightful
handicap. Gruesome tales are told of
doctors caught in the midst of emer-
gency operations. Because of the
darkness it was impossible properly to
attend the sick. Whenever available,
candles, oil lamps and lanterns were
pressed into service; but there were
pitifully few of these to be had, and
nowhere to turn for more. Telephone
wires were dead, and automobiles,
cars and busses stalled. To add to the
horror, fire broke out in various
places. There was no way of ringing in
an alarm about them, and the fire ap-
paratus could not have responded if
there had been. So the fires spread.
And the people of those neighbor-
hoods where the flames leapt to
heaven, at last had light—the light of
their burning homes.

  And then in the midst of all this
horror and tumult the denizens of the
dark, festering spots of the city crept
forth. They swarmed from the filthy
alleys and from the dives of the
professional criminal, furtive-eyed,
predatory; and houses were robbed,
men killed, and women assaulted. The
police were powerless to act; their
mobility was gone; burglar alarms
did not warn; and the city lay like a
giant Samson shorn of its strength.

  So that night passed, not for one
city alone, but for hundreds of cities!

2

\X7hile all this was happening in

V	▼ the old world, chaos gripped the
new.

  Across the Atlantic, in the eastern
THE DANCER IN THE CRYSTAL

797

cities of the United States and Can-
ada, and as far west as Montreal and
Chicago, the wheels stopped going at
that hour when the workers began
to pour forth from the factories and
shops, and when the late shopping
crowds were thronging the trains and
the subways. On the surface cars and
on the streets there was, of course,
110 immediate alarm. Moving-picture
and vaudeville houses opened wide
their doors, raised the blinds on their
windows, and evacuated their patrons
in good order. But underground in
the various tubes and subways it was
a different matter. Hundreds of cars
bearing thousands of passengers were
stalled in stifling blackness. Guards
labored heroically to still the rising
hysteria and panic. For perhaps
fifteen or twenty minutes—in some
cases as long as half an hour—they
managed to maintain a species of
order. But the great pumps and fans
that usually circulated fresh air
through the tunnels were no longer
functioning. When the foul air
fogged the lungs, the passengers went
mad. Sobbing and cursing and pray-
ing, they fought to escape from the
cars, as at the same moment the peo-
ple of Berlin, Paris and London wrere
fighting to escape from restaurants
and theaters. They smashed the win-
dows of the coaches, and in wriggling
through them impaled the flesh of
their bodies, their hands and faces,
on jagged slivers of glass. They
trampled each other under foot and
flowed in terrified mobs along the
right of way, searching madly for
exits. In New York alone ten thou-
sand of them perished. They bled to
death, were crushed, or died of heart-
failure and suffocation.

  Above ground the streets and av-
enues were thronged with millions of
human beings trying to get home on
foot. For hours dense crowds of work-
ers, shoppers and businessmen filled
the highways and byways. Here again
panic w'as caused by the crashing
planes. In Montreal the Royal

Dominion air liner, Edward VII, en
route on a non-stop flight from Hali-
fax to Vancouver with four hundred
passengers, fell from a height of three
thousand feet onto Windsor Station,
killing her own passengers and crew,
and blotting out the lives of hundreds
of people who were in the station at
the time. In New York, Boston and
Chicago, where the then new mag-
netic runabouts were making their
initial appearance, hundreds of air-
planes plunged to the ground, killing
and maiming not only their passen-
gers, but the men, women and chil-
dren on whom they fell. “It was,”
states an eye-witness in a book he
later wrote called The Great Debacle,
“a sight fit to appall the stoutest
heart. Subway exits were disgorging
ghastly mobs of clawing people; a
crashing plane had turned a near-by
street into a shambles; crowds ran
this way and that, shrieking, praying.
Everywhere was panic.”

  Panic indeed! Yet the records show
that what they could do, the police
and fire departments did. Mounted
policemen were utilized to carry can-
dles and oil lamps to hospitals, to
scour the countryside for every avail-
able horse, and to ride through the
city in an effort to calm the people.
Firemen were marched to various
points of vantage, with axes and
chemical containers, to combat any
fire that might break out. But in the
aggregate these precautions amounted
to nothing. Whole hospitals passed
the night in darkness; patients died
by the hundreds; the flames of myriad
fires lit up the sky; and rumors ran
from mouth to mouth adding to the
terror and chaos.

  America, screamed the mobs, was
being attacked by a foreign power,
maybe Japan. The power-houses had
been rendered useless by a powerful
magnet. There had been a terrible
storm down south; all South America
was sinking; North America W'ould
go next. No one knew anything;
everyone knew something. Nothing
798

WEIRD TALES

was too wild or absurd for millions to
believe. Deprived of their accustomed
sources of information, the inhabi-
tants became a prey to their own fan-
cies and the disordered fancies of
others. Religious fanatics by the
light of huge bonfires preached the
second coming of Christ and the de-
struction of the world. Thousands of
hysterical people prostrated them-
selves on the hard street pavements,
babbling, weeping, praying. Thou-
sands of others looted wine and
strong drinks from the cellars of
hotels and cafes and reeled drunken
through the streets, adding to the din
and the panic. Nor did daylight bring
much relief.

  For some obscure reason, all over
Europe, Asia, and America, during
the hours of daylight, the sky was
strangely dulled. Seemingly the sun
shone with all its usual splendor, but
the air was perceptibly darkened.
Why this should be so not even the
scientists could tell. Yet even under
the light of what millions of people
on earth believed to be their last day,
human wolves came out of their dens
and prowled through the cities, sack-
ing stores and private homes, blowing
open safes, and killing and robbing
with impunity. The day that suc-
ceeded the night was more horrible
than the night that preceded the day,
because hundreds of thousands of peo-
ple who had slept through the hours
of darkness awoke and joined their
fellows on the streets, and because
there is something tei’rible about a
big city in which no cars run and no
factory whistles blow, in which the
machine has died.

  And while the cities and the in-
habitants thereof were given over to
madness and destruction, tragedy
took its toll of the skies and stalked
the seas. The aircraft of the world
were virtually wiped out. Only those
escaped which were at rest in their
hangars, or which by some miracle of
navigation glided safely to earth.
Hardly a year passes now but that on

some wild mountain peak, or in a
gloomy canyon or the heart of the
Sahara, fragments of those airships
are found. Nor did ocean-going ves-
sels suffer less. In the space of twenty
hours, two thousand ships of all
classes and tonnage met with disaster
—disaster that ultimately wiped out
the great firm of Lloyds, in London,
and a host of lesser insurance com-
panies. Fifteen hundred steamers
vanished, never to be heard of more,
thirty-five of these being giant pas-
senger boats carrying upward of
twenty thousand passengers. Of the
other five hundred ships, some wrere
dashed to pieces on inhospitable
coasts, others drifted ashore and broke
up, and the remainder were aban-
doned at sea. The fate of the miss-
ing steamers may be partly inferred
from what happened to the Olympia
and the Orania. This is taken from
the account of the second officer of the
former ship:

  “The night was clear and starry, a
heavy sea running. We were forging
full speed ahead about two hundred
miles off the Irish coast. Because of
our electrically controlled gyroscope,
however, the ship was as steady as a
rock. A dance was being given in
both the first and second class ball-
rooms, the music for them being sup-
plied by the Metropolitan dance or-
chestra of London. In the third class
theater a television moving-picture
was being shown. Couples were walk-
ing or sitting on the promenade
decks as, though a stiff breeze was
blowing, the night was warm. From
the bridge I could see the Omnia
coming toward us. She made a won-
derful sight, her port-holes gleaming
tier on tier, and her deck lights glow-
ing and winking, for all the world
looking like a giant glowworm or a
fabulous trireme. Doubtless, to watch-
ers on her bridge and decks, we pre-
sented the same glorious sight, because
we were sister ships, belonging to the
same line, and of the same build and
tonnage. All the time she was coming
TIIE DANCER IN THE CRYSTAL

799

up I conversed with the first officer
on her bridge by means of our wire-
less phone; and it was while in the
midst of this conversation, and while
we were still a mile apart and he
was preparing (so he said) to have
the wheel put over so as to take the
Omnia to starboard of us that, with-
out warning, her lights went out.

  “Hardly crediting my eyes, I stared
at the spot where a moment before
she had been. ‘What is the matter
with you?’ I called through my
phone, but there was no answer; and
even as I realized that the phone had
gone dead, I was overcome with the
knowledge that my own ship was
plunged in darkness. The decks be-
neath me were black. I could hear
the voices of passengers calling out,
some in jest and others in rising
alarm, questioning what had hap-
pened. ‘I can’t get the engine room;
the ship doesn’t answer her helm,’ I
said, facing the captain, who had
clambered to the bridge. ‘Quick, Mr.
Crowley!’ he cried. ‘Down with you
and turn out the crew. Put men at
every cabin door and stairway and
keep the passengers off the decks.’
His voice thundered into the micro-
phone, which repeated his words
through loud-speaking devices in
every saloon, cabin, and on every
deck of the ship—or should have so
repeated them if the instruments had
been functioning. ‘There is no need
for .alarm. A little trouble to the
engines, and incidentally to the dyna-
mos, has caused the lights to go out.
I beg of you to be calm. In a half-
hour everything will be fixed.’ But
even as I rushed to obey his orders,
even as his crisp voice rang out on
the night air, I saw the enormous
dark bulk bearing down on us, and
the heart leapt in my throat. It was
the Orania, helpless, without guid-
ance, as were we ourselves, rushing
ahead under the momentum acquired
by her now stilled engines.

  “She struck us, bow on, to one side,
shearing through steel plates as if

they were so much cheese. At that
terrific impact, in the dark and the
gloom, all order and discipline were
swept away. Something had hap-
pened to the gyroscopes, and the
ships were pitching and tossing,
grinding and crashing against each
other, our own ship settling by the
head, the stem rising.

  “Then ensued a terrible time. The
night became hideous with the clamor
of terrified voices. Maddened passen-
gers fought their ways to the decks,
and to the boats. Crowded boats went
down into the surging waves bow on
or stern first, spilling their human
freight into the sea. Hundreds of
passengers, believing that the steam-
ers would at any moment sink, leapt
overboard with life-preservers, and in
nearly all eases were drowned. All
this in the first thirty minutes. After
that the panic ebbed; it turned into
dull despair. The crews of both
steamers, what could be rallied of
them, began to control the situation.

  “Morning found the Orania prac-
tically intact, only making water in
her No. 1 compartment. The Olympia
forward compartments were all
flooded, taking her down at the head,
but the rear eight still held intact,
and as long as they did so she could
not sink. If the passengers had, from
the beginning, remained calm and
tractable, hardly a life need have
been lost.”

  The second officer of the Olympia
goes on to point out that both the
giant liners had been thoroughly
equipped with the most modem of
electro-mechanical devices for use
in emergencies; that they carried
twin power-receiving engines; that
they were electrically steered; and
that from the pilot-house and the
bridge communication could be had,
and orders and instructions given, to
crew and passengers in every part of
the ships. It was, he points out, the
sudden and startling going out of the
lights, and the totally unexpected
breakdown of all machinery, which
800

WEIRD TALES

precipitated the tragedy, and not any
negligence on the part of the officers
and the crews.

  Such is the story of one marine
disaster; but the records are full of
similar accounts, hundreds of them,
which it is needless to set down here.

3

On the Pacific coast, especially in
the cities of Los Angeles and San
Francisco, better order was main-
tained than in the big cities of the
Middle West and the East. Panic
there was, loss of life, and damage to
property both from fire and theft,
but not on so colossal a scale. This
was due to the fact that the author-
ities had several hours of daylight in
which to prepare for darkness, and be-
cause in the two cities mentioned
there were no subways to speak of. In
the downtown districts clerks and
businessmen were advised to stick to
their offices and stores. Policemen,
mounted and afoot, were sent to the
residential districts and to the fac-
tories. Instead of allowing the work-
ers to scatter, they formed them into
groups of twenty, deputized, anned,
and as nearly as possible set to
patrolling the streets of the neighbor-
hoods in which they lived. These
prompt measures did much to avert
the worst features of the horrors
which swept New York and Chicago
and the cities of Europe and Asia.
But in spite of them the hospitals
knew untold suffering, whole city
blocks were destroyed "by flames,
religious frenzy ran high, and mil-
lions of people passed the hours of
darkness in fear and trembling.

  I wras twenty-two at that time, liv-
ing in Altadena, which is a suburb
of Pasadena, about twenty miles from
Los Angeles, and trying to write.
That morning I had taken a book and
a lunch and climbed up the Old Pole
Road to the top of Mount Echo, in-
tending to return by the cable car
which for years has operated from the

purple depths of Rubio Canyon to
the towrering peak. I reached the top
of the mountain after a steep climb,
ate my lunch on the site of the old
Lowe Observatory, and then became
absorbed in my book.

  The first inkling I had that some-
thing was wrong was when the light
darkened. “It’s clouding over,” I
thought, looking up, but the sky over-
head wras perfectly clear, the sun
particularly bright.

  Not a little disturbed in mind, and
thinking, I must admit, of earth-
quakes, I strolled over to where a
group of Mexican section workers,
under the supervision of a white boss,
had been doing some track repairing.
The Mexicans were gesticulating and
pointing to the cities and the country-
side rolling away far beneath us. Now
usually on a clear, sunny day there
is a haze in the valley and one can
not see for very many miles in any
direction. But on this day there was
an unwonted clarity in the air. Every-
thing on which wre gazed was sharply
etched—no blurring, no fogging of
lines. The houses stood out starldy;
so did the spires of churches and the
domes of public buildings. Though
it was miles away to the westward, the
mighty tower of the Los Angeles city
hall could be plainly seen. The light
had darkened, yes; but the effect was
that of gazing through slightly tinted
glasses.

  “What do you think it means?” I
asked the track boss. But before he
could make a reply, a Mexican cried
out volubly, pointing one shaking
hand up the steep ridge which rose
behind us and crossing himself rapid-
ly with the other.

  It was an awe-inspiring sight on
which we gazed. Over Mount Lowe a
luminous, dancing light was growing.
I did not know it then, but as far
east as Denver and Omaha, and as far
south as St. Louis and Galveston, men
saw that light. Seen from the western
cities of Calgary and Edmonton in
Canada it was a pillar of blue flame
THE DANCER IN THE CRYSTAL

801

growing out of the earth and, as the
hours passed, mounting higher and
higher into the heavens. Millions of
eyes from all over the United States
and the Dominion fearfully and
superstitiously turned toward that
glow. As night deepened upon the
Pacific coast, the inhabitants of South-
ern California saw the sky to the
north of thorn cloven asunder by a
leaping sword. No wonder millions
of people thought that the heavens
had opened and Christ was coming.

  But before night I had descended
the steep slope of Mount Echo and
walked the trackway into Altadena.
Women and men called to me from
doorways and wanted to know if there
was a forest fire farther back in the
hills. I could give them no answer.
On Lake Avenue I saw the automo-
biles, street-cars, and motor-busses
stranded.

  “What is the matter?” I asked a
conductor.

  “I don’t know,” he said. “There
isn’t any power. They say all the
power plants and machinery have
stopped. A man rode through from
downtown a few minutes ago and
told us so.”

  I walked on into Pasadena. Every-
thing was tied up. The streets were
jammed with cars and people. Owing
to the state ordinance which made it
a penal offense for planes to fly over
any Californian city—the air routes
were so arranged, and the landing-
stations and fields outside the cities,
access to them being had by fast
electric trains—the horror of airships
falling on crowded city streets and on
residences was entirely averted. Peo-
ple spoke, however, of having seen a
huge air liner and some smaller pleas-
ure planes plunging to earth to the
west of them, turning over and over;
and afterward I learned that the New
York-Los Angeles special, which had
just taken the air, had crashed into
an orchard with a terrible loss of life.

  I went no farther than Madison
Street on Colorado Boulevard and

turned back. It was ominous to look
from the windows and porches of the
big house that night and see the city
black and formless beneath us. Usual-
ly the horizon to the west and south
was illuminated for thirty miles
around. Now, save for the dull glare
of several fires, the darkness was un-
broken.

  Everything that happened that
night is printed indelibly on my mem-
ory. Far off, like the sound of surf
beating on a rocky shore, we could
hear the voice of the mob. It rose and
fell, rose and fell. And once we
heard the crackle of what we took to
be machine-gun fire. In the Flintridge
district, I heard later, houses were
sacked and looted. Some men de-
fending their homes were murdered
and several women badly treated.
But in Altadena, up in the foothills,
no one suffered any violence. Only
once were we alarmed by a procession
marching up Lake Avenue, bearing
torches and chanting hymns. It was
a body of religious fanatics, Holy
Rollers, men, women, and children,
on their way to Mount Wilson, the
better to wait the advent of Jesus.
We could hear them shouting and
singing, and in the flickering light of
the torches, see them frothing at the
mouth. They went by, and after that,
save for a patrol from the sheriff’s
office, we saw no one until morning.

  Dawn came, but if anything the
tension and terror grew greater. All
night the threatening simitar of light
over the mountains had grown taller
and taller—one could see it literally
growing—and the sinister brightness
of it radiated like molten steel, nor
did the coming of daylight dim its
radiance.

  None of us had slept during the
night; none of us had thought of
sleep. Haggard-faced we greeted the
dawn, and with despair in our hearts
realized that the light of day was per-
ceptibly dimmer than it had been the
day before. Could this actually be
the end of the world? Were those
802

WEIRD TALES

poor fanatics who had gone by in the
night right, and were the heavens
opening, as they said? These, and
more, were the thoughts that ran
through my mind. Then—came the
end!

  It was 6 p. m. in London, 1 p. m.
in New York, and 10 o’clock a. m. on
the coast when it happened. Millions
of people saw the pillar of light
waver. For one pregnant moment it
grew red-hot, with the crimson red-
ness of heated iron. From its lofty
summit jagged forks of lightning
leapt across the heavens and blinded
the sight of those that watched. Then
it vanished, was gone; and a few min-
utes after its going the street lights
came on, the day brightened, tele-
phone bells rang, wheels turned, and
the twenty or so hours of terror and
anarchy were ended!

4

'\X7'hat had been the cause of it all?

V	* ‘ ]v0 one knew. Learned men puz-
zled their heads over the problem.
Scientists were baffled for an ad-
equate answer. Many explanations
were advanced, of course, but none of
them hold water. For a while there
was a tendency on the part of various
governments to suspect one another
of having invented and utilized a
fiendish machine for the undoing of
rival nations. However, this suspicion
was speedily dropped when it was
realized how world-wide had been the
nature of the disaster. Dr. LeMont of
the Paris Astronomical League ad-
vanced the theory that the spots on
the sun had something to do with the
phenomenon; Doolittle of the Royal
Academy of Science in London was
of the opinion that the Cosmic Ray
discovered by Millikan in 1928 was
responsible; while others not so
highly placed in the world of science
as these two outstanding celebrities
suggested anything from a dark com-
et, a falling meteor, to disturbances
in the magnetic centers of the earth.

The Encyclopedia Britannica for
1962, twenty-one years after the dis-
aster which nearly wrecked civiliza-
tion and perhaps the world, quotes
the above theories in detail, and many
more besides, but winds up with the
assertion that nothing authentic as to
the cause of the tragedy of 1941 has
ever been forthcoming. This assertion
is not true. In the fall of 1948 there
was placed before the Royal Academy
of Science in Canada evidence as to
the origin of the great catastrophe
sufficient to call forth an extended in-
vestigation on the part of that body.

  Though eighteen years have passed
since then, the results of that in-
vestigation have never been made pub-
lic. I will not speculate as to the
reason for that. In the interim a re-
port was made of the matter to the
Smithsonian Institution in Washing-
ton, to the Royal Academy of Science
in London, and to the Paris Astro-
nomical League in France—a report
which these learned bodies chose to
ignore. And what was the evidence
the Royal Academy of Science in Can-
ada investigated?

  As I have already stated, I was in
California in 1941 and lived through
one phase of the great disaster. Three
years later—in the summer of 1944
—having broken into the pages of
some of the better class magazines
with my stories, I made a trip to west-
ern Canada for the purpose of writing
a series of stories for a western jour-
nal. It was there, miles from any city
and in the foothills of the Rockies,
that I met and listened to the story
of the dying recluse. He was a young
man, I judged, not a whit older than
myself, but in the last stages of con-
sumption.

  I came upon the ranch-house—a
four-room cabin made of split logs and
undressed stone—after a hard day’s
ride. I pitched my tent on the banks
of a tumbling mountain stream about
a quarter of a mile from the house,
and gladly accepted the invitation of
the comely young mistress of the place
THE DANCER IN THE CRYSTAL

803

to take dinner with them that eve-
ning. She was, I gleaned, the sick
man’s sister. Her husband, now ab-
sent rounding rip cattle, was proving
up on an adjoining quarter section,
having already done so on two others
in his wife’s and brother-in-law’s
names.

  After dinner I sat on the wide ver-
anda with the sick, man, whose sleep-
ing-porch I surmised it was, talking
with him and smoking my pipe.

  “Visitors are raro- out this way,”
he said, “and an educated man a
godsend. ’ ’

  I was surprized to find him a man
of no little education himself.

  “You went to college?” I hazarded.

  “Yes, McGill. I took my B. A.
And after that, two years of medi-
cine.”

  Over the plains the sun had sunk
in red splendor below the horizon and
the sky was on fire with its reflected
glory. Nearer in I saw a ragged
black splotch on the billowing earth,
burnt-looking, charred.

  “A prairie fire,” I not so much
questioned as stated.

  The invalid, propped up on his
couch, followed my finger with his
cavernous black eyes.

 “No,” he said. “No. That is
where it—was.”

  “It?” I queried.

  “Yes,” he replied; “what the pa-
pers called the pillar of fire.”

  Then I remembered, of course. The
burnt splotch was the place where the
terrible luminous glow, the cleaving
sword I had seen over Mount Lowe,
bad had its source. I stared, fasci-
nated.

  “Nothing,” said the man on the
couch, “will grow there—since then.
The soil has no life in it—no life. It
is,” he said faintly, “like ashes—
black ashes.”

  Silence fell between us for many
minutes. The shadows lengthened
and the twilight deepened. It was
mournful sitting there in the growing
gloom, and I felt relieved when the

woman turned on the light in the sit-
ting-room and its cheerful rays flood-
ed through the open windows and the
doorway. Finally the invalid said:
“I was here at the time. My sis-
ter and her husband were absent on
a visit to his folks in Calgary.”

  “It must have been a stupendous
sight,” I remarked for want of a bet-
ter thing to say.

  “It was hell,” he said. “That’s
how I got this,” tapping himself on
the chest and bringing on a fit of
coughing. “The air,” he gasped;
“it was hard on the lungs.”

  His sister came out and gave him
some medicine from a black bottle.

  “You mustn’t talk so much, Peter;
it isn’t good for you,” she admon-
ished.

  He waved an impatient hand, “Let
be!” he said. “Let be! What differ-
ence does it make? In another day,

another wyeek-”

  His voice trailed away and then
picked up again on a new sentence.

  “Oh, don’t pity me! Don’t waste
your pity on the likes of me! If ever
a wretch deserved his fate, I deserve
mine. Three years now I’ve suffered
the tortures of the damned. Not of
flesh alone, but of mind. When I
could still walk about it wasn’t so
bad; but since I’ve been chained to
this bed I’ve done nothing but think,
think. ... I think of the great
disaster; of the hours of terror and
despair known by millions of people.
I think of the thousands and thou-
sands of men, womei\ and children
trapped in subways and theaters,
trampled to death, butchered, mur-
dered. I visualize the hospitals full
of the sick and the dying, the giant
liners of the air and of the ocean
crashing, colliding, going down into
the sea; and I seem to hear the
screams and the pitiful prayers for
help of the maddened passengers.
Tell me, what fate should befall the
fiend who would loose such wo and
misery on an unsuspecting world?”
“There, there,” I said soothingly,
804

WEIRD TALES

thinking him delirious, judging his
mind unhinged from too much mor-
bid brooding. “It was frightful, of
course, but no one could help what
happened—no one.”

  But my words did not calm him. On
the contrary they added to his excite-
ment. “That isn’t true,” he gasped.
“It isn’t true. No, no, sister, I won’t
be still, I’m not raving! Give me a
drop of brandy—so; and bring me the
little cedar box from the cupboard
over there.”

  She complied with his request.
“It’s all written down and put
away in here,” he said, tapping the
box. “Put away in here, along with
the third crystal which came home
in the saddle-bag of John’s runaway
horse. ’ ’

  His eyes were like two black coals
fastened on my face.

  “I’ve told no one,” he said tensely,
“but I can’t keep silent any longer.
I must speak! I must! ’ ’

  One of his feverish hands gripped
my own. “Don’t you understand?”
he cried. “I’m the fiend who caused
the great world disaster. God help
me! I, and one other!

  “No, no,” he said, correctly read-
ing the look on my face, “I’m not
crazy, I’m not raving. It is God’s
truth I’m telling you, and the evi-
dence of it is in this cedar box. It
began in Montreal when I was going
to McGill University. The under-
professor of physics there was a
young French-Canadian by the name

of John Cabot He-”

  A fit of coughing stopped his voice.
His sister gave him a sip of water.
“Peter,” she pleaded, “let it go for

tonight. Tomorrow-”

  But he shook his head. “I may be
dead tomorrow. Let me talk now.”
His eyes sought mine. “Did you
ever hear about the meteorite that fell
back in Manitoba in 1930?”

 “No.”

  “Nor about the seven crystals that
were found in it?”

  “I don’t uemember.”

  “Well, they were found,” he said;
‘ * seven of them as large as grapefruit.
There’s nothing remarkable about
finding crystals in a meteorite. That
has been done before and since. But
those seven crystals were not ordi-
nary ones. They were perfectly round-
ed and polished, as if by hand. Nor
was that all: at the core of each of
them was a vibrant fluid, and in that

fluid was a black spot-”

  A spasm of coughing choked his ut-
terance, and this time I joined with
his sister in urging him to rest, but
desisted when I saw that such ad-
vice, and any effort on my part to
withdraw, only succeeded in adding
to his painful excitement.

  “A black spot,” he gasped, “that
danced and whirled and was never
still. Don’t try to stop me! I must
tell you about it! The scientists of
the world were all agog over them.
Where, they asked, had the meteor
come from, and what were the fluid
and the spot at the center of each
crystal? In the course of time
the crystals were sent various places
for observation and study. One
went to England, another to France,
two to Washington, while the remain-
ing three stayed in Canada, finally
coming to rest in the Museum of Nat-
ural Science in Montreal which, as
everyone knows, was erected in 1929
and is now under the jurisdiction of
McGill University.

“Tt was during my first year at
^medical school that I entered the
museum one afternoon, almost by ac-
cident. The sight of the crystals,
newly exhibited, fascinated me. I
could hardly tear myself away in time
for a lecture.

  “The next afternoon I came again.
I watched the black spots dancing in
their vibrant fluid. Sometimes they
would whirl in the center of the liquid
with monotonous regularity. Then
suddenly they would dash at the walls
which held them in and circle them
with inconceivable speed. Was it y
THE DANCER IN THE CRYSTAL

805

imagination, or did the specks take on
shape or form? Were they prisoners
forever beating their heads against
the bars of a cell, seeking to be free?
Engrossed in such thoughts I did not
know that another had entered the
museum until a voice addressed me.

  “ ‘So you have come under their
spell, too, Ross. ’

  ‘ ‘ I looked up with a start and recog-
nized John Cabot. We knew each
other, of course, because I had stud-
ied under him for two years.

  “ ‘They look so life-like, sir,’ I re-
plied. ‘ Haven’t you noticed it ? ’

  “ ‘Perhaps,’ he said quietly, ‘they
are life.’

  “The thought stirred my imagina-
tion.

  “ ‘You know,’ he went on, ‘that
there are scientists who claim life orig-
inally came to the earth from some
other star, perhaps from outside the
universe entirely. Maybe.’ he said, ‘it
came, even as these crystals came, in
a meteor.’ ”

  The sick man paused and moistened
his lips with water.

  “That,” he said, “was the begin-
ning of the intimacy which sprang up
between John Cabot and me. It was
often possible for Cabot to take one
of the crystals to his room, and then
we would foregather there and pon-
der the mystery of it. Cabot was a
sound teacher of physics, but he was
more than that. He was a scientist
who was also a speculative philoso-
pher, which meant being something
of a mystic. Have you ever studied
mysticism? No? Then I can’t tell
you about that. Only from him and
his speculations I struck fire. How
can I describe it? Perhaps gazing
in the crystal hypnotized us both. I
don’t know as to that. Only night
and day both of us became eaten with
an overwhelming curiosity.

  “ ‘What do the scientists say is in-
side the crystals?’ I asked Cabot.

  “ ‘They don’t say,’ he replied.
‘They don’t know. A message from

Mars, perhaps, or from beyond the
Milky Way.’

 “From beyond the Milky Way,”
whispered the sick man. “Can’t you
see what that would mean to our im-
aginations?”

  He beat the quilt that covered him
with his hand.

  “It meant,” he said, “the forbid-
den. We dreamed of doing what the
scientists of America and Europe said
they hesitated to do for fear of the
consequences—or for fear of destroy-
ing objects valuable to science. We
dreamed of breaking the crystal!”

  A big moth fluttered into the radius
of light and the dying man followed
it with his eyes. “That’s what we
were, Cabot and I, though we didn’t
know it; moths, trying to reach a
searing flame.”

  By this time I was engrossed in his
story. “What then?” I prompt-
ed.

  “We stole the crystals! Perhaps
you read about it at the time?”

  I shook my head.

  “Well, it was in all the papers.”

  I explained that in those days I had
seldom seen a paper from one week’s
end to another. He nodded feebly.

  “That accounts for it, then. The
theft caused a sensation in university
circles, and both Cabot and I were
thoroughly questioned and searched.
But we had been too clever!” The
sick man laughed mirthlessly. “God
help us! too clever! What wouldn’t
I give now,” cried Peter Ross bitterly,
“if we had been discovered! But a
malignant fate ordered otherwise. We
were successful. During the holidays
I took the crystal home with me,
home, to these hills and plains. Later
Cabot joined me.”

  He broke off for a moment as if
exhausted.

  “I wonder,” he said, after a few
minutes, “if I can make what we felt
and thought clear to you. It wasn’t
just idle curiosity that was driving
us. No! It was more than that. Out
of the unknown itself had come a
S06

WEIRD TALES

meteor with a message for mankind.
Something stupendous was hidden in
the cores of those crystals. Yet what
had the scientists of the world done?
They had contented themselves with
weighing the crystals, looking at them
under a microscope, photographing
them, writing learned articles about
them, and then putting them away
on museum shelves! None of them—
not one; or so it seemed to us—had
had the courage to open a crystal.
Their reasons—deadly germs, viru-
lent forms of life, terrific explosions—
we dismissed as cowardly vaporings.
The time had come, wc said, to investi-
gate more thoroughly. God help us, ’ ’
whispered Peter Ross, “we blinded
ourselves to what might be the con-
sequences of our rash experiment!
We eased our consciences with the re-
flection that we were safeguarding
humanity from any danger by carry-
ing it out in the wilderness, miles
from any city or human habitation.
If there were to be any martyrs, we
thought egotistically, it would be us
alone. We had, of course, no inkling
of the terrible force we were about to
loose.

  “Early in the morning of the day
of the disaster we i*ode from this plaee
down there to the plains, down to
where you saw that charred splotch.
We had with us a portable outfit of
chemical instruments. It was our in-
tention to smash one of the crystals,
catch the fluid in our test-tubes, iso-
late the black spot, and make an an-
alj^sis of it and the liquid later. But
we never did,” he said; “we never
did.”

  A cough rattled in his throat.

  “It was Cabot who broke the crys-
tal. Before noon, it was, but I’m not
sure of the time. He knew how to do
it; he had all the tools necessary. The
crystal lay inside a metal container. I
tell you there was something uncanny
about it glimmering in the sun! The
black spot was whirling madly, dash-
ing itself with violence against the

restraining walls as if it sensed that
freedom was near.

  “ ‘Look at him,’ said Cabot tense-
ly. ‘Look at him leaping and kicking.
What a dancer! What a—in a min-
ute now and he’ll be out of that!’

  “Perhaps it was the phrase; per-
haps it was the masculine pronoun
used in connection with the black
spot; but suddenly I was afraid of the
thing we would do. Fearful possi-
bilities ran through my mind.

  “ 'John,’ I cried, stepping back
several paces, ‘John, don’t!’

  “But Cabot never heard me. His
hand went up with the heavy ham-
mer.

  “Poor John! Nothing warned him
—nothing stayed him!

 “The blow came down. I heard
the tinkling crash; then-

  “ ‘Oh my God!’

  “It wTas Cabot’s voice in a shrill
scream of unutterable horror and
agony. His bent figure straightened
up, and from his hair and his out-
flung arms blue lights crackled and
streamed, and all around his body a
column of something shimmered and
shifted and grew. So for a moment
he postured; then he began to dance.
I tell you he began to dance, not by
any force or power that resided in his
own limbs, but as if he were jerked
or writhed about by an external agent.
I saw what that agent was. It was
the black spot! Out of the ground
it rose like an evil jinnee and took on
the form and shape of something
monstrous, inhuman, horrible. It
leapt and whirled; and yes, though I
couldn't hear it, it sang and shouted.
It was the nucleus of an increasing
body of light. I felt searing heat
scorch my cheeks and burn my throat
with every breath I drew. More! I
felt that streaming fingers of light
were reaching out at me, clutching.

  “With a sob of fear I turned and
ran. Cabot’s horse had broken loose
and was running wildly across the
plains. My own was plunging madly
THE DANCER IN THE CRYSTAL

807

at the end of its picket rope. Some-
how I mounted and fled, but after
several miles of such flight my horse
put its hoof in a prairie-dog hole and
broke its leg, pitching me over its
head.

  “How long I lay dead to the world
I don’t, know; but the long shadows
were running eastward when I came
to. The air was acrid and bitter.
With fearful eyes I saw that the day
was unaccountably dark and that the
pillar of fire out on the plains had
grown to immense proportions. Even
as I gazed on it, it grew. Hour after
hour it grew, adding to its circum-
ference and height. From the four
corners of the horizon, in mighty
arches that dipped to a common cen-
ter, flowed infinitesimal particles of
what seemed golden dust. I know
now that, all the electricity was be-
ing sucked out of the air, darkening
the day, blackening the* night, and
rendering all machinery useless. But
then I knew only that the pillar of
fire, the center to which those ‘parti-
cles cohered, was drawing nearer and
nearer to where I lay. For I could
barely move, my feet seemed like lead,
and there was a tight band round my
chest.

  “Perhaps I was delirious, out of my
head; I do not know, but I got on my
feet and walked and walked, and
when I couldn’t walk I crawled.
Hours and hours I crawled, driven
ahead by a growing horror of the
nightmare that pursued me; yet when
I stopped, exhausted, I was still far
away from the foothills and the pil-
lar of fire was nearer than ever. I
could see the monstrous black thing
inside of it dancing and whirling. My
God! It was reaching out dark
streamers of fire after me; it was call-
ing out that it wanted 'me, that it
would have me, that nothing this side
of heaven or hell could keep it from
me; and as it shot this implacable
message into my senses, it grew big-
ger, it danced faster, and it came
closer.

  “Again I staggei’ed to my feet and
ran. Late night found me several
miles below here, quenching my thirst
at a spring of water which trickles
from the side of a rock. I looked back,
and the pillar of fire was now so high
that it lost itself in the heavens. All
around me played a livid light, a light
that flung the shape of a gigantic
dancing horror this way and that.
Did I tell you that this light was like
a pillar? Yes, it was like a pillar
whose middle swelled out in a great
arc; and I knew that I was doomed,
that I could not escape, and swoon-
ing horror overcame me and. I fell to
the ground and buried my face in my
hands.

  “Hours passed—or was it only
minutes? I can not say. I could feel
my body writhing, twisting. Every
atom of my flesh was vibrating to an
unnatural rhythm. I was crazy, yes,
out of my head, delirious, but I swear
to you that I heard John Cabot cry-
ing to me, imploring, ‘For God’s sake,
break the crystal, break the crystal!’
and I cried back into my huddled
arms, not speaking, yet screaming it,
‘We broke the crystal! God help us!
We broke the crystal!’

  “Then suddenly it came to me that
he meant the second crystal. Yes, yes,
I understood. The fiendish thing out
there on the plain was seeking, not
me, but its counterpart.

  “The second crystal was in the
knapsack still swung on my back.
With insane fury I tore it out of its
padded, protected housing and
whirled it over my head. Filled with
loathing of the terrible thing, I flung
it from me as far as the strength of
my arm would permit. Perhaps
twenty yards away it crashed into a
rock and was shattered to pieces. I
saw the slivers of it glint and flash;

. then from the spot where it struck
rose a column of light, and in the
column of light was a whirling speck.
Like its predecessor it grew and grew,
and as it grew, receded from me in
808

WEIRD TALES

the direction of the mightier pillar
whirling and calling. How can I tell
you of the weird dance of the evil
ones? They sang to each other, and I
know the song they sang, but 1 can
not tell it to you because it was not
sung in words.

  “At what hour they came together,
whether it was day or night, I do not
know. Only I saw them merge. With
their coming together the terrible
power that was sucking in the world’s
electrical forces to one gigantic cen-
ter became neutralized. The heavens
split open as the bolts of lightning
devastated the sky. Through the
rent firmament I saw a black shape
cleave its way. Whatever had been in
the two crystals was leaving the
earth, was plunging through the
Milky Way, through the incalculable
spaces beyond the reach of our most
powerful telescopes, back, back. . .

Two days later, in a grave beside
the tumbling mountain stream,
his brother-in-law and I buried all
that was mortal of Peter Ross. Over
his resting-place we piled a great
cairn of rocks so that the spring floods
might not wash his body away nor
coyotes worry the tomb of the dead.
When I parted with the bereaved sis-
ter, she pressed me to accept the cedar
box.

  “Poor Peter!” she said. “Toward
the last he ran a fever all the time
and was delirious; but he wanted you
to have the box, and so you must take
it.”

  I saw that she attached no impor-
tance to his story.

  “He never mentioned it before,”
she said; “he was out of his head.”

  And so I was inclined to believe un-
til I examined the contents of the box.
Then I changed my mind. If what he
told us had been naught but the re-
sult of morbid brooding and delirium,
then he must have been morbid and
delirious for years preceding his
death, because the written version of
his story began simply, “It is nearly
a year now since,” and was a bare
recital of facts, written plainly and
in the manner of a man with no es-
pecial gift for expressing himself in
words. Nor was that all. Besides the
manuscript mentioned were revealed
various letters which I perused, let-
ters from Cabot to Ross, Ross to Cab-
ot, covering a period of years and
telling of their ideas and plans and
of the theft of the crystals. The whole
story, save for its denouement, could
be pieced together from those letters.

  Incredible as Peter Ross’s tale had
sounded in the telling, wild and in-
coherent though it had been, and col-
ored with fever and delirium, none
the less it was true. And as if to
rout whatever disbelief might be still
lurking in my mind, I saw that which
finally led me to place the whole mat-
ter before the Royal Academy of
Science in Canada, and before vari-
ous other scientific bodies, as I have
recorded; and which in this latter
day, so that mankind may be warned
against the menace imprisoned in the
crystals, has made me put everything
down here: the crowning evidence of
all. For in the bottom of the box
was a round object; and when I
picked it up my fascinated eyes were
held by a transparent bubble the size
of an orange with a black spot at its
core, dancing, dancing. . . .
I Y7 /

The Story Thus Far

AMUMMY-case is found floating in the ocean, and
taken on board ship. The next day the mummy
has disappeared, and the scientist in whose state-
room it was kept is found murdered. Following
this, rebellion and unrest seethe throughout Africa
and Asia, and rumor says that the old prophecy
will soon be fulfilled, that a “Man from the Sea”
will overthrow the rule of the whites and estab-
lish a black empire. In London’s .Limehouse dis-
trict a mummified, leprous-looking man. known
to his slaves as the Master, as the Scorpion, and
as Kathulos of Egypt, rescues Stephen Costigan
(an American dope addict) from his craving for
hashish by giving him an elixir so strong that he
is racked by fiery tortures when deprived of it.
The Master sends Costigan to murder Sir Haldred
Frenton, but Costigan gives himself up to John
Gordon of the British secret police, and Gordon
raids the Master’s retreat in Limehouse, but the
Master and his fanatics escape through a snake-
infested tunnel. Zuleika, one of the Master’s
slaves, with Svhom Costigan is in love, has given
him enough of the elixir to last him for four days.

 “Santiago pitched headlong from
 the teocalli.”

18.	The Grip of the Scorpion

“While from a proud tower in the town
Death looks gigantically down.”

—Poe.

HANSEN snored on the bed as
I paced the room. Another
day had passed over London
and again the street lamps glimmered
through the fog. Their lights affected
me strangely. They seemed to beat,
solid waves of energy, against my
brain. They twisted the fog into
strange sinister shapes. Footlights of
the stage that is the streets of Lon-
don, how many grisly scenes had they
lighted? I pressed my hands hard
against my throbbing temples, striv-
ing to bring my thoughts back from
the chaotic labyrinth where they
wandered.

  Gordon I had not seen since dawn.

                                  809
810

WEIRD TALES

Following the clue of “Soho 48’’ he
had gone forth to arrange a raid
upon the place and he thought it best
that I should remain under cover. He
anticipated an attempt upon my life,
and again he feared that if I went
searching among the dives I formerly
frequented it would arouse suspicion.

  Hansen snored on. I seated myself
and began to study the Turkish shoes
which clothed my feet. Zuleika had
worn Turkish slippers — how she
floated through my waking dreams,
gilding prosaic things with her witch-
ery ! Her face smiled at me from the
fog; her eyes shone from the flicker-
ing lamps; her phantom footfalls re-
echoed through the misty chambers of
my skull.

  They beat an endless tattoo, luring
and haunting till it seemed that these
echoes found echoes in the hallway
outside the room where I stood, soft
and stealthy. A sudden rap at the
door and I started.

  Hansen slept on as I crossed the
room and flung the door swiftly open.
A swirling wisp of fog had invaded
the corridor, and through it, like a
silver veil, I saw her—Zuleika stood
before me with her shimmering hair
and her red lips parted and her
great dark eyes.

  Like a speechless fool I stood and
she glanced quickly down the hallway
and then stepped inside and closed
the door.

 “Gordon!” she whispered in a
thrilling undertone. “Your friend!
The Scorpion has him!”

  Hansen had awakened and now sat
gaping stupidly at the strange scene
which met his eyes.

  Zuleika did not heed him.

  “And oh, Steephen!” she cried,
and tears shone in her eyes, “I have
tried so hard to secure some more
elixir but I could not. ’ ’

“Never mind that,” I finally found
my specch. “Tell me about Gordon.”
“He went back to Kamonos’ alone,
and Hassim and Ganra Singh took
him captive and brought him to the

Master’s house. Tonight assemble a
great host of the people of the Scor-
pion for the sacrifice.”

  ‘ ‘ Sacrifice! ” A grisly thrill of hor-
ror coursed down my spine. Was
there no limit to the ghastliness of
this business ?

  ‘; Quick, Zuleika, where is this house
of the Master’s?”

  “Soho, 48. You must summon the
police and send many men to sur-
round it, but you must not go your-
self-”

  Hansen sprang up quivering for
action, but I turned to him. My brain
was clear now, or seemed to be, and
racing unnaturally.

  “Wait!” I turned back to Zuleika.
“When is this sacrifice to take
place ? ”

  “At the rising of the moon.”
“That is only a few hours before
dawn. Time to save him, but if we
raid the house they’ll kill him before
we can reach them. And God only
knows how many diabolical things
guard all approaches.”

  “I do not know,” Zuleika whim-
pered. “I must go now, or the Mas-
ter will kill me.”

  Something gave way in my brain
at that; something like a flood of
wild and terrible exultation swept
over me.

  “The Master will kill no one!” I
shouted, flinging my arms on high.
“Before ever the east turns red for
dawn, the Master dies! By all things
holy and unholy I swear it!”

  Hansen stared wildly at me and
Zuleika shrank back as I turned on
her. To my dope-inspired brain had
come a sudden burst of light, true
and unerring. I knew Kathulos was
a mesmerist—that he understood
fully the secret of dominating an-
other’s mind and soul. And I knew
that at last I had hit upon the reason
of his power over the girl. Mesmer-
ism ! As a snake fascinates and draws
to him a bird, so the Master held
Zuleika to him with unseen shackles.
So absolute was his rule over her that
SKULL-FACE

811

it held even when she was out of his
sight, working over great distances.

  There was but one thing which
would break that hold: the magnetic
power of some other person whose
control was stronger with her than
Kathulos’. I laid my hands on her
slim little shoulders and made her
face me.

  “Zuleika,” I said commandingly,
“here you are safe; you shall not re-
turn to Kathulos. There is no need
of it. Now you are free. ’ ’

  But I knew I had failed before I
ever started. Her eyes held a look of
amazed, unreasoning fear and she
twisted timidly in my grasp.

  “Steephen, please let me go!” she
begged. ‘ ‘ I must—I must! ’ ’

  I drew her over to the bed and
asked Hansen for his handcuffs. He
handed them to me, wonderingly, and
I fastened one cuff to the bed-post
and the other to her slim wrist. The
girl whimpered but made no resist-
ance, her limpid eyes seeking mine in
mute appeal.

  It cut me to the quick to enforce
my will upon her in this apparently
brutal manner but I steeled myself.

  “Zuleika,” I said tenderly, “you
are now my prisoner. The Scorpion
can not blame you for not returning
to him when you are unable to do so
—and before dawn you shall be free
of his rule entirely.”

  I turned to Hansen and spoke in a
tone which admitted of no argument.

  “Remain here, just without the
door, until I return. On no account
allow any strangers to enter—that is,
anyone whom you do not personally
know. And I charge you, on your
honor as a man, do not release this
girl, no matter what she may say. If
neither I nor Gordon have returned
by ten o’clock tomorrow, take her to
this address—that family once were
friends of mine and will take care of
a homeless girl. I am going to Scot-
land Yard.”

  “Steephen,” Zuleika wailed, “you
are going to the Master’s lair! You

will be killed! Send the police, do
not go! ”

  I bent, drew her into my arms, felt
her lips against mine, then tore my-
self away.

The fog plucked at me with ghost-
ly fingers, cold as the hands of
dead men, as I raced down the street.
I had no plan, but one was forming
in my mind, beginning to seethe in
the stimulated cauldron that was my
brain. I halted at the sight of a
policeman pacing his beat, and beckon-
ing him to me, scribbled a terse note
on a piece of paper torn from a note-
book and handed it to him.

  “Get this to Scotland Yard; it’s a
matter of life and death and it has to
do with the business of John Gor-
don. ’ ’

  At that name, a gloved hand came
up in swift assent, but his assurance
of haste died out behind me as I re-
newed my flight. The note stated
briefly that Gordon was a prisoner at
Soho 48 and advised an immediate
raid in force—advised, nay, in Gor-
don’s name, commanded it.

  My reason for my actions was sim-
ple ; I knew that the first noise of the
raid sealed John Gordon’s doom.
Somehow I first must reach him and
protect or free him before the police
arrived.

  The time seemed endless, but at
last the grim gaunt outlines of the
house that was Soho 48 rose up before
me, a giant ghost in the fog. The
hour grew late; few people dared the
mists and the dampness as I came to
a halt in the street before this for-
bidding building. No lights showed
from the windows, either upstairs or
down. It seemed deserted. But the
lair of the scorpion often seems de-
serted until the silent death strikes
suddenly.

  Here I halted and a wild thought
struck me. One way or another, the
drama would be over by dawn. To-
night was the climax of my careei\
the ultimate top of life. Tonight I
812

WEIRD TALES

was the strongest link in the strange
chain of events. Tomorrow it would
not matter whether I lived or died. I
drew the flask of elixir from my
pocket and gazed at it. Enough for
two more days if properly eked out.
Two more days of life! Or—I needed
stimulation as I never needed it
before; the task in front of me was
one no mere human could hope to ac-
complish. If I drank the entire re-
mainder of the elixir, I had no idea
as to the duration of its effect, but it
would last the night through. And
my legs were shaky; my mind had
curious periods of utter vacuity;
weakness of brain and body assailed
me. I raised the flask and with one
draft drained it.

  For an instant I thought it was
death. Never had I taken such an
amount.

  Sky and world reeled and I felt as
if I would fly into a million vibrating
fragments, like the bursting of a globe
of brittle steel. Like fire, like hell-
fire the elixir raced along my veins
and I was a giant! monster! a super-
man!

  Turning, I strode to the menacing,
shadowy doorway. I had no plan; I
felt the need of none. As a drunken
man walks blithely into danger, I
strode to the lair of the Scorpion,
magnificently aware of my superior-
ity, imperially confident of my stimu-
lation and sure as the unchanging
stars that the way would open before
me.

  Oh, there never was a superman
like that who knocked commandingly
on the door of Soho 48 that night in
the rain and the fog!

  I knocked four times, the old signal
that we slaves had used to be ad-
mitted into the idol room at Yun
Shatu’s. An aperture opened in the
center of the door and slanted eyes
looked warily out. They slightly
widened as the owner recognized me,
then narrowed wickedly.

  “You fool! ” I said angrily. “Don’t
you see the mark?”

  I held my hand to the aperture.

  “Don’t you recognize me? Let me
in, curse you.”

  I think the very boldness of the
trick made for its success. Surely by
now all the Scorpion’s slaves knew of
Stephen Costigan’s rebellion, knew
that he was marked for death. And
the very fact that I came there, in-
viting doom, confused the doorman.

  The door opened and I entered.
The man who had admitted me was a
tall, lank Chinaman I had known as
a servant of Kathulos. He closed the
door behind me and I saw we stood
in a sort of vestibule, lighted by a
dim lamp whose glowT could not be
seen from the street for the reason
that the windows were heavily cur-
tained. The Chinaman glowered at
me undecided. I looked at him,
tensed. Then suspicion flared in his
eyes and his hand flew to his sleeve.
But at the instant I was on him and
his lean neck broke like a rotten
bough between my hands.

1 eased his corpse to the thickly car-
peted floor and listened. No sound
broke the silence. Stepping as stealth-
ily as a wolf, fingers spread like
talons, I stole into the next room.
This was furnished in Oriental style,
with couches and rugs and gold-
worked drapery, but was empty of
human life. I crossed it and went into
the next one. Light flowed softly from
the censers which wrere swung from
the ceiling, and the Eastern rugs
deadened the sound of my footfalls;
I seemed to be moving through a
castle of enchantment.

  Every moment I expected a rush of
silent assassins from the doorways or
from behind the curtains or screens
with their writhing dragons. Utter si-
lence reigned. Room after room I ex-
plored and at last halted at the foot
of the stairs. The inevitable censer
shed an uncertain light, but most of
the stairs were veiled in shadows.
What horrors awaited me above?
SKULL-FACE

813

  But fear and the elixir are stran-
gers and I mounted that stair of lurk-
ing terror as boldly as I had entered
that house of terror. The upper rooms
I found to be much like those below
and with them they had this fact in
common: they were empty of human
life. I sought an attic but there
seemed no door letting into one. Re-
turning to the first floor, I made a
search for an entrance into the base-
ment, but again my efforts were fruit-
less. The amazing truth was borne in
upon me: except for myself and the
dead man who lay sprawled so gro-
tesquely in the outer vestibule, there
were no men in that house, dead or
living.

  I could not understand it. Had the
house been bare of furniture I should
have reached the natural conclusion
that Kathulos had fled—but no signs
of flight met my eye. This was un-
natural, uncanny. I stood in the
great shadowy library and pondered.
No, I had made no mistake in the
houses. Even if the broken corpse in
the vestibule were not there to fur-
nish mute testimony, everything in
the room pointed toward the presence
of the Master. There were the arti-
ficial palms, the lacquered screen, the
tapestries, even the idol, though now
no incense smoke rose before it. About
the walls were ranged long shelves of
books, bound in strange and costly
fashion—books in every language in
the world, I found from a swift exam-
ination, and oh every subject—outre
and bizarre, most of them.

  Remembering the secret passage in
the Temple of Dreams, I investigated
the heavy mahogany table which stood
in the center of the room. But noth-
ing resulted. A sudden blaze of fury
surged up in me, primitive and un-
reasoning. I snatched a statuette from
the table and dashed it against the
shelf-covered wall. The noise of its
breaking would surely bring the gang
from their hiding-places. But the re-
sult was much more startling than
that!

  The statuette struck the edge of a
shelf and instantly the whole section
of shelves with their load of books
swung silently outward, revealing a
narrow doorway! As in the other
secret door, a row of steps led down-
ward. At another time I would have
shuddered at the thought of descend-
ing, with the horrors of that other
tunnel fresh in my mind, but in-
flamed as I was by the elixir, I strode
forward without an instant’s hes-
itancy.

  Since there was no one in the
house, they must be somewhere in the
tunnel or in whatever lair to which
the tunnel led. I stepped through the
doorway, leaving the door open; the
police might find it that way and
follow me, though somehow I felt as
if mine would be a lone hand from
start to grim finish.

  I went down a considerable dis-
tance and then the stair debouched
into a level corridor some twenty feet
wide—a remarkable thing. In spite
of the width, the ceiling was rather
low and from it hung small, curious-
ly shaped lamps which' filing a. dim
light. I stalked hurriedly along the
corridor like old Death seeking vic-
tims, and as I went I noted the work
of the thing. The floor was of great
broad flags and the walls seemed to
be of huge blocks of evenly set stone.
This passage was clearly no work of
modern days; the slaves of Kathulos
never tunneled there. Some secret
way of mediaeval times, I thought—
and after all, who knows what cata-
combs lie below London, whose secrets
are greater and darker than those of
Babylon and Rome?

  On and on I went, and now I knew
that I must be far below the earth.
The air was dank and heavy, and
cold moisture dripped from the
stones of walls and ceiling. From time
to time I saw smaller passages lead-
ing away in the darkness but I deter-
mined to keep to the larger main one.

  A ferocious impatience gripped me.
I seemed to have been walking for
814

WEIRD TALES

hours and still only dank damp walls
and bare flags and guttering lamps
met my eyes. I kept a close watch for
sinister-appearing chests or the like—
saw no such things.

  Then as I was about to burst into
savage curses, another stair loomed up
in the shadows in front of me.

19.	Dark Fury

   “The ringed wolf glared tlie circle round
      Through baleful, blue-lit eye,

   Not unforgetful of his debt.

  Quoth he, ‘I’ll do some damage yet
     Or ere my turn to die!’”

—Mundy

Like a lean wolf I glided up the
stairs. Some twenty feet up there
was a sort of landing from which
other corridors diverged, much like
the lower one by which I had come.
The thought came to me that the
earth below London must be honey-
combed with such secret passages, one
above the other.

  Some feet above this landing the
steps halted at a door, and here I
hesitated, uncertain as to whether I
should chance knocking or not. Even
as I meditated, the door began to
open. I shrank back against the wall,
flattening myself out as much as
possible. The door swung wide and
a Moor came through. Only a glimpse
I had of the room beyond, out of the
corner of my eye, but my unnaturally
alert senses registered the fact that
the room was empty.

  And on the instant, before he could
turn, I smote the Moor a single death-
ly blow behind the angle of the jaw-
bone and he toppled headlong down
the stairs, to lie in a crumpled heap
on tlxe landing, his limbs tossed gro-
tesquely about.

  My left hand caught the door as it
started to slam shut and in an in-
stant I was through and standing in
the room beyond. As I had thought,
there were no occupants of this room.
I crossed it swiftly and entered the
next. These rooms were furnished in

a manner before which the furnish-
ings of the Soho house paled into in-
significance. Barbaric, terrible, un-
holy—these words alone convey some
slight idea of the ghastly sights which
met my eyes. Skulls, bones and com-
plete skeletons formed much of the
decorations, if such they were. Mum-
mies leered from their cases and
mounted reptiles ranged the walls.
Between these sinister relics hung
African shields of hide and bamboo,
crossed with assagais and war dag-
gers. Here and there reared obscene
idols, black and horrific.

 And in between and scattered
about among these evidences of sav-
agery and barbarism were vases,
screens, rugs and hangings of the
highest Oriental workmanship; a
strange and incongruous effect.

  I had passed through two of these
rooms without seeing a human being,
when I came to stairs leading up-
ward. Up these I went, several
flights, until I came to a door in a
ceiling. I wondered if I were still
under the earth. Surely the first
stairs had let into a house of some
sort. I raised the door cautiously.
Starlight met my eyes and I drew
myself warily up and out. There I
halted. A broad fiat roof stretched
away on all sides and beyond its rim
on all sides glimmered the lights of
London. Just what building I was on,
I had no idea, but that it was a tall
one I could tell, for I seemed to be
above most of the lights I saw. Then
I saw that I was not alone.

  Over against the shadows of the
ledge that ran around the roof’s
edge, a great menacing form bulked
in the starlight. A pair of eyes
glinted at me with a light not wholly
sane; the starlight glanced silver from
a curving length of steel. Yar Khan
the Afghan killer fronted me in the
silent shadows.

  A fierce wild exultation surged over
me. Now I could begin to pay the
debt I owed Kathulos and all his hell-
ish band! The dope fired my veins
SKULL-FACE

815

and sent waves of inhuman power and
dark fury through me. A spring and
I was on my feet in a silent, deathly
rush.

  Yar Khan was a giant, taller and
bulkier than I. He held a tulwar,
and from the instant I saw him I
knew that he was full of the dope to
the use of which he was addicted—
heroin.

  As I came in he swung his heavy
weapon high in air, but ere he could
strike I seized his sword wrist in an
iron grip and with my free hand
drove smashing blows into his midriff.

  Of that hideous battle, fought in
silence above the sleeping city with
only the stars to see, I remember
little. I remember tumbling back and
forth, locked in a death embrace. I
remember the stiff beard rasping my
flesh as his dope-fired eyes gazed
wildly into mine. I remember the
taste of hot blood in my mouth, the
tang of fearful exultation in my soul,
the onrushing and upsurging of in-
human strength and fury.

  God, what a sight for a human eye,
had anyone looked upon that grim
roof where two human leopards, dope
maniacs, tore each other to pieces!

  I remember his arm breaking like
rotten wood in my grip and the tul-
war falling from his useless hand.
Handicaped by a broken arm, the
end was inevitable, and with one wild
uproaring flood of might, I rushed
him to the edge of the roof and bent
him backward far out over the ledge.
An instant we struggled there; then
I tore loose his hold and hurled him
over, and one single shriek came up
as he hurtled into the darkness below.

  I stood upright, arms hurled up
toward the stars, a terrible statue of
primordial triumph. And down my
breast trickled streams of blood from
the long wounds left by the Afghan’s
frantic nails, on neck and face.

  Then I turned with the craft of
the maniac. Had no one heard the
sound of that battle? My eyes were
on the door through which I had

come, but a noise made me turn, and
for the first time I noticed a small
affair like a tower jutting up from
the roof. There was no window
there, but there was a door, and even
as I looked that door opened and a
huge black form framed itself in the
light that streamed from within.
Hassim!

  He stepped out on the roof and
closed the door, his shoulders hunched
and neck outthrust as he glanced this
way and that. I struck him senseless
to the roof with one hate-driven
smash. I crouched over him, waiting
some sign of returning consciousness;
then away in the sky, close to the
horizon, I saw a faint red tint. The
rising of the moon!

  Where in God’s name was Gordon?
Even as I stood undecided, a strange
noise reached me. It was curiously
like the droning of many bees.

  Striding in the direction from
which it seemed to come, I crossed the
roof and leaned over the ledge. A
sight nightmarish and incredible met
my eyes.

  Some twenty feet below' the level
of the roof on which I stood, there
was another roof, of the same size and
clearly a part of the same building.
On one side it was bounded by the
wall; on the other three sides a
parapet several feet high took the
place of a ledge.

  A great throng of people stood, sat
and squatted, close-packed on the
roof—and without exception they
were negroes! There were hundreds
of them, and it wras their low-voiced
conversation which I had heard. But
what held my gaze was that upon
which their eyes were fixed.

  About the center of the roof rose a
sort of teocalli some ten feet high,
almost exactly like those found in
Mexico and on which the priests of
the Aztecs sacrificed human victims.
This, allowing for its infinitely
smaller scale, was an exact type of
those sacrificial pyramids. On the flat
top of it was a curiously carved altar,
816

WEIRD TALES

and beside it stood a lank, dusky
form whom even the ghastly mask he
wore could not disguise to my gaze—
Santiago, the Haiti voodoo fetish man.
On the altar lay John Gordon,
stripped to the waist and bound
hand and foot, but conscious.

I reeled back from the roof edge,
rent in twain by indecision. Even
the stimulus of the elixir was not
equal to this. Then a sound brought
me about to see Hassim struggling
dizzily to his knees. I reached him
with two long strides and ruthlessly
smashed him down again. Then I
noticed a queer sort of contrivance
dangling from his girdle. I bent and
examined it. It was a mask similar
to that worn by Santiago. Then my
mind leaped swift and sudden to a
wild desperate plan, which to my
dope-ridden brain seemed not at all
wild or desperate. I stepped softly to
the tower and, opening the door,
peered inward. I saw no one who
might need to be silenced, but I saw
a long silken robe hanging upon a peg
in the wall. The luck of the dope
fiend! I snatched it and closed the
door again. Hassim showed no signs
of consciousness but I gave him an-
other smash on the chin to make sure
and, seizing his mask, hurried to the
ledge.

  A low guttural chant floated up to
me, jangling, barbaric, with an
undertone of maniacal blood-lust. The
negroes, men and women, were sway-
ing back and forth to the wild rhythm
of their death chant. On the teocalli
Santiago stood like a statue of black
basalt, facing the east, dagger held
high—a wild and terrible sight, naked
as he was save for a wide silken girdle
and that inhuman mask on his face.
The moon thrust a red rim above the
eastern horizon and a faint breeze
stirred the great black plumes which
nodded above the voodoo man’s mask.
The chant of the worshipers dropped
to a low, sinister whisper.

  I hurriedly slipped on the death

mask, gathered the robe close about
me and prepared for the descent. I
was prepared to drop the full dis-
tance, being sure in the superb con-
fidence of my insanity that I would
land unhurt, but as I climbed over
the ledge I found a steel ladder lead-
ing down. Evidently Hassim, one of
the voodoo priests, intended descend-
ing this way. So down I went, and
in haste, for I knew that the instant
the moon’s lower rim cleared the city’s
skyline, that motionless dagger would
descend into Gordon’s breast.

  Gathering the robe close about me
so as to conceal my white skin, I
stepped down upon the roof and
strode forward through rows of black
worshipers who shrank aside to let
me through. To the foot of the teo-
calli I stalked and up the stairs that
ran about it, until I stood beside the
death altar and marked the dark red
stains upon it. Gordon lay on his
back, his eyes open, his face drawn
and haggard, but his gaze dauntless
and unflinching.

  Santiago’s eyes blazed at me
through the slits of his mask, but I
read no suspicion in his gaze until I
reached forward and took the dagger
from his hand. He was too much
astonished to resist, and the black
throng fell suddenly silent. That he
saw my hand was not that of a negro
it is certain, but he was simply
struck speechless with astonishment.
Moving swiftly I cut Gordon’s bonds
and hauled him erect. Then Santiago
with a shriek leaped upon me—
shrieked again and, arms flung high,
and pitched headlong from the teocalli
with his own dagger buried to the hilt
in his breast.

  Then the black worshipers were on
us with a screech and a roar—leaping
on the steps of the teocalli like black
leopards in the moonlight, knives
flashing, eyes gleaming whitely.

  I tore mask and robe from me and
answered Gordon’s exclamation with
a wild laUgh. I had hoped that by
virtue of my disguise I might get us
SKULL-FACE

817

both safely away but now I was con-
tent to die there at his side.

  He tore a great metal ornament
from the altar, and as the attackers
came lie wielded this. A moment we
held them at bay and then they
flowed over us like a black wave. This
to me was Valhalla! Knives stung
me and blackjacks smashed against
me, but I laughed and drove my
iron fists in straight, steam-hammer
smashes that shattered flesh and bone.
I saw Gordon’s crude weapon rise
and fall, and each time a man went
down. Skulls shattered and blood
splashed and the dark fury swept
over me. Nightmare faces swirled
about me and I was on my knees; up
again and the faces crumpled before
my blows. Through far mists I
seemed to hear a hideous familiar
voice raised in imperious command.

  Gordon was swept away from me
but from the sounds I knew that the
work of death still went on. The stars
reeled through fogs of blood, but
hell’s exaltation was on me and I
reveled in the dark tide of fury until
a darker, deeper tide swept over me
and I knew no more.

20.	Ancient Horror

“Here now in his triumph where all things
     falter,

   Stretched out on the spoils that his own
     hand spread,

As a God self-slain on his own strange
     altar,

   Death lies dead.”

—Swinburne.

Olowly I drifted back into life—
^ slowly, slowly. A mist held me

and in the mist I saw a Skull-

  I lay in a steel cage like a captive
wolf, and the bars were too strong, I
saw, even for my strength. The cage
seemed to be set in a sort, of niche in
the wall and I was looking into a
large room. This room was under the
earth, for the floor was of stone flags
and the walls and ceilings were com-
posed of gigantic blocks of the same

material. Shelves ranged the walls,
    VV. T.—3

covered with weird appliances, ap-
parently of a scientific nature, and
more were on the great table that
stood in the center of th? room. Be-
side this sat Kathulos.

  The Sorcerer was clad in a snaky
yellow robe, and those hideous hands
and that terrible head were more pro-
nouncedly reptilian than ever. He
turned his great yellow eyes toward
me, like pools of livid fire, and his
parchment-thin lips moved in what
probably passed for a smile.

  I staggered erect and gripped the
bars, cursing.

  “Gordon, curse you, where is Gor-
don ? ’ ’

  Kathulos took a test-tube from the
table, eyed it closely and emptied it
into another.

  “Ah, my friend awakes,” he mur-
mured in his voice—the voice of a liv-
ing dead man.

  He thrust his hands into his long
sleeves and turned fully to me.

  “I think in you,” he said distinct-
ly, “I have created a Frankenstein
monster. I made of you a super-
human creature to serve my wishes
and you broke from me. You are the
bane of my might, worse than Gordon
even. You have killed valuable ser-
vants and interfered with my plans.
However, your evil comes to an end
tonight. Your friend Gordon broke
away but he is being hunted through
the tunnels and can not escape.

  “You,” he continued with the sin-
cere interest of the scientist, “are a
most interesting subject. Your brain
must be formed differently from any
other man that ever lived. I will make
a close study of it and add it to my
laboratory. How a man, with the ap-
parent need of the elixir in his sys-
tem, has managed to go on for two
days still stimulated by the last draft
is more than I can understand.”

  My heart leaped. With all his wis-
dom, little Zuleika had tricked him
and he evidently did not know that
she had filched a flask of the life-giv-
ing stuff from him.
818

WEIRD TALES

   “The last draft you had from me,”
 he went on, “was sufficient only for
 some eight hours. I repeat, it lias me
 puzzled. Can you offer any sug-
 gestion ?’'

   I snarled wordlessly. He sighed.

   “As always the barbarian. Truly
 the proverb speaks: ‘Jest with the
 wounded tiger and warm the adder
 in your bosom before you seek to lift
 the savage from his savagery.’ ”

   He meditated awhile in silence. I
 vatched hini uneasily. There was
 t.Dout him a vague and curious differ-
 ence—his long fingers emerging from
 the sleeves drammed on the chair
 arms and some hidden exultation
 strummed at the back of his voice,
 lending it unaccustomed vibrancy.

   “And you might have been a king
of the new regime,” he said suddenly.
“Aye, the new—new and inhumanly
-old!”

   I	shuddered as his dry cackling
 laugh rasped out.

   He bent his head as if listening.
 From far off seemed to come a hum of
 guttural voices. His lips writhed in
 a smile.

   “My black children,” he mur-
 mured. “They tear my enemy Gor-
 don to pieces in the tunnels. They,
 Mr. Costigan, are my real henchmen
 and it was for their edification to-
 night that I laid John Gordon on the
 sacrificial stone. I would have pre-
 ferred to have made some experi-
 ments with him, based on certain
 scientific theories, but my children
 must be humored. Later under my
 tutelage they will outgrow their child-
 ish superstitions and throw aside
 their foolish customs, but now they
 must be led gently by the hand.

   “How do you like these under-the-
 earth corridors, Mr. Costigan?” he
 switched suddenly. “You thought of
 them—what? No doubt that the
 white savages of your Middle Ages
 built them? Faugh! These tunnels
 are older than your world! They were
 brought into being by mighty kings,
 too many eons ago for your mind to

grasp, when an imperial city
towered where now this crude village
of London stands. All trace of that
metropolis has crumbled to dust and
vanished, but these corridors were
built by more than human skill—ha
ha! Of all the teeming thousands
who move daily above them, none
knows of their existence save my ser-
vants—and not all of them. Zuleika,
for instance, does not know of them,
for of late I have begun to doubt her
loyalty and shall doubtless soon make
of her an example.”

  At that I hurled myself blindly
against the side of the cage, a red
wave of hate and fury tossing me in
its grip. I seized the bars and
strained until the veins stood out on
my forehead and the muscles bulged
and crackled in my arms and shoul-
ders. And the bars bent before my
onslaught—a little but no more, and
finally the power flowed from my
limbs and I sank down trembling and
weakened. Kathulos watched me im-
perturbably.

 “The bars hold,” he announced
with something almost like relief in
his tone. ‘ ‘ Frankly, I prefer to be on
the opposite side of them. You are a
human ape if there was ever one.”

  He laughed suddenly and wildly.

  “But why do you seek to oppose
me ? ” he shrieked unexpectedly. ‘ ‘ Why
defy me, who am Kathulos, the Sor-
cerer, great even in the days of the
old empire? Today, invincible! A
magician, a scientist, among ignorant
savages! Ha ha!”

  I	shuddered, and sudden blinding
light broke in on me. Kathulos him-
self was an addict, and was fired by
the stuff of his choice! What hellish
concoction was strong enough, terrible
enough to thrill the Master and in-
flame him, I do not know, nor do I
wish to know. Of all the uncanny
knowledge that was his, I, knowing
the man as I did, count this the most
weird and grisly.

  “You, you paltry fool!” he was
ranting, his face lit sUpematurally.
SKULL-FACE

819

“Know yon who I am? Kathulos of
Egypt! Bah! They knew me in the
old days! I reigned in the dim misty
sea lands ages and ages before the sea
rose and engulfed the land. I died,
not as men die; the magic draft of
life everlasting was ours! I drank
deep and slept. Long I slept in my
lacquered case! My flesh withered
and grew hard; my blood dried in my
veins. I became as one dead. But
still within me bumed the spirit of
life, sleeping but anticipating the
awakening. The great cities crum-
bled to dust. The sea drank the land.
The tall shrines and the lofty spires
sank beneath the green waves. All
this I knew as I slept, as a man knows
in dreams. Kathulos of Egypt?
Faugh! Kathulos of Atlantis!”

  I uttered a sudden involuntary cry.
This was too grisly for sanity.

  “Aye, the magician, the Sorcerer.

  “And down the long years of sav-
agery, through which the barbaric
races struggled to rise without their
masters, the legend came of the day of
empire, when one of the Old Race
would rise up from the sea. Aye, and
lead to victory the black people who
were our slaves in the old days.

  “These brown and yellow people,
what care I for them? The blacks
were the slaves of my race, and I am
their god today. They will obey me.
The yellow and the brown peoples are
fools—I make them my tools and the
day will come when my black war-
riors will turn on them and slay at
my word. And you, you white bar-
barians, whose ape-ancestors forever
defied my race and me, your doom is
at hand! And when I mount my uni-
versal throne, the only whites shall be
white slaves!

  ‘ ‘ The day came as prophesied, when
my case, breaking free from the halls
where it lay—where it had lain when
Atlantis was still sovran of the world
—where since her empery it had sunk
into the green fathoms — when my
case, I say, was smitten by the deep
sea tides and moved and stirred, and

thrust aside the clinging seaweed that
masks temples and minarets, and
came floating up past the lofty sap-
phire and golden spires, up through
the green waters, to float upon the
lazy waves of the sea.

  “Then came a white fool carrying
out the destiny of which he was not
aware. The men on his ship, true be-
lievers, knew that the time had come.
And I—the air entered my nostrils
and I awoke from the long, long sleep.
I stirred and moved and lived. And
rising in the night, I slew the fool that
had lifted me from the ocean, and my
servants made obeisance to me and
took me into Africa, where I abode
awhile and learned new languages and
new ways of a new world and became
strong.

  4	‘ The wisdom of your dreary world
—ha ha! I who delved deeper in the
mysteries of the old than any man
dared go! All that men know today,
I know, and the knowledge beside that
which I have brought down the cen-
turies is as a grain of sand beside a
mountain! You should know some-
thing of that knowledge! By it I
lifted you from one hell to plunge
you into a greater! You fool, here at
my hand is that which would lift you
from this! Aye, would strike from
you the chains whereby I have bound
you!”

TT e snatched up a golden vial and
shook it before my gaze. I eyed
it as men dying in the desert must
eye the distant mirages. Kathulos
fingered it meditatively. His un-
natural excitement seemed to have
passed suddenly, and when he spoke
again it was in the passionless, meas-
ured tones of the scientist.

  “That would indeed be an experi-
ment worth while—to free you of the
elixir habit and see if your dope-
riddled body would sustain life. Nine
times out of ten the victim, with the
need and stimulus removed, would
die—but you are such a giant of a
brute-”
820

WEIRD TALES

  He sighed and set the vial down.

  “The dreamer opposes the man of
destiny. My time is not my own or I
should choose to spend my life pent
in my laboratories, carrying out my
experiments. But now, as in the days
of the old empire when kings sought
my counsel, I must work and labor
for the good of the race at large. Aye,
I must toil and sow the seed of glory
against the full coming of the im-
perial days when the seas give up all
their living dead.”

  I shuddered. Kathulos laughed
wildly again. His. fingers began to
drum his chair arms and his face
gleamed with the unnatural light
once more. The red visions had begun
to seethe in his skull again.

  “Under the green seas they lie, the
ancient masters, in their lacquered
cases, dead as men reckon death, but
only sleeping. Sleeping through the
long ages as hours, awaiting the day
of awakening! The old masters, the
wise men, who foresaw the day when
the sea should gulp the land, and who
made ready. Made ready that they
might rise again in the barbaric days
to come. As did I. Sleeping they lie,
ancient kings and grim wizards, who
died as men die, before Atlantis sank.
Who, sleeping, sank with her but who
shall arise again!

  “Mine the glory! I rose first. And
I sought out the site of old cities, on
shores that did not sink. Vanished,
long vanished. The barbarian tide
swept over them thousands of years
ago as the green waters swept over
their elder sister of the deeps. On
some the deserts stretch bare. Over
some, as here, young barbarian cities
rise.”

  He halted suddenly. His eyes
sought one of the dark openings that
marked a corridor. I think his strange
intuition warned him of some impend-
ing danger but I do not believe that
he had any inkling of how dramatic-
ally our scene would be interrupted.

  As he looked, swift footsteps sound-
ed and a man appeared suddenly in

the doorway—a man disheveled, tat-
tered and bloody. John Gordon!
Kathulos sprang erect with a cry, and
Gordon, gasping as from superhuman
exertion, brought down the l'evolver
he held in his hand and fired point-
blank. Kathulos staggered, clapping
his hand to his breast, and then, grop-
ing wildly, reeled to the wall and fell
against it. A doorway opened and he
reeled through, but as Gordon leaped
fiercely across the chamber, a blank
stone surface met his gaze, which
yielded not to his savage hammerings.

  He whirled and ran drunkenly to
the table where lay a bunch of keys
the Master had dropped there.

   ‘ * The vial! ” I shrieked. * ‘ Take the
vial! ’ ’ And he thrust it into his
pocket.

  Back along the corridor through
which he had come sounded a faint
clamor growing swiftly like a wolf-
pack in full cry. A few precious sec-
onds spent with fumbling for the
right key, then the cage door swung
open and I sprang out. A sight for
the gods we were, the two of us!
Slashed, bruised and cut, our gar-
ments hanging in tatters—my wounds
had ceased to bleed, but now as I
moved they began again, and from
the stiffness of my hands I knew that
my knuckles were shattered. As for
Gordon, he was fairly drenched in
blood from crown to foot.

TUe made off down a passage in

  » » the opposite direction from the
menacing noise, which I knew to be
the black servants of the Master in
full pursuit of us. Neither of us was
in good shape for running, but we
did our best. Where we were going
I had no idea. My superhuman
strength had deserted me and I was
going nowr on will-power alone. We
switched off into another corridor and
we had not gone twenty steps until,
looking back, I saw the first of the
black devils round the corner.

  A desperate effort increased our
lead a trifle. But they had seen us,
SKULL-FACE

821

were in full view now, and a yell of
fury broke from them to be succeeded
by a more sinister silencc as they bent
all efforts to overhauling us.

  There a short distance in front of
us we saw a stair loom suddenly in
the gloom. If we might reach that—
but we saw something else.

  Against the ceiling, between us and
the stairs, hung a huge thing like an
iron grill, with great spikes along the
bottom—a portcullis. And even as we
looked, without halting in our pant-
ing strides, it began to move.

  “They’re lowering the portcullis!”
Gordon croaked, his blood-streaked
face a mask of exhaustion and will.

  Now the blacks were only ten feet
behind us—now the huge grate, gain-
ing momentum, with a creak of rusty,
unused mechanism, rushed down-
ward. A final spurt, a gasping strain-
ing nightmare of effort—and Gordon,
sweeping us both along in a wild burst
of pure nerve-strength, hurled us
under and through, and the grate
crashed behind us!

  A moment we lay gasping, not heed-
ing the frenzied horde who raved and
screamed on the other side of the
grate. So close had that final leap
been, that the great spikes in their
descent had tom shreds from our
clothing.

  The blacks were thrusting at us with
daggers through the bars, but we were
out of reach and it seemed to me that
I was content to lie there and die of
exhaustion. But Gordon weaved un-
steadily erect and hauled me with
him.

  “Got to get out,” he croaked; “got
to warn—Scotland Yard—honey-
combs in heart of London—high ex-
plosives—arms—ammunition. ’ ’

  We blundered up the steps, and in
front of us I seemed to hear a sound
of metal grating against metal. The
stairs ended abruptly, on a landing
that terminated in a blank wall.
Gordon hammered against this and
the inevitable secret doorway opened.
Light streamed in, through the bars

of a sort of grille. Men in the uniform
of London police were sawing at these
with hacksaws, and even as they
greeted us, an opening was made
through which wre crawled.

  “You’re hurt, sir!” One of the
men took Gordon’s arm.

  My companion shook him off.

  “There’s no time to lose! Out of
here, as quick as we can go!”

  I saw that we were in a basement
of some sort. We hastened up the
steps and out into the early dawn
which was turning the east scarlet.
Over the tops of smaller houses I saw
in the distance a great gaunt building
on the roof of which, I felt instinctive-
ly, that wild drama had been enacted
the night before.

  “That building was leased some
months ago by a mysterious China-
man,” said Gordon, following my
gaze. “Office building originally—
the neighborhood deteriorated and the
building stood vacant for some time.
The new tenant added several stories
to it but left it apparently empty.
Had my eye on it for some time.”

  This was told in Gordon’s jerky
swift manner as we started hurriedly
along the sidewalk. I listened me-
chanically, like a man in a trance.
My vitality was ebbing fast and I
knew that I was going to crumple at
any moment.

  “The people living in the vicinity
had been reporting strange sights and
noises. The man who owned the base-
ment we just left heard queer sounds
emanating from the wall of the base-
ment and called the police. About
that time I was racing back and forth
among those cursed corridors like it
hunted rat and I heard the police
banging on the wall. I found the
secret door and opened it but found
it barred by a grating. It was while
I was telling the astounded policemen
to procure a hacksaw7 that the pur-
suing negroes, whom I had eluded for
the moment, came into sight and I
was forced to shut the door and run
for it again. By pure luck I founJ
822

WEIRD TALES

you and by pure luck managed to
find the way back to the door.

 “Now we must get to Scotland
Yard. If we strike swiftly, we may
capture the entire band of devils.
Whether I killed Kathulos or not I do
not know, or if he can be killed by
mortal weapons. But to the best of
my knowledge all of them are now
in those subterranean corridors

and-”

  At that moment the world shook!
A brain-shattering roar seemed to
break the sky with its incredible de-
tonation ; houses tottered and crashed
to ruins; a mighty pillar of smoke
and flame burst from the earth and
on its wings great masses of debris
soared skyward. A black fog of smoke
and dust and falling timbers en-
veloped the world, a prolonged thun-
der seemed to rumble up from the
center of the earth as of walls and
ceilings falling, and amid the uproar
and the screaming I sank down and
knew no more.

  21.	The Breaking of the Chain

       “And like a soul belated,

      In heaven and hell unmated,

       By cloud and mist abated,

         Comes out of darkness morn.”

,	—Swinburne.

There is little need to linger on the
scenes of horror of that terrible
London morning. The world is fa-
miliar with and knows most of the
details attendant to the great explo-
sion which wiped out a tenth of that
great city with a resultant loss of
lives and property. For such a hap-
pening some reason must needs be
given; the tale of the deserted build-
ing got out, and many wild stories
were circulated. Finally, to still the
rumors, the report was unofficially
given out that this building had been
the rendezvous and secret stronghold
of a gang of international anarchists,
who had stored its basement full of
high explosives and who had sup-
posedly ignited these accidentally. In
a way there was a good deal to this

tale, as you know, but the threat that
had lurked there far transcended any
anarchist.

  All this was told to me, for when I
sank unconscious, Gordon, attribut-
ing my condition to exhaustion and a
need of the hashish to the use of which
he thought I was addicted, lifted me
and with the aid of the stunned po-
licemen got me to his rooms before
returning to the scene of the explo-
sion. At his rooms he found Hansen,
and Zuleika handcuffed to the bed as
I had left her. He released her and
left her to tend to me, for all London
was in a terrible turmoil and he was
needed elsewhere.

  When I came to myself at last, I
looked up into her starry eyes and
lay quiet, smiling up at her. She sank
down upon my bosom, nestling my
head in her arms and covering my
face with her kisses.

  “Steephen!” she sobbed over and
over, as her tears splashed hot on my
face.

  I was scarcely strong enough to put
my arms about her but I managed it,
and we lay there for a space, in
silence except for the girl’s hard,
racking sobs.

  “Zuleika, I love you,” I mur-
mured.

  “And I love you, Steephen,” she
sobbed. “Oh, it is so hard to part
now — but I’m going with you,
Steephen; I can’t live without you!”

  “My dear child,” said John Gor-
don, entering the room suddenly,
“Costigan’s not going to die. We will
let him have enough hashish to tide
him along, and when he is stronger
we will take him off the habit slowly.”

  “You don’t understand, sahib; it
is not hashish Steephen must have. It
is something which only the Master
knew, and now that he is dead or is
fled, Steephen can not get it and must
die. ’ ’

  Gordon shot a quick, uncertain
glance at me. His fine face was drawn
and haggard, his clothes sooty and
SKULL-FACE

torn from his work among the debris
of the explosion.

  “She's right, Gordon,” I said
languidly, “I'm dying. Kathulos
killed the hashish-craving with a con-
coction he called the elixir. I've been
keeping myself alive 011 some of the
stuff that Zuleika stole from him and
gave me,but I drank it all last night.”

  I was aware of no craving of any
kind, 110 physical or mental discom-
fort even. All my mechanism was
slowing down fast; I had passed the
stage where the need of the elixir
would tear and rend me. I felt only a
great lassitude and a desire to sleep.
And I knew that the moment I closed
my eyes, I would die.

  “A strange dope, that elixir,” I
said with growing languor. “It burns
and freezes and then at last the crav-
ing kills easily and without torment.”

  “Costigan, curse it,” said Gordon
desperately, “you can’t go like this!
That vial I took from the Egyptian’s
table—what is in it?”

  “The Master swore it would free
me of my curse and probably kill me
also,” I muttered. “I’d forgotten
about it. Let me have it; it can 110
more than kill me and I’m dying
now. ’ ’

  “Yes, quick, let me have it!” ex-
claimed Zuleika fiercely, springing to
Gordon’s side, her hands passionately
outstretched. She returned with the
vial which he had taken from his
pocket, and knelt beside me, holding
it to my lips, while she murmured to
me gently and soothingly in her owTn
language.

  I drank, draining the vial, but feel-
ing little interest in the whole mat-
ter. My outlook was purely imper-
sonal, at such a low ebb was my life,
and I can not even remember how the
stuff tasted. I only remember feeling
a curious sluggish fire burn faintly
along my veins, and the last thing I
saw was Zuleika crouching over me,
her great eyes fixed with a burning
intensity on me. Her tense little hand
rested inside her blouse, and remem-

bering her vow7 to take her owrn life it'
I died 1 tried to lift a hand and dis-
arm her, tried to tell Gordon to take
away the dagger she had hidden in
her garments. Rut speech and action
failed me and I drifted away into a
curious sea of unconsciousness.

  Of that period I remember nothing.
No sensation fired my sleeping brain
to such an extent as to bridge the
gulf over which I drifted. They say I
lay like a dead man for hours, scarce-
ly breathing, while Zuleika hovered
over me, never leaving my side an
instant, and fighting like a tigress
when anyone tried to coax her away
to rest. Her chain wTas broken.

AS 1 had carried the vision of her
into that dim land of nothingness,
so her dear eyes were the first thing
which greeted my returning con-
sciousness. I was aware of a greater
weakness than 1 thought possible for
a man to feel, as if I had been an
invalid for months, but the life in me,
faint though it was, was sound and
normal, caused by 110 artificial stimu-
lation. I smiled up at my girl and
murmured weakly:

  “Throw away your dagger, little
Zuleika; I’m going to live.”

  She screamed and fell on her knees
beside me. weeping and laughing at
the same time. Women are strange
beings, of mixed and powerful emo-
tions, truly.

  Gordon entered and grasped the
hand which I could not lift from the
bed.

  “You're a ease for an ordinary
human physician now, Costigan,” he
said. “Even a layman like myself can
tell that. For the first time since I’ve
known you, the look in your eyes is
entirely sane. You look like a man who
has had a complete nervous break-
down, and needs about a year of rest
and quiet. Great heavens, man, you’ve
been through enough, outside your
dope experience, to last you a life-
time.”
824

WEIRD TALES

  “Tell me first,” said I: “Was
Kathulos killed in the explosion?”

  “I don’t know,” answered Gordon
somberly. “Apparently the entire
system of subterranean passages was
destroyed. I know my last bullet—
the last bullet that was in the revolver
which I wrested from one of my at-
tackers—found its mark in the Mas-
ter’s body, but whether he died from
the wound, or whether a bullet can
hurt him. I do not know. And
whether in his death agonies he ig-
nited the tons and tons of high ex-
plosives which were stored in the cor-
ridas. or whether the negroes did it
unintentionally, we shall never know.

  “My God, Costigan, did you ever
see -uch a honeycomb? And we know
not how many miles in either direc-
tion the passages reached. Even now
Scotland Yard men are combing the
subways and basements of the town
for secret openings. All known open-
ings, such as the one through which
we came and the one in Soho 48, were
blocked by falling walls. The office
building was simply 1)1 own to atoms.”
“What about the men who raided
Soho 48?”

  “The door in the library wall had
been closed. They found the China-
man you killed, but searched the house
without avail. Lucky for them, too.
else they had doubtless been in the
tunnels when the explosion came, and
perished with the hundreds of negroes
who must have died then.”

  “Every negro in London must have
been there. ’ ’

  “I dare say. Most of them are
voodoo worshipers at heart and the
power the Master -wielded was in-
credible. They died, but what of him?
Was he blown to atoms by the stuff
which he had secretly stored, or
crushed when the stone walls
crumbled and the ceilings came
thundering down ? ’ ’

“There is no way to search among
those subterranean ruins, I suppose?”
“None whatever. When the walls
caved in, the tons of earth upheld by

the ceilings also came crashing down,
filling the corridors with dirt and
broken stone, blocking them forever.
And on the surface of the earth, the
houses which the vibration shook
down were heaped high in utter ruins.
What happened in those terrible cor-
ridors must remain forever a mys-
tery. ’ ’

IV/Ty tale draws to a close. The
- *months that followed passed un-
eventfully, except for the growing
happiness which to me was paradise,
but which would bore you were I to
relate it. But one day Gordon and I
again discussed the mysterious hap-
penings that had had their being
under the grim hand of the Master.

  “Since that day,” said Gordon,
‘ ‘ the world has been quiet. Africa has
subsided and the East seems to have
returned to her ancient sleep. There
can be but one answer—living or
dead, Kathulos was destroyed that
morning when his world crashed
about him.”

  “Gordon,” said I, “what is the
answer to that greatest of all mys-
teries?”

  My friend shrugged his shoulders.

  “I have come to believe that man-
kind eternally hovers on the brinks of
secret oceans of which it knows
nothing. Races have lived and van-
ished before our race rose out of the
slime of the primitive, and it is likely
still others will live upon the earth
after ours has vanished. Scientists
have long upheld the theory that the
Atlanteans possessed a higher civiliza-
tion than our own, and on very differ-
ent. lines. Certainly Kathulos himself
was proof that our boasted culture
and knowledge were nothing beside
that of whatever fearful civilization
produced him.

  “His dealings with you alone have
puzzled all the scientific world, for
none of them has been able to explain
how he could remove the hashish crav-
hlg, stimulate you with a drug so in-
finitely more powerful, and then pro-
SKULL-FACE

825

duce another drug which entirely
effaced the effects of the other.”

  “X have him to thank for two
things,” I said slowly; “the regain-
ing of my lost manhood—and Zuleika.
Kathulos, then, is dead, as far as any
mortal thing can die. But what of
those others—those ‘ancient masters’
who still sleep in the sea?”

  Gordon shuddered.

  “As I said, perhaps mankind loiters
on the brink of unthinkable chasms of
horror. But a fleet of gunboats is
even now patrolling the oeeans un-
obtrusively, with orders to destroy
instantly any strange case that may
be found floating—to destroy it and
its contents. And if my word has any
weight with the English government
and the nations of the world, the seas
will be so patrolled until doomsday
shall let down the curtain on the races
of today.”

  “At night I dream of them, some-
times,” I muttered, “sleeping in their
lacquered eases, which drip with
strange seaweed, far down among the
green surges — where unholy spires
and strange towers rise in the dark
ocean.”

  “We have been face to face with an

ancient horror,” said Gordon somber-
ly, “with a fear too dark and myste-
rious for the human brain to cope
with. Fortune has been with us; she
may not again favor the sons of men.
It is best that wo be ever on our
guard. The universe was not made
for humanity alone; life takes strange
phases and it is the first instinct of
nature for the different species to
destroy each other. No doubt we
seemed as horrible to the Master as ho
did to us. Wo have scarcely tapped
the chest of secrets which nature has
stored, and 1 shudder to thing of
what that chest may hold for the
human race.”

  “That’s true,” said I, inwardly re-
joicing at the vigor which was be-
ginning to course through my wasted
veins, “but men will meet obstacles
as they come, as men have always
risen to meet them. Now, I am be-
ginning to know the full worth of life
and love, and not all the devils from
all the abysses can hold me.”

  Gordon smiled.

  “You have it coming to you, old
comrade. The best thing is to forget
all that dark interlude, for in that
course lies light and happiness.”

[THE END]
ShxrftereO

Room

b\)

 EF

Bensoix

“On the bed lay the figure of a man faintly
twitching.”

HUGH LISTER and his wife
had come down from London
to attend the funeral of his
uncle, that strange old hermit of a
man who had lived for the last year
■utterly recluse and indeed practically
unseen in the charming Georgian
louse and high-walled garden, which,
at his death, had now come into pos-
session of his nephew. Two bachelor
brothers, so Hugh remembered, had
originally bought the place, and for
some years had lived together there.
But he knew almost nothing of their
history, though he could recollect see-
ing them both, as a boy, when they
spent the night at his mother’s house
820

in town on their way abroad for some
piece of holiday-travel in which they
annually indulged: grim, odd-looking,
men, much alike, who quarreled about
the price of their tickets, and seemed
considerably to dislike each other.
They lived together, it appeared,
because a joint establishment was
cheaper than two separate houses, and
they had a strong community of
tastes in their love of money, and
their dislike of other people. ...

  Hugh’s fugitive recollection had
now, after the funeral, been rein-
forced and amplified by a talk with
Mr. Hodgkin, his uncle’s solicitor, and
he had learned more of these queer
THE SHUTTERED ROOM

827

brothers. They had lived entirely
withdrawn from the local life of this
little town of Trent horpe: no guest
ever crossed their threshold, nor did
they set foot, at all in the houses of
their neighbors. Seldom were they
ever seen outside their house and gar-
den, and, indeed, not often within,
for their domestic requirements were
provided by a woman who went in
for a few hours every morning to
make their beds and lay their break-
fasts, and cook some food for their
dinner, but she would be busy in the
kitchen when they came downstairs,
and sometimes for days together she
never set eyes on either of them. Ex-
cept for her, the only human being
who for the last four or five years
had had access to any portion of the
premises was the man who had charge
of the furnace in the back yard be-
hind the house which heated the radi-
ators through its rooms and passages.
Every day throughout the year he
must come in the morning and con-
sult the thermometer which hung in a
shaded nook on a wall there, and
should it register below 60° Fahren-
heit, the furnace must be lit, and
stoked twice during the day, before
he paid his final visit at ten o’clock
at night, and made up a fire that
would keep the house warm till morn-
ing again.

  No window ever appeared to be
opened in that hermitage, and seldom
cleaned; the meals were of the most
frugal; an overheated house and com-
plete solitude were all that the broth-
ers asked of life. The man and the
woman who looked after their needs
went for their wages every week to
Mr. Hodgkin, who also discharged for
the brothers their bills and paid for
them the rates and taxes of the free-
hold house. But this dismal frugality
and joylessness was not the consequence
of insufficient means, for they each had
an income of five or six hundred a year,
of which they spent not half. The
rest merely accumulated at the bank,
for they made no investments. One

or other of them was occasionally
seen in the early morning walking by
the bank of the tidal river that swept
under the hill on which Trenthorpe
stood, and debouched into the sea a
mile or two away, but he would have
returned to the house before nine in
the morning, and thereafter appeared
no more.

  Most of this was news to Hugh and
Violet: then Mr. Hodgkin went on to
speak of an event which they knew
had occurred, though the details had
not reached them.

  “That was the manner of life of
your two uncles, Mr. Lister,” he said,
“until a year ago when the mysteri-
ous disappearance of the younger,
Mr. Henry, took place. I had just
come downstairs one morning, and
was beginning my breakfast when
Mr. Robert, whose funeral we have
just attended, was announced. He
had found the front door of his house,
which, as you will presently see
when we visit it, is secured by a multi-
tude of bolts and locks and chains,
standing wide open. It had not been
forced from outside, for the bolts had
been withdrawn from within. He
called to his brother, but got no an-
swer, and ascending to his room,
found that it was empty. His bed had
been slept in, his instruments of toi-
let had been used, but there was no
trace of him anywhere either in the
house or the garden. It seemed most
likely, therefore, that it was he who
had gone out, leaving the door wide,
but this was so extraordinary a thing
for him to have done that Mr. Robert
instantly came round to tell me about
it. It struck me also as so odd that I
rang up the police office, search and
enquiries were made, and within an
hour a cloth cap, which Mr. Robert
identified as belonging to his brother,
was found on the bank of the river,
where sometimes he walked, and next
day his walking-stick was found at
low tide on a sand-shoal a mile farther
down. The tide—it was one of the big
spring-tides—had been at the flood
828

WEIRD TALES

about five o’clock in the morning on
which he disappeared, and assuming
that he left the house soon after that,
it must have been running very strong
to the sea, and the river was dragged
without result. Then came further
evidence, for a laborer in the town
who had gone out to work at day-
break, said that he had seen a man,
answering to the description which
was circulated, crossing the bridge
above the bank where the cap was
found. ’ ’

  ‘‘Was it supposed to have been an
accident?” asked Hugh.

  “There was not sufficient evidence
to make that clear. It is possible
that Mr. Henry might have slipped
while walking along the bank, for
the ground was very miry: on the other
hand, Mr. Robert, in the statement he
made to the police, said that for sev-
eral days his brother had been very
queer in his behavior, and possibly it
was suicide, but there could, of
course, be no inquest, since the body
was never found. Death was presumed
after the due legal period, and by the
will which both your uncles had made,
which was in my keeping, and by
which the survivor of the two was
named as the heir of the deceased, Mr.
Henry’s property passed to his
brother. That was completed only a
few days ago. Previously to that, Mr.
Robert, as you know, had made a fur-
ther will under which you inherit.”

  Mr. Hodgkin paused a moment, but
Hugh had no question to put to him,
and he continued in the same even
voice.

  “After Mr. Henry’s disappear-
ance,” he said, “your surviving uncle
became more recluse than ever, and
once only, as far as T am aware, he
left his house and garden, and that
was when he came to see me to make
his will. The charwoman continued
to go in every morning, but now she
liardly ever saw him. Ho moved from
the bedroom upstairs next to Mr.
Henry’s, both of which looked out on
to the garden, and occupied a small

room on the ground floor looking out
on to the street, and the two bed-
rooms upstairs were locked and the
keys were in his keeping. He similar-
ly locked the two corresponding rooms
on the ground floor which look on to
the garden, though he used them him-
self, and the charwoman left his food
on a small table in the hall outside,
and he took it in after she had gone,
putting the plates and utensils he had
used in the same place for her to wash
up next day. Her range, in fact, was
entirely confined to the kitchen and
your uncle’s bedroom, from which he
had always gone into one of the
locked rooms on the ground floor be-
fore she arrived. If he wanted any-
thing ordered for him, there would be
a note for her on the table by his bed
stating his requirements. So it went
on till last Thursday, the day of his
death. ’ ’

  Again the lawyer paused.

  “It is a painful and terrible ac-
count I have to give you, Mr. Lister,”
he said. “She went to his bedroom as
usual, and found him crouching in a
corner of the room, and he screamed
out with fright, she said, when he saw
her, and kept crying out: ‘No, no!
have mercy on me, Henry!’ Like a
sensible woman she ran straight for
the doctor, and as she went past his
window, she heard him still scream-
ing. Dr.. Soleham was in, and came
at once: your uncle was still in some
wild access of terror, and he slipped
by them, and ran out into the street.
Then quite suddenly he spun round
and collapsed. They brought him back
into the house, and in a few minutes
it was all over.”

Such was the grim manner in which
Hugh Lister entered into his in-
heritance: it was ail horrible and
mysterious enough, but no question
of personal grief or loss came into it,
since he was practically a stranger
to these queer relations of his. Mr.
Hodgkin went into other business
matters with him; there was a con-
THE SHUTTERED ROOM

829

siderable sum of money which was
his, also this house and garden, of
which the house, so the lawyer told
him. was in a state of the most hide-
ous dilapidation and disrepair. Of the
garden he knew nothing, for though
it stood in the middle of the little
town, its high brick walls screened it
from all scrutiny of the houses round,
and the rooms which looked on to it
from the house had long been kept
locked. Hugh and his wife slept that
night at an inn, and next morning
Mr. Hodgkin called to take them over
the property.

  Pitiable indeed was the neglect into
which this charming and dignified
little mansion had fallen. The roof
leaked in a dozen places, the mildewed
paper was peeling off the walls, the
carpets were rotted by damp and
drip: here they were faded by the
sun, here they were mere rags and
ribands. The casement bars of the
windows were perished, the panes so
(■rusted with dust and spiders’ webs
that scarce a glimpse of the street
outside could be seen; doors sagged
on their hinges; a litter of sticks and
straws from the nests of starlings that
had built in the chimneys littered the
hearths; pictures had fallen from the
walls and lay in fragments of splin-
tered glass and broken frames on the
floor. Then there were the four locked
rooms which looked on to the garden,
two upstairs and two below, to be ex-
plored. A bunch of keys was found
in the bedroom below, which Robert
Lister had used, and they began their
investigations upstairs, starting with
the first door on the landing: this was
the room, the charwoman told them,
which Mr. Henry had occupied, and
which had been locked ever since his
disappearance.

  The key grated rustily in the
boards, but soon the door stood open,
and they saw that the room was quite
dark, for the windows were shuttered.
A little fumbling revealed the fasten-
ings, and Hugh, throwing them open,
gave an exclamation of surprize. For

the room, though long closed and
neglected, with sagging ceiling and
damp-stained walls, bore all signs of
use: the bed-clothes, coverlet and
blankets and moldy sheets were still
on the bed, half-turned back, as if its
occupant had only just left it. On the
washstand were sponge and tooth-
brush, and beside it on the floor stood
a brass hot-water can, green with ver-
digris: in the window was a dressing-
table with a looking-glass, blurred and
foggy, and by it a pair of hair-brushes
and a shaving-brush, and a rusty
razor with the dried stain of soap 011
the blade. There were a couple of
pairs of boots, efflorescent with gray
mildew below it; the chest of drawers
was full of clothes. Nothing had been
touched since the morning when
Henry Lister left it, not to return.

  Violet felt a sudden qualm of mis-
giving, coming from she knew not
what secret cell in her brain. The
room, with its dead air and vanished
occupant, was still horribly alive. She
moved across to the window, with the
notion of throwing it open, so that
the wholesome morning breeze could
enter. The windows from having been
shuttered were less opaquely coated
with dust than those below, and she
saw what lay outside.

  “Hugh, look at the garden,” she
called. “It’s a perfect jungle: paths,
lawn, flower-beds all covered with the
wild.”

  He peered out.

  “There’s a job in front of us
then,” he said. “But we’ll take that
after we’ve been through the house.
It’s a queer room, this, Vi.”

 The chamber next door was as
queer: this was the bedroom, said the
charwoman, which Mr. Robert had
occupied when the two brothers were
living together in the house. At Mr.
Henry 's disappearance he had moved
011 to the ground floor into the room
which he used until the day of his
death. This upper room had been
locked up since then: she had not seen
it since the day when Mr. Robert had
830

WEIRD TALES

slept downstairs. His bed had been
moved down, his wardrobe and his
washing-stand: a couple of crazy
chairs alone now stood there, and as in
the room next door, the shutters were
closed when they entered. Mr. Rob-
ert, she told them, had forbidden her
to go upstairs any more when Mr.
Henry left them. Three more bed-
rooms, all absolutely empty of furni-
ture, and a bathroom with brown
stains down the side of the bath below
the taps, completed this floor: the bed-
rooms had never been furnished at all,
as far as she knew, and yet, for all
the emptiness of this story of the
house, it seemed to Violet as if some-
thing followed them as they went
downstairs again.

  There remained for exploration the
two rooms on the ground-floor which
looked out on to the garden, and
which for the last year had always
been kept locked: these were scarcely
more fit for human habitation than
the rest. The dust lay thick every-
where, the carpet was in rags, the
windows bleared with dirt. One must
have been Robert Lister’s dining-
room, for there were pieces of crock-
ery and cutlery on the table, a glass,
and a half-empty bottle of whisky, a
jug of water and a salt-cellar, and a
few tattered books were scattered on
the floor beside it. One window looked
out on to the street, and on the wall
at right angles to that a glass-paned
door led out into the garden. This
was bolted at top and bottom; evi-
dently it had long been in disuse for
entrance and egress, and it was with
difficulty that Hugh managed to push
the bolts back into their rusty grooves.
When that was done, he wrenched the
door open, and it was good to let a
breath of the sweet untainted air of
outside penetrate into that sick and
deadened atmosphere.

  “My uncle never went out into the
town, you tell me,” he said to Mr.
Hodgkin, “and we can see that he
never went into the garden. He must

have lived indoors altogether, and
indoors he never set foot upstairs.
Good God! it’s ghastly: just these
three rooms with no presence there
except his own. Enough to drive a
man mad. And yet he chose to do
it. . . . What’s that?”

  He turned round as he spoke,
wheeling quickly, and went out into
the hall outside. But there was noth-
ing there; a stair perhaps had
creaked, or perhaps it was the yellow-
underwing moth that flapped against
the pane that made him thhxk that
there was something astir.

The garden into which they now
stepped was, as Violet had said,
a mere jungle of wild and riotous
growth, but it was easy to see how de-
lectable a plot it must have been, and
to feel what overgrown charms still
lingered there. It was spacious for
an enclosed space like this, with
streets and houses all round it, a lib-
eral acre in extent, and defended by
its high brick walls from any intru-
sive eye. From no quarter could it be
overlooked, so tall was its mellowed
fencing, and only the peaks of house-
roofs and their chimneys and the vane
on the church-tower peered above the
copings. A broad strip of flower-bed
had once sunned itself along the
house-front, bordered by box-hedg-
ing; a paved walk led by it, and
beyond had been a sti'etch of lawn up
to the farther wall. To the left the
plot had once been divided by a trellis
that now leaned tipsily askew this
way and that, with great gaps in it,
through which could be seen fruit-
trees, now in flower, on this spring
afternoon: there no doubt had been
the kitchen-garden. But now rank
weeds and grasses had triumphed over
everything on lawn and border; the
paved walk was plumed with them
and thickly overlaid with mosses;
creepers that must once have been
trained up the walls sprawled fallen
across the ground-growths, and ten-
drils of degenerated rose-trees thread-
THE SHUTTERED ROOM

831

ed their thorns through the shrubby
clumps of the box-edgings.

 The two men pushed across the
lawn through briers and thick grasses
and entanglements, but Violet said
she had had enough and sat down to
wait for them on a stone bench,
crumbled and mossy, which stood on
the edge of the paved walk. The
charm of the place struggled with the
melancholy disorder of it, and she could
imagine it cultivated and cared for,
with its beds glowing again with or-
dered jewels, its lawn smooth-napped,
its paved walks free of the tangle
of growth, but there was something
more than this tangle of weeds that
had to be cleared away before peace
could return to it. Something beyond
mere neglect was amiss with it; some-
thing dead but horribly alive was
w-atching her even as in the shuttered
room at the head of the stairs. . . .

  The stone seat faced the sun, and
a little dazzled by its brightness,
though delighting in the genial
warmth of it after the airless seclu-
sion of the house, Violet closed her
eyes, wondering what it could be that
wrought this strange perturbation
within her. Hugh and Mr. Hodgkin
had vanished now behind the crazy
trellis; their voices no longer came to
her, and she felt extraordinarily sun-
dered from the touch of human inter-
course. And yet she was not alone:
there was some presence, not theirs,
moving up closer to her and watching
her. Once she opened her eyes to re-
assure herself that it was only her
imagination thus playing tricks with
her, but of course there was nothing
there, and again she closed them. An
odd drowsiness invaded her, and she
saw a shadow come across the red field
of her closed eyelids. She thought to
herself that the two men were ap-
proaching her, and that it was they
who had come between her and the
sun, and she waited for the sound of
their voices or their steps. Perhaps
Hugh thought she was asleep, and!
meant to give her forty winks or so:

if that was in his mind, she wished
lie would stand aside, for with him
cutting off the sunlight from her, the
air had become very cold. She gave
a little shiver, and opened her eyes.
There was no one there.

  It was startling: she had felt quite
sure there had been someone standing
close in front of her, but it certainly
was not Hugh, nor indeed was there
any sign of a living presence. But
there he was, stepping over the fallen
trellis, and coming quickly toward!
her.

  “Violet, dear,” he said, “isn’t the
place utterly enchanting? I’m going
to have all the rags and rubbish
turned out of the house at once, and
get it washed and cleaned and re-
newed. I shall furnish it, too, and put
a caretaker in, and then we’ll bring
the garden into order again. Then
when it’s all habitable we can settle
what we shall do with it, let it, or
sell it, or keep it. What extraordinary
odd fellows they must have been, liv-
ing in squalor and discomfort and let-
ting everything go to ruin! But I
shall restore it all with the money they
saved over it. And frankly, I’ve
fallen in love writh the place: I want
to keep it terribly.”

Hugh set to work with his usual
volcanic energy to put the place
in order again: he and Violet took
rooms at the inn near, and spent hot
and laborious days in turning out the
dirty raffle that filled the house, re-
serving for later examination any
papers that might possibly be of in-
terest. All the upholstery was per-
ished ; carpets, curtains and rugs were
only fit for the fire: there were cup-
boards, and presses full of threadbare
stuffs, moth-eaten blankets and1 moldy
linen, and a clean sweep had to be
made of all these before the cleaning
and redecoration of the house could
begin. Day after day a bonfire in the
kitchen-garden smoldered and burst
into flames and smoldered again, for
little even of the solider furniture was
832

WEIRD TALES

serviceable: rickety tables and broken-
seated chairs seemed! to have been
sufficient for the uncles, After that
the walls must be stripped of their
tom and flapping papers, and scraped
of their discolored paint, the roof
must be repaired, ceilings and fittings
of doors and windows renovated. To
Violet all this holocaust of moldy
raffles signified something more than
the mere material cleaning-up, even
as the opening of windows long-closed
and the admission into the house of
the air and the sun and the wholesome
winds did more than refresh the stale-
ness of its actual atmosphere: both
were symbolical outward signs of some
interior purging. And yet, even when
all was clean and empty, ready for its
new furnishing, the very essence of
what they had been turning out still
lingered. All was not well with the
house: in some strange manner the
shadow that had come between her
closed eyes and the sun as she sat on
the garden-bench had entered, and
was establishing itself more firmly
day by day.

  She knew how fantastic such a
notion was, and so, though it per-
sisted, she, could not bring herself to
speak to Hugh about it. It haunted
the rooms and the passages, and
though she got no direct vision of its
presence it was there, like some shy
creature wary in hiding itself, but yet
wishing to make itself manifest: some-
times it seemed malignant, sometimes
sad and pitiful. Most of all it was
perceptible in that pleasant square
room at the top of the stairs which
they had found shuttered, where the
bedclothes were turned back as if he
who had slept there had just quitted
it,and where the apparatus of a man’s
toilet still lay on the dressing-table:
the room, so the charwoman had told
them, occupied by Henry Lister. Had
this presence something to do with
him, she wondered? She felt it also
in the room downstairs occupied after
his disappearance by Robert: there
she felt it as something fierce or re-

vengeful. Finally she began to won-
der whether Hugh was conscious that
there was something queer in that
room at the head of the stairs, for at
first he had intended to make his pri-
vate den there, but he had abandoned
that, and though the furnishing of the
house was proceeding apace he had
left it empty.

It was early in May that the house
was ready to be occupied in a ten-
tative picnicking fashion: vans had
been unloading all day, a couple of
servants had come down, and tonight
Hugh and Violet were to sleep here,
for to be on the premises, said Hugh,
was the surest way of speeding such
tasks as picture-hanging and carpet-
laying. The dusk of the evening was
warn, and he and Violet were sitting
on the stone bench in the garden with
a box of papers between them which
must be looked through before they
could be consigned to the bonfire. The
garden was rapidly being tamed, the
lami had been scythed in preparation
for the mowing-machine, the paved
walk had been cleared of moss, and
weeding was going on in the beds.

 “But the soil is wretched and
sour,” said Hugh, as he untied a
bundle of papers. “That bed by the
house must be dug over deep and a
cartload of rich stuff put in before it’s
fit for planting. Hullo, a photograph
. . . Why, it’s of the two uncles, and
was taken here in the garden. They’re
sitting on the stone bench where we
are now. Before they became hermits,
I suppose.”

  Violet looked over his shoulder.

 “Which is Uncle Robert?” she
said.

  “That one on the left, the older of
the two, the bald one.”

  “And the other the one who dis-
appeared?” asked Violet.

  “Yes.”

  He looked up quickly as he spoke,
and Violet, following his eye, thought
she saw for a moment in the dusk
some figure standing on the paved
THE SHUTTERED ROOM

833

walk twenty yards away. But it re-
solved itself into a pale stain on the
wall and a bush immediately below,
and she took another glance at the
faded photograph. There was a strong
family resemblance between them;
she would have guessed that the two
faces, rather long-nosed, with eyes
very wide apart, were those of broth-
ers, but they were quite distinguish-
able.

  Presently Hugh came to the end of .
the packet, and he took the bulk of
it to toss on to the smoldering bon-
fire. The evening was now beginning
to get chilly, and when he had gone
she rose and took a turn down the
paved walk. The light from the west
glowed dusky-red on the brick front
of the house, and glancing idly up at
the window of the room at the head
of the stairs, she saw a man standing
there within, looking down on her.
The glimpse she got of his face was
but brief, for almost immediately he
turned away, but she had seen enough
to know that it was the face of the
younger of the two brothers at whose
photograph she had just been looking.

  For one moment sheer terror
clutched at her: the next, as if by
some subtle recognition her mind told
her that here was the visible mani-
festation of the presence of which she
had for days been conscious. It was
he who had shadowed her closed eye-
lids, it was he who, as yet unseen, had
haunted the house, and in especial the
room at the window of which she now
beheld him. Though the flesh of her
still quaked at the thought that she
had looked on one who had passed be-
yond the dread dim gate, it was ter-
ribly interesting, and she continued
looking up, half dreading, half hoping
that she would see him again. Then
she heard Hugh’s step returning from
his errand.

  “What’s the matter, Violet?” he
said. “You’re white: your hands are
trembling. ’ ’

  She pulled herself together.

  “It’s nothing,” she said. “Some-
thing startled me just now.”

  Looking at him, she guessed with a
sense of certainty what was in his
mind when he asked her what was the
matter.

  “Hugliie, have you seen something
too that—that comes from beyond?”
she asked.

  He shook his head.

  “No, but I know it's there,” he
said, “and it’s chiefly in that room at
the top of the stairs. That’s why I’ve
done nothing with it. Have you seen
it? Was it that which startled you
just now? What was it?”

  She pointed to the window.

  “There,” she said. “A man looked
out on me from the window. It was
Henry Lister. His room, you know.”

  They were both looking up now,
and even as she spoke the figure ap-
peared there again. Once more it
turned away, and vanished.

  For a long moment they met each
other’s eyes.

  “Violet, are you frightened?” he
said.

  “I’m not going to be,” she said.
“Whatever it is, whatever it’s here
for, it can’t hurt us. I think it wants
us to do something for it . . . But,
Hughie, why did Robert scream out
‘Have mercy?’ AVhy did he run from
the house?”

  Hugh had no answer for this.

  “I shall go in,” he said at length,
“and open the door of that room, and
see what is there. I left it locked, I
know. Don’t come with me, Violet.”

  ‘ ‘ But I wish to, ’ ’ she said; “ I want
to know all that there is to be known.
What we have seen means some-
thing.”

  They went upstairs -together, and
paused for a second outside the door.
The key was in the lock, and Hugh
turned it and threw the door wide.

  The room was lit by the fading eve-
ning light, but clearly visible. It was
completely furnished as on the day
when they had first looked into it. On
834

WEIRD TALES

the bed there lay the figure of a man
faintly twitching. His face was turned
away, but with a final movement his
head fell back on the pillows, and
they saw who it was. The mouth
drooped open, the cheeks and fore-
head were of a mottled purple in
color, and round the neck was tied a
cord . . . And then they saw that they
were looking into a perfectly empty
room, unfurnished, but newly papered
and painted.

The deep digging-over of the
flower-bed along the house front
began next morning, and an hour
later the gardener came in to tell
Hugh what he had found. The dig-
ging was resumed under the super-
vision of the police-inspector, and the
body when disinterred was removed
to the mortuary. The identity was
established at the inquest; it was
established also that death had been
due to strangulation, for a piece of
rope was still tied round the neck.
Though there could be no absolute
certainty as to the history of the mur-
der, only one reconstruction of it
would fit the facts which were known;
namely, that Henry Lister had been
strangled by his brother during the
night preceding his disappearance,
and buried in the garden. Very early
next morning Robert Lister, who in
height and general appearance strong-

ly resembled his brother, must have
gone down to the river-bank (having
been seen on his way there by the
laborer from the town) and left his
cap on the path, and thrown the stick
ino the river. He must also with a
diabolical cunning have arranged his
brother’s room to look as if he had got
up and dressed himself as usual. He
then returned, and an hour or two
later went to Mr. Hodgkin’s house,
saying that he had found the front
door open, and that his brother was
missing. No search was made in the
house or garden, for the evidence all
pointed to his having dressed and
gone out and met his death in the
river. Why Robert Lister in that
seizure of panic which gripped him
just before he died called on his
brother to have mercy on him was no
affair for police investigation, but it
seems likely that he saw', or thought
he saw, some very terrible thing, some
strange specter such as was certainly
seen by Hugh and Violet in the room
at the top of the stairs. But that is
conjecture only.

  The two brothers now lie side by
side in the cemetery on the hill out-
side Trenthorpe: it may be added that
in all England there is no more whole-
some or tranquil house than that
which was once the scene of so tragic
a history and of so grim and ghostly
a manifestation.
HY come to me with your
worries?” I asked the old
people, rather petulantly.
“Any man could find your daughter
for you, and there are many good men
in your own land.”

  I was irritated.

  Ever since the time I slew the drag-
on of Thorp’s Woods, the people of
Cornwall thought that all they had to
do in time of trouble was to come to

me. For a while I tried to be consid-
erate; I really thought at one time
that perhaps it was part of my duties
as Overlord of the land to kill ser-
pents, destroy giants, and in every
way make the country a pleasant and
kindly place to live in. To live up to
these high ideals gave me little leisure
to devote to my special studies, and,
often, I was no sooner back from one
adventure and comfortably clad in my

                                 835

“The headless stump bled a white blood
that shone on the floor of the cave.”
836

WEIRD TALES

velvets, with my nose between the
pages of a book, than a fresh demand
made it necessary to put on my armor
again and sally out to rout a few more
robbers or cut the head off another
slithering snake. It was hard to be
so disturbed from the reading of a
good book, and in wintertime the har-
ness and armor were so cold that only
after some hours of wearing did my
goose-flesh subside and enable ue to
ride my charger with any comfort.

  Now, for some weeks, everything in
Cornwall had been quiet. If there
were any dragons remaining, they
thought it best to hide in secret rock
eaves, while all the robbers had fled
to Wales and Brittany, and the giants
were all rotting in their gore. As far
as my sway extended, all was quiet,
and I felt that I had well earned a
rest. It was cold, the roads were deep
in mire, the sky overcast; my good
steed was comfortable, knee-deep in
straw and munching the best grain
my peasants could raise; I had large
logs in the fireplace, now cushions to
sit on, a woolen shawl for my knees
and another for my shoulders, old
wine in the glass, a joint of meat on
the table and a book in my hand; why
should I worry about wrongs done in
Wales 01* lands of the Scot 01* Irish?

  Then, after but a few days of com-
fort, these old folks came. They
brought with them a long parchment,
bearing the scrawl and seal of the
King of Wales. That did not mean
much to me, for they were changing
their king.; every month, but it had so
impressed my men that they had
brought the old folks to the door of
my library, and when I refused to
see them and ordered them fed and
put out of the castle, they raised such
a lamentable cry that, from sheer ne-
cessity, I gave way to their moans and
ordered them in to tell their story.

  They were wet and cold; so I gave
them a place by the fire. And they
seemed hungry; so I ordered meat, and
wine brought them, and I told them,
for the sake of good Saint Jerome, to

fill up and dry up first and then I
would listen to what they came to say
to me. Thus I gained an extra half
hour of time to read my book, and
when I saw this much time slip down
the narrow channel of the sand-glass,
and found that in this space of time
I had translated over four lines of
Latin, I was much cheered and almost
tempted to be civil to the old folks.

  The story they told was a familiar
one. Their daughter had been taken
from them; they believed that she was
being held a prisoner in one of the
mountain caves a dozen miles from
their hut. What manner of man or
beast had done this foul deed they
knew not; there were strange tales
about the things that lived in that
mountain. They had been to see the
king of their land, and he had asked
in vain, among all his knights, for one
to rescue the maiden; they had all re-
fused to undertake the adventure;
then he had thought of writing to me
concerning the wrong done these old
folks and asking me to right it. As
they became more excited, they raised
their hands and swore that never was
there such a lovely girl as their
daughter, nor so pure a one, and why
had the saints permitted this terror
to come to her ?

  Naturally, I was sorry for them.
Yet it seemed to me that I was being
imposed upon and that the knights of
Wales ought to attend to their own
giants and dragons; so, when they
finally came to the end of their tale, I
gruffly said:

  “Why come to me with your wor-
ries? Any man could find' your
daughter for you, and there are many
good men in your own land. ’ ’

  At that they cried out that I was
wrong, and the woman said over and
over again, “No other man. No other
man! NO OTHER MAN!” which
was all silly nonsense, being foolish
and far from the truth.

  However, it all ended hi my telling
them to go to bed and rest and that
011 the morrow I would return with
NO OTHER MAN

837

them and see what could be done con-
cerning the safety of their daughter,
though I doubted if she were yet
alive; so, sending them off to a good
night’s rest, I ordered fresh logs put
on the fire and some spiced beer
warmed for my comfort, and started
in to read the adventures of a good
knight Hercules, who was either a bet-
ter fighter or a better liar than I ever
could hope to become. And, finally, I
also sought the warmth of a feather-
bed, and, disturbed in mind, waited
for what the morrow would bring.

'T'he next day, in a drizzle of rain,
-*■ we started for some town in
Wales, the proper sounding of whose
name I never did learn. The old dame
and her man rode slowly ahead on
two sorry nags, while behind them I
rode my f avorite st allion.

  The woolens and leathers I wore
under my armor had been well
warmed and greased before I stained,
but the day was chill and in no time
at all I became depressed over the
cold of the harness on my back. So I
tried to pass the time reciting Latin
verbs, which made the old folks shiver
and cross themselves for that they
thought my mutterings to be impre-
cations and incantations against the
power of the Evil One; and now and
then my stallion reared in the air and
neighed, perhaps for his warm stall
and his hearty meals of grain, and
perhaps for other things, but I gruf-
fly commanded him to come down to
earth on all fours.

  So on we drove for the space of five
days. At night we slept where we
could and by day we rode and suf-
fered from the chill of the cold rain.
I had some gold with me and so could
pay for the best, but even the best
was sorry worst, and ever and again
I sighed1 for my velvets and my fire,
good beer and Latin manuscripts. Yet
an end finally came, and we arrived
at the house of the old man and his
wife. It was raining as we came
there, and the sky was dark and low-

ering; yet through the gloom I could
see the dark mountains far in the dis-
tance, covered with mighty trees and
holding in their mysterious fastnesses
this supposedly lovely daughter and
the unknown monster that had tom
her from her parental home.

  When the news of our arrival was
spread through the little town, the
neighbors came, no doubt, to see the
Giant-killer, and whether they were
disappointed in my looks, I wot
not; at least, they did not say so.
However, since I had come all this
long five-day journey to accomplish
another wondrous feat of chivalry, I
was glad to have these simple folk
to talk to, for I wanted to know all
that there was to be known about
the land and the special monsters it
harbored, and just how this young
maiden had been taken, and what
manner of fiend it was that had done
the deed (for I found that such pre-
liminary investigation was of the
greatest value in winning a victory).
Also I was glad to have some of the
simple folk to carefully dry my annor
andi rub it with lard and oil, and also
to nib over my cold muscles a special
holy oil which came to me in a gold
vial from the Holy Land, being part
of the lard boiled from a great saint
during his martyrdom, which lard
was very com foiling to me, both in a
physical and a religious manner.

  All of the men had a different tale
to tell about the monster. None had
actually seen it, but all agreed that it
was a serpent, twenty yards long, a
shape like a great unicorn, a headless
man, a bull with the head of a man,
a real dragon like unto those of Gobi,
or a three-legged! giant. All agreed
that it was a mighty horrid thing, that
could easily kill a man, simply by
blowing a flame of fire in his face.
The usual weapons were powerless:
steel could not cut, lance could not
pierce, mace would not. crush. The
more they talked, the more peculiar
I felt and the more clearly I saw why
the knights of Wales were too busy
838

WEIRD TALES

to attend to this matter. It was really
an awkward situation.

  Yet they were all mightily cheered
over my being there and said re-
peatedly that if any human man could
kill this monster, the Giant-killer of
Cornwall could, and I told them I was
sure I could find the maiden and rid
the land of this foul animal, be it
man, beast or demon. And at that,
a very old Jew bent before me and
humbly thanked me and said that he
would give me fifty gold crowns if
I did so, as he was betrothed to this
maiden, having purchased her from
her father, and that the wedding
would have been consummated by
now had the fiend of the mountains
not taken her.

  I looked at the old man, his with-
ered face and shrunken frame and
scanty white hair, and the more I saw
of him the less I liked him, and
thought to myself that perhaps the
girl was better off in the mountain
than in his house. In tact, I suddenly
grew sick of the whole adventure and
demanded that I be taken to my room
and left to sleep till the morrow. And
so they did to me, and a restless time
I had, missing sorely my feather-bed,
as I tossed on a couch of com shucks.

  The next morning the entire people
of the town gathered to see me put on
my armor, and after that was done
and a quart of beer drunk moodily
(for it was poor stuff), I sadly
mounted my horse and rode toward
the mountain, the priest going ahead,
singing a prayer, and the old man
and woman on either side my horse,
and the old Jew running on behind,
urging me to be careful, and that he
would surely give me my fifty crowns.

  The old woman kept repeating,
“No other man would do it. No other
man! ’ ’

  “Would be such a fool,” I added
in a whisper. “No other man. Why,
a thousand men I had read of would
have been glad to do such a deed—
only, I, who had cleared my own
country of such monsters, was a fool

to do such dirty work for the men of
Wales.”

  And the old man and the priest and
the Jew took up her chant, “No other
man would do it—no other man.”
Yet, finally, we came to the edge of
the wood and a mile from the side of
the mountain, and they paused and
said they would go no further with me
but would go back and wait in prayer
for my safe return.

The trees were so close together
that I could not ride my charger;
so I got off and tied him to a tree,
and then I looked into the wood. It
was dark and feyish, yet through the
trees came glittering, glimmering
gems of sunshine, and far away I
heard a thrush sing and a squirrel
chatter in the tree, and I knew then
that I was in the Enchanted Forest,
for here was springtime and pleasant
weather. It being warm, I took a view
of the situation and saw that I could
not fight well with all the steel on me;
so, back to my horse, and there I made
myself comfortable, and when I next
wended woodward I had on my wool-
ens, and my great sword hung on my
back, my shield on one arm, a dagger
in my belt, and a lovely woods flower
in my right hand.

  Thus, on to the rocks, and nearing
them I heard the sound of singing,
and the song was about love and roses
and ladies’ tresses, and I marveled at
this, and knew that it was magic, and
further on I wandered, and finally
came to the singer, and at that I was
greatly frightened. For I knew that
now I was in the midst of a great
mystery and a mighty magic. For
this evil beast who had stolen the poor
girl from her parents had, in prep-
aration for my arrival, changed, by
his cunning, his so ugly body into that
of a lovely damsel, and was waiting
there to deceive me, and, when I was
unaware, to kill me with his poisons
and his powers.

  I knew that it was useless to cut
such a being with sword or piereo
NO OTHER MAN

839

him with dagger. His body was so
much air. In sueh a conflict, weapons
of ordinary use were worthless. So
I carefully put off my sword and my
shield and my dagger, and, holding
the woods flower in my outstretched
hand, I elosed in to the conflict.

  ‘‘Though thou art a mighty ma-
gician,” I cried, “I command you to
give to me the poor little girl you
stole from her parents on Ash ‘Wed-
nesday. Give her to me and I will
not harm you, but if you persist in
your evil desires, I will match my
magic with yours and overcome you.”

  “Who are you?” demanded the
creature, “and wrhy are you here?”

  I could tell from the way he talked
that he was impressed by my threat.

  “I am the Overlord of Cornwall,
Cecil, the son of James, the son of
David, the son of John, and back even
to Saint Christopher, who loved be-
fore he became a saint. For years I
have raled in Cornwall. You may be
interested in knowing that I am the
one who killed the dragon of Thorp’s
Woods. I destroyed seven slithering,
shimmering snakes in Ireland. Alone
and unaided I destroyed seven Moors
who threatened the reputation of one
of our ladies. On twenty-three gal-
lows in my land hang, bound in
chains, and coated with tar, twenty-
three bandits whom I caught and
caused to be punished for their
crimes.”

  I paused to watch the effect of all
this. There wTas no doubt that the mis-
creant was impressed1. So I continued:

  “So it was that when this poor girl,
who, by the way, was to marry a very
rich man, was stolen from her parents,
these simple folk appealed to the King
of Wales, and he pled with his knights
to rescue her, but they all refused, be-
ing too busy. So he sent a special
letter to me, and for five days I rode
over the worst roads possible to effect
this great deed. I think that you had
better submit quietly and let me re-
store the girl to her parents and to
her future husband, because, if you

refuse, I will have to fight and over-
come you, no matter what shape you
may assume.”

  At that the monster started to cry,
“She will never go back and marry
that miserable old man. It would be
better for her to die. ’ ’

  I realized at once that this was
simply a part of the deception that
the horrific monster was trying to im-
pose on me with; so I grew stem.

  “She must go back!” I said harsh-
ly, and twirling the woods flower in
my hand to distract his attention, I
advanced on him, for it wTas my pur-
pose to suddenly spring forward, take
him by the throat, and squeeze him to
death before he had a chance to
change his form from that of a lovely
woman to his usual one of a dragon
or six-legged scorpion.

  The monster looked at me. The eyes
he had assumed were blue, the face
fair and smooth as a rose petal, but his
mouth was a lovely red bow. The
body he had taken for a disguise was
fair, and, under the silken robe,
swayed with the seductive curves of
a. Grecian Aphrodite. Suddenly he
started to cry.

 “No other man,” he sobbed,
“would make me go back and marry

that old Jew. No other man-”

  But by then I had jumped forward
and crushed him in my arms.

Some days later I came out of the dark
forest. My poor charger had eaten
all the grass within his reach, had
broken loose, but, true to his master,
had remained near the armor. I
slowly put the heavy pieces back on,
being minded to thus return to the
town. Then I mounted and drew the
damsel up in front of me and thus
we slowly rode back to the town.

  To my surprize I was mot there by
a great concourse of armed men. It
seems that the King of Wales and his
knights, hearing that I had gone into
the mountains 011 such a grim adven-
ture, had gathered to my rescue, and,
had I not appeared that day, would
84Q

WEIRD TALES

have searched for my bones to give
them Christian burial. My sudden
arrival made such a search unneces-
sary ; so there was nothing to do but
make merry over my return from this
so great adventure, and allow the
feasting and merrymaking to take
the place of solemn masses for the
peace of my soul.

  At the banquet table I commanded
that the damsel sit next to me and
said that there were very necessary
reasons wThy this should be done. Then
came the feasting and the talking, the
Welsh being very brave at both of
such indoor sports. The King of
Wales told how proud they were to
have the Overlord of Cornwall take
part in such a glorious adventure; the
father of the girl told of his joy and
thanksgiving for her safe return; the
aged Jew handed me a silk bag with
the fifty gold crowns in it as the re-
ward he had offered, and then he
begged the monarch that the wedding
go on while all the world was there
and that he would give fine presents
to every one of the guests. But I rose
in my place and said:

  “I can not let this Jew die!”

  “What do you mean?” asked the
king.

  “To explain,” I replied, “will be a
pleasure to me, though I can not do
so without telling of my overcoming
of this great Welsh monster in the
mountain cave. If, in the telling, I
seem at times to be boastful, you will
pardon my pride; for, really, the deed
was a great deed and well done. I do
not want to tell all the details, but it
will be necessary for me to do so in
order to show why it is impossible
for the Jew to marry her. Because
he is a good Jew and I do not want
him to die.

  “When I came to the woods I heard
a horrific hissing and knew by the
sound that the monster was trying to
frighten me. So, leaving my horse, I
advanced carefully, and as the wood
grew darker I sawr the flashing of
lightning and these flashes came from

the eyes of the dragon. Finally, I
came near enough to see the creature,
and you may judge of my surprize
when I tell you that it was a worm,
many feet long, but, instead of feet
like a millipede, it had arms and
hands, and each hand grasped a weap-
on, sharp as a dagger and poisoned
with deadly dragon’s doom. There
were three heads, and I might remark
here that a three-headed monster is
not new to me, I having killed several
of them in Gorkiland, but in this case
only one had a face on it; the other
two being smooth of features, save a
mouth that dripped blood and spittle.
It had no sign of fear and rushed on
me, and for over an hour I had need
of all my skill defending myself from
its weapons. I used, as is my wont in
such cases, my two-handed sword and
finally succeeded in cutting off one of
the heads. It howled mournfully and
ran into its cave.

  “I rushed after it and was not sur-
prized to find a large cavern well-
lighted with the baleful light from the
monster’s eyes. Also the headless
stump bled a white blood that shone
on the floor of the cave.

  “The fighting now was hard, be-
cause I was constantly stumbling over
the bones of maidens he had pre-
viously ravished and devoured. At
last I snipped off another head, and
now the monster retreated into a still
smaller cave. Chained to the wall of
this cavern was the little girl who
had been stolen from her parents and
who would have been destroyed, body
and soul, at the next full moon, had
I not come when I was called for.

 “The dragon now assumed the
shape of an old magician and, breath-
ing harshly, asked me to leave him at
peace, offering to share the beauty of
the maiden with me if I did so. Of
course, I scorned such a dastardly
offer and, calling on him to defend
himself, I rushed on him with my
dagger. Seeing that he was doomed,
by the pow'er of his magic he met-
amorphosed himself into a bubble of
NO OTHER MAN

841

air and vanished down the maiden’s
throat.

  “I have brought her back. The
monster is still within her, waiting
for a chance to eome forth and destroy
all of you good people of Wales. If
this poor maiden married the Jew, the
monster would sally forth on the
bridal night and tear him to pieces.
If she remains here, the whole village
is in danger. Only is the world safe so
long as he realizes that I am close at
hand to strangle him to death at his
first appearance.”

  The audience shivered and seemed
stunned by my tale.

  Finally the king asked, “What are
your plans? And why should you
undergo such a risk to save the life af
a Jew or of the simple folks of this
village?”

  ‘ * I propose to take the unfortunate
girl with me to Cornwall. I shall
watch her closely on the trip. If the
monster comes from out her, I will
at once kill him and return her to the
parents and the Jew. If he still sulks
in her midgut by the time I reach
Cornwall, I shall give her rare med-
icines I know of and thus, gradually,
the monster will die within her. I am
a lone man, without wife or children,
and it is better for me to take this
great risk, even if I die for it, than
to have all these good people die in
one night of slaughter. Besides, I
know a lot about devils and their man-
ner of action, and thus it is best for
me to keep the maiden near me till
this fiend is thoroughly destroyed.”

  “Oh, kind sir,” cried the mother,
“how can we thank you? You are
too good to us. No other man would
have done all the wondrous things just
for strangers; I will feel so safe with
my daughter in your care.”

  And the Jew came up to me on his
knees and humbly handed me a gold
chain and thanked me for saving his
life from a horrible tearing at the
hands of this monster.

■^Tow it was late in the afternoon,
yet, as the day was warm, I in-
sisted that I depart for Cornwall; so
up I got me on my charger, and I put
the maiden up in front of me, and in
back was a bundle of presents of jew-
els and fine silken stuffs from the king
and his knights, and I wore all my
armor, save my helmet, which I had
tied to my saddle and wore instead a
little velvet cap.

  So we said a kindly farewell to all
those people.

  The king rode down the road with
me.

  “Art. sure, dear sibling,” he asked,
as he prepared to leave me, “art sure
the damsel hath the devil hi her?”

  “Certainly,” I replied, very se-
riously.

  “Then she be a true woman,” he
answered; “for all women I have ever
met are thus inhabited. ’ ’

  With this he winked at me, and,
turning, trotted his horse back to the
town w here his company waited on
him.

  Ruth and I fared on through the
summer afternoon. More and more
as the sun lowered in the kindly sky,
she leaned heavily against me, and
now and then she sighed, as she looked
up at me with those blue eyes and
asked: “Dost see aught of the mon-
ster peering from my mouth ? ’ ’

  “Nay,” I replied, holding her
eloser so that she need not be fright-
ened.

  “Yet I fear me that it cometh out.
Drive it back, my heart!”

  And so I did with kisses.

  How stubborn that devil was! How
hard to drive back! ... So, the
maiden was satisfied.

  Finally, she gasped.

  “No other man,” she whispered,
“would have done it as you did.”

  “No other man,” I echoed.

  And once again I drove the devil
back from her mouth.
The Story of a Lethal Curse

 THE INHERITORS

      By AUGUST W. DERLETH

THEEE is no longer any valid
reason for withholding the
true facts of the tragedy at
Hudson Heights from the public, and
I chronicle these facts now in response
to the pressure of public opinion.

  The matter really began with Mom-
sen’s note of the seventh, asking me
down for the seventeenth, or before, if
possible. Momsen was an odd chap,
but always intensely interesting. Our
mutual interest in archeology had
brought us together some years before.
From the first, Momsen had been in-
terested in old houses. A mere in-
terest had developed into a passion,
and within the half-year preceding the
note of the seventh I heard from mu-
tual friends that he had finally ac-
quired an old colonial mansion some-
where along the Hudson. He had
named it, aptly enough, Hudson
Heights.

  It was at this place that Momsen met
me at midday of the seventeenth. He
was little changed, except that faint
lines had appeared around his mouth
and eyes. His hair, too, was graying
at the temples.

  ‘ ‘ I thought you weren’t coming, old
man. I'd about given up hope.” He
laughed as he took my suitcase, and
again when I explained that I had
been detained at the office. “I might
have suspected that,” he said.

  He disappeared into another room
with my belongings. When he re-
turned I began to question him—
could it be his birthday? I daresay
I amused him, for he brushed my
questions aside, explaining that he
had ealled me down because he
842

thought me the most reliable of all his
acquaintances for the thing we were
to go through. This was a point
gained, and I urged him on.

  “You notice there's a striking lack
of servants?” he asked.

  I nodded. I had noticed it, and had
intended asking about it. In a house
like this, and with the money that
Momsen made no secret of having, the
absence of servants was inexcusable.

  “Every year the servants take off
on the seventeenth of this month.
Prior to this year, even the owners
of the place were out of it on that
day.”

  “Why?” I asked in ill-concealed
wonder.

  He shrugged his shoulders. “On
the seventeenth of February, this
place is turned over to the ghost, or
ghosts, whichever it is. Only on this
date is the house haunted.”

  With this he rose, refusing to an-
swer my questions, and promised to
take the matter up in detail at din-
ner that evening.

Dusk was coming on when we
seated ourselves at the table in
the old dining-room. Momsen began
his story without hesitation, though
I noticed that he was vaguely discon-
certed by the absence of the servants,
for more than once his hand stole out
toward the bell cord, as if to ring the
bell in the servants’ quarters. Beyond
that, he was perfectly at his ease.

  “The whole thing started in 1792,
on the night of the seventeenth of
February. One Henrik van Damm,
then owner of this place, much the
THE INHERITORS

843

same at that time as it is now, was
fatally stabbed with a rapier while he
was at table. He was stabbed in the
back, so the story goes, and did not
know who stabbed him. Nor would
anyone tell him, for I understand he
wras cordially hated. He cursed all in
the house on that day in the double
breath that, remained to him before
he died. A great many versions of the
curse got about, of course, but every-
one seemed to agree that the curse
would pass off only when the oldest
of four generations of the murderer’s
descendants had been killed.

  “That much sounds as if it might
have happened, doesn’t it?”

  I nodded. It struck me then that I
had read of the incident in some old
history of New York, but at the mo-
ment I found it impossible to trace my
source.

  “What follows doesn’t sound so
plausible. It seems that everyone in
that house on the seventeenth died
within a year—quite naturally, how-
ever, I understand. It was thought
somewhat unusual that all those peo-
ple should die before the following
February, but coincidence was not
ruled out. Some people put the whole
aftermath down to coincidence, but
most of the natives candidly professed
the belief that the deaths had oc-
curred through the diabolism of the
dead van Damm.

  “After that, the place stood vacant
for a good many years. In 1827 a
well-to-do New Yorker took the place,
remodeled it somewhat, and prepared
to live in it. In the house this man
found a packet of letters that proved
conclusively that Milady van Damm’s
lover had killed the old man. It had
been prearranged, and on the basis
of the general hatred of old van
Damm, it was carried out, without
even a protest from his wife. At any
rate, nothing remained to make any-
one hesitate about living in the house.
In 1828, on the first seventeenth of
February that he was in the house,
the newr owner died. The doctors said

that there had been some heart trou-
ble, but it got around that there was
a curious burnt mark on the man’s
breast. A year later the man’s son
and heir died in precisely the same
way. Then the family decamped,
and, of course, the curse and its his-
tory were bruited about once more.
On the strength of the letters found,
an addition was made to the curse—
that those who lived in the house be-
fore the time of the curse had expired
would inherit the curse and all its
evil. But the real inheritors were to
remain the oldest in each of the four
successive generations of the murder-
er’s line.

  “At this point, too strong a coinci-
dence to be disregarded enters into
the story. You have been aware of
my eccentricities, among them the
peculiar and inexplicable dread that
I undergo on the seventeenth of Feb-
ruary.”

  I recollected that Momsen had once
said something, and said as much. He
went on.

  “Well, the letters found in 1827
gave the name of the murderer as
Moomsenn, which is not entirely like
mine, but similar enough to be taken
as an old form of my name. That
fact in itself means nothing, of course,
but when you add to that the knowl-
edge of my grandfather’s sudden
death after the birth of his only son,
my father, and my father’s tragic ac-
cident on the night of my birth, the
coincidence begins to take definite
form. To top it off, I might add that
we know absolutely nothing about our
ancestry beyond my grandfather. It
is entirely possible, you see, that the
lover of Milady van Damm was a
lineal ancestor of mine—my great-
grandfather, most probably.”

  “Rot!” I exclaimed.

  “In that case,” he went on without
hesitation, “he w'ould have been the
first of the inheritors, and I will be—
the fourth! ’ ’

  I ridiculed the suggestion, and he
freely accepted the ridicule. He con-
844

WEIRD TALES

sidered the ehanee remote, and had
only mentioned it as such.

  “But to go on with the story of the
house,” he said at last. “In 1872 it
was again occupied. Since the region
was saturated with the legends con-
cerning the house, it was thought ad-
visable to vacate it on the seven-
teenth of February. This was done
regularly until 1877, when the head
of the house excused the servants but
stayed in the building himself, to-
gether with his family. He was found
dead on the morning of the eight-
eenth. Doctors again said heart
trouble, but no doctor could explain
the burnt mark on the man’s breast.
After that, the house was faithfully
vacated on successive seventeenths of
February.

  “Thus, in time, the legend got
about that old Henrik van Damm re-
turns on the night of February sev-
enteenth to kill the head of the house.
Psychic investigators say that the
house is merely the abode of forces of
evil, which manifest themselves on
that particular night, and it is true
that no one has ever seen a ‘ghost’
here. It is my opinion that all this
is a vast coincidence; you and I are
up here to prove that statement to-
night—and I hope we’ll do it!

  “But there are several things that
bother me, and one in particular.
When I first got into this house some-
thing happened that I’ve never quite
forgotten.. In a moment when my
mind was Wandex*ing, I got up one
day from the table and walked into
the wall as if to pass through a door.
Later, when I looked over old plans
of the house, I found that there had
originally been a door in that place,
but that it had been sealed over in
1827!”

  I said nothing, for I frankly did
not know how to take the story. It
was considerably outside my ken. You
can imagine the reaction of a staid
business man in such a position.

  “Well,” I said at last, “I’m will-
ing to face the ghost, if you are.”

  He nodded, and set about clearing
the table.

TX7'hat happened after that I’m
' ’ not certain. I know that Mom-
sen and I sat and drank of his good
liquor until both of us were feeling
somewhat unnecessarily gay under the
circumstances. It all started when
Momsen got up from the table and
went to the door. He stuck his head
out into the hall; then came back to
the table.

  “I say,” he said, “do you smell
anything?”

  “No,” I answered, but even as I
said it a faint whiff of smoke came
to my nostrils.

  “Sulfur, isn’t it?” asked Mom-
sen.

  I agreed with him. “Got any in
the house?” I asked.

  “None. And nothing that would
smell like that, I’m sure. It must
come from outside. Just notice how
the drapes of that window billow in-
ward—where’d that wind eome from
so suddenly?”

  Perhaps the liquors had made both
of us rather hazy. The lights seemed
suddenly dim. Momsen stood op-
posite me. His eyes were raised some-
what; they were fixed on the window
opening on the terrace. I turned;
there was nothing there, save the
drapes being whipped to and fro by
the wind. The atmosphere was heavy
with the odor of some obnoxious drug
that seemed to deaden us; a swirling
fog seemed to fill the room. Momsen
raised an arm suddenly and pointed.
“Look!” he screamed. “Look!”
But I could see nothing. The air
was cold with a ghastly chill, and from
a distance came the sound of feet run-
ning—it was as if they were coming
toward us with the wind that had
arisen from some eldritch source and
was sweeping now through the old
dining-room. Then there sounded far
away a eiy, rising and falling, de-
moniac, shrill, fraught with horror.
THE INHERITORS

845

At the same moment Momsen 's face
twisted utterly. In the dim light that
fell on him he looked grisly; the
shadows of his face stood out like great
black holes in his white skin.

  “Look!” his voice whispered eeri-
ly. “Look!”

  He flung out his arms as if to wTard
off something; then he fell flat on his
face.

  At once the eery disturbance was
stopped. The rushing, whistling wind
Avas gone; the drapes at the windows
swayed gently. There were no sounds
of running feet, nor weird cries from
the sky. The lights became brighter.

  For a moment I stood there, trying
to recover myself. I remember that
I reached for the decanter of liquor
before I thought of Momsen. Then I
ran to him. 11 The shock has been too
much for him,” I thought, and bent
to pick him Tip.

  His hand was cold as ice! It needed

no expert to tell that he was dead. I
turned him over on his back. His eyes
were wide and staring—his face was
a picture of abject terror. But it
was his breast that attracted my im-
mediate attention. Ilis dinner coat
and vest were virtually burned away,
so that his breast lay exposed. Just
below the breast-bone was a dark,
brownish discoloration, as if a long-
dead wound had burned itself to the
surface. It looked for all the world
as if the point of a rapier had come
through from the back, leaving the
flesh burned in this unholy manner.

  “The—fourth—inheritor!” I mur-
mured, half beside myself.

  Even as I said it, there came a
whirling breath of ice-cold air that
struck me full in the face, passed and
was gone. I turned. The long drapes
at the window were shuddering, but
above the horror of it all, I felt a vast
brooding sense of peace!

A Short IVeird-Scientijic Story

The Depths of the Lens

         By n. r. McFarland

1

(Excerpt from the notebook of Rob-
ert Jamson)

THE affair started when I was
given a small specimen by a
friend of mine, a student of
geology, who had found it while search-
ing for odd stones in a pile of river
gravel. The small, globular, crystal-
like rock had caught his eye, and he
brought it to me, who, besides being
a chemist of some note, have also
delved rather deeply into geologic re-
searches. At first glance the stone re-

sembled nothing so much as a cheap
glass marble, but on closer inspection,
one found that it actually glowed,
with a pale green light. And, while
its outer shape was perfectly spher-
ical, if one contemplated it for very
long one saw things rather monstrous
to one brought up on as much ortho-
dox Euclidean geometry as I was.
Tetrahedrons, and other polyhedrons
mingled with decagons and other
polygons. One figure seemed always
to merge into another and disappear,
giving way to others which were
dissipated in the same way. The
846

WEIRD TALES

sides of tiie plane figures and the
edges of the solid ones were not
straight, but curving, lines that
wavered like lines of smoke, and then
changed position. If I concentrate
deeply on some other subject, how-
ever, this fancy can be thrown off, and
the globe will seem almost normal
again.

  I am perfectly sure, knowing what
I do of this stone, that it was never
created on this earth. It may have
been brought from the far reaches of
interstellar space by a meteor, or—
ridiculous thought in one who has
alwav pooh-poohed all such imagina-
tive ideas—it may have been left in
the river-bed by an expedition from a
far world.

  Be that is it may, I now use this
globe as a lens for a new form of
microscope I have invented, which
stands before me as I write. Impelled
by idle curiosity, I one day inserted
it in the tube, and was surprized by
the result. Perhaps because of the un-
usual geometrical figures within, or
for some other equally peculiar
reason, this lens not only magnifies
greatly, but gives an examiner the ef-
fect of being on the glass slide, instead
of above it. When I observe crystals
of any sort through this lens, I seem
to be beside towering and geometri-
cally correct buildings, in orthorhom-

bic,	monoclinic, or any other of the
myriad forms of crystals. A powdered
chemical seen through it gives one the
effect of being surrounded by immense
boulders or rocks. During the course
of some of these experiments, I tried
a simple chemical trick, every part of
the experiment being carried on under
the lens. Through a medicine dropper
I dropped the solution I had made up
onto the slide, looking through the
eyepiece at the same time. I felt that
I had been transported to another
world with that one look.

  The ground under my feet was not
earth, but a transparent composition
which was hard and brilliant. I
seemed to be directly in front of an

immense yellow wave which was bear-
ing straight down on me. It swept
on, and engulfed me, forcing me to
struggle for my life in the oily waves.
Soon I noticed, to my surprize, that
the level of the liquid was going down
rapidly and a thick yellow scum was
swirling and twisting in places on the
surface. Here was a new danger, I
thought. If I were not careful I should
be drawn into one of those whirl-
pools of scum. But even while I was
trying to evade them, they ceased to
be scum, and even as I watched be-
came vast, transparent, yellow edifices
which grew larger each second, ex-
tending in all directions. I gasped in
horror as the corner of a building
grew straight toward me. If I did not
move, this thing would crush me
under millions of tons of transparent
yellow stone. But I could not move
a muscle, and like a coward closed my
eyes to wait supinely for the end.

  I can’t describe the agonies I en-
dured during the moment I waited
with my eyes closed. When I opened
them slowly, and looked up, I saw
the familiar ceiling of my laboratory.
With a laugh, I came to myself. What
a fool I was! To be taken in like that
through a mere microscope! Then I
again bent my eye to the tube, and
felt again that sensation of fear. The
buildings still towered beside me, but
—with what relief 1 realized that!—
they had stopped growing. I closed
my eyes again, and removed my eye
from the tube. I recognized the build-
ings for what they were, and laughed
again.

  Since then I have again and again
done the same experiment. I feel the
greatest horror during the time I
have the sensation of being on the
slide, but by closing my eyes I am
able to escape from it, and become
myself again. Sometimes I seem bare-
ly to escape from the building in time,
and have a terrible effort to close my
eyes. Since that is the only way to
escape, I have found out, I feel that
if ever I am unable to close them, I
THE DEPTHS OF THE LENS

847

sixa.ll be crushed. I sometimes think
that perhaps the globe brought an evil
genie with it fi'om whatever dark, far-
flung star it came from, and that he is
trying to imprison me until I am
crushed on that glass slide. But that
way lies madness. It is impossible,
utterly. And yet, when I think of
those moments of superb horror down
there, I wonder.

  Tonight I am tortured by doubts. I
know my conjectures to be impossible,
but nevertheless I shall try it, and
make sure. I shall descend to the bot-
tom again, and test out my thoughts.
Then when the moment comes that the
buildings grow toward me, I will not
close my eyes, but I will keep them
open, and show myself how absurd my
fancies are.

  I	have a peculiar feeling, which rea-
son also tells me is ridiculous, that I
am not coming back from this trip to
the slide. When I look through the
microscope, it seems that I am really
made smaller, and that I am pro-
jected down on the slide; though
whether it is the slide or the lens I
am sometimes unable to tell. I have
the sensation of being on the slide,
but at the same time I seem to be in
the globe. Perhaps my body goes to
the slide, made thousands of times
smaller, of course, and my soul, in the
form of a pink butterfly or something
of that sort, to the lens. Well, aside
with idle faxxcies and prepare for the
test. I leave this notebook here on the
laboratory table in the event that I
am unable to come back from the
depths of the lens. No one will believe
this account, and there will be no way
to prove it. If I should be crushed,
my body would be so small that it

could never be seen under the great
bulk of a crystal—or building.

  Well, I have the solution all mixed
and in the dropper. Here goes!

2

(Clipping from the Newville Banner,
August 10, 1929.)

University Professor Disappears

  NEWVILLE, August 10.—University of-
ficials and townspeople both are wondering
about the mysterious disappearance of Dr.
Robert .Jamson, assistant professor of chem-
istry at the university here. The brilliant
young doctor was last seen at ten o’clock
last night, when the janitor of the building
closed up for the evening. Dr. Jamson was
engaged in research work at that time, and
told the janitor that he would let himself
out. Since then nothing has been seen of
him. A possible explanation was suggested
by a notebook left on his desk, but when ex-
amined, this proved to contain nothing but
rather wild ramblings. One of the psychol-
ogists at the university, after examining the
notebook, said that the disappearance fur-
nished a remarkable example of the influ-
ence of fear, but further than that he would
say nothing.

  Another curious article on the table was
a new form of microscope, believed to have
been invented by Dr. Jamson, which had a
peculiar globular lens, wliich seemed to glow
with a pale green light. No explanation
could be given of this, nor of the glass slide
in the microscope. It was covered with
orthorhonibic crystals of sulfur, of the type
formed in an elementary chemical exper-
iment when sulfur is dissolved in carbon
disulfid and allowed to crystallize out, which
it does with great rapidity.

  Police all over the state are on the look-
out for Dr. Jamson, for whose disappearance
university officials could give no motive. He
was not known to have any love affairs,
and his work was proceeding very satisfac-
torily. Laboratory assistants, however, said
that he had grown increasingly moody dur-
ing the last few days, ever since he was
given a queer geologic specimen, which has
been mentioned as the lens of the micro-
scope.
 The Stranger from Kurdistan*

By E. HOFFMANN PRICE

OU claim that demonolatry
went out of existence at the
end of the Middle Ages, that
devil-worship is extinct? . . . No, I do
not speak of the Yezidis of Kurdi-
stan, who claim that the Evil One is
as worthy of worship as God, since,
by virtue of the duality of all things,
good could not exist without its
antithesis, evil; I speak rather of a
devil-worship that exists today, in
this Twentieth Century, in civilized,
Christian Europe; secret, hidden, yet
nevertheless quite real; a worship
based upon a sacrilegious perversion
of the ritual of the church. . . . How
do I know? That is aside from the
question; suffice it to say that I know
that which I know.”

So high was the tower of Semaxii
that it seemed to caress the very
stars; so deep-seated were its founda-
tions that there was more of its
great bulk beneath the ground than
there was above. Bathed in moon-
light was its crest; swathed in seven-
fold veils of darkness was its pon-
derous base. Old as the pyramids
was this great pile of granite which
took its name frem the ruined city,
of equal antiquity, sprawled at its
base.

 ♦From WEIRD TALES, July, 1925.

     84 S

  A dark form approached, advanc-
ing swiftly through the gloom-
drenched ruins, a darkness among
the shadows, a phantom that moved
with sinister certitude.

  Suddenly the shadow halted, and
its immobility became a part of the
surrounding darkness. Other and
lesser forms passed, slinking silently
to the cavernous entrance of Se-
maxii, there vanishing in its obscure
depths. And all were unaware of the
form that had regarded them from
its vantage-point.

  A cloud parted. A ray of moonlight
fought its way through the Cim-
merian shadows, dissolving all save
one, the darkest; and this darkest
one it revealed as the tall form of a
man wrapped in a black cape, and
wearing a high silk . hat.

  Another rift in the clouds; more
light, which now disclosed the fea-
tures as well as the form of the
shadowy stranger; haughty features
with a nose like the beak of a bird
of prey; the cold, pitiless eye of an
Aztec idol; thin lips drooping in the
shadow of a cynical smile; a man
relentless and magnificent in defeat.

  “The fools have all assembled to
pay tribute to their folly; seventy-
seven of them who will tonight adore
their lord a-nd master . . . and with
THE ,STRANGER FROM KURDISTAN

849

what rites? ... It is long since I have
witnessed ...”

  He paused in his reflections to
count the strokes of a bell whose
sound crept softly across the waste-
lands.

  “Little of my last night remains;
however, let me waste it well.”

  So saying, he gathered his cape
about him, and swiftly strode to the
entrance of the tower.

  “Halt!” snapped a voice from the
gateway.

  The ray of an electric torch bit
the darkness and fell full upon the
stranger’s face.

  “Halt, and give the sign.”

  “Who am I to give, or you to re-
ceive?” answered the stranger, as if
intoning an incantation or reciting
a fixed formula.

  “Pass on.”

  And thus the stranger passed the
outer guard of the shrine of de-
monolatry, the holy of holies where
Satan received the homage of his
vassals. Past the outer guard was
the stranger, but far from the
sanctuary wherein the Black Mass
was celebrated, wherein the Lord of
the World wras worshipt with blas-
phemous rites.

  A thousand steps of icy granite,
winding in endless succession like
the coils of a vast earthworm, led to
the foundations of the tower. And
at intervals, sheeted and hooded
warders halted the stranger and de-
manded sign and password; and
each in turn, as he received a sign,
shrank and dropped his gaze before
the hard, inscrutable eye of the
stranger.

  Dowrn, down to the very basements
of the earth; and then he found him-
self before a door guarded by two
masked figures garbed in vermilion.
Again there was an exchange of
signs, after which the two vermilion
figures bowred low as the door
opened to admit him to the vaulted

sanctuary where the Deni was that
night to be invoked.

  The stranger doffed his high hat,
then, after a courtly bow to the as-
semblage, strode up the aisle and
seated himself on one of the brazen
stools that were placed, row after
row, like the pews of a chapel. Once
seated, he gazed about him. taking
stock of his surroundings.

  The black altar before him. with
its crucifix bearing a hideously cari-
catured Christ, received but a pass-
ing glance; nor was any more at-
tention accorded to the walls and
vaulted coiling whose grotesquely
obscene carvings leered at him
through the acrid, smoke-laden air
like the distorted fancies of a per-
verted brain. Nor yet, apparently,
did he note the acolyte wrho wras
trimming the black candles at the
altar, nor did he seem to wronder that
the floor beneath his feet was
sprinkled with powdered saffron. It
was the company itself that he
studied, observing with interest the
old roues and young sybarites, male
and female, the seventy-seven who
had assembled to adore Satan, their
lord and master.

  In the main, the seventy-seven
were persons of wealth and distinc-
tion, who, having tried and found
wanting every field of human en-
deavor and achievement, had sought
thrills in the foulness and degrada-
tion of the mediaeval rites of devil-
worship ; rakes whose jaded appetites
sought satiation in the orgies that
followed the celebration of the Black
Mass; atheists who, deeming passive
atheism an inadequate form of i’c-
bcllion, found expression in a ritual
whose sacrilege satisfied their icono-
clastic desires.

  Attendants bearing trays made
their way among the seventy-seven,
offering them glasses of wine and
small amber-colored pastils. These
last the worshipers either swallowed
or else dissolved ill their wine and
drank.
850

WEIRD TALES

'T'he stranger turned to the initiate
who occupied the stool at his
side.

  “Tell me, brother, the nature of
the rites to be celebrated here to-
night.”

  The initiate eyed him narrowly as
he sipped his wine.

  “What do you mean?”

  “Why,” began the stranger bland-
ly, “I am a foreigner, and I fancied
that the ritual here may be different
from what it is in my native land. I
must confess,” he continued, “that I
am puzzled to see an altar and a cru-
cifix in this shrine devoted to the
worship of the Evil One. ’ ’

  The initiate stared at him in
amazement.

  “It must be a curious rite that you
witnessed. Do you not know that we
have a priest who celebrates the

mass, and then-”

  “A priest?” interrupted the

stranger. “The mass? Why-”

  “Surely; if not a priest, if not a
mass, how could the arch-enemy be-
come incarnate in the bread which
we, the worshipers of Satan, defile
and pollute as a tribute to our lord
and master? Surely you must be a
foreigner from some heathen land
not to know that only an ordained
priest of the church can cause the
miracle of transubstantiation to take
place. But tell me, who are you?”
“You would be amazed,” replied
the stranger, smiling enigmatically,
“if you knew who I am.”

  Then, before the initiate could
continue his queries, a gong sounded,
thinly, rather as the hiss of a serpent
than as the clang of bronze; a panel
of the vault opened, admitting the
vermilion-robed, misshapen bulk of
the priest. Following him were nine
acolytes, likewise robed in vermilion,
and bearing censers fuming with an
ovei’poweringly heavy incense. As
they marched slowly down the aisle,
they raised their voices in a shrill
chant. The seventy-seven sank to
their knees, heads bowed.

  The high priest halted before the
altar, bowed solemnly, then, with
the customary gestures and phrases,
went through the ritual of the mass,
the kneeling acolytes making the
responses in Latin. He then
descended to the bottom step of the
altar and began his invocation to
Satan.

  “Oriflamme of Iniquity, thou who
guidest our steps and givest us
strength to endure and courage to
resist, receive our petitions and ac-
cept our praise; Lord of the World,
hear the prayers of thy servants;
Father of Pride, defend us against
the hvpoci’isies of the favorites of
God! Master, thy faithful servants
implore thee to bless their iniquities
which destroy soul and conscience
alike; power, glory and riches they
beg of thee, King of the Disinherited,
Son who battles with the inexorable
Father: all this we ask of thee, and
more, Master of Deceptions, Re-
warder of Crime, Lord of Luxurious
Vice and Monumental Sin, Satan,
thee whom we adore, just and logical
god!”

  The high priest rose, faced the
altar and crucifix bearing its life-
sized mockery of a caricatured
Christ, and in shrill, malignant ac-
cents cried out his blasphemies:
“And thou, thou in my office as
priest I compel to descend into this
host, to become incarnate in this
bread, Jesus, fileher of homage, thief
of affection! Harken! From the day
that the virgin gave thee birth thou
hast failed in thy promises; the ages
have wept in awaiting thee, mute
and fugitive god! Thou wert to re-
deem mankind, and thou hast, failed;
thou wert to appear in gloi'y, and
thou liest asleep; thou who wert to
intercede for us with the Father,
hast failed in thy mission, lest thy
eternal slumber be disturbed! Thou
hast forgotten the poor to whom
thou hast preached! Thou who hast
dared punish by virtue of unheard-
of laws, we would hammer upon thy
THE STRANGER FROM KURDISTAN

851

nails, bear down upon thy crown of
thorns, draw blood anew from thy
dry wounds! And this we can do,
and this we will do, in violating the
repose of thy body, profaner of
magnificent vice, glutton enamored
of gluttony, accursed Nazarene, idle
king, sluggish god!”

  ‘ ‘ Amen, ’ ’ came the hoarse response
of the seventy-seven through the
stifling, incense-laden air.

 The priest, having once more
ascended the altar steps, turned and
with his left hand blessed the wor-
shipers of Satan. Then, facing the
Crucified One, in a solemn but mock-
ing tone he pronounced, “Hoc est
envm corpus meum.”

  At these words the seventy-seven,
crazed as much by the drugged wine
and amber-hued pastils as by the
sacrilegious madness of the cere-
mony, groveled upon the saffron-
sprinkled floor, howling and moan-
ing, overcome by a demoniac frenzy.
The priest seized the consecrated
bread, spat upon it, subjected it to
unmentionable indignities, tore it to
pieces which ho offered to the wor-
shipers of Satan, who crept forward
to receive this mockery of a com-
munion.

'T'he first of that mad group of
devil-worshipers rose to his knees
and was about to receive his portion
when there came a startling inter-
ruption.

  “Fools, cease this mockery!”

  It was the stranger’s voice, a voice
whose arrogant note of command,
ringing through that vaulted chapel
like the clear, cold peal of destruc-
tion, silenced the frenzied devotees,
so that not a breath was audible. The
acolytes stood transfixed at the
altar. The high priest alone re-
tained command of himself; but even
he was momentarily abashed, shrink-
ing before the flaming, fierce eye of
the stranger.

  Yet the priest quickly recovered
himself.

  “Who are you,” he snarled, “to
interrupt the sacrifice?”

  The seventy-seven, though still
speechless, had recovered from the
complete paralysis that their facul-
ties had suffered. They saw the
stranger confronting the high priest
on the altar steps; they heard his
voice, in reply, rich, sonorous, ma-
jestic:

  “You, the high priest of Satan,
and ask me who I am? I am Ahri-
man, whom the Persians feared; I
am Malik Taus, the white peacock
whom men worship in far-off Kur-
distan; I am Lucifer, the morning
star; I am that Satan whom you in-
voked. Behold, I have returned in
mortal form to meet and defy my
adversary.”

  He pointed to the crucifix, then
continued, “And a worthy adversary
he is. Nor think that yonder simula-
crum is the Christ I have sworn to
overthrow. Fools! Besotted beasts,
think you that it is serving me to
deride a foe who has held me at bay
these countless ages? Think you to
serve me by this mummery? This
very mass which you have cele-
brated, though in derision and in de-
fiance of him, acknowledges his
divinity; and though in mockery,
you have nevertheless accepted him
in taking this bread as his body. Is
this serving me, your lord and mas-
ter?”

  “Impostor!” shrieked the high
priest, his face distorted with rage;
“impostor, you claim to be Satan?”

  That high-pitched scream stirred
the seventy-seven from their inertia,
aroused them again to their frenzy.
Gibbering and howling, they leapt to
their feet and closed in on the
stranger.

  But at that instant a cloak of ele-
mental fire, the red, blinding flame
of a thousand suns, enshrouded Sa-
tan’s form, and from it rang that
same clear, cold voice, “Fools! Mad-
men ! I disown and utterly deny
you!”
852

WEIRD TALES

/~\xce again in the ruins at the foot
^-^of the Tower of Semaxii was the
dark stranger, Satan as he had re-
vealed himself to his followers. He
seemed to be alone, yet he was speak-
ing, as if with someone facing him.

  “Nazarene,” he said, “on that day
wherein I challenged you to meet me
with weapons and on ground of your
own choosing to do battle for the em-
pery of the world, I was foolish and
knew not whereof I spoke.”

  He paused, lowered his eyes for a

moment, as if to rest them from the
strain of gazing at an awful and in-
tolerable radiance, then continued:
“You they crucified; me they would
have torn in pieces, their Lord and
master; both of us they have denied.
I wonder whose folly is the greater,
yours in seeking to redeem mankind,
or mine in striving to make it my
own.”

  And with these words Satan turned,
his haughty head bowed, and turn-
ing. disappeared among the ruins.

A KING IN BABYLON

                                      (Reprint)

                By W. E. HENLEY

                     Or ever the knightly years were gone
                     With the old world to the grave,

                    I was a King in Babylon
                    And you were a Christian Slave.

                      I saw, I took, I cast you by,

                     I bent and broke your pride.

                     You loved me well, or I heard them lie,

                    But your longing was denied.

                    Surely I knew that bye and bye
                    You cursed your gods and died.

                   And a myriad suns have set and shone
                   Since then upon the grave

                   Decreed by the King in Babylon
                   To her that had been his slave.

                    The pride I trampled is now my scathe,

                    For it tramples me again.

                     The old resentment holds like death,

                     For you love, yet you refrain.

                    I break my heart on your hard unfaith,

                    And I break my heart in vain.

                    Yet not for an hour do I wish undone
                    That deed beyond the grave,

                  When I was a King in Babylon
                  And you were a Virgin Slave.
Are You Bashful?

NO WONDER YOU ARE A
“STAY-AT-HOME”

DO YOU ever feel embarrassed in
the presence of strangers? Are you
always bashful and confused when you
meet people for the first time or when
you are in company of the opposite sex?

ARE you missing all the good
things and good times in life
just because you are BASHFUL
and SHY?

   Girls and Boys, Men and Women
 who are timid, nervous, self-conscious
 and easily embarrassed never have
 much fun. How do you expect any-
 body to seek your acquaintance and
 companionship if you lack confidence
 in yourself? It is not always the
 good looking attractive men and
 women that are showered with all
 the attention.

   To be popular—always in demand
 at parties, and affairs and social
 gatherings one must be a good mixer
 and possess a pleasant personality.
 Why should you sit at home, feeling
 blue and out of sorts—no place to
 go—nobody to see ? Stop being bash-
 ful and embarrassed when you meet
 people for the first time or when you
 are in the company of the opposite
 sex.

You Are Self-Conscious!

Shame on you! There is no need for you
to be nervous and embarrassed. Stop
being shy. You can learn how to con-
quer the terrible fear of your superiors.

DO NOT BE DISCOURAGED!

Every individual now suffering from
Bashfulness (Self-Consciousness) will
welcome this good news. Remarkable
discovery used with great success—
whereby you can quickly and easily
overcome your faults. Be cheerful and
confident of your future! If you’re
Bashful — don’t wait another day —
Send 25c for my fascinating, amazing
book. Tells how to master and over-
come Self-Consciousness. Write today.

R. BLACKSTONE

B-2812 Flatiron Building New York City

Richard Blackstone,

B-2812 Flatiron Building, New York City.

Please send me a copy of your book on
Nervousness and Bashfulness. I am enclosing
25 cents in coin or stamps.

Name______________________________________

Address___________________________________

City______________________State____________

NERVOUS?

EMBARRASSED?

SHY?

Kindly mention this magazine when answering advertisements
854

WEIRD TALES

The Eyrie

'(Continued from page 728)

Tell him if ho could write another one like that, he would tie with Poe.
Other fine torture tales in your magazine were The Justice of the Czar and
The Copper Bold: it is such stories that have made your magazine famous.”
[Weird Tales has not discontinued torture stories.—The Editor.]

    Miss Betty Bogschutz, of Philadelphia, writes to the Eyrie: ‘‘I wish
to commend Seabury Quinn on his ability to write weird talcs worthy of the
name. I am a stenographer for a large corporation having a branch office
in Philadelphia. My boss being away on business trips almost all day I have
plenty of time to digest the story that I like best in your most excellent Weird
Tales. I like Trespassing Souls by Seabury Quinn the best for this month,
and The White Wizard deserves all the credit that can be heaped upon it,
and also on its author, Sophie Wenzel Ellis. A more sympathetic story I
have never read than Warning Wings. I hope it is a true story. Much praise
to its author, Arlton Eadie. Here’s hoping more C400D stories by Mr.
Quinn will be published, and I second the vote of Dick Thomas to publish
more than one story by Mr. Quinn each month if possible.”

    “For more than two years I have had the pleasure of reading your
magazine,” writes M. T. Oakbough, of San Francisco. “Seabury Quinn’s
stories, Lovecraft’s, Hamilton’s, all are interesting and tend to make Weird
Tales an unusual scientifically instructive magazine.”

    Readers, what is your favorite story in this issue ? Your votes have given
first place among the October issue stories to Skull-Face, by Robert E. How-
ard, with The Silver Countess, by Seabury Quinn, a close second in popularity.

MY FAVORITE STORIES IN THE DECEMBER WEIRD TALES ARE:

 Story

Remarks

(D-

 (2).

 (3)-

(D-

 (2).

             I do not like the following stories:
             _______________ Why?__________

It will help us to know what kind of
stories you want in Weird Tales if you
will fill out this coupon and mail it to
The Eyrie, Weird Tales, 840 N. Michigan
Ave., Chicago, 111.

 Reader’s name and address:
WEIRD TALES

855

Children of Ubasti

(Continued from page 759)

night robe she wore the night she fled
for life through the shattered window.
She returned in a few moments, her
pale, childish face suffused with
blushes as she sought to cover the in-
timate attire by wrapping de Gran-
din’s fur-lined overcoat more tightly
about her slender form. Above the
fleece-lined bedroom slippers she wore
I caught a glimpse of an inch or so
of slim, bare ankle, and mentally re-
volted against the Frenchman's pen-
chant for realism which would send
her virtually unclothed into the bit-
ing autumn night.

  There was no time to voice my
protest, however, for de Grandin fol-
lowed close upon her heels, the con-
tents of his parcels of the afternoon
beneath his ai’ms. “Behold, my
friends,” he ordered jubilantly, dis-
playing four repeating shotguns, ‘ ‘ are
they not lovely? Pardieu, with these
we shall be equipped for any emer-
gency ! ’ ’

  The guns were twelve-gage models
of the unsportsman-like “pump”
variety, and the barrels had been cut
off with a hack-saw close to the wood,
shortening them by almost half their
original length.

, “What’s th’ armament for, sor?”
inquired Costello, examining the
weapon de Grandin handed him; “is
it a riot we’re goin’ out to quell?”

  The Frenchman's only answer was
a grin as he handed guns to Arif
Pasha and me, retaining the fourth
weapon for himself. “Trowbridge,
mon vieux, you will drive?” he asked.

  Obediently, I slipped into a leather
jacket similar to that worn by de
Grandin and led the way to the ga-
rage. A minute later we were speed-
ing toward Mooreston.

  The Frenchman had evidently made
a reconnaissance that afternoon, for
he directed me unerringly to a large,
graystone structure on the outskirts

NUMEROUS legends almost as old as
the human race represent that the
earth once had two moons. Have
yon ever heard of the Sect of Two Moons?
they were the sorcerers of China and were
the greatest scientists this world had ever
produced. Talk of modern progress—our
arts and sciences, our discoveries and inven-
tions are child’s plav beside the accomplish-
ments of this race of Chinese devils. Shut
away in that remote interior—in a valley so
little heard of that it is almost mythical—
beyond trackless deserts and the loftiest
mountains on the globe—this terrible sect of
sorcerers has been growing in power for
thousands of years, storing up secret energy
that some day should inundate the world
with horrors such as never had been known.

  This novel narrates the sensational attempt
of a group of Chinese scientists to obtain
rulership of the world by a tremendous threat
against the very existence of the earth. The
diabolical methods by which they put their
scheme into execution, the frantic race across
the ocean to circumvent them, the weird and
exciting adventures that befell, make one of
the most gripping and fascinating novels
ever written.

SPECIAL OFFER

This book is beautifully bound in rich
blue cloth with attractive orange-
colored jacket and is for sale direct
from the publishers at the special
price of $1.50 postpaid.

  Remember, this edition is limited and this
offer is good only as long as the supply
lasts. Send for this fascinating book now
while it is fresh in your mind.

Weird Tales, Book Dept. M-20,

840 N. Michigan Ave.. Chicago. Illinois.

  Enclosed find $1.50 for cloth-bound copy of
THE MOON TERROR at publishers’ price.

Name ________________________________________

Address ______________________________________

City ______________________ State_____________
856

WEIRD TALES

of the town. On the north was a
patch of dense second-growth pine
through which the autumn wind
soughed mournfully. To the east and
west lay fallow fields, evidently reser-
vations awaiting the surveyor’s stake
and the enthusiastic cultivation of
glib-tongued real estate salesmen. The
house itself fronted south on the
Albemarle Pike, on the farther side of
which lay the grove of oak and chest-
nut into which Trula had made her
escape.

  “Quiet, pour I’amour d’un rat
mort!” de Grandin besought. “Stop
the motor, Friend Trowbridge. At-
tendez, mes braves. Allons au feu!

  “Now, my little lovely one!” With
a courtesy which he might have shown
in assisting a marchioness to shed her
cloak, he lifted the overcoat from
Trula Petersen’s shivering shoulders,
bent quickly and plucked the wool-
lined slippers from her feet, then
lifted her in his ai’ms and bore her
across the roadway intervening be-
tween us and the lawn, that the gravel
might not bruise her unshod soles.
“Quick, toward the house, ma petite,”
he ordered. “Stagger, play the
drunken one—cry aloud!”

  The girl clung trembling to him a
moment, but he shook her off and
thrust her almost roughly toward the
house.

  There was no simulation in the ter-
ror she showed as she ran unsteadily
aeross the frost-burnt lawn, nor was
the deadly fear which sounded in her
wailing, thin-edged cry a matter of
acting. “Help, help — please help
me!” she screamed.

  “Excellent; tres excellentde
Grandin murmured from his covert
behind a rhododendron bush. “Make
ready, my friends, I damn think they
come!”

  As he spoke there came a momen-
tary flash of light against the dark
background of the house, as though a
baleful, fiery eye had winked, and
something a bare shade darker than

the surrounding shadows of the night
detached itself from the building and
sped with pitiless quickness toward
the tottering, half-swooning girl.

  Trula saw it even as we did, and
wheeled in her tracks with a shriek of
sheer, mortal terror. “Save me, save
me, it’s he!” she cried wildly.

  Half a dozen frenzied, flying steps
she took, crashed blindly into a
stunted cedar, and fell sprawling on
the frosty grass.

  A wild, triumphant yell, a noise
half human, half bestial, came from
the pursuer. With a single long leap
he was on his quarry.

  “Parbleu, Monsieur le Demon, we
are well met!” de Grandin shouted,
springing from his ambush and level-
ing his sawed-off shotgun.

  The dim, leaping form seemed to
pause in midair, to retrieve itself in
the midst of its spring like a sur-
prized cat. For an instant it turned
its eyes on de Grandin, and they
gleamed out in the night like the glow-
ing orbs of an infuriated leopard.
Next instant it sprang.

  There was a sharp click, but no an-
swering bellow of the gun. The car-
tridge had missed fire.

  “Secours, Friend Trowbridge; je
suis perdu!” the little Frenchman
cried, going down under a very ava-
lanche of flailing arms and legs. And
as he fought off his assailant I saw the
flare of gleaming, green eyes, the flash
of cruel, white teeth, and heard the
hoarse, beast-like growl of the thing
that clawed and worried at his fhroat.

  Nearer than the other two, I leaped
to my friend’s rescue, but as I moved,
a second shadowy form seemed to
materialize from nothingness beside
me, a battle-cry of feline rage shrilled
deafeningly in my ears, and a claw-
ing, screaming fury launched itself
upon me.

  I felt the tough oiled leather of my
wind-breaker rip to shreds beneath
the flailing talons that struck at me,
looked for an instant into a pair of
WEIRD TALES

round, blazing phosphorescent eyes,
then went down helpless under the
furious assault.

  “There is no power nor might nor
majesty save in Allah, the Merciful,
the Compassionate!” Arif Pasha
chanted close beside me. “In the
glorious name of Allah will I take
refuge from Satan, the stoned, the re-
jected!” A charge of B. B. shot suf-
ficient to have felled a bear tore
through the clawing thing above me;
there was a sharp snapping of metal,
and a second blaze of searing light
as the riot-gun roared again.

  The ear-piereing scream of my as-
sailant diminished to a growl, and the
growl sank to a low, piteous moan as
the form above me went limp, rolled
from my chest and lay twitching on
the frosted earth beside me.

  I fought unsteadily to my knees
and went sick and faint at the warm
stickiness that smeared the front of
my tattered jerkin. No need to tell
a doctor the feel of blood: he learns it
soon enough in his grisly trade.

  Costello was battering, with the stock
of liis gun, at the infernal thing that
clung at de Grandin’s throat, for he
dared not fire for fear of striking the
struggling Frenchman.

  “Thanks, good friend,” the little
fellow panted, wriggling from beneath
his assailant and jumping nimbly to
his feet. “Your help was very wel-
come, even though I had already slit

his heart in two with this-” He

held aloft the murderous, double-
edged hunting-knife with which he
had systematically slashed and stabbed
his opponent from the moment they
grappled.

  “Good Lord o' Moses,” Costello
gasped as de Grandin’s flashlight
played on the two still, supine forms,
“ ’tis Mr. and Mrs. Bear! Who’d
’a’ thought swell folks like them
would-”

  “Folks, parbleu, my friend, I dam-
nation think you call them out of
their proper name!” de Grandin in-

   12 Novels
   Sor $1 .OO

  These are copyright novels by well known
  writers. Printed on good paper with illus-
  trated covers.

 Thrilling Mystery Fiction!

  Each of these books is an exciting
  mystery or detective story. Guaranteed to
  hold your interest.

  And you get the entire set of twelve
  novels for only one dollar! There is no
  other charge.

  But—you must act immediately! The supply
  is limited. Right now, while you think of it,

  1 tear out this advertisement, fill in the coupon
  below, and return to us with $1.00 (coin, stamps
  or money order). The complete set of twelve
  novels will be mailed to you promptly, postage
  prepaid.

  POPXJI.AR FICTION PUBLISHING CO.,

  Dept. 56, 840 N. Michigan Ave.,

   Chicago, 111.

  I enclose $1.00. Send me the twelve novels,
  postage prepaid, at once. This $1.00 is payment
  in full.

Name ________________________________________

Address_____________________________________

City--------------------------State--------

12 DeteetiVe

StorMrSaS
858

WEIRD TALES

lerrupted sharply. “Look at this, if
you please, and this, also!”

  Savagely he tore asunder the black-
silk negligee in which the woman had
been clothed, displaying her naked
torso to his light. From clavicle to
pubes the body was covered with
coarse, yellowish hair, curled and
kinky as a Bushman’s wool, and
where the breasts should have been
there was scarcely any perceptible
swelling. Instead, protrading through
the woolly covering was a double row
of mammilla1, inhuman as the dugs of
a multiparous beast.

  “For the suckling of her whelps,
had she borne any, which God for-

bid,” the Frenchman explained in a
low voice. “RegardezHe turned
the sliot-riddled body over. Like the
front, the back was encased in yellow-
ish, woolly hair, beginning just below
the line of the scapula; and extending
well down the thighs.

  A hasty examination of the male
creature showed a similar coating, but
in its case the hair was coarser and of
an ugly dirty-gray tone, like the dis-
colored patch upon the back of an
elderly gorilla.

  “You see?” he asked simply.

  “No, I'm hanged if I do,” I re-
torted as the others held silence.
‘ ‘ These are terrible malformations,
and their brains were probably as far
from normal as their bodies, but-”

  “Dites!” he interrupted. “Here is
no abnormality, my friend. These
creatures are true to form. Have I
not already rehearsed their history?
From the tumuli of Africa they come,
for there men pursued them with gun
and dog, like the savage beast-things
they are. In this new land where
their kind are unknown they assume
the garb and manners of men. With
razor or chemical depilatories they
stripped the hair from off their arms
and legs, and other places where it
would have made them remarkable,
and then they lived the liie of mem-

bers of the community—outwardly.
Treasure from ravished tombs gave
them much money; they were educated
like human beings in the schools con-
ducted by well-meaning but thick-
headed American missionaries, and
all was prepared for their invasion.
America is tolerant—too tolerant—of
foreigners. More than due allowance
is made for their strangeness by those
who wish to make them feel at home,
and unsuspected, unmolested, these
vile ones plied their dreadful trade
of death among us. Had the female
not let her appetite and bestial nature
overcome her caution when she slew
the young Calebson for his blood, they
might have gone for years without the
danger of suspicion. As it was”—he
elevated his shoulders in an expressive
shrug—“their inborn savageness and
Jules de Grandin wrought their un-
doing.

  “Come, our work is finished. Let
us go.”

Trula petersen, once more wrapped
in de Grandin’s greatcoat, wept
softly against the little Frenchman’s
shoulder as we drove slowly home-
ward.

  “Ah, my little brave one, you are
cold, you tremble, you shiver,” he
sympathized. “Come, this will warm
your frozen blood.” From the pocket
of the car door he produced a wide,
flat flask of cognac and put it to her
lips.

  She took a swallow, gasped and
choked. “Th—thank you, sir,” she
stammered when she had recovered
her breath.

  “Parbleu, it was an act of simple
charity for which I deserve no
thanks,” he returned. “You have fin-
ished ? you are through ? you have had
enough?”

  “Yes, thank you.”

  “Sergeant, a drink? I know Friend
Arif does not use it.”

  “Thank ye kindly, sor,” the big
WEIRD TALES

859

Irishman took a man’s-sized pull at
the bottle and returned it.

  “Tres bien,” said Jules de Gran-
din; “ ’twould be shame to us if we
bore this back filled.” And he pro-
ceeded to dram the big flask to the
bottom.

The Gallows Tree

(Continued from page 766)

night into the death of Joseph Worth, 45,
of New Jersey, U. S. A., whose body was
found Sunday morning on the moor near
the village of Polgarth.

  Medical evidence tended to establish that
Worth had evidently died of strangulation,
which was borne out by a livid weal, such
as might have been caused by a noose, en-
circling the man’s throat. No trace of any
such noose was found, however.

  Mr. Roscarroll, the coroner, stated that
suicide, under the circumstances, would
have been impossible; and no motive for
foul play could be assigned, as the deceased
had no known enemies, and a considerable j
sum of money was found on his person.
The jury returned a verdict of death from
strangulation inflicted in a manner un-
known.

  Further mystery is added to the case by
the fact that the late Mr. Worth had ap-
parently left his room in the Polgarth Inn
by a window which opens onto a balcony, as
his door was locked on the inside. A loaded
revolver was found on a table beside the bed,
and two strong cords were tied, in a pecul-
iar manner, to the posts at the foot of the
bed. There was no evidence of any strug-
gle, and apparently, the deceased had left
the room of his own accord, although for
an unknown motive.

  Local antiquarians recall, as a singular
coincidence, that centuries ago, a number of
criminals were hanged from a gigantic oak,
known colloquially as “The Gallows Tree,”
which then stood upon the exact spot where
Mr. Worth’s body was found, but which
was cut down more than one hundred and
fifty years ago.

  The last person to meet death there was
the highwayman known as Black Giles Tre-
wartha, who was betrayed into the hands of
the law by his brother Joseph in 1715. As
he stood beneath the Gallows Tree, Tre-
wartha imposed a curse upon his brother
and on any of the latter’s descendants who
should ever tread Cornish soil.

MIND
 POWER!

ASTOUNDING

RESULTS

AWAIT YOU

   Tour destiny is NOT in the hands of
   the Gods of Luck or Chance. Don’t be a
   slave to conditions—like chaff in the
   wind. You are blessed with mighty men-
   tal and psychic powers; those powers are
   lying dormant, unawakened within you.
   A few simple rules used every day will
   be the means of bringing about HEALTH,
   HAPPINESS and PROSPERITY.

THE WAY

   A world-wide movement, the Rosicrueian
   Order, for years lias shown sincere men
   and women how to simply uso their
   INNER FACULTIES to overcome LIFE’S
   OBSTACLES. Why look around you for
   help?—within is a solution.

FREE BOOK TELLS STORY^

   Sincere seekers may secure, with no
   obligation, a new book—"THE LIGHT
   OF EGYPT.” This book tells how you
   may learn of the wonderful laws used by
   the Rosicrucians, and how you, too, may
   put them into practice. If thousands have
   been helped, why not you? Address a
   letter (not a postcard) as follows:

LIBRARIAN T.W. T.

  AMORC-ROSICRUCIAN ORDER
  Rosicrucian Park San Jose, Calif.

THE BROTHERHOOD OF THE HOLY PENTAGRAM

A Brotherhood of Mystics

TEACHING

Occultism, Psychology, Ancient Magic,
Metaphysics and Comparative Religions.

For information address

SECRETARY GENERAL,

Box 391, Plattsburg, N. Y.

SONG WRITERS: SUBSTANTIAL ADVANCE

Royalties are paid on publisher’s acceptance.
New booklet, “Song Requirements of Talking
Pictures.” sent free. Newcomer Associates, 784
Earl Building, New York.

INVENTIONS WANTED — PATENTED, UN-

patented. If you have an idea for sale, writ*
Hartley, Box 928, Bangor. Maine.
860	WEIRD TALES

The Mystery of the Four Husbands

(Continued from page 741)

©bstinate mind, which was clearly
fighting against me now.

  “ ‘ “Since I asked Delphin to de-
stroy it. That was a gift, sir, which
you should never have made, not that
I believe that he died of it, but be-
cause it would have been your fault
if he had killed me with it. Was it
the poison that was closed in the belly
©f a mahogany fetish covered with
bizarre signs and curious designs
burned into the wood ? ’ ’

  “ * “That was it, Olympe. There is
no possible error. You know the tali-
tali well.”

  “ ‘ “Yes, Delphin used this poison
and the barks of the tree which you
brought him to make some exper-
iments which interested me, much
more than the rest of his work, as a
matter of fact. His test-tubes and ap-
paratus amused me in the beginning,
but one tires of everything. I soon
noticed, however, that Delphin was
not well, and I blamed his languor on
the bad air of the laboratory. I asked
him to give up his work for a little
while. He would not, so I asked him
at least to do me the favor of destroy-
ing the tali-tali. He answered that
there was nothing to fear because the
tali-tali was only fatal to those who
drank it and that he was certainly not
crazy enough to drink the liquid,
which he had already tried out on
chickens and rabbits. He was amused
at my childishness, but I gave him no
peace until he had destroyed the tali-
tali in front of me and Palmire. Tired
of fighting with me about it he threw
the fetish and the poison into the fire
and it was burned up in a momelit.”

  “ ‘ “How did the poison act in the
fire?”

  “ * “First there was a long green
flame like a sky-rocket and that was
followed by a suffocating vapor which
we ran from. As for the fetish itself,
it was nothing more than an ember

which flashed a last grimace before
falling into ashes. That is all, sir, and
I have nothing else to tell you, but if
it was to hear this that you married
me you might as well have dispensed
with the ceremony. I would have
given you the information just the
same, and perhaps I would have loved
you afterward. But now please leave
this house and never let me see you
again.” ’

  “When Jacobini reached this point
he stopped and rolled himself a cig-
arette.

  “ ‘And then?’ I asked.

  “ ‘Then I left her to question Pal-
mire. I forced her to tell of the tali-
tali also. I attacked her from all
sides. She’s an ignorant peasant and
she could not have invented the chem-
ical effects which she had seen in the
fire. All she said agreed to the letter
with what Olympe had told me. I
asked her all kinds of questions which
Olympe could not have foreseen. I
went on into other matters and at the
end of my investigation I went back
to Olympe and threw myself on my
knees before her. She pardoned me,
Zinzin, because besides being honest
she is also very good.’

  “ ‘Possible,’ I said, ‘but she is not
proud! ’

“As you can well imagine, I did not
go to call on them, but, I saw
Jacobini eight days later. An awful
anguish was visible on his pale, rest-
less face.

  “ ‘Zinzin,’ he said to me in a hoarse
voice, ‘I think I’m infected with it,
too. But perhaps it is only an idea.
Yes, an idea! Even the thought of
that tali-tali is enough to drive one
mad.’

  “I didn’t have time to say a word.
He had already gone and I was never
to see him alive again.

  “And this is the frightful trag-
WEIRD TALES

861

edy which occurred the next day ac-
cording to the police who with help
from the dying Jacobini and Pal-
mire's statements reconstructed the
scene.

  “At noon, Jacobini, who had not
seen his wife since morning, went to
the pavilion. He was filled with the
darkest presentiments in spite of the
fact that he tried to free himself of
the idea of poison by trying to believe
that his illness was due to swamp
fevers which he had suffered from in
the tropics.

  ‘‘Luncheon was served there, and,
as Jacobini entered, a door closed
hurriedly at the end of the room. At
the same time he heard furtive steps
and the sound of a box being closed.
He ran to the door, half opened it
and saw Olympe engaged in low con-
versation with Palmire. She seemed
very much troubled.

  “At that moment a terrible cramp
seized him in the intestines and he
let the door close, having only
strength enough to drop on the sofa.
With one hand he had unconsciously
taken hold of Olympe’s work-box,
which was badly closed and showed
bits of fine linen. Jacobini’s fingers,
clutching at the lid feverishly from
pain, opened it and fumbled in the
lace. Suddenly they struck a hard
object and he stood up, haggard and
mad. . . .

  "In his hand he held the fetish of
death, the horrible phial, the hideous
tali-tali which 01.ympe and Palmire
had sworn was destroyed, burned be-
fore them. Olympe had lied. Olympe
had poisoned him as she had poisoned
the other two. He was to suffer the
atrocious death which had tortured
his predecessors.

  ‘ ‘ Overcoming the agony for a few
minutes, Jacobini poured what was
left of the poison into a bottle of wine
on the table. There was enough left
for a terrible dose, and then he
waited for his wife.

  “She was not long in coming. She
Idssed him and asked him how he felt

v*l—jINKOGRAPH

J PENCIL POINTED PEN

      Writes with ink smooth as a lead pencil
on cheapest or finest paper, without miss, skip
or blur. Won’t b'.ot, scratch or leak.

Makes 3 carbon copies at one time with
original in ink. Anyone can use your Inko>
graph - hard pressure cannot spread or injure
j its 14 Kt. cold point. Patent automatic feed

r— ■ ■ —----— XSjg prevents point from clogging. No com-

Ithat ball- ^ I plicated mechanism. Beat Kiatcriels and
I a iUc ■ * i/T yV workmanship. Fully Guaranteed.

\v Send No Money. Pay postman Sl.fiO pin*
\GOLD POINTw>pp9tage. Sent prepaid if remittance accompan-
i./S ^	»es order. Moneyback if dissatisfied in 10 days

INKOGRAPH CO. Inc. 161-1S2 Centre St., Hew YoiH City

A CT Q Send for Inkograph or FItEE Sales plan book*
/lAjwlN I O let. Soils on aiiilii—-no investment.

Do you want to be

 ATTRACTIVE?

If so, we can help you.

Send liame and address at once for
free literature.

THE BROTHERHOOD OP LIGHT

Dept. O, Box 1525, Los Angeles, Cal.

ASTROX.OGY—T.KARX WIIAT THE STAKS

predict for 1930. Will you bo lucky? Will you
win in love? Will your investments prove profit-
able? Would a change in occupation give you a
larger salary? Our Special 15-Page Astrological
Reading gives predictions—monUi by month—
with exact days, dates and happenings for 1930
based on your Sign of the Zodiac. Consult it
before making any change in home or business
affairs, signing papers, love, courtship, mar-
riage, employment, travel, speculation, health,
accidents, “lucky days,” etc. Send exact birth-
date with $1.00 for complete reading. Franklin
Publishing. Company, 800 North Clark Street,
Dept. 326, Chicago.

tiitHtii

Explains many mystifying tricks with
coins, cards, handkerchiefs, etc., you
can do. Also contains complete catalog of
Magic Tricks, Jokes, Puzzles, Escapes,
Curios, and Imported Noyplties from
many Foreign lands. Large assortment,
lowest prices. You will amaze and
mystiry your friends! Send 10c today.

LYLE DOUGLAS,

Station 6-6	Dallas, Texas

girIs Earn Xmas Money

Write for 50 Sets St. Nichola-, Christmas Heals.
Sell for. lOe a set. When sold send us S3.00 and
keep $2.00. No Work—.Just Fun. ST. XICHOT.AS
SKAL CO., Dept. 410-W. T., Brooklyn, N. Y.

i'fAB Jirr/> Or Snuff habit I
II vDAUw Cured Or No Pay!

■ Any form, cigars, cigarettes, snuff, pipe, chewing. Full treatment ■
Zon trial. Harmless. Costs $1.50 if cured, nothing if it fail*. Over 5
B £00,000 treatments used. SUPER BA CO nt-17. Baltimore, Md. ■

SONG POTCM WKITKKS-

tion. Hibbeler, D-156,
Chicago.

-••HEAL” PROPOSI-

2104 N. Keystone,
862

WEIRD TALES

this morning. lie replied that he
felt much better, but that the fever
had not completely left him and that
he was thirsty.

  “ ‘Then you must drink something,
darling,’ she said.

  “He did not wait for her to pour
the wine out and filled two glasses
himself.

  “ ‘But you know that the doctors
have forbidden me wine,’ she said,
‘and that I only drink water.’

  “He insisted that she drink with
him in the same glass, as they had
often done. She turned her head
away. He seized her brutally, threw
her head back and savagely pinched
her nostrils, thus forcing her to drink.
As she cried with fear, he spoke. ‘Per-
haps you would have preferred
another glass,’ he said, and showed
her the tali-tali.

  “She cried for help, but suddenly
put her hand to her abdomen and was
taken with a horrible cramp. At the
same time the pain clutched at him,
and they fell together on the sofa.
They shrieked together, agonized to-
gether, clutched and scratched and
bit each other. They pulled at each
other like wild beasts. They twisted
and writhed, contorting themselves in
the same hell.

  “Jacobini had still strength enough
to insult her, naming the first victims.
‘You won’t kill any more. You are
going to die. You are going to die
with me.’

  “But the pain was too great. It
seemed as though there was hell with-
in him. He pulled weapons down
from the walls, and he tried to stab
himself with a knife and so end the
horror at one blow; but he only suc-
ceeded in making a terrible wound.
Then lie turned the steel toward
Olympe and slit her open from top to
bottom like an animal. The room
echoed with her last howl.

  “Possessed by a thousand demons
he smashed her skull, pierced her like
a pin-eushion, pulled out her eyes and
cut her into pieces. She was. nothing

STATEMENT OP THE OWNERSHIP, MAN-
AGEMENT, CIRCULATION, ETC., RE-
QUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS
OF AUGUST 24, 1918,

Of Weird Tales, published monthly at Indianap-
olis, Indiana, lor October 1, 1929.

State of Illinois 1
County of Cook i

  Before me, a notary public in and for the State
and county aforesaid, personally appeared Wm.
R. Sprenger, who, having been duly sworn accord-
ing to law, deposes and says that he is the Busi-
ness Manager of the Weird Tales and that the
following is, to the best of his knowledge and
belief, a true statement of the ownership, man-
agement (and if a daily paper, the circulation),
etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date
shown in the above caption required by the Act
ol August 24,1912, embodied in section 411, Postal
Laws and Regulations, printed on the reverse of
this form, to wit:

  1.	That the names and addresses of the pub-
lisher, editor, managing editor, and business
manager are:

  Publisher—Popular Fiction Publishing Company,
2457 E. Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Editor—Farnsworth Wright, 840 N. Michigan
Ave„ Chicago, III.

  Managing Editor—None.

  Business Manager—William R. Sprenger, 840
N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, HI.

  2.	That the owner is: (If owned by a corpora-
tion, its name and address must be stated and
also immediately thereunder the names and ad-
dresses of stockholders owning or holding one
per cent or more of total amount of stock. If
not owned by a corporation, the names and
addresses of the individual owners must be
given. If owned by a firm, company, or other
unincorporated concern, its name and address,
as well as those of each individual member
must be given.)

  Popular Fiction Publishing Company, 2457 E.
Washington St., Indianapolis, Ind.

  Wm. R. Sprenger, 840 X. Michigan Ave.,
Chicago, Illinois.

  Farnsworth Wright, 840 N. Michigan Ave.,
Chicago, Illinois.

  George M. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington
8t., Indianapolis, Indiana.

  George H. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St.,
Indianapolis, Indiana.

  P. W. Cornelius, 2457 E. Washington St., In-
dianapolis, Indiana.

  3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees,
and other security holders owning or holding 1
per cent or more of total amount of bonds, mort-
gages, or other securities are: (If there are none,
so state). None.

  4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving
the names of the owners, stockholders, and secu-
rity holders, if any, contain not only the list
of stockholders and security holders as they ap-
pear upon the books of the company, but also,
in cases where the stockholder or security holder
appears upon the books of the company as trustee
or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of
the person or corporation for whom such trustee
is acting, is given; also that the said two para-
graphs contain statements embracing affiant’s full
knowledge and belief as to the circumstances and
conditions under which stockholders and security
holders who do not appear upon the books of the
company as trustees, hold stock and securities in
a capacity other than that of a bona fide owner;
and this affiant has no reason to believe that any
other person, association, or corporation has any
interest, direct or indirect, in the said stock,
bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him.

  5.	That the average number of copies of each
issue of this publication sold or distributed,
through the mails or otherwise, to paid subscrib-
ers during the six months preceding the date
shown above is______ (This information is re-
quired from daily publications only.)

                  WM. R. SPRENGER,
                      Business Manager.

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 28th day
of September, 1929. O. F. BAHL6TROM,

 [SEAL]	Notary Public.

  My commission expires July 26, 1932.
WEIRD TALES

863

 more than a bleeding, nameless horror
 when the servants rushed into the
 room.

   “But Jacobini did not die until the
 next morning and in his few moments
 of lucidity narrated the hideous de-
 tails of their abominable martyrdom.
 The assistant district attorney who at
 one time had hoped to marry her was
 present, and he returned home and
 went to bed ill. During the night he
 was so delirious that they thought he
 would lose his mind and so add one
 more victim to the list. ’ ’

 y inzin stopped. Perspiration beaded
 his temples. He let out a sort of
 groan.

   “The most horrible part,” he went
 on, “is the fact that she had done
 nothing. ’ ’

   “ Oh! ” the others exclaimed.

   “Yes, she was innocent. I learned
 that the other day, only the other
 day.”

   “Palmire had done it all!” Gau-
 bert exclaimed.

   “As to her,” said Zinzin with a
 terrible laugh, “the police took her
 and kept her. You can well under-
 stand that I did everything in my
 power to have her given full punish-
 ment. All she did was to say no, and
 to cry about Olympe. Concerning her
 mistress, however, she gave us ex-
 planations which dumfoiuided us.
 They were so utterly stupid or naive.
 For example, when they asked her:
 ‘If your mistress wras innocent, she
 would not have told her husband that
 the tali-tali had been destroyed before
 the two of you. ’

   “ ‘Bah, that is simple,’ Palmire
 answered. ‘We agreed between us to
 say that it had been because there
 were already rumors about and we
 did not want to be suspected; besides
 we did not know what had become of
 the tali-tali because we really believed
 that Monsieur Delphin had burned it
 all the day that he threw a few drops
 in to please Madame.’

   “Yes, she said just that,” Zinzin

K& New

 kio:

m iMrr

m Prices

A*./on Standard
fiTIRES

BIG REDUCTIONS

on U. S. Goodrich. Goodyear. Fire-
stone r*nd other tirea only slightly
us**d—due to owrera chanprinar to
balloonB. Thousands or satisfied cus-
tomers report tremendous mileage.

SEND ONLY $1.00

  deposit for each tire wanted—bal-
  nnui* C. O. D. State whether clin-
  cher or straight side. No risk in
  buying tf-om us. If not satisfactory
  wuon delivory, return them to us lor
  refund. ORDER NOW.

AMERICAN TIRE CO.
1329 3. Mic^ftran Boulevard
Dept. 935-T, Chicago

SIZE    TIRES 
30x3%   $2.28 
31x4    3.00  
32x4    3.00  
33x4    3.00  
32x4%   3.26  
33x4 V? 3.25  
34x4 Vs 3.50  
30x5    3.65  
33x5    3.65  
29x4.40 2.35  
30x5.25 3.00  
30x5.77 3.25  
31x5.25 3.25  
33x6.00 3.25  
32x0.20 3.25  
                    $1.00

                     1.15

                     1.15

                      1.15

                     1.45

                     1.45
                     1.4.",

                     1.75

                     1.75
                     1.10

                     1.35
                     1.4ft

                     1.35

                      1.45

                     1.45

 Other Balloon SIzeTlres $3.00

Bladder Irritation

   If functional Bladder Irritation disturbs yeur
 fclcep, causes Burning or Itching Sensation.
 Backache or Leg Pains, making you feel tir'd,
 depressed and discouraged, why not try the
 t'ystex 48-Hour Test ? Don’t give up. Get Cjstex
 today at any drug store. Put it to the test. See
 for yourself what it does. Money back if it
 doesn’t bring quick improvement and satisfy you
 completely. Try Cystex today. Only 60c.

YOU MEN WHO LACK VIGOR
TRY THIS TEST AT OUR RISK'

fcJL

777 FORMULA

 Composed of ACTUAL
 GLAND MATERIALS
 and stimulative tonic in
 tablet form. Send $2 for
 a full strength package.

 Absolute Satisfaction GUARANTEED or Moaey Refunded—Yon Take No Risk.

 2 Packages for $3.00 — also C. O. D.
 CERES CO., Dept. WT-8 830 Arch St., Philadelphia, Pa.

Quit Tobacco

 Don’t try to banish unaided the hold tobacco has upon you.

 Thousands of inveterate tobacco users have, with the aid
 of the Keeley Treatment, found it easy to quit.

KEELEY TREATMENT FOR
TOBACCO HABIT

 for over 50 years. Write today for FREE BOOK and our
 MONEY BACK GUARANTEE.

 KEELEY INSTITUTE. Dept. E-705. Dwight. Illinois

I CHALLENGE

 you to disprove that I can positively teach you to read from
 one's eyes only ail he wants to say. (This marvelous dis-
 covery also works by alphabet as the tongue does.) I held
 praising letters from police heads, scientist, colleges, cler-
 ics, physicians, etc. Send only $1.00 for the one-page
 easiest wonderful method. You don't lose; money refunded.
 A Honigman, Station E, Box 85, Sec. W. T. 2-3.
 Montreal, Canada.
864

WEIRD TALES

Next Month

The CURSE of the
HOUSE of PHIPPS

 By SEABURY QUINN

A vivid and startling tale of Col-
onial times. The story of the
weird doom that followed the mem-
bers of the House of Phipps, strik-
ing down each descendant in turn
before he had seen, his first-born
child. A fascinating narrative of
eery happenings and blood-chilling
excitement, that begins in a British
colony in America and jumps into
a hectic thriller of the present day.

  f you have not yet made the
acquaintance of the fascinating
Frenchman, Jules de Grandin—oc-
cultist, scientist, phantom-fighter
and ghostrbreaker — this powerful
story, written in Seabury Quinn's
most fascinating style, will .serve as
an introduction to one of the most
interesting and likiible characters
in modem fiction. The story will
be printed complete in the

  January issue of

WEIRD TALES

  On Sale December 1st
  Clip and Mail this Coupon Today I

WEIRD TAMC8,

840 North JUichisran Ave.,

Chicago, 111.

Enclosed find $1 for Bpecial five months
subscription to “Weird Tales" to begin with
the January issue ($1.25 in Canada). Spe-
cial offer void unless remittance is accom-
panied by coupon.

Name______________________________________

Address__________________________________ .!

City--------------------State_________

went on, “and she was hissed and
hooted. I cried louder than the rest.”

  “And what was she sentenced to?'7
asked Chaulieu.

  “Death,” replied Zinzin in a whis-
per.

  “But they don’t execute women?”

  “No. . . . Her sentence was changed
to life imprisonment. She died in her
cell about ten years ago. I learned
that the other day also.”

  ‘4 And did she repent ? Did she con-
fess?” Michel asked.

  “No,” Zinzin answered, looking at
us like a madman, “and she had noth-
ing to confess. . . . She, too, was in-
nocent!”

  “Good God!” Chaulieu exclaimed.

  “But then, who was guilty?” Gau-
bert asked.

  “A man who has just died and con-
fessed on his death bed. After the
tragedy he left, the town and settled
not far from here. Yes, he died the
other day at Mourillon. That, man
had owned some property which
touched the edge of Olympe\s estate
in the far corner where the pavilion
was. ’ ’

  “•But who was the man?—one of
the twelve?”

 “Yes, one of the twelve — the
twelfth, to be exact! He naturally
could not ever hope to marry Olympe,
because of course she would never go
through with eleven husbands after
such deaths, but he eliminated those
who had been happier than he . . .
and at the end he had fixed it so that
the evidence all pointed to Olympe.

 “Do you remember, when the
twelfth suitor arrived that day when
we were all lined up in the drawing-
room—the arrival of Monsieur Paci-
fire, the registrar—what fun Olympe
made of him and how we had all
laughed when she placed him at the
foot of the line? Yes, we made fun
of Monsieur Pacifire when he came
into the room! Well, he avenged him-
self, that man!”
365 KEEN SHAVES

A Year With One Single Blade

"I want to say that KRISS KROSS Stropper is the
best thing I ever saw. I have been using cne blade
continuously for one year and nine months and have no
idea how much longer it will last.”

S. Stephenson. Okla.

No More Razor Blades
To Buy/

Inventor Discovers Amazing
New Way to Shave!

  -Without Buying Blades!

KEEN, velvety shaves forever and no more blades to buy!
That’s what this astonishing invention offers the great army
of American shavers today!

KRISS-KROSS is destined to revolutionize all existing traditions
of shaving I its performance is so sensational that it 3eems hardly
fair to call it a stropper. Rather it is a awper-stropper or biade-
rejuvenator! No longer do you find that yonr blades “die" after
five or six shaves. KRISS-KROSS “brings 'em to life" a surprising
way! Actually—you can take a blade right out of a fresh package
and improve it as much as 100% in eleven seconds with KRISS-
KROSS!

MAGIC DIAGONAL STROKE

KRISS-KROSS employs the famous diagonal stroke, same as a
master barber uses. Never before has anyone captured the secret of
reproducing it automatically. Eight “lucky leather grooves" do the
trick in 11 seconds with a precision it takes a master barber years
to attain. Strops from heavy to light. Adjustable, automatic jig
flies up and notifies you that your blade is ready—ready with the
keenest cutting-edge that steel can take I

KRISS-KROSS produces unbelievable sharpness and prolongs the
life of any razor blade for months and even years. Fits all brands
and makes except Durham. Eliminates 83% of shaving costs and
solves your blade problem for all time!

SENSATIONAL OFFER

And now for my surprising offer. To introduce KRISS-KROSS, I
am giving with it Free a new kind of razor. Possesses remarkable

 SgftOUSS KROSS

                   CORPORATION

Dept. H-3783 1418 Pendleton Ave. ST. T.OT7TS, MO.

Largest Manufacturers of Mechanical Stroppers in the World.

Canadian Address:

CANADIAN KRISS-KROSS CO.

39 Wellington Street East, Toronto 2, Canada

features. Instantly adjustable to any shaving position. A flip of
the finger makes it (1) T-Shape; (2) straight told style); (3) or
diagonal (new way). Gives a slidino instead of pulling stroke.
Simply zips right through the toughest crop of whiskers. Made of

rustless metal. Comes with 5__

special-process blades and is
entirely unlike anything you
ever saw before!

GET FREE
OFFER

    Send for full infonmation on
 these surprising new inven-
 tions today. KRISS-KROSS
 products are never sold in
 stores. You deal direct with
 me or my authorized repre-
 sentative. Write far illustrated
 description and full details of
 free razor offer. It's even more
 remarkable than I can tell you
 in this short space. Clip the
 coupon now. Mail it today.

 AGENTS

  Maf^lg^n^y wi^^RlSS-
KROSS. Giving away F R E E
razors boosts your profits amaz-
ingly. H. King made $66 in one
day. N. C. Paige made $104 in
3 days! Others average $350
and up to $750 a month! Spare-
time workers. Office and Factory
men make $6-$ 12 extra a day
showing KRISS-KROSS to
friends and fellow employees. S.
Kantala made $154 extra just
working evenings 3 weeks. Get
details at once. Check bottom
of coupon and mail it tonight!

   Rhodes’ KRISS-KROSS Corporation, Dept. H-3783
   1418 Pendleton Ave., St. Louis, Mo.	|

     Without obligation, please send me illustrated description and I
   full details of your special introductory offer on KRISS-KROSS |
   super-stropper and FREE 3-way razor.	,

  Name

   Address

---------------------------------------|

Town ______________________________ State-- — -----|

   ( ) Check here if interested in making money as authorized |

 KRISS-KROSS representative.	|
loutx Never know life

Until You've Read the Greatest
of All Forbidden Books!

YOU’LL ntver know the tremendous force of human	the history of manm-ra and morals of a long passed age.

passions until you’ve feasted on the most thrilling	They constitute a landmark of literature, which must not

Tales from that greatest of all true-to-life books the	be passed over, if you would broaden your vision—make

immortal Decameron! . . . Here are the frankest tales	yourself truly cultured,
of love and intrigue ever set down on paper. Written in

an age of plain speaking they show us how real flesh-and-	CITTVm XI

blood men and women act in time of stress—the deep	1

secret motives that influence our actions today no less	— T\k'\r mnv it

than they did centuries ago.	5 DAY 1 K1AL

And now for a short time only you can inspect these	, .

great examples of realistic writing—the stories which you	And now we are enabled to offer you three great classics

have always longed to read—in your own home for five	-thirty-five of thi best stories from the famous Decameron

days, without obligation! Read all about this surprising	for the amazingly low sum of only $1.98. bend no

offer, then send for your copy at once.	money—just fill out and mail the coupon below. When the

package arrives pay the postman §1.98 plus few cents

i if A 'ffXTn TXTOnmiXTr'	postage. Inspect this great book for five days, then if

AiYl AZyliN VJ • • • • 1W i^Jr lixl -N Cj	you are not delighted return it and your money will be

refunded. Mall the coupon this instant before this low

For centuries the Decameron has thrilled millions— has	price offer is withdrawn! Franklin Publishing Co.. 800

inspired countless great authors—has been lauded by th«*	N. ( lark St., Dept,^ -610, Chicago,
most discriminating critics. Rich in fascinating plots.

vibrant with all the passions of a warm-blooded race, it	m— mm mm mm

has furnished plots for the world's great masters of liter-	I

aturo—Shakespeare. Chaucer, Keats, Tennyson, Dryden	■ Franklin Publishing Co.,

and Longfellow. No one can know literature, can call	I *uo N. Clark St*. Dept. C-610.

himself truly sophisticated, until he has drunk from the	■ Chicago.

bottomless loving cup of that genial old Italian. Giovanni	I p|,.aS(. Kt.n(i me a copy Gf Tho Tal.s from the I

Boccaccio. .. . And far from being immoral as many	I immortal Decamcron by Boccaccio. When package I

narrow minded people used to think, these talvs rrom the	• arrivt,s j wiI1. pay postrnnn on|>. Ji.9« „lus f,-w •

Decameron are in reality almost a text book for the	I ,)<)st«ge. I/ not delighted. 1 am at liberty to |

earnest student of that greatest of all studies—human	I return tht. voiumc within five days and my money *

nature. ^	| will be refunded.

Boccaccio's stories have already lived five times as long	,

as our United States. They were the "best sellers” when I Name-----------------------------------------

Broadway was still a wilderness and yet today they still

delight us with their immortal vitality, forever young. I Address ----------------------------------------

forever gay, forever thrilling.	■ _ Statt

  The morals and customs of Italy of the fourteenth cen-	* ‘ y " " " T “

tury are alt laid before you the way people lived, the	I If you may be out when the postman calls, en- .

hovels and palaces they dwelt in. the strange pleasures	* close S2 with this coupon and we will pa> all de-

they indulged in—all are told with a wit and pathos that	I livery charges. Customers outside U. S. must send

never crept between the covers of any other book. Thus	■ cash with order,
tie stories not only amuse and entertain, which after all

is the first requirement of good fiction, but they give US	Km mm av tmm mm mm ^m mmm mm Mi mm mm mmmm anl