ICE lO C

BY THE

THE

MAGAZINE

FEBRUARY
 Pears’ Soap

No soap is so comforting for a baby, so pure or so perfect in its hygienic
influence. Bad soaps injure the skin and worry the baby, Pears softens,
preserves and beautifies.

        The skin of a baby is kept sweet, wholesome and healthy and retains its
        baby softness and beauty to later years by the regular use of Pears.

A Word to Mothers

The comfort of a baby largely depends upon the condition of its skin,
which is so tender and .sensitive that only constant and unremitting care
can keep it free from .irritation. The first necessity and safeguard in
these matters is a soap that will act like balm upon the baby skin, that
soothes while it cleanses, is kind to the skin, and of a gentle emollient
daintiness. No soap answers to this description so completely as

> - M ■ *

            '* All rights, secured '

      OF ALL SCENTED SOAPS PEARS’ OTTO OF ROSE IS THE BEST.
      z

Moving a Huge Elevator . . . .
Telephoning from a Moving Train
Saw the " Iron Hoss," by Snodgrass,
Telephones on the N. Y. C. and St. L.
Collision Started the Air-Brake , .
Full Fare for Tall Children . . .
455,906,610 Free Transfers . . .
Cost of Stopping a Train .

Hoosac Tunnel To Be Electrified .

unior

  ISSUED MONTHLY BY THE FRANK A. MVNSEY COMPANY.
  175 Fifth Avenue. New York, and Temple House. Temple Avenue, E. C., London

                      FlUNK A. MOMir, President.	Ricdaud H. TmiuuMOTOV, Secretary.	CiwmtOmkr H. Pop*. Treasurer.

    Single Copies, 10c.	Copyright, 1911, by The Frank A. Muuaey Company	By the Year, $1.00

  THE RAILROAD MAN S MAGAZINE

:	CONTENTS FOR FEBRUARY

KnuraI ai lecmd-datt mailer, September 6, 191)6, at the Pott-Office, at Htte Tark, N. T., iindtr the Ad >1 OongnM 0/ Kart* 1, UN.

SERIALS.

Vanishing Railroaders. Part I...........John W. Saunders . .

In the Hornet’s Nest. Part IV..........Dan Duane.....

Through by Sunrise. Part III...........William S. Wright . .

Mason, the Grizzly. Part III...........Chauncey Thomas

SHORT STORIES.

Bluffing Through for Abel ...........Robert Fulkerson Hoffman

In the Social Whirl. (Illustrated.).........Emmet F. Harte . . .

When Wesley Came Back...........Lillian Bennet-Thompson

A Shocking Affair..............Augustus Wittfeld . .

At the Semaphore. (Illustrated.).........George Allan England

One Bottle of “ Water" ... ........R. M. West . . .

Bill Goes to a Concert. (Illustrated.)........F. H. Richardson . .

With the Going of Mother...........Felix G. Prentice . .

The Activity of Sunset.............Edgar Welton Cooley

SPECIAL ARTICL

When a Railroad Man Marries. (Illustrated.).....

Europe’s Most Famous Run...........

Observations of a Country Station-Agent. No. 33. (Illustrated.)

Passes of the Past............• . .

Up Against It ...............

Real Railroad Perils. (Illustrated.).........

Traffic Troubles of a Big City..........

Ten Thousand Miles by Rail. No. 9. (Illustrated.) . . .

How Coxey's Army Stole a Train.—True Slory No. 53

The A.B.C. of Freight Rates. Part II........

Told in the Smoker .............

The Fine Art of Bridge Building. Part II.......

VERSE AND DIVERSE.

The Man of the Survey. (Poem.)........J. Edward Hungerford

By the Light of the Lantern ...................

All Aboard! (Poem.) ............Thomas R. Ybarra

Flashes from the Headlight...................

The Railroad Man's Brain Teasers.................

 ES.

 Walter Gardner Seaver
 Robert H. Rogers

 J. E. Smith . .	.
 Charles Frederick Carter

 Arno Dosch . .	.

 Tom Jackson . .	.

 Edwin Morris . .	.

 Gilson Willets . .	.

 James W, Gavin .	.
 John C. Thomson
 Bertram Adler . . .
 Otto Schultz . . .

                                      32
                                      87
                                      127
                                      171

                                         9
                                         48
                                         61
                                         76
                                         97
                                         111
                                         139
                                         153
                                         166

                                                           I

                                                 15
                                                 23
                                                 43
                                                 56
                                                 67
                                                 83
                                                 115
                                                 136
                                                 142
                                                 149
                                                 157

                                                 14
                                                 106
                                                 164
                                                 169

..............186

 ANEOUS.

 When the Boiler Explodes.....86

 Rescue Cars for Miners......95

 The Heavy “Passenger" .....96

 Reverse-Bar Is the Thing......105

 Jerry Earns His Pension......126

 Wants To Be a Conductor.....135

  The Pennsy's Refrigerator Barges ...	138

  Across Europe on Welded Rails . . .	141

 On the Editorial Carpet......187
                                                                                                                           
CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING                                                                                                     
                                                 in the munsey magazines                                                   
                                                                                                  Line Hate \ f Line Rale  
           Muusey's Magazine.............................$2.50 | opecm j T|ie All-Story Magazine ...................$1.00  
    The Scrap Book...................................... f Combination Kate ■( The Railroad Man's Magazine.............75  
The Argosy........................................... 1.50 J $5.50 ( The Cavalier .....................................50  
                                                            March Railroad Man's Magazine Forms Close January 19th. $6.25  
AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

   Imi BIG 11111 BI'SIXESS selling now anil winning in-
 vention. Over 250,000 sold 1010—500,000 sales 1011.
 Alfml Iteno, Miss., writes: "Sold $25.00 first afternoon."
 Widely advertised—exclusive territory—big seller all the
 year around. Profits large for local or general sales agency.
 Give full particulars first letter. The Progress Comi'any.

HOI 21 0 Monroe St.. Cliicago._

  AGENTS CAN SicTTlTTir If SUN-HAT KEROSENE MAN-
TLE III'KNERS lo everybody who owns lamps; will sell on
sight : big commission, loo candle-power: tits all lamps:
ten times brighter than gas. Write for catalog and free par-
lieu In rs. Simplex Gaslight Co.. Dept. M. 23 I'ark U»w, N. Y.

  WANTED — AGENTS TO SELL PRINTERS. ENGI-
NEERS, motormen, anybody who wants clean hands.
Vitnco, The Perfect Hand Soap and Household Cleanser.
Let anybody try a sample and you make a quick sale. Add
¥12 per week easily to your income. We want hustling rep-
resentatives in every shop. Enclose 10c in stamps for lull
size can and particulars. Address Box D.t The J. T. IioB-
khtsow Co., Manchester, Conn.

   AGENTS earn big money weekly selling our new styles
 /embroidered waist patterns, princess dresses, petticoats, art
 ' linens, drawn work, silk shawls and scarfs, etc. Catalogue
 free. J. Gluck. 021 B'way, New York.

  YOU CAN EARN a handsome, stylish and well made
suit in an hour—and make big profits. < >urs is a decidedly
new plan—pleasant, easy and dignified. No experience
necessary. We furnish complete outfit free. Write today.
Paragon Taii.okini; Co., Dept. IS. Chicago.

  WE SHOW CONFIDENCE IN' m i: GOODS by giving
you free sample before you buy. Agents, both sexes—
Eureka Anil Splash Water Strainers are winners. Daily
profit $5 upward. Lei us prove it. Seed Filter ,v

a..... Co., 07y2 Readc SI., New York.__

  LIVE AGENTS WANTED—Hustlers to handle our at-
tractive 1011 combination packages of soap and toilet arti-
cles with valuable premiums. One Michigan agent made $65
in 47 lirs.. another i?21 in s hrs.. another $22.50 in lo
iirs. Write to-day. E. M. Davis So.vr Co.. 40 Union
Park Court. Chicago; 111.

  AGENTS—"DR. (XilHv'S CONFESSION" sells like wiTcT
ire. Etjggestmoney-makingopportunity iu years. $2.50 to$ln
laily. Ask for premium Offer and "Salary Plan." "Von."
•Sales Mgr.. Hampton's Magazine. Os W. i.">[11 si.. X. Y.

  WANTED — RESPONSIBLE REPRESENTATIVE in
every County to sell Hydron Carbon Lighting Systems.
200% profit. Full protection, exclusive territory to the
right man. Catalogues and full information free. Ad-
dress Dept. 8, National Stamping & Elec. Wks., Chicago.

   AGENTS—You can have Free our illustrated Fall cata-
 logue. containing everything you want to handle, also dress
 goods samples sent Free and express prepaid. Write today.
 Joseph T. Simon & Co.. 056 Broadway, New York.

  AGENTS WANTED EVERYWHERE to sell all kinds of
Printing, Knbber Slumps, etc. Large facilities. Good money
for good men. Write for catalog and information.

Lowbnthai. Wolf Company. Baltimore, Md.__

  MEN AND WOMEN—Our beautiful free samples of dain-
ty pattern laces gladly sent for the asking: will astonish
and delight you; send today. Dainty Pattern I.ace Co.,

 1	>epl. It. Box 7. Station II. New York City.

  AGENTS CAN MAKE 500% PROFIT handling our
Gold Window Letters. Novelty Signs, and Changeable
Signs. S00 varieties. Unlimited demand. Catalogue free.
Sl-llivan Co.. 1232 Van Buren St., Chicago, 111.

  AGENTS WANTED to sell our attractive Spring Dress
Goods. Silks and Fine Cotton Fabrics in every town. Iland-
smiieg.....Is. popular prices. Easy work, ......I pay. I.al’gesam-
ple outfit free lo responsible agents. Secure Spring territory
now. Natl. Dress Goods Co.. 260 W. B'way. Dept. 113. N. Y. C.

  $100 MONTHLY AND EXPENSES to trustworthy men
and women to travel and distribute samples; big manu-
facturer. Steady work. S. Scheffbr. Treas., MM132.

Chicago. _

  AGENTS—The B-H Pocket. Gas and Range Lighters arc
ireaking all records for rapid selling and large profits,
■exclusive territory to those who apply at once for Cata-
logue. Al'TO Igniter Co.. 1041 Broadway. New York City.

   Agents make money selling our New Idea combination purse,
 bill-fold, coin purse, memorandum book, pencil, identifica-
 tion pocket, all in one. Sellsat sight. Sample35c. S. Robbins,
 Mfr. Leather Novelties. 4104 12th Ave.. Brooklyn. N. Y.

  AGENTS—NOTICE! $30.00 weekly: 90 Big Money-
Makers. Easy selling plans. Everybody buys. Anybody can
sell. Biggest profits. Samples free to our agents. Send for
rataloglle. I!. C. MILLER Co.. Box 155. Muskegon, Mich.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

  ROOSEVELT’S OWN BOOK. •• African Game Trails.”
Wanted! By thousands in all parts of the country. Needed!
A man in every place to take this the sole account of
Theodore Roosevelt's adventures, by his own hand, to the
families in his locality. Offered! Strong co-operation, mo-
nopoly of field, high commission. Take the great chance and
write for prospectus now to Charles Scribxek's Sons.
152 Fifth Ave., New York.

  TAILORING SALESMEN WANTED to take orders for
our Guaranteed Made-To - Order Clothes. Suits—.$10 up.
No capital required. Write today for territory and com-
plete equipment. Address Warbixgton W. & W. Mills,
17:1 Adams St.. Department Chicago. III.

  Make money in spare time ^• 11 i 11 u $1,500 Accumulative
Accident policies that pay death claim for anti accident:
$10 w'kly benefits for £2 a year; insure anybody; strong
company. Siali. 1 $ r«... Gen. Agts., 100 William St.. N. Y.

  LARGE CHICAGO HOUSE wants representative in your
locality. Build up your own business; capital required $1 :
ordinary ability and willingness to work. M. G. Good Co..
203 Fifth Ave.. Chicago.

  1	WILL START YOU earning $4 daily at home in span-
time. silvering mirrors. No capital. Anyone can do the
work. Send for free instructive booklet, giving plans of
opera tion. G. I’. Redmond, Dept. B., Boston. Mass.

  AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY—Big pay. no experience,
no capital required. 5000 new art specialties: photo pillow
tops 25c. portraits 30c. bromides 25c. New 1911 catalog and
samples free. Write. Daniel H. Ritter Co., Madison
Street. Chicago, 111.	____

  WANTED—One Good Man in each town to take orders
for made-to-measure clothes. Cp-to-date styles, very low
prices; orders come easy. High-class permanent business;
line profits, .$5.00 a day and up. No money or experience
needed. We ship 011 approval, express prepaid, and guarantee
perfect lit. Write for free sample outfit and Inside price on
suit for yourself. Banner Tailoring Co.. Dept, out. Chit- »go.

  M«'\i:v MADE EASILY by subscription seeking for
Scribner's Mufiuzine. For particulars regarding liberal rash
commissions, etc.. address at once Desk S, Scribner's
Maoa/ine. 155 Fifth Ave.. New York City._

  AGENTS—PORTRAITS 35c. Frames 15 c*. Sheet Pic-
tures lc. Stereoscopes 25c. Views 1c. 30 days’ credit.
Samples and catalog free. Consolidated Portrait. Dept.

11	OS, 1027 W. Adams St.. Chicago.

  FOUR NEW PATENTS just introduced from Germany.
Over 500 other red hot sellers: no junk, but quick selling
down to date new patents. We send free sample, catalog, etc.
Geo. Y. Edgren Company, Milwaukee. Wis._

  AGENTS make big money selling our new gold letters for
office windows, store fronts, and glass signs. Any one can
put them on. Write today for free sample and full particu-
lars. Metallic Sign Letter Co.. 413 N. Clark St.. Chicago.

 $25 WEEKLY AND EXPENSES TO MEN AND WOMEN
to collect names, distribute samples and advertise. Steady
work. C. H. Emery. MG32. Chicago. 111.

HELP WANTED

  IF YOU CAN READ AND WRITE and are willing to
try. we will teach, train and equip you to be a top-notch,
scientific salesman. A splendid position with us is then
yours. No previous experience necessary. We want "I ran"
and •’/ \cilV* men for our permanent sales force. This is
an opening for the man who wants to be a real salesman
with exceptional money making opportunities. If you be-
lieve In doing business on a •*100% honesty basis.*’ if you
want "success,” if your wishbone is not where your back-
bone ought to be, write us today for full particulars.
Stack, Burroughs & Company 1 manufacturers’ represent-
atives), .”.11 Michigan Ave.. Chicago, offices 702._

BUSINESS CLIPPING

  WE FCKXISII COMMERCIAL, SCIENTIFIC, SOCIAL.
Political or Technical news from the current press all
over the world. We re:«d twice as many Publications a>
our nearest competitor. Write for booklet. I.rrE’s Press
Cl.ilTI.vn Bvreai:. CiS Devonshire St.. Boston. Mass.. also
GO Park Place. New York. X. Y.	_

BOATS AND LAUNCHES

  20-FOOT MOTOK BOAT. The best boat and on trine out
til ever offered for *275.00. Write now for descriptive book-
let. Sales Agents Wanted. Rue Brothers Company
Dept. E. East Boothbay. Maine.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

BUSINESS & CORRESPONDENCE
SCHOOLS

  PLOTS WANTED FOR MOTION PICTURE PLAYS.
You can write them. We teach you how by mail in 10 easy
lessons. Men or women. No experience and only common
school education necessary. Writers can earn $50 a week.
Demand increasing. Write now. Associate!’ Motion'
Picture Schools, 008 Chicago Opera House Block,
Chicago. 111.

  EARN $15 TO $35 A WEEK as moving picture oper-
ator. Details easily mastered in a few weeks by mall.
We lend you complete machine. Call or write for particulars.
Taylor School, 49 West 2Sth St.. New York City._

  YOUNG MAN. Big demand lor Automobile Experts. A
few weeks' study in your own home qualifies you. Earn
$35 to $50 a week. Job a cinch. Models free to every
student. Small down payment starts you. Write today
for our free prospectus with sample lessons, also plan to
earn cost of course. Buffalo Automobile School,
23 Franklin St.. Buffalo, N. Y.

  LEARN TO WRITE STORIES AND ARTICLES. Great
demand if well written. We teach you thoroughly by mail,
We also assist yon in marketing your MSS. Write for
catalog 'I'. Emerson School. Battle Creek. Mich.

  SHORTHAND IN 30 DAYS—Boyd Syllabic System—
written with only nine characters. No "positions," “ruled
lines.” "shading," "wo.rd-slgns," nor "cold notes.*'
Speedy, practical system that can lie learned in 30 .lays ni'
Inane study, utilizing spare rinn*. Ciii.'A.ai Cokieesponi»-
i:Xri: SrllOQ'.s, SI 1-112 Clark Si.. Chicago.

  I’NCI.E SAM WANTS RWI.WAY MAH. CLERKS
Customs House and Internal Revenue Employees. $soo to
$1500. Short hours. Rapid advancement. Spring Exami-
nations everywhere. Common education sufficient. Write
for list of places and dates. Coaching free. Fkaxki.in
Institute. Dept. E2. Rochester, N. Y.

   Shorthand in Seven Practical' Lessons. Most rapid meth-
 od. Plainer and easier than longhand. No shading. Com
 plete System. 25c. Money returned it nol satisfied. Corre-
 spondence Club is beneficial fun. 1'nigraphCo..Omaha. Neb.

    PATENT ATTORNEYS

 PA1L.M SI'.f I. LED OR FEE RETURNED* SEND
 ?ri\!w # r tree report as to patentability. Guide Book and

 II	hat to Invent, with valuable list .if Inventions Wanted,
 sent free. One Million Dollars offered for one invention.
 Patents secured by us advertised free in World's Progress;
 Sample free. Victor J. F.vans * Co.. Washington. D. C.

 What is more gratifying than to know that you have a
 dependable patent attorney V For the past 15 vears 1 have
 been serving clients faithfully, promptly, thoroughly andcon-
 scientiously. W h.v not try me? S. I. Prescott. I 1 I 5th av N Y
 PATENTS THAT PROTECT AND PAY. BSokT freel
 Highest references; best results. Send for list of Inven-
 tions Wanted. Patents advertised free. Send sketch or

 r .'! ‘v..r	c,fcar. \,. '\'Also-v I'* Coleman, Patent

          622 F Street, Washington, D. C.

    LITERARY PROPERTY

TRADE SCHOOLS

  LEARN THE PLUMBING. PLASTERING OR BRICK-
LAYING trades in a few months. Day and night classes.
You can enter at any time. No age limit. Call or write
for a free catalogue. Great Eastern Trade School,
4S East 32nd St.. New York City.

_STUDIES IN ENGLISH

  •• MEND YOUR SPEECH.” says Shakespeare, ** lest it
mar your fortune.” Let us show you our *• Studies in Eng-
lish.” character in correspondence, speechmaking and liter-
ature. Institute of English. Passaic. N. J.

 Wi: ARE tile only publishing house in the country .n>
 Dining the publishing and dramatization of books. Among our
 pook and play successes are •‘Quincy Adams Sawyer.’’

 • Vii™ «,0,!.,cosUs* .. “Klennerhassett......riie Kentuckian.”

 Hope Hathaway, etc. Send us your manuscript. It m.-iv
 be just what we want. We also publish school Text Books
 1 he C. M. Clark Publishing Co.. Boston. Mass.

_POPULAR SHEET MUSIC

 S"NO WRITERS—COMPOSERS. Send us y.nir songs and
 Inst, Mss. I ublication guaranteed if acceptable. New York
 *? only place, and we an- New York's leadinn music pub.

 150 West 3m St!Y^w Yo^k. *’ B~ HAV‘LAND PtlB' C°-

__MISCELLANEOUS^

 TOBACCO IIAP.IT CI’REI) OR NO COST. Harmless
 home treatment of ........ an.l herbs. Sure, pleasant per-
 manent. Send your name quick. Ki.ni; Ni-Ko 10. Wichita
 Kansas.

FOR THE DEAF

 SEND FOR FREE 30-DAY TRIAL OFFER of the Auris
 —latest electrical invention for the deaf. Smallest, light-
 est. cheapest. Write today. Aims Co.. Suite IS, 1301
 Broadway. New York.

        FOR MEN

ELOCUTION & DRAMATIC ART

  ACTING. ORATORY. PLAY WRITING: Learn the best-
paying, most fascinating profession in the world. You can
earn §25 to $500 weekly. We have taught the subject by
correspondence successfully for years. Satisfied students
everywhere. Write for Free Book Dramatic Art. Chicago
School of Elocution. 1238 Grand Opera Mouse, Chicago.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

  GO INTO P.I SINESS FOR YOURSELF. Learn to be a
tailor by our easy mail course. Big profits: no capital
required. Sr. cess S' iiooi. op Cutting, 201 Success Bldg.,

Jackson. Mich.____

   BIG PROFITS: Open 11 dyeing and cleaning establish-
 ment : splendid held, very little capital needed. We tell
 you how. Write for our free booklet. Tub Ben-Vonde
 System, Dept. A-C, Staunton. Va.

GAMES AND ENTERTAINMENTS

  SEND FOR FREE CATALOGUE of Professional and
Amateur Plays. Vaudeville Sketches. Minstrel Jolces, Illus-
trated Pantomimes, Monologues, Recitations, Make-up Ma-
terials. etc. Du k FiTZciKli.M.li. 10 Ann St., New York.

 SLI.I.I IN A MINI TE in broad daylight. Use a “Byrne
 ^ hi in her er. Saves the eyes, gives yon a lull day's rest;
 just the thing for railroad men. By mail 50c. E. .1 Byunk
 253 Brock Ave.. Toronto. Canada.

FOR THE LAME

 THE PERFECTION EXTENSION SHOE for any person
 with one short limb. No more unsightly cork soles, irons,
 etc.. needed. Worn with ready made shoes. Shipped ..11 trial
 Write for booklet. Henhy I!. Lots. 313 Third Ave N Y

REAL ESTATE

             CALIFORNIA

 MOVING WEST—Don't sell your household g.....Is -ship

 them at reduced rates in through cars to and from Western
 States. Transcontinental Fkeioiit Co., 553 Bedford
 Bldg.. Chicago. 111. : (‘.5:1-20 Broadway. New York.

          NEW JERSEY ~

 A Homesite for $10. Building lots in growing section
 of New Jersey from $10 upwards. Fortunes made in fore-
 siglited real estate investment. District bound to appreciate
 in value. Write at once for particulars. .1. F. IIocii. 100
 Market St.. Newark. N. .T.

TEXAS

 WRITE TODAY for booklet of Texas views, bargain bul-
 letin and complete map of the State. Big money is being
 made in Texas lands. If you can lay aside a lew dollars
 each mouth il will pay you to get this information.
 X. R. Lowry. Austin. Texas.

STAMPS AND RARE COINS

   $7.75 paid for raw date 1853 Quarters. $20 for a $%•
 Keep all money dated before 1XS4. mid send 10c at once for
 New Illustrated Coin Value P.ook. -1x7. It may mean your
 fortune. Clark & Co., Coin Dealers, Dept. 37, Le Roy, N.Y.

SMOKERS' ARTICLES

  GENUINE IMPORTED VIENNA MEERSCHAUM PIPE
—Chinese Amber stem. Looks like a high-priced Meerschaum,
and warranted to color. Money back if not satisfied. Price
50c postpaid. Tin* Smoke Shop Specialties Co.. Holyoke, Mass.

TYPEWRITERS

GENUINE TYPEWRITER BARGAINS. No matter
what make, will quote you lower prices and easiest terms.
Write for big bargain list and illustrated catalogue.
L. .1. Peabody, 03 Minot Bldg.. Boston, Mass.

TELEGRAPHY

 TELEGRAPHY, both Morse and Wireless, taught quickly.
 Also Station Agency Work. R. R. Dispatcher's and Western
 Union wires, and complete wireless station in school. Big
 demand for operators. Living expenses earned. Correspond-
 ence courses if desired. Catalogs free. DonCB’S Institute,
 0th Sr., Valparaiso, Ind. Established 1S74.

 In answering 'inn adverHtSinent mi this page it is desirable Unit you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
1'HE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

IN AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS

NICE WORK-BIG PAY-DANDYJOB

You Can Easily Learn

to be an automobile salesman, chauffeur,
demonstrator or repairman. Our home-studv
course of 10 weeks is simple, practical and
interesting. No mechanical experience re-
quired. Our graduates are everywhere, earning
$25 to $50 weekly in positions we obtained
for them. Free model of automobile to every
student. Highly endorsed and reasonable.
SEND FOR FREE LESSON AT ONCE
A postal will bring it. Chauffeurs and com-
petent men supplied owners and garages.

Empire Auto Institute

303 Empire BIdg. Rochester. N. Y.

 77Original A tdo School

j)	Learn Photography, (

Photo-Engraving or 3-Color Work

Engravers and 3-Color Operators Earn $20 to$5 O Per Week.

Ouly College in the world whcro these paying professions are
taught successfully. Established 17 years. Endorsed by Interna-
tional Association of Photo-Engravers and Photographers’ Asso-
ciation of Illinois. Terms easy; living inexpensive. Graduates
assisted In securing good positions. Write lor catalog, and
specify course in which you are interested.

Illinois College of Photography or ) 784 Wabash Av.
Bissell College of Photo-Engraving j Effingham. 111.

L. H. BISSELL. Pres.

Government ffcition
in Yoi/r Line of Work

Whatever line of work moat appeals to yon, y
*nt position in that particular 1

ou can secure

 ...... ,........... -ine, provided

The International Correspond-

good government .

you are an American over 18. ----

ence Schools will train you at home and in your spare time to

Eass any U. S. Civil Service examination. No untried methods;
ut safe and sure success is assured, as shown by the hundreds
of I. C.S. students now holding splendid government positions
everywhere. Doesn't matter what you now do or where you
live, the I. C. S. can help you if you are willing. Our tree
Civil Service book gives part iculars of the various courses, and
explains how you can qualify through I. C. S. help. Let the
1. C. S. advise you, for the I. C. S. way is the right way.
Finding out hour you can qualify costs you nothing.
Simply write to-day to
International Correspondence Schools
Boxl003-S Scranton, Pa.

A

“ HELP
WANTED

Railway Mail Clerks
Internal Revenue Employees
Custom House Examiners and Clerks
City Carriers — Postoffice Clerks

Many Spring Examinations

Over 15,000 positions will be filled
during 1911.

8002® to $18002® aYear
for LIFE/

  No" layoffs ” without pay, because of strikes, financial
  flurries or the whims of some petty boss. Excellent
  opportunities for quick advancement to Higher	cpiur)

 Government Positions. If you want imme-	_ Fi . c

 diate appointment, send TODAY for our	I n I »

 schedule showing locations and dates of	COUPON

the Spring examinations. Any delay ^
means the loss of just so much
time in preparing yourself
for examination.

                    Franklin
                    Institute

We Prepare	Dept. E 115, Rochester, N. Y.

 Candidates^^^ This coupon, filled out as directed, en-
 Free.	titles the sender to a free copy of our book,

           “ Government Positions and How to Obtain
     Them,” and to consideration for Free Coaching
     for the examination here checked.

 ..-Ralltvay Mall Clerk [160" to |14001	Customs PobUIods [9600 to 11600]

 .. .PoBtoffico Clerk (KWO to 112001	Internal Revenue [1700 to 918001

 . . .Poatoffic® Carrier [9600 to f12001	Stenographer [9000 to 916001

 . . .Rural Mall Carrier [I6O0 to *9001	Clerk In tho Depart- [1500 to 91600)

 . . .Bookkeeper [9900 to 91600j	menu at Washington

Name....,...........................................................

CAN YOU DRAW?

             We will turn your talent into money. Our
             Graduates are filling HIGH SALARIED
             POSITIONS.

           We will open to you one of the most
 profitable and delightful fields of human
 endeavor —THE BROAD FIELD OF ART where the
 demand always exceeds the supply.

Earn S25 to SI00 per Week

 in easy, fascinating work. Splendid Opportunities
 await our students, because our twelve years of
 successful teaching enable us to offer Many Special
 Advantages which lit them for large pecuniary profit.

          Individual Home Instruction

by Expert Faculty. Superior Equipment.

Financial Returns Guaranteed

      Complete Courses in Commercial, Fashion, Magazine,
 Book. Advertisement Illustrating: Newspaper. Cartooning,
 Lettering. Designing, Show Card. Architectural Perspective,
 Photo Retouching, Normal, Color, General Drawing, etc.

        ARTISTS’ FREE OUTFIT

      of Fine Instruments and Supplies to each Stndentt
 Write Today for particulars and Handsome Art Book free.

SCHOOL OF APPLIED ART Fouf|||

 D1S Fine Arts Building
 Battle Creek, Michigan

In answering ""V advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Victor-Victrbla

-rrawg

                                                              Victor-Victrola

                                                                             Other styles $200

  That’s where the Victor-
Victrola is pre-eminent.

You might be able to build a cabinet
that outwardly would resemble a Yictor-
Yictrola. You might even copy the
inside construction and details, if they
were not protected by patents. But
there is no copying the superior Yictor-
Victrola ton e-quality.

That represents years of patient exper-
iment—with various woods, with differ-
ent proportions, with numerous vibratory
surfaces—and it is simply astonishing
how slight a variation in size, in shape,
in position, produces discord instead of
harmony.

   No, the Victor-Victrola tone can’t be

equaled! Even though the eye could take

in every detail of construction, there is

still that same indescribable “something”

which makes the Stradivarius supreme

among violins, which gives to the Yictor-

\ ictrola such a wonderfully sweet, clear

and mellow tone as was never known

beiore.	Hear the Victor-Victrola to-

                         day at the nearest Victor deal-
                         er’s—you'll spend a delightful
                         half-hour and come away with
                         a greater love for music and a
                         more thorough appreciation
                         of this superb instrument.
                         Victor Talking Machine Co.
                         Camden, N. J., U.S.A.

                                Berliner Gramophone Co., Montreal
                                Canadian Distributors.

                             To pet best results, use only
                             Victor Needles on Victor Records.

Victor-Victrola X,

$75

Victor-Victrola XI,

$100

        New Victor Records are on sale at all dealers on the 28th of each month

In aiwicci iny this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

ENLIST AS LOCAL AGENT

  for the Fast-Working, Fast-Selling

Oliver Typewriter!

TtJ®-

  OLIVER

Typcwri-t^r

The Standard Visible Writer

THE OLIVER TYPEWRITER CO., 214 Oliver Typewriter Bldg., Chicago

    The battle lines of the Oliver Typewriter forces are forming for an-
other campaign of conquest. The triumphs of 1910—the most brilliant ever achieved
by a great sales organization—have served to inspire to more mighty deeds in the
coining year.

    The roll-call of the Oliver Sales Organization shows over 15,000 men under
 arms—the most magnificent body of trained salesmen in the world.

This Sales Force, great as it is, cannot cope with the tremendous increase in
business which the popularity of the Oliver Typewriter has created.

Resident Agents Wanted in Every Town and Village

writer is left to his own discretion.

                                            Teachers, tradesmen, doctors,
                                          ministers, lawyers, stenographers,
                                          telegraph operators, printers, me-
                                          chanics—men and women in a multi-
                                          tude of different occupations—can
                                          succeed as Local Agents for the
                                          Oliver Typewriter. If you have the
                                          will to take up this work, we will
                                          point out the way.

   This advertisement is a call for re-
 inforcements—to enable the Oliver
 Sales Force to extend its skirmish
 lines to all sections of the country.

   The central idea of our selling sys-
 tem is to have—everywhere—a vigi-
 lant agent of the Oliver Typewriter
 constantly on the ground. Whether
 that agent devotes part or all of his
 time to the sale of the Oliver Type-'

The Oliver Typewriter has been breaking records
since the day it was placed on the market. Efficiency
records, speed records, endurance records—it has
won them in quick succession. It sets the swiftest
pace in sales by giving unparalleled service.

With several hundred less parts than other standard
typewriters, its simplicity, strength, ease of operation, ver-
satility and convenience are correspondingly increased.

“17-Cents-a-Day” Plan
A Wonderful Aid to Agents

   This machine, with all of its advantages, all of its
time and labor-saving devices, the I.ocal Agent can
buy—and sell—for Seveiiteeu-Cents-a-Day.

The Oliver Typewriter No. 5—the newest model—
the S100 machine—equipped with a brilliant array of
new devices and conveniences, actually offered for
pennies!

This irresistible offer enables the I.ocal Agent to
succeed right from the word “ go ! ”

Write for Inspiring Book,

“The Rise of the Local Agent”

   Read the life stories of men who ro-e from the I.ocal
Agency ranks to positions of Ereat importance 111 the
Oliver Organization—How one Local Aaent is today the
Typewriter King of Mexico. (Mexican Government reports

show that more Oliver Typewriters are imported than all
other lypewrilers combined.)

These inspiring stories will open your eyes to the big
opportunities still open for ambitious men to carry the

Oliver flag, fight for new records and reap the rewards of
success.

Send a personal letter today while the Call for Volunteer*
is ringing in your ears.

Address Agency Department	(67)

In answerin'/ this advertisement it is desirable that jmu mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

let

*3.

 NO CAPITAL NECESSARY

    If you nre ambitious to better your condition—if you want to establish
    yourself in a splendid paying business requiring no capital —send me your
    name and address and X will mail you—free—a valuable 62-page prospectus
    explaining our system of money-making, without interfering with your
    present occupation. We have perfected a thoroughly practical scien-
    tific method of teaching by mail the

Real Estate, Brokerage and
Insurance Business

         Under our plan, we teach these big money-making branches to
   one able, ambitious and energetic person in each community. When
   you are thoroughly qualified to make a success of the business, we
   appoint you

Special Representative

   This gives you a chance to identify yourself with the oldest and
   largest Co-operative Beal Estate and Brokerage Company in America. By

 concern in the world. So the sooner you investigate our plan, tile
 sooner you will get your name on your own real estate signs and be
 ready tor business.

Valuable Commercial Law Course Free

    To each of our representatives we also give a thorough course in com-
mercial law without cost. The instruction is indispensable to any
man who wants to make his way in the business world. We
teach you, free, everything you need to know to successfully
meet legal problems that may arise in any business trans-
action. And we also furnish you free legal advice whenever
you require it.

Send For This Book Now

     Onr Big 62-Page Free Prospectus will prove of great interest and
real value to anyone, but it is of vital importance to office employes, sales-
men, agents, clerks, solicitors and others who are ambitious to enter the
realms of bettor things in business. This book is an inspiration to the
indifferent, a spur to the laggard, and a stimulus to the ambitious. It
deals with the great problems of business, and points the only sure way to
the complete mastery of Real Estate, Brokerage and Insurance, three of
the most profitable branches of modern business, which have made many
millionaires and brought great prosperity to tens of thousands of active,
energetic men all over the land.

      MAIL THE COUPON TODAY

    Don't procrastinate. Act! Anything that is worth doing is worth
doing promptly. Resolve to send for this big free prospectus, and send for
it right now, while the matter is before you. “I’ll do it tomorrow" has
been the grave of countless good intentions. "I’ll do it today" is the solid
rock on which to build the only enduring success.

     Just clip the coupon, fill it out, sign and send today. By return mail
yon will receive free the invaluable book, which to thousands of ambitious men
has proved the key that opens the door of great achievements in business.

INTERNATIONAL REALTY CORP., r,r«'° £Xe£T,.Co

                     1237 Manhattan Building. Chicago

     COUPON
The International Realty Corp.,
Successors lo THE CROSS COMPANY,
1237 Manhattan Bldg., Chicago
Please send me, by return mail,
your big 62-page Free Prospectus
and oblige.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that yuu men/ion Tiie Raii-road Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

armour accompany

CHICAGO

Fine Ham is a
Matchless Dish

A generation ago it took first place in
the elaborate “ party ” suppers, and no
festive occasion was complete without it.

Today you may surpass even those
!, delicious, old-fashioned cured hams by
asking for Armour’s “ Star ” Ham.

Selected from the finest of the mil-
•; lions we cure yearly, slowly smoked over
i.; smouldering hickory logs until every
5: fibre is reached, they are firm, tender,
ij juicy and delicate.

There is no greater table economy
j than the purchase of a whole “ Star ”
Ham. Kept in reserve and used from
as needed it adds delightful variety to
your table.

Armour's “ Star ” Bacon is as carefully selected
and perfectly cured as are the “Star” Hams.
| Sliced wafer-thin, packed in glass jars, it always
cooks evenly—is crisp, brown and delicious.

Also sold in the piece.

Armours

“Star” Hams and Bacon

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Hailboau Man’s Magazine.
THE F&ILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE

Vol. XIV.	FEBRUARY, 1911.	No. 1.

When a Railroad Man Marries.

BY WALTER GARDNER SEAVER.

HERE'S a bunch of off-duty yarns of the that-reminds-me brand, concerning-
the doings of some railroaders who had a weakness for playing practical
jokes at weddings. In this day and generation, however, brides and
grooms are pretty apt to be on the lookout for pranks, but in Mr. Seaver’s stories
the attempts to have fun with newlyweds didn't always work out in just the way
they 'were planned.

     The reception that Hank Mason’s mother-in-law tendered the would-be
merrymakers was certainly a good one on the crowd, and Walt Marsh and his
bride could well afford to laugh at the efforts of their friends to give them a sur-
prise that turned their impromptu wedding journey into such a pleasant outing.

A Private Car Abduction, a Charivari that Missed Fire, and a Case of the
Wearing of the Green that Nearly Broke
Up a Wedding.

HAT'S the matter,Mike?
  You look down in the
  mouth.”

    “ I have just read
in the morning paper
an account of a wreck
on the Santa Fe in which Red Rooney was
killed.”

  “Who’s Red Rooney?”

  “Oh, I forgot that you did not know
him. Red was an Irish bov employed as a
sort of messenger or errand-boy at the Iron
Mountain depot and yards in Frederick-
town. He was originally christened Mi-
chael Rooney, .but his hair was such a
flaming red that everybody took to calling
1 RR	i

him Red. I guess that most people forgot
that he ever had a Christian name.”

  "Well, what about that?”

  “ Oh, nothing much. Red got to be a
wiper. Then he went out on the road,
firing, and after three years and a half at
that job he was made a runner. He left
the Iron Mountain along in the early eight-
ies to go out on the Santa Fe.

  “ While he was a kid in the yards he •
was the butt of everybody, and he took all
the jokes that were played on him in good
part. However, he nursed a particular
grudge for Jerry Phalen, for Jerry rubbed
it in on him pretty hard; and when Jerry’s.,
sister Kitty was married he certainly got
2

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

even. But wait till I tell you how the origi-
nal trouble started. The first time that Jerry
rubbed Red's fur die wrong way was one
day when he came in on No. 2 from St.
Louis.

   “Jerry had taken his engine down to the
coal-shed track where the wipers were pull-
ing her fire while he was washing up.
The division super happened along. He
liked Jerry pretty well, although there was
only oiie man on the road that was a
greater practical joker than Jerry, and that
was Bob McQuaide, who had come there off
the Illinois Central.

   “ The super took as much enjoyment out
of the jokes as any one, but he was con-
stantly in hot water lest some of the jokes
should happen to come his way. He knew
very well that neither Jerry nor Bob cared
a rusty picayune about his title, and that
they would not hesitate to play a trick on
the president of the road if they had a
chance.

         Jerry Dyes His Dome.

                >

  “ Well, the super had come along and
climbed up into the cab to chat with Jerry,
when Red came along. This was Jerry’s
chance, so he said to the super:

   “ ‘ I think it about time that you gave
orders for Rooney to dye his hair black or
some other color. As it is now, every en-
gineer coming into the yard that happens
to get a glimpse of that head, shuts her off
thinking he's seen a red flag. Enginemen
can’t make time if they are flagged down
every time they come into the yard.’

  “The super gravely promised that it
should be attended to and that he would
see that the necessary orders were given at
once. Red heard the conversation, and,
boy-like, he imagined that it was all
straight, that he would be ordered to dye
his hair as Jerry had suggested, but lie
then and there registered a vow that he
would get even.

   “ The next day the station-agent handed
Red a bottle and told him that the super had
ordered that he must dye his hair; that as
he would not wear a cap half the time, the
enginemen were constantly mistaking his
red head for a red flag, and were always
plugging their engines as a result.

   “ Red imagined that to disobey the su-
per’s orders meant almost instant annihila-
tion, for in his eyes the super was the big-
gest man on the road, so he took the bottle

and at the first opportunity applied it lib-
erally. His hair turned a glossy black,
and, for a while, he was rather proud of
it, but when the men got to pretending they
didn’t know him and saying: 1 Howd’y,
where’s Rooney? ’ it was not so funny.

   “ Several days passed and the men grad-
ually dropped the custom of ignoring
Rooney when he answered their calls. Mat-
ters went on much the same as before. One
Sunday, a party of engine-runners, firemen,
and wipers got a team and went out to
the Little St. Francois River, about a mile
and a half east of Mine La Motte station,
to fish. Rooney was with them, and happy
as a clam at high water.

   “ The party fished a while with fairly
good luck. They had luncheon, and were
lying on the bank smoking and telling
yarns, when some one proposed that-as it
ivas such a hot afternoon that all hands
take a swim.

   “ Red was the first to hit die water. He
stood on a rock that jutted out into the
stream and took a header. The others
quickly followed.

   “ The river at this point offered about a
quarter of a mile of good swimming. The
water was from five to twenty feet deep.
The men were soon swimming races. After
a couple of hours, they resumed their cloth-
ing, and again became interested in fishing.

  “ According to his custom of never
wearing a hat unless he was compelled to,
Rooney had left his ‘ lid ’ on the bank,
while the rays of the sun beat squarely on
his head. None of the men noticed him
for some time, until Jerry, having pulled
out a bass, turned to rebait his hook, when
he happened to glance at Rooney. He
rubbed his eyes and then looked again.
Then he let out a yell that would have
wakened the seven sleepers.

A Patriotic Pompadour.

   “ Rooney’s hair had turned a vivid red
at the roots, while the outer edges showed
the dye, which either the water or the sun
or perhaps the combination had turned from
black to a bright green.

   “ ‘ Holy mackerel, bovs, look at Rooney,
will ye? Sure it’s the loyal Irishman he
is! He wears the green above the red.’

  “ The boys looked. A howl went up as
was never before heard in the woods of
Madison County. Poor 'Rooney had no
idea of the cause of the fun. He simply
WHEN A RAILROAD MAN MARRIES.

3

had to take it as best he could. When the
part)’ struck the edge of the town, some-
body hid Rooney’s hat, and the gang drove
down the streets singing ‘ The Wearing o'
the Green,’ with Rooney and his green hair
on the seat beside the driver.

  “Rooney laid it all to Jerry Plialen.
He swore that he would
make him sorry for his
trick. Just how he was to
get even he did not know,
but he smiled and joked
and grimly bided his time.

  “Now, Jerry was the
support of a widowed
mother and a sister. Kitty
Plialen was as pretty a girl
as ever appeared on the
streets of Fredericktown.

Jerry thought there never
had been and never would
be such another smart,
bright, and witty girl as his
sister Kitty.

  “ It came to pass that
Kitty was wooed and won
by a prosperous young
merchant of the town. All
the railroad men had a bid
to the doings, of course,
and Rooney was among
them.

  “One day, just before
the^ wedding, he heard
Jerry’s mother say that
they must get a cat, as the
house that the newly mar-
ried pair would occupy
had been idle for some
time, and she knew it was
overrun with mice. This
gave Rooney his cue.

  “ He procured a lot of
the company letter-heads
and envelopes, and, in the silence of his
room, concocted a letter which he sent to
every agent on the division from St. Louis
to Fredericktown.

  “ It stated that Jerry Phalen’s sister,
Kitty, was to be married on a certain date,
and that a good, skilful mouser would be
a most acceptable wedding present.

  “Each agent was instructed to put the
cat in a basket, securely tied, hand it to
the train baggageman on No. 1 the day
before the wedding, and deadhead it
through to Fredericktown. As the scrawl
was written on stationery bearing the name

of the division superintendent, no one.
thought to examine the scrawling signa-
ture at the bottom.

  “ The agent at Desoto wanted to go fish-
ing on the day before the wedding, so he
sent his cat—a fine Maltese—down on No.

1	two days ahead of time. With it was

a neat note wishing the happy pair all the
felicity possible, and trusting that ‘ Gen-
eral,’ as the Maltese was named, would
prove an acceptable member of the family.
Kitty was delighted with ‘ General.’ They
became close friends at once, and she wrote
a letter of thanks to the Desoto agent.

  Jerry Takes Charge of the “Presents."

  “ The next day Rooney was on hand as
No. 1 came in. As luck would have it,
Jerry was not going out on his run on No.

2	that day, as he was laying off one trip
4

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

on account of the wedding, and he was up-
town with his brother-in-law-to-be, so that
Rooney had the field all to himself. It
came to pass that when the No. 1 stopped
at the depot and the baggageman began
handing out basket after basket, swearing
viciously as he took up each one, no one
thought it at all strange that Rooney should
be there to receive the stuff sent to Jerry.

  “ Rooney had impressed a number of
small boys into his service, and the baskets
with their contents were carefully stored
away in the sand-house until he should
have occasion to use them. There were
twenty-six stations between Fredericktown
and St. Louis, each of which sent a cat,
besides six more which came from the
shops at Carondelet. All the agents had
cheerfully complied with the request to send
Kitty a good mouser as a wedding present,
and they did so willingly because they all
liked Jerry. Each basket had a card at-
tached with the name of the donor.

Delivering the Goods.

  “ The party had assembled in the parlor
of Jerry’s cottage, the minister had finished
tying the knot, when Rooney’s brigade of
sixteen small boys arrived with their con-
signment of cats. Each boy carried two
baskets. Rooney had been busy all the
afternoon. As he came in followed by the
brigade marching in a column of twos, the
crowd hailed them with various ejacula-
tions.

  “ Rooney stepped to the center of the
room and told Jerry that the baskets had
arrived on No. 1 and that he had taken
care of them, knowing that Jerry was busy.
As each basket bore the address of a dif-
ferent station, he concluded that it was a
lot of wedding presents and brought them
over.

  “ Jerry and Kitty both thanked him, and
Kitty went down on her knees and began
untying the covers of the baskets. As basket
after basket was opened, out hopped a cat
wearing a green ribbon around his neck and
a red one around his forepaw. Kitty
thought it a good joke until she had opened
three or four baskets, but then it did not
seem so funny.

   “ Finally all the baskets were opened and
there were thirty-two cats, all sizes, kinds,
and conditions, each wearing a green ribbon
around his neck and a red one around one
of his forepaws. Roars of laughter fol-

lowed as cat after cat came into view. The
felines sat a moment blinking at the light,
but when each feline saw a lot of strange
cats making faces at him, it was not to be
endured. In about five minutes there was
a free-for-all fight in full progress.

A Feline Fracas.

  “ For a while the men were betting on
which cats would win and which would
lose, the women were up on the chairs, and
Jerry and the bridegroom were endeavoring
to get rid of cats with brooms and pokers.
Finally, all the cats were chased out.
When quiet was restored, Rooney said to
Jerry:

  “ ‘ Sure,'Jerry, you don't seem to enjoy
seeing the green above the red as much
as you thought you would, eh.’

  “ But that was Red’s way of getting even
for the hair-dye joke.

  “ Rooney went north with Bob Mc-
Quaide, who was pulling No. 4 that night,
showed up at the shops at Carondelet for
a day or so and then disappeared. He did
not appear in Fredericktown for a month.
When he did, Mr. Dunkerly, editor of the
Farmer and Miner, interviewed him and
the whole story was told.

  “ Kitty forgave Rooney, but he kept out
of Jerry’s way for a long time. Jerry
would stand for anything in the way of a
joke on himself, but when it came to one
on his sister, it was different, and there
would have been trouble for the joker if
Jerry got a chance at him.

Marsh Meets His Affinity.

  “That reminds me of the story that
Walter Marsh told me of the trick that was
played on him by the boys on the Illinois
Central. Marsh had been firing for three
years, most of the time having the 112.

  “The 112 was pulling way-freight most
of the time between Centralia and Cairo.
In those days a way-freight was anywhere
from ten to eighteen hours getting over
the division, and had to take dust from
everything else on the road.

  “ You younger chaps have no idea of
the soul-wearing work that it used to be
for train crews in the seventies, especially
those of a local freight, when the trains
were run by the time-card instead of by
the wire.

  “Du Quoin being the junction point of
WHEN A RAILROAD MAN MARRIES.

the Cairo Short Line and the Illinois Cen-
tral, was probably the most important sta-
tion on the division, except possibly Car-
bondale. The 11 2 would go south one day
and north the next, and it almost invariably
happened that they would be laid out at
Du Quoin from thirty minutes to two
hours.

  •	“A pretty girl lived near the depot.
She was about eighteen, and it was not
long before Walter spied her. He began
to sit up and take notice and soon con-
cluded that he would like to get acquainted
with her.

  “Walter was a fine looking young fel-
low, strong as an ox, and afraid of no-
body. He was fairly well educated and a
great , lover of books. The girl had sim-
ilar tastes, Well, when you get fire and
tow in close proximity the chances are good
for a blaze, and Walter finally concluded
that this was the girl that he would like
to make Mrs. Marsh.

Wedding-Bells for Two.

  “ He finally managed to summon up suf-
ficient nerve to pop, and was accepted.
The engagement was short, for Walter was
a saving sort of an individual, and already
had a snug little nest egg in the bank.
When he passed his examination and was
given an engine, he concluded that there
was no need to wait longer.

  “ At that time the Cairo Short Line
trains were pulled from
St. Louis to Du Quoin by
a St. Louis, Alton and
Terre Haute engine, and
by an Illinois Central
engine from Du Quoin to
Cairo. Walter had been
given this plug passenger
run, doubling the road
between Du Quoin and
Cairo so that his layover
came at Du Quoin, which
was all to the good so far
as he was concerned. In
the seventies, Cairo,
though a flourishing city,
was a good place to stay
away from owing to ma-
laria.

  “The wedding-day ar-
rived, and the boys got
busy. It would establish
a bad precedent if any of

the crowd were allowed to marry without
some sort of a trick being played, but for
once the ingenuity of the gang was at a loss.
They knew that Walt was up to all the jokes
usually played and that he woyld be on the
watch.

  “ At this time, word came that the gen-
eral manager was at St. Louis, and was
coming down the line in his private car,
running special. A committee invaded the
super’s office and he received them affably,
wondering what was up that a delegation
of the men should be calling upon him.
Bob Wade, who had been Walter’s en-
gineer, and who was largely responsible
for his creditable showing on his examina-
tion for a runiVer, was the spokesman.

Framing Up a Frolic.

  “ In a few words, he reminded the super
that Walter was to be married that even-
ing, and, in order to maintain the time-
honored custom of the division, it was nec-
essary that the event should not be allowed
to pass without some trick being played
upon the bridegroom, and, also, that they
had come to him for help. The super did
not show the relief he felt when he learned

"rooney had been busy all the afternoon.”
6

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

what the boys wanted, and was quite ready
to promise his assistance.

  “ A wire was sent to the general man-
ager’s private secretary and in return the
super got a message signed by the general
manager saying that he wanted Marsh anti
no one else to pull him over the division.

  “Walter was married at nine o’clock.
While the guests were at supper, a message
came ordering Marsh to pull the general
manager’s special to Cairo, leaving Du
Quoin at eleven o’clock.

  “There was no help for it. The rules
required that a man should be on his en-
gine an hour before leaving time, and as it
was just ten o’clock. Walter had to skip.
His bride broke down when she heard the
news, but realizing that this was what she
must expect as a railroader's wife, she took
it calmly. As she kissed him good-by, she
promised that she would be at the depot
before the train pulled out.

  “ But the little woman was reckoning
without her host. She did not yet know
the length to which that crowd would go

to play a joke. Walter had hardly disap-
peared when a carriage drove up and she
was told that all her friends would accom-
pany her to the depot.

   “ In the meantime, the special had ar-
rived considerably ahead of time and the
super soon put the general manager wise.
The general manager said he would go a
step further. Entering his car, he woke
his wife whom he put in possession of the
facts, and the two planned to abduct the
bride and take her to Cairo.

Kidnaped in a Private Car.

   “Under pretense that he wanted her to
meet his wife, Mrs. Marsh was taken into
the car. The signal was given. Marsh
had been straining his eyes through the
dim light of the lanterns to see his bride.
She was not visible. A broken-hearted
bridegroom pulled the throttle that night.

   “ Mrs. Marsh was somewhat frightened
when the train began to move and the gen-
eral manager’s wife consoled her. saying it
was too bad. that they must have forgot-
ten that she was aboard. They had a spare
stateroom on the car and would make her
as comfortable as possible, and she could
1 surprise her husband by meeting him at
the St. Charles in Cairo, instead of on the
platform at Du Quoin.

“The general manager’s wife was much
taken with the bride, and it was not long
until the two women were
on as friendly a footing as
though one's husband was
not the head of the oper-
ating department and the
other’s an engine-runner.
The friendship there
formed lasted for life, with
the result that when the
general manager left the
road to go to another,
Marsh went with him.

   “Walter’s fireman found
that his chief, was not as
cordial as usual that night.
He had little to say be-
yond a few words about
the engine. The special
pulled into Cairo and ran
down the Ohio levee to the
St. Charles, w here it
stopped, and Walter swung
down to make his usual
inspection of his engine.

WALTER WAS FRIGHTENED TO A FRAZZLE.
WHEN A RAILROAD MAN MARRIES.

7

" HANK WAS NOT THERE.

  “ He had bent down to feel the boxes of
the truck wheels, when a pair of soft arms
were thrown around his neck, and he turned
to see his bride.

  “ Walker was frightened to a frazzle at
first, but he soon got his bearings.

  “ The general manager hurried up, ac-
companied by his wife, whom he intro-
duced to Marsh, greasy and black from his
run, and she insisted on shaking his hand
regardless of the grime which he furtively
endeavored to remove with a bunch of
waste. The general manager told Marsh
that the special would remain in Cairo for
two or three days and that he should pull
him back.

  “ In the meantime, as he had reserved
rooms for the party at the St. Charles, he
insisted that Mr. and Mrs. Marsh accept
the hospitality of himself and wife while
in Cairo.

  “ Wrhen Marsh pulled into Du Quoin on
the , return trip both women were in the
cab. As he helped them to alight and the
jokers saw the general manager’s wife
climbing down from the engine, they came
to the conclusion that the prank they had
played on Marsh was not so excruciatingly
funny after all.

   “ After tliat it was Marsh who was called
on to pull the general manager whenever

THAT MUCH WAS CERTAIN."

he went over the road on a special, and
when the president and directors made their
annual tour of inspection, Marsh was at
the throttle, so he came to know the road
from Cairo to Chicago and from Centralia
to Dubuque as probably no other runner
knew it. Marsh liked these special runs,
for the general manager rarely traveled at
night. When the general manager’s wife
accompanied him, Mrs. Marsh was not far
away.

  “ You remember Hank Mason, 1 Stove-
pipe Hank,’ as the boys dubbed him?
Well, Hank was undecided for a long time
whether it were best to commit suicide or
matrimony, and finally he concluded he
would try matrimony.

  “Now, Hank was known as a woman-
hater. At any rate, he would always fight
shy of any entertainment where he ex-
pected to find, petticoats in evidence, and
how he managed to do his courting with-
out any of the gang catching on, was a puz-
zler. The first that any of us knew of it,'
was when the priest read the banns in the
Catholic Church one Sunday morning in
May. They were to be married early in
June. Because Hank had kept the thing
so quiet, we resolved that he should get
all that was coming to him.

  “ We discussed all sorts of tricks and
8

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

plans, but they were discarded one after
another as not being tough enough to suit
us. Then Billy Brown, who was pulling a
fast freight and hoping for a passenger
run when the new train went on, proposed
that we wait until late on the night of the
wedding, when we would go to the house,
rout Hank out by saying he was wanted at
the roundhouse on important business, and
then lock him up in the storeroom or the
sand-house until morning.

  “We picked our men carefully, but, as
none of them were invited to the wedding,
we had no means of knowing what was go-
ing on.

  “ We were only a freight division and
the passenger crews ran through. No. A
passed going north at about 10.45 P.M.
We were watching the house at the time,
so she pulled in and out without any of
us happening to be at the depot.

  “About 11.30 the last light in Hank’s
home was extinguished and the house of
the bride’s mother, where the wedding took
place, was as dark as a stack of black
cats. This was our cue to get busy, so we
stole softly into the yard, stepping carefully
on the grass beside the walk so as to make
no noise, and we rang the bell with a vim
so that we could hear it echoing plainly
clear out in the street.

  “ An upstairs window was thrown up and
a night-capped head was thrust out, while
a feminine voice, trembling with anger, in-
quired what was wanted.

  “ We told her that Hank was needed at
the roundhouse on important business, and
that he would be detained only a few
minutes. She said that Hank was not
there; that he had gone north on No. 4,
and that we knew it. She slammed down
the window with a crash that did not speak
well for the temper of Hank’s new mama.

  “Now we were too old birds to be
caught with any such chaff as that. We
rang the bell again, but there was no
response.

  “We consulted as to the possibility of
mother-in-law telling the truth, and finally
decided that she was bluffing. Again we
rang the bell, and again no answer.

  “ We concluded that Hank imagined that
we were up to some trick and had de-
termined to fool us.

  “ We rang the bell again.

  “This time we had a response—but not
what any of us expected.

  “ As the window was raised, some of us
stepped back and looked up while others
remained at the door gazing upward.

  “ A basin of dish-water was pitched out
and caught, full in the face, every one of
the gang that stood by the door. This
was too much. Hank had to come out
now if we pulled the house down, so we set
up an infernal jingling at the bell and
pounding on the door until the old lady
came down with a rifle and opened the
door wide enough to poke the muzzle
through the crack.

  “The gun was not loaded, though none
of us knew that at the time. Nevertheless,
some seized the barrel while others forced
open the door. The old lady was so mad
that she was fairly speechless.

  “ We told her that we had come for Hank
on important business and that as we had
not received civil treatment in response to
a civil question, he had to come now, and,
if unwillingly, we would take him by force.
Some of the men ran up-stairs, but there
was no one in the house but the old lady
and the servant girl, who had crawled under
the bed.

  “ Hank was not there. That much was
certain. We began to think the old lady
had told us the truth, so we went over to
the depot. The night operator said that
Hank and his wife had gone north on No.
4, and he thought the whole town must
have been there, for such hugging and kiss-
ing and crying had been going on as he
had never seen before.

  “We asked why Hank had gone so sud-
denly, and he said that an order had come
that evening for him to report at the shops
to take one of the new engines and a passen-
ger run. Immediately on receiving the
order. Hank had reserved berths on the
Pullman by wire, and the newlyweds had
hurried off together.

  “For once the laugh was on us.”

Some people punch their own tickets for Glory, but the Conductor
     knows where to put ’em off.—The Hind Shack.
BLUFFING THROUGH FOR ABEL

          BY ROBERT FULKBRSON HOFFMAN.

              The Great Railroad Heart Beats Even
              in the Working of the Wrecking Crane.

“ HWvTOTHER. dear, I am bringing
lyFjwy W Abel home. He sleeps the

                    That was all of it. Just
one 0f the tender, throb-
bing, aching bits of human
life which, now and again, strive momen-
tarily for softer speech in the harsh utter-
ance of a busy commercial wire, then sink
away deep in the great sea of silence with
the things that are done.

  It went pulsing silently out of the night
and loneliness of a deep bowl of the high
country, one little, bitter, tender draft well-
ing from the brimming cup of the mountain’s
loneliness. It went throbbing, pulsing over
the big divides and deep through the dark
gorges; down over the shelving plains and
across the wide prairies; far upward, out-
ward, downward in insensate waves trem-
bling through the interspaces pf absolute
cold and darkness of the world until, it must
be, the Great Heart oij, the universe was
touched and moved with the pity of it.

  In isolated places of the -brown, night-
brooding world its fleeting passage laid a
momentary hush in the hearts of those who
listened at the wires. The repeaters took it
up and passed it on, “ Mother . . . Abels
. . . Home," until finally it came tangibly
to earth again, a yellow, moistened sheet
spread in a yellower glow of lamplight,
under the shaking hands of the silver-haired
mother who bent above it.

  “Dear child,” she whispered, when she
had folded it away with none there to see or
listen, “dear, brave little sister! She is
bringing my Abel home—asleep.”

  Brave little sister! Brave, happy little
Edith Strong! In lowering months of ap-
prehension, long before this night when the

last word of dread lay final and irrevocable
in the yellow sheen of light beneath the
mother-eyes, Edith, but fairly grown a wo-
man. had laughed and hoped against hope
while the stealthy blight settled deep and
deeper on her brother’s face.

   When at length the hateful fact that he
was vitally ill; that he must withdraw from
the tense daily leadership in the despatcher’s
office where he had grown from boy to man
and master-mind, could no longer be de-
nied, Edith, undaunted and smiling still,
had planned the far trip to the high country.

  Together they had come into the quaint
life mixture of the old and new in Del Sur.
Together they had dwelt there for a time,
while the hopeful, prayerful little mother in
the quiet home far eastward waited, dream-
ing her mother-dreams of her first-born son,
her Abel, returned, restored.

   After their establishment in one of the
modest adobe houses which seemed to blink
sleepily through barred windows with a look
of preternatural wisdom and repose, the
wide blue sky of New Mexico seemed to
some of Del Sur’s hardy railroad boys to
take on a deeper blue—the blue of Edith’s
eyes, perhaps.

   The sun shone none the less brightly than
before, gilding the gnarled and twisted
trunks of small cedars in the plaza upon
which the adobe square looked out, pene-
trating among the flowers and small euca-
lyptus of their own small patios and soften-
ing the dark and cool seclusion of the adobe
itself.

   Little by little, “ Strong’s ” had become a
restful sort of rallying place for those who
-were at the end of the division When Abel
was feeling fit for a journey by mule-drawn
street-car across town to the.tiacks, a stal-
10

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

wart bodyguard of one or two from among
the layovers accompanied them.

  When he had wearied of the thrill and
chatter of the wires in the despatcher’s of-
fice, or when the resonant roar of the Limi-
ted—climbing eastward in the pride of its
resistless strength—swept his soul with a
reflex wave of the sense of his own helpless-
ness until his own name seemed to come
throbbing back, “A-bel, A-bel, Abel
Strong,” in loud and bitter irony from the
engine’s voicing—then, when he sank under
that more than passing weakness, and could
bear no more of the intimate touch of the
busy life which he had helped to create, al-
ways some stalwart veteran of the rail was
at hand to accompany them on the joggling
return journey across town to the rest and
seclusion of the old adobe.

  Thus, pouring out the rich flood of good
fellowship, giving-prodigally of their bound-
less strength, drawing from him his despair-
ing weakness and giving him back a hope,
they lifted him upon the fiery wings of the
story of their daily doings and let him down
gently into the forgetfulness of sleep. In
half apology for showing the softer side,
they had come to call all this “ Bluffing
through for Abel.”

  Gradually it had narrowed down, this
grouping of kindly “bluffers” against
death, until big Ben Childretli found him-
self more frequently alone with Edith and
Abel, and found that he was measuring his
telling of his doings of the day upon the en-
gine, not only by its visible uplift upon Abel,
but,-as well, by the quality of the light which
he was able to discern in the eyes of Edith.

  Now all this was ended. The grim mes-
senger would brook no further parley or
delay. Silently he had come into the little
adobe and claimed his hostage. Unresist-
ingly the weary soul of Abel had passed
out with him in the night. When the bril-
liant sun came smiling into the little dwel-
ling in the morning, one bright ray fell upon
the quiet, upturned face mutely asking the
eternal unanswered question:

  “Whither—why?”

  It may well be that Adam of old gathered
up sorrowingly into his arms his slain son,
and consummated earth’s first burial in the
far, deep shelter of the mountains. In
them is a brooding silence, a mother-sense
of earth which steals away abashed from
the garish light of the naked plains, even as
one sore-smitten who “ could not bear the
sickening light of day.”

   Be that as it may, .to silent and secluded
Del Sur the messenger had come and the
message had gone pulsing forth. Abel was
coming home.

   In the steady, windless patter of a belated
summer rain, the Limited halted in the dark-
ness of Del Sur and gathered him up tender-
ly again into the far-reaching arms of the
hurrying world from which he had come.
Ben Childreth, mounted in the cab of the
Limited's engine, sat stifling in his heart
that other, never-dying question which had
come, late, to water the very roots and ten-
drils of his life ; to well up to his lips, trem-
bling upon the verge of utterance; and to be
suddenly sealed beyond speech by the pass-
ing of Abel.

  With his engine newly coupled to the
solid line of sleepers and two accessory cars
bringing; up the rear, he sat looking’ with
brooding, questioning eyes through the
shimmering curtain of rain in the motion-
less shaft of white light which the headlight
turned questioningly upon the heights ahead.
Before his mind’s eyes two faces flitted,
vanished, came again and again in that glis-
tening field of light, glad and smiling, weak
and despairing, hoping again against hope
—the still and placid face in the baggage-
car and the face of the sober-hued little
figure in the middle coach.

  “Ah. well!” he muttered, rousing to in-
tent alertness as the little air-whistle piped
its shrill treble in the cab, “we must bluff
it a little farther for Abel—bluff it through.
Then—maybe—some time—who knows?”

   Wrho knows what lies ever so little beyond
—who ? How could he know that the open-
ing touch of his throttle against the dark
mountain’s resistance in the moment fol-
lowing was but the real beginning of the
“bluff” for Abel’s sake?

  He wheeled them away masterfully
through the engine’s tumultuous assault
upon the mountain, speared the crowding
night with his brilliant blade of light, and
tossed the darkness back into the deeper
recesses while he soared guardedly down
the steeps beyond the crest, ran out of the
fringe of the drenching rain, and rushed
across the sodden plain.

  Once in the brief span of that pulsing,
vivid working hour he felt the sag of a
mud-soaked tie as the engine recoiled from
its fierce lurch upon it; and once a spurt
of muddy, tepid water, tossed quick and
high from its concealment under the soft-
ened track, struck, spattering, full upon his
BLUFFING THROUGH FOR ABEL.

11

cheek and trickled down with the clammy
feel of thickening blood.

  He was thinking—but what matter now
what he was thinking? He was doing a
man’s big average best with all of the varied
elements of the strength that was in him,
and the train was curling and swishing like
a sharp-driven lash across the back of the
sullen plain.

  Was the track too soft? Was it rail-
spread, broken flange, or sheer inertia from
excessive speed in the jealous guarding of
the Limited’s precious seconds? Did the
fleeting faces in the headlight’s glare dis-
tract him ever so little from the mental map
of the track ahead ?

  Who knows?

  Like a sharp-driven lash, the train curled
into the big reverse curve between the Twin
Buttes. Like a lash it snapped free of the
rails at its whipping rear, and essayed to
straighten itself in quick access from rear to
front—a tumbling, irregular line of over-
turned coaches in the ditch.

  The massive, loaded tender held upon its
way, wrenching the coupling free at the
rear. With the engine, still open-throttled
and laboring fiercely as the brakes clap-
ped down in quick response to the opened
train-line, it ran safely ahead a grudging,
grinding length or two, another double
length, with heavy, slowing exhaust, then
stopped with sudden lurch as Ben thrust
the throttle shut.

  A quick column of pent-up steam broke
from the dome, lisping in big whisperings
the astonishment of the wide, dark plains.
It rasped the crowding darkness and stam-
mered into the horror of th^night for.a few
moments, while Childreth gazed in wide-
eyed stupefaction at his fireman reeling from
the shock of his impact with the boiler-head.
Then it broke off suddenly, and in the si-
lence rose the multiplex voice of disaster
from the train.

  "What?” demanded the fireman, some-
what dazedly.

  “I didn’t say anything!” replied Chil-
dreth. And then he continued:

  “Oh, hell—H-e-1-1! boy, they’re—they’re
in the ditch! I ditched them, and didn’t
have the decent luck to go with them!
Come on! Quick! She'll burn in this ris-
ing wind! ”

  At a single bound, he leaped from the
gangway and ran back to the overturned
train. From the distorted combination-car
which had made the first deadly plunge at

the rear, smoke was already rising in a dull
and covert light. From it were creeping,
one by one, in the order of their strength and
shock, conductor, flagman, late-sitting tour-
ist, porter. In the dim interior from which
they crept lay the still form of Abel—its
narrow dwelling-place pressed down and
closely covered by broad-bent plates of
steeled concrete flooring.

  None of these were for Childreth’s present
care. Straight to the middle coach he ran
and leaped upon its upturned side. He ran
half its length upon the treacherous, slip-
pery slant and, dropping to his knees, drove
his gloved fists through the double-glass and
ripped out the impeding sashes like bits of
tinder. He thrust his head down through
the opening and shouted amid the mumbling
babel o£ half-waking cries :

  “Edith! Edith! Edith Strong!”

  A huddled little figure crept up to him
along the slant of the floor, and then the
blanched face, the blue eyes, the red-gold
hair of Edith rose under his hand and he
caught her up greedily and drew her to a
rest upon the window-ledge.

  “What does it mean, Mr. Childreth?
This door—this! Why, mercy! It is a
window! Oh, my poor Abel! Where is
he ? Where is he ? ” she gasped as her
senses cleared to the import of the sounds
about her.

   “ Steady, little girl, steady! " replied Chil-
dreth, catching up a blanket from die clut-
tered mass in the berth within and drop-
ping it as a mantle about her. “ Abel is
with the boys. They will take care of him.”
“Oh, I must go to him — I must — I
must!” she cried, struggling helplessly in
his big grasp as he lifted her out.

  “No; not now. You could not, now,
you know,” said Childreth steadily, as
though his right to command had been the
accepted order of things from the beginning
of time. “ The boys are with him, and we
will bring him to you, all in good time,
never fear. Now you are going with me.”

  He gathered her up in his arms and,
slipping down to the earth, ran with her to
the engine, lifted her to the gangway, and
seated her, close-wrapped and huddled, upon
the fireman's box.

  He leaped again to the ground, closed the
open train-line, and was speeding the en-
gine away toward the staring red eye of the
station-light -deeper down ahead among the
buttes before his passenger’s dulled senses
could grasp the full significance of the lurid
12

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

glow that was growing redder at the rear of
the ditched train.

  Presently he bore her in under the un-
winking light of the semaphore and deliv-
ered her into the mothering hands of the
station-agent’s wife, who calmed her rising
fears and cuddled her down in the white
bed in the room above the chattering instru-
ment which was dinning out Childreth’s
clear call for help.

   Closing his brief, full call upon Del Sur
for wrecker and relief trains, Childreth said
over the flashing wire:

     Tell Lively, undertaker, come sure with out-
   fit complete for Abel Strong, same as wearing
   left Del Sur. Suit, box, fixings. Got to be
   done right here if anything’s missing. Yohy,
   wrecker, chuck bale white waste in tackle-
   car. Tell roundhouse send man run my en-
   gine back Del Sur.

  Then he backed rapidly away to the
wreck and plunged into the further work of
rescue.

  “ If anything’s missing,” the despatcher
took time to snap out in his hurried prepa-
rations at Del Sur : “ there'll lie lots of it
missing! What’s he talking about? Well,
send it! Send all of it. Childreth gener-
ally knows what he’s talking about, but I’m
cussed if I do in this.”

   So the sinister wrecker came -fighting up
over the mountain, and after it came the
relief train to rush down through the night
toward the glowing pile among the buttes.
For Yohy, the wreckmaster, the task proved
an easy one. From every view-point the
wreck was very bad—complete.

  With water-soaked blanket, mud-pad, and
some buckets of water from the tender after
Ben Childreth’s return, a part of the red
shell of the combination-car body had been
fought clear of the clutch of the flames. It
lay there, a charred and jagged mass, yet
covering the secrets which it held. All else
ahead was fire-swept and licked clean by
the flames, with little left but the trucks
piled and canted upon the torn-up track and
the steel skeletons of the sleepers lying dis-
torted in the ditch.

    So, first gathering the cowering groups of
half-clad passengers into the relief train, the
wrecker swung its big boom out over the
combination-car and lifted.

    It lifted carefully, gently, as it had never
before lifted, because there were none among
the watchers who did not know the precious
salvage sought, and because Ben Childreth,

for the once forgetting the autocracy of the
wreckmaster, was standing big and stern be-
side him, saving:

  “ Easy, Yohy! Steady! E-a-s-y! ”

  And Yohy, without resentment, echoed it
to the derrick-man:

  “Hoist light! Whoap! Hoist light!”
The charred shell gave, rose, wavered in
the flaring torchlight, and swung clear. Ex-
posed lay the fire-proofed flooring, still
bound together in the clutter of the wreck.
Beneath it—

  The big derrick-boom, freed of its first
reprisal, swung back and grappled again.
The broad-bent flooring lifted—“easy, light,
easy ”—until its pitiful secret lay bare to the
wavering light of the torches.

  In silence the friendly watchers gathered
closer. They looked speechlessly upon the
qiiiet, unmarred face. Then, stooping as
one man, tiiey lifted the shattered dwelling-
place upon which disaster had laid a hand
so gentle. They bore it slowly, steadily
away and into the tackle-car. When they
had safely gained that seclusion, Lively, the
undertaker, first recovered speech.

  “ Well, that beats me,” said he in awed
accents. “ It sure does beat me. But,”
rallying with professional interest, “ it still
is a neat case.”

  “ But—but,” whispered Yohy hoarsely,
“ what in the name of mercy will you tell
that little girl waiting over yonder? What
can you tell her, Ben ? ” he questioned help-
lessly of Childreth.

  “We'll be ready by the time the relief
train gets a clearance from the doctors,”
replied Childreth with sudden fierceness.
“We’ve bluffed this thing through for Abel
too far and too long to give him the go-by
now! We’ll see him through to the finish.
Go ahead to your track-clearing, Yohy.
We’ll get along.

  “ I feared there would be something—
something—worse than this,” he forced out
brokenly, and thrust the bale of cotton-waste
aside with his foot. “ Did you bring it all,
Lively—the box—?”

   “ Yes,” said Lively, and pointed to a dark-
ened corner of the rough-strewn car.

  “ Come, then,” answered Childreth stead-
ily. “Let’s get to it.”

  Swiftly and silently they labored until
Abel’s quiet repose seemed to lack nothing
of its former state. Then they closed his
new and narrow hermitage and bore him
away—out of the tackle-car into the bag-
gage-car of the waiting relief train.
BLUFFING THROUGH FOR ABEL.

13

  There Childreth shed his overalls and
donned his coat.

  “I’m going east,” he said briefly, in re-
sponse to the trainmaster’s questioning
glance. “ I’ll take my 1 hearing ’ when I
come back.”

  Presently the sorry, hurrying work of the
surgeons in first—or final—aid had passed
its busy climax to the point where the train
might safely be put in motion. Yohy had
cleared and spiked the torn-up track, and
just when the first gray of dawn was show-
ing above the mountain the relief train be-
gan dropping down toward the red light
shining low among the buttes, where Edith
Strong slept fitfully and waited. They took
her on, and took orders for the short return
trip over the mountain to Del Sur as the
nearest point for outfitting the depleted trav-
el-stores of the uninjured and caring for
those who had fared worse.

  Beside her sat Ben Childreth, a calm and
able comforter. When he had completed
and repeated his reassurance that all was
well with Abel, she came again insistently
to her first eager questioning, anguished and
distraught:

  “He is not—harmed? You saw him?
He is not harmed ? ”

  “Not a hair of his head!” repeated Ben
in literal truth. “ I saw him. You shall
see when we get to Del Sur.

  “Now let’s talk some about you,” he pur-
sued with calm candor, “ and me. You see,
when a fellow has doings like that back
yonder with his train,” he continued, indi-
cating with a .backward jerk of his thumb
the deadly spot which they wtre steadily
leaving, “ he generally is allowed a sort of
vacation right afterward. Shock and, oh,
things like that,” he concluded vaguely.

  “ Coming like it has, this way, altogether,
as you might say, I’m a sight minded to ride
back east with you and Abel. Seems like he
might like it, and I hope you won’t give me
no orders to the contrary. Would it seem
agreeable to you to have me ride along—just
for company like ? ”

  The ready tears welled to her eyes and
overflowed as she turned her face to the gray
barrens beyond the window. He saw her
shoulders heave with a stifled sob. Then he
spoke again:

  “ Looks like I can’t keep on my own time
at all, this trip. Man’s got no business ven-
turing out on anybody else’s time, without he
has orders. Don’t cry that way. I wasn't
meaning to hurt you.”

  “Oh, no, no! It is not that!” she said.
Without turning, she slipped her hand down
until it rested in the open palm of Chil-
dreth at her side. His hand slowly closed
upon it while he sat thrilling at the soft
weight of it in a silence which asked nothing
of words.

  When that day the Limited started anew
from Del Sur, Childreth, for the first time
in many a month, was a passenger in one
of its sleepers instead of being the moving
spirit at its head.

  When, three days later, he stood silently
beside Edith while the mother looked upon
the peaceful face of her son, returned but
not restored, far out in the mountains the
engines were battling fiercely, roaringly, at
their tasks. In and through and under it
all, the great railroad heart was beating,
pulsing in masterful unison with the heart,
of Childreth, and through him touching with
a gentler touch the stricken hearts of them
with whom he stood.

  Turning away silently at length, the moth-
er gave a gentle clasp to each of them who
waited there. In her eyes lay the deep
peace of resignation. In her heart lay the
knowledge from no spoken word that God,
in His mysterious way, had sent to her a
son even in that hour when He had called
away her first-born son to that country to
which ere long she, too, must journey.

  Long since she journeyed thither, and if
now you should chance upon Del Sur and,
further, chance upon Edith and Ben Chil-
dreth dwelling there, in one brief reading
of the peace of their faces it would be clear
to you that with them all is well.
THE MAN OF THE SURVEY.

 BY J. EDWARD HUNGERFORD.

   Written for “The Railroad Man's Magazine.”

ITH field-glass and transit and compass
      and rod.

   With level and plumb-bob and chain;
   With technical phrases
   And grit that amazes,

   With hustle and muscle and brain;

   You will hnd him a-plugging for all he is worth,
       A-cutting and slashing his way;

      Anywhere ’neath the sun
      Where there’re rails to be run.

       This man of the railroad survey.

   His course leads through desert and jungle and swamp.
       O’er mountain and river and vale.

     From Havana to Nome
     And from China to Rome
     He's mapping out paths for the rail;

   And he cares not a rap what the hardships may be.

      How rocky and thorny the way;

       With his transit and bob
       He’s the man on the job.

       This boss of the railroad survey.

    He is laying out“ tangents ” and “ curves ” and " grades,”
       And marking each move with a stake;

      And he’s “ snaking ” his chain
      Over mountain and plain.

      Through bramble and brier and brake;

   Oh, his fights are not won with a saber and gun,

       He follows no flag to the fray;

      But he merits much praise
      For the part that he plays,

       This man of the railroad survey.
Europe’s Most Famous Run

BY ROBERT H. ROGERS.

THERE is always a singular fascination for American railroad men in
speculating on just how the work which they do is performed in countries
other than our own. It is, of course, appreciated, although in a vague
sort of way, that fast time is made on railroads in foreign lands, but just how
this is brought about, and the conditions operating for and against, are largely
unknown quantities.

    As the accredited representative of The Railroad Man's Magazine. Mr.
Rogers spent many weeks abroad in the study of the essentially practical side
of railroading, both on the road and in the shops, and his observations on the
foot-plate of the costly De Glehn locomotive, at the head of the Paris-Calais
boat train, explain how miles are made to coincide with minutes in France.

The Locomotive Which Pulls the Fast French Express Maintains an Aver-
age Speed of Fifty-Six Miles an Hour, Which Beats
Similar American Records.

  If you want to ride in the cab of a loco-
motive, you must direct your plea to a much
more exalted personage than a mere general
manager. When I presented what ordi-
narily would be construed as excellent cre-
dentials to the official whom we would term
master mechanic, he was appalled at the
temerity embodied in the request.

  This was in France, not so very long ago,
and I wanted to watch from an intimate
view-point the run of the famous Paris-
Calais boat-train of the Northern Railway.
In fact, I had crossed the turbulent channel
from England for that express purpose, and
did not propose to be denied my quest; but
when they told me that I would have to see
the directeur general, or the ingemeur eu
chef, I knew that I had something ahead.

  But I found him to be a fine fellow, and,
best of all. he spoke English. He was
pleased to know that the fame of his phe-
nomenally fast train had spread overseas to
us, and particularly with such an appeal
that a special investigation appeared in or-
der. Accordingly, after about an hour’s

*5

URING a recent trip to Europe
I was favored in being al-
lowed to analyze for The
Railroad Man’s Magazine
the performance of some of
the most important trains in
both England and France. These observa-
tions were from a special point of vantage—
the foot-plate of the passenger locomotive—
and not the least interesting feature of my
travels was the opportunity afforded to
study roundhouse procedure, which neces-
sarily plays a vital part in the success of
these remarkable runs.

  It is a mighty hard job to secure a permit
to ride an engine in foreign countries—a
much more difficult undertaking, in fact,
than to obtain the same favor from our own
motive-power management. On railroads of
the United States, if the general manager is
sufficiently impressed by the logic of the
reasons advanced, he will hand you the
necessary letter .to show the engineer, and
that is all there is to it; but on the other
side things are different.
16

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

pleasant talk, I left him, with a document
which practically endowed me with the
freedom of the railroad's entire mechanical
department.

   This story is to tell you plainly just how
 the run is made; what kind of engine han-
 dles it, and, primarily, how the engine itself
 was handled. You will ride along with me,
 to all intent and purpose, and you will be
 interested, no doubt, because the annihila-
 tion of miles by minutes remains the same
 problem, whether the solution is attempted
 on the New York Central or by the Chemin
 de Fer du Nord.

 \

185 Miles in 195 Minutes.

 1 Before proceeding with this, however, it
 may be well to briefly review the conditions
 pertaining to what I firmly believe to be the
 most difficult run in the world, at least from
 the standpoint of practical reasoning.

   In the first place, the distance from Paris
 to Calais is 185 miles, and the train is com-
 posed of at least ten cars, or carriages, with
 a total weight behind the tender of from 300
 to 350 tons. On one occasion the time was
 made with a train of 400 tons weight. The
 schedule calls for the run to be made in 200
 minutes, with no deduction for a regular
 stop at Amiens, which never falls short of
 five minutes, thus reducing the real running
 proposition to 185 miles in 195 minutes,
 and making the speed from start to finish
 average fifty-six miles per hour.

   To American engineers and firemen there
 is no doubt a peculiar appeal in the con-
 sideration of these figures, and they can cer-
 tainly appreciate the fact that to get over
 any road on such time as given requires not
 only adequate power, but the quintessence
 of skill in handling it; the saving of every
 possible second, from the drop of the guard’s
 flag in Paris to the stop-block in Calais; in
 other words, an engineer and fireman in
 charge who are past masters of their trade.

   On roads in the United States where the
 length of run approximates to this, the av-
 erage speed, including stops, is considera-
 bly less. That of the Baltimore and Ohio’s
 “Royal Blue Limited” is 47.1 miles per
 hour, while the New Haven’s five - hour
 trains between New York and Boston make
 46.4 miles per hour, and the Pennsylvania’s
 fast trains between Jersey City and Wash-
 ington average 47 miles per hour.

   All of the above runs are about 230 miles,
 and the average speed for the three roads

named, in connection with their limited
trains, is a fraction less than 47 miles per
hour.

  The Paris-Calais boat-train has 45 miles
less distance to cover, but maintains an av-
erage speed of 56 miles per hour—a consid-
erably higher average than that of the near-
est parallel runs which American railroads
have on regular schedules.

  I	was much more interested over the pros-
pect of studying this French engine-crew
under actual service conditions than I was
in the locomotive, because I had come to
realize that in foreign countries — and I
know that this is contrary to the general
impression entertained in the United States
—as much dependence is placed on the skill
of the men as in the efficiency of the engine.

  The latter, howevei1, in this connection
embodied points in construction so utterly
at variance with American ideas that a short
description becomes necessary.

  For the last twenty-five years in France
there has been a systematic and continuous
effort to produce locomotives to meet the
needs of its railroads, and the practise has
crystallized into a type, for passenger serv-
ice, which has been adopted by all important
railroads of that country.

Not Like an American Locomotive.

  This type began its development on the
Northern Railway—Chemin de Fer du
Nord—in 1895, when M. du Bousquet con-
sulted with A. G. De Glehn, a prominent
designer and builder, concerning a method
to increase the capacity of a 4-4-0 engine
without increasing its total weight.

  The cooperation of these able authorities
resulted in the production of a type of loco-
motive widely known as the “ Du Bousquet-
De Glehn.” This construction has proved
most satisfactory, and now no passenger lo-
comotives with separate tenders are built in
France of any other type. There are nearly
tivo thousand engines of this class in service
on the continent of Europe, and they have
even been experimented with by the Penn-
sylvania Railroad, in the instance of a sin-
gle engine which it purchased in 1904.

  So much for its origin, and now to brief-
ly consider the De Glehn construction.
Fundamentally it is a compound, and in
my mind’s eye I can see a smile of derision
on the part of our engineer friends when
they read this. I am well aware of the fact
that the compound principle is not viewed
EUROPE’S MOST FAMOUS RUN.

17

with any great favor by railroad men in
this country, and I know that there have
been many good reasons for their preju-
dice; but this is a different kind of com-
pound—one on a principle which must be
admired, even by die most radical non-
compound man. These are the essential
features in its design:

Novelties in Design.

   There are four cylinders; the low pres-
sure, between the frames and underneath
the smoke-box, coupled to the leading dri-
ving-wheel axle, which is cranked, and the
high pressure or outside cylinders, which
are set somewhat farther back and coupled
to the rear driving-wheels by crank-pins,
the same as in American practise. This
general cylinder arrangement thus divides
the strains of the cylinders upon the axles,
and the cylinders upon the frames at the
same time balancing the reciprocating or
moving parts.

   Each cylinder has its own valve-gear, the
high and low pressure valves being con-
nected to separate reversing screws, which,
however, may be coupled together in their
operation from the cab. This renders it
possible to change the ratio of expansion
between the cylinders, and it also divides
the work which each valve-gear has to
perform.

   A starting valve admits boiler steam tp
the low-pressure cylinders, and opens the
high-pressure exhaust to the atmosphere.
The valve is controlled from the cab, and
allows either the high or the low pressure
cylinders to be used alone in the case of a
breakdown, in addition to increasing the
starting power of the engine.

  This was the weird contrivance which I
viewed with curiosity, not unmixed with
some apprehension as it backed against the
long string of carriages in the great station
of the Northern Railroad.

  To an American railroader no more cu-
rious arrangement of detail could possibly
be imagined than that embodied in this sin-
gular locomotive. Especially this was
prominent in connection with the cab in-
terior, where at least one hour’s hard study
on the part of a smart mechanic would be
required before anything performing simi-
lar functions at home could be even recog-
nized, to say nothing of being operated.

  In the first place, the engineer, or
mechanicien, “drove” from the left side;

    2	RR

the reversing-gear was of the screw type,
with its wheel mounted exactly as the steer-
ing-wheel of an automobile, and the two
independent cut-off wheels for the high
pressure and the low pressure valve-gears
were similarly arranged, both being suscep-
tible of the finest adjustment.

   The throttle lever did not pull out, as in
our practise, but down. In other words,
the throttle-stem rotated in its stuffing-box,
and the movement of the lever was parallel
with the face of the boiler-butt.

  The engine was equipped with the
Westinghouse brake — about the only fa-
miliar object, by the way, which I recog-
nized at first glance. Of course, the parts
we use were all there, and many others be-
sides, which, although embodying the same
underlying principles, were at utter va-
riance with our practise; so much so, in
fact, that I was glad it was not myself who
was to roll this train from under that
titanic shed.

Some Unfamiliar Machinery.

  Among the unfamiliar and indeed un-
known accessories was a vacuum-gage, in-
tended to indicate the smoke-box vacuum.
ThisSs not used on American locomotives,
but in my opinion it is soundly based on
common sense, and is worthy of considera-
tion. It indicates any decrease in the nom-
inal vacuum induced by the exhaust, and a
decrease means a leak somewhere in the
front end, which may be either steam-pipe
joints, a rivet loose or dropped out, or a
loose smoke-box door. At all events, it af-
fords a clue to the cause of an engine sud-
denly starting to steam poorly. I liked that
gage very much.

   Another unfamiliarity was the speed-re-
cording gage. This is said to be a very
necessary accompaniment, because the
maximum speed, by legal mandate, must
never exceed seventy-five miles per hour,
and the gage, which is driven from one of
the engine-truck axles, contains a tape on
which the speed is faithfully recorded, and
which is carefully scrutinized after each
trip.

   I rather thought that the seventy-five-
miles-an-hour proposition was largely a
joke. If a man can make that kind of time
he should receive a prize, instead of being
fined, which becomes the procedure when
the tape indicates that the limit has been
overstepped.
18

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  It is safe to say, however, that very few
fines are assessed, because, as smart as the
De Clehn compound undoubtedly is, it
would tax her to knock this off for long.

No Pilor. Bell, or Headlight.

  There were no gage-cocks in evidence, but
the engine had two water-glasses, one in-
tended to check the other. The injectors
and checks were mounted on the back head
of the boiler, but the delivery of the water
did not occur from the checks to the region
of the boiler directly over the crown-sheet,
it being piped ahead into the boiler-barrel.

  The variable exhaust-nozzle was anoth-
er feature which has fallen into utter dis-
repute in this country. With this De Glehn,
however, it was arranged to be entirely
under the control of the engineer, and was
constantly operated by him dependent upon
the varying requirements of the service.

  Odd as this wonderful locomotive ap-
peared at first glance, with its absence of
the familiar pilot, bell, and headlight, this
gradually gave way to admiration for the
elegance of its general design, and the light
and beautiful proportion of its parts. It
was spotlessly clean. The big 78-inch dri-
vers looked extremely frail, and the highly
polished Walschaert valve-gear appeared
far too delicate for its hard service.

  Cumbersome parts are not necessary in
the instance of the De Glehn type, because
there is as nearly an exact distribution of
stresses as can possibly be attained in any
mechanism. I should say that the move-
ment of a fine watch is the nearest possible
comparison in this regard.

  The actual weights of parts, far less than
similar ones in our own practise, will well
illustrate this contention. For instance, that
of the cross-heads is only 238 pounds each;
the high-pressure piston, 100 pounds; the
low-pressure piston, 242 pounds; the high-
pressure main rod, 278 pounds; and the
low-pressure main rod, 425 pounds. The
entire weight of the engine, in working or-
der, without the tender, is approximately
but seventy tons.

Few Cab Comforts.

  I was hospitably and politely received
by Engineer Artaud and Fireman Leduc,
whose names appeared on small, highly-
polished brass plates on either side of the
cab interior. At least, I suppose I was so

received, as the gestures which accompa-
nied the speech of welcome certainly im-
plied friendliness.

  As we were at a-mutual disadvantage in
not understanding one another’s language,
it became necessary to converse in grimaces,
and these grew to be quite expressive before
we saw Paris again that night.

  Before we pulled out, I realized that I
was to have a rather uncomfortable ride on
that engine. The cab, such as it was, had
no seats to begin with, not even one for the
engineer, because on the left side where he
stood, the controlling mechanism took up
all of the available room. Various ash-pan
damper regulators, etc., occupied the right-
hand side, but I finally managed to wedge
myself to a point of vantage in their midst,
from where I could command a view of the
track through the circular glass window in
the front or wind-sheet.

  These cabs are an utter abomination.
The wind howls through them as through
an abandoned barn. I recall that I wasted
an even box of matches, which are mighty
scarce in France, in trying to light one
cigar, and this would probably have been
the fate of another had not the fireman come
to the rescue with a piece of wire which, in
the meantime, he had heated in the fire-
box.

  They say over there that the engineers
and firemen themselves are to blame for
these cabs; that those of American design
have been tried, and the men did not want
them. They like to do their work standing
up, and there is certainly enough of it to
do to keep them in that position.

Adjusting the Cut-Off.

  We made a flying start from the gare du
Nord, as there was a switch-engine some-
where on the hind end which pushed gamely
until we were about a mile down the road,
and the fast-speeding De Glehn had com-
menced to settle into her stride.

  That yard, by the way, was crowded with
incoming suburban trains, switch - engines,
and what not, and it seemed very odd to me
to note an apparent disregard of all yard-
limit rules to which I had been so much
accustomed. This engineer pushed the en-
gine to her top-notch speed from the time
when the switch-engine lei go. His grind-
stone handle arrangement of throttle-lever
was gradually turned down to the limit and
left there. I never saw it touched again
EUROPE'S MOST FAMOUS RUN.

19

until the solitary stop was made at Amiens,
eighty miles from Paris.

  It was explained to me afterward that
this high initial speed was necessary on
account of having to make a run for the
hill, a rather stiff gradient, for this fast
train, of fifty feet to the mile, which begins
near St. Denis, four miles from the gare du
Nord, and continues some eighteen miles
to Survilliers. This rise, and another from
Criel to Cannes, constitute practically the
only up-grades between Paris and Calais,
although there are two quite sharp humps
just before reaching the latter terminus.

A Master-Hand at the Throttle.

  While getting the throttle wide open, amd
satisfying himself that no slip existed in
connection with the big drivers, the en-
gineer became busy in adjusting the ex-
pansible valve-gear for each of the two sets
of cylinders. As nearly as I could judge,
after ar rapid conversion of the metric sys-
tem into its English equivalent, the cut-off
in the high-pressure cylinders was at about
forty-eight per cent of the stroke, and in
the low-pressure about sixty-two per cent.

   I will never forget the wild dash for that
hill, and the way she climbed over the
eighteen miles of it. We were going, per
speed recorder, sixty-five miles an hour
when we flew by St. Denis, and just twenty-
one minutes later the squeaky little whistle
apprised the inhabitants of Survilliers that
the Northern limited was in their midst.

  I never saw an engine more skilfully
handled than this one was throughout the
balance of the run, which was all the more
, interesting in view of the general complex-
ity oi_ the mechanism at the engineer’s
hand. He had not only the throttle, air-
brake, sander, whistle and injectors to
handle; but in addition, the variable ex-
haust-nozzle, which was always reduced
somewhat on an ascending grade, and the
independent valve-gears for high and low-
pressure cylinders, which I have mentioned,
and which had to be adjusted to meet the
changing conditions of track and grades.

  The French engineer did not change
these continually, but even took time when
we were running on a level to indicate with
his hand that we were coming to a hill, and
with a piece of chalk would give some idea
of its rate and length. He kept close watch
on the gage showing the receiver pressure
of the steam after passing from the high-

pressure cylinders toward the low pressure,
and kept it usually at about seventy-three
pounds.

  But for my misfortune in not under-
standing the language this very intelligent
man would have made clear his reasons for
everything he did. I can only say that,
having the facilities at his command, he ad-
justed diis compound to its work, and was
in a position to get out of it all that the
boiler could supply.

   Certainly the game of running this loco-
motive was skilfully played. The work
impressed me as would a violin in the
hands of an artist. This engineer had
more strings to his instrument than those
handling other types of engines. He did
not appear to be of any higher grade of in-
tellectual development than the locomotive
runners of other countries, but he had a
good machine, was well trained, and was
truly interested in his work.

  The engine used for fuel a very good
grade of gas coal, with which was mixed
fourteen per cent of briquettes. These
measure 7x11x5 inches, and half a dozen
of them were kept lying on the deck in
front of the fire-door. Several times on
the run these were thrown in while going
down hill in order to reserve the best fuel
for taking an up-grade beyond.

  The actual firing I thought was rather
heavy. It varied from three to seven scoops
of coal at from four to six minutes’ inter-
vals. Most of the coal was put very close
under the door, with only an occasional
scoopful thrown into the front corners of
the fire-box. At intervals of about twenty
minutes the fire was raked ahead with a
double hook. Although the smoke-box of
the engine was absolutely devoid of netting,
or a spark-arresting device of any descrip-
tion, there was no smoke worth mentioning
when the throttle was open, and in return-
ing at night I noticed there were but very
few sparks.

Premiums .or Saving Coal.

  Very high premiums are paid to engi-
neers and firemen on French railways for
saving fuel. Fines are also imposed if they
exceed the supply allotted for a run. In
fact, the premiums and fine system pre-
vails throughout their work. It was evident
that this crew was personally interested in
the pile of coal on the tender, and they
handled it as if it was their own.
20

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  This was another new experience for me,
and it did not seem to be done for my bene-
fit, either. I noticed that the fireman
watched the engineer very closely, and
usually waited for a motion of his hand
before putting in a fire or using the hook.

  Steam was not allowed to blow off at the
safety-valve of this engine, except once,
when the engineer, to show me the effect
of the variable exhaust-nozzle, purposely
allowed the pressure to drop to 200 pounds.
He then by means of the hand-wheel in
the cab decreased the size of the exhaust,
whereupon the pressure mounted immedi-
ately to the blowing off point, 213 pounds,
but the speed of the locomotive was re-
tarded to a very appreciable extent.

  The engineer pointed to the coal in the
tender, shrugged his shoulders, and quickly
restored the nozzle to its proper opening.
The}- don’t let coal be blown away through
the pop-valve in that country.

We Arrive on Time.

  It would be impossible within the con-
fines of this article to touch upon the pic-
turesque side of this truly great run against
time. I considered the hopelessness of that
task even when this splendid locomotive
was eating up the miles over the running
grounds from Cannes into Amiens, where,
with a slightly descending grade the speed-
recording-gage hung steadfastly to what in
English would be seventy-two miles an
hour.

  Of the trio who held forth in that un-
comfortable cab, there was one at least who
appreciated the beautiful panorama through
which we sped. Words can scarcely de-
scribe the varying succession of ideal sum-
mer landscape, which only France can pro-
duce, and which smiled with a fleeting
glance upon us through the sunlight of that
glorious day in June.

  The quaintly - gowned women who low-
ered the crossing gates, and waved in un-
conscious admiration to the space - anni-
hilating monster on which we rode, seemed
curiously to blend with the prevailing
scheme of oddity and unreality, which
greeted me on every hand. It appeared, in-
deed, as though everything was reversed,
and yet the fact remained undeniable that
the results were there.

  The train pulled into Amiens punctual
to the minute. The run from Paris, eighty
miles, had been turned off in eighty-five

minutes, and we still had 115 minutes re-
maining to cover the 105 miles which sep-
arated us from the sea.

  Monsieur Artaud tried his best to get out
of that city in less than the five minutes al-
lotted time, but not even his versatility
could prevail against the time-honored pon-
derosity of continental station methods. He
had no engine bell to ring as a reminder
to the conductor, but he tooted the whistle
persuasively, and afforded other unmis-
takable evidences of his desire to be gone.

  I improved the opportunity while we
were standing in that historic place to feel
around the driving-boxes and bearings of
the De Glehn, as an American railroader
always will, no matter what his environ-
ment may be, but everything was all right.
There was not a suggestion of heating any-
where; in fact, she was as cold as though
she had never started.

  I was the only one who felt the bearings
on this engine, because in this admirable
construction no anxiety need be entertained
in regard to proper lubrication. The
driving-boxes are oiled from the cab, while
the valves and cylinders are supplied by a
positive lubricating pump, driven by a con-
nection to the valve motion.

  This pump is placed on the left running-
board (engineer’s side), where it does its
work very effectively. From the pump
small copper pipes lead to the valves, to
the cylinders, and in some instances to the
piston-rods.

They Have Their Troubles.

  We departed from Amiens one minute
late, but it was of little moment. The fast-
est sustained speed was made between
Amiens and Etaples, fifty-nine miles of
level or gently-descending grade, which the
De Glehn turned off in fifty-five minutes, a
rate, without undue effort, of more than
sixty-four miles an hour, with the further
consideration that it was performed from a
dead stop. I thought that this engine did
her best, if there was any choice, on this
particular portion of the run, but after
passing through Etaples we experienced
some little trouble.

  It is an old claim, in our own country,
at least, that no matter how well everything
may go for a time, there must be some dis-
quieting feature before the stop-block is
readied. It appears that this is just as
binding in France, for the air-sanding de-
EUROPE’S MOST FAMOUS RUN.

21

vice gave out just when we needed it the
most, between Boulogne and Calais, where-
in two short, but rather stiff hills have to
be surmounted, and on this day the rail
was none too good, although the weather
was ideal.

  M. Artaud betrayed considerable uneasi-
ness, when after repeated efforts, he failed
to get the sand under his big drivers, but
nothing could be done until Calais was
reached, and the damp sand cleaned out of
the box and traps.

  Fortunately no time was lost on this^ ac-
count, but a much more serious matter,
which became apparent about the same
time, was a sudden drop in the boiler pres-
sure, which heretofore had remained ap-
proximately at 200 pounds.

Getting Her Right.

  This proved to be an instance where
the variable exhaust-nozzle failed to stim-
ulate the fire, because the fireman had in
some- way lost it. Several of us have in
the past been in the same predicament, and
it can no doubt be readily appreciated
how quick it all happens, but it don’t want
to happen too often on a run where 185
miles has to be reeled off in 195 minutes.

  Monsieur Artaud, however, promptly
usurped the fireman’s office when his ever-
observant eye noted the pointer on the
gage fluttering uncertainly about the 170-
pound mark. (The reader will under-
stand, of course, that no such indications
were on the gage, the metric system being
converted by the author throughout the en-
tire article into its English equivalent for
the sake of more ready understanding.)

  He motioned for his assistant to assume
the lookout ahead, and by dexterous use
of the fire hook and shovel in a very few
minutes restored matters to their normal
basis. I touched my hat to him, and point-
ed to the steam-gage, which again had
mounted to nearly the. maximum pressure,
and he smiled clear through to the end of
the run.

  So long as the train arrived on time I
was really glad that the bad luck occurred
with the sander, because it gave me an in-
teresting opportunity to study the handling
of a running repair job in a foreign
country.

  It is down hill and level directly into
Calais, and when the first fresh whiff of
the channel came stealing into the perfume

of the flower - bedecked gardens, through
which on either hand we flew like a meteor,
the engineer began his preparations to bring
the speeding train to a stop. The throttle
was first closed, and then the valve-gears
were dropped slowly into full travel. Both
injectors were put to work, and the varia-
ble exhaust-nozzle enlarged to its maxi-
mum opening.

  In the meantime the fireman was doing
his best to have the fire in condition for
easy cleaning on arrival at the ash-pit.
No coal was thrown into the fire-box dur-
ing the last ten miles of the run. The fire
was, however, frequently raked over and
leveled, so when the stop was finally made
it had burned down to a uniform depth
of no more than eight or ten inches over
the grate, and the steam pressure, hitherto
so essential, had dropped to 150 pounds.

  I thought how much more sensible this
procedure was, and how much more com-
munity of interest with the terminal force
at Calais was thereby displayed than is
ordinarily exhibited in the United States,
where an engine too frequently comes in
with a fire-box full of fire and dirt, in
such a condition that to clean it properly
requires sometimes a full three-quarters of
an hour. I saw this fire cleaned in less
than ten minutes, after which, so far as
that detail was concerned, the engine could
have started immediately on the return trip
to Paris.

  The roundhouse foreman met us at the
station (Calais-gare maritime), in fact, be-
fore the engine was cut off, and anxiously
inquired what work was needed to be done
before the return trip. Another admirable
arrangement in the instance of an im-
portant train! I am afraid that our own
hard-worked foremen are far too busy for
any such thing as that.

He Watched the Repairs.

  So far as having the sander repaired,
which was all there was to report, M. Ar-
taud personally saw that this was attended
to. Instead of leaving the engine when he
landed it on the shop track, which lie had
a perfect right to do, he chased her up
while the fire was being cleaned, and fol-
lowed her into what we would call the
roundhouse, only it is square in that
country.

  Not until he satisfied himself that the
box had been thoroughly cleaned and re-
22

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

plenished with dry sand, and through a
test became convinced that the sander
operated properly did he go for his dinner,
for which he had just twenty minutes.

   The run back was not nearly so fast,
 but it was replete with interest. The
 weather changed somewhat unfavorably be-
 fore we pulled out, and when night finally
 closed in to the accompaniment of a dreary
 drizzle of rain at St. Just, about fifty miles
 from Paris, the absence of the headlight
 made the prospect ahead dark, indeed.

   Nevertheless, through that Stygian dark-
 ness this great mechanical creation sped
 unerringly towards its goal. It made no
 difference whether the cab, with an utter
 absence of light, except when vaguely il-
 luminated by the occasional opening of the
 fire-door was inexpressibly black, the reali-
 zation was present that the same master-
 hand controlled, as well as though the
 bright sun were shining, that bewildering
 array of levers, screw-gears, and what not,
 and as the miles were left behind, coinci-
 dent with the minutes a trustful dependence
 on this engineer gradually stole upon me.

   I could not but help looking on the
 guiding hand of this iron and steel ava-
 lanche in admiration almost akin to
 reverence. Through that strident discord
 of speed the knowledge was ever present
 that a trained eye pierced the night, and
 that behind it was the intuition to serve
 when even vision failed.

It was not so much the appeal of the
mile-a-minute, but the tribute from one who
knew, to the nerve which dared, the cour-
age which executed, and none the less the
''•judgment which restrained.

   The train was five minutes late leaving
 St. Just, and the engine crew were alarmed

over the prospect of further delay, but no
such unpleasant contingency materialized.
The line was singularly clear that night.

  The winking green eyes of the sema-
phores in the “all clear” position gleamed
cheerfully through the drizzling rain, and
as with undiminished speed we sped
through the great freight yards at Cric-1
a dozen high-balls from as many side-
tracked freights proclaimed mutely that
they were in to clear.

  Presently the sky-line ahead became suf-
fused with the glow of Paris, die city of
light, and the arc lamps twinkled hos-
pitably over the flats as the engineer closed
his throttle for the last time. The minute-
hand on the great clock in the gare du ftord
was straight up and down on the stroke
of nine, and its chimes rang musically as
the big drivers settled into their last turn
under the cavernous train-shed.

  I recall that as the patrons of the train
passed the engine to seek the street-cars
or the cabs, they gazed at it with a curious
stare. It is no wonder, because there are
very few engines like that in this world,
and I have been in a position to know.

  The running skill of this engineer, and
that of his fireman as well, tells of years
of conscientious effort on the part of the
whole department of the Chemin de Fer du
Nord, of which M. du Bousquet was at the
head. It offers most.valuable evidence of the
value of cash premiums for meritorious
work, and constitutes a practise which we
may well study to advantage. Above all
other things it shows that machinery is but
a part of the whole, and that the training,
the encouragement, and, more vital than
all, the interest of the men operating it, is
the all-important part.

MOVING A HUGE ELEVATOR.

THE Santa Fe right-of-way was the scene of
the biggest job of elevator moving ever
attempted in this or any other country. When
you consider the moving of a building 128 feet
long, and 82 feet wide, and 151 feet high a dis-
tance of about seven hundred feet and setting it
upon new foundations, you will realize that the
feat is well worth recording.

  To make room for new switch-tracks, the huge
old elevator at Argentine, Mo., capable of housing
four hundred thousand bushels of grain was
moved to a new location. The building being over
eighty feet wide, it was necessary to construct
several runways, and the length of the building
made many points in the underpinning to be sup-

ported. The length and weight made it practically
impossible to place under the building a set of gir-
ders sufficiently stiff to carry the load along with-
out racking the structure, so that care was taken
to build up a good track for the two hundred steel
rollers. The track was composed of steel rail-
road rails, three rails being used in each runway,
giving each roller three points of support.

  It required over two weeks of constant labor to
do the preliminary work of blocking-up and build-
ing the track on which the structure should roll
along, yet so perfectly was the work carried out
that the building moved smoothly forward with
but a single team of horses as the motive power.—
Santa Fe Employes’ Magazine.
Observations of a Country
Station-Agent.

BY J. E. SMITH.

No. 33—Chauncy Tells of the Causes That Made Him Swear Off on New
Year’s Day and of the Casualties That Made
Him Swear On Again.

  You can have “PRIVATE” printed on
the office-door in letters one foot long and in
rich vermilion and you can throw in a black
skull and cross-bones for good measure, and
the trainman, with oil and grease and train
dirt all over him, will push by the window,
bolt into the office and sit down on the
telegraph-table, engineer on one side, con-
ductor on the other, and the head brakeman
ocupying the only chair.

  From these points of vantage, the whole
crew tells the operator what they think of
the despatcher in tones loud enough to be
heard out at the coal-house.

  This arrangement makes the operator a
sort of slinking accomplice—bearded in his
den, caught with the goods on, and no way
of escape.

  These thoughtful criticisms cannot be
conveyed to the operator in a mild voice
through the ticket window. In fact, in a
railroad office no business can be satis-
factorily transacted through the window.
Everything must be delivered hand to hand,
close range, wrist lock, bar arm and half
Nelson—or there is no force to it.

Scries began tn the July, 1907, Railroad Man’s Magazine. Single copies, JO cents.

                                       23

       LOOKED in on Chauncy at the
ticket-office a few mornings ago.
Usually when I visit Chauncy,
I show an appreciation of his
warm cordiality by sitting on
his typewriter, or by occupying
his cushion chair and resting my feet on
the open pages of his ticket book. Often I
recline full or half length on his table, but
I seldom do this unless I have hob-nails in
my shoes, or unless he has a number of
tariffs, some correspondence, or an assort-
ment of ticket stubs that I can pull off on
the floor when I leave.

  It is only by these little tokens that he
appreciates my visits.

  I do not know how it is in other offices
where the commerce of man is carried on,
but, on railroads, no man can go into an
office for any purpose without crowding
close upon the official occupant.

  You would think a trainman—merely
citing an instance—would address a tele-
graph operator through the window, would
you not?

  Guess again, Polonius.
24

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

J.noewrtN Lymd

 “ Yes, five days—five weeks—five years
 —five centuries—”

 Chauncy groaned and doubled over in
 his chair with his face in his hands.

 He was in the throes of combat. He was
 throwing off the yoke of bondage. He was
 in the titanic struggle to liberate himself
 from an evil habit.

 I could give him no aid. All I could do
 was to stand passively by until the crisis of

  So I bolted into Chauncy’s office with the
usual railroad abandon.

  Chauncy met me with a murderous look.
The battalion halted with the right wing
resting on the office safe.

I FILLED CHAUNCY'S NOSTRILS WITH THE AROMATIC SPICE OF THE SELECTED LEAF.

  “Tell me,” I half gasped, “is the body
concealed in the basement?”

  “Never mind the body,” growled Chaun-
cy, “ Sherlock Gulk will attend to those
details. I thought that door was locked and
bolted, but I see it wasn’t. Sometimes when
I see ’em pass the window, I can leap over
there in time to clamp it fast, but that ac-
cursed chair was in the way and I lost out
by one second.”

  “Will you have a cigar?” I asked tim-
idly.

  “No—no!” protested Chauncy, wildly
waving me off with both hands. “ Don’t
do that! Put ’em away! Not for me! I
quit ’em first of January! Don’t light that
here! Don’t let me see it! I can’t stand
to smell the smoke! It makes me wild! ”

  “ Have you been five days without a
cigar?” I asked dubiously.

the agony hajl passed. I lit a cigar and
puffed in his direction intermittent whiffs of
the fragrant Havana fill. When a man
struggles, he should have something with
which to struggle. That is what makes a
real man. If he conquers too easily it is not
worth the effort.

  I filled Chauncv’s nostrils with the aro-
matic spice of the selected leaf.

  I watched him squirm.

  Then I shifted to the ticket window and
leaned against the counter and beat a
tattoo on the ticket dater.

  When an outsider gains access to a ticket
office, the first friendly thing that he does is
to toy with.the ticket dater. Usually he
stamps the unprotected type a few times,
after which he turns the thumb screws. I
did both of these.

  “Don't do that!” yelled Chauncy, com-
OBSERVATIONS OF A COUNTRY STATION-AGENT.

25

ing to life again. “Don’t monkey with the
dater. See what you have done! ”

  Chauncy stamped a piece of clip and
held it up for my inspection.

  “What date is to-day? January five!
See what you did! You changed the date
to July four! Suppose I hadn’t seen you!
Suppose I had sold a lot of tickets. They
are limited to date, you understand. See
how you would mix the conductor and the
auditor. They would come back at me and
I would have to explain. What could I
say?”

   Chauncy searched my childlike face with
a fierce scrutiny—but no visible answer.

   “If you go over there and sit down I’ll
Tget you a pack of card tickets to play
with,” he continued disgustedly. “They
are numbered in order, you know, and you
can muss them up. That’s fully as enter-
taining as playing with the dater or sitting
on the typewriter.”

  I sat down, but with brazen front. I
have been among railroaders some years,
and the fierce glance, the reproving gesture,
and the reprimanding word do not add a
single pulse beat or the faintest blush.

   “ Broke off any
other bad habits
than smoking?”

I asked after a
bit, with a sort of
languid interest.

   “ I quit swear-
ing, also,” growled
Chauncy.

 “What! No
more profanity.”

  “Not from me,
believe me. I rea-
soned it all out.

Why should a man
permit himself to
be a slave of a
lot of mean hab-
its? Why ruin the
health by tobacco
and the mind by
ugly words ? Why
does a man want
to use profanity,
anyway?”

   “ Search me,” I
replied. “ I can use
it without want-
ing to.”

  “ A man uses
profanity,” Chaun-

cy went on with the deliberate wisdom of the
last court, “ as a low and vulgar substitute
for decent words. The free and easy swear-
er forgets, after a time, a large part of his
native language. He qualifies everything
with an oath. Exit adjectives! Then
when he is unexpectedly called into a seemly
and decorous conversation, he finds he is
a blank. He hasn’t the goods. He cannot
deliver. He turns turtle.”

  “What’s that got to do with railroad-
ing?” I asked innocently. “They seem to
get trains over the royd on about as spotted
a vocabulary as ever adulterated the atmos-
phere.”

  “That's the train service. My duties are
with the public and call for polish and good
breeding. In short—a gentleman. Can
you grasp that ? ”

  I went after it, but muffed the ball. The
Charley horse or the sun got in my eyes.

  “ Don't get the angle,” I apologized
feebly. “Do people recognize you? Did
you quit anything else?*’

  “ I have,” said Chauncy solemnly. “ I
have quit showing irritation. I have quit
showing that streak of ugliness and bad

JIM'S MOUTH WAS FULL OF COLLAR-BUTTONS.
26

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

temper that is in almost every man. ‘ Smile,
and the world smiles with you.’ Ever hear
that one? That’s me! ”

  Chauncy’s face lighted up with a smile,
sickly but virtuous. He stood and proudly
pointed to himself as the paragon of up-
rightness.

  “That’s me!”

  I started to slink out. “ This holy tem-
ple is no place for me,” I explained.

  “ Hold a moment,” protested Chauncy,
laying a detaining hand. “ I bunched ’em
all, threw ’em overboard.” He made a
larboard sweep of the arms. “Since Janu-
ary one, I am a changed individual—a re-
generated man! ”

  “What,” I cried. “No more Burgunda?
No more of the exquisite boquet of the
yuba-yola, the fermenti of old Kaintuck,
or the brew of Milwauk? Everything to
the discord? Do I get it right?”

  “You do,” said Chauncy. “You get the
situation with one comprehensive grasp.”

  I held up four fingers and tapped them
off deliberately. “ Smoking, swearing,
drinking, and ill-temper. Anything else ? ”
Chauncy shook his head.

  “ How about lying and short-changing
the public? ”

  “Not guilty!” snorted Chauncy. “It
isn't the ticket agent that lies—it is the
public that misunderstands. When you
tell a passenger all about a connection, he
forgets in an hour or so whether you said
a.m. or p.m. If everything isn’t just as
he thinks it should be, he knows you have
lied to him, even if he can’t remember a
word that was told him. As for short-
changing, a passenger will walk away from
your ticket window and leave his change on
your counter. The agent calls to him, then
whistles, then yells, then turns in the general
alarm to attract the departing patron, who
will finally be steered back to rake in his
change, and will not even bestow a single
grateful look on the agent who engineered
the comeback. If the agent should forget
to put the change before the passenger, or
underputs, the passenger bawls him out as
a highway robber, a daylight bandit, a bold
marauder. Police!”

   “ Sad, indeed, that one should be so mis-
understood,” I said, with doubtful sym-
pathy. “Wouldn’t it have been better to
have taken laudanum and made a hasty
exit from this cruel world? Without the
nerve to do this, why try to reform? Why
not plunge deeper in villainy and degrada-

tion? Why do you seek to lead a better life
when the odds are against you? My boy,
you have started in the wrong direction.
You should smoke more, drink more, swear
more, lie, steal, and justify the faith of the
public.’ Have a cigar?”

  Chauncy waved aside the proffer with a
J. Cassar disdain.

  “ Strange, isn’t it,” he said, “ when a
man’s friends find he has deserted the
crooked paths, how they trouble themselves
to lead him back. When I smoked, you
never came in here with cigars. If there
were any free offerings they were from me
to you. When you find I’ve quit ’em, you
hand ’em out as freely as John D. Oilfellow
does advice. To the rear with you, Lu-
cifer! ”

  “Will you tell me what brought about
the reformation?” I asked. “Is there a
woman in it? Or is it just a fool caprice of
January the first?”

  “ A little of both,” replied Chauncy.
“ Mostly the latter. The thirtieth of De-
cember was the witching day. Three little
incidents happened to me on that day. They
came in rapid succession and they were
trivial within themselves, but they set me
thinking so seriously that I determined
with the new year, it was me for the straight
and narrow.

  “ Going back a little. Has it ever oc-
curred to you that while all of us have many
acquaintances, only a few of them are real
friends? Friends that are like brothers?
There are only from two to five for ever}'
man. You know Jim Parker up-town?
Jim is one of the nearest. I say anything
to Jim; ditto Jim to me. I was always a
welcome guest at his home. I go there, we
open a bottle, touch off a Havana, and la-
ment the shortcomings of humankind in
one convivial and congenial wail that does
both of us a lot of good.

  “We view everything in about the same
light. We have the same tastes, the same
politics, the same line of religion, the same
cl—n dis—Excuse me! a slip of the tongue
—die same dismal outlook on what is and
what is to be, so we find solid enjoyment in
each other’s company.

   “ Jim’s wife is the little lady of the land.
She is not an assertive, talkative woman
with an insinuating presence. She has that
pleasing reserve, that smiling diffidence, that
bewitching toleration, that encourage the
vanity of man and make him look upon her
as the princess of womankind.
\

OBSERVATIONS OF A COUNTRY STATION-AGENT.

27

 “ She was always glad to have me come
 to the house and spend an evening with
 Jim. She thought I was a gentleman—”

 “ A what ? ” I cried in amazement.

 “ A gentleman,” retorted Chauncy. “ She
 thought I was a gentleman.”

 “ Poor ignorant creature—”

 “Please do not interrupt me,” said
 Chauncy. “ I make no claims, understand.
 I grant she was mistaken, but she thought

“ Jim’s lusty ‘ Hallo ’ came back at me.
“Now, when you chasten a friend, soft
words have no value. I wanted to hand
him a classic rebuke. 1 Hallo! ’ called Jim
again.

  “This I learned afterward:

  “ Jim’s mouth was full of collar-buttons.
He was changing shirts. After the second
‘hallo,’ he handed the receiver to his wife.
‘ See what he wants,’ said Jim.

1' YOU’VE GOT YOUR NERVE WITH YOU, TO STICK THAT UGLY MUG OF YOURS UP TO

THAT TICKET WINDOW.”

it, and that was the situation up to 2 p.m.
of the afternoon of the 30th of December.

  “ Going back a few months into the past
for a connecting incident, I will confide to
you that a certain deadhead with a plaus-
ible story put one over on me, and it cost
me ten dollars. It was such a scientific
touch that I put Jim next to it. When I
learned that, in spite of my friendly ad-
monition, Jim had fallen for the same im-
position, I was somewhat irritated with him
for placing so light a value on my well-
meaning advice. So I proceeded to chasten
him.

  “ He was at home and I got him on the
phone.	-

“ Then I interjected myself into the plot.
“ ‘ Say,’ I yelled ferociously, ‘ you’re a
fool! That was a fine way to do after me
putting you next! If I hadn’t any more
sense than you got I’d—’

  “ That was as far as I got.

  “ A cry of a woman’s voice came to my
ear, a cry of offense and injury. It was
Jim’s wife. I fired that broadside of bil-
lingsgate directly at her—as gentle a little
lady as ever lived.

  “ I suppose Jim bounced over to the tele-
phone and came back at me with some thun-
der. Anyway, I wasn’t there. I hung up
and let the infernal machine ring. I did not
want to communicate with any one for a
28

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

time. My first impulse was to lie out of
it and prove an alibi. Then I resolved to
double the dose and hand it to Jim stronger
than before, when I found the opportunity.

   “It'came sooner than I expected. Jim
found his way to the depot.

   “ The first I was aware of his presence
was, in chancing to look up, I confronted
him at the ticket window with a semi-pug-
nastic, quizzical expression on his face.

   “ I gave him a hard, unafraid ^tare, to

  “ At least that was the intention.

  “But Jim, always considerate and polite,
had stepped aside just as I delivered that
broadside, and his place at the window
was taken by a lady delegate to a suffragette
convention. She was a lady of classic re-
finement and native Mayflower piety. She
gave me one horrified look, then, with tilted
head and features set like stone, she swept
from the place.

  “ Jim dug out also.

“ He didn’t want to
be seen in my company.
He hesitated at the door
long enough to pull off
the little pantomime of
tapping himself sug-
gestively on the head,
and to say, 1 Too bad—
too bad! ’

“ I sat down and had
some hard and hurried
thoughts.

“ Of course, I deter-
mined on an humble
apology and explana-
tion to the lady dele-

gate.

That brought me

show I was-neither ashamed or humiliated,
and bent over a bunch of tickets I was
counting.

   “ I added a touch of bravado.

   “ Like cures like. Or, as Shakespeare
puts it:

   Take then some new infection to the eye,

    And the rank poison of the old will die.

   “I boldly handed Jim another.

   You’ve got your nerve with you,’ said
I, ‘ to stick that ugly mug of yours up to
that ticket window.’ I said it hard and
strong, then looked at him in the eye.

to the humiliating con-
clusion- that my brand
of offhand conversation
needed setting out on the
rip-track.

“ I fixed the date then
and there—January the
first! From that day,
no more evil words;
nothing stronger than
genteel slang.

“ Maybe you think
that is easy. Think
again.

“ I can’t have any
feelings. I can't get mad. I can’t be aston-
ished. I can’t be overjoyed. I ani stupefied
and speechless. I sit around here in a dead-
ly calm.”.

  “ Clam,” I suggested.

  “ Calm,” retorted Chauncy. “ I said
calm—c-a-l-m, meaning quiet, repose, tran-
quillity.”

  “ Also,” I added helpfully, “ sluggish,
dull-witted, addle-pated, dunder-lieaded.”

  “ S’nough,” cried Chauncy, raising a pro-
testing hand. “ Nobody asked your help.
If I could only smoke, it would be more en-
durable.”
OBSERVATIONS OF A COUNTRY ST ATI ON-AGENT.

29

  “Why quit everything the same day?”
I asked, with some curiosity. “Why not
wrestle with one temptation at a time.”
“What do you know about it?” asked
Chauncy savagely. “ Did you ever quit
anything? Don't advise any one until you
have put through a few resolves yourself.
I quit ’em all in one bunch at one time to
be done with it. Why should I want to
spread the agony along on the instalment
plan?

  “ I quit smoking because I consumed ten
cigars a day and upward. That is a strain
on my resources and an irritant to my
nerves. Frazzled nerves induce profanity.
One is a mean accomplice of the other.
When I quit one I quit all. Quit swearing
at 2 p.m. Quit smoking at 3 p.m. Took
my last ‘ bottled in bond ’ at 4 p.m., same
day, December 30. The helpful hand and
cheering mood, two days later. January
1, at 9 p.m., I was under the half-wool
blankets, and at 10 I dreamed of smoking.
I snorted and puffed, turned into a grass-
hopper engine and plunged into a tunnel
and went down, down, down, through the
Jurassic, Triassic, Silurian. A pterodactyl
took a peck at me, and old Pluto reached
for the prongs. That’s the first night out
on the reform route, and the scenery don’t
improve any the further you go.

  “ I told you what set me thinking about
my language. You ask what gave me fur-
ther pause about the weed? Listen.

  “After that suffragette lady fled from
the window, I sat down in a blue funk to
moralize on my degeneracy.

  “ ‘ Say, fellow,’ came a rude voice from
the ticket window, ‘ I want some informa-
tion! Hurry up! I ain’t got much time to
stand here! Here’s how it is! If I go to
Paducah, and from there to Casad Landing-,
and can get a packet to Heck’s Ferry, and
that logging road shouldn’t happen to be
running out of Kuttawa, how could I
double back from Bowling Green to Mam-
moth Cave ? Do you know anybody around
Tompkinsville? Wonder if there’s a good
private boarding-house at Glasgow. Gal-
latin is a good town, isn’t it? What will
the liveryman charge me to drive me over to
Edmonton ? ’

  “ I got up languidly, still preoccupied
with thoughts of my own, and shoved him
the official guide.

     Hold on,’ he cried, 1 I caift find any-
thing in that book! ’

  “ ‘ Look in the back for the index,' I said.

     You’re like all the rest of them! You
don’t want to give any information! May-
be you can’t! But you don't look like you
would, anyway! ’

  “He snorted some more ill-natured stuff,
but I remained quiet.

  “ He made a pretense of finding some-
thing in the guide, but I knew it was a
hopeless quest. After two or three min-
utes, he gave it up. I knew he would.
Trouble Was, he did not know what he
wanted, neither did I. He pushed the
guide toward me.

  “ ‘ Thank you for your trouble. Don’t
know how the traveling public would get
along if it wasn’t for the kindness of the
ticket agents.’

  “ Sarcasm was too apparent. No answer
necessary from me.

  “ He turned away, then he came back.

  “1 Have a cigar,’ he said. ‘ That’s about
the only way I can show my appreciation
for your attention/

  “ Maybe he thought I wouldn’t take it—
but I did. Not only that, but I looked
it over critically to let him know I was
choicv, even in the acceptance of tokens of
appreciation.

  “ ‘ Muchblige,’ I grunted.

  “ It looked good. I bit off the end,
lighted it, and tilted back so I could think
more comfortably and complacently over
the evil words I had previously liberated.

  “All remorse is tempered, all sorrow is
mollified, by the slow tasty whiffs of real
Havana.

  “I thought—

  “ All at once I got a whang that was not
exactly orthodox. I pulled again, then
again, but the last was still viler. I held
the cigar between my fingers and gave it a
reproving scrutiny. Then I tried it again.
I pulled at it and chewed on it until the
senses of smell and taste were grossly offend-
ed. Half smoked, I laid it aside.

  “ I went over to the cooler and gargled
my throat. I burned a rubber band to neu-
tralize the stench. What brand, what in-
fernal concoction was in that cigar? What
genius had conceived the idea of crossing
kraut, limburger, and crude oil in an inno-
cent Sumatra wrapper? I asked myself
that fool question. With an eager curiosity,
I dissected the unsmoked portion.

  “ Believe me, sir, but I found the full-
length- remains _of Rameses III, consumed
to about the third vertebra, embalmed in
two thin shrouds of real tobacco.
30

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

J MoS-fA/vtx LVm

"HEY—HEY—HO—HO—WELL WELL1.” CACKLED THE OLD JUDGE. "YOU MUST ALWAYS

SHAKE THE BOTTLE.”

  “ That was my first thought, but on
closer inspection, it turned out to be a three-
inch tobacco or tomato worm gone to its
reward and cunningly entombed by some
devilish cigar-making wag, and, in the last
act, passed to me for politeness. And I—
I, sir, innocently and unconsciously acted
in the last sad rites as an official crematory.

  “ Of course, that fellow knew the cigar
contained a corpse—the ungrateful whelp.

  “When a man swears himself into dis-
grace at two o'clock, and smokes himself
into disgust at three o’clock, it’s time to
quit both. Isn’t it, now?”

  “ But at four o’clock you went dry—how
was that? ” I asked.

  “ Same day—but that’s another story.

  “A ticket ^gent learns from his town
paper the comings and goings of his people,
and on these hints he often calls at their
homes to interest them in his line.

  “ I read that Judge Hock was expecting
to go to Florida. I called at his residence.
I needed a walk and the open air to get
the mummy taste out of my mouth.

  “ The judge is an old man with tottering
step, dull ears, and defective eyes. He was
glad that I called and eager to talk of the
details of his contemplated trip. He led me
into his dining-room, and, fumbling about
the sideboard with an uncertain hand,
brought forth a bottle.

  “ ‘ Here it is,’ he said with a chuckle,
shaking an amber bottle. ‘ I got this when
I was in Florida last winter. It’s Jamaica
rum—real Jamaica—very rare. Maybe a
little fiery for you, but you won’t mind it.
You don’t get anything like this very often.’

  “ He placed the bottle before me.

  “ I laid a firm hand and poised the wine-
glass with a steady nerve.

  “ I poured out a portion of dark liquid—
not brimful, understand, but a liberal meas-
ure. I took a gulp. It stung like a hor-
net. I threw a fandango, let out one blood-
curdling Commanch, and shot out the afore-
said in the open grate. It was blue flames
and the bottomless pit.

  “ The next moment the household was in
an uproar.
OBSERVATIONS OF A COUNTRY STATION-AGENT.

31

  “ ‘ Hey — hey —ho — ho — well, well! ’
cackled the old judge. ‘ I didn’t think it
was that stout! You must always shake the
bottle. The fusel-oil’s on top. You didn’t
shake it! ’

  “ The judge’s daughter appeared on the
scene and took in the situation at a glance.

  “ I was bobbing up and down on one toe
and holding both hands on my mouth.

  “‘ Water! ’ I gasped.

  “They rushed for water.

  “ I cut a spread-eagle and the figure
eight before the water reached me.

  “ * What have you done, pa ? ’ cried the
girl, catching up the bottle. ‘ Why, pa,
look here! • Goodness gracious, pa! How
could you do it! This is your lumbago
liniment! ’

  “From that minute the water-wagon for
me. It was an act of Providence, all those
things happening to me the same afternoon,
right at the swearing-off anniversary.”

  “ Allah is great! Allah is wise! ” I said
with Mohammedan fervor.

  That was five days ago.

  To-day, I again looked in on Chauncy.
It is the tenth. I was disgusted.

  Festoons of smoke hung and drifted
about the office walls, and he had just
lighted a fresh one.

  “ Have a cigar with me,” he exclaimed

with bravado. “ There’s a box of them in
the safe. The best blank blank goods that
ever came to this town. This is number ten
for me. I stayed with it nine days. Nine
days in the desert.

            Nine days with naught
            But dismal thought.

  “Who saved me? A woman? Yes, a
woman led me out. It was Jim’s wife. I
told her how sorry I was, and how miserable
I was! I told her of the new but joyless
life!

  “ ‘ Give me,’ said she, ‘ the man who
smokes if he likes, swears if he feels it, and
fights if he must—a virile, assertive, and
combative hero, who is not afraid of him-
self.’

  “ I saw it that way at once.

  “Who wants a trembling weakling?
That was me, see? Who calls for a molly-
coddle? Was I coming to that, a molly-
coddle? Heavens! it was a narrow
escape.”

  “And the Jamaica rum?” I asked.

  “ H’st. It’s ordered. A package will
come from Covington—Covington, Ken-
tucky—K. Y. A ‘ gentleman’s agreement,’
you have heard of that among railroaders,
haven’t you? They don’t last much over a
week. I lasted nine days! Think of that!
Some quality, eh ? ”

TELEPHONING FROM A MOVING TRAIN.

Wireless Messages Are Successfully Exchanged Between English Inventor

on Train and Station Operator.

WIRELESS telephoning from a moving train
was accomplished recently (or the first
time with complete success, on a stretch of rail-
way line four miles in length, between Horley and
Three Bridges, on the Brighton Railway, near
London, England.

  Mr. Henry von Kramer, the inventor, who con-
ducted the experiment, is an electrical engineer,
trained at Munich, and now engaged in business
at Birmingham. For four years he has been
working out the system in his private workshop.

  For the purpose of the experiment a double line
of wire was laid along the sleepers between Horley
and Three Bridges. One telephone apparatus
was placed in the brake-van of the 2.03 p.m. train
from London Bridge, the other was in the signal-
box at Three Bridges.

  As the train entered the circuit at Horley. Mr.
70n Kramer placed the receivers to his ears and
conversation took place while the train was run-
ning at forty miles an hour. A railway official
then took the telephone, and, talking to an in-
spector at Three Bridges, asked him to repeat the
message.

  This was satisfactorily done, and the inventor
then had another successful conversation. The
fact which distinguishes Mr. von Kramer's sys-
tem from any other previously tried in England or
America is that there is 110 contact by brush be-
tween the moving train and the stationary wires.
The electric impulses travel between the “ bridge ”
on the carriage and ground wires through an open-
air space of eighteen inches.—English Mechanic
c.nd World of Science.
VANISHING RAILROADERS

BY JOHN W. SAUNDERS.

         The Thousand-and-One Nights’ Tales of the Old
         Railroads as They Were Related by the Boys.

CHAPTER I.

Retrospective.

f CONFESS that I have long enter-
tained an indulgent feeling to-
ward several classes of men who
are dealt hardly with by common
report. These are hackmen, bag-
gage-men, conductors of street-
cars, and railroad men generally. While I
am willing to admit that these fraternities
contain their proportion of black sheep, I
am not aware that they are in any way
dangerous.

  I cannot believe that the extra coat of soot
so freely laid on by that extravagant color-
ist, public opinion, can be justified by ap-
peal to any ordinary models. Few realize,
perhaps, the extent to which they think evil
of good neighbors and industrious public
servants.

  A railway-conductor invites a passenger
to leave the car at a certain station, and
learns with horror that he has insulted a
village alderman returning from a metro-
politan debauch. A brakeman refuses a
gentleman permission to smoke in a parlor-
car, and is reported for rudeness to an
embryo Congressman. An engineer, run-
ning a wild engine to some wreck, refuses
to take a brace of pedestrians into his cab,
and he is.called up to answer the complaints
of some agricultural committee. Devotion
to rules and instructions brings these per-
sons before their self-constituted enemies in
an unenviable light, and straightway all
railway men are condemned.

  I once atfended a popular lecture on
temperance, illustrated by numerous highly
colored prints professing to represent the
stomachs of drunkards.

  The theory appeared to be that redness is
the greatest of all evils, and the stomachs
depicted became redder and redder—from
the rose-colored blush attached to that bane
of teetotalism, the moderate drinker, up to
the rubicundity, deep and bright, discov-
ered in a man who had died of delirium
tremens.'

  At this point there still remained a
stomach unaccounted for—one far redder
than the rest. The intensely vivid scarlet
of its center passed gradually into maroon
on one side, into purple on the other.

  At length the lecturer pointed his wand
toward this appalling object. The ex-
pectant audience was hushed into breathless
silence. A pin might have been heard to
drop.

   “ This, ladies and gentlemen." he uttered
very slowly and deliberately, as if in enjoy-
ment of the suspense, “ this heart-rending
diagram presents to you a faithful and
accurate delineation of”—pausing again—
“ a railroad man’s stomach! ” And then,
giving time only for the expiatory sounds,
and for the rustle of subdued but general
movement, which accompany the release of
an assembly from highly wrought attention,
he proceeded to denounce those persons who,
by riding on railways, afforded to the at-
taches thereof the means of applying a
hectic flush to their digestive organs.

   I am not prepared to picture the effect he
produced upon others; but for myself, I was
sufficiently struck by the injustice of the
sweeping accusation which the words con-
veyed, to turn with no small' disgust'-from
the glib fanatic through whose lips they
passed.

   From this small incident I date the origin
of an involuntary regard, since confirmed
by many incidents, for a worthy class who
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

33

have suffered unduly in the estimation of
dieir fellow men. I am always ready to
defend them from so silly a charge, for it
should be known that no person given to
excessive indulgence in any of the small
vices can find employment to-day in any
department of the railway service if once
exposed.

  There are black sheep now and then, but
these are exceptions to the rule. There are
traces of the divine hand of the Creator in
us all. Whether we look upward or down-
ward in society, if we will only see each
other rightly, we can come to no truer con-
clusion than that railroad men are good
fellows in the main.

  Engineers and firemen are wont to sun
themselves, when off duty, at the round-
house, and it is not uncommon to find a
score of these brave fellows gathered at a
single sitting.

  A majority are off duty, a few may be
waiting for orders; but there is always time
for a yarn, and some one to tell it. The
better class of engineers begin life as ap-
prentices in the shop, and developing into
master machinists, go into the cab, familiar
with every part of a locomotive, and thor-
oughly trained in the method of its con-
struction.

  They are regular subscribers to the vari-
ous publications that issue in the interest
of their branch of the service, and, as a
general thing, keep themselves well informed
as to current events. The fireman who
goes through a severe apprenticeship with
the hope of some day getting an engine of
his own, is usually much attached to his en-
gineer, and the two are generally insepa-
rable companions.

  The fireman’s brasses must shine, even
though food and rest have to be ignored.
Both engineer and fireman become much at-
tached to their engine. They frequently vest
it with human faculties, and not infrequently
expect it to give evidence of reciprocal affec-
tion. The confidence of the engineer in
his locomotive is of the same character as
that which binds the lover to his sweetheart.

•CHAPTER II.

The Old Eagle Eye’s Yarn.

" T USED to run a locomotive,” said Jones,
“on a road branching out from the
C., H. and D., at Hamilton, Ohio, and run-
ning into Indiana. John Lincoln was su-
3 RR

perintendent, but I've forgotten what they
called the line. It was fifty years ago.
Podunk was on that road, a town in Posey
County, not unknown to fame. Stopping
there one night, I noticed two green-looking
countrymen inspecting the locomotive, and
giving vent to expressions of astonishment.
Finally one of them looked up to me and
said:

  “‘Stranger, are this a lokymotive? ’
“‘Yes. Didn’t you ever see one be-
fore? ’

  “ ‘ Haven’t never seed one afore. Me and
Tom come down to the station to-night pup-
puss to see one. This is the feller, ain’t
he? ’

   “* Certainly.’

  “‘ What yer call that yer in now? ’

  “ ‘ We call this the cab, and that’s the
driving-wheel.’

  “ ‘ That black thing yonder’s the chim-
ney, s’pose ? ’

   “ ‘ Yes, that’s the chimney.’

  “1 Be you the engineer what runs the
merchine? ’

   “ ‘ I am the engineer.’

  “‘Tom,’ said the fellow to his mate,
after eying me closely for a few minutes,
‘ it don’t take much of a man to be an
engineer, do it? ’

  “ That joke was on me.”

  “ I came over from Liverpool,” said Man-
ning, when die laughter had subsided, “and
gets an engine on the New York Central. A
bit of an accident ’appened at the other end
of the line one day; that is to say, I run
my engine over a very respectable gentle-
man of the neighborhood. Wlren I gits to
the end of my run, seems like everybody
in the town was at the depot to bother me
with questions.

  “ I don’t say what town it was, as how I
don’t want to offend no man’s feelin’s. One
old gentleman ’arassed me very much, and
wouldn’t take no excuse, so, good-natured-
like, I told him as how it was.

  “ ‘ I seed the old gentleman upon the
line,’ says I, ‘ walking along with his hands
in his pockets, about ’alf a mile ahead,
quite comfortable, and I dare say thinkin’
o’ nothink like—certainly not of me, be-
hind him, coming along with a couple of
thousand tons at forty miles the hour. So
I whistles away merrily—’

  “‘Good Heavens!’ cried my listener.

‘ Do you tell me that you whistled when a
fellow creature was placed in circumstances
of such imminent peril ? ’
34

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

   “- I made my engine whistle,’ I explained.
‘ I often speaks of the engine as if it was
me, sir. I shrieked, I say, in a manner as
was a caution to cats; but not a bit would
the old gent get out of the way or turn his
head, by which means I can’t help think-
ing ever since that he was somehow deaf.
We reversed, put our brake on, and turned
off our steam, but, bless ye, it was ne’er a
morsel of use, for we couldn’t have pulled
up under a mile at least, and just as we
neared him the poor old gent turned round
and threw up his arms, like this—’

  “ ‘ Gracious goodness, my man,’ says my
listener, ‘ do you mean to say that you ran
hover ’im ? ’

  “4 Lor’ bless ye, sir, why, of course we
did. We was down upon ’im in a minute,
like one o’clock! ’

  “ The crowd was awful still now till a
young commercial traveler observed quite

dryly:

  “‘Yes, sir; the incident as which you
have so graphically described happened to
my uncle.’

  “ My old listener wiped the perspiration
from the top of his ’ead.

He was killed, of course? ’ he says.

   “ 4 No. The hentire train passed over ’im,
merely removing the skin from the top of
his nose. The engine threw him on his
back between the rails into a hollow part of
the ballast. If he hadn’t been deaf, he
would perhaps have gone mad with the
noise.’”

  Here’s another:

   “ Jim Carpenter was bringing in the east-
ward-bound train, not long since, and
stopped at Shokan. I don’t know what was
up; the sheriff of the town was on hand, with
a posse of men and a chain, to prevent the
train proceeding any farther. The chain was
passed through the back end of the rear car;
but before it could be fastened to anything
substantial, Jim got wind of how matters
stood. He threw the throttle wide open, and
started the train with a thump. The effect
on that posse was the same as that on the
Indians who once attempted to capture a
train on the Union Pacific road with a
lariat.”

  “ Some thirty-odd years ago, the down
train on the Bangor and Piscataquis road
was being made up at Oldtown for connec-
tion with the E. and N. A. train. A loco-
motive of the former line was moving quite
swiftly at a short distance from the depot.
My name is Jack Watford, and I was in

charge of that locomotive. A lad about
seven years of age walked into the center of
the track, unconscious of the approaching
engine. Busy with my inside brasses at the
time, and moving, as I thought, merely at a
depot pace, I failed to keep an eye ahead.
The locomotive came rushing along, and the
bystanders, horrified-at the peril of the boy,
shouted wildly to him to run.

  “The discovery of his peril seemed to
paralyze his limbs, and terror seemed to root
him to the spot. I looked out, saw the
trouble, and shut off—but it was too late.

  “Just as the engine reached the lad, a
young man rushed from the crowd to the
rescue. He seized the boy as the pilot of
the locomotive was within a few feet of the
spot, threw him by main force to the plat-
form beside the rails, and with a mighty
effort sprang clear of the track, apparently
grazing the front of the engine as it thun-
dered by.”

  “Talking about pilots,” says Crotter,
44 that reminds me of one. Tom Jauriet was
master mechanic of the Burlington, at Chi-
cago. He was of French extraction, one of
the most accomplished machinists in the
country, and the inventor of many valuable
improvements in the locomotive. 4 Ditto ’ is
the pet name of an engineer on the road, also
of French descent. One time 4 Ditto ’ sold
two pigs to Jauriet, but never received his
pay. Well, along came Jauriet’s order that
every engineer should pay for every pilot he
broke^ Oh, that was some years ago, old
man!

  44 Two years after the sale of the pigs
4 Ditto ’ went into Chicago with a broken
pilot, and the 4 old man ’ hinted at the pay.

4 Ditto,’ who was always able to pilot his
own canoe, replied:

  4 4 4 Me pay pilot ven you pay pig! ’ ”

  41 Doc, how about that fast time on the
B. and M. ? I heard of it when I was run-
ning into Albany.”

  44 Well, the 4 old man ’ came to me, and
says he: 4 Cap, can you make it ? ’ ”

   44 4 I kin, if the wheels'll stick on,’ says I.
44 4 Go ahead, then,’ says he, 4 and I’ll get
on the way-car.’

  441 looked behind after I let her out. and
saw the tails of his coat sticking straight
out, and he standing on the hind steps.
When we reached the down grade the trucks
came off the hind end of the last car. but we
never stopped! I made it, and the old man
said it was the best time I ever made on that
road.”
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

35

  “ What kept the hind end of that car up,
boy ? ” asked Stedman.

   “Well, you see, we was going so fast that
the wind held her up all the way! ”

   “ Just so,” rejoined Smith ; “ that reminds
me of our old black cat. She had twenty--
two lives. She used to go down in the cellar
and lick up all the old woman’s cream. I
thought I had her killed once or twice, but
she managed to come round again.”

  “Which?” inquired Doc. “The old
woman ? ”

  “No, you fool! the old black cat! Well,
finally I broke her to pieces one day against
the cellar wall, so she couldn’t come together
again, and buried her in an old pile of rotten
hay near where some corn and punkins were
planted.

  “Next spring the corn came up and the
punkins got ripe. One morning the old
woman went down in the cellar for her
cream, and there was the black cat, licking
away as if'she hadn’t lost a day! There
was a littl^ of thejrotten hay sticking to her
yet, and out of her body there protruded—”
“There what?” interrupted Doc.

  “ Out of her body hung a punkin-vine,
and a little ways off was a punkin. Farther
along on that vine was another punkin, and
dien another, and so on all die way out to
that hay-pile! ”

   “ Say, Smith, how fur was it to that hay-
pile?”

  “Well, I didn’t measure, but I should
judge about a mile.”

  Doc got down on his game leg, pulled off
his cap, and said with warmth:

   “ Smith, that’s an infernal lie! ”

  Charlie Clark, an old U. P. man, but
later on the North Missouri, said they used
to have Doc’s match out that way.

  “Jim Styles was one of the oldest engi-
neers in the country, and one of the best of
men. He had a run on the old Ohio and
Mississippi. I fired for him several years,
and he taught me all I know about a loco-
motive.

   “ It was common to drink at every station
in those days, and some of us even went so-
far as to carry it in the box on the cab. Jim
was very fond of his brine, and it often got
the better of him. He was a widower with
two children—both girls, one about eighteen,
the odier eight. I was a little sweet on the
big one, and I belie\re Jim thought the road
was clear, but—well, let me tell it my own
way.

  “We got to thinking seriously about this

brine business, and one evening the little
girl asked Jim and me to go to a temperance
meeting in the town where we both lived.
We laughed at the idea at first; but, to hu-
mor his little pet, the father took her by the
hand, and we were all soon seated in the
church.

“ The address was about individual in-
fluence, and, pointing right at us, he said:

‘ The little girl sitting on the workingman’s
knee in front of me, even she has influence! ’

  “Jim, as if acting under some sort of a
spell, jumped up, put the child on the floor,
and then, striking his hand against his
thigh, exclaimed, ‘ That’s true! ’ Then em-
barrassed at what he had done, took his seat,,
put the little girl again on his knee, and lis-
tened attentively to the speaker. Everybody
was taken aback, of course, and some
thought he was drunk, but I knew they
would never have a chance to say that of
Jim Styles again.

  “Well, the meeting broke up, and a good
many ladies came to kiss Jim’s little girl.

I pulled out a ways, for, to tell the truth,
boys, I wasn’t used to such scenes. After a
bit, the lecturer came to Jim and asked him
what made him act so in the meeting.

   “ ‘ I am an engineer of the road here,’ said
Jim; ‘ and when I had the south run I used
to go for my brine every night, and seldom
returned sober. I had a daughter then
about eighteen years old, a dutiful child
with a warm and affectionate heart. She
used to come after me to the beer-shop, and
wait outside the door in the cold and wet
until I came out, that she might conduct me
home.

   “ ‘ She was. afraid, if left to myself, that I
might fall and injure myself on die way.
She caught a severe cold, poor thing, in this
way; it turned to consumption, and she died.

I felt her death very much, though I still
went to the saloon. But, somehow or other,

I never liked to go that way alone after she
died, especially in the night, and, for the
sake of company, I used to take with me the
little girl whom you saw sitting on my knee
to-night.

  “ ‘ But one night,’ Jim went 011, ‘ I was
walking along with the little girl, and when
we got very near the saloon there was a great
noise within, and my little girl shrank back
and said, “Father, don’t go in!”

  “ ‘ Vexed with her, I took her up in my
arms and proceeded. Just as I was entering
the saloon door, I felt a scalding hot tear
fall from her eyes. It went to my heart.
36

THE RAILROAD MANS MAGAZINE.

I turned my back on the saloon. It is now
three months ago, and I have never tasted
a drop since.’ ”

CHAPTER III.

When You Hit Something.

“TAUTCH JAKE” was the railroad name
of a Teutonic engineer on a certain
Eastern road. “ Princeton Bill ” is the name
of a worthy Scotchman who attends the
switches at an important point on the same
road. He has been there ever since the road
was built.

   A paralytic attack, or something of that
sort, has affected the hinges of his jaw, and
they work poorly. He can get up steam
easy enough, but his rods are too tight.
There is a heap of lost motion on the part
of the jaws before he gets a word out, and
when it comes, it comes with a jerk.

   Dutch Jake, on the other hand, stutters;
his tongue always gets in the way when he
talks, especially when he is excited. Jake
first met Bill when the latter was fixing a
switch to let his train in. Bill attempted to
tell Jake that there were some cars to take
on there. The jaws struggled, the mouth
was all at sea, and the tongue forgot its
cunning.

   Jake gazed first with awe, and, hearing
no articulate sound, imagined that the
switchman was ridiculing his own infirm-
ity. Boiling with rage, he set out to reply.

  “W-w-w-m-m-m—” was as far as he
could get. His face red with the rushing
blood, his lips kept moving, but not a word
escaped.

   Bill replied in the same strain, after an-
other exhaust or two. Jake was finally
emptied of this struggling sentence:

   “ W-w-what i-i-in-t-t-th-hunder’s m-vn-
mat-ter m-m-mit you ? ”

   Bill was sure Jake was mocking him, and
went for him with both hands. If the boys
had not interfered, there would have been a
serious fight, for both were stalwart men.

  “ Guernsey is an engineer on a Georgia
railroad. His fireman is Joe Patty. Joe is
just getting well of his injuries.- They were
coming in with a passenger-train, due at
7.33 p.m., when, within a mile of Hickville,
Patty went to the front of the engine to oil
the valves of the steam-chest; and just as
he reached the bumper, a beam to which the
pilot is attached, the engine came in contact
with a cow. The force of the train threw

the cow upon the beam on which Patty was
standing with his back to the oyvyand his
face fronting the cab.

   “ The shock threw him off his feet,- but,
having a firm grasp upon a brace, he held
on with the tenacity of a drowning man. He
succeeded in maintaining his grip with one
hand until, with the use of his other, he re-
gained his position.

  “The cow, in -the meantime, had fallen
off into the ditch, dead. Patty’s right shoul-
der and breast were badly bruised, and the
palm of his right hand cut entirely across.

   “ I call that some ride, even for an old -
time engine,” said Bill Simkins, who told it.

   “ I think I can beat it,” said Steve Curry,
“ with one of the most thrilling railroad in-
cidents on record. It was literally a ride
for life. It occurred in Oregon, between
Portland and Salem.

   “ I had charge of the down train, and we
approached the station at full speed, for we
were some minutes behind. The road, at
this point, ran through a deep cut, something
more than a mile in length. Entering it,
the road makes a curve, so that an engineer
cannot see entirely through it.

   “ As we thundered along, I little thought
what stirring times were upon me. We had
hardly entered the cut before I saw a woman
riding leisurely through it, and with perfect
nonchalance, using the center of the track.
She was not more than half-way through the
cut, and barely a quarter of a mile ahead of
me. There was no air in those days. So
I whistled ‘ Down brakes,’ and then sounded
the warning.

   “The woman, hearing the peculiar death-
whistle of the locomotive, looked over her
shoulder, and saw the train rushing at her.
She did not shriek or faint, or give up all
hope. Her courage was equal to the emer-
gency. She commenced swinging her riding-
whip from one shoulder of her horse to the
other, thereby urging him to exert his ut-
most speed. The whip, and perhaps the
shrieking of the steam-whistle, caused the
horse to make time, but the iron monster
gained on him every moment,

   “ The quick and nervous whistling caused
the passengers to look out of the windows,
and when they saw the woman, the wildest
excitement ensued.

   “ Several jumped forward and seized the
bell-rope, as if that would help. The boys
at the brakes were exerting all their strength,
and you bet I was doing all I knew how to
stop the train.
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

37

  “The woman, too, was doing her level
best to make that bit of horseflesh rise an
unheard-of speed, but all in vain. The
locomotive kept gaining on the horse and its
rider, and there seemed no further hope.

  “Finally there were, perhaps, thirty feet
intervening between the cow-catcher and the
horse’s heels, when, fortunately for the
woman, she guided the fleeing horse from
the track and endeavored to press him
against the wall of the cut, in order that the
train might pass by without injury.

  “ In doing this she was encouraged by
Sam Winans, the conductor, who had run
forward and out on the locomotive. A few
moments more, and the fiery monster poked
his nose past the rump of the horse. At this
moment Winans threw his whole force
against the animal, and held him until the
train stopped. The space between the en-
gine and the wall of the cut was very nar-
row, but the woman’s life was saved.”

  “ Say, give us a rest on this escape and
accident business,” roared Cully, of the
B. and O.

  “ Here, too,” joined in Baker, of the
Pennsy. “ Out our way we kill people by
the score.”

“What was the woman’s name, Cutty?”
“ She proved to be a Portland girl on a
visit to a schoolmate at one of the smaller
stations; a beautiful, dashing, spirited girl,
about sixteen.”

  “ I say, what was her name ? ”

  “Well, her name is Mrs. Curry now.”

  “ Whew-w! All right, John, let her out! ”
Tounley, of the New York Central, said
it was time for a little more romance.

  “To begin at the beginning, a young lady
in the city of Troy, New York, the daughter
of wealthy parents, eloped with a young man
named Niles, a railroad engineer, and the
twain proceeded to Cleveland, Ohio. They
were pursued by an infuriated brother of
the young lady, and to avoid detection, after
the marriage ceremony had been performed,
the young lady arrayed herself in male
attire.

  “In this disguise, and while selling ap-
ples on the street, she passed her brother
several times without being recognized. The
couple went South, where Niles got an en-
gine on a Southern road. His wife, still
keeping up her disguise, shipped with him
as fireman. Between Nashville and Chatta-
nooga a shot fired by a highwayman in-
flicted a serious wound on the engineer, and
he was taken to a hospital. His wife fol-

lowed. and to her careful nursing Niles
owes his life.

  “ When sufficiently recovered to endure
the hardships of traveling, they returned to
Cleveland. A few months later gold dis-
coveries in Canada attracted them, and the
wife accompanied her husband, still in mas-
culine garments. The vicissitudes of her
career, exposed to hardships and accidents,
were too severe, however, and she died after
a brief illness. She wore male attire suc-
cessfully for ten years. Niles, who now re-
sides at Oshkosh, Wisconsin, is about forty
years of age, and does not refer to the he-
roic devotion of his wife but in terms of the
warmest admiration.”

  “ When a certain party sued our company
for damages,” said a fireman, “engineers
from all the roads were summoned to ap-
pear at the trial. Among others was Will-
iams, our master mechanic. One of the
lawyers asked the question:

  “ ‘ Can you get an engine up to a car
without moving the car; if so, how ? ’

  “ A number of engineers answered in va-
rious ways, until it came to Williams.

   “ ‘ Well, sir, I should just get a couple of
pinch-bars and pinch her up.’ ”

  “ At another time,” said Malone, “ there
was a suit against our road — something
about damages for setting fire to some hay.
Billy Wilson was a witness, and what he
don’t know about a locomotive ain’t worth
knowing. Well, the lawyer for the farmer
wanted to have some particular point about
the engine explained. Wilson had gone over
it two or three times, but couldn’t get it
through the lawyer. The, lawyer finally
confessed that he couldn’t understand it.

   “ ‘ I’m not at all surprised,’ rejoined Wil-
son. ‘ Anybody can become a lawyer, but
it requires brains to know a locomotive.’ ”
“It was during the Fulton County Fair
that this happened,” said an old-time con,
“ and extra trains were the order of the day.
Our train was the regular passenger run-
ning from Galesburg to Rushville, with or-
ders to meet the extra passenger at Canton,
then to run to Bryant for No. 20—KimbaFs
freight.

  “ We side-tracked at Canton, and while
there the telegraph operator received orders
to hold the passenger for No. 20. He start-
ed out with the order, and seeing the pas-
senger coming, thought it was Kimbal’.s
freight. He returned, failing to deliver the
order—for if it was the freight, the order
was useless.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

   “ But it was the passenger, and the oper-
ator did not discover his mistake until the
passenger came up to the platform and had
pulled out again. He ran after the train
with the order, but, of course, it was a use-
less chase. We had .orders to run to Bry-
ant and ‘ hurry up,’ and the freight had
orders to ‘ hurry up ’ to Canton. Both trains
were running at full speed! They met on
the short curve in the timber, about three
miles below Canton.

  “ They saw nothing of each other until
separated by only fifteen rods. Chilson
called for brakes, and Brooks, his fireman,
jumped off. He reversed his engine, and
with one foot against the boiler-head and
both hands firmly grasping the throttle, he
-braced himself for his fate, and stood there
until they struck!

  “When we picked him up life was not
extinct. His face was mashed and his body
fearfully scalded. We carried him to a
hotel, just across from the depot, and laid
him on a cot in the office. The landlord
complained that his house was full, but we
felt that he was afraid his trade would be
temporarily hurt.

  “We bore the sufferer to an old vacant
house, where he died in great agony in four
or five hours. His conductor,’ baggageman,
and brakeman were with him to the last.

   “ Both engines were smashed up, and two
or three passengers were slightly bruised,
but I believe the company thought poor
Chilson was the greatest loss.

  “Chilson refused to jump; he had often
been heard to say that it was an engineer’s
duty to stand by his engine under all cir-
cumstances.”

   “ I think,” said Sam Wallack feelingly,
“ that we have as brave men, men as much
devoted to duty, all about us as those who
have been celebrated in prose and verse.”

  “ Say, Doc,” asks one, “ what was the
name of that locomotive you run on the
B. and M. road, years ago? I heard that
you were on that road a while.”

   “ Why,” replied Doc, “ that was the old
‘ Ottumwa.’ She had a four-foot six-inch
wheel. You may talk about your rides and
your fast time, but just let me tell you what
happened to me once on that road.

  “Well, I was put onto the Ottumwa one
day, and, as the boys told me she wasn’t
very slow, thought I would try her a string
or two. My conductor came around and
says: ‘ This time has got to be made, and
you'll have to let her out to do it.’

   “ So I started. She moved off quite easy,
and after we got out of town I .let her out
a little. I had been jogging along I thought
about on time when Hilton, my conductor,
came over, and says he:

   “ ‘ Old man, you will find by the time you
get up the next grade that you won’t have
much time left to get to Crow’s Junction.’

   “ So I gave her another notch, and when
I got to the top of the grade I see, about a
mile ahead, a good half-mile of solid beef.
I took out my watch, and saw that I was
forty-five minutes late.

  “Says I to myself, ‘Faint heart never
won fair lady,’ and I told my fireman to
shove in some more diamonds. I gave her
a little of what goes through the boiler and
opened her feed-box. When we passed
through the beef it was all ready for the
butcher. I cut it up to order. Superintend-
ent said I was too much of a butcher.”
“You don’t mean to say, Doc, that you
went down the grade so fast that you killed
the stock? ”

   “No, I don't say so, but I know the fore-
man of the roundhouse ordered some of the
wipers to drive off that steer that stood by
the coal-chute. He mistook the Ottumwa
for a steer. They took eleven skins off the
pilot!

   “ I’ve got to finish this packing now, boys,
but that’s true.”

  “When Doc left the road here,” said
Stednian, “I took his engine, the old 51.
That locomotive could drink more, and do
her work under it, than any critter I ever
drove. But I never could get her by Jim
Aiken’s, at Mendota, until she had her
brine. Doc had her pretty well trained. I
tried her one day, working her wide open,
with one hundred and fifty pounds of steam,
but she stalled at Jim’s sure. Couldn’t get
her by until we had our brine! ”

   “ There are little incidents occurring on
the road,” said Charlie Cossom, “ as well
worth the telling as the latest murder. A
little girl wandered on a track in Delaware
as a freight-train of nineteen cars was ap-
proaching. As it turned the sharp top of
the grade opposite St. George’s, the engineer
saw the child for the first time, applied the
brakes, and reversed his engine. But it was
too late to slacken its speed in time, and the
poor baby got up and, laughing, ran to
meet it.

   “ The engineer told the conductor that
if he could jump off the engine and, run-
ning ahead, pick up the child before the en-
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

39

gine reached her, he might save her life,
though he would risk his own.

  “ The con did so. The engine was with-
in one foot of the child when he secured it,
and they were both saved. I would not run
the same risk of saving a child again, by
way of experiment, for a million, for nine
out of ten might not escape.

   “ He took, the child to the lane, and she
walked to her home. The honest engineer,
having finished his day’s run, sat down the
next morning and wrote a homely letter to
the father of the child, ‘ in order that it may
be more carefully watched in future,’ and
thanking God ‘ that himself and the baby’s
mother slept tranquilly last night, and were
spared the lifelong pangs of remorse.’ ”

  Then Bill Donovan said:

  “ I formed the acquaintance of Tom
Hoyle in the air, at an altitude, I should
conjecture, of about five thousand feet. We
were sent up as advance agents by a loco-
motive that subsequently retired from busi-
ness, so when we returned to mother earth
both employer and employment #were gone.

  “ I was not allowed the pleasure of a
formal introduction to Mr. Hoyle during
that brief journey, but having been picked
up in his embrace, I have always hugged
the impression that he had a hold on my
friendship for life. He was an English en-
gineer, or ‘ driver,’ as they are called there,
and I had been allowed a few miles on the
stoker’s seat, in order to watch Hoyle at his
work. He was a little over anxious to make
a good display of his skill and the power of
his engine, and his original ideas exploded,
with the result as hinted above.

  “ We were carried to a farmhouse near
by, where care and attention were extend-
ed. It was during this forced confinement
that I learned much about driving engines.
Hoyle would get his splinters arranged com-
fortably, and sometimes go on for hours, in
this way:

  “ ‘ When a man has a liking for a thing,
it’s as good as being clever. In a very short
time I became one of the best drivers on the
line. I took a pride in it, and liked it. No,

I didn't know much about the engine, scien-
tifically, as you call it; but I could put her
to rights if anything went out of gear—that
is to say, if there was nothing broken—but
I couldn’t have explained how the steam
worked inside.

   “ ‘ Starting an engine is just like drawing
a drop of gin. You turn a handle, and off
she goes; then you turn the handle the other

way, put on the brakes, and you stops her.
There’s not much more in it, so far. It’s
no good being scientific and knowing the
principle of the engine inside; no good at
all.

  “ ‘ Fitters who know all the ins and outs
of the engine make the worst of drivers.
That’s well known. They know too much.
It’s just as I’ve heard of a man with regard
to his inside; if he knew what a complicated
machine it is, he would never eat or drink,
or dance, or run, or do anything, for fear
of bursting something. So it is with fitters.
But we who are not troubled with such
thoughts, we go ahead.

   “ ‘ But starting an engine is one thing, and
driving of her is another. Any one, a child,
almost, can turn on steam and turn it off
again; but it ain’t every one that can keep
an engine well on the road, no more than
it ain’t# every one who can ride a horse
properly. It is much the same thing. If
you gallop a horse right off for a mile or
two, you take the wind out of him, and
for the next mile or two you must let him
trot or walk.

   “ ‘ So it is with an engine. If you put too
much steam on to get over the ground at
a start, you exhaust the boiler, and then
you’ll have to crawl along till your fresh
water boils up. The great thing in driving
is to go steady, never to let your water get
too low nor your fire too low. It’s the same
with a kettle. If you fill it up when it’s
about half empty, it soon comes to a boil
again.

  “‘You should never make spurts unless
you are detained and lose time. You should
go up an incline and down an incline at the
same pace. Sometimes a driver will waste
his steam, and when he comes to a hill he
has scarcely enough to drag him up.

  “ ‘ When you’re in a train that goes by
fits and starts, you may be sure there is a
bad driver on the engine. That kind of
driving frightens passengers dreadfully.
When the train, after rattling along, sud-
denly slacks speed when it isn’t near a sta-
tion—it may be in the middle of a tun-
nel—the passengers think there is danger.
But generally it’s because the driver had
exhausted his steam.’

  “ Barney Butz, in his day—some sixty or
more years ago—was the oldest locomo-
tive engineer in the United States. He
ran an engine on the Reading. In 1847
he was running an engine from Parryville
to Weatherly, the 1 planes ’ being then in
40

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

operation. The cars were drawn up to the
planes by a stationary engine.

  “ They tell a good story of Barney’s readi-
ness in case of an emergency. One day his
engine would not steam well, and he was
likely to be overtaken by a passenger-train
before he could reach the switch. Seeing a
good-sized porker beside the track,he jumped
from the engine — the train was moving
slowly—seized the pig, cut its throat, and
stuffed it into the furnace. The fat of the
pig was better than kindling wood, and in
a very short time Barney and train were
out of danger.”

       CHAPTER IV.
       Hank’s Last Drink.

A NOTHER old-time member of the
club—an old eagle-eye—lit his pipe
and reeled off this one:

  “ I was running on a Western road from,
let us say, Beeville to Goldsburg. My
mother lived at Beeville. At Goldsburg I
had the sweetest little wife in the world,
and a baby the very image of its dad. I
had always had a dollar or two put by for a
rainy day, and the boys spoke of me as an
odd kind of a man.

  “To be shut up with an engine, watching
with all your eyes and heart and soul, don't
make a conscientious man talkative, and I
never squandered my leisure spinning yarns
and listening to railway jokes in the round-
house. My wife’s name was Josephine, and
I called her 1 Joe.’

  “ I never belonged to any of the railway
clubs, and never should if it hadn’t been
for Granby.

  “ Granby was a nephew of our division
superintendent, and it’s a failing with men
of the road that we like to be noticed by the
fellows at headquarters.

  “ Granby was a showy fellow, and often
rode with me. He had a good opinion of
me, and, so far as I know, we were good
friends. Once he said to me:

  “ ‘ You ought to belong to the Railway
Scientific Club, Hank.’

   “ ‘ Never heard of it,’ said I.

  “ ‘ We meet once a fortnight,' he replied,
‘ and have a jolly good time. We want
practical, thinking men of your sort, and
I'll propose you, if you like.’

  “ I was fond of such things, and I had
ideas that I fancied might be worth some-
thing. But the engineer don’t have many

nights or days to himself, and the club
would have one evening a fortnight from
Joe, I said.

   “ ‘ I will'ask her. If she likes it; yes.’

  “‘Ask who?’ he said.

   “‘Joe,’ I said.

   “ ‘ If every man had asked his wife, every
man’s wife would have said, “ Can’t spare
you, my dear,” and we should have no club,
at all,’ said Granby.

  “ But I made no answer. At home I told
Joe. She said:

  ‘“I shall miss you, Hank; but you do
love such things, and if Granby belongs to
it, they must be superior men.’

  “ I said yes, and Granby proposed me.
In a few weeks I went with him to the
rooms. The real business of the evening
was the supper.

  “ I had always been a temperate man. I
did not know what effect wine would have
on me. After so many glasses, I wanted to
talk; and after so many more, I did.

   “ I seemed like somebody else, the words
were so ready. My ideas came out and
were listened to. I made sharp hits and
indulged in repartee, told stories, and even
came to puns. I heard somebody say:
‘ Granby, by George, that’s a man worth
having. I thought him dull at first.’ Yet
I knew it was better to be quiet Hank, with
his ten words an hour, than the wine-made
wit I was.

  “ I was sure of it when, three months
after, I stumbled up-stairs, to find Joe wait-
ing for me with her baby on her breast.

  “‘You’ve been deceiving me,’ said Joe;
‘ I suspected it, but wasn’t sure. A scien-
tific club couldn’t smell like a barroom.-

  “‘Which means that I do,’ said I.

  “‘And look like one,’ said Joe as she
locked herself and baby up in the spare-
room.

  “ One night I was dressed in my Sunday
suit, ready to go to the club, when Joe stood
before me.

   “1 Hank,’ she said, ‘ I never had a fault
to find with you before. You’ve been kind
and good and loving always; but I should
be sorry we ever met if you go on in this
way. Don’t ask what I mean—you know.’

   “ ‘ It’s only club night,’ I said.

   “ ‘ It will grow,’ said she.

  “ Then she put her arms around my neck.

   “ ‘ Hank,’ she said, ‘ do you think a thing
so much like a bolted and strapped down
demon as steam is is fit to put into the
hands of a drunken man? And some day,
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

41

mark my words, not only club night, but all
the days of the week, will be the same. I
have often heard you wonder at the feelings
of an engineer who has about the same as
murdered a trainful of people, and you’ll
know if you don’t stop where you are. A
steady hand and a clear head have been
your blessing all these years. Don’t throw
them away, Hank. If you don’t care for
my love, don’t ruin yourself.’

  “My little Joe! She spoke from her
heart, and I bent over and kissed her.

  “ ‘ Don’t be afraid, child. I’ll never pain
you again.’

  “I meant it; but at twelve o’clock that
night I felt that I had forgotten my promise
and my resolution.

  “ I couldn’t get home to Joe. I made up
my mind to sleep on the club sofa, and leave
the place for good the next day. Already
I felt my brain reel as it had never done-
before.

  “ In an hour I was in a kind of stupor.
It was morning. A waiter stood ready to
brush my coat. I saw a grin on his face.
My heart seemed ready to burst; my hand
trembled. I looked at my watch. I had
only just five minutes to reach the depot!

  “Joe’s words came to my mind. Was I
fit to take charge of an engine? I was not
fit to answer. I ought to have asked some
sober man. As it was, I only caught my
hat and rushed away. I was just in time.

  “ My locomotive glistened in the sun.
The cars were filling rapidly. From my
seat I could hear the people bidding each
other good-by, and promising to write and
come again. Among them was an old gen-
tleman I knew by sight. He was one of the
shareholders. He was bidding two timid
girls good-by.

  “ ‘ Good-by, Kitty; good-by, Lue,’ I heard
him say; ‘don’t be nervous. This'is the
safest train on the line, and Hank is the
most careful engineer. I would not bei
afraid to trust any mortal to his keeping.
Nothing could happen wrong with Hank at
the throttle.’

  “I said: ‘We’ll get through it some-
how, and Joe shall never talk to me again.
After all, it was easy enough.’ I reeled as
I spoke. I got the signal. We were off.

  “ Five hours out and five hours back
again. I knew now that on the last run
I should be myself again. I saw a flutter,
and never guessed what it was until we had
passed the down train at the wrong place.
Two minutes more, and we should have

had a collision. Somebody told me, and I
laughed. I heard the shareholder say re-
spectfully:

  “ ‘ Of course, Hank, my boy, you know
what you are about

  “ Then I was- alone, and wondering
whether I should go faster or slower. I did
something, and the cars rushed on at a
fearful rate. The same man who had spo-
ken to me before was standing near me. I
heard the question:

  “ ‘ How many miles an hour are we ma-
king?’ I didn't know.

  “ I was trying to slacken the engine’s
speed. I could not remember what I should
do. Was it this or that—faster or slower?

I was playing with the engine like a child.

  “ Suddenly there was a horrible roar—a
crash! I was flung somewhere. I was in
the water. By a miracle, I was sobered,
not hurt. I gained the shore. I stood upon
the ground between the track and the river’s
edge—and gazed at my work.

  “ The engine was in fragments, and the 1
cars in splinters. The dead- and dying were
strewn around—men and women and chil-
dren, old age and youth. There were groans
and shrieks of despair. The maimed cried
out in pain; the uninjured bewailed their,
dead; and a voice, unheard by any other,
was in my ear, whispering ‘ Murder! ’

  “ The news had gone to Beeville, and
people came thronging down to find their
lost ones. Searching for an old man’s
daughter, I came to a place under the trees,
and found five bodies lying there, all in
their rigid horror—an old woman, a young
one, a baby, and two tiny children. Was it
fancy—was it pure fancy, born of my an-
guish? They looked like—they were—my
mother, my wife, and my children—dead!

  “ How did they get on the train ? What
chance had brought this about? I groaned
—I screamed—I clasped my hands—I tore
my hair. I gazed in the good old face of
her who gave me birth, on the dear features
of my wife, on my innocent children. I
called them by name. There was no an-
swer—there never could be!

  “ Then I heard a whistle! Up the track
thundered another train! Its red eyes
glared upon me! I threw myself before it!

I felt it crush me to atoms!

  “ ‘ His head is extremely hot,’ said some-
body.

  “ I opened my eyes and saw my wife.

  “ ‘ How do you feel ? ’ she asked.
42	THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ I was so rejoiced and astonished by the
sight of her that I could not speak at first.
She repeated the question.

  “‘I must be crushed to pieces,’ said I,

‘ for the train went over me; but I feel no
pain.’

  “‘There he goes about that train again,’
said my wife.

  “ Why, I tried to move. There was noth-
ing the matter with me. I was in my own
room. Opposite me was a crib in which
my child was asleep. My wife and child
were safe. Was I delirious, or what could
it be?

  “ ‘ Joe,’ I cried, ‘ tell me what has hap-
pened.’

  “ ‘ It’s nine o'clock,’ said Joe. ‘ You
came home in such a state from the club

(To be co

 that I couldn’t wake you. You weren’t
 fit to manage steam, and risk people’s lives,
 so I kept you home.’

  “Joe began to cry.

 “ It was only a dream—only an awful
 dream—but I had lived through it as though
 it were a reality.

  “‘Is there a Bible in the house, Joe?’
  I asked.

  “ ‘ Are we heathens? ’ asked Joe.

  “ 1 Give it to me this moment, Joe.’

  “ She brought it, and I put my hand- on
  it and took the oath. What had happened
  should never occur again.

  “Have I kept it?

 “Yes, and again, yes! And I resigned
 from the club. Home was the only place
 . for me when I wasn’t in the cab.”

 ntinucd.)

SAW THE “IRON HOSS.”

         BY SNODGRASS, JUNIOR.

WHEN we got to the depo, I went around to
get a look at the iron hoss. Thunderation!
it wasn’-t no more like a hoss than a meeting-house.
If I was going to describe <he animule, I’d say it
looked like—well, it looked like—darned if I know
what it looked like, unless it was a regular he devil,
snorting fire and brimstone out of his nostrils, and
puffing out black smoke all around, and pantin’
and he’vin' and swellin’, and chaurn’ up red-hot
coals like they was good. A fellow stood in a lit-
tle houselike, feedin' him all the time; but the
more he got the more he wanted, and the more he
blowed and snorted.

  After a spell, the feller catched him by the tail,
and, great Jerico! he set up a yell that split the
ground for more'n a mile and a half, and the next
minnit I felt my legs a waggin’, and found myself
at t' other end of the string o’ vehickles. I wasn’t
skeered, but I had three chills and a stroke' of
palsy in less than five minnits, and my f ice had a
curious brownish-yeller-green-bluish color in it,
which was perfectly unaccountable. Well,” says

I,	“ comment is perfectly super/JiioHX.”

  I took a seat in the wagin, or car, as they call
it—a consarned long steamboat lookin’ thing, with
a string of pews down each side, big enough to
hold about a man and a half. Just as I sat down,

the hoss hollered twice, and started off like a
streak, pitchen’ me head first at the stomach of a
big Irishwoman, and she gave a tremenjous grunt
and then ketched me by the head and crammed
me under the seat; and when I got out and stag-
gered to another seat, the cars was a jumpin' and
tearing along at nigh onto forty thousand miles
an hour, and everybody was bobbin’ up and down
like a mill saw, and every wretch of ’em had his
mouth wide open and looked like they was laffin,
but I couldn't hear nothin’, the cars kept up such
a rack it.

  Bimeby they stopped all at once, and then such
another laff busted out o’ them passengers as I
never hear’n before. Laffin’ at me, too, that’s
what made me mad, and I was mad as thunder,
too. I ris up, and, shakin’ my fist at ’em, says I,
“ Ladies and gentlemen, look a-here! I'm a peace-
able stranger ”—and away the dern train went
like smallpox was in town, jerking me down in the
seat with a whack like I’d been thrown from the
moon, and their cussed mouths flopped open and
the /oilers went to bobbin’ up and down again. I
put W"an air of magnimous contempt like, and
took no more notice of ’em, and, very naturally,
went to bobbin’ up and down myself.—From an
old Railroad Scrap Book.
Passes of the Past.

BY CHARLES FREDERICK CARTER.

  LIVES of Great Men all remind us, they could ride free every time.

J With such precedents before us, paying fare seems but a crime.

  Let us, then, be up and doing, bound to get our passes back;

  Show the railroads that in grafting, we have never lost the knack.

                                                  —Jingles of a Joy-Rider.

During the Five Years, Since the Hepburn Bill Became a Law, the Pass-
enger Revenues of American Railroads Have Increased
Fifteen Per Cent.

IVE years have elapsed since
the cruel and inhuman
Hepburn Law, taking a
strangle hold on the rail-
roads, compelled them to
forego their pleasing prac-
tise of handing out passes to all comers,
and, instead, to accept real money for the
privilege of hauling the citizens of this fair
land. In those five years more free-born
Americans have stayed at home than in any
other ten years since railroads were in-
vented.

  Staying at home aggravates, rather than
stifles, wanderlust, yet Time mercifully mel-
lows all sorrows. After five years, it is
possible to contemplate the passing of the
pass with outward composure, though not
without inward emotion. I-et us, then, take
from the bureau-drawer the little pass that
was cut off in its prime, rendered null and
void, and hark back to the blessed time that
lithographed formula recalls.

  What delightful memories mingle with
the odor of lavender flowers in which that
pass is embalmed! What visions of joy-
rides from coast to coast, and from lakes to
gulf, it conjures up! And it was all so
simple and inexpensive.

  To be seen at the ticket-window in the
good old days buying railroad transpor-

43

tation was equivalent to making public con-
fession that you controlled no vote but your
own, that you had no social aspirations,
no political ambitions, and no commercial
standing, for everybody who was anybody
traveled on passes, and they wanted every-
body else to know it.

The Sign of the Elect.

  To possess a pass was equal to a place in
the four hundred. The only distinction
between the common herd of the eminently
respectable and the elect was that the latter
carried a wallet full of annuals instead of
traveling on trip-passes. One rung higher
up the ladder, Pullman passes were added
to the annuals. Those who really knew
the ropes, also carried a dining-car frank,
and cracked a joke with the porter in lieu
of a tip.

  Iu_the good old days before 1906, a
certain railroad out of New York City ran
a Grafters’ Limited. It was a special train
to the State capital to accommodate pass-
holders. It is said that tickets were so rare
on that train that when the conductor
chanced to discover a passenger with that
form of transportation his hand trembled so
that he punched holes in his thumb instead
of the pasteboard. Then he would hurry
44

.THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

on to tell the flagman, the head brakeman,
and the baggageman that:

  “ That red-headed, speckle-faced cuss
in the third seat on the thumb-hand side in
the smoker is ridin’ on a ticket. Say, if
business keeps on pickin’ up this way the
company ought to be able to stand a raise
for us fellers.”

  Then the trainmen to whom these sensa-
tional disclosures were made would parade
bade and forth through the smoking-car to
gape sidelong at the speckle-faced phenome-
non, while “Peanuts” fell over his own
feet in his haste to reach that gentleman’s
side.

  Without a moment’s delay, “Peanuts”
proceeded to find a diamond ring right un-
der the ticket-holder’s feet, a half-interest
in which, he declared with unparalleled
fairness, belonged to the latter. In the
excess of his desire to play fair, “ Peanuts ”
wound up with an offer to renounce his own
claim to the find for the small sum of one
dollar. If the ticket-holder did not fall to
that, there was the short-change racket to
close a transaction in figs or literature; or,
as a last resort, there was the shell game.

   Oh, it was a great distinction to travel on
a ticket in the old days!

One Railroad’s List.

   Since it was furnished to the Interstate
Commerce Commission by the Boston and
Maine Railroad, in 1891, as a resume of
the various kinds of persons to which that
road ' was in the habit of furnishing free
transportation, the following may be taken
as an official deadhead classification:

1.	Sick, necessitous or indigent persons.

    2.	Gentlemen, long eminent in the public
   service.

    3.	The proprietors of large summer hotels
   and large boarding-houses.

    4.	Wives and other members of employees’
   families.

    5.	Agents of ice companies and milk con-
   tractors doing business on the line of the road.

    6.	The higher officers of Maine, New
  Hampshire, Vermont, and Massachusetts.

    7.	Railroad commissioners of Maine, New
   Hampshire, Vermont, and Massachusetts.

    8.	Members of the railroad committees
   of the legislatures,

    9.	Trustees under mortgages on the pro-
   perty of the corporation.

    10.	Complimentary passes to persons
  whose good will is important to the corpora-

' tion and who, so long as the general practise

  of the railroads remains what it now is, might
  justly take offense if they received from the •
  Boston and Maine different treatment from
  that received from other roads.

  With a free-list that ran the whole gamut
from those who could not pay to those who
did not want to pay, it was almost impos-
sible to escape railroad passes prior to 1906.

 Going the Limit.

  As a matter of fact, the President of the
United States, everybody connected with
the Federal government, Cabinet ministers,
heads of departments, Supreme Court jus-
tices, circuit judges, United States marshals,
clerks of the Supreme Court, Governors,
secretaries of state, auditors, treasurers, at-
torneys-general, State judges, members of
Congress, members of Legislatures, clerks,
sergeants-at-arms, doorkeepers, messengers,
capitol policemen, aldermen and municipal
officers of every degree, shippers and others
who could influence in any way a shipment
of a car-load of freight, or who thought
they could influence it, together with their
relatives and- friends and friends of their
friends, were all freely provided with passes.

  An_authoritative pen-picture of actual
conditions is to be found in a letter written
in 1894 by Second Vice-President J. T.
Brooks of the Pennsylvania Railroad to
Joseph H. Choate, when Mr. Choate was
presiding at a convention to revise the con-
stitution of New York. Said Mr. Brooks:

    There was a time when public officials were
  content to receive occasionally trip-passes for
  themselves. They have learned to ask for pas-
  ses for themselves, for members of their fami-
  lies and for political adherents and others.
  They not only ask for passes over the
  lines controlled by the officers to whom they
  apply, but they ask for passes over connecting
  lines to distant and remote points, good at all
  seasons of the year. They not only ask for
  trip-passes for themselves and their friends,
  but they ask for annuals for themselves and
  their friends; and no matter how many passes
  are granted to a single individual, if a single
  request is refused, the enmity of that official
  is aroused and his vengeance is exercised if
  he has an opportunity to do so. I have known
  a member of the Supreme Court of the United
  States to apply for free transportation, the
  money value of which in a single instance was
  between two hundred and three hundred
  dollars.

  Mr. Brooks might have added that they
always got them, too!
PASSES OF THE PAST.

45

  A committee of the Iowa Legislature, in
an exhaustive report on passes submitted in
1882, declared that the legislative pass was
regarded as a “heritage.” Any interference
in the enjoyment of this heritage was re-
garded as unwarranted presumption on
the part of the railroads and was resented
as such.

When Marked “ N. G.”

  The Chicago and Alton found this out
when, in 1901, it had the effrontery to send
members of the Illinois Legislature passes
stamped: “Not good in compartment -
cars," “Not good on the Alton Limited,”
“Not good locally between Chicago and
Joliet.”

  Naturally, these galling restrictions
roused indignation in the breasts of the
statesmen. They immediately started an
investigation of all wrecks on the Alton for
the preceding six months, but thought better
of it when passes commensurate with the
dignity of statesmen were substituted for the
offensive pasteboards.

  Every once in a while an upstart railroad
had to be taught its place. One such rail-
road in Ohio had the impudence, not to say
indiscretion, to refuse a pass to the chief of
police of one of the largest cities in the
State. Immediately thereafter, trains pass-
ing through that city were frequently
stopped and their crews were arrested for
violating the ordinances against whistling,
bell - ringing, exceeding the speed limit,
blocking crossings, and similar crimes.

  These stoppages caused so much delay
and confusion that the service was demor-
alized. Observing this, the chief of police
remarked that he “rather guessed there’d
be something doing in the way of passes
before long.” And he was right.

  One of the softest snaps Congress ever
struck came about through the indiscretion
of the Pennsylvania Railroad in encroach-
ing on a public park when it built its old
station in Washington. Every year an in-
quiry was started as to the right of the
railroad to occupy a part of the -govern-
ment’s land. This continued until the
Pennsylvania came down with a liberal
bunch of passes for all hands. Then an
adjournment was taken until more trans-
portation was needed.

  Of course, the statesmen could not ride
on all the passes thus obtained, nor could
they even distribute them profitably among
their constituents; so they sold a number of

them to scalpers. This income, added to
their mileage allowance (and they always
traveled on passes), helped out considerably.

  Political bosses in Baltimore, Harris-
burg, Philadelphia, Trenton, Newark, and
New York fully appreciated the conveni-
ence of a pass as a ready means of raising
cash in time of need. They, too, obtained
passes in bunches, which they sold for spot
cash to the scalpers.

  Those who did not have even the puny
pull required to land a pass on their own
account, had only to apply to an alderman
or member of the Legislature to get all they
wanted, for, curiously enough, the alder-
manic pull seemed to outreach most others.
Business men and even railroad employees
learned to go to the alderman for free trans-
portation they could not obtain for them-
selves. In at least one notable instance,
the aldermanic pull was so overworked that
the railroads had to combine in self-defense
to limit the number of passes issued to any
one alderman in a given period.

Some Who Wouldn’t Ride Free.

  On the other hand, there were a few
eccentric individuals who did not appre-
ciate the privilege of being able to bestow
free rides in other people’s cars. A Chicago
alderman resigned in disgust, in 1902, be-
cause he was pestered to death by con-
stituents in quest of railroad passes. He
said there were never fewer than fifteen
daily applicants for passes at his office,
while the number not infrequently rose to
forty.

  But there were actually politicians who
would not accept a pass.

  The most remarkable case was that of
Ansel Bascom, a member of the New York
Legislature in 1846, who would not even
accept a pass for himself from the Albany
and Rochester Railroad, but returned it
with a letter to the president of the road,
saying that he went to Albany to represent
the people, and not the Albany and Roches-
ter Railroad; that it was part of his duty
to watch the railroads to see that they did
no wrong, and, in consequence, it would be
a fraud on the State to take the pass.

  Bascom’s Spartan self-denial made him a
public character for a brief season, but he
soon dropped into oblivion. Think of
what he might have become had he but
helped himself to the good things in his
way!
46

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

    Still, you never can tell! In the neigh-
 boring Stale of Massachusetts there was a

*	legislator who was not so self-sacrificing as
  Bascom, yet when he went before the people
  for reelection he was defeated. As he said
  afterward, he could not understand how it
  happened, “ because he always got passes
  for all his constituents who asked for them.”

Etiquette of the Pass.

    The etiquette of the pass was rigid. It
 varied according to the class of deadhead
 involved, and wo to those who violated its
 traditions. In the first place, there was the
 great army of deadheads who traveled with-
 out any form of paper transportation at all.
 This army was made up of railroad
 employees in the days when it was consid-
 ered bad form to work more than one con-
 secutive week on one division at one lime,
 and the job-hunters always made long
 jumps. With them the accepted formula
 was to take up a position near the stove at
 one end of the car. When the conductor
 came along, he was addressed as follows:

   “ Ever show any favors to railroad
 men ? ”

    In reply to this, the conductor stared
 stonily at vacancy and hurried on the first
 pass-holder, whose transportation he lifted
 with an air of austere abstraction—that is,
 if the would-be deadhead by the stove was
 the real thing. In the good old days you
 could tell a railroad man by the cut of his
 jib as far as you could see him. The con-
 ductor didn’t have to look at the applicant
 for the courtesies of the road. If he wasn’t
 a genuine railroad man, something un-
 pleasant occurred in the vicinity of the
 stove. But let us draw the veil.

How Requests Were Worded.

    For a Federal judge to ask in the first
 person singular for a railroad pass would
 not only have violated the etiquette in such
 cases made and provided, but it would have
 stained the ermine to an extent that would
 have kept the dry-cleaners working over-
 time. No, indeed! The private secretary
 or a clerk wrote a courtly epistle in the
 third person in the judge’s behalf, thus:

      His Honor, Judge Graft, will spend a por- •
    tion of his vacation in California. He has
    already been kindly supplied with an annual
    for himself; but, if the rules of the company
    permit, he would be glad to have the courtesy

  extended to his family of eight persons who
  will accompany him.

  For a Governor, this form was all to the
sand-dome:

    His Excellency, Governor Dedhed, wishes
  to take a trip to the seashore with his wife,
  four daughters, three sons, a niece, two sisters-
  in-law, five maids, a valet, nurse, governess
  and coachman. He has been tendered a pri-
  vate car on the N. G. Line, but would prefer
  a special train over your route. Kindly send
  me transportation for the governor and twenty
  from Sockettoum to New York and return.

  The way not to do it was beautifully
exemplified by the prosecuting attorney in
a Western State, who wrote a long, threat-
ening letter to the president of a railroad
company reminding him that he had favored
the judges in his territory with annuals,
whereas “ I have daily to grant the favors
of the law of a great State for your rail-
road. Your men are all liable to prosecu-
tion for running trains on Sunday, also for
letting trains stop across public streets and
in other ways.”

   Impossible to Reckon Pass Values.

  How could such a man be given a pass?
Or, how could the lieutenant-governor of
another State get what he wanted when he
had the bad taste to write:

    In appointing my committees, I have fa-
  vored the railroads, believing that the in-
  terests of the state demanded it.

  What possessed the chainnan of a cam-
paign committee, in asking for passes for
twenty-one men to canvass the State, and
hold out the hope that, in event of success,
“ we may be able to do you some substan-
tial favors”?

  No one ever knew, nor will any one ever
know, the money value of free transpor-
tation given away by the railroads. No
railroad report ever referred to the subject,
possibly no railroad management has ever
kept any statistics, for a contemplation
thereof surely would have given the board
of directors several kinds of shock.

  Search all the reports of all the State
railroad commissions from cover to cover,
and you will not find so much as the words
“ passes ” or “ free transportation,” to say
nothing of any information about the quan-
tity issued. The Interstate Commerce
Commission’s voluminous literature is silent
on the subject.
PASSES OF THE PAST.

47

  The nearest approach to definite infor-
mation from any authoritative source is to
be found in such fragmentary assertions
as the distribution of free transportation by
the Pennsylvania Railroad to the value of
a million dollars a year in the Keystone
State alone; that a certain railroad in Penn-
sylvania distributed 2,500 passes for a single
State convention; that a Western railroad
president boasted that he had been able to
effect a saving of a thousand dollars a day
merely by regulating the issue of passes.
Not stopping, just regulating!

  It is related that a Philadelphia banker,
who has been a member of the board of
directors of the Pennsylvania Railroad for
many years, assured a group of friends that
the cost of deadhead traffic to the company
from 1850 to 1906 almost equaled the ag-
gregate cost of the tunnels under the Hudson
River and the new terminal in New York
City; and that the deadhead passenger,
freight, and express service to Federal office-
holders and their families had been not
less than $25,000,000.

  In the absence of any definite statistics,
the next best thing is an estimate by an
expert. To secure this, I asked the presi-
dent of an Eastern line, one of the pioneers
in the anti-pass movement, what the dead-
heads used to cost the railroads of the
nation.

  He said that if all free transportation
had been paid for, passenger revenues
would have been increased fifteen per cent.

  In the ten years before the Hepburn Law
went into effect, the passenger revenues of
all the railroads aggregated $3,538,556,921.
Fifteen per cent of this would amount to
$530,763,538, or an average of $53,076,353
a year. This would have paid five per cent
interest on an investment of $1,061,527,060;
and, no doubt, it would have been welcome,
for as late as 1909 one-third of the rail-
roads in the United States paid no divi-
dends. To put it another way, the cost of
deadhead transportation would have built

and equipped 13.269 miles of railroad at an
average cost of $40,000 a mile, which is a
liberal rate.

Every One in Five a Deadhead.

  This estimate would seem to be very con-
servative, from the fact that, in 1905, when
the deadhead was in full possession of all
his perquisites, passenger revenues on all
railroads aggregated $486,420,902, while
two years later, in 1907, after the rigors of
the Hepburn Law had set in, they were
$574,718,578. This extraordinary jump of
$88,297,676, or eighteen per cent, in yearly
earnings in so short a* period would seem to
indicate something more than natural in-
crease in traffic.

  This natural increase would be more than
offset by the elimination of the mere joy-
riders. When they had to pay for ever)'
mile they traveled, people only wandered
from their firesides when driven by grim
necessity, whereas traveling on passes used
to be cheaper than staying at home.

  It is doubtless well within bounds to say
that, formerly, one passenger in every five
was a deadhead. That is, in 1902, when
the average number of passengers on a train
was forty-two, at least eight were dead-
heads.

  Passenger earnings, in 1909, aggregated
$578,243,601. Fifteen per cent of this
sum—the amount the deadheads would have
been entitled to under the old regime—
would be $86,736,540. Now, $86,000,000
is worth saving, a fact which is generally
recognized by the statesmen at Washington.
At the last session of Congress, no fewer
than eight bills were introduced to compel
railroads to carry free, as of old, various
classes of deadheads, ranging from war
veterans and milkmen to insurance agents.

  That makes a good start. Even with no
increase in the rate of legislation, eight
bills a session will soon get us all back
within the free-transportation fold again.

TELEPHONES ON THE N. Y. G. AND ST. L.

THE telephone has been substituted for the
telegraph in transmitting all train orders
over the Cleveland division of the Nickel Plate
from Bellevue to Conneaut, 132 miles, the busiest
division between Buffalo and Chicago.

With the exception of the twenty-five miles be-
tween Cleveland and South Lorain, and a short

distance in New York State, this telephone train-
despatching is done over a single track. To suc-
cessfully operate the large number of trains which
this road handles, with the many sidings where the
meeting point must be made, is not an easy
undertaking. — Railway and Locomotive Engi-
neering.
IN THE SOCIAL WHIRL

BY EMMET F. HARTE.

           Honk and Horace Invade the Inner
           Circle of Valhalla’s Most Exclusive Set.

couldn’t get anything
to suit us in Valhalla,
so we sent East for our
dress suits. They were
an .interminable time
coming but — excuse
me. Perhaps I’d better elucidate a little.

  Certain ladies of Valhalla hobnobbed
and instituted a Social Circle ere order had
been restored from the chaos of getting the
town started. Who was who and what was
what had been determined to a gnat’s eye-
brow, long before the first city collector
had succeeded in raking enough tax money
to pay a single municipal salary.

  There were teas, socials, soirees, musi-
cales, card parties, linen showers, and re-
ceptions in honor of Miss Goldie McScad,
from Chicago, etc., almost before we got the
police force properly clothed in new uni-
forms and their beats established.

  But Honk and I had naught to do with
the social movement in those early days.
The bright roster of the elect was as guilt-
less of our names as Erin is free from
snakes. When they made up the Blue Book,
we must have been away on our vacation.
No mention was made of either of us, liv-
ing or dead.

  Honk has often remarked, in the snug
comfort and peace and quiet of the Medi-
cine House, how foolish it seemed to him
for men to engage in such futile pastimes
as tea and bridge and the vapid and innocu-
ous wishy-wash of drawing-rooms, when no
law of religion or state demanded it.
Honk was always somewhat opinionated on
the subject.

  “ The idea! ” he was wont to say. “ The
idea, my dear Horace, is in itself ridiculous
to a well-balanced mind. The truly great
men of all ages, from the time when the

  shaggy cave-dweller laid in wait with a
boulder as big as a barrel for the mega-
losaurus which was to furnish him his win-
ter meat, down to this busy day when we’ve
harnessed and subjugated fire, water and
air, the sensible ones, Horace, have never
frittered away any time at tea-sipping,
tiddledy-winks or tittle-tattle. There’s noth-
ing to it.”	I

  “Yet it has a devoted clientele.” I would
remark, for the sake of argument. “So-
ciety, with its ramifications and diversions,
furnishes pleasant occupation for thousands
of people who are more or less unhampered
by brains.”

  However, this kind of talk was all prior to
the Public Library' agitation. When the
time came that the doors of Society swung
open just the tiniest mite, we were wedging
our way in just the same as the Newriches
and all the rest of the Would-be’s.

  To return to the Public Library. It has
become the rage, as the fashion-hints column
says, among towns throughout this Western
country, as soon as they’ve spread out
enough to sport a couple of side streets, to
select a site, vote a fund, and then write
to a man—this man resents publicity or
I’d tell you his name—for ten or twenty-
five thousand dollars, with which to build
a square-shaped building with a dome on
it, in which to store a lot of “six-best-
sellers.”

  I do not decry this. It helps out those
who sell books, those who write ’em, and
those who can’t afford to buy ’em. Not to
mention the bricklayers and carpenters who
build the building. Therefore, I’m for it,
strictly.

  So Valhalla decided to perpetrate a Pub-
lic Li bran’. The society women of the city
promulgated the thing. A mass meeting
IN THE SOCIAL WHIRL.

49

  was held pretty soon, just to let everybody
in who happened to have a dollar or two to
spare, whether they had any social status
or not, and enthusiasm kindled like a kitch-
en in whhjh gasoline is used for motive
power.

  Every opportunity having its opportunist,
Honk arose en masse, at this mass meeting
and made a silver-tongued speech that
would have won him the nomination by ac-
clamation if there had been one to win.
I recall th<jt he said, in part:

  “ Gazing, in golden retrospect, *-I see
again a slope of flower-flecked meadow and
hear the rustling of corn-fairies’ wings.; I
seem to sit, once more, a barefoot boy, be-
neath the old beech tree—or was it a chest-
nut—with my well-thumbed book, where
the sun traced wonderful designs in light
and shadow on the warm earth while I fol-
lowed breathlessly the fortunes of Tom
Brown at Rugby or thrilled at the quaint
philosophy of Robinson Cr-rusoe the lonely,
dreaming on his desert isle.

, “Once again, I walk with /Esop, prowl
with A1 Raschid, scout with Deerslayer or
hide in Nottingham Wood, with Robin’s
merry men. Ah, yes, my friends—” and so
on. It was great!

  You could have heard a pin drop. No,

I don’t mean a coupling pin, either. After
he had let us down gradually, out of the up-
per strata where the gods gamboled and
pelted one another with clouds on the pin-
nacle of Olympus, we held an ovation and
had handshakes served in all the different
styles.

  Mrs. Dupont-Skaggs, Miss Dupont-
Skaggs and Miss Stella Dupont-Skaggs,
Mrs. Farleighbridge, Mrs. Allyn, the Miss-
es Arbuthnot and others goo-goo-ed over
Honk fit to make you mutter in your sleep.

  “My deah Mistah Simpson,” gurgled
Mrs. Farleighbridge, with a high-reach
handshake that looked like “London Bridge
is falling down, falling down, fall—” beg
pardon! “Oh, my deah Mistah Simpson!
Why haven’t we met befoah? Youah ad-
dress was just lovely! Just too sweet!”

  Honk bowed and smirked. Then he’d
straighten up to reach for somebody else’s
jeweled hand that was being dangled above
his head. I heard one beautiful, star-eyed
dame call him “Mr. Simpkins” and he
stood for it. It was all some stir.

  After this flutter, there was a chorus
of motions, amendments, points of order and
appeals from the decision of the chair.
Everybody talked at once, but, by paying
the closest attention, I gathered that a half

    "others goo-goo-ed over honk fit to make you mutter in you Asleep."
4 R R
50

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

"honk was holding his iiat on with one hand and chatting gaily

WITH THE OTHER."

dozen committees had been appointed, a
permanent organization effected and that
everybody who “ amounted to a dang,” as
some rural poet has said, had been elected
to an office of some kind, if only secretary
to the sergeant-at-arms or third assistant
vice-president pro tem.

  Honk was high, ten, and thirty in the
tournament. He was in great form through-
out. It was Mr. Simpson this and Mr.
Simpson that. “ Our most progressive and
public-spirited citizen, Mr. Simpson,” was
named on such-and-such a committee. Mrs.
Fairleigh bridge and Miss Dupont-Skaggs
were also on the same committee.

  The meeting was adjourned, finally, away
after my regular bedtime, in a clatter of
applause, clucks, cackles and coos.

  An hour later, I saf in the Medicine
House, comfortable and calm, enshrouded
in incense that boiled and swirled from my
old pipe, the veteran of many campaigns,
while I listened to Honk’s rhapsodies.

  “ I’m glad we attended the meeting,” he
said. “ It is encouraging to know that the
really nice people of the city are back of
this library movement. Any sort of an
undertaking stands or falls on the merits
of its backing. I should not care to be

identified with any enterprise that was being
projected and forwarded by the common
herd. They’re so irresponsible.

“ But this library proposition is different.
I s’pose you noticed that Valhalla’s most
exclusive set, the inner circle, in fact, the
flower of her aristocracy were present and

  active in our meet-
ing to-night—”
“Sure thing,” I
said. “ I noticed
’em. All the ultra
tut-tuts. The What-
whos, from t h e
brownstone fronts.
Did you notice that
Mrs. Dupont-
Skaggs ’ s dia-
monds. She had on
the price of a li-
brary or two her-
self, if I’m any
judge of gems.”
“Yes; old Du-
pont -Skaggs is
worth four or five
millions, I guess,”
Honk returned air-
ily. “ But mere
money isn’t all. There must be blood be-
hind it. Blood will tell, Horace; that’s one
of the inexorable laws of-the universe.

  “Now, you could see,” he continued, in
a confidential tone, “that I was perfectly
at home among those people. Why? What
gives me my poise of manner? The fact
that I come of one of the old-time Mary-
land families. My great grandfather was
with Washington at Valley Forge. No
amount of association with the hoi polloi
will deprive me of that innate air, that pe-
culiar well-bred distinction I possess. It’s
because of the blood—”

  “No question about it,” I agreed. “ He-
redity is a well-known fact. Take me, for
illustration. I have always had an un-
reasoning blind yearning for cherry pie.
And my grandpa on my mother’s side was
the champion cherry pie-eater of Jasper
County, Missouri, for over forty years.
He—”

  “ Rats,” said Honk. “ Try to think about
something else besides eating once in a while,
will you ? You’re getting to look more like
a bowl of soup every day. But. as I re-
marked awhile ago, there’s no use denying
that I'd shine in social circles, if I only
took a notion to bother with it. And, after
IN THE SOCIAL WHIRL.

51

all, it pays to mingle'with die best people.

A social position is actually a tangible asset.

It is negotiable, just the same as salesman-
ship, or histrionic talent, or—or—political
influence.”

   “ Count me in on anything that’s negoti-
able,” I said. “ Only, I draw the line at
more than two all-night sessions a week.
I’ve got to have my regular nine hours’
sleep.”

  “Don’t get excited,” he soothed. “I'll
fix it so you needn’t be annoyed at all, if
you say so. There’s no occasion for you
to plunge into the social whirl, anyhow.
You’re as happy now as you’ll ever be.”

  “Don't you thiiik it!” I declared, with
unction. “ I intend to butt into society
just as much as you do, Lord Bayreuth.
And just let me catch you trying to queer
me. Just let me! ”

  I shook a menacing forefinger at him.

He snorted and went to bed.

  There was all kinds of work cut out for
Honk pretty soon. The swell dames
trotted the long legs off him running er-
rands for them. To a man up a tree, he
had all the appearance of a man that was
being flimflammed out of a lot of free
service. He was corresponding secretary,
ward boss, go-between,
and I don’t know what
all. But it got to be a
common sight to see him
buttonholed on the cor-
ner of Paradise Avenue
and Eden Boulevard by
three or four pink-
gowned periwinkles in
a dark-blue auto, while
they sprayed him with a
few smiles and soft
soap, an<} at the same
time deftly unloaded a
dray-load of chores on
him.

  Nobody, it seemed,
could accomplish so
much or had such a
quick grasp of details
as Mr. Simpson — or
Simpkins.

  He broke right in,
socially, though. On
one occasion he spent
an entire forenoon, in- „oh yq(j BRICKTOp,
formally, at the pala-	You candy kid!"

tial yellow - pressed -

brick habitat of the Dupont-Skaggses on
Chalcedony Drive, going over a set of blue-
prints with Mrs. Van Smythe and the
Misses Arbuthnot.

  Then another time he was seen in Mrs.
Fairleighbridge’s motor-car whirling along
Paradise Road at forty an hour or so—the
Fairleighbridges were millionaires, you
know—and Honk was holding his hat on
with one hand and chatting gaily with the
other. That is, he was emphasizing a point
with an eloquent gesture, you know.

  As a result of all this activity and in-
dustry, the business was all fixed up in
short order like a charm. The popular sub-
scription was subscribed and collected, the
endowment or donation, or whatever Mr.
C.—I almost told his name—calls it, had
been paid over in actual cash, the site se-
lected, the architect’s plans approved, and
the actual work of building was under way.
The C.—I mean Valhalla Public Library—
was not altogether vapor. It was a sure-

OH,
52

THE RAILROAD MAX’S MAGAZINE

enough thing of steel and stone. I could
have said brick and wood to better advan-
tage, maybe, but steel and stone has a more
chic ring to k.

  During this time, Honk had rubbed el-
bows and hobnobbed with the ultra-select
sufficiently to brush off considerable polish
with his coat-sleeve. He had the altitudi-
nous hand-shake as pat as five diamonds
before the draw, and lie was a small-talker
from Foolishville. Oh, la, la!

  I came in for a sort of subsidiary part
in the plot—like the actor that hollers his
lines from the wings. They noticed me
whenever they couldn’t get past me without
it, and I was recognized, perfunctorily, by
a nod and chirp, or grunt, as the case hap-
pened to be, every now and then. I was
Honk—Mr. Simpkins’s friend, ahem!

  We were both elated and nervous, there-
fore, when the card came that stated briefly
that the presence of Mr. Simpson and friend
was desired at Mrs. Dupont-Skaggs’s blow-
out on Thursday evening at eight. Danc-
ing and refreshments.

  “Can’t we send a present and not go?”
I asked timidly.

  “Numskull!” cried Honk. “No! My
word! Send a present! What would you
send? A wreath of flowers or a silver but-
ter-knife, I reckon! No. my son, we will
go in person. And we will be the observed
of all observers.”

  “Well, all right,” I said. “ I've got sixty
dollars saved up. I was going to buy me
a new pump-gun with it, but I’ll have to
sink it in a new suit, I guess. There’s a
swell pearl-gray, two-button sack in Gold-
baum’s window. It's marked down from
eighty-five dollars to fifty-five dollars."

  “No, no!” sighed Honk, sorrowfully.
“You must have a dress suit. You under-
stand what a dress suit is, don't you? Plain
black, you know, with—er—tails to the
coat. A dress suit is imperative, you know.
But maybe you wouldn’t care to go, after
you think it over? Do you think you would
—er—old chap?”

  “You bet I’ll care to go, bah Jove!” I
said. “ I intend to go if I have to soak
my watch. I’m not going to lose out on this.
Not on vour Tuxedo! Huh! I should sav
not!”

  That Honk was not jubilant over my de-
cision was plain to the naked eye. He liked
my cooking, but I didn't look good to him
at the piano. Society had gone to Honk's
head.

  “What do they talk about in society, gen-
erally?” I asked. “Or do they?”

  “The usual topics are of an intellectual
nature,” he said. “Science, art, literature;
and then there’s travel, and events that hap-
pen in the world at large. The field is
broad.”

  “ Good,” I said. “ They can’t shunt me
into a siding on any of them topics, I’ll bet
you.”

  Thursday evening dawned—rolled around,
I mean, not dawned. It was beautifully
calm and weather-perfect. Honk and I, in
brand-new dress suits, preened ourselves be-
fore our diminutive mirror _jmd stood
around to keep from spoiling the creases in
our trousers. Honk had insisted on having
a carriage to take us out, although I took
the stand that walking was still plentiful.
He only gave in after'ascertaining that 110
carriage was to be had. We walked.

  We allowed ourselves plenty of time. It
was a matter of ten or a dozen blocks that
we had to stroll. I mentioned taking a
cane; but Honk wasn’t absolutely sure about
canes, so, to be on the safe side, he tabooed
it. He was certain about cigarettes, though,
so we smoked as we strolled.

  They were having a newsboys' annual
fete and moving-picture picnic in the park
as we passed. Each newsboy was empow-
ered to bring along what near relatives he
happened to have—fathers, mothers, sisters,
brothers, and little indigent cousins, if any
—so they had a whacking old crowd.

  “ I see the whoop-la, as you call ’em,
are out in force to-night,” I remarked.

  “ The hoi polloi,” he corrected. “ Yes.
And it’s no more than right that thev should

      o	v

be allowed these simple pleasures. Their
idea of a good time never extends beyond
a full feed, anyhow.”

  “Tread lightly,” I warned him. “You're
on sacred ground.”

  This was true, inasmuch as we had
neglected our regular meals in the excite-
ment of dressing and discussion for the
Dupont-Skaggs function. Honk said, when
I mentioned this fact to him at sundown,
that we would eat when we got there, but
that didn’t satisfy my hunger only for the
time being.

  The long tables in the park, groaning
with substantial things for the delectation
of the inner man, held forth a powerful ap-
peal to me, and I passed them by with the
greatest reluctance. The mix-odors of such
humble dietetic standbys as fried chicken,
IN THE SOCIAL WHIRL.

53

baked beans, cucumber pickles, canteloupes,
7t cetera, seemed to penetrate even Honk’s
armor, for I noticed him sniffing and I am
certain he moistened his lips as we passed
that picnic by.

  The Dupont-Skaggs mansion was aglow
with light. A uniformed and be-buttoned
person met us at the door. We were whisked

  “Oh, you Bricktop!” I said. “Oh, you
candy kid!”—and, just then, somebody
plucked at my sleeve. It was Honk, drag-
ging me onward somewhat arbitrarily. I
stood for that sort of thing for about fifty
feet.

  “Well, what was it you wanted to show
me?” I asked. “I’m not going to prance

into a side-chamber, relieved of those ad-
juncts of apparel not considered necessary
indoors, and railroaded right through into
the main waiting-room.

  I,	for one, became wobbly at once. Being
the cynosure of all eyes always did upset
me. I don’t know how Honk felt, but I
looked around on what seemed to me was a
wall of eyes set in glowering faces. We
were hemmed in. I gulped and the room
reeled. Then I caught sight of a familiar
face and was saved.

  It was Bricktop Winslow, standing near
the arcade connecting the vestibule with the
main saloon, or whatever they called it. I
lit on the man with outstretched hand. He
didn’t loosen up much. I thought his grin
was kind of anemic, and I know him as
well as I know my own name, too. He
played left field in' Sister's ball-team. It
gave me a good husky bracing-up to see
him there, for I certainly hoped I could
get away with anything he could.

around with you all night, am I? I'm go-
ing to hunt a place to sit down, creases or
no creases.”

  “ You made a bad break shaking hands
with Bricktop,” Honk whispered. “ Of
course you and I know him quite well and
all that, but he don’t expect us, as guests
here, to shake hands-and visit with him like
you did. He’s the butler, Horace. It isn’t
considered good form to hug and kiss the
butler at an affair like this, just because
you happen to know him.”

  “ Heavens, Pauline! ” I said, struck dumb
with horror.

  Then we went on over to report to Mrs.
Dupont-Skaggs, who was checking in
everybody as they arrived. Right off the
bat, I don’t believe she knew us. At least
she put up her magnifying-glass-on-a-stick
and puzzled quite a bit before she could
place us.

  After she had, I thought she acted sore
at me about something; didn’t offer me the

WELL, WHAT'S THE LATEST NEWS
FROM THE FRONT ? "
54

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

highball of greeting or anything, no more
than a rabbit.

  She ditched us as soon as possible; me,
at the first grade-crossing, where I was un-
loaded alongside a lantern-jawed old maid
whose moniker I failed to catch, and Honk
around the next curve onto somebody else.
_ I settled myse’: for a long heart-to-heart.
I felt sure that this Miss Old-Girl I’d
drawed would turn out an intellectual won-
der for she was anything but pretty. But
she disappointed me.

  “Well, what’s the latest news from the
front?” I began, in a bright, sprightly
manner.

  “Which?” she inquired blankly.

   “ Science, literature, art,” I said. “ Come
on with ’em. I’m a regular shark with
the whole works. If you don’t believe it.
knock me a few flies and see if I muff ’em."

  “Why, the man’s been drinking,” she
murmured to herself, but loud enough to be
heard in the adjoining room. “ Excuse me,
please,” she said. “ I wish to speak to mom-
ma a moment. Wait here.”

  I waited fifteen or twenty minutes. She
didn’t return, so I strolled off, thinking to
amuse myself with a little harmless sight-
seeing until the supper bell rang. Bricktop
had disappeared. I came upon Honk pres-
ently. He may have been enjoying himself
but he didn’t look it.

   He had fallen into the clutches of a wid-
owish-looking woman with a gold tooth, and
she had him herded in a corner, with a rose
already pinned to his coat. He almost tore
a .shoe off getting away from her when he
saw me. He left the lady pouting.

  “Horace!” he muttered, wildly. “Pre-
tend you have some kind of an important
communication for me, or something. I be-
lieve that woman over there has matri-
monial designs, the way she acts.’”

  Always willing to succor a sucker in
trouble, I led him away, with an arm over
his shoulder, mysteriously, while I repeated
that stirring, martial poem, “ The Charge
of the Light Brigade,” in his ear. At a
safe distance I changed the subject.

  “When are we going to eat?” I demand-
ed. “ I’m getting weak and faint. I’ll be
hungry enough to eat the tongues out of
my shoes in a minute.”

  “Be patient,” he said. “Can’t you see
that I’m starving, too? But there’ll be a
collation served, now, pretty soon, I’m al-
most certain. I’d give a dollar for a small
chew, right now, myself.”

  After that, I wandered around like a
chicken with its head off, for the best part
of an hour. I didn't know anybody and
didn't want to. Nobody seemed to be ma-
king any preparations to eat. To tell the
truth, the prospects for sustenance looked
remote, the band having just started to
grind out a waltz, and a dozen couples
were floating about in the dreamy mazes.
You can’t dance and eat at the same time;-
neither can man live by dancing alone.

  I whiled away another hour, commun-
ing with myself, and then I noticed a vi-
vacious group composed of Mrs. Dupont-
Skaggs, the Misses Arbuthnot and four or
five masculine members of the Amalgama-
ted Association for the Promotion of Small-
Talk, and. as they seemed to be having the
original rip-snort of a time, I sidled up, in-
consequentially, to listen.

  It was my chance, I thought, to surfeit
myself on an intellectual treat.

  The gist of their confab was—what do
you think? What color suit a chauffeur
should wear, to best harmonize with a clay-
colored car trimmed in seal-brown! And
wasn’t Mr. Sigismund DeQuincy altogeth-
er too attentive to Mrs. Parkinson-Crowley!
Wasn’t that a line of thought to wrinkle
your dome? Oy, oy, oy!

  At that moment, my brain convulsed like
one of these penny-in-the-slot machines and
an idea dropped out. I would make a sneak
out of there, slip down to the Owlet Res-
taurant, throw in a couple of sandwiches
and half a cream pie and, thus fortified,
would return to stick it out. I'm no quitter.

  Before doing this, however, I took a cur-
sory look for Honk, poor slave of convention
that he was. I thought I’d drop him a cas-
ual hint. I thought perhaps he might sug-
gest some tidbit, like a boiled egg or a few
tamales, that I might smuggle in to him
when I came back. But he’d dropped out
of sight for a moment. I couldn’t find him
anywhere.

  I located my hat with the assistance of a
polite attendant, made 'a soft-shoe sidle
for a side door, and ducked. Three blocks
down the street an odor assailed my nos-
trils. I sniffed and a rush of saliva flood-
ed my mouth; some of it even drooled from
the corners. It was the unmistakable fra-
grance of fried chicken.

  I followed my nose and described an
air-line to the proletarian picnic in the
park. A dozen hoi polloi recognized me with
welcoming shouts and made room for me
IN THE SOCIAL WHIRL.

55

at their table. Once there, I needed no one
to tell me what to do. A long, long time
afterward I looked up. The cheerful patter
of talk and the clink-clink of cutlery and
glasses and the steady champ of busy
teeth had given way to a hush of expec-
tation.'

A tall figure, in evening dress, arose at
the end of an adjacent table, with the drum-

stick of a chicken in one hand and a bottle
of ginger ale in the other.

  “ My friends,” he said impressively.
“ Gazing in golden retrospect, I see again
a slope of flower-flecked meadow and h,ear
the rustling of corn-fairies’ wings—”

  His back was to me but I could hear him
distinctly. At the sound of his voice, I
started, guiltily, almost dropping the baked
apple I was eating.

  The clock was just striking twelve when
I wound up, at the Medicine House, all in,
but happy. Honk blew in a few minutes
later. He was humming a rag-time tune and
he had bread crumbs on his frontispiece.

AT THE SOUND OF HIS VOICE, I STARTED
GUILTILY.

“Well,” he said briskly. “This is a
great world, isn’t it? Have a good time
to-night, Horace ? ”

“Well, things began to liven up about
ten-thirty,” I said. “As soon as I got my
feet under the table, I was all right. Be-
fore that, it was a bit dull, if anything,
didn’t you think?”

  “ I don’t know how I happened to miss
you,” he said. “ I looked for you, all over.
You must have been hiding out in a palm-
nook somewhere, when I left, or else you'd
gone.”

  “How’d you like that fried chicken?” I
asked. “And those baked beans? Yum,
yum! ”

  “ Eh ? ” he croaked.

  “ Yep,” I continued. “ I was over at the
next table when you made your speech.”

  “ The dickens you was! ” was all the com-
ment he felt equal to, at that time.

No one ever got a freight train over a heavy grade by standing on
the back platform of the caboose pushing against the atmosphere.

                                                 —Diary of a Switchman.
Up Against It.

BY ARNO DOSCH..

ALTHOUGH wrecks become fewer every clay and double-tracking and
efficient block systems have practically wiped out the head-on smash,
more than one throttle-handier has secretly made up his mind just
what he will do-when a catastrophe looms up ahead.

     Whatever these intentions may be. however, things often work out dif-
ferently when the crash comes; and the engine**’* who stays to give her the
big hole and jerk over the reverse lever—in nine chances out of ten is the very
man who so carefully, planned just how he was going to make his getaway.

    Mr. Dosch gives us some stories of engineers who didn't jump. Some
persons may call them heroes, while others may accuse them of staying because
they had to. but whether they died at the throttle or lived to tell the tale, we
are all pretty apt to feel that they deserve the benefit of the doubt.

Varied Experiences of Some Eagle-Eyes Who Took Their Chances with
Death in the Cab and Stayed with Their Locomotives Through
Wreck and Destruction.

fUMP! Frank, jump!”

   The words came sharp and
clear like an order, but in a voice
that trembled with the need of
haste. Chapman turned sharp-
ly, his face burning red in the
glare of the fire-box. Above him, jaw set,
stood Fred Boswick, his engineer, working
with quick, cool decision at the air.

  “ What’s up?”

  The brakes were already setting, and a
convulsive jar passed through the train that
fairly shook the words from his mouth, but
Boswick seemed rooted. Every nerve, every
thought, was centered on the work before
him. Except for his quick hands, he had
not moved. He had summoned all the accu-
mulated knowledge of years to his aid, afid
there seemed but one purpose left in his
life—to bring the train to a standstill in the
least possible time. His mouth opened and
he again roared at his fireman:

  “Jump, fool!”

  Then Chapman realized that the great

moment had come. Like nearly every one
who rides in an engine-cab. he had felt that
it would be his turn some day to be mixed
up in a head-on collision, and that day was
now upon him.

  He cast a quick glance down the track,
and saw running wild toward them four
steel flat-cars loaded with ties. That was
enough for him. Without thinking where
he would land, he leaped instinctively and
rolled over and over down the embankment.

When Boswick Faced the Music.

  Still Boswick did not jump. His hands
were busy and his eyes were fixed on the
flying freight-cars.

  The dreaded moment had also arrived for
him. He had always been sure that he
would jump, but this had come upon him
so quickly that he could only save his life
at the expense of perhaps a score of those
who rode behind. Time passed too fast to
think, but—he staved!

56
UP AGAINST IT.

57

  The next instant the heavily loaded cars
struck the engine and turned it into a scrap-
heap. Behind were five coaches full of
passengers, and they escaped uninjured, but
in the crumpled cab, between the boiler and
the tender, they found Boswick’s body. He
had saved the lives of more than a hundred
persons by facing the music.

  The passengers that day on the Valley
route along Long Island Sound knew only
that the engineer had been killed. No one
told them he had died like a hero, but when
the story got to the roundhouse, every one
understood exactly what had happened.
They were all talking about it when the
old engineer spoke up.

  “ These fellows who get killed,” he be-
gan, “ can’t expect anything else. It’s liable
to come to any of us. If we let go as soon
as we see what’s up, the passengers get piled,
and if we stay, it’s the end of us.

Nerve That Is Nerve.

  “ I don’t know how the rest of you feel
about it, but I tell you I don’t want to
choose. If it’s got to be a head-on, give
me time to set the brakes and get away.
But there have been some who came through
alive when they hadn’t really any right to
expect it. Now, there was Bill Ulmer—”

  We all stopped to listen, because we knew
the old engineer’s stories were true and
could be verified by the company if any one
were so particular as to go that far. He
always gave dates and exact locations.

  “It happened three years ago last July,”
he went on, “two days before the Fourth. I
remember. Bill had the Buffalo Express
on the New York division of the Pennsyl-
vania, and like as not he’s got it yet. In
those days he had with him Frank Mc-
Evilla, one of those fellows who always has
an eye out for trouble, and generally meets
it half-way.

  “ I’ve been over the run, and I know just
about how it happened. They were making
the bend below Sunbury, and they were
doing a good, clip, too. Bill isn't the kind
to waste any time on curves. He was ma-
king it nicely, as I understand it, when
some one backed a freight out on the main
line from a siding. As far as I heard,
nobody noticed Bill until he stuck his pilot
under the buggy and turned her up on her
nose.

  “Of course Frank saw it first—count 011
him!—and as soon as he figured out what

was going to happen, he yelled, ‘ Come on,
Bill, we're goners! ’ and went over an em-
bankment that no one who wasn’t in a
hurry would have tackled. But Bill didn’t
jump. He had a chance, all right, but it
was a case of ducking right out or staying
to shoot on the air. He gave her one good
jolt that shook some of the speed out of her,
and then she hit the buggy. But she only
knocked about five cars off the rails, and
went into the ditch.

   “ Right about here you fellows are think-
ing that Bill had taken his last trip, now
aren't you? And you expect to hear about
Frank drilling up the track bright as a
dollar. That’s where you’re wrong.

  “When they found Frank he was just
exactly where he lit 011 the top of his head,
with his neck broken, while Bill came climb-
ing out through the roof of the cab as if
nothing had touched him.”

  “Like Henry Hildebrand,” one of the
others commented.

  “ Who’s he ? ” asked the old engineer.
“ I never heard of him.”

   The old engineer is always suspicious of
any one whose name is new to him.

   “ He’s the fellow who piled up a train at
Terra Cotta, down near Washington, on the
B. and O., just before New Year’s Day
four years ago.”

  “ I heard of the wreck,” admitted the
old engineer, “but I don’t recollect this
Hildebrand.”

  So we had to take the story with the
weight of all his suspicions against it.

Plowing Through a Passenger.

   “ He had a dead train,” the story-teller
began, “and was bringing it into the yard
in a fog. They say it gets pretty bad
winter nights along the Potomac — thick
white fog, and you can’t see a thing. At
any rate, Hildebrand said he couldn’t see
the danger signal, and I guess he didn't.
According to orders, he had everything his
own way clear through Terra Cotta, and
was sneaking past without a word when it
happened. The first thing he knew, the
tail-end of a passenger jumped up out of
the fog right into his face.

  “ He was in the same fix as those other
fellows. He might have jumped if he’d had
a mind to, but he wasn’t built that way, and
by the time the air was on it was too late.
In these cases there’s just about a second,
and you've got to move quick.
58

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “It was a bad mix-up. They were all
light coaches on the passenger, and when
Hildebrand hit the rear car he just about
split it from end to end, and then began
tramping over the passengers. I don't want
anything like it in mine. It may sound
peculiar, but Henry saw the whole thing.
Somehow nothing touched his side of the
cab, and he rode right through the wreck
and was not even scratched. All the time
he was pulling 011 tbe reverse lever like mad.

Too Much for Hildebrand.

  “What I started to tell you about was
the way Hildebrand went through without
getting hurt, but he came pretty near ending
up in the bughouse. For a while I guess
he was pretty dippy. You see, he was fixed
so he couldn't help watching what was
happening, and there were some mighty
tough goings-on. The passengers were
jammed between the seats and scattered
around the floor, and he plowed through
them as if they were cordwood. Excuse
me, I don’t want anything like that.

  “When he had about chewed the second
car in two, he could see a little girl down
at the front end. She was scared to death,
but somehow hadn’t been much hurt. When
she saw the engine coming she fell against
the door and screamed. By this time the
air was getting in its work, or the little girl
would have gone under too. But he stopped
her just in time.

  “Now, that may sound pretty tall, but
they tell me that they found him hanging
out of the cab window and yelling down at
the little girl: ‘ I won’t hurt you! I won’t
hurt you! ’ Then he got down and tried to
lift the drivers off the bodies. He was
absolutely batty for a couple of hours, and
then somebody came along and put him
under arrest. That made him so mad he
got all right again.”	/

Root Rescues Hinckley.

   The old engineer had thought of a story,
and was so anxious to tell it he could hardly
wait for the end.

   “ That’s nothing,” he broke in. “ I don’t
know anything about your friend Hilde-
brand, but there have been others I know
about who have stuck by the cab when it
wasn’t any joke, and they could have left
it any time they pleased. It’s when you’re
able to leave that it’s hard work to stick.

   “ I misdoubt you’re all too young to re-
member much about it, but, let’s see, it
wasn’t more than twelve or fifteen years
ago. It was the summer of the big fires
in Minnesota. All tbe summers were that
way, but this had the biggest fires of the lot.

   “ I remember one town that lost five hun-
dred and another a thousand, and it was
bad all the way through. Some places they
had railroads, and others they didn't. Where
they didn’t they got burned. That was just
about the way of it. —

   “ I had a freight run 011 the St. Paul and
Duluth, and if I hadn't piled up a couple
of empties on a siding I’d have been at the
throttle myself. But it was Jim Root who
did it. You go up there anywhere right
now, and you’ll find out. He saved every
mother’s son and every kid and woman in
Hinckley, Minnesota, but you ought to have
seen him when they brought him out.

   “ Up in that country it gets so dry in the
summer all it needs is a spark in the grass
anywhere and the _ whole landscape gets
afire. That summer it kept the settlers on
the move. They’d chase out of town just
ahead of the fire and no more than make
the nearest lake, when like as not the air
would get so dry it would lick up all the
water and they’d have to bury themselves
in the mud. Maybe you think I’m stretch-
ing it a little, but those lakes are all shal-
low, and it doesn’t take much to dry them
out.

Appeals for Help.

   “ I was ahead of Jim Root until he passed
me at the siding, so he got the first vword of
the trouble at Hinckley. The operator there
had sent out a call for help, and the orders
were for the first train to make Hinckley
without stops.

  “The boys told me about the run after-
ward. The woods were on fire on both
sides, and by the time they got into the
clearing around Hinckley they had to chase
down the sides of the train, throwing water
on the spots that were burning.

  “Jim ran the engine and baggage-car
into a clump of woods which weren’t touched
yet, and went back to the platform for a
minute, but as soon as he turned his back
the woods caught fire, and before he could
climb on again the cab was burning and
the baggage-car was beginning to smoke.

  “Just then the con gave him the hand,
and there wasn’t any time to waste. The
orders were to keep going, but there wasn't
UP AGAINST IT.

59

a chance of getting through. He remem-
bered a little lake back about five mile?,
so he decided to try for it.

Through a Fiery Furnace.

  “ The flames were leaping through the
trees all along, but there wasn’t anything
else to do. Talk about your scalding, now
here was something.

  “Jim said the fire got so close he almost
breathed it. He shut his eyes, but the heat
seared his lids, and the skin on his blistered
hands curled up in crisps.

  “Why, the train itself just about burned
up running, and all that saved Jim was
some fellow who had sense enough to stand
by the tank and douse him with water.

  .“Maybe they weren’t glad when they
struck the lake. Some of them had to be
carried out of the cars and rolled into the
water.”

“How about Root?” some one asked.

  “ He was all in. Couldn’t move. But
a couple of them threw him into the lake,
and after it was over they sent him to the
hospital.”

  “Took nerve all right,” commented some
one who was anxious to get a story off his
chest. “ I remember seeing a fellow do a
thing of a somewhat different kind that took
a lot of nerve, too. His name was Arthur
Towne, and he used to have a passenger run
on the Southern Railway out of Washington.
I was firing for him. One day we got stalled
at a junction down the line a piece.

A Race with Death.

  “There wasn’t anything to do except wait
for orders, so we strolled over to the de.'-
patcher’s office to loaf, foolishly leaving the
train on the main line with one of the
coaches standing over the switch where the
branch came in.

  “ First thing we knew, we heard something
chugging toward us on the other track.
We both made a jump for it, but Towne
yelled back to me to look out for the switch.

  “ It was a nice piece of work, but I was
glad enough to be where I was. Towne
began clawing away to back into clear, and
the harder he clawed the nearer he got
to the danger himself. The other train was
pulling toward him, but the distance was
so short it looked as if there was bound to
be a collision.

“ It got to a point finally where there

wasn't any time left at all, but Towne stuck
to his seat and kept feeding her steam.

  “‘Jump!’ I yelled at him, but he only
gave her another jerk, waved his hand at
me, and I had just enough sense left to
throw the switch, letting the other train run
in ahead of us. She just scraped the pilot."

   “ That was going some, all right,” laughed
the old engineer, “but I’m going to tell you
a story that’s got it beat a mile.

When Seig Went Back.

  “ It's one thing to act when you’ve got
to. You’re in it, and that’s all there is to it.
But there was August Seig. He was well
out of it, but that didn't make any differ-
ence. He went back.

  “ Maybe it was eight years ago. Any-
how, it was in the middle of summer when
he had a train-load going down the Jersey
coast. It was a heavy train—a dozen cars
or more—and his schedule was fast. So he
used to worry his fireman to keep the fire-
box roaring.

   “ This was a Saturday, and she was load-
ed to the steps. Seig kept it up about the
steam until they started, and just as soon
as they began to pick up speed, when some-
how or other the cab caught fire and began
to blaze up pretty fiercely.

   “ Seig lost his head, and the both of them
let go of everything and started back over
the tender. You know how a fellow will
act when he goes to pieces. Seig was the
worst case I ever heard of. He got as far
as the smoker, and in a moment all the pas-
sengers realized that they were racing over
the country with nobody in the cab.

  “ It was as ridiculous a situation as I
ever heard of, but it was more than that.
As soon as that crowd found out what was
up they began to growl, and Seig was soon
facing an angry mob. That brought him
to his senses. He seemed to wake up a.~
from a dream, they said. You see, there
was a train of fourteen cars behind, and
they were picking up speed every moment.

Called Himself a Coward.

  “ As soon as he came to his senses, he
turned and ran forward for all he was worth.
Of course, the crowd in the smoker thought
he was trying to get away from them, so
they ran after him. They chased him to
the tender, and there they saw something
that makes me shiver to think about it.
60

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

                                    /

  “ There was Seig, without even his hands
over his face, climbing right into the cab
that was all flames and smoke.

  “ At first the crowd didn’t know what to
make of it. All they could see was his
back, but I would have given a lot to have
seen his face. It isn’t every one of us that's
got the nerve to do a thing like that. When
they saw him walk into that cab they
couldn’t help understanding. Anybody
could see the flames were so hot they were
bound to kill.

  “Then the train began to slow down, and

in less than a minute it was practically
stopped. A couple of fellows jumped in to
rescue him, but they only found an uncon-
scious body hanging to the throttle. They
dragged him out quick and soused him with
water, but it wasn’t any use.

  “ And what do you think that engineer
said about himself? They laid him down
alongside the track, and just before he died
lie opened his eyes and whispered: ‘Cow-
ard! ’ Said it of himself. But I’m willing
to bet that there wasn’t anybody in that
crowd that agreed with him.”

 COLLISION STARTED THE AIR-BRAKE.

George Westinghouse Discloses the Story of the Origin of His Great In-
vention and Its Ultimate Perfection.

GEORGE WESTINGHOUSE, inventor of the
air-brake, the most revolutionary device in
railroad improvements, recently told the members
of the American Society of Mechanical Engineers
the origin of its discovery and perfection.

  Its conception, Mr. Westinghouse said, resulted
first from an accident and second from the chance
that led two young women to canvass his sub-
scription to an engineering magazine, in which
was recited the use of compressed air in the dri-
ving of Mount Cenis tunnel.

  The accident was a collision of two freight-
trains between Schenectady and Troy, in 1866,
which delayed for two hours a train in which Mr.
Westinghouse was a passenger. Had the freight-
trains been equipped with brakes of sufficient
power, thought Mr. Westinghouse, the collision
could have been avoided, and immediately he set
to work to develop such a brake.

  An inventor, named Ambler, already had .per-
fected a chain-brake which was operated by the
revolving of a windlass in the engine, the chain
thus being taken up and the brake-levers of each
car thus operated. To Mr. Westinghouse came
die idea of exchanging the windlass for a cylinder
beneath the locomotive, the piston of which should
be of extraordinary length and connected with
Mr. Ambler's chain, so that the drawing in of the
piston by the application of steam from the loco-
motive would give a more accurate control of the
brakes than was possible with the windlass device.

  But experiments showed quickly that the piston
could not be made long enough to operate the
chain on more than four or five cars, and Mr.
Westinghouse overcame this difficulty by placing
a cylinder beneath each car with a flexible pipe
connecting each one to the locomotive for its
supply of steam. The effort failed because it was
found impossible to transmit the steam.

 It was then that Mr Westinghouse saw the
article on compressed air, and in the use of this
medium instantly saw a solution to his difficulties.

  An apparatus employing compressed air instead
of steam was built at once, and a Steubenville,
Ohio, accommodation-train of the Panhandle Rail-
road was equipped with the device. On its first
test the engineer, as his train emerged from the
tunnel near the Union Station.in Pittsburgh, saw
a wagon on the tracks, and the value of the new
brake was demonstrated instantly by the short
distance in which the train was halted in time to
avoid an accident.

  Many experiments were made by various rail-
roads, and, in 1869, several of these had their
running stock equipped with the new brake: but
once more the inventor was to face and overcome
an obstacle. It developed that it look too long
to set and release the brakes, and that in the event
of a break in the train, the rear section would be
without brakes. The first automatic air-brake
grew out of the need to provide against this con-
tingency.
WHEN WESLEY CAME BACK

BY LILLIAN BENNET-THOMPSON.

       He Was There with a Wallop for His Boyhood
       Enemy Which Settled Some Old and New Scores.

V.HE happiest days of my life,
Dick,” said Wesley, throw-
ing one leg over the arm of
his chair, “ the very happiest.
Nothing to do but have a
good time—swim, play ball,
go fishing — say, that was a bully trout-
stream, the best in the county, do you
know it?”

  I did not know it, and said so. As I
had never been to Youngville, the little up-
State village where Wesley had spent his
boyhood, I failed to see why lie should ex-
pect me to be familiar with its piscatorial
advantages. At the same time, 1 came
pretty near questioning my good friend's
veracity.

  His father had been something of a mar-
tinet, from all accounts, and had kept the
boy’s nose pretty close to the grindstone.
But Wesley had evidently forgotten the
chores incident to his early career, and I
decided not to remind him.

   “ I should like to see the old place again
—like it a lot,” he went 011. “ It would be
worth while to take a dip in the ‘ ole swirn-
min’-hole.’ I used to go down there of a
summer afternoon as often as I could sneak
away; and then go home and get whaled
for it.

  “What whopping melons old Billings did
grow in his big melon-patch, to be sure!
We fellows had to run the gantlet of four
dogs and Billings’s shotgun, but we got
the melons just the same. Nice old fellow,
Billings; he enjoyed the fun as much as we
did, and never bore malice.

  “ He wasn’t a bit like Menness. I re-
member we used to call him Meanness.
Of all the cantankerous old cusses—why,
he was so close he’d pinch a penny until
the Indian whooped. One afternoon Tim

Billings and I climbed a tree in the orchard
and annexed a few apples.

  " There was a big baseball game coming
off in the afternoon; I was going to pitch
and Timmy to catch. We’d bet a lot of
money on that game—as much as ten cents
apiece; and we thought an apple or two
would just about put us in good condition
to win.

  “ Well, somehow Menness found out we
were there, and he came sneaking down and
caught us up the tree. He called us young
thieves and hardened reprobates, to try to
rob a poor man, and then some more com-
plimentary names, and requested us to come
down. We naturally declined; and then
lie called his dog, a big black-and-white
mongrel with a strain of bull in him, and
set him to watcli at the foot of the tree.

  “ That ugly brute kept us up there until
long after dark that night. We were nearly
dead when we got down; and worse yet, our
team had lost the game, because we didn’t
show up.

  “ It nearly broke my heart when I had
to pay that ten-cent bet, and I made up
my mind I'd get even with Menness. But
dad sent me away to school right after
that, and I never did get a chance to square
up with him.”

  There was a reminiscent light in Wes-
ley’s eyes. He leaned back in his chair.

  “I’d sure like to climb that big North-
ern Spy tree again, fill my pockets with
apples, and eat and eat and eat,” Wesley
continued dreamily. “ O11 a moonlight
night, with the sough of the wind through
the branches, a few congenial spirits,
and—”

  “ And a stomach-ache the next day,” I
interrupted crossly.

  Strange what a glorified radiance the

61
62

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

perspective of age lends to youth! I was
perfectly well aware that Wesley’s early
clays had not been all milk and honey.

  A boy on a farm had usually a few duties
to perform in addition to thinking up
plausible excuses to account for his hair
being soaking wet on an afternoon when he
is supposed to be hoeing potatoes.

  “ Is anything going on to-morrow ? ”
Wesley asked suddenly.

  “Not that I know of.” I said.

  “Then we'll just run up to Youngville
for a week,” said Wesley. “ I’m tired of
chasing the elusive dollar, and I think a
rest would do you good, Dick.”

   I regarded him doubtfully.

  “Do you mean it?” I asked.

   “ I do,” said he decidedly.

  With Wesley, the conception of an idea,
however wild, meant that it would be car-
ried through to the bitter end, as I knew
from long experience. I sighed as I real-
ized that for the next week I should prob-
ably have to submit to being dragged about
to visit places in which I had no possible
interest, and to listen to Wesley’s enthusi-
astic apostrophes on them.

  So, as I went to pack the bags—this task
always devolved upon me, as Wesley was
quite likely to put his shoes upon the bosom
of his dress-shirt, and our Chinese servant
still adhered to Oriental ideas regarding the
component parts of a gentleman’s wardrobe
—I was not the most happy person in the
world.

  Wesley, however, was as cheerful as I
had ever seen him, and kept running in to
regale me with puerile anecdotes of the good
old days on the farm.

  I went to bed in a fit of the sulks,
which was not improved by having to rise
at break of dawn to catch the train for
Youngbridge, in order to make connections
with the way-train that ran over the new
branch road through Youngville.

   During the half-mile drive from the sta-
tion to the Youngville House, a pilgrimage
accomplished in a dilapidated surrey,
drawn by a decrepit rackabones, I was in a
perpetual state of terror lest the bottom of
our conveyance should drop out and deposit
us and our belongings in the dusty road.

  We arrived without mishap, however,
about two o’clock in the afternoon, and
were shown to rooms on the second floor
of the hotel. I say “hotel.” because that
is what every one called it, although it
more nearlv resembled a converted barn

than anything else I could bring to mind.
I am firmly convihced that the proprietor
ran the place for his health; it certainly
could not have been for that of his guests.
He was anything but a philanthropist.

  Still, the weather was fine, and we could
spend most of our time out of doors, which
was some consolation.

  We had luncheon in the dining-room.
That is, I did. Wesley was so anxious to
get out and see the town that he couldn’t eat
and didn’t want me to. He grudged me
everything I put into my mouth, watching
my busy knife and fork until I politely
requested him to otherwise occupy himself,
when, with an injured air, he fell to drum-
ming on the table with a vinegar cruet.

  As soon as I had finished, which I did
as quickly as possible, he arose with a
sigh of relief, and announced his intention
of proceeding at once to “the old place.”
Accordingly, we sallied forth, Wesley keep-
ing up a running fire of comment.

  “This is the main street, Dick; they’ve
had it macadamized since I was here,” he
informed me. “ That must be the new town
hall and the jail. And see those big stores
—my! how the place has grown!”

  We turned down a side street, bordered
with rather cheap - looking frame houses.
Wesley looked them over disapprovingly.

  “ I don't like those,” he said. “ When
I was a boy, this was Woods Lane, all bor-
dered with grand old oaks and elms.
They’ve cut down all the trees and made
it look like property in a land-improvement
scheme. It’s an infernal shame! The men
who destroyed those trees ought to be tarred
and feathered! ”

  The rest of the afternoon was simply
piling Pel ion upon Ossa, Wesley’s com-
ments becoming more and more caustic.
The climax was reached when he discov-
ered that the old farm had been cut up
into miserable little thirty-foot lots, upon
which more of the squat, frame cottages
had been erected; and that the site of the
“ ole swiminin’-hole ” was occupied by a
large and odoriferous tannery.

  We committed the indiscretion of getting
to windward of this, and beat a hasty re-
treat. I was obliged to confess that it was
worse than Wesley’s pipe.

  As we walked back toward the hotel,
taking another route, Wesley was very
quiet; but now and then he burst into
vigorous denunciations of the vandals who
had changed a beautiful country village
WHEN WESLEY CAME BACK.

63

into a small and mean imitation of a city
suburb.

  I could understand exactly how he felt,
having experienced something of the same
feeling when I visited my birthplace in
New York city, and found that the house
had been converted into a populous
“ double-decker ” tenement.

  Only the Billings farm remained of all
the well-remembered places that had been
dear to him. The Menness place had not
been altered either, he said. Indeed, there
seemed little doubt of it.

  I was inclined to believe it an offshoot
of the original ark. The house appeared
to be in a state of innocuous desuetude,
and there were alarming indications that
the whole thing was likely to fall apart at
any time.

  But the little white farmhouse of ]o-
siah Billings, set in the midst of its em-
erald meadows and woods, looked quiet and
restful, that one harmonious note in the
discordant whole.

  It was getting toward sundown, and the
shadows were lengthening on the grass.
Wesley’s face wore a tired and disappoint-
ed look, as we stood at the gate and looked
over the white palings.

  “There are just two people I want to
see, Dick,” he said presently. “ Josiah
Billings and Dr. Kellogg. And then I want
to get out of this place; it makes me sick.
Suppose we go in and see Billings now?
Hallo! I believe that’s he!”

  He flung open the gate, and hurried to
meet a white-haired old man, who was
coming down the path toward us. I fol-
lowed more slowly.

  “Not little Jacky Wesley!” Billings was
exclaiming, as I reached them. “Well, I
swan! Well, well!”

  “ And this is Mr. Reynolds, my friend
and business associate, Mr. Billings,” said
Wesley.

  I shook hands with Billings, who de-
clared that any friend of Jack Wesley’s
was a friend of his, too.

  “ Come in—come in and set awhile on
the porch,” urged the old man. “ It must
be all of twenty year since I seen you,
Jack. Well, well!” He turned and led
the way up to the house.

  “ Come back to see the old place, have
you, eh?” he said, when we had settled
ourselves comfortably, and Wesley had in-
quired after Timmy and various other one-
time intimates. “Well, it ain’t what it

used to be, I can tell you that.” He shook
his head sadly.

  “I don’t know when I’ve had such a
shock,” Wesley said seriously. “ I came
back here, as you say, to see the old place,
to renew old associations and old friend-
ships. And I find a miserable second-rate
town; all the associations dead and buried
or outraged—and you and Dr. Kellogg the
only friends left.

  “I’m going back to-morrow. I meant to
stay a week or more, but one afternoon of
this”—lie waved his hand contemptuously
in the direction of the town—“ is enough.
I want to see the doctor to-night. Does he
still live in the same place?”

  “Yes; but I doubt you’ll see him, Jack,”
answered Billings. “There’s smallpox in
the lower part of the town and over at
Youngbridge, and lie’s pretty busy. You’d
best go to his house along about dinner
time, if you wfant to catch him.”

  “Well, I’ll wait until after dark,” said
Wesley. “ I don’t want to see any more
of the place than I can help. This farm
of yours is like a green oasis in a desert
of 1 own-your-own home ’ atrocities.

  “Thank Heaven, there’s one place that’s
big enough to breathe in—where you can't
look from your dining-room into your
neighbor’s kitchen and see what lie’s going
to have for dinner! ”

  “But there won’t be much longer, son.”
The old man’s voice was very low. He sat
back in his chair, his head sunk on his
breast, his unseeing eyes fixed straight
ahead.

  Wesley turned like a flash and stared at
him.

  “What’s that?” he demanded.
“To-morrow’ll see the last of it. Ten
o'clock in the mornin’.”

  “ Explain! ” commanded Wesley peremp-
torily.

  “There ain’t much to explain,” Billings
said mournfully. “We had a bad season
about three year ago, and I had to put a
mortgage on the place. Squire Daudel took
it. I meant to pay it off, but I couldn’t
manage it, somehow.

  “Then, a piece back, the squire’s son
got took bad, and they had to send him out
West. The squire, he wants to go out and
join him, so he foreclosed on the mortgage.
And the sale’s to-morrow mornin’—ten
o’clock in the mornin’.”

  “Can’t you buy the place in?” Wesley
asked.
64

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Billings shook his head.

  “ Timmy, he scraped the money together
and sent me enough to cover the mortgage,”
he said. “It didn't come till the posters of
the sale was up. But I did figure on
buyin’ the place in, till Sam Menness come
by yesterday and told me he was goin’ to
take a hand.”

  “Sam Menness?- What's he got to do
with it?”

  “Everythin'. He wants the land to put
up some more of them shacks. He says
lie’ll have it—and I guess he will.”

  “Where will he get the money?” in-
quired Wesley. “That house of his looks
as if he didn’t have a dollar in the world.”
Billings laughed harshly.

  “That’s just his cussed closeness,” he
said. “ Menness—he’s about the hull town
now. Owns the tanner}-—owns most of
them things he calls houses; coops, I say.
Made a bar’l of money in lumber. Cut
down all the hard-wood. And if he wants
the place, I reckon he’ll git it.”

  “ But you can run the price up,” I sug-
gested hopefully. “ You can make him pay
a good round sum over and above the
mortgage.”

  •And then, somehow, when I met Bil-
lings’s reproachful eyes, I felt heartily
ashamed of myself.

  “You don't s’pose it's the money I care
about, do you ? ” he asked sorrowfully.
“No; it’s the place I want—my home. 1
was born in this house, and I want to die
here. It’s the only home I’ve ever had.
My dad built it, and brought ma here
when he married her.

  “My Timmy was born here, too, and my
wife died in that up-stairs front room.
Seems like I can’t get used to the idea of
Menness tearin’ it down. I—I’m an old
fool. I guess. But—but—” The old man’s
voice trembled and broke; he bowed his
head in his withered hands.

  “Would a few thousands be of any use,
Mr. Billings?” asked Wesley gently; and
I could see that he was deeply moved by
the old man’s grief. “My money’s pretty
well tied up just now, but you’re welcome
to all I have.”

  Billings put out one hand, groped for
Wesley’s, and wrung it convulsively.

  “God bless ye, Jack!” he whispered
huskily. “ You always was a good boy.
But it ain’t no use. If 'twas anybody but
Menness—but it’s him. And what he
wants, he’ll have.

  “What you and me could put up
wouldn’t be a drop in the bucket. He could
double anythin’ we bid and never feel it.’’
Down went the white head again.

  Wesley stood up and put one hand on
the shaking shoulder.

  “ Don’t you worry, Mr. Billings,” he
said. “Leave it to me. You shall keep
your place. Just you make your bid in
the morning, and leave Menness to me. I'll
attend to him.”

  “Ah, boy, you can’t do anythin’. He’s
hard—hard as a rock. I went to see him,
and begged him to leave me the farm. I
won’t need it but just a little while longer.
But—I might have saved my time and my
pride.”

   “Well, I’ll attend to him,” repeated Wes-
ley. “ And now I guess we’ll be getting
along. Don’t you worry. It will be all
right.”

  For an instant the faded blue eyes
brightened. Then the light died out of
them, and they grew dull and hopeless
again.

  We said good-by to the poor old chap
and walked away in the deepening twilight.
Wesley was very quiet; and for my part,
the wounded, stricken expression in Bil-
lings’s eyes haunted me.

  “I’m going over to see the doctor now,
Dick,” said Wesley presently. “ I won’t
bother you to come; it must be a bit stupid
for you here. I’ll join you at the hotel
this evening. Amuse yourself as you like.’’

  I was very glad to be excused from going
to the doctor’s, and walked back to the
hotel alone. My “amusement” consisted
of sitting out on the porch after dinner and
smoking, until the mosquitoes drove me up
to my room, where I dug a book out of my
grip and read until Wesley came in at
about eleven o’clock^

  “ The dirty scoundrel! ” were his first
words, as he banged the door behind him.

  “Who? Kellogg?” I inquired.

  “No, you fool; Menness,” he snapped.
“ I had the whole story from the doctor. It
seems that Billings’s place is near enough
to that sweet-smelling tannery to make the
land valuable to Menness. He wants to
put up a lot more of those dinky houses
for his men. He made Billings an offer,
and got sore when the old chap refused it
—swore he’d get the place, and Billings
swore he shouldn't. They almost came to
blows, and Menness has got it in for
Billings.
WHEN WESLEY CAME BACK.

65

  “ So he wants the land, but he wants his
revenge, too, on the man who dared to stand
against him. He won’t be satisfied until he
gets Billings’s place—the last landmark,
and breaks the poor old fellow's heart.

  “But he hasn’t got it yet; and he won’t
—not by a jugful! I haven’t forgotten
the black-and-white mongrel and that ten-
cent bet yet, Dick.”

  Of course, I wanted to know what he
intended to do about it; but Wesley sud-
denly became mysterious; and taking out
his meerschaum and a deck of cards, gave
himself up to the enjoyment of a smoke and
a game of solitaire.

  I stood the reek of that awful tobacco
as long as I could, and then retired in
good order to my own bedroom. For the
sake of coolness, we left the connecting
door open, and the last I heard of Wesley
was:

  “Where in thunder is that queen of
clubs?” Then a gleeful chuckle and
“Menness didn’t take Jack Wesley into his
calculations. Too bad! Too bad!”

  I slept badly that night, but toward
morning I fell into an uneasy slumber and
dreamed that Wesley was in jail, whither
lie had been transported for assaulting Men-
ness with an enormous meerschaum pipe.

  It was after nine when I awoke, and
sang out to Wesley. Receiving no answer,
I concluded that he had gone to “attend
to Menness’s case.”

  I shaved and dressed, and strolled into
his room, thinking I would wait there un-
til he returned and have my breakfast with
him. What was my dismay, therefore, to
find him still in bed and asleep! And
the sale was set for ten o’clock!

  I rushed to the bedside, seized him by
the shoulder and shook him violently.

  “ Lemme be! ” he muttered drowsily.
“Jack!” I cried. “Get up! It’s five
minutes to ten!”

  “Well, what-of it?” he demanded ir-
ritably. “Can’t you let a fellow alone?”
“But the sale—”

  “To the deuce with the sale! Get out! ”
  “ But, aren’t you—”

  “No, I’m not! Confound you, Dick,
can’t you let a fellow sleep?”

  Thoroughly disgusted, I turned away
from the bed and walked to the window.
Never before had I known Jack Wesley to
break a promise.	0

  He had assured Billings that he would
save the farm from Menness—and he was

   5	RR

sound asleep in bed! Indignation burned
hot within me.

  I looked up and down the street, seek-
ing inspiration for the scathing arraign-
ment I felt he deserved. Not finding any,
I drew upon my imagination.

  “ Aren’t you gcfing to get up at all to-
day?” I inquired severely. I felt this a
good start.

  A grunt from the bed was the only an-
swer I received, and in a rage I flung out
of the room and betook myself to the
porch.

  It could not have been twenty minutes
later when the colored man who acted as
bell-boy and general factotum came out
with the message that Mr. Wesley was
waiting for me in the dining-room, and
would I kindly step in.

  Wesley greeted me with a cheerful good
morning, quite as if he were seeing me
for the first time that day, asked how I
had slept and announced with a glance at
his watch that it was half after ten, and
that we had thirty minutes in which to
catch our train.

  “The sale should be over by this time,”
he added. “ I wonder if I can find out
anything about it ? ”

  He rose suddenly from the table and left
the room. Five minutes later he was back,
smiling broadly.

  “Get a move on, Dick,” he said, as he
swallowed the remainder of his cup of
coffee. “We haven’t any too much time
for that train.”

  “What about Billings?” I ventured.

  “ No time to talk about him now. I’ve
ordered the carriage to take us to the sta-
tion. You don’t want any more omelet.
Hurry up! ”

  In silence I went up-stairs and brought
down the grips, while Wesley paid the bill
at the desk, and then we got into the same
ruin that had conveyed us to the hotel and
started for the station.

  A little way down the street a crowd had
collected, almost blocking the roadway. Two
or three deputies were keeping it in check,
and the sheriff, revolver in hand, was
planted in the center of the lawn, with the
air of one who has taken up permanent
quarters.

  He kept the weapon pointed at a tall,
gaunt man, who danced and gesticulated in
the doorway of the house. One tumble-
down pillar of the porch was adorned with
a highly decorative red and white sign,
66

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

which bore the somewhat startling legend:
“ Smallpox.”

  “Why, that's the Menness place!” I ex-
claimed, as my eye took in the scene, al-
though the full meaning of it escaped me.

  “ And that’s Menness doing a two-step in
the doorway,” chuckled Wesley.

   “ I ain’t got it, I tell ye! I ain’t! ” bel-
lowed the frantic dancer, running out on the
porch and then running back again to the
shelter of the doorway.

  “ Don’t you dare come out ag’in! ” the
sheriff bawled back at him, waving his gun
menacingly.

  “I’ll have the law on ye!” screamed
Menness. “I’ll show ye! I ain’t got it!
Jest you wait! I ain’t got it! ”

  “No, you haven’t, for a fact,” observed
Wesley thoughtfully. “ I expect Billings is
glad of it, too. Hurry up, Phcebus”—this
to the driver—“ we want to catch that train,
not the smallpox.” The driver clucked to
his horse, and the ancient relic moved along
a little faster.

  “You know something about this busi-
ness, Jack! ” I accused him. “ Out with it.”
“ Sure I do,” admitted Wesley cheerfullv.
“Why not?”

  “But I don’t,” I said pointedly.

  “I’m aware of that,” said he. “And I
hope nobody else does,” he added grimly.
“ Oh, by the way, Dick, Billings bought in
the farm. I got the news from a kid who
was at the sale, and I thought you’d like to
know.”

  “Where was Menness all the time?” I
asked.

  “Home. The sheriff attended to that. I
expect I’m a common malefactor, Dick,” he
continued unexpectedly. “ But after what I
heard from Billings and Kellogg, and after
seeing Youngville, I felt that Menness
ought to have his comb cut, and I appointed
myself a committee of one to perform the
operation. Apparently, the situation called
for heroic measures, but I turned the trick
with a telephone message.”

  “ A telephone message ? ”

  “ Yes. To the board of health—and they
obligingly did the rest. Vile town, isn’t it ? ”
“Well?” said I. Wesley’s habit of tell-
ing me the tail-end of a story and'leaving
me to fill in the blanks has always been
peculiarly annoying. Probably that is the
reason he does it.

  “ Oh, yes,” he went on after a moment.
“I forgot I hadn’t told you about it. You
see. it occurred to me that Menness ought

not to be allowed at that sale to-day. I
might have prevented his attending by going
up to his house and sitting on his head until
it was over, or by potting him through the
window with a shotgun.

  “ I think the town would have given me a
vote of thanks for the latter method; but the
sheriff might have wanted explanations, and
we should have missed our train.

  “ So I contented myself with advising the
health board that there was a well-developed
case of smallpox in the Menness mansion;
and that, while I had quarantined the af-
flicted party, I felt, in the interests of public
safety, no one should be permitted to leave
the premises.

  “ An officer of the board went up there
last night, tacked a sign on the house, and
instructed the sheriff to see that my orders
were carried out. From what I heard and
saw back there, I should gather that Men-
ness was somewhat peeved at being com-
pelled to remain indoors.”

  “ Well, of all nerve—but why should the
board of health pay any attention to what
you said? ”

  “Well the fact is, Dick, I believe I got
mixed in my identity over the telephone,
and told them I was Dr. Kellogg. You see,
he is acting as diagnostician for the health
authorities, and what he says goes. He is
a pretty well-known man, and they don’t
trouble to have their own physician make
an examination after he has once seen the
case.

  “ He went to Youngbridge last night after
I had talked with him, and he told me to
leave 210 stone unturned to help Billings.
He can prove an alibi on the telephone-call,
so Menness can’t make any trouble for him.”
“ But why didn’t Menness send for the
inspector and prove there was no smallpox
in the house ? ” I wanted to know.

  “Probably he did. In fact, I’m quite
sure he did. But the inspector was busy
down at the lower end of town this morning,
and it probably took some time to locate
him. I don’t believe he hurried, anyway.
He doesn’t appear to have arrived on the
scene as yet.”

  Wesley was silent until we had taken our
seats in the train and the landscape was slip-
ping past the windows. Then he turned to
me, and a grin of unalloyed delight over-
spread his face.

  “ Dick,” he $?id, slowly, “ I believe I’m
about square with Menness on that ten-
cent bet! ”
Real Railroad Perils

BY TOM JACKSON.

RAILROADERS, as well as lion tamers and hunters of big game, can tell
a good yarn now and then about mix-ups with wild animals. The days
when buffaloes blocked the right-of-way and grizzlies sharpened their
teeth on engine pilots has passed, but occasionally we hear of a wild-cat or a
panther causing some rapid foot-work that wasn't included in the running
orders of a train crew.

    The possum that chewed a hole in Foreman Q'Brien’s thumb, while more
of a pet than a peril, called forth such a battle from Dennis, the night watch-
man. that Mr. Jackson has given us his sad history along with the tales of his
more formidable brothers of the woods, who furnished certain trainmen as
much excitement in two minutes as the average city man runs into in a lifetime.

Hair-Raisers That Were Unexpectedly Sprung on Some Western Railroad-
ers by a Prowling Possum, a Wounded Bob-Cat, and
a Ravenous Mountain Lion.

OME boys,' get busy. Seven-
  teen’s only an hour and a
  half late and we have that
  much time to kill, so we may
  as well take it easy,” said
  Marsh, putting a glowing
  coal to his pipe and assuming the indolent
  posture of ease.

  “ That means this gang will be until after
daylight cutting up 17,” Norris grumbled.

  “ Shut up, you lazy hoghead. You’d be
kicking if you was ordered out to your own
funeral,” said Watson.

  “ I don't know about that,” said Spence.
“ Seems to me that Norris wouldn’t be in
very good shape to kick if the undertaker
had done his work properly.”

  “ Huh, that’s a cheerful subject that you
gazabos have lighted on,” said Dempsey,
who had just come in after the caller had
visited his domicile. “Talk about under-
takers when you can’t talk about anything
else. It’s dead sure that none of the gang
here "will be playing possum when the un-
dertaker comes after him.”

  “ Speaking of possum reminds me,” said
Marsh, “about—”

  “ Oh, dat possum meat, am good for to
eat,” Watson chanted.

  “ Dry up, will you, Watson,” said Demp-
sey. “ It’s about time for Marsh to make
a speil, so let him go on.”

  “ Oh, all right. If he can get a story
out of a possum, he’s a Jim dandy.”

  “Well, as I was going to say,” Marsh
proceeded as though no interruption had
occurred, “ it was when I was running on
the Cairo division of the Illinois Central,
between Centralia and Cairo.

Planning a Possum Hunt.

  “ Some of the boys had been talking for
quite a while about getting up a possum
hunt, but as none of the crowd had ever
been out after possums so far it had result-
ed merely in talk.

  “ One evening we corralled an old dark-
ey who had come down to the roundhouse
from one of the boarding-houses' with a
68

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

couple of lunch buckets for two of the
boys who were going out shortly and one
of the boys sang out:

  “ ‘ Say, Ned, you old black rascal, do
you know of any good possum hunting
around here? ’

  “ ‘ ’Deed I does, gemman. An’ I’se
gwine wid two udder culled gemman arter
possums to-morrow night.’

  “Well, the long and short of it was, we
then and there made a deal with the old
darkey to go out with a party of us as a
guide. He was reluctant at first as the
darkies in that section were chary about
taking strangers to the haunts of the pos-
sum, just as fishermen often endeavor to
keep the knowledge of the best fisliing-
grounds to themselves, but finally his ob-
jections were overcome by the promise of
two dollars for his services and the possums
captured, if any, were to be his property.

  “Upon these conditions he agreed to get
the consent of the ‘ two udder culled gem-
man ’ for our crowd to form a part of the
congregation.

   “ Just as luck would have it the next after-
noon I got orders to pull an extra north,
though by rights my lay-over extended to
the day following. Now, ordinarily I would
not have kicked at this chance to swell my
pay-check, but I had never been on a pos-
sum hunt and I had heard so much about it
and the fun that we would have, that I hus-
tled around to see if I could not get a
substitute.

A Beefsteak Bruise.

   “ I slyly procured a piece of raw beef that
had considerable blood still in it, and this
I placed in the palm of my left hand, then
bandaged it lightly so that a little pressure
would cause a bloody stain to appear on the
bandage.

  “ The extra list was light and the only
man available was Jack Davis. Now Jack
was a good runner, though he had not long
been set up and had not yet a regular en-
gine; but O’Brien, the roundhouse foreman,
who also acted as engine despatches for
some reason had it in for Jack as big as a
wolf, and he would never order him out if
there was any chance to get another run-
ner or to compel one of the regulars to
double out. Jack knew this as did all the
rest of the gang, but we couldn’t help
ourselves.

  “O’Brien didn’t have any great amount

of use for me because I lost no opportunity
to show my contempt for him, while at the
same time playing safe so that he could
not get an edge on me. I knew that any re-
quest to let me off that run would not go,
hence the raw beef stunt.

He Fooled the Foreman.

  “Well, I moseyed down to the round-
house a little more than an hour before
leaving time and monkeyed around until
I caught O’Brien’s eye.	-— .

  “ ‘ What's the ma'tter with your flip-
per ? ’ he asked.

   “ ‘ Oh, I managed to get it pinched while
setting up wedges,’ I answered.

Well, I’m sorry, but that train of per-
ishable freight has got to move and move
lively, so I don’t see but you will have to
pull it. There’s no other engine available.’
“ ‘ That’s all right, O’Brien,’ I said.

‘ You haven’t heard any wail from me? ’

   “ ‘ No, but I expected to.’

   “ 1 Expectations are not always realized,
you know.’

   “ I swung up on the footboard of the old
one-twelve. Her lever was down in the
forward corner so I took hold of the throttle
with my bandaged left hand. I pulled her
open, and then shut her off, letting a yelp
out of me that could be heard clear out on
the Ohio levee.

   “ ‘ What’s the matter? ’ O’Brien shouted,
as he came arunning.

   “ ‘ I can’t take this run out. My hand is
too sore,’ I answered and turned "the palm
of my bandaged hand so that he could see it.

  “Say, that bandage was a beaut. The
whole of the bandage covering the palm of
my hand was stained a bright red and a
few little drops trickled down. I groaned
and fussed while O’Brien swore.

  “Now I had already put Jack Davis
wise, and he came sauntering in just as I
sank back on the cushion as though over-
come with pain.

  “‘Hallo, O'Brien,’ he said, ‘ anything
doing? ’

   “ ‘ Marsh has managed to cripple himself
so he can’t take the one-twelve out and I
guess you’ll have to take her.’

  “ ‘ All right, send the boy up to my
boarding-house for the grub-can.’

   “ ‘ Never mind,’ I said, anxious to get out
of the way before OTJrien tumbled to the
little stunt that I had pulled off. 1 Mine
is in the box. Use it.’
REAL RAILROAD PERILS.

69

  “So, groaning and staggering and grit-
ting my teeth as though in the most exquis-
ite pain, I managed to get out of the round-
house and around the first convenient cor-
ner. Then I straightened up but I still held
on to my bandaged raw beef. I kept close
to my room until the boys came for me to
go on the possum hunt and they insisted

ground with a thump and the dogs began to
worry it, but that possum never moved.

  “ One of the darkies hunted around until
he got a heavy stick and this he laid across
the possum’s neck until Mr. Possum was
duly defunct.

  “ We then proceeded to tramp farther in-
to the woods and in about half an hour had

THE POSSUM MADE A QUICK
MOVE AND CAUGHT
O'BRIEN'S THUMB.

that for the sake of appearances I must
hang on to my sore hand.

  “We went down to the Ohio levee and
got into a couple of skiffs and the darkies
pulled across the river to the Kentucky side.
The land here was low and covered with a
growth of scrub with here and there some
good-sized trees and was under water at
every rise in the river, not being protected
by the levee by that time.

  “ For three mortal hours we tramped
through that scrub before the dogs, a cou-
ple of yellow and black, long-eared hounds,
let out a yelp. About eleven o’clock they
set up a howl around a small tree or rather
a good-sized sapling, about six inches
through at the butt.

  “ It was a pawpaw-tree and we could see
a whitish lump well up toward the top.
The three darkies shook the sapling vi-
ciously'and finally a round furry ball hit the

treed and bagged another possum. Then
we tramped some more. It was just get-
ting light when the third possum was
brought down. He was a whale of a fel-
low, almost as big as the other two com-
bined, and for some reason the darkies com-
cluded to take him home alive.

  “We persuaded Ned to let us take the
possum to the roundhouse on the positive
assurance that we would return the animal
in good order.

  “ We had some difficulty in securing Mr.
Possum, but this was finally accomplished
by means of a dog-chain and a metal dog-
collar, which we fastened around the body
of the animal.

  “For some time Mr. Possum played
dead, but finally seemed to conclude that
it was not a paying game and showed a
decided disposition to fight. In a few
hours he was anything but the mild-tem-
70

• -

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

pered animal we had always supposed him
to be.

  “ O’Brien was one of these fellows who
are always happiest when they are hector-
ing or browbeating somebody or teasing an
animal. He had all kinds of fun with Mr.
Possum for a time, punching him in the
ribs and otherwise tickling him until the
beast would curl back his lips and show
his teeth in an angry snarl.

  “All this was nuts for O’Brien and he
spent the greater part of the day teasing
the brute. Finally the possum made a quick
move and caught O’Brien’s right thumb
firmly between his teeth. Now a possum’s
teeth are much like those of a rat and when
they do take hold they hang like a bull-dog.

  “ Back of the roundhouse was an old,
dilapidated picket fence. These pickets
were the square sticks so often seen in fences
of this kind, and, as one of these happened
to be lying near, the boys thrust its pointed
end into the possum’s jaws to force him to
open up, but his grip was so tight the
stick was broken off in the first attempt.

  “Another picket was thrust still farther
between the little animal’s teeth and the
thumb finally released, but O’Brien, in his
impatience, hastily jerked his hand away
and the sharp incisors of the brute ripped
his thumb, from root to tip, as smoothly
and nicely as any person could have done
it with a knife.

Dodging the Death Sentence.

  “ Ostensibly the gang sympathized deep-
ly with O’Brien, but deep down in their
hearts all were glad that he had met with
his ‘ comeupance.’ As O’Brien swore death
to the possum, a hasty council of war was
held by the boys.

  “ All of us were determined that the pos-
sum should be allowed to live because of
the good he had done, so a purse, amount-
ing to something like four or five dollars,
was made up among the crowd and turned
over to Ned as the price of the animal, with
the distinct understanding, however, that he
should declare to O'Brien that he had killed
and eaten him.

  “ The following day when I took the
one-twelve on the northbound run, secure-
ly fastened in a box which was hidden un-
der the coal in the tender was Mr. Possum.

  “As soon as we pulled out the fireman
uncovered the box which rested on the run-
ning-board.

  “ When we got to Centralia it was about
ten o’clock at night, and, for safe keeping,
we put the box containing the possum in
a narrow passageway that led from the ma-
chine-shop to the engine-house.

   “ The belt for the transmission of power
ran. through this passage at one side and the
other was just about three or four feet wide.
The box was placed back of and under the
belt where it would be out of the way.

  “ I had just finished washing up, after
doing a little tinkering around the engine,
when we heard the most infernal racket
from the vicinity of the machine-shop that
had ever been heard in that section and we
all hurried to see what in Sam Hill had
broken loose. There had been a couple of
pistol shots, followed by a hammering and
banging as though some one were trying to
beat down the wall with a maul.

Dennis’s Demon.

  “ Dennis McCarren had not long since
arrived from the old country, and his first
steady employment after arriving in Cen-
tralia was that of night watchman around
the machine-shop and power-house, having,
among other duties, that of looking after the
fires under the stationary boilers.

  “Now we had overlooked Dennis in our
calculations and, in fact, I do not think
that it had occurred to any of us that he
might never have seen a possum and was
unaware of the harmless nature of the ani-
mal, nor that the effect of a sudden meet-
ing might be disastrous.

   “ We hurried to the passageway as quick-
ly as possible, but before we got there Den-
nis stepped through the door and shouted:
“ ‘ Hurry up, byes. By the blessed Saint
Pathrick, if I haven’t killed the divil I’ve
murdered his brother.’

  “Poor, innocent possum. There he lay,
his head crushed by a board that Dennis
had wielded. The sentence of death had
been executed despite our strenuous efforts
to save his life.

  “ Dennis explained that as he was com-
ing through the passage he saw two balls
of green fire and he fired two shots and then
grabbing a stave that lay handy he pro-
ceeded to pound the two balls of fire as near
as he could by reaching under the belt. The
possum had worked out O- his box in some
manner and was just setting out on an
exploring expedition when he met Dennis.”
“Talking about animals,” said Spence,
REAL RAILROAD PERILS.

71

“as THE BOB-CAT PLUNGED OVERBOARD HE CAUGHT THE FIREMAN’S CAP."

“ I heard a story some years ago that was
a good one. How true it is I don’t know,
and, although I heard the names of the en-
ginelnen concerned, I have forgotten them
as well as the name of the road upon which
the affair occurred. The road was in the
West—through Colorado and New Mexico
—and has since been merged into one of
the large systems.”

  “Never mind the names,” said Watson,
“spin the yarn.”

In the Cab with a Bob-Cat.

  “ Some of you have probably heard the
story, and if so, you may remember the
names. As I heard the tale it was a case
of the trouble starting from a party of ten-
derfeet riding on a way freight down the
mountain. They had Winchesters and some
.44 Colt's, and, like all other tenderfeet, were
always popping away at something.

  “ It seems that as the train was pulling
around a sharp curve one of them spied a

bob-cat in a tree that leaned out over the
track.

  “ They banged away just as the engine
passed below, and the brute, with a cry,
sprang out from his roost and landed square
on the tank. Failing to get a hold, he lost
his balance and rolled down over the coal’
to the foot-plate. The engineer and fire-
man caught sight of him just as he got to
his feet and both of them got hustled out of
the cab onto the running-boards, slamming
the doors behind them.

  “ There they were, one on each side of
the boiler, holding on to the hand-rail, with
the engine tearing down the grade. The
animal nosed around the boiler-head for a
moment, but whether it did not like the
heat or for some other reason, it retreated
to the tank, spitting and snarling, and then
leaped to the roof of the cab.

  “ The engine was increasing its speed
every minute as it rolled down the steep
mountain grade, and when the engineer
heard the thump caused by the animal strik-
72

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

ing the roof of the cab he slipped back
inside to shoot on the air.

  “The fireman looked up just in time to
see the gray, furry brute about to spring for
him, and he started for the pilot in a hurry.
As he stepped onto the steam - chest from
the running-board, the beast shot from the
roof of the cab, clearing the steam-dome,
sand-box, and bell, and landing on top of
the boiler just back of the stack.

  “ He was unable to cling on, however,
and rolled off on the left side just as the
fireman swung down on the pilot-beam.

  “ As the bob-cat plunged overboard he
caught the fireman’s cap, taking it with him
as he rolled down the mountain-side into
the canon.

Deadheading a Panther.

  “When the train stopped at the next
station the engineer went ahead and found
the fireman bleeding from a long gash in
his scalp, very faint and weak. He was
almost on the point of collapse, while the
engineer himself was quite shaky.

  “ The whole occurrence, from the time
the bob-cat leaped from the tree to the
top of the tank until the train stopped, did
not exceed fifteen minutes. The train-crew
from engineman to conductor were mad.
as hornets, and they went after the three
tenderfeet hot and heavy, telling them that
if they wanted to hunt any more bob-cats
they must do it either on horseback or afoot,
for they would not under any circumstances
allow any more gunning at wild animals
from the train.”

  “ That reminds me of a story Hank
Johnson, who is railroading down in Mex-
ico, told during his recent visit to the
States,” said Watson.

  “According to Hank, a box-car was
standing on the siding at Micos station on
the Tampico division of the Mexican Cen-
tral, being loaded with ties, when a number
of mozos and greasers who were at work
heard the scream of a panther or mountain
lion, as it is known out there.

  “The track runs around the foot of the
mountain, and just below Micos enters the
canon of the Rio El .Salto del Abra de
Caballeros. At Micos the line lies on a
sort of bench or terrace at the foot of the
mountain, which rises almost perpendicu-
larly for a thousand feet. The slope is
not inaccessible to good climbers, but it
is so steep that few attempt the ascent.

“There is just room enough on this ledge

for the main line, the siding, and a small
depot. Beyond this the cliff drops down
probably a hundred feet to the river, whose
waters are a vivid emerald green.

  “ Across the river another mountain rises
equally, if not more, precipitous, with the
result that the gorge is gloomy and for a
great portion of the day in semi-twilight.

  “ The panther was across the track from
the point where the peons were working,
but they could not see him; they did not
know which way to run. While they were
huddled together in terror, the long, cat-
like beast leaped on top of the box-car and
shot down into the group of frightened men,
knocking them right and left.

  “While he was standing over the pros-
trate body of a greaser, however, one mozo
plucked up courage enough to swipe the
brute with a handspike. The panther at
once turned his attention to his new foe,
who scrambled over the pile of ties in an
attempt to get into the box-car, but he
tripped and fell, rolling under the car just
as the panther, with a roar, leaped for him.

  “As the mozo rolled under the car the
panther went into it, crashing against the
opposite side with a blow that must have
given him a headache.

  “ Quick as a flash, the agent, who was
a Mexican, slammed the car door shut and
promptly sealed it. Then he wired head-
quarters that the car was loaded, andjn
return was instructed to bill it to Aguas
Calientes, where it would be picked up by
the west-bound way-freight.

  “As a matter of fact, the car was not
more than half loaded, but the agent evi-
dently believed that they needed a moun-
tain iion out at Aguas Calientes more than
they did ties.

When the Door Was Opened.

  “ McCranie picked up the car and pulled
out. Nothing occurred to excite suspicion
until the train stopped at Rascon, when
McCranie, who was passing on his way
from the way-car to the depot, heard a
thumping noise inside the car.

  “He listened, but was unable to deter-
mine just what species of live-stock was
inside, and contented himself by remarking
to the vardmaster at Tamasopa that the
trainmen, if called on to look after the
consignment, would do well to be very care-
ful when they opened the car door.

  “ The vardmaster looked at the way bills,
and seeing nothing but ties specified, con-
REAL RAILROAD PERILS.

73

eluded that some prowling animal, possibly
a skunk or a coon, had taken refuge in the
car and been accidentally locked in, so he
concluded to say nothing about it.

    “ The trainmen who took the car up the
  mountain from Tamasopa to Cardenas
  heard the animal stirring around, but as the
  %rute, for some reason, made but little noise,
  no suspicion that they were carrying any-
  thing more harmful than a raccoon occurred
  to them.

    “The car was duly delivered at Aguas
 Calientes, and was shoved down on a track
 in a little-used part of the yard until its
 contents should-be needed. The car stood
 on this siding three or four days, and then
 the order came to unload and stack the ties.

    “ The seal was broken
  and the door rolled back,
  when, with a roar that	L

  startled the entire crowd,
  the panther sprang out,
  leaping over the heads of the yardmen and
  landing thirty feet away.

    “ He did not stop to show fight or argue,
  ' but, with another angry scream, bounded
  across the yard, and before any one could
  make a move he was heading for tall tim-
  ber in long, graceful leaps. By the time
  the yardmen fully realized what sort of
  animal had been cooped up in that box-
  car the brute was well out of sight.

   “ It was a long time before any one found
out how that mountain-lion got into the
car, and, as far as Hank knew, the affair
never got to the ears of any official higher
than the yardmaster.

  “Five or six days in a sealed box-car
was evidently enough to tame the fighting
spirit of the panther, though, so far as
known, none of the train or yard men had
any desire to halt him.”

  “During my kid days,” said Mike, “I

lived at St. James, Missouri. At that time
the Frisco was known as the Atlantic and
Pacific, and extended from St. Louis to a
point beyond Rolla, possibly as far as
Springfield.

   “St. Janies at that time was, though only

"THE LONG CAT-LIKE BEAST
SHOT INTO THE GROUP."
74

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

HE DID NOT STOP TO SHOW FIGHT OR ARGUE.

a small hamlet, quite an important ship-
ping point for the Meramec Iron Works,
which were located six or eight miles south
at the head of the Meramec River.

  “The shipments consisted of iron ore,
both red and blue hematite, though the red
predominated, and of pig-iron. A consid-
erable amount of the ore was reduced by
furnaces there and run into pig-iron.

In the Heart of the Ozarks.

  “ The Meramec River boils up at the foot
of a mountain, the spring probably having
a diameter of thirty feet. The water is icy
cold, very clear, it being possible to see a
pin on the gravel bottom .at a depth of
twelve feet.

  “The water boils up with tremendous
force, so strong that a stone pitched into
the center of the spring will be hurled up-
ward and outward until it falls to the bot-
tom at the margin. The river proper is
probably less than twenty feet wide, and
flows with a strong, stiff current, which at
that time, along in the early seventies, was
utilized to drive air-pumps which furnished
the blast for the furnaces.

  “ One of the great pastimes or sports at
that time was possum-hunting. The whites
as well as the negroes were fond of possum.

and prepared as they used to cook it, and
with sweet potatoes roasted in the pan, was
a dish fit for any one.

  “ The trouble in these days with possum-
meat is that few knew how to properly
cook it so as to eliminate the greater portion
of the oily fat.

  “ One evening in November, before the
snows came and when the air was crisp
and frosty, a part)' was made up of engine-
men, yardmen, and the wipers who were on
day duty. I, though only a lad, employed
as a messenger, was occasionally permitted
to help wipe an engine, much to my delight,
for at that time I thought a locomotive was
the noblest work of man’s hands.

  “ I sought and obtained permission to
accompany the party. We piled on to a
string of empty ore-wagons returning from
St. James to the mines, and reached the fur-
naces about six o’clock.

  “We got supper at one of the company’s
boarding-houses, and then, having secured
a couple of darkies as guides, we set out
about eight o’clock at night.

  “ One of the party was a freight con-
ductor named Hughes, who wore a full,
black beard. The others were an engineer
named Peters, a fireman named Jackson, two
brakemen named Palmer and Craig, a wiper
known as ‘ Schniitty,’ and myself.
REAL RAILROAD PERILS.

75

  “ The route we took was up the river to
the spring and thence up into the timber on
the mountain. By midnight we had cap-
tured eight possums, and had decided to
turn back to the Meramec, when a long,
wailing cry, like a woman’s scream, echoed
through the forest.

  “ 1 Dat am a painter, boss,’ one of the
darkies said to Hughes, who, by tacit con-
sent, had been recognized as the leader of
the party, ‘ an’ we had best be diggin' out
of heah.’

  “ ‘ Are you sure that is a panther ? It
may be some woman who needs our help.’

  “ ‘ ’Deed, boss, dat ar ain’ no ’ooman. I
done knows a painter’s screech. Dat var-
min’ has got our scent and he doan’ know
jes whar we are, so he hollers dat away to
make us answer, and den he gits us located.
Jus’ wait a minit and you'll hear him holler
and he’ll be nearer to us.’

  “ Even as he spoke, the second wailing
cry was heard, and it was undeniably
nearer.

  “The party hustled down the mountain,
no man standing upon the order of his
going, but all went at once, sliding, run-
ning, tumbling, and rolling—any way to
get down.

  “ We reached a spot on the side of the
mountain immediately above the spring.
We had lost the trail, but no one was anx-
ious to spend time in looking for it, though
we knew the side of the mountain above the
spring was so steep as to be almost precip-
itous and footing was exceedingly difficult
to obtain or to retain when obtained.

  “ We were nearly to the bottom when an-
other scream rang out, not the wailing cry
as heard before, but the angry, snarling
scream of a hungry panther.

  “Hughes was in the lead, and he was
so startled that he slipped, lost his footing,
and went rolling down the mountain, bump-
ing against trees that he vainly endeavored
to grasp; turning over and over, until he
finally shot out feet first, landing almost
in the center of the spring.

  “ He was shot upward by the rushing
water, and went bobbing along with the
torrent for several minutes, until he was
finally washed ashore at the head of the
river, still hanging on to his possum.

  “The rest of us stumbled along down
the mountain, but, more fortunate than
Hughes, we managed to control our descent,
and soon reached a piece of level ground
at the margin of the spring, not far from

the outlet and not many feet from the spot
where Hughes was scrambling to his feet.

  “ A few yards of lively sprinting brought
us into the'open, where, in the full flare of
the blast-furnaces, we felt a good deal safer.

  “ The scream of the panther had been
heard in the village, and had brought out
a number of the teamsters, miners, and
furnace-men, who, armed with rifles and
shotguns, came hurrying toward us.

  “ We were all too much excited and
frightened to give an intelligent account of
our experiences, but when they finally heard
that the panther was somewhere near the
top of the mountain above the spring, they
decided it was useless to go after him that
night.

  “ However, they drew off a short distance
into the open where the)- could command
the fringe of trees for a quarter of a mile
either way, and closely watched for the
brute to show himself.

  “They said that the panther had prob-
ably scented the blood of the possums we
had killed, and would be apt to follow our
trail clear to the edge of the clearing if
he was as hungry as his actions would
indicate.

  “ Hughes went to the boarding-house,
where he put on some dry clothes one of the
furnace-men loaned him, and he then re-
joined the rest of us, who strung out about
twelve or fifteen feet apart along the edge
of the forest, behind the works. At some-
body’s suggestion, the carcass of one of the
possums was left lying on the bank.

  “Nothing more was heard until almost
daylight, when a scream rang out and al-
most at the same instant a dark form
sprang from the shadows close to where
lay the dead possum.

  “Half a dozen rifles suddenly cracked,
but the beast still came forward toward us.
Before he had covered half the distance,
however, he fell forward and rolled over
on his side, biting at the grass and clawing
convulsively. Then he died.

  “ The day was just dawning, so we wait-
ed until broad daylight before approaching
the prostrate panther in order to make sure
that he was really dead. On examining
him we found five bullets in his head and
body and one in his left foreleg.

  “ He was a magnificent specimen and
measured over twelve feet in length from
the tip of the nose to the end of the tail.
His skin was given to Hughes, who had
it made into a rug.”
 A SHOCKING AFFAIR.

BY AUGUSTUS WITTFELD.

               Dugan Finds an Image Which Has Normal
               Notions So Long as It Is Not Up-Ended.

PEAKING of the superstitious	rested on the graven images and jimcracks,

practises of the East and of her	he nearly fell from grace,

idolatrous ways,” said Dugan to	“ ‘ What the nation kind of junk is this

the theological student, “reminds	to expect a self-respecting, church-going en-

me of a weird and wool-raising	gineer to transport?’ he grumbled. ‘When

incident that occurred out West,	the S. I. X. road takes to tearing a lot of

when I was feeding the furnace	heathen idols from their proper resting-place

on an engine on the S. I. X. line.	behind the portals of the past, it’s time for

“We were pulling freight across the prai-	me to get a job as motorman oh a trolley-

rie, and about fifty miles from nowhere the	car. Why, that outfit of right-worshipful

rails spread and wrecked three or four of	Willies is enough to wreck the whole system.’

our cars. In all my experience, I have never	“ He went tramping around among the

seen such complete demolition of rolling-	scattered idols, making cursory remarks to

stock as accompanied that trifling accident,	the different deities of the past. Presently

“There was one car, in particular, the	he saw one that struck his fancy, and he

contents of which were evidently consigned	picked it up. Coming up to me, he exhib-

to some museum in the East, that looked as	ited the darndest specimen of primitive

if it had made a bid for an honorary degree	sculpture I have ever laid eyes on.

in the order of junk. The car itself was	“The thing was about eighteen inches

smashed to smithereens, while the cases with	high, and looked as if it had been carved

which it had been loaded were bruised, bat-	• out of some hard, black stone. Its attitude

tered, and busted.	was something between that of a gladiator

“Their contents were scattered over the	and a base-ball pitcher in action, while its

prairie in a manner that would have given	garb was what you might expect to behold

the claim-agent cardiac syncope, and the	on an Adonis di ZSIilo who had just received

green sward was strewn with a heterogeneous	an encore for the dance of the seven veils,

conglomeration of images, idols, totem-poles,	“ A serpent of the d. t. order, which did

and so on. The assortment, no doubt, rep-	duty as a girdle, accentuated the paucity of

resented the labors of one of those archeo-	wardrobe, while its expression resembled

logical academicians who go around poking	that of a bleacherite voicing his disapproval

their noses into the affairs of those who are	of the umpire’s ultimatum. All in all, the

dead and gone and can’t resent it.	toot onsomble was first-class to the bad.

“ Soubers, the engineer, was a man whom	“‘You’re a nice-looking, gentle little

I had every reason to believe had either	primeval specimen to be the recipient of

missed his calling or else nature had jug-	adoration and devotion,’ said Soubers, bal-

gled the signals and sidetracked him. He	ancing the idol on his palm in an upright

never told me how he came to take up loco-	position. He gazed at it critically, and then,

motive engineering, but it was my private	taking hold of it at either end, he turned it

opinion that he was a by-product of a theo-	in different positions, examining it as a call-

logical seminary.	boy might examine his first pay envelope.

“When he went back to hold a post	“‘If I had a disposition like yours,’ he

mortem on his defunct cars, and his eyes	said, continuing his effrontery, ‘ I’d hire out

76
A SHOCKING AFFAIR.

77

as a before-taking example'and get rid of it.
You’re short on beauty and long on home-
liness, and you haven’t sense enough to
cover. You look to me like a harbinger of
hate, and—wow! Holy smoke! What you
getting into action about? ’ and he threw
the idol from him like an athlete trying for
a record.

   “ ‘ What’s the matter? ’ I inquired.

   “ 1 Matter? •’ he rasped. ‘ Say, that statue
has got Tom Edison hunting for a taxider-
mist to have his skin readjusted^-- It just
handed me a million volts.’

  “‘Say, Soubers,’ I advised, ‘just stick
your fingers in your ears so your brains
won’t ooze out. How in the nation could
you get an electric shock out in this virgin
vicinity? ’

  “ ‘ How could I get it ? ’ he asked sav-
agely. ‘ I got it shaking hands across the
chasm of the past with an idol from the
inferno. Fondling a freak fetish from the
fetid fossa of the past. I got it nursing a
nature-faking deity from the Olympus of
the protoplasmic Pantheon of paganism.
That’s how I got it.’

  “‘Aw, go on,’ I commented. ‘You’re
suffering from an acute imagination and an
overburdened vocabulary. Who ever heard
of an innocent statue being charged with
statuetic electricity ? ’

  “Well, we argued it out pro and con, but
I couldn’t convince him he was wrong. Fi-
nally, when the track was cleared of the
wreckage, Soubens got courageous and
picked up the idol on a coal-shovel and
carried it to his cab, where he stood it in a
corner of his seat.

. “ When everything was in shape, we pro-
ceeded on our interrupted journey, leaving
the scattered collection of idols, etc., for the
wrecking-crew to salvage. We were hitting
it up at a lively pace to make up for lost
time, when, on looking at the idol reposing
on the leather-covered divan, I conceived the
idea of getting Soubers’s nanny.

  “‘Say, Soubers,’ I remarked, ‘just re-
quest that Willieken of yours to stop flirting.
If it winks at me again, I’ll bat it one with
my coal-shovel.’

  ‘“What’s eating you? Who ever heard
of an innocent idol making eyes? ’ he asked,
paraphrasing my previous remark. ‘ You
are evidently suffering from an overgrown
imagination if you interpret a stony stare
into an ophthalmic amatory signal.

  “ * Why, that innocent cuss is a demon
de luxe, a vade mecum of wickedness, and

an epitome of all that is villainous. If any
of our ancestors ever prayed to that dinky
devil, I’ll bet it was to invoke his malefic
influence towards their enemies.

   “ ‘ He is a bad man of a bygone age, and
—gee whiz! There you go ag’in! ’ he yelled,
as the object of his wrath rolled off the seat

-	I fetched him one on the tibia.

   " For a moment he nursed his bruised
shin, then he stooped and picked up the
fallen idol. Taking it in both hands, he
essayed to send it flying through the cab-
.window; but it didn’t fly, for the simple
reason that Soubers suddenly froze into in-
action like a statue doing the classic pose,
while his eyes were fixed on the ancient and
honorable with a fascinated look of fear.

   “ ‘ Say, Soubers,’ I asked, ‘ why that atti-
tude of winged victory ? ’

   “ ‘ Dugan, you shrimp,’ he cried, ‘ why
don’t you do something? Can’t you see
that I’m working for a release from this
dynamic attachment? ’

   “ I grasped the idol with my good right
hand and tried to wrest it from his grasp,
but he held on to it like grim death. Finally
I gave it a twist upward, and Soubers re-
leased his hold quicker than a base-ball
manager releases a bum player. I stood it
up again in its little corner and turned to
Soubers.

  “ ‘ Guess you’re convinced now,’ he
growled. ‘ Oh, no, innocent little idols don’t
do anything but idle. They don’t shock
you; they don’t wink at comparative stran-
gers, nor hand you a writ of attachment like
a constable. I wish I had never laid eyes
on the enchanted emblem.’

   “ I made no reply, for I had begun to look
upon that impish image with a certain
amount of awe. It would not have sur-
prised me if the statuette had joined in the
conversation and rebuked Soubers for his
lack of reverence.

   “We eventually pulled into the terminus
at Sleepy Siding without further incident.
Soubers lived there, and I boarded with him.

  “ ‘ What you going to do with your
friend?>’ I asked, after we had run the en-
gine into the shed.

   “1 What am I going to do with it ? ’ he
replied. ‘ I’ve half a mind to get out my
iconoclastic hammer and smash it, but, to
tell the truth, I’m half afraid. Guess I’d
better take it Lome and treat it like one of
the family. Build it a shrine and offer it
my devoirs—I don’t think.’

   “1 Say, Soubers,’ I remonstrated, ‘ you
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

wouldn’t think of harboring that fractious
fetish under your roof-tree? What do you
want to do—hoodoo the homestead ? ’

  “1 No,’ he replied. ‘ I wish to make a
study of the psychic phenomenon as promul-
gated by the pagan prestidigitator. I want
to spring it on the boys and see if any of
them get stung. After this, whenever h:
lordship gets into action, I’m going to occup/
the auditorium and not the center of the
stage. I’ve had mine, all right, and after
this I’m going to root for the right-worship-
ful trouble-maker.’

  “ Soubers made a noose with a piece of
cord and, passing it over the image’s head,
drew it tight around the neck. Then we
started for home, with Soubers dangling the
troublesome trinket at the end of the cord.
On the main street, we met Professor Knowit,
who had gone East some time before to lo-
cate his health, which had eluded him. The
professor was accompanied by a bull-pup
which was a great joy of ugliness.

  “As we stopped to indulge in persiflage,
the pup spied the dangling demigod and
went smelling around it. Soubers gave the
cord a quick jerk, and one of the good points
of that idol perforated the pug-nose of the
pug-pup. The dog emitted a howl, and
went scooting down the street like an ocean
dash-hound, with his steering-gear set for a
straight course.

  “ ‘ Bless my soul!' said the professor,
eying the idol. ‘ What have you there,
Soubers ? ’

     Oh, just an ornament I’ve taken a fan-
cy to,’ replied Soubers.

   “1 It looks like an idol of the early ages,’
■remarked the professor. ' May I examine
it, Soubers?’

   “ Soubers handed it to the professor, who
took it and examined it critically.

   “ ‘ I can’t make it out,’ he said. ‘ It might
be a Shamnist idol, but I am not sure the
Shamnists included idols in their ceremonies.
Shamanism, as you are no doubt aware,
consists of making offerings to evil spirits
to propitiate them. It is said to have been
practised by the older Tartar races, and
still flourishes in some parts of Siberia.
This is a very interesting specimen,’ he con-
tinued. ‘ May I ask why you were carrying
it in such a peculiar manner?’

   “ Soubers related his thrilling experiences,
while the professor listened attentively.

   “ * Very curious,’ he commented as Soubers
finished, ‘ but, no doubt, due to some natural
cause.’

  “ ‘ Say, professor,’ I remarked, butting
into the conversation, 1 take the image in both
hands and hold it horizontally, and see what
happens.’

  “ The professor did as I advised, watch-
ing the idol closely and awaiting develop-
ments. Suddenly he. began to orate. I had
thought Soubers’s remarks were eloquent,
but that bally engineer was in the kinder-
garten class alongside of Professor Knowit.
I’m not up on classical language, conse-
quently I couldn’t interpret the professor’s
remarks, but, judging from the detonation
of his voice, I’ll bet that no stenographer
could have kept up with him.

  “ When I could interject a remark, I
yelled for the professor to up-end her. He
did as I advised, and his oration stopped so
sudden you’d thought his air-brakes had
jammed.

  “ ‘ Bless my soul! ’ he remarked when he
had recovered his poise. ‘ I must send an
account of this to Professor Curio. His par-
ticular hobby is the study of idols. I am
sure he will be deeply interested. In the
meantime, Soubers, I would advise you to
take good care of the idol. The professor
may be interested to the extent of buying it
from you at a good figure.’

  “ ‘ Well, professor,’ commented Soubers,
‘ if I can get a good figure, I’ll be willing to
overlook what I've suffered at its hands.’

  “ The professor suddenly remembered his
dog, and started to hunt it up, again cau-
tioning Soubers to be careful of the idol.
Soubers and I continued our interrupted
homeward journey, and when we reached
our destination, Soubers placed the image
on the mantelpiece in the living-room.

  “Well, nothing happened for some time,
except that the family tabby developed a
strong aversion to the room, and the mantel-
clock developed symptoms of the hook-worm
and loafed on the job.

  “ Then, one night, a number of the boys
came around for a game of cards. A fellow
named Curran spied the dynamic demon.

  “ ‘ Say, Soubers,’ he inquired, 1 where did
you get the punk-looking ornament?’

   “ ‘ That,’ replied Soubers, ‘ is an idol that
was held in high esteem by the Salamanders
of old. It was reputed to possess marvelous
powers, and the Salamanders are said to have
made long pilgrimages to gaze upon its bea-
tific countenance.’

  “‘Gosh,’ said Curran, ‘they must have
been a lot of mutts. Just imagine any one
with a grain of intelligence trailing over the
A SHOCKING AFFAIR.

79

veldt to look at a dinky imp like that. Why,
any half-cut Italian image-maker could beat
that for looks with his eyes shut. The fel-
low who made that didn’t know anything
about art.’

  “‘ That’s not art, Curran,' remarked Sou-
bers; ‘it’s archeology, and it is of vital in-
terest to the student of- the early forms of
worship.’

  “ Curran hitched his chair back against
the wall and gazed at the idol critically.

     Say, Soubers,’ he protested, ‘you don't
mean to tell me that anybody ever worshiped
that dinky devil? Say, the man who made
that thing must have had a grouch against
the beautiful. Anybody who could make
anything as homely as that didn’t possess
soul enough to worship anything. I’ve been
in a good many art galleries and museums,
but I’ve never seen anything anywhere that
w£s so many points good to the bad. It’s
the homeliest specimen of—’

  “The balance of Curran’s remarks was
lost in a crash, as the framed picture of
Soubers’s second wife's first husband fell
from the wall and, landing square on Cur-
ran’s head, swelled around his neck like an
Elizabethan ruff.

  “ Soubers rolled from his chair ill an ec-
stasy of delight. No doubt he appreciated
the humor of the situation, looking at it as
an uninterested onlooker.

  “‘Go it, O, wrathful one!’ he cried.
‘ Don’t let ’em malign you! Don’t let ’em
traduce your fair name! ’

  “ Curran arose in his wrath. ‘ Say, Sou-
bers,’ he cried, ‘ if I thought that blasted
bauble had any hand in framing me up like
a set of resolutions, I'd annihilate it. I
don’t see why you want to turn your home
into a joss-house.’

  “‘That’s all right, Curran,’ said Soubers.

* Don’t say I didn't warn you. Let’s play
cards.’

  “ Soubers hunted up the pasteboards while
Curran divested himself of his decoration,
and the five of us pulled up to the table and
started a game of penny ante.

  “ Soubers dealt, and everybody stayed in.
We all took cards, and then the betting
started. I dropped out earl}- in the pro-
ceedings, and the other two shortly followed,
leaving Curran and Soubers to decide it.

  “The betting was of the Gatling gun or-
der, and when the show-down finally came
on Curran’s call, Soubers had three kings
and a pair of aces, while Curran had three
aces and a pair of kings. They looked at

the cards in silence and then gazed at one
another reproachfully, and finally Curran
remarked:

  “ ‘ Say, Soubers, what kind of revised ver-
sion of King James’s authorized edition are
you ringing in on us? That dominant fifth
and that butting-in king don’t belong in a
regular railroad poker deck.’

  “‘Well, I’ll be blowed! ’ apologized Sou-
bers, examining the cards. ‘Darned if I
didn’t get hold of a pinochle deck. That's
what you get, Curran, for wakening the
slumbering statue.’

  “ ‘ Say, boys,’ suggested Kinney, who sat
facing the idol, ‘ I move that we banish thej
joker from the mantelpiece. I think that
darned image is a hoodoo.’

  “ The rest of those amateur card sharps
concurred. If there is anything a card-
player is long on, it’s superstition.

     Kinney,’ said Soubers, ‘ as the maker
of the resolution, it’s up to you to do the
transporting. Take his highness out and
put him on the porch.’

  “Kinney did as directed, and the game
proceeded without any further .evidence of
vaudeville. When the boys were ready to
depart, Soubers asked Kinney to bring in
the outcast. Kinney went out to do the
escort act, and in a few minutes returned,
saying that the idol was gone.

  “Not a trace of it in evidence. We all
went out to investigate, and Curran, who was
still feeling sore over the moving-picture
act, asked Soubers whether he didn’t con-
sider it unfilial for the idol to do the prodigal
stunt.

     Curran,’ replied Soubers, ‘ don’t you
worry. That idol will come back all right.
You couldn’t divorce that thing from me
if you worked the Reno divorce machinery
overtime! ’

  “ The boys went home, and we turned in.
The next morning Soubers was ordered to
take a string of empties to Juniper Junction,
about thirty miles away.

  “We made about two-thirds of the run
without incident, but when we entered a deep
ravine which an early seismic disturbance
had created especially for the benefit of the
S. I. X. road, the lid came off of the trouble-
box.

  “First it was an overheated journal, then
the bituminous went on the bum, and, final-
ly, a coupling broke, and consequently the
train parted.

  “ As we were running back to pick up the
severed section, I heard a crash up among
80

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

the trees which lined the sides of the ravine.
The next instant a boulder weighing about
half a ton crashed through the roof of the
forward car of the bunch we had left be-
hind.

  “Almost simultaneously something shot
out of the trap-door in the roof at the rear
end of the car — shot out as if it had a
date on Mars and meant to keep it. I fixed
my eyes on the object, and discovered that it
was a hobo making a rapid rise in the world.

  “Talk about your Curtisses and your
Wrights! That fellow was sure some at
soaring. I watched him with interest, and,
as I watched, I realized that he held some-
thing in his right hand. ,

  “On looking closely, I recognized the
object as that Billiken of a bygone age. I
heaved a sigh of relief as he and the idol
landed in the branches of a tree that looked
to be about fifty feet up the side of the
ravine.

  “I called up to him and inquired if he
was hurt, but he advised me to take a trip
that is not on any railroad schedule.

   “ As the elevated errant did not seem in-
clined to be sociable, we pulled out after
making connections, and left him roosting
with his partner in iniquity. We reached
Juniper Junction all right, and when we
opened the box-car to size up the damage,
we -discovered the cause of the eruptive
hobo’s skyward scoot.

  “A long plank ran along the length of
the car, with its center resting on several
railroad ties, while the boulder rested solidly
on one end.

  “We put two and two together with a
mental coupling-pin, and figured that the
aviating hobo had been holding down the
other end when the boulder intruded on his
privacy; hence his hasty exit.

  “ When we got back to Sleepy Siding we
found Professor Knowit awaiting us.

  ‘“Bless my soul!’ he ejaculated. ‘I’ve
just received a telegram from my colleague,
Professor Curio, saying that he will arrive
here this evening. No doubt his visit has
to do with the idol, about which I wrote him
last week. You have it safe, Soubers?’

  “‘Safe?’ said Soubers. ‘Oh, yes, it’s
safe, all right. Why, that image could
travel through Dante’s inferno in safety.
It’s fire-proof, fool-proof, an A No. 1 risk
for any accident insurance company.’

  “ ‘ Bless my soul! Quite so! ’ agreed
Knowit. ‘ I will bring the professor up to
your place immediately he arrives.’

  “ As lie left us, Soubers looked at me and
growled:

  “‘Here’s a pretty mess. Just as that
blooming idol might have been worth some-
thing to me, and paid me back for all the
indignities I’ve suffered at its hands, a
darned trampologist comes along and swipes
it. If old Professor Curiosity comes along
on schedule, he’ll have me drawing on my
imagination for an explanation. Let's hike
for home.’

  “We reached home and, after supper,
Soubqrs and I adjourned to the living-room.
We were trying to fix up some scheme to get
out of the predicament the hypothecating
hobo had gotten us into, when Soubers sud-
denly began to emit samples of language
which I am sure he never acquired in a
theological school.

  “ I was beginning to wonder whether he
had softening of the brain or ossification of
his morals, when he pointed a trembling
finger toward the mantelpiece. I looked in
that direction, and darn me if there wasn’t
that back-number idol grinning from his old
stand as though nothing had happened since
the year 2000 b.c.

  “ I was looking at it in amazement, and
was on the point of asking Soubers to throw
something at it, when Mrs. Soubers came
into the room. No doubt she took in the
tensely dramatic situation, for she asked
Soubers what was the matter.

  “ ‘ Matter? ’ said Soubers. ‘ Oh, nothing.
Of course, it is the most natural thing in
the world for a man to return home and find
that sinful statuette extending him the glad
hand. It doesn't count for anything that a
confounded hobo walked off with it to the
seclusion of the forest.

  “ ‘ It doesn’t signify that we saw that
same hobo doing a sky-scraping soar with
the affectionate image locked in his loving
embrace. Nothing counts for anything, ex-
cept the fact that the image is here to give
us welcome. How in the Harry did it get
here ? ’

  “ Soubers’s second half looked at him as
though she suspected he had been to a booze-
bund, and remarked crisply:

  “ ‘ If some people wouldn’t be so careless
about things, they wouldn’t get lost or mis-
laid. It's a wonder to me you don’t lose
your engine when you take it out.’

  “‘Where did you find it?’ asked
Soubers.

  “‘ I found it in the flower-bed in front of
the house, where it rolled when that tallow-
A SHOCKING' AFFAIR.

81

pot Kinney knocked it off the porch when
he went out for it. Railroad men are like
children—they need a lot of waiting on,’
and she flounced out of the room.

  “ ‘ Say, Dugan,’ asked Soubers, ‘ what
kind of a hokey-pokey game is this, any-
way? Last night Kinney takes his royal
highness out on the porch for an airing,
and when we want to bring him in he’s gone.
Then we see him in disreputable company,
this morning, thirty miles from here. When
we get back, here he is, waiting to extend
us the iin of free-masonry.’

  “ Before I had time to answer, there was
a knock at the door. Soubers opened it,
and Professor Knowit entered, accompanied
by a short, stout man, whom he introduced
as Professor Curio.

  “We shook hands, and the professor
asked Soubers whether he had the idol.

  “ Soubers said he wasn’t sure, but he
thought it was standing on the mantelpiece.

  “ The professor walked over and, after
looking at it for a moment, he reached up
and took it down. He looked at it curi-
ously for a minute or so, then remarked:

  “ ‘ Why, Mr. Soubers, this is the real
idol.’

  “ ‘ The real idol! ’ exclaimed Soubers.
‘ Well, I guess it is. That idol is about the
realest thing I ever came in contact with.
It’s got all other real things looking like
rank imitations. I don’t know much about
idolatry, but it strikes me that that statue is
the patron saint of realism in all its reality.’
You do not understand,’ said the pro-
fessor. ‘ I came here expecting to find a
replica of this idol, but, instead, I find the
original, which has been missing from my
collection for the last three months. From
what my friend, Professor Knowit, has writ-
ten and told me, the trick idol must have
been in your possession. Where is it?’
“‘Search me,’ replied Soubers. ‘I’ve
traveled some speedy in my time, but when
I try to follow the pace set by that idol it’s
got me classified in the green turtle group.’
“Just at that moment Curran came walk-
ing in unannounced. As he advanced to
the center of the room, lie said:

  “‘Soubers, here’s your statue of servi-
tude. I thought you'd be glad to get it
back.’

  “Professor Curio advanced. Relieving
Curran of the idol, he placed it on the table
alongside the other. It was a dead ringer
for the other one, and as Soubers caught
sight of the two, he gasped:

    6	RR

  “‘Twins, by heck! I always thought
there was too much original sin attached to
that thing for one idol. Where did you get
the other one, Curran ? ’

  “‘Well,’ said Curran, ‘we were coming
down the road this afternoon, and up beyond
that cut where the branch runs to Juniper
Junction, I saw a hobo sitting alongside the
track holding communion with that idol.

   “ ‘ I recognized it as your property, and
when the train stopped for the brakeman to
throw the switch, I went back and told that
hobo I wanted that idol. He seemed sur-
prised that anybody should want the idol,
but he handed it tdTne with the remark that
he didn't want anything more to do with it.

   “ ‘ He said lie had traveled with that idol
for three montFs on the best of terms, but
since last night it had done its level best to
electrocute him. I expressed my sympathy
and relieved him of the idol, for which he
showed his gratitude by striking me for a
quarter. But, say, where did this other one
come from ? ’

  “ Professor Curio laughed. ‘ Let me ex-
plain,’ he said. ‘ This idol which Mr. Sou-
bers had 011 the mantelpiece is the original
idol. I had it in my collection at the
university, but was much annoyed by the
students, who constantly borrowed it without
permission, or carried it off to serve as a
mascot at their base-ball games.

  “‘Finally I conceived the idea of having
the trick idol made. I had an Italian image-
maker cast me a duplicate of the original
from a hard composition. I took this du-
plicate, which was hollow, to an electrician,
and had him wire it and instal in it the
strongest battery he could procure.

   “ ‘ The battery was installed in such man-
ner that when the idol was standing the
circuit was closed, but immediately the idol
was placed or held in a horizontal position
the circuit was open, with the result that
any one who happened to be holding it
received a strong electric shock.

  “ ‘ The scheme worked to perfection and
broke the students of their pernicious habit.
Then the original was stolen some three
months ago. Until to-night, I had been
unsuccessful in locating it.’

   “ ‘ Say, professor,’ said Soubers, as the
professor finished, ‘ if it’s all the same to
you, I wish you would get those two dromios
out of here to-night. It was some to the
bad with one- around doing his solo act;
but with the Trouble Brothers doing a duet,
it’s time to get the hook.’
82

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ ‘ I will gladly do so, Mr. Soubers,’ re-
plied the professor, 1 on condition that you
allow me to pay you the reward of one hun-
dred dollars which I had offered for the
return of the genuine idol! ’

  “Soubers didn’t put up any strenuous
protest, and the professor handed him the
money. Then he gave Curran twenty-five
for recovering the trick idol, and the two
professors left us, accompanied by the mis-
chief-making manikins.”

  The theological student, who had listened
in silent attention to Dugan’s weird tale,
took a pad and pencil from his pocket and,
writing something on it, handed it to Dugan.
Dugan read it and smiled.

  “You want to know how the idols got
mixed?” he said. “Well, Soubers and I
talked that thing over, and we came to
the conclusion that the hobo came along

shortly after Kinney had placed the trouble-
maker on the front porch. He had the
original idol with him, and spying a good,
soft porch, lie sat, putting his idol down
alongside him. Probably he fell asleep, and
when he woke up he picked up the wrong
idol and then knocked the right one off the
porch in getting up. That seems to be the
only logical explanation.”

  The theological student reached for his
pad and wrote upon it just one word:

  “ Thanks.”

  Then, rising, he smiled and shook hands
with Dugan and walked away.

  “That fellow makes a dandy auditor,”
mused Dugan. “ There’s no butting in or
asking questions when you tell him a story.
But it’s a darned shame he sprained his
vocal cords rooting for his alma mater, and
had to cut out the gabfest.”

FULL FARE FOR

AN interurban railway in Pennsylvania has
__ caused to be painted on the interior of its
cars a narrow horizontal stripe, extending along
the sides and ends of the cars, at the fixed dis-
tance of forty-five inches from the floor. The
purpose of this line is to afford a gage as to the
height of juvenile pasengers, and all who measure
above the line when standing erect must pay full
fare, while all who have not grown up to the line
will be passed for half fare. The company has
thus abandoned the age limit as a means of de-
termining whether a child shall pay half or full

TALL CHILDREN.

fare, and when there are disputes in the future, the
conductor will courteously ask -llie child to stand
up and be measured. The height limit is really
a more rational gage for half fares than the age
limit, for the cost of transportation depends upon
the size and weight of the passenger; but the
suggestion is made in this connection that the
chief motive of the road in inaugurating the new
system was a concern because of the evil ex-
ample to the growing youth of the country in
hearing their parents break the ninth command-
ment.—The Railway and Engineering Review.

455,906,610 FREE TRANSFERS.

ALLOWING a ride of only half a mile on

-	each of the 455,960,610 transfers which the
L'nited States Census Bureau has set down in its
recent report, as issued for nothing annually on the
street railways in New York State, it is calcu-
lated that some 40,000 people could at the same
expense be hauled over the 3,000 miles from the
Empire State to California and back. One pas-
senger in every five who rides on the street-cars
is carried free on a transfer. Over every mile of
trolley track in New York State, an average of

115,000 people each year now receive free rides,
according to the latest reports of the public service
commissions, us well as the census returns. While
the issuance of transfers has increased in the
L^nitcd States eighty-eight per cent since 1902,
almost half a million of the more than two bil-
lion passengers carried on the trolleys of New
York State are known to have last year enjoyed
this fare-less form of transportation that has
grown over sixtv-two per cent in less than ten
years.

GOST OF STOPPING A TRAIN.

ACCORDING to Signal Engineer J. A, Pea-

-	body, of the Chicago and Northwestern
Railway, who investigated the matter on his own
line, the cost of stopping a train of 530 tons and
returning to a speed of fifty miles an hour is 42
cents. The cost of stopping a 2,000-ton train
from thirty-five miles an hour is SI. The officials

of another road estimate each slop of a six-car
passenger-train from forty-five miles an hour at
35 cents, and for a 1.500-ton train from fifteen
miles an hour at 56 cents. The time that is lost
for making a stop on a level straight track has
been estimated at 145 seconds by careful en-
gineers,—Buffalo News.
Traffic Troubles of a Big City.

BY EDWIN MORRIS.

THE man from the country who marvels at the wonders of the metropolis)
with its myriads of bright lights, its wonderful rapid systems and its
thousand and one wheels within wheels that apparently keep turning
with the regularity of a well-balanced machine, seldom understands how the
slipping of one cog in the mechanism will throw a large portion of the com-
munity into a state bordering on complete helplessness.

    A rise or fall of temperature, a misdirected stroke of a pick in a subway
tunnel, or some odd combination of circumstances occurring in a big city,
often causes as much discomfort and suffering as a cyclone or a blizzard. Mis-
haps, seemingly too trivial to consider, frequently disrupt the lives of thou-
sands of people.

Comfort and Welfare of Numerous City Dwellers May Be Affected by the
Weather or Some Tiny Piece of Steel or
Bundle of Wires.

IT was the rush hour in the morning,
  and the trains were running
  through the New York Subway,
  packed with all the passengers
  they could hold. A hundred
  and fifty passengers to a car,
  eight cars to a train, and trains only a min-
  ute apart.

  Suddenly every car between Grand
Central Station and Thirty-Third Street '
stopped. The lights went out, and not a
passenger could even see his hand before
his face. The loud grinding of wheels
had given way to the low voices of pas-
sengers.

  Everybody was speculating as to what
had happened.

  Only the six trains that chanced to be
between Grand Central and Thirty-Third
Street were at first affected, but each min-
ute that passed brought to a standstill four
more trains—two north bound and two
south bound. Each minute of waiting in
the darkness of the tunnel increased the
concern of the passengers.

  Some of the timid ones wanted to get out

83

and risk their lives picking their way over
the heavily charged third-rails to the near-
est station, but the guards resolutely stood
by the closed doors and would let none
pass.

  Five minutes elapsed, and twenty-six
trains were standing still. With an average
of twelve hundred passengers to a train,
there were now thirty-one thousand men
and women in the darkness wondering what
had happened.

Tying Up a City’s Population.

  Still no wheel turned. Six minutes, sev-
en minutes, eight minutes. Trains were
piling up like bits of driftwood against a
log in a swift stream. Close to forty-six
thousand passengers had been halted—
more men and women than there are in-
habitants of Mobile, Alabama, or Lincoln,
Nebraska.

  During the tenth minute the light flared
forth from the electric bulbs in each car,
the motormen of the first trains turned on
the power, and the wheels moved. In half
84

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

an hour the congestion had been relieved
and trains were again running at regular
schedules.

  But while the power was off, on the
short stretch between Grand Central and
Thirty-Third Street, forty-six trains, bear-
ing fifty-five thousand passengers, had
been stopped. It was as if every man,
woman, and child in Salt Lake City or
Duluth had suddenly been imprisoned in a
dark tunnel.

  What had happened? Nothing much.
An Italian laborer who was working on
the tracks near Thirty - Third Street had
been a little careless in throwing down his
crowbar.

  The bar had struck an emergency device
that was intended, in case of need, to shut
off the current between the two stations.

Results of One Sleet-Storm.

   Nobody thought to look for the real cause
until several minutes elapsed, because each
motorman supposed his power had been
shut off—as it frequently is—by another
emergency device that automatically cuts
off the current when another train is stalled
only a short distance ahead.

  This incident is but a sample of the
many little things that sometimes upset big
cities—things that would pass unnoticed in
the country. Big cities, in their wonderful
complexity, must run just so or they cannot
run at all. A sleet-storm in New York,
for instance, will cause more suffering and
death than are caused by many a battle.

  There was such a storm in New York City
recently. Rain fell for hours, and froze as
it struck. In the country such a storm
would have meant nothing. A few farmers
might have turned a few impromptu hand-
springs in going to the barn to do the
chores, but the damage would not have been
great.

  In New York this storm meant that mil-
lions of persons would be compelled to
make their way over streets that were as
slippery as if they had been soaped. Look
up or down Broadway, and the scene was
the same.

  Plug-hats, canes, and hand-bags were
flying in the air — plug-hats, canes, and
hand-bags, combined with a varied assort-
ment of heels and hosiery. Ambulances
came on the run. Policemen helped the less
severely hurt into drug-stores. In twenty-
four hours the hospitals treated more than

six hundred cases, one hundred and forty-
four of which involved broken bones, while
four persons died of their injuries.

   The police courts got a little business
from the storm, too—at least one case. Two
truck-drivers were brought in for fighting.
One of them had a gash across his temple
that looked as if it had been made with a
cold-chisel.

   “ I did it, yer honor,” said the other fel-
low, “ but I had my reasons.”

  “ You may state your reasons to the
court,” said the judge.

   “Well, it was like this,” said the pris-
oner. “ I was loading step-ladders at a
warehouse and having a mighty hard time
to keep my feet, as the sleet had glazed the
sidewalk until it was like glass. -Two or
three times I had nearly fallen with a bun-
dle of step-ladders in my arms, and finally
I did fall. The step-ladders went flying
all over the walk, and one of them got tan-
gled up in a man’s legs and tripped him '
up, too. He was all right about it, but this
guy here that I punched called me names
and insulted me.”

   “What did he say?” inquired the judge.

   “ He yelled out at me: ‘ Get up there, you
lobster, and get a basket to carry your lad-
ders in.’ I couldn’t help poking him one
then, judge, even if it cost me five.”

   “ It will cost you ten,” said the court.

“ And you ”—turning to the other prisoner
—“I'll fine you ten, too. A sleet-storm is
bad enough without having your kind of
people around to josh the unfortunate.”

Sufferings of the Homeless.

  A few days later it seemed as if the
mercury in every thermometer in New York
had dropped down into the bulb, wadded
itself into a chunk the size of a pin’s head,
and then evaporated. It wasn’t thirty or
forty degrees below zero, as it sometimes is
out in the Northwest, but it was down pret-
ty close to zero, and that’s enough to make
a New Yorker feel as if his veins were frozen
water-pipes.

   Out in the country the farmers were cheer-
fully cracking hickory-nuts and drinking
hard cider, but nothing of this sort was
taking place among the poor of New York.
Those who were fortunate enough to have
homes suffered a good deal, but they were
like rich men, robed to the neck in fur over-
coats, in comparison with those who had
no homes—and there were many such. Dur-
TRAFFIC TROUBLES OF A BIG CITY.

85

ing the coldest night the Municipal Lodg-
ing-House, on East Twenty-Fifth Street,
did a record business, with almost five hun-
dred guests, twenty-two of whom were wom-
en. Two men fell dead from exposure in
the line that was waiting at the door.

  If one wants to see a great deal of incon-
venience in New York, let him be around
some time when the telephones in a large
office-building area suddenly fail to work.
A little while ago a Broadway gentleman
who counts his minutes as a miser counts
his money told his blue-eyed stenographer
to call up a certain number for him. He
waited the usual length of time, but the
stenographer did not return, as usual, to
tell him that the man he wanted was wait-
ing on the phone.

  He followed her to the booth, opened the
door, and asked her what was the matter.
She didn’t know.

  She jiggled the hook up and down, and
called “ Central ” as if she were trying to
wake the dead; but no Central replied.

When Central Didn’t Answer.

  The Broadway gentleman, believing that
the girl at the other end of the wire must
have disobeyed the telephone company’s
general order to girls to do away with their
“rats,” which were found to interfere with
their hearing, swore that he would report
her to the company if he had to walk all
the way to the office to do it.

  After waiting for some time, however,
during which there was no response, he
went into an. adjoining office and tried to
raise another Central.

  He shouted, jiggled the hook, and made
as big a disturbance as he dared in an-
other man’s office, but failed to succeed in
getting a reply from the other end of the
wire. Then it occurred to him that the
girl that wore the “ rat ” might perhaps be
in charge of this telephone also. All right;
he would settle her.

  But before he did so he would go to a
public telephone in the next block, have
his talk with Jon£s, and then report the girl
to the manager over the wire. Much to his
disgust, he also found that the public tele-
phone was not working, for a small girl
whose business it was to take in nickels told
him that something must be the matter with
the wires, as none of the telephones in the
vicinity was working.

As a matter of fact, eight thousand tele-

phones within a radius of six blocks were
as untalkative as if they had not been in-
vented. This is how they came to be silent:

An Innocent Offender.

  An earnest young man who had come
from Italy the summer before was doing a
little pick-and-shovel work for the McAdoo
tunnel builders. In the course of his op-
erations he came upon a conduit that con-
tained a bunch of telephone-wires that had
been twisted into a cable. Not knowing
the delicate and highly important purposes
of a conduit, he drove his pick into it.

  When he reached the copper cable the
pick seemed a little too dull for the work,
and he took an ax. As a piece of surgery,
his work was a success, but instead of get-
ting a big fee for it he was fired. The tele-
phones that he had disabled were finally
hooked up by circuitous routes, and the
stream of conversation again swept on.

  Even a smaller incident created still
greater havoc in Chicago. The Illinois
Steel Company has two great engines that
furnish the power for its shops, in which
eight thousand men are employed. Only
one engine runs at a time. The other is
merely to use when the first breaks down
or is in need of repairs.

  A few months ago one of the engines
was laid up for repairs that would take a
week. The other engine had been run-
ning only a few hours when the pin on the
crank-shaft snapped. There was no power
to be had, so the eight thousand employees
had to go home until there was.

  They stayed home three days. Why three
days were required to put on a new crank-
pin does not appear, but a statement was
given out at the time showing that the
breaking of the pin had caused a loss to the
employees and the company of forty-eight
thousand dollars.

' Probably eight thousand men were never
before made to realize how their bread and
butter really depended upon the stability
of a single piece of steel. Certainly even
those who live in cities little understand
how slight a jar it takes to shake them out
of their usual grooves.

  If a farmer breaks a plow-point, the
worst thing that can happen to him is to be
compelled to stop plowing while he goes to
town to buy a new point, and the total loss
to the farmer is only a half a day of his
time and fifty cents for the repairs to his
86

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

plow. When the Illinois Steel Company’s
plant was put out of business for three
days, however, it was equivalent to stop-
ping the pay of every man in a city of thirty-
thousand inhabitants.

The City Man’s Foe.

   But neither Italian laborers nor the fickle-
ness of steel can compete with extremes of
climate in upsetting big cities. Heat pro-
duces more misery and more deaths in New
York than cold.

  An excessively hot day in the metropolis
does about as much to interfere with busi-
ness as would an invitation from Mr. Rocke-
feller to the general public to come out to
his golf-links and pick up twenty-dollar
gold pieces at each hole.

  If Mr. Rockefeller should give such an
invitation, two-thirds of the population
wouldn’t believe the report, and therefore
would stay in town to work for two dollars
and ten cents a day.

  So far as results are concerned, that’s
about the way things work in New York on
a hot day. A third of the population do not
quit work, but the productivity of every-
body is decreased at least a third.

  A few manufacturers are, indeed, grasp-
ing the fact that it is cheaper to make work-
rooms cool than it is to suffer the loss that
comes from small output on hot days. A
big concern that is engaged in the manu-
facture of typewriters even pumps cool air
through its shops, with the result that on
the hottest days of summer the temperature
where the men work is not more than seven-
ty degrees Fahrenheit.

  Indeed, it is true that “Man made the
city, but God made the country.” Man’s
city is like an intricate piece of machinery
which only requires a slight touch in any
one of many places to be thrown badly out
of order.

  A succession of hot days fills the hos-
pitals, raises the death-rate, and fills the
boats and trains that carry the sweltering
sufferers to the beaches. Even at Coney
Island, because there was no breeze one day
last summer, two men and a baby succumbed
to the heat.

  When the ocean fails, there is no place
to go but home—and home, to thousands of
New Yorkers on a hot summer night, is in
the parks or on the sidewalks. Some sleep
on fire-escapes, and every summer at least
two or three fall off and are killed.

HOOSAG TUNNEL TO BE ELECTRIFIED.

A CONTRACT involving more than $1,000,-

000	has been awarded to the Westinghouse
Electric and Manufacturing Company, for ap-
paratus to be used by the New York, New Haven
and Hartford Railroad, which will electrify the
famous Hoosac tunnel under the Hoosac Moun-
tain in Massachusetts. This tunnel was com-
pleted in 1874, after years of construction work.
It is four and three-quarter miles long, exclu-
sive of approaches. The total length of the electri-

fication work is seven miles, and it will eliminate
for good the long-standing trouble of smoke and
foul gases in this tunnel while trains are passing
through.

  The general plans for the electrification are
uniform with the work that has been done on the
main line of the road, and are conducted with the
one idea of ultimately making the New York.
New Haven and Hartford an electric line.—
Popular Electricity.

WHEN A BOILER EXPLODES.

THE exploding boiler of a freight-locomotive
rose from its trucks on the Pennsylvania
Railroad at Altoona, Pennsylvania, recently, and,
falling over the adjoining track, was struck, while
yet in mid-air, by the locomotive of a train com-
ing up from behind on an adjoining track. The
remarkable wreck that was caused, brought death
to three train-men and probably fatal injuries to
the fourth. A freight-train, westbound, was just
leaving the city, helped in the rear by two loco-
motives, when the boiler of the second of the rear
engines exploded. The boiler rose from the en-
gine-frame and was hurled through the air just

as an express-train, which was also westbound,
and drawn by two locomotives, came along on the
next track.

  The first engine struck the falling boiler and
hurled it over an embankment some distance from
where it had left the engine-trucks. The impact
derailed both locomotives hauling the express-
train and threw them against the freight-train.
knocking over several freight-cars. Experts who
examined the exploded boilet immediately after
the accident announced that the explosion was
caused by low water.—The Railway and Engineer-
ing Review.
 IN THE HORNET’S NEST

BY DAN DUANE.

             Seth Waters Travels On and Shows His
             Prowess, and Carmita Finds Herself Alone.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

AMONG the mountains of southern California, lived old Eugene Caillo, gold-miner and miser. To
him had recently come his dead sister’s child, beautiful, eighteen-year-old Carmita. In the
course of events, Philip Garrick, master of the Rancho Buena Vista, visits the store kept by
Caillo, and meets Carmita, who is much sought by all the men of the neighborhood, among them being
Jim Gormley, superintendent of the Comet mine, a villainous sort of fellow, whose desire is to get at
Caillo's riches through Carmita. She repulses him after Philip has declared his love. Shortly after,
Caillo's body is discovered at die bottom of a sluice, and suspicion, instigated by Gormley, falls upon
Carmita and Philip. Gormley leaves town but is quickly followed by Philip, who has evidence that the
former has committed the murder. He finally traces Gormley to Carnullo City, where he has been
stricken with smallpox and there, on his dying bed, signs a confession of his guilt. Upon returning
to Rosalia, Philip finds that lie is suspected not only of old Caillo’s death, but also that of Gorm-
ley. He decides to marry Carmita at once and take her North. On his way to see die padre for
that purpose, he is set upon by two men claiming to represent the citizens of Rosalia and dele-
gated to escort Garrick out of town. Escaping from them he takes refuge in the old Mission, and
next day, accompanied by the padre, he goes to the court-house to clear his name and also report
the finding of the body of one of his assailants, and there is mysteriously shot. Seth Waters, one
of the two men who had assaulted Philip, is suspected of the shooting but he has disappeared. After
the attack on Philip and the murder of his partner, Waters strikes north hoping to hide himself in
some large city. Miscalculating the direction, he finds himself in the wilds of Death Valley, his horse
dead and himself without water. He is discovered by a family consisting of an old man, his daughter
and her two sons on their way to settle in California, and who themselves are almost at their last
drop of water. Waters joins the party and by slaughtering the cow they manage to keep alive.

CHAPTER XIX.

The Panther’s Prisoner.

  the weird, death-dealing
experiences in the great
valley of southern Califor-
nia, Seth Waters went on
and on, only to meet new
and more startling adven-
tures. When the prairie wagon and its oc-
cupants, including the long-legged despera-
do, reached the outskirts of the valley, Seth
jumped off the wagon and said a cheery
“ good-by.”

  The roan mare had been left to the rav-
ages of the desert. Perchance, by this time,
her bones were being picked white by the
buzzards. At any rate, it mattered little or

Began in the November. 1910, Railroad

  nothing to Seth Waters. Just another pony
  gone. There were plenty more on the ranges
  round about.

     The wagon and its sad occupants went on
  their way to the greener fields of the Far
  Western State. Seth took to his feet. He
  had all of their hospitality that he was en-
  titled to—so he thought.

    Friends were all right when it came to
  the middle of Death Valley, where the sun
  saps life and thirst racks the body until
  the mind becomes a blank, but now there
  were green hills and waving fields before
  him. The tang of the wild oats blown from
  the foot-hills was a tonic that made his
  blood tingle. He watched the old wagon as
  it lumbered along. The boys waved him
  farewell. He smiled, and wafted them a
  kiss.

Man’s Magazine. Single copies, 10 cents.

87
88

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  He came to a cross-road. This was great-
ly to his liking. He did not want to follow
the wagon any longer, for it was particu-
larly necessary that he should make some
immediate preparations for the future.

  Taking a last look at the vehicle and its
occupants, he was again alone.

  He followed the road until it ran into a
gulley. In a field not far from the mouth
of the gulley he saw a cabin. Two minutes
later he knocked at its door. There was no
response. He knocked again. Confident
that there was nobody inside, he tried the
door.

  It opened, and he peered in. The place
was musty for lack of air. There was
some straw on the floor that was clean and
had been used for a bed. On one side was
a small wooden shelf, over which a piece
of broken mirror was held to the wall by
nails.

  Seth went to the mirror and looked at his
visage. Egad, but he needed tonsorial at-
tention! His beard was getting long and
unkempt—and his hair was none too slick.
Otherwise, he thought, he looked pretty
well.

  Tired from the long ride and the expe-
riences of the past few days, he stretched
himself on the straw and fell asleep. When
he awoke, the peculiar grayness of the light
that simmered through the little window
told him that it was morning.

  He arose and went out.

  “ My kingdom for a horse! ” he exclaimed
aloud.

  An investigation of the cabin showed
nothing of value in the shape of clothing, or
anything else, but not far from its rear he
found a gushing spring. Near the spring
was a hole that had been dug deep in the
ground.

  “Hunting for gold—and disappointed,”
he said. “ These old hills are full of such
failures.”

  He drank, and bathed his face in the
spring. Then he made for the road again,
and started to tramp. He had walked about
two hours, when he spied a dozen or so
horses grazing on a hillside about half a
mile away.

  Convincing himself that there were no
herdsmen in sight, he stole along the un-
derbrush until he came within close range
of the animals. One or two sniffed the air,
threw their heads up, and snorted. Seth
made a long detour around a clump of
small oaks.

  His eye was on a small bay bronco gra-
zing apart from the herd.

  “ That’s my kind,” he declared. “ Those
little fellows make the best travelers. They
are full of go, and they get to know you.”

  Aside from that excellent reason, the ani-
mal had a halter from which a rope dan-
gled. It was evident that he was the easiest
to catch and was used to round up the rest.
At least, that was the reason which Mr.
Waters gave. And he was right.

  He found that the bronco stood perfectly
still as he approached. Catching the halter
rope, he forced it into the animal’s mouth
and manipulated it deftly and quickly, after
the manner known to cow-men when they
want to use a rope for a bit.

  The bronco started on his familiar prac-
tise of rounding up the other horses when
Seth Waters hopped on his back. He sud-
denly realized that there was something out
of the ordinary when his rider steered him
in the direction of the road, thrust a pair of
sharp heels in its unwilling flanks, and
headed him in an opposite direction from
home.

  Horse-stealing was punishable by death

—	quick and unrelenting — in those days,
and it needed no court of justice to prove the
guilt of the thief. He was generally taken
with his boots on and the stolen property
under him.

  Seth knew that he was safe so long as the
road before him was clear, and nothing like
the sound of a rifle-shot echoed from the
hills behind. He traveled along until the
bronco was short of wind and the foam was
beginning to fleck his coat. Then Seth
steered his mount to one side, where a clump
of trees afforded shelter and indicated the
existence of water.

  Late that afternoon, while the bronco was
grazing as peacefully and contentedly as
his limited halter would permit, and his new
owner was contemplating the all-important
issue of food, both were surprised by a sud-
den rustling in the bushes near by.

  The animal was first to give an alarm.
Rising on his haunches, he snorted and
reared until Seth feared that he would sever
the rope and run.

  Seth grabbed his mane with one hand and
the halter with the other. He did not want
to lose that bronco.

  Whatever had caused the animal to rear,
one thing was certain—it was not a man.
No horse ever started in that manner be-
cause of a man. Seth knew that some other
IN THE HORNET’S NEST.

89

animal was lurking around. He surmised,
too, that it was a wild animal.

  The bronco gave another rear and a
snort, and began to tremble from head to
tail. Seth patted him gently and spoke
soothingly.

  Then' he looked in the brush ahead of
him.

  As if ready to spring, a huge panther
crouched before him. He looked as if he
bad been long without the sumptuous meal
that Seth would make.

  Now, Mr. Waters was not a man to quail.
When one has been through so much as
he in the .years of his Western life, com-
ing face to face with a panther is only an
episode.

  For some moments he stood by the horse’s
side, patting his neck and flank and speak-
ing in the most reassuring tone. This
calmed the bronco, who evidently knew that
if the man had no fear, there was no dan-
ger. Such is the remarkable instinct of the
horse.

  “ Let us see,” said Seth as he looked the
wild beast over. “ You belong to the feline
carnivore family, and are a sort of a leopard.
You don’t like human beings much, and
will devour them if your hunger is wrought
up to the starving-point. You never leave
Africa, the naturalists say, but I will bet
that you are the real thing. I know some-
thing about animals—believe me!”

  Before he was aware, the panther made a
sudden spring at him. In a flash, he threw
his arm over the bronco’s eyes to hide the
sight from that animal.

  It was a desperate thing to do, but the
only thing under the circumstances. If the
bronco broke and ran away, he would be at
the panther’s mercy. If he mounted, the
frightened horse might refuse to budge, and
he would be just as precariously situated.

  What was he to do?

  As he made the sudden step toward the
bronco to cover its eyes, the panther grazed
by him. He felt the thudding impact of its
body against his arm. Having failed in its
design-—whatever that might lie—Seth rea-
soned that it would make a second attack.

  He was not wrong. It came at him from
behind. This time he looked fairly into its
gaping jaws.

  The beast tore a piece from the bronco’s
left haunch. Then he took up a position
not ten feet away and began to devour his
meal.

  The bronco whinnied and reared, and

then calmed down. Seth stepped to one side
to pick up a rock to hurl at the panther.

  He noticed that when he moved, the pan-
ther moved toward him and showed its
teeth with a threatening growl. If Seth re-
mained perfectly quiet, the panther seemed
to have no objection to his company. Twice
and thrice he repeated the experiment of
stepping toward the rock, but each time the
panther showed his disapproval. Truly he
was a prisoner.

  “ It is best to take the situation calmly,”
he surmised. “ I will just wait and see what
Mr. Panther is going to do. But, one thing
—he must part company with me before
night comes.”

CHAPTER XX.
A Couple of Getaways.

VX/’HEN the panther had finished the
meal that he tore from the bronco’s
haunch—which, after all, proved to be only
an appetizer—he again made a dash for
more of the same meat.

  This time, much to the alarm of Waters,
he uttered a low snarl and made a sudden
dash for the bronco’s throat. The bronco
must have known that his time had come,
for he made one mighty lunge, broke his
halter, and started to run.

  The panther was too quick. In a flash
he was at the bronco’s throat. The latter
started at a wild gallop, with his adversary-
clinging to his jugular. He dashed up a
small incline, at the top of which a small
oak was growing.

  He hurled himself against the oak in an
effort to either dislodge or kill the panther,
but the marauder only clung the tighter.

  His teeth were fastened in the grip of
death. The poor little bronco, game but
outclassed, tried to bite and tried to kick the
panther off.

  Seth followed grimly, but kept at a safe
distance. He did not know just when the
panther might like to change his diet from
beast to man.

  It was all over in a few moments—so far
as the bronco was concerned. He suddenly
stopped biting and kicking and dashing
against the tree. He stood still and raised
his head. He got down on his haunches and
suddenly went over on his side.

  One or two vigorous kicks, and the best
friend that Seth Waters had on the face of
the earth just then lay bleeding to death.
90

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Then the panther released his hold, and
then Seth Waters knew that the game was
up. That blood-loving animal would have
never -released his grip had it been other-
wise. He took a sitting posture in front of
the dead horse. There was food enough for
some time.

  “ I guess this is no place for me,” said
Seth as he looked around him.

  He was on the side of the little hill—the
incline, as I have described it—and in full
view of the panther. He feared that if he
should deliberately arise and walk away, the
panther might spring at him. He had had
encounters with wild beasts before in his
life, and he knew that such flesh-eaters gen-
erally take no chances. Their instinct is
pretty keen.

  Seth, calling into play the old motto,
“ Caution is wisdom,” dragged his body
along the ground until he was at the bottom
of the little hill. Tq. his great surprise, the
panther paid no more attention to him than
if he had been made of stone.

  A most unusual proceeding, mused the bad
man. “ These felines generally prefer hu-
mans to animals. He must have liked me,”
he said to himself as he gradually slid along
the ground and vanished into a clump of
wild oats.

  There he stopped and listened. There
was no sound. He made farther progress
into the tall oats. He crouched along until
he came to a small clump of trees. These
he skirted, and was soon again on the dusty
pike.

  He walked for miles, until his feet, sore
and aching, indicated that he could go no
farther. Soon the road led into a small
canon where there was water. He would
bathe his tired feet, and drink his fill, and
rest for the night. In the morning he would
tramp on and on again until something came
his way.

  Seth was not the sort of man who denied
fate the privilege of being good to him. He
knew that so sure as the sun would rise he
would be brought face to face with some-
thing that would work unto his best ad-
vantage.

  Morning came. He took another long
drink of water and started on his way.

  After a tramp of about five miles he saw
smoke curling from a small house about half
a mile from the road. It was the home of a
farmer.

  Seth was soon at the man’s back door. An
angry dog at the end of a big chain an-

nounced his presence. The farmer evidently
knew the dog’s keen discernment of men and
tramps, and appeared with a shotgun. The
weapon was slung over his left arm, and his
right hand was in close proximity to the
trigger.

  “ I’m unarmed,” said Seth.

  Evidently that made no difference to the
farmer. He didn’t put down his gun. He
was taking no chances.

  “ What do you want here ? ” he asked.

  “Food,” said Seth Waters. “I’m hun-
gry. I’ve been on a long tramp—looking
for work.”

  The farmer was a big man with a brutal
jaw. He was of more than the ordinary
height, middle-aged, with steel-gray hair
and deep-set black eyes—the eyes of a man
who will not stand much fooling. He was a
matter of fact man. He meant business, and
nothing else.

  The keen mind of Seth Waters gathered
these facts as he gazed into the man’s set
face.

  “Come into the kitchen; my wife will
feed you,” said the farmer, after a long
pause spent in studying his visitor. Seth
led the way, under the farmer’s direction,
for the farmer was taking no chances on
being shot from behind.

  He had heard of men of the Seth Waters
type before who had said that they were not
armed.

  In the kitchen, Seth was motioned—in
fact, the rifle was used as a pointer—to a
seat at the table.

  It was a small table covered with oil-
cloth that was faded and greasy. A myriad
flies swarmed an open sugar-bowl. The
remnants of an unfinished meal were cov-
ered with still more flies. Red and black
ants hovered hither and yon in silent activ-
ity, and along a rafter over the battered
stove a rat crept stealthily away.

  “ Mary,” called the farmer in a snappy
tone.

  There was no response. He called again,
louder and more forcibly, “Mary!”

  A thin-faced, tired, unkempt woman en-
tered from an adjoining room. Her hands
as well as her face indicated that life had
not been all sunshine with her. Indeed, she
looked more like the farmer’s mother than
his wife.

  “ Mary,” said the man with the rifle,
“ give this man some food.”

  “ Another o’ them tramps,” said Mary,
with cutting effect. “ Pity your kind would
IN THE HORNET’S NEST.

91

not like to do a leetle work for some of the
grub as is handed out to you.”

  “I am willing to work,” said the deft-
minded Waters.	—

  Bringing the entire force of his Quixotic
being into play, he added this lie to the one
that he had just utteredT

  “ I have hunted all the past week, madam,
but work is scarce in this part of the world.”
“ Been down to Dunstan’s ? ” asked the
farmer.

  Seth didn’t know if Dunstan’s were a
mill or a mine or a village. In short, he
didn’t know just where on the top of the
green earth he was. Beyond the fact that
he was in the State of California, he could
not have told under oath.

  “Dunstan’s,” he replied with childlike
blandness. “No. If you will direct me,
mister, I shall go there.”

  The woman busied herself with the food.
She brought out a huge loaf of sour bread,
brushed the ants and flies from the table
with her apron, and set it in front of the
desperado.

  He tore a piece from it eagerly, and be-
fore she had time to put the coffee-pot on
the fire, and a piece of dried rabbit in a
frying-pan half filled with stinking lard,
Seth had tucked most of the loaf in his
capacious maw.

  The farmer sat with the rifle across his
knees. The woman vanished when she had
finished her duties at the stove.

  Seth did not speak during the time that
he was filling his insides. He was thinking,
however. He was wondering just how he
could get the best of the lynx-eyed man who
was giving him the first real meal that he
had devoured in many days. It would not
do for him to leave so hospitable a host with
so little of remembrance as a mere “ good-
by.” This particular host would have more
to curse him for than a passing visit.

  Rifle or no rifle, Seth would win.

  “ I feign you would permit me to stay all
night,” said Seth.

  “ And I jest think thet you will do a hike
along the road soon as you gets done with
thet grub,” said the other.

  “ I hope you do not mean that, sir,” Seth
continued.

  Then, turning on the pathetic tremolo of
his voice to full, he added:

  “I have had a long tramp in search of
work. I will gladly pay you by chopping
wood all to-morrow morning, if you will
permit me to stay to-night.”

  “ I ain’t takin’ no chances,” said the
farmer. “ I’d ruther you’d get on your way.
Dunstan’s is ten miles down the road in that
direction.” He indicated with a sweep of
his arm.

  “That’s a long way,” said Seth. “Let
me spend the night in the barn, and I will
make an early start.”

  “No, sirree,” drawled the farmer. “I’ve
let your kind sleep in the barn before. Nex’
mornin’ a horse was missing.”

  Seth rose to his full height.

  “Do you take me for a horse-thief ? ” he
asked, with bristling dignity.

  “ I don’t know,” was the reply. “ I tell
ye, I ain’t taking no chances.”

  Seth saw that there was nothing to be
gained in combating this style of logic.
Against the cold, hard opinions of a man
with a gun across his knee his hybrid logic
was of little avail.

  The farmer was not a man to be fooled
with. That was easy to understand.

  Seth took a new tack. He would plead for
a night’s lodgings on the strength of his in-
firmities—and Seth could invent anything
from chilblains to consumption, as the case
might be.

  “ I am a sick man,” he began.

  Before he had finished reciting the varied
ailments which were racking his system the
farmer had relented.

  “ Stand up,” said the farmer.

  Seth obeyed. He was searched from head
to foot. Finding that he was really un-
armed, the farmer escorted him to a dingy
apology for a room in his woodshed which
had been once used to house a hired man.

  Seth stretched himself on a long bed made
of rough boards and covered with sacks, and
he really did sleep. When he awoke it was
still daylight, but he did not leave his abode.
Once or twice, just at dusk, he heard the
farmer enter and look him over.

  Seth waited patiently until darkness and
the vicious dog had settled down. He wait-
ed until he was sure that the night was well
on its way to the early hours of the morn-
ing. Then he suddenly recovered from the
catalogue of ailments which had rendered
his stay possible; and, first—the dog.

  He noticed that the animal’s kennel was
not far from the wood-shed. When the hour
for his departure arrived he stole out, and,
before the sleeping canine was aware, he was
being ruthlessly dragged from his bed. The
dog awoke soon enough to utter one loud
bark and make a spring.
92

/ • THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

/

  The starlight was sufficient for Seth. He
had worked in it before. As the animal
sprang he grabbed his throat in his powerful
hands.

  Fingers that could have choked an ox dug
into the dog’s throat. He struggled a few
times and tried to growl. Seth counted the
tremblings of his bod}- as they grew fainter,
and finally threw him limp and dead on the
ground.

  Silence—the silence that he loved.

  He listened for a sound. None came.
He smiled grimly.

  He straightened up, and cautiously ap-
proached the house. The faint snoring of
his host told him that all was well. He lis-
tened for some moments—and still no sound
came.

  “ They’ve got to arise before dawn to beat
old Seth Waters,” he said to himself as he
smiled and started on his quest of pillage.

  As the first chanticleer proclaimed the
sun, the fanner awoke. Donning overalls
and boots, he grabbed his trusty rifle and
started for the wood-shed.

  Seth Waters was gone. Two large loaves
of the sour bread were gone. A suit of over-
alls hanging in the kitchen were gone. A
brown horse and a saddle and bridle were
gone.

  “ The next time I give one of them bums
a bite to eat,” said the fanner as he sat
down to breakfast, “he’ll get both barrels
right between the eyes.”

CHAPTER XXI.
At Philip Garrick's Bedside.

R weeks Philip Garrick lingered be-
tween life and death. The doctors made
his struggle for life as easy as possible by an
almost constant application of soothing po-
tions; but the wound was a bad one, and
they had to fight that dread enemy of all
calamities, blood poisoning.

  Two souls were ever ready to administer
their quota of human sympathy and love
and to help whenever the gripping pains
tortured the patient sufferer. These were
Carmita and Padre Gregorio. They were
the only persons admitted to the hospital be-
sides the doctors and regular nurses. When
they began to realize that Philip was getting
worse instead of better, they arranged their
time so that each could take a turn in the
little room in the hospital.

  There he lay on a snow-white couch

watching the sunbeams as they marked the
time of day on the wall.

  Every afternoon about two o’clock, as the
sun wore his way toward the west, the gos-
samer beams would suddenly shoot through
the window, pierce the dainty dimity cur-
tains, and illumine with a peculiar boldness
the wall just a few feet from the floor. As
the days wore on, Philip began to know just
when to expect the agreeable visit from Old
Sol, and Heaven was good to him in not
sending a cloud to obstruct this break in his
monotonous routine.

  There is nothing in the world so cloying
to a strong man, perhaps, as protracted con-
finement in a hospital. To one who had
lived the life of the Western ranges, who had
spent hours each day in the saddle, who
knew only the out-of-doors, and who was
ever the acme of untiring energy and good,
sturdy health, being tied to a bed was little
more than torture.

  But the keen, unhampered mind of the
rancher was as active as ever, although his
fine body was slowly being absorbed by a
malady more deadly than his doctors dared
admit.

  He knew when the sunbeams would ap-
pear on the wall of his little room. One
day, while Carmita was sitting by his bed,
he said:

  “ My daily visitor—the one I cherish most
next to you, my love, and Padre Gregorio—
will soon come in through the window.”

  He smiled faindy, and Carmita looked at
him somewhat puzzled. Indeed, she feared
that his mind might be wandering.

   Philip pointed to the wall at his left.

  Carmita looked there, still puzzled.

  “Wait a few minutes; he will soon be
here,” said Philip. “He usually comes
about this time every day—each day a little
later. He stays with me, and when the day
goes he fades away— Oh, it hurts—it hurts
me so! May I have a drink of water? ”

  She arose and went to the outer room. In
another moment she returned with a glass
filled with the cooling drink and placed it
to his lips, tenderly raising his head as she
did so.

  He sipped the water slowly, but not with-
out effort. He raised his hand and took hold
of hers as if to steady the goblet, and then
for the first time Carmita noticed more keen-
ly than ever before that his grip was very
soft and trembling, and that it had com-
pletely lost the strength that she knew so
well.
IN THE HORNET’S NEST.

93

  She suddenly recalled the first time that
lie held her in his arms and her futile ef-
fort to free herself.

  Then he had the strength of a giant. He
had held her so close—so tight, and with
such little effort—and she had tried to free
herself. He seemed to have muscles of steel,
and she remembered she was but a child in
the grip of a tyrant.

  On that never-to-be-forgotten occasion he
had kissed her against her will; but she had
forgiven him a thousand times, and now, as
he lay a weakened warrior, she would glad-
ly give her own strength if he would arise
and crush her helpless to his heart.

  His hand was weak and feverish. It
seemed to twitch convulsively as it touched
hers. He swallowed a few drops of the
water, and then sank back on the pillows and
closed his eyes for a moment. Carmita
placed the goblet on a table and returned
to his side.

  She took one of his hands in hers and
brushed his forehead with her perfumed
handkerchief.

  Suddenly his eyes opened, and he ex-
claimed :

  “ There’s my friend! There! Look! ”

  She followed his eyes to the wall. A bril-
liant beam of the afternoon sun illumined
the wall—and she knew. She knew what he
meant! She realized just what he called his
friend.

  He watched the sunbeam on the wall with
the most satisfying smile playing over his
countenance. Now and then some sharp
gripping of the pain would cause him to
close his eyes and shudder, but when it
passed away he would again turn his tired
face to the sunbeam and watch it as it slowly
mounted the wall.

  Slowly and still more slowly it mounted,
illumining the papered flowers thereon and
giving them an almost natural tint; slowly
and still more slowly it mounted, and he
watched it so intently, and Carmita held his
feeble hand and watched it, too.

  It mounted higher and yet higher until it
almost began to trace a path across the ceil-
ing. Then it began to grow dim, and
Philip saw that it would soon fade alto-
gether. The old day was dying.

  The old day was dying. Out beyond the
Western prairies the great orb of life would
find its way to the sea, and as it sank to
rest the heavens would shine resplendent
with its reddening glory. The tired toilers
would seek their homes; the birds would

seek their nests, and dieir daily caroling
would be stilled; his beloved cattle would
find their nightly shelter in the deep ravine,
and his horses would neigh in their stalls—
but he would not be there to give them a
kindly word.

  The old day was dying. The sunbeam
grew fainter and fainter. He knew what a
night in Rosalia meant. He knew the songs
that would be sung, and the dances, and the
gay doings.

  He knew its rampant revelry, its dark-
eyed langorous maids and its gallant vaque-
ros—and he would not be with them.

  The little beam grew fainter and fainter.
Soon it became only a gray spot. He strained
his eyes to see it. He wanted to see it until
it silently wafted into the color of the eve-
ning and the room became gray and barren,
for perhaps—and who but the Maker of all
things knew?—this would be the last time
that he would ever see it again.

  Carmita looked at the wrought face and
the straining eyes. Philip raised one fee-
bled hand and pointed.

  Then his lips moved, and he waved his
hand, as if motioning to some one who was
going on a long journey.

  “ Good-by,” lie said, and his hand
dropped.

  The sunbeam had gone. The room bore
the grayish atmosphere of the early twi-
light. Philip’s eyes were closed. He
seemed to be more at peace with himself
than at any time since Seth Waters’s bullet
pierced his giant frame.

  Carmita placed one arm around his neck
and buried her head in the pillow beside
his. The pent-up tears came only too free-
ly. Grief made her body tremble as if it
were a lily broken on its stem.

  Once or twice Philip thought that he
heard her sobbing. He made an effort
to say something to calm her, but the words
seemed to stick in his throat. He tried to
raise his body, but his strength was gone.
He tried to cry out. He tried to call as
he used to call his cattle dogs when they
disappeared over the brow of a hill. Good
Lord! His voice came only in a whisper!

  Then he gave one herculean effort. He
forced himself up. Carmita felt him
moving, and she sat up. A nurse entered
with a little shaded lamp. It brightened
beyond seeming the gray room. Carmita
looked into her lover’s face. The nurse
looked, too. Both women looked at each
other.
94

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Carmita turned white, and dropped
Philip's hand. The nurse darted sudden-
ly from the room. Carmita saw that Philip
was trying to speak.

  She bent over him, and put her ear
close to his lips. Faintly—more faintly
than a little child whispering its tiny sins—
he said:

  “I—want—Padre Gregorio.”

  The nurse had gone for a doctor. The
medical man entered with a wan expres-
sion on his face. He took the wounded
man’s pulse in one hand and his watch in
the other.

  Carmita beckoned to an attendant. Soon
a messenger dashed through the stilled
streets of Rosalia in the direction of the old
mission, carrying Philip’s wish. 'Die doc-
tor sent for another physician. The two
men put their heads together and muttered
something. Carmita caught the words,
“ at once.”

  She rushed at them with a maddened ex-
pression. Her face was the picture of mor-
tal agony.

  “Tell me! Tell me!” she shrieked.
“ Is he dying?”

  The doctors raised their hands and ut-
tered a long-drawn “ S-li-sh! ”

  “ Be quiet, madam! ” said one. “ All we
can say now is that his condition is very
precarious.”

  “He will live! You will save him!”
said Carmita, more subdued, trying to con-
trol her emotion.

  “ We will do the best we know how,”
the same doctor replied. “ Blood-poisoning
is a terrible thing—”

  “ Oh—oh! ” she wailed, interrupting
him.

   “ It is only by special permission that you
are here, madam. I beg you to control
yourself. Try not to disturb us. Other-
wise, we will be obliged to ask you to leave
the room.”

  The medical man spoke with the preci-
sion of one who had cast sentiment to the
wind in a moment of great emergency.

  The nurse entered with brandy. The
doctors stepped quickly from room to
room in the next few minutes. Just what
they were doing Carmita or the world never
knew—the method of the liealing-man is a
mystery, after all.

  She saw fhe nurse bend over Philip’s
bed and raise his dear head, and she saw
his lips figlit against the liquor.

  Then her heart—broken and rent asunder

—seemed to clog her throat. She uttered one
stifled sob.

  Her hands shook with agony, and she
knelt at the foot of the bed and prayed—
prayed as she had only prayed once before
—when Philip had gone to wreak vengeance
on Jim Gormley.

  She prayed for his life with all the en-
ergy of her soul and body. She asked Heav-
en to take her instead. She swayed to and
fro in her growing grief, and Padre Gre-
gorio saw her thus kneeling as he entered,
and knew that he had not come too soon.

  Philip had swallowed some of the bran-
dy, and was slightly resuscitated. He faint-
ly recognized the priest as he bent over. The
padre’s strong arm was as a prop of oak to
the weak body.

  "Padre,” said Philip, “tell them I died
bravely. I bear no ill-will to any man. I
always tried to do the right.”

  The good priest administered the last
consoling rites of his religion. Carmita
still prayed unmovably. The doctors felt
the wrists of Philip, and one of them put his
ear to his breast. The nurses stood ready,
but uncalled.

  Then Padre Gregorio knelt beside Car-
mita. His voice uttering the prayers was
the only audible sound.

  The man on the bed gave a little cry. It
was so faint that they who were watching
his lips scarcely discerned it. Then they
bent over him again and tried to give him
more potions that might cause the heart
to flutter a little longer.

  There was just a flutter left. Philip
opened his eyes and looked aroimd. The
agony that was racking his once strong body
was more than he could stand any longer.
He clutched the bedclothes for a second.
He spoke one name—“ Carmita ”—but he
spoke it so all could hear; and then he
passed into the presence of his Maker.

  The doctors looked at each other. The
nurses understood.

   “ It is all over,” said one of the medical
men.

  Then Carmita was on her feet.

  “ Philip! ” she shrieked. “ Philip, my
Philip!”	*

  She threw herself on his body. She
called his name. She pressed her lips to
his.

   “ Speak to me, Philip! ”

  Her voice was without a tremble. The
awful realization had frozen her remorse
temporarily.
IN THE HORNET'S NEST.

95

  “ Speak to me, Philip—speak, my dar-
ling, my love! This is Carmita! ”

  Only death’s stony stare replied.

  Padre Gregorio took a little crucifix from
his waist and placed it in the dead man’s
hand. The tears were rolling down his
cheeks. He could hardly see Carmita,
whose sorrow had again turned to remorse,
and remorse to delirium. She was carried
from the room, but comforting and kindness
were of no avail.

  Then the news spread over the city of
Rosalia, and, as human nature undoubtedly
will, the tide of sentiment turned in favor
of the dead, and Philip Garrick’s murder
was the thing that all men wanted
avenged.

  Men who had been against him since the
first days of the controversy that was born
of the murder of old Eugene Caillo now
openly said that they believed him the in-

(To be

  nocent victim of a misguided populace. The
  few who clung to the old belief that the mur-
  der of old Caillo and the mysterious death
  of Jim Gormley had never been cleared to
  their liking were soon won into the growing
  majority by the public sentiment that would
  not down.

    Before the dead rancher had been laid in
  his eternal sleep in the little acre of God
  that nestled in the shade of Mount Whitney
  there was but one slogan in Rosalia. That

  was:

    “Find Seth Waters!”

    And the brave and beautiful woman who
  had loved Philip Garrick as only a woman
  can love said that she, too, would help bring
  the fugitive to justice. If need be, she would
  go forth herself with any posse that might
  be formed to run him down.

    And when he was caught, she wanted to
meet him face to face!
continu ed.)

 RESCUE CARS FOR MINERS.

Federal Government Equips Gars with Life-Saving Devices to Rush to
Entombed Toilers.

UNCLE SAM’S special mine rescue cars, ful-
ly equipped with experts and appliances,
are now ready to speed, at a moment’s notice, to
the scene of the next big mine disaster.

  Two cars are already at their stations, while
four others will be turned over to the government
within a few days. By means of them, the new
bureau of mines expects to save hundreds, per-
haps thousands, of lives annually.

  Besides awaiting their emergency work, these
cars will go about the mining districts at inter-
vals, demonstrating to miners the use of the oxy-
gen helmet and instructing volunteer rescue-corps
in first aid surgical treatment and sanitation.

  Dr. J. A. Holmes, the director of the new bureau,
will establish a nation-wide mine life-saving serv-
ice. The stations will be scattered like those of
the coast life-saving service of the stations of a
city fire department.

  An alarm will send the nearest car speeding as
a special train to the scene. Each of the first
six stations will be in the very heart of its own
mining district.

  The first stations will be Pittsburgh, Pennsyl-
vania, Urbana, Illinois, Rock Springs, Wyoming,
Billings, Montana, Salt Lake City, Utah, and
Knoxville, Tennessee.

  Our mines kill annually from three to five men
in each one thousand employed. European mines,
far more dangerous from gas and falling roofs,
but better regulated and having state rescue
services, kill only one or two.

  It is estimated, American mines, in 1909, killed
three thousand men and injured ten thousand.
Many of these lives could have been saved with
scientific rescue equipment.

  The mine explosion usually shatters the venti-
lation system. Even if the fans and flues are not
broken, the fresh air is turned off immediately
after an explosion for fear of fanning possible
fires left by the explosion and thus burning up
the mine. Gas at once collects. The injured and
entombed begin to suffocate in the deadly darkness
of the mine.

  On the surface, the miners laugh at death and
drop down the shafts to the rescue of the en-
tombed. Fifty per cent of these volunteer rescuers
themselves meet death from the noxious gases.
Fifteen men were entombed at the Hanna, Wyo-
ming, mine disaster. Yet forty miners went down
into the mine and never came back.

  Expert rescuers, equipped with oxygen helmets,
might have saved the fifteen entombed men and
the mine, too. At any rate, there would have been
96

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

no additional sacrifice of life, if the rescue was
hopeless.

  At Monongali, when the rescuers finally en-
tered the mine, it was found that thirty entombed
men had lived two days in one room. Helmet
men could have saved them.

  At Cherry, a disaster that happened before the
bureau of mines was established, but when the
technological branch of (he geological survey was
experimenting with oxygen helmets, survey hel-
met men arrived late at the scene, but they suc-
ceeded in getting twenty men out alive after a
week. There will be no such delay now with the
mine rescue cars at central stations.

  Each helmet weighs fifty pounds. The first
duty of a helmet-man On entering a mine is to
test the air. This is sometimes done by carrying
white mice. If they live, then the word is tele-
phoned to the surface, and rescuers rush in.

  The air may be deadly, but there may be little
fire in the mine. In this case, the helmet-men
will unsling their hand fire extinguishers, pul out
the fire and signal for the air. This will clear
away the poisonous gas in a hurry and the un-
helmeted rescuers may enter.

  If the air is deadly, and the fire great, there is
nothing for the helmet-men to do but to toil to
the surface with the survivors, two rescuers to a
body.

  A mining engineer, a surgeon, and seven or
eight men are assigned to a car, which is equip-
ped with helmets, tanks of oxygen, safety lamps,
field telephones, resuscitating outfits, and a hos-
pital-room.

  One end of the car has an air-tight room for
demonstrating the use of helmets to the miners.
At each mine, the volunteer corps will be pro-
vided with these helmets.

 THE HEAVY “PASSENGER.”

His Search for Car Fare Brings to Light a Large Portion of His Personal

                                 Property.

IT was very cold, and the street-car was pretty
well filled, when an elderly party, rather em-
bonpoint about the waistband, entered, bringing
with him enough cold air to freeze a cellarful
of house-plants. He stood up in the middle of
the car and, fastening his eyes upon the fare-box,
began to feel for his nickel.

  He first untied a great sliawl-scarf that en-
circled his neck and hid all of his face but his
eyes. Then he loosed the earflaps of his cap and
unhooked a fur muffler that hugged his throat.

  Then he unbottoned the cape of his overcoat
and threw it back over his shoulders, submerging
two men who stood behind him. Then he un-
bottoned his overcoat and turned it back, filling
the car like a lateen sail.

  Then he unbuttoned the lower buttons of a
knit jacket and his under coat, and with a grunt
that frightened the horses into a run, tried to
reach into his hip-pocket. The first effort was a
highly successful failure, and at the second dive
he threw the end of his shawl-scarf, skirts of his
cape, and tail of his overcoat over the people on
the seat behind them, and a smothered groan broke
from the whole community.

  Finally he got his hand into the pocket, and his
purple face and swollen veins indicated approach-
ing apoplexy, but the hand came out before any
fatal result, and the passengers breathed more
freely. But when they saw him lean over to the
other side, and make a reach for his other pocket,
they groaned.

  After repeated efforts he brought up out of that

pocket a ring of keys, a stump of a lead pencil,
and a tobacco-box, and the people groaned again.
Then he hunched both shoulders and went into
his vest-pockets.

  Out of one of them he brought a little roil of
newspaper scraps, a suspender-button, a frag-
ment of a postage-stamp, and a quill toothpick,
badly damaged. Out of the other, he pulled a
piece of string and a brass screw and a two-cent
piece.

  Then he felt in his watch-pocket arid with
many sighs and puffs, he dragged up a little dirty-
looking wad which threatened to be money, but
proved to be lint. Then somebody tittered, and
some one else giggled, and finally everybody but
the returning boarder himself laughed.

  He stood still and thought a moment, and then
felt in his outside overcoat, came out with a hand-
ful of handkerchiefs, gloves, fractional currency
and nickels, and when he reached out to place
one of the latter in the box it fell from his fingers
into the straw, and the disgusted passenger
doubled down and scraped around for it for five
blocks before he could find it.

  And then, when he picked it up and shoved it
into the box, he sank back on the seat with a
groan of satisfaction and began to button and
hoo\ and wrap himself up again, but started up
with a snarl of disgfist and pulled the strap as -
though he had a legacy at the end of it. While he
was down on his hands and knees in the straw,
he had been carried five blocks past his street.—
Burliygtoii Hnvk-Eyc:
AT THE SEMAPHORE

BY GEORGE ALLAN ENGLAND.

         Gresham Heard a Mighty Crash, and
         A Girl Told Him Why It Happened.

crash of the collision brought
Arthur Gresham to his feet.
Wild-eyed, and with the echoes
of that hideous, grinding shock
throbbing in his ears, he scram-
bled out of his chair by the
office stove. His foot struck the coal-hod,
tipped it over, and strewed coal all across
the floor. Dazed, witless as an insane man,
he staggered toward the instrument.

  He blinked at the clock. Had he been
asleep? No, thank Heaven for that! In a
reverie, perhaps, there
by the warm stove of
the telegraph - office,
that bitter night—but
asleep, no. The clock
showed dimly by the
light of the turned-
down lamp —1.32

A.M.

  “Eh? What? And
special 65 due to pass
here at 1.24 in two
sections? Second half
ten minutes behind?

What — what’s hap-
pened ? ” stammered
the wretched operator.

  His mind was all a
daze. He could not
think or understand,
and yet he knew
he’d thrown the sema-
phore''! up the line to
“ Clear ” only twenty
minutes ago, just after
fast freight 12 had
thundered ljy Knowl-
ton and had gone into
the block at Green
Bay, four miles below.

   7	R R

I—I GAVE HER THE CLEAR," HE CHOKED.
97

  At Green Bay, he knew, stye was to take
the siding to let both sections of 65 pass—
and now 65 lay piled up just at the sema-
phore, about half a mile above the station,
completely wrecked and ruined in that dri-
ving snow!

  “ I—I gave her the clear! ” he choked.
“ What could have stopped her—stopped the
first section and let the second go into her?
What—what—”

   Instinctively he reached for the key, but
before his shaking fingers grasped the disk
he jerked his hand
away, as though from
a cobra. Not yet! Not
till he knew just what
had happened, and
how, and why, did he
dare call Richlands,
up the line, for in-
formation.

  A miss t e p now
would seal his ruin.
Guilty or not, no
matter! There was a
wreck, there, at the
upper end of his
block—and he must
pay!

  To him, through
the swirl and roar
of the storm, drifted
shrieks of pain, the
hiss of steam, a jum-
ble of inchoate noise.

  “ My—Heavens! ”
he gulped. His breath
stifled him. With one
fear-palsied hand he
pressed his forehead,
which was all bead-
ed with a fine, chill
98

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

moisture; the other gripped the table. So
violently it shook that it rattled the cover of
his tobacco-jar which stood beside his in-
strument.

  “My fault! My fault? How could it
be? But they’ll—they’ll blame me, any-
way! I’m done—for life! My finish, and
Clara’s! And—up the line—what—”

  Dazed and smitten as he was, he pulled
himself together. His vigorous manhood
reasserted itself. He squared his big shoul-
ders and started for the door.

  He caught one glimpse of his face in the
little mirror that hung beside his ticket-
rack. It was drawn and bluish-white, with
wide-staring eyes.

   Disregarding the blizzard that raged out-
side, he flung the door wide open.

   Bareheaded, coatless, he stumbled out on-
to the station platform, into the whirling,
drifting snow.

II.

  A moment he stood there, drunk with
uncertainty, sick with fear. The town
seemed dead. There was not a light in any
window up and down the snow-smothered
street. In upon him howled the shrieking
storm, powdering him with stinging ice-
needles that burned his unprotected face
and hands. He shook with a sudden chill.

   The thought of flight burst into his brain.

  He might yet get away; there might still
be time enough for that! A possibility, a
bare chance, existed that he might go clear,
escape, start life again somewhere. But, all
at once, came the vision of Clara. Leave
her? Abandon her, with their betrothal-
ring on her hand? Confess, by flight, a
guilt he did not feel ?

  Never! Better a thousand times to face
the charge, the ordeal, whatever it might
be! Better to stand and take the worst that
the law could give, or lawless men, than
that! Better, ten-thousandfold!

   Gresham bowed his head to the bitter tem-
pest and started up the line. Far away,
somewhere yonder, a dull, ruddy blur was
dancing in the storm. Its ominous and
lurid glow, dimly blotched through the wild
night, told him that fire was already at work
in the trail of collision. The steam no long-
er roared, and the cries of pain were dying;
but other cries, hoarse, unintelligible shouts,
flared down the wind.

  The storm buffeted him. It snatched the
breath from his panting lips, bellowed in
his ears, strove to fling him back, but he

toiled on. The fine, dry snow sifted in long,
eddying lines down the track, hissing in the
driving gale. Gresham felt neither wind
nor snow.

  He felt only a strange exhilaration, a
sudden clearing of his mind and all his
faculties, as the bracing cold smote him.
His fears for self, the first instinct of every
living creature, vanished. In their place
rose up the sense of duty, of help for those
suffering wretches up the line.

  “ I can help—some! ” he panted, as he
broke into a heavy run through the snow,
against the impact of the blizzard. “ They’ll
know, anyhow, I’m not a coward—they’ll
know, some time, it wasn’t my fault! ”

  The cold whipped and stung like lashes
of wire. It choked and strangled him, yet
he ran only the faster—on—on—toward
that brightening glare.

  As he ran, quick thoughts traversed his
brain. He knew that he was blameless. He
recalled perfectly how the fast freight had
roared by Knowlton at 1.10, and how he
had thrown the semaphore to “ Danger ” in
its wake; then, how Green Bay had called,
reporting its entry into that block.

  He remembered absolutely having dropped
the board again. The lever had stuck. He
had thought at the time that snow must have
sifted into the wheels or bearings and stif-
fened them. But the lever had gone clean
home and locked. That he knew. It was
locked now. Was not that proof enough?
He knew perfectly well that he had cleared
his block for the first section of 65.

  That section should have passed at 1.24,
with No. 2 ten minutes behind. Something,
he realized, must have held the first section
at the semaphore. What it had been he
could not even guess.

  Could he ever find out? Would anybody
believe him?

   “ No matter! ” he cried in the night, buck-
ing, head-on, into the storm. “I’ll see it
through, anyhow. Some mistake, some ter-
rible mistake, somewhere! But—why didn’t
they put back a flagman ? ”

   That question staggered him.

  “I’ll know soon enough!” he gasped,
with the breath wheezing in his throat as he
fought his way onward through the savage
night.

III.

  All at once he stopped.

  Men with lanterns were coming toward
him down the track. He saw their lights
AT THE SEMAPHORE.

99

rounding the curve beyond the town, lights
that bobbed swiftly up and down — three
lights, four, six.

  The men were running. Gresham knew,
instinctively, that they were coming for
him!

  Sudden fear gripped him. Danger, ter-
rible danger, was close at hand. One mo-
ment the idea came to turn, to run, to dodge
away somewhere, anywhere, away, away
from those running men.

  That they meant harm he knew. He
might expect little pity at their hands. Short
and final would be the justice from men who
thought that he had piled up the two sec-
tions of special 65, who believed that he had
wrought the terrible destruction, the agony,
the death up there beyond the semaphore.

  He stopped and turned. There was still
time to get away! By morning he could
cover the distance to Fairfax, where the
K. and L. cut through. There he could

jump a freight. One, he knew, pulled out
at 5.42. It would land him in Lewistpn by
noon.

  In Lewiston he could hide up a day or
two with Jerry Spalding. He could rest
awhile, and then disguise himself. Then
he could make Portland and get a cattle-
boat to Liverpool. Even yet he could save
himself—even yet!

  He made a dozen paces back toward the
station. His mind held the clear vision of
the lumber-piles at the spool-mill. Among
those piles he could secrete himself till the
immediate search was over. Then, away by
the Bethel road, or even through the woods,
in the night!

  He broke into an unsteady run.

  “Liverpool for mine!” he cried. Then
he hauled up short.

  “Leave Clara? Own up to it, when I’ve
done nothing? No, sir!”

  Once more he faced about. The men
100

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

were drawing near. Already he could see
their legs running through the snow, with
the lantern-light flickering on them.

  “No!”

  Forward again he plowed, forward to
meet the running men. His face was bone-
white. Down his chin was running a thin
trickle of blood from his lip, where he had
bitten it through; but his head was up. He
was game.

  The men came up to him, blowing and
panting with their run.

  “ Hey! Here he is, the dog! ” cried one,

headlong, right and left. Lanterns were
dashed to earth, where they lay flickering.
The bitter gloom closed in upon the strug-
gling group.

 “ What d’yez mane, you, hittin’ the feller
 whin he’s down? ” roared the powerful Irish
 voice of Big Mack O’Connor, section-boss.

 “His fault, ain’t it?” shouted some one.

“Six dead an’ twenty hurt!” another
cried.

“ I—I threw it to clear!” choked
Gresham. “ You go look—”

“ Shut yer trap! We know what yer

"ARTHUR, lad! WHAT HAVE YOU DONE?"

louder than the storm, thrusting his lantern
into Gresham’s face.

  “I—cleared the line—” began the op-
erator; b,ut he didn't finish. A swift, hard
fist shot out. It caught him on the jaw.
He went down like a plummet across the
rails.

  “You cur!” shouted a voice.

  Kicks thudded on his ribs. He strug-
gled to rise in the snow, but fierce blows beat
him down.

  “ Cowards! ” he shouted with a residue
of breath.

  Suddenly the men were parted and flung

done!” yelled a third. “Get away there,
Mack! Let us at him!”

  “ Nah ! ’Tain’t proved on him—not yet! ”
Mack bellowed, holding them back with his
huge arms. “How d'ye know th’ flagman
o’ No. 1 ain’t t’ blame? Where’s be gone?
How can yez tell that the engineer o' 2 didn't
miss th’ lantern, a blind-drivin’ night like
this? He’s dead now—can’t never tell.
Lantern may have blowed out, too—no tell-
in’. Annyway, the lad's down, don't ye see?
Fair play! Arrh! Yewud?”

  An obstinate, persistent one sprawled,
cursing, on the track
AT THE SEMAPHORE.

101

  “Git up, youse!” commanded Mack.
Gresham felt a strong grip on his shoul-
der. “Git up! Yez had th’ nerve t' face
it, annyhow, an’ not skip out. B’vs, l’ave
him be, ye hear me? I’m keen as annywan
fer punishment, but lie’s got nerve, th’ lad
has! Ain’t no coward, same—as you be,
Lapham, hittin’ when a feller’s down. He’ll
be heard, so he will, or ye’ll lick Big Mack
to a finish, which ain’t been done since I
was siventeen, ye moind ? ”

  Half by himself, half dragged by Mack,
Gresham got to his feet and stood there,
white with snow in the cutting gale.

  He knew the temper of these men, mad-
dened by the wreck and by the fire. He
felt the mob spirit working in them. He
knew their burning eagerness to wreak a
sudden, brutal vengeance for everything on
him, whom erstwhile they had sneered at as
a “gentleman.”

  The dancing lantern - light showed him
one face which he well knew meant murder
—a face distorted with hate, blood-smeared
from the broken nose Mack had just given
it—the face of Barney Lapham.

  Barney was the engineer, that night, on
section one of the special and Barney had
once looked as high as Clara Norton, Gres-
ham’s girl.

  Barney, who never had forgotten, never
would forgive, the answer she had given
him.

  The operator groaned. He understood.
He knew now who had organized this hunt
for him, who had shouted accusation, who
had struck him down and kicked him as he
lay there, prostrate. “With Barney back o’
this, they’ll string me up for certain—if
they can! ”

  Aloud he added, “ better send a man down
to the office, hadn’t you, to call Green Bay
for doctors and the wrecking-crew ? ”

   “ All, we’ll ’tend to all that, never you
mind! ” jibed Lapham. “ Ain’t none o’ your
advice needed now. You’re done!” He
laughed with a malice horrible to hear.

   “ Th’ lad’s right, just th’ same! ” sounded
Dan’s voice. “Bresnahan. you go. Come
011, now, th’ rest o’ yez. Come on, b’y! ”
Hope revived in Gresham. With Big
Mack at hand, he would at least get some-
thing like fair play. Limping with the in-
juries that Lapham’s punishment had given
him, he started up the line in charge of
Mack.

  The huge Irishman held him by the arm
t;> steady him.

   “ Come on,” he repeated. “ They’re want-
in' ye up there, an’ yez’ll have t’ go. But,
by me sowl! ” he added, turning on the
group that straggled after, “ th’ first man o’
ye that lays a hand on him—till ut’s proved
—that man goes down just ahead o’ my
fisht, ye hear ? ”

   Thus, through the storm they beat their
way toward the medley of noise, the swarm-
ing people, the ruddy glare which shone with
ever-brightening blaze about the wreck.

IV.

   It was a gruesome sight, confused beyond
the telling of any words, all the more horrid
and grotesque under the wavering, dancing
lantern-light and the uncertain fire of the
burning coaches.

   Gresham’s heart turned sick within him
at that vision, at the thought that all these
people—some of whom stopped their work
to peer and glower at him, some who came
to meet the little party—laid this ruin and
this death upon his shoulders.

Big Mack stopped, the others with him.

  Gresham’s bloodshot eyes took in the
scene—the cars crushed, splintered, sprawl-
ing out across the ditch, where the impact
of section two, thundering round the curve,
had buckled the waiting train.

   One coach, he saw, lay turned clean over
on its top, trucks in air, shattered windows
gaping at the red ruin over which the bliz-
zard spat its hissing snow-devils.

  Beyond, and through the storm, he saw
an upreared car that the second engine had
ripped into, having hurled it on high as a
mad bull tosses a dog.

   There the blaze burned fiercest, whipped
by the wind; and there dim, laboring figures
chopped with axes, their blows sounding
dull and feeble in the storm. There other
figures flung useless snow upon the flames.

  Thick steam was rising, mingling with
the smoke. Driven by the breath of the tem-
pest, it whirled down the line in wild, fan-
tastics swirls. All was exaggerated, made
strange, unreal, and doubly terrible by the
snow, the storm, the dancing and uncertain
light.

  A stunned and aimless crowd was
gathered round the wreck. Some were half-
dressed, some wounded, some tramping up
and down, shouting, nursing their wounds,
sobbing, wringing their hands in frenzy. A
few were trying to help such of the sur-
viving train-hands as were at work, but all
was demoralization.
102

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Nobody seemed rightly to know what to
do or how to start. Groans, now and then,
came from the heaped-up, burning mass, or
from the baggage-car of the first section.
One or two of the people Gresham recog-
nized as townfolk.

  Little knots of dazed and shivering men
gathered here and there in the lee of the cars
which still clung to the rail. A few came
drifting toward him as he stood there in the
grip of Big Mack. He shuddered as two
men bore a dangling figure past him to the
baggage-car. A woman shrieked somewhere,
then was still. A man limped by, laughing,
swinging a limp arm—a man whose foot-
prints in the snow were stamped with
crimson.

  “Oh, God!” moaned the grief-stricken
operator, covering his face with both hands.
“Did I do this? No! No!”

  “Your fault, you cur! ” cried Barney, his

voice breaking with wild exultation. “ His
fault!” he shouted to the gathering crowd.
“This man’s—here! We’ve • got him—
here’s th’ man! ”

  He shook his fist in Gresham’s face.

  The operator tried to speak, but no words
came to him. He stood there in the storm,
chilled, pale, dumb, staring with dazed eyes
at the wild, hard, ugly faces circling him.

  Was it, he wondered, possible, after all,
that he might have done this thing? Pos-
sible that he might have slept, that he might,
in some unconscious, irresponsible moment,
have thrown that lever back once again to
danger ?

  He did not know. This repetition, this
constant strong assertion of his guilt, beat-
ing in on his numb brain and his shaken
senses, woke there the suggestion of crime,
unwitting crime, but real.

  Had lie done this thing? He could not

' HERE WE ARE,
BOYS ; HERE'S THE
PLACE! "
AT THE SEMAPHORE.

103

Ain't

tell. He glanced about with growing fear.
Strong as he was, this thought stunned him
as it gained ascendency—the thought that,
yes, it might have been his fault.

  “Well?” cried Big Mack, shaking him
by the shoulder. “Well, what yez got i’
say? ”

  “ I—after the freight got into the next
block, I threw the semaphore to clear,”
Gresham managed to make answer. “ Then
I sat—sat down by the stove, and—”

  “Ah-ha!” bellowed Lapham. “Hear
that? He sat down by th’ stove. Gentleman
Artie-boy did. Sat down t’ sleep, t’ dream
of his lady-love, eh ? Left us to pull up here,
an’ section two rip into us? It's all clear
now, you bet! What's he got t" say? What
should he have, I’d like fer to know!
this enough?”

  He flung his hand out at the de-
vastation.

    Ain’t that?”

  He gestured at the semaphore, the
dumbly eloquent accuser. There it
stood beside the track, dim in the
snow-drive, its cross-arm straight out
at “Danger,” its lantern burning red.

It seemed to Gresham to be pointing
right at him—its verdict, “Guilty!”
“Ain’t that enough fer any one. I'd
like t’ know?” cried Barney once
again. “ The line was clear, all right.

Why was it set at ‘Danger’? If it
hadn’t been, we’d gone straight on,
an’ all this wouldn’t happened. Them
six people wouldn’t have been killed
an’ twenty hurt, that's what! Three
cars—”

  “Wa’n’t there a man sent back?” in-
quired a grimy, battered man. “ Some blame
in that, if there wa’n’t!”

  “How do I know?” the engineer spat
savagely, turning on this intruder. “ Prob’lv
there was. His lantern might have got
blowed out, fer all I can tell. Mightn’t have
been seen by Rourke on 2. He's dead:
can’t tell. Henderson, our conductor, can’t,
neither. Knbcked pie-eyed. But what’s th’
use, anyway? This whole thing happened
’cause o’ that! ” Once more he pointed at
the semaphore.

  “What did this here loony block us fer?
What fer—hey? Asleep, that's what, or
dreamin’—moonin’ over that there gal o’
his, that—”

  “Hold on, you!” shouted Gresham, rous-
ing from his daze. H? tore out of Big
Mack’s grip and faced the engineer. The

 ‘you dog!” she cried, "you touch this lad-
 der NOW ! YOU TOUCH ME—IF YOU DARE ! "

dim, uncertain light there in the storm
showed that his eyes were burning like a
tiger's when it springs. “Hold on there;
that's enough! No man like you—”

  Somebody smote him from behind.

  “ Down with him! ” yelled a savage voice.
Gresham staggered, but caught himself, and
turned to strike. Another blow felled him,
as an ax fells an ox upon the killing-bed.;.

  Down into the trampled snow he pitched
once more. Again the kicks and blows
rained in on him.

  “ Danged av I don’t think ye’re right
there, Barney, afther all! ” Big Mack de-
clared. “Th- murdherer! I’m t’rough wid
’im!”

  The crowd grew big and turbulent. From
the wrecked and burning cars men came on
the run. Lawlessness raised its venomous
head. In that confusion, no authority
reigned to strangle it. Mob law!
104

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ String him up! ” yelled some one. “No
use waitin’ for th’ courts to bungle it!”
“Hang him on the semaphore! That’s
where he b’longs! ” howled Barney.

  Somebody passed him a rope—a noosed
and knotted bell-cord.

  The rope whirled out through the chill
murk and fell over Gresham’s head. Barney
drew the noose tight.

  “ Come on, boys! ” he yelled exultantly.
Half a dozen men grabbed the bell-cord
and started down the track, half dragging
and half leading Gresham. He struggled
to hold back, but others kicked him for-
ward. A crowd of people, some violently
angry, some protesting all to no avail, some
merely dazed with the shock, with wonder,
and with cold, trailed on behind.

  “Here we are, boys; here’s the place!”
yelled Barney. “Hold the cuss, you! I'll
go up th’ ladder with the rope! ”

V.

  A sudden, swift commotion in the crowd.
A woman came thrusting through with wild
determination. Her voice rose clear,
stronger than the jibes and threats:

  “Arthur! Arthur, lad! What’s this?
What have you done ? ”

  “ Clara! ” cried Gresham. “ You mustn’t
see this! Go away! ”

“ What is it? What have you done? ”
“Nothing, so help me~God! Nothing—
but take you from this cur! ” He struck
out swiftly. Barney went down. A great
yell burst from the mob.

  “String him! Up! Up!” shrieked some.
“Hold on! Let’s see—find out!” cried
others.

  “ He done it, an’ lie’s got t’ swing, gal or
no gal! ” roared Barney, struggling up out
of the snow and starting for the ladder.
The girl was quicker. She leaped onto it,
and clung there, defiant. The wind flailed
her long cloak, whipped her hair, all pow-
dered with snow, about her face. By the
light of lanterns and blazing wreckage, her
eyes shone like twin fires of blue.

  She gripped the stinging cold iron cross-
bars with her left hand, and with her right
thrust Barney back.

  “You dog!” she cried. “You touch this
ladder now! You touch me—if you dare! ”
The engineer, balked in his plan, swore
horribly^.

  “ All right, stay there an’ freeze! ” he
said. “ Much good to you! There’s poles
enough, I guess. Come on, you fellers! ”

  But Big Mack snaked the bell-cord from
his grip, and sent him reeling with one
swing of his huge elbow. The fickle mob
yelled its approval.

  “This bloody thing ain’t settled yit!”
he roared.

  “Arthur!” pleaded the girl. '“Tell me
the truth! Did you do this ? ”

  “The lever’s thrown, and locked!” he
cried. “That’s my proof! I’m innocent!
Let ’em hang me if they want to—if it’ll do
any good! I’m innocent! ”

  Far away down the line echoed a faint,
shrill whistle.

  “ Th’ wreckin’-train! ” shouted Barney,
rallying to the attack once more. “ Come
on, boys; we ain’t got no time to lose. No
matter what he says, he done it, an’ he’s got
to stretch hemp. There’ll be no justice done
if we don’t give it to him. Up he goes! ”
But 110 one heeded him. With a cry' the
girl pointed to a dark patch melted in the
snow, some dozen yards away.

  Her eve had seen, up there on the ladder,
that the semaphore-wire hung slack. She
had followed that wire, and near the place
she pointed at a loose end of it lay.

  “See! Look! It’s broken!” she cried
with joyful exultation.

  “It’s broke? What’s broke? Where?
What?” the many voices echoed.

  “ The wire! Broken! Burned in two! ”
Down from the ladder she leaped.
Through the crowd she pushed her way.
Through the snow she ran.

  They followed, wondering — all but
Gresham and the engineer. Half dazed by
this strange turn of fate, Gresham stood
there in the storm, striving with numb fin-
gers to loosen the knotted bell-cord from his
throat. The engineer, with one last curse,
struck him a savage blow, then turned and
fled. Up the track he ran, silently, swiftly,
past the wreck—away, beyond the fire-light,
and so out into the darkness of the storm.

  Once more the whistle of the wrecking-
train sounded, nearer now, flinging its mes-
sage of help, of rescue, out through the tem-
pest and the night.

  Gresham, freed now from the noose,
limped down to meet the crowd which came
streaming back to him. Big Mack was in
the lead.

  “Of all th’ miracles!” cried the Irish-
man. “Here, look, will yez? Look, an’
fergive us, av y'e can! Look, b’y!”

  He stretched forth his great hand. In it
lay something—a rounded, charred, red
AT THE SEMAPHORE.

105

stump of wood, the size of a spinning-top.
It had a steel spike at its lower end.
“What?” queried Gresham.

  “ There! ” answered Clara. “ There’s
the criminal! ”

   “ That burned-out flare ? ”

  “The same!” shouted Mack. “ Shure,
an’ they must have throwed it from the fast
freight to kape section one from runnin’ too
close. It’s good fer twinty minutes, ye’ll
mind. Wind can’t put it out, ner water
drown it, an’ it’s hotter than fire itself.”

  “ And it struck under the wire—burned
it through! ” the girl cried. “ Set the board
at ‘ Danger,’ you see! ”

  Big Mack stretched out his hand.

“An’ will yez shake, lad? Fergive all?”
Gresham’s cold fingers closed upon the
massive palm. The section-boss gripped
like a vise, but Gresham never winced.

That pain was pleasure. Upon his back he
felt the friendly impact of strong hands.
Somebody threw a coat over his shoulders.

  “ Come on, b’ys,” said the Irishman.
“ Come, lave th’ lad be, now. There’s work
fer us. Th’ wreckin’-train’ll be here now
in no time.”

  He walked away. Gresham and Clara
were left beside the semaphore.

  The man stooped and picked up some-
thing—the stub-end of the flare, which Mack
had dropped.

  “Here, girl,” said he. “Only for you—
and that—”

  She took it and slipped it into her bosom.
“We’ll keep that, eh?” said Gresham.
“Keep it—you and I?”

  “ Always! ” she answered, smiling, though
there were tears in her blue eyes as Gresham
took her in his arms.

REVERSE-BAR IS THE THING.

Veteran Engineer Places More Importance in That Lever Than in the
Throttle.

A VETERAN engineer, who at the age of fifty-
six has been serving on express-trains for
twenty years, recently took a short vacation, visit-
ing Chicago, where he met an old friend. To the
question, “ How does it feel to run a mile-a-
minute train ? ” he answered:

  “ Feel? Man, that’s the only time I live. When
I climb up on the high seat, jam my cap over my
eyes, and reach for the reverse-bar, I’m not the
man you see now. I’ve fed on the excitement so
long as I’m a fiend for it now—a ‘ speed-dope.’

  “ Many a night I've driven my train—and made
time, loo—when il was snowing so hard I’d have
to run ahead while we were taking water to see
if the headlight was still burning. My 1 smoke ’
and I couldn’t tell it from the cab—nothing ahead
but a wall of black. Sometimes we wouldn’t know
we were moving, except for the tossing of the
engine on the track.

  “Did you know that an engine has a heart?"
he rambled on. “You've seen a doctor feel a
patient’s pulse when he wants to find out what’s
the matter with his works? Well, that’s the way
we do it. When we rush through, the night, may-
be with death around the next curve, we don't sit
with our hands on the throttle, as the engineers
do in the story-books. Reverse-bar, that's it.

  “ The reverse - bar’s the engine's heart. We
never let our hand release its clutch on the re-
verse. It beats with the engine's life, and when

  anything's wrong it beats fast or slow or it jumps
a beat, like an old guy’s heart. Then we know,
we shut off steam and climb down to see.”

  “ Is it true that engines vary and men get at-
tached to different ones?”

  “True? Course it’s true. Engines are just
like women—some are contrary all the time and
some are agreeable all the time. Some smile and
then put poison in your coffee. Some you scold
and some you kiss. My old 39—latest type, big-
gest made, one o' three—why, I’m married to her
and I wouldn’t give her up for half my pay. I’ve
had her three years now. When she goes I’ll go.”
“ Don’t you feel the responsibility when you’re
pulling a train-load of passengers? ”

  “ That’s what the ‘ old man ’ asked me once.
‘ I never stopped to think of it,’ I answered him.

  “‘What?’ he yelled, jumping up and banging
down his fist. ‘You didn’t? Why didn’t you?'

  “' ’Cause if I did I’d go crazy,’ I told him.

‘ There's only me and my “ smoke " in sight, and
when we’re running through fog or storm or snow,
I look across at where lie’s shoveling coal, calm
like, and say to myself: “ There’s only you and
Danny here, and Danny's going ahead with his
work. Now you’re going to do the same, and
you ain’t going to think about anything else.
You're going to bring yourself and Danny through,
and if you two come through, the rest will fol-
low.” ' ”—New York World.
WHAT’S THE ANSWER?

Questions
Answered
for

Railroad Men

By

Ligki

ASK US!

WE like to be as useful to our readers as we can ; but, because of the great popularity of
this department, we are forced to impose certain restrictions. It is limited to the
answering of questions of an informative, technical, or historical nature only. Letters
concerning positions WILL NOT be answered in this department. All letters should be signed
with the full name of the writer, as an indication of his good faith. We will print only his initials.

WHAT is meant by the “ factor of safety? ”—
M. B., Boston.'

  If a boiler of such material and strength that it
will stand a pressure of 500 pounds per square
inch before bursting is run at 100 pounds pressure,
the factor of safety is 5. In other words, the fac-
tor of safety represents the proportion between
the breaking or bursting strength and the pressure
or load carried. In American practice, 5 as the
factor is generally recognized in the design.

IS there much of a chance for a man in wireless
telegraphy ?

       (2)	What is the best way to learn this
business? Would it take long, provided that you
have already learned telegraphy?

  (3)	Is the Morse or a special code used?

  (4)	What is the average salary of a wireless
telegraph operator?—N. B. N., Independence,
Virginia.

  (1)	We should say that there should be a fair
chance. This occupation is largely centered in the
shipping business, and the reason why the chance
is better therein than in telegraphy ashore, is be-
cause the acceptance of such positions afloat means
the absence from home of two-thirds of the time,
which is not particularly appealing, in view of the
low salaries paid.

  Replying here to your question, Xo. 4, we might
add that the salaries, including board, on the
majority of ocean steamships are between $40 and
$50 per month.

  (2)	If you understand telegraphy, the game
is practically won. Several schools teach wireless
in the regular course for a small payment. The
best advice, however, is to Write to some steamship
line direct, and jt^will instruct you on the best
course to pursue. The same information can be
obtained from the United Wireless or the Mar-
coni Companies; address of both, New York City,
N. Y.

  (3)	They use what is called the Continental
Code, in which the spaces in the Morse Code let-
ters become dashes, because, for instance, it would
be confusing to send the short space in the Morse

“o” (- -) by wireless.

DR., Rockford, Illinois.—The reason why the

•	water works up and down in a locomo-
tive water-glass has never been clearly established,
although, logically, it would follow that this move-
ment simply represents what is going on in the
boiler, provided that the top and bottom valves
of the glass are performing their proper functions.
There must, of course, be at all times a slight
movement, because the ebullition of water in the
BY THE LIGHT OF THE LANTERN.

107

boiler is quite violent under the influence of rapid
combustion, no matter whether the locomotive is
moving or stationary. This, under normal con-
ditions, should affect the glass one or two inches
maybe. Any greater variation than this may be
ascribed to dirty water in the boiler, the presence
of some detrimental foreign substance, or foaming
or priming. It is very seldom that the water re-
mains absolutely stationary. If so, it may be
taken as an indication that the circulation in the
glass has become impeded.

<gt

JB., Brooklyn.—You must always pass the ex-

•	amination required by the road of your
choice before going on as a fireman. This con-
sists of a reading and hearing test, in addition lo
an examination to determine visual acuteness.
This latter is not so much a reading test as in
former years, but is based on the faculty for dis-
tinguishing variations in colors, and the actual
positions of dummy semaphores which are opera-
ted at a distance by the examiner.

•J*

WHAT is meant by the term “ cylinder clear-
ance?"—C. T. R., Richmond, Virginia.

  It means the space in the cylinder and steam-
ports between piston-head (when at extreme end
of stroke) and valve-face. It is generally given
in percentage of cylinder. In locomotive work it
varies from 10 per cent to 20 per cent. This is
space which must be filled at each stroke, and
which does no useful work. Some clearance is
necessary to prevent the piston from striking the
cylinder-head, and the space is also necessary for
the compression to cushion the piston at the end
of its stroke.

■J*

IS paper in any form used in the manufacture
of car or locomotive-wheels? If so, in what
per cent ?—O. A. J., Oakland, California.

  This properly refers to the Allen paper wheel.
It is made by riveting a center of compressed
paper between two plates of iron or steel. The
compressed paper can be turned and polished like
wood. The hub of such wheels is of iron or steel,
and a steel tire is also put on, so that the so-called-
“ paper car-wheel ” is in reality only paper in the
center. It is in extremely limited use, and when
employed will be found only under passenger-cars.

  From a recent article on “Paper Car-Wheels ”
in Harper’s Weekly, we quote the following:

  We naturally think of paper as something lack-
ing in strength, and of a paper article as being
fragile, so are somewhat alarmed when an en-
cyclopedic friend remarks that the wheels of the
car on which we are slipping along at the rate of
a mile a minute are made of paper.

This opportunity to be alarmed occurs, how-
ever, on only the best of railways, as paper car-
wheels, though safer and longer lived than any

others, are also more expensive. The principal
advantage of wheels made from this unpromising
material is found in the fact that they are not in-
jured by the violent vibrations to which car-
wheels are subjected.

  The paper used in the manufacture of these
wheels is known as calendered rye straw board,
or thick paper. It is sent to the car-wheel shops
in circular sheets measuring twenty-two to forty
inches in diameter, and over each of these sheets
is spread an even coating of flour paste.

  A dozen sheets are placed one on the other
and the lot subjected to hydraulic pressure of
500 tons or more. After two hours pressure,
these sheets, which have now become a solid block,
are kept for a week in a drying-room at a tem-
perature of 120 degrees, after which a number of
blocks are pasted together, pressed, and dried for
a second week.

  A third combination of layers is then made,
after which there is an entire month of drying.
The final block contains 120 to 160 sheets of the
original paper and is four and one-half to five
inches in thickness. All resemblance to paper has
been lost, the block in weight, density, and solidity
approximating the finest grained, heaviest metal.

  To complete the wheel there .are required a
steel tire, a cast-iron hub, wrought-iron plates
to protect the paper on either side, and two circles
of bolts, one set passing through the flange of the
tire, the other through the flange of the hub, and
both sets through the paper.

  The paper blocks are turned on a lathe, which
also reams out the center hole for the hub; two
coats of paint are applied to keep out moisture.
The various parts are next assembled and the
paper car-wheel is complete.

  As may be readily understood, paper which has
received the treatment described may be used for
almost any purpose for which metal or wood is
used, if not too much exposed to dampness, and
to all practical purposes it is fire-proof.

LE., Garber, Missouri. — (1) There is no

•	such whistle signal as three short blasts,
when the train is running. The nearest we can
find to it is three blasts of about one second each
duration. This is the engineer’s signal that the
train has broken in two, or parted. It is very
seldom used in these latter days, because, when
the train parts with the continuous brake, now in
universal use, everybody knows about it without
any whistling being necessary, or, in fact, any
kind of reminder.

  (2)	The expression “high ball" means, to all
intent and purpose—“ get out of town.” There
are several stories as to its origin, the most plau-
sible being that, in the early days of railroading,
trains were started by hoisting a ball to the top
of a pole. When the ball went up, it was the
signal lo the engineer to start. It is now generally
given by raising a lamp high over head and hold-
ing it so while the train approaches. A “high
108

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

ball,” properly displayed, looks pretty good when
you are beating it somewhat faster than the law
allows through a crowded yard. It implies, with-
out wasting further energy, that you are safe to
come ahead as fast as you like.

  (3)	The number of trains which an average
despatcher handles on his trick, necessarily de-
pends on the amount of business done by his divi-
sion. We don’t sec how we can answer a question
so vague in any other form than this. If you
want to know how many trains it is possible for
a single despatcher to handle on a trick, we might
supplement our reply by the statement th;it we
have known 113 passenger-trains to be handled
on double track in an eight-hour trick, with, of
course, the usual quota of freights, works and
what not. The actual number of trains handled
by a despatcher is no criterion of his work or
ability, because, in the presence of a practically
faultless System such as prevails, for instance, on
the eastern end of the New York, New Haven and
Hartford road, the dcspatcher’s work must neces-
sarily be lighter with one hundred trains than un-
der happy-go-lucky conditions with only half that
number in operation.

  (4)	We don't know what you mean by your
question, “ Is it safe for an operator to recopy
train orders?” These things come in as original
copies, are repeated back, and made “ correct ’’ by
the despatchcrs. As this procedure is always on
carbons, dependent on the number wanted, where
does the copying feature come in ?

■J*

DO the railroads have leases on the freight-
cars bearing their name or do they own
them?—W. D., Newburg, New York.

   The large majority of freight-cars are owned by
the various railroads, and, in many instances, they
are owned also' by some equipment trust company.
They are seldom, however, paid for in cash. A
few railroads purchase all or a large part of their
equipment through the sale of long-time bonds:
but, in most cases, the equipment is acquired
through the issuance of securities designated as
“ car-trusts,” “ equipment bonds,” or “ equipment
notes.”

   These are paid off in instalments by the rail-
roads purchasing the rolling stock, the money be-
ing provided from earnings. In practically all
cases, the bonds are paid off serially; the first in-
stalment being payable in ten years, although the
life of the equipment is about seventeen years for
a wooden freight-car, and twenty years for a steel
car. After the final instalment is paid, all of the
outstanding bonds provided for the equipment be-
long to the- railroad.

  Under the terms of the indentures covering
cquipment-bonds, it is stipulated that the rail-
roads must at all times keep all of the equipment
in complete repair and good working condition.
They must replace any equipment which may be
worn out, lost or destroyed. At least once a year,
they must furnish the trustee with a full siate-

 ment as to its location and condition. In addition,
 the railroads must keep the equipment insured
 against loss or damage. All these .expenses are
 borne by the railroads; but it is, of course, to be
 assumed from the standpoint of their own best
 interests, that they will take proper care of the
 equipment, which ultimately will pass to their
 ownership.

  In answer to your questions 2 and 3, which we
did not consider of sufficient importance to re-
produce, the Pennsylvania, with almost double the
mileage of the other systems, must necessarily do
the greatest passenger business, and especially as
it passes through practically every prominent city
east of the Mississippi River.

■Jt

VIJ T. M., San Antonio, Texas.—A revised

  ' ▼ • edition of the Air-Brake Catechism and
Instruction Book has lately been issued by C. B.
Conger. This is worded in everyday lucid English
which any one can understand. The price is one
dollar, and the book can likely be procured through
Railway and Locomotive Engineering, 114 Liberty
Street, New York City.

■J*

LC. R., Hayes, South Dakota.—With the ex-

•	ception of the Empire State and the Twen-
tieth Century limiteds, which were not running in
1870. the general schedule time of the New York
Central trains was almost as fast in 1870 as it is
at present. Even at that comparatively early stage,
it was possible to put a train through from New
^ ork to Albany in less than four hours, and to
Buffalo in less than twelve hours. The New York
Central was noted at that period for making about
the fastest time in everyday practise in the country,
and its locomotives served as patterns for those
of many roads.

JD. F., Savannah, Georgia.—You should take

•	up the matter regarding the train on which
you desire information, with the nearest Southern
Railway agent in your vicinity. Write him and he
will take pleasure in furnishing it.

CAN a telegraph message be transmitted from
San Francisco to New York without being
repeated, either by an operator or an in-
strument?

  (2)	What is a “quad? ”

  (3)	How far can a telegraph message be sent
by an operator on a straight line? I mean in
practise, not theory. — W. H. V., Bellingham,
Washington.

  (1)	Yes, but it is exceptional practise. The
ordinary procedure in sending messages between
the points named is, San Francisco to Ogden to
Chicago to New York; or, San Francisco to Den-
ver to Chicago to New York.

A direct wire would probably be arranged for
BY THE LIGHT OF THE LANTERN.

109

 under certain conditions, if, for instance, the San
 Francisco office had an accumulation of night
 messages for New York. It would be more con-
 sistent to send these through in a bunch and would
 be easily possible by simply increasing the carry-
 ing power of the line.

(2)	Sending and receiving on the same wire.

 (3)	It is hard to reply to this question intelli-
 gently as so many items bearing thereon have to
 be taken under consideration, among which are
 weather and climatic conditions. A spider's web
 between wires would cause a leak if it became
 wet on a rainy day. Rain itself is a serious im-
 pediment to long-distance working. A message,
 however, can be sent across the continent under
 the conditions which you describe as we replied
 to your first question.

J*

WHAT is the capacity of a tank, 5 feet 5 in-
ches in diameter by 6 feet in height?

         (2) How much per vertical inch?

(3)	How is this calculation determined?

(4)	How much will a tank hold of the follow-
ing dimensions; 6 feet 9'/i inches long, 4 feet 11
inches wide, and 4 feet 2l/2 inches high, and also
how much will it hold per vertical inch?

(5)	Where can I get a book showing how to
determine it?—C. M. J., Central City, Kentucky.

(lj 1034 gallons.

(2)	14.36 gallons.

(3)	Multiply area of base in inches by height
in inches, and result is contents in cubic inches.
For contents in gallons divide this result by 231.

Example: 5 ft., 5 in.,=65 In.

6 ft., =72 in.

65 x 65 x .7854=3318 sq. in., area of base.

3318 x 72=238896 cubic in., contents of tank.

238896-^231=1034 gallons, total capacity.

Capacity per vertical inch is 1034-^72=14.36
gallons.

(4)	Total capacity, 1055J/2 gallons. Capacity
per vertical inch, 29 gallons.

(5)	Any school arithmetic contains the rules
for these very simple problems.

&

WHY are fast trains making no stops called
“ iimited ? ”

          (2)	Is there any publication pertain-
ing lo or containing information on the telegraph
profession except The Railroad Telegrapher, of the
O. R. T.?—C. E. B., Centretown, Missouri.

  (1)	In the early days of railroading, all trains
stopped at all stations. The scheduled arriving
time at the destination was more or less an un-
certain quality, and was generally recognized as
such. When trains making fewer or no stops were
eventually put in service, it was announced that
the time was limited to that given on the time-
table. In other words, such trains would be fa-
vored to get over the road within the time speci-
fied, making them more dependable than others
not so designated. The term which is used in these
days in connection with certain fast trains has

no real significance. In modern railroading, it is
insisted upon by the management that all trains
shall leave and arrive on time, irrespective of their
class or importance; so, in reality, all trains are
“ limited.”

  (2) No, the publication you mention is the
only one on that subject of which we have any

knowledge.

ARE there any locomotives in use on American
railroads with drivers 84 inches in diameter,
or more ?

  (2) What are the principal dimensions of the
Prarie type locomotives used on the Lake Shore
and Michigan Southern Railroad?—J. L., Lon-
don, Ontario.

  (1)	The Chicago, Milwaukee and St. Paul
Railroad has an Atlantic type class, compound,
with 85-inch drivers. These engines were built
in 1907, and have the highest wheel of any in
passenger service in this country. In our practise,

78	or 80 inches is generally regarded as the maxi-
mum limit.

   (2)	Tractive force, 27,850 lbs.; cylinders, dia-
meter and stroke, 21% by 28 in.; steam pressure,
200 lbs. per sq. in.; diameter of driving-wheels,

79	in.; total engine-wheel base, 34 ft., 3 in.;
weight on driving-wheels, 165,200 lbs.; total weight
of engine, 233,000 lbs.; water capacity of tender,
S,000 gallons; coal capacity of tender, 15 tons.

■Jt

JQ. O., San Diego, California.—We have no

•	record of the height of the bridge which
you mention, but the Kinzua viaduct on the Erie
Railroad is generally credited as being the highest.
It is about 320 feet above the bed of the stream
at the bottom of the ravine which it spans.

■Jt

PB. A., Washington, District of Columbia.—

•	(1) As an assistant, in the division-en-
ginecr's office of some railroad would be about
the best place to start. You will thus obtain
valuable experience in field work. Call on a divi-
sion-engineer of some railroad entering Washing-
ton, and he will, no doubt, be glad to advise you.

  (2)	There are any number of books on civil
and railway engineering. Apply to Railway Age
Gazette, New York or Chicago, for list of such
works. They can get any book for you which
they do not regularly carry.

  (3)	Division engineers receive on an average
about $150 per month. On some roads, of course,
the pay is much higher. The salaries of other po-
sitions in that department run from $65 to $125
per month.

,4

WHAT is meant by the ratio of cylinders?—
F. B., Cumberland, Maryland.

  Relation or proportion which one bears to the
other. It is used mostly in speaking of compound
locomotives. If the high pressure cylinder was 10
110

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

inches in diameter, and the low pressure cylinder
20 inches, the ratio is 1 to 4, because circular
areas vary as the square of the diameter. There-
fore, if 10 x 10=100, and 20 x 20=400, the ratio
is 1 to 4.

jf

OJ. G., Rochester, New York.—Of the three

•	New York Central engines which you
mention, we have only the weight of the 3565,
Pacific (4-6-2 type), which is 171,500 on drivers,
and 266,000 lbs., total engine. For the others, we
would suggest that you get in touch with Mr.
Steele, master mechanic of that road in Rochester,
who, no doubt, has the information in tabulated
form and would be pleased to give it lo you.

•J*

EH., Mesa, Arizona.— (1) Trains are not

•	ferried across San Francisco harbor from
Oakland to San Francisco. The terminal of the
•Southern Pacific Railroad is Oakland mole. Pas-
sengers make the trip across the bay by ferry.

  (2)	We have not been advised that the rail-
road mentioned is constructing additional (rack
in that territory.

  (3)	The only trains in the United States
which maintain a speed better lhan 60 miles per
hour, from start to finish, are on the Reading
and on the Pennsylvania Railroads between Cam-
den. New Jersey, and Atlantic City, New Jersey.

GS., Indianapolis.—Theoretically, there is no

•	difference between the pulling and push-
ing power of a locomotive^ As a rule, when placed
ahead of a train they start it better, as they have
the advantage of taking up the slack between the
cars in succession. When pushing behind, this
cannot be done, and the entire weight must be
started as a unit.

WHAT is the salary of a locomotive engineer
to start with?—J. K., New York City.

  In this country, the roads do not have graded
men as they do abroad, consequently, a newly
promoted runner is entitled to what the job pays,
which he is fortunate enough to catch while serv-
ing on the extra list. There may be some few
roads which hold a new engineer to reduced pay
for about a year, but we cannot recall any at this
writing. Engineers are paid all the way from
S3.50 per hundred miles to $4.50, all depending
on the terms of the agreement with the company,
section of the country, size of engine, etc.

v*

HOW does an engine take water “ on the fly ” ?

(2)	What roads are so equipped?

        (3)	Are electric locomotives used in the
West?—J. R. T., Indianapolis, Indiana.

  (1)	By means of a water-scoop. This is a
device for putting water in a locomotive-tender,
while in motion, from a trough laid between the
rails, sometimes called a “ track-tank." It con-

sists of a cast-iron or steel-plate conduit of rect-
angular cross-section, about 8 inches by 12 in-
ches, passing up through the tender-tank and
turned over at the top so as to discharge the water
downward. The lower end, underneath the ten-
der-frame, is fitted with a scoop or dipper, that
can be lowered into the trough by a lever'worked
by hand, or by compressed air applied in a cylin-
der, whose piston-rod is connected to the mechan-
ism for raising and lowering the scoop. Owing to
its inertia, the water is forced up through the
siphon-pipe into the tender-tank when the scoop
moves through the trough at a speed of from 25
to 40 miles per hour.

  (2)	Practically all roads where fast trains are
employed have track-troughs.

  (3)	Only to a very limited extent. With a
few exceptions, it may be said that their use is
limited to the section east of the Mississippi River.
Seventy-five per cent of them are, no doubt, east of
Pittsburgh.

S

WHAT railroads enter Rochester, and what
are the names of their master mechanics?

—J. M., Ogdensburg, New York.

  The Buffalo, Rochester and Pittsburgh; F. J.
Harrison, DuBois, Pennsylvania, and W. H. Wil-
liams, East Salamanca, New York, master mechan-
ics. The Erie Railroad. F. G. De Saussure, master
mechanic, Avon, New York. The New Ybrk
Central and Hudson River Railroad. F. M. Steele,
master mechanic, Rochesler, New York.

LN. D.. Indiana, Pennsylvania.—The road-

•	foremen of engines on the Sante Fe at
Topeka, Kansas, and Albuquerque, New Mexico,
are respectively L. Wellman and B. Lynch. We
do not find any record of one stationed at Winfield,
Kansas, but R. J. Buswell is in that capacity at
Wellington, Kansas.

RE., Hamilton, Washington.—Statistics cover-

•	ing the total railroad mileage of the world,
total locomotives, passenger and freight-cars, is
not available in compiled form at this writing.
As soon as we can dig it out, we will answer you
in this department.

AJ. F„ Denver, Colorado.—As you have some

•	knowledge of mechanics, and are desi-
rous of ultimately becoming an engineer, if you
do not want to go on the road now as a fireman,
why not try to secure employment in some round-
house as a machinist’s helper? This will make
you familiar with a locomotive and you willl gain
experience which will be of much benefit to you
in the fulure. We have always believed and ad-
vocated that a fireman should have at least one
year’s roundhouse experience before going on the
road, but there are no roads that we know of
where such a sensible procedure is ihe rule.
ONE BOTTLE OF “WATER.”

BY R. M. WEST.

         The Tragedy That Came to Pass Just Because
         One Saloon-Keeper Had to Make a Dollar.

HE summer of 1867 found our
company at Cheyenne, Wyo-
ming. The Union Pacific line
was being built toward that
town, and things were boom-
ing. At Cheyenne, we camped
on Crow Creek, and remained for nearly
two weeks. From a company of infantry
that passed us in wagons, we learned that all
the upper forts and all the Powder River
were being abandoned. The troops at Fort
C. F. Smith, Fort Phil Kearney, and Fort
Keno were to be distributed along the line
of the railroad.

  The officer in command of the men just
passed gave instructions to our lieutenant,
and he sent ten of us under command of
Sergeant Ellis farther up the line. We
camped at Dale Creek to wait for a bat-
talion of the Eighteenth Infantry that was
expected. Our sergeant had sealed orders
for the officer in command of the coming
outfit.

  The telegraph lines were down, and troops
marching between the upper forts had no
means of communicating with the outside
world or each other, except with messengers.

  After camping at Dale Creek about a
week, we saw the dust raised by the expected
party. It turned out to be a much larger
outfit than we looked for—three full com-
panies and a large wagon-train with Major
Whitehead in command.

  It was such a strange-looking caravan
that it seemed like a circus. The men had
been up in the wilderness so long that they

had nearly forgotten about the ways of civi-
lization. Each company had its pets and
mascots—bears, prairie-dogs, deer, antelope,
and horned frogs. Nick White had a moun-
tain-lion. They had more Indian relics
than would fill two wagons.

  Good men they were, and had seen hard
fighting, and it was at Fort Phil Kearney
that C company of my regiment was mas-
sacred. After reading his orders, the major
told Sergeant Ellis that we were to return
to Fort Sedgwick and that we were to travel
with his command until rejoining our own
men farther down the line. This was good
news to us, and soon we were on excellent
terms with the Eighteenth, and listening
to their stories about the Bad Lands of
Dakota.

  The men had plenty of money. Where
they had been there were not many ways of
spending it. There was no liquor to be had
unless it was smuggled, and this cost so
much that, unless a man was a great lover
of whisky, he would not pay the price. As
it was well known that the railroad was to
be built soon, there were all kinds of houses
going up along the line of the survey, and
most of them were saloons.

* That but yesterday some of these houses
had been burned out and the inmates killed
by the Indians did not matter; to-day men
were to be found erecting new ones on the
still warm ashes. There was a great rush
of daring men to reap the rich harvest.

  The soldiers, if camped anywhere near
these hells, would steal out and visit these
112

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

houses at night. At Dale City, there were,
probably, a dozen houses in all. These were
sometimes built of sod dug on the prairie,
others had a light wooden frame covered
with a tent, while others were known as
“holes in the wall.” They were made by
digging into the side of a hill and fixing
up a front of grain bags, raw hides, old
blankets, or anything that came handy.

  At the time the battalion of the Eighteenth
Infantry went by, it numbered thirty men,
all told. The night they camped there
some of the men asked for a pass to visit
Dale City for a few hours between roll-call
and taps. The officers were not in favor of
giving the passes. They knew there was
nothing to be bought but the worst kind of
whisky that man ever drank; still, they gave
passes to a few.

  Company H had a man named Brown.
He asked for a pass, but his captain, know-
ing his love for liquor, refused.

  After dark, Brown ran the lines and re-
mained away all night. He did not ap-
pear until after “ reveille ” in the morning.
He was not drunk when he came into camp
in the morning, for he had slept off the ef-
fects to some extent on the prairie between
the town and camp.

  The men were at breakfast when Brown
was seen to enter camp. He was at once put
under guard and Lieutenant Hill, of his
company, sent word to the sergeant of the
guard that Brown was to be compelled to
march all that day and carry his full outfit.

  This meant that he was to wear his
knapsack with all that goes with it, one
blanket, one overcoat, a change of clothes,
his gun, and his full allowance of cart-
ridges.

  It was something very unusual for any
man under guard to carry a gun and am-
munition; to be armed, in fact. I never
knew it to be done but that once.

  Brown was a sick man. The morning
was very warm and it gave promise of be-
ing a torrid day. The prospect before
Brown was a bad one. He asked permission
to speak to Lieutenant Hill, and the ser-
geant took him, with a guard, to see the
officer. Brown said to the lieutenant:

  “ I am very sick and not able to stand
the punishment to-day. I can scarcely hold
my head up.”

  Hill said: “ If you had remained in camp
last night and had not drunk so much bad
whisky you would not be sick to-day.
Whose fault is it. yours or mine?”

   “Well,” said Brown, “ if you will let me
off to-day you may give any punishment
you like to-morrow.”

   “Oh," said the lieutenant, “you give me
that privilege, do you? Well, you will
walk to-day just as I have ordered; and
don’t give me one more word of back talk!
Take him back, sentry, and tell the sergeant
not to send him to me again! ”

   Brown tried to speak again, but the lieu-
tenant lost his temper and said: “If you
utter another word, I will tie you to the tail
of a mule and let him drag you or kick you
as he likes! ”

   The guard hurried Brown to the rear, and
he took his place in the center of the guard
to take up his awful punishment. I say
awful punishment, for the man was very
sick, no matter what the cause.

  The column started. Brown blundered
along for about an hour and again begged
to be brought before the lieutenant, which,
of course, the sergeant dared not do without
permission.

  Brown then asked to see the commanding
officer. If an enlisted man wishes to speak
to an officer, he must first obtain the per-
mission of his sergeant. The commanding
officer refused to interfere. Brown kept
begging to be allowed to again speak to
Lieutenant Hill.

  The sergeant of the guard, seeing that
his prisoner was in a bad way, went himself
to Lieutenant Hill and got the necessary
permission for Brown. The entire com-
mand was halted for a short rest, and Brown
was brought forward.

  Hill said: “Well, what is it now?
Didn't I tell you not to come to me again? ”
Brown replied: v“ ‘ Lieutenant,’ it is im-
possible for me to march any farther. I
am not able to stand it. I would rather
die.”

   Hill said: “ You will stand it, and you
must stand it! When you think you can’t
stand up, why, fall down, and I will find a
way to drag you along.” Hill said this not
like an officer, but in a sneering, tantalizing
way and with a devilish smile on his face.

  Brown was swaying and about to fall.
His case was no longer one of punishment
between officer and private. It had become
one of torture, to gratify the officer’s curi-
osity.

   All this time, the lieutenant was pulling
his chin whisker with his gloved hand and
smilingly goading his helpless prisoner into
an insane frenzy.
ONE BOTTLE OF “WATER.”

113

  Brown lowered his head a moment, then
looked up and said in a low, tense voice:

  “I cannot walk any longer to-day; and
I won’t.”

  Before any one could stop him, he drop-
ped his musket into the hollow of his left
arm and fired.

  The lieutenant fell dead. He did not
utter even one groan.

  Instantly Brown inslipped a fresh car-
tridge, but Major Whitehead grappled with
him, and, with the help of Captain Gal-
braith, wrenched the gun from the des-
perate man. Brown was too weak to offer
more than momentary resistance and ceased
struggling. No one had much to say—we
were stunned.

  The major threw the cartridge from
Brown’s gun. “ Why did you load this ? ”
he asked.	■>

  “To kill you with,” exclaimed Brown;
“ and I had another for that big man beside
you ”—meaning Captain Galbraith.

  The crazed man was taken to the rear
and his arms tied behind his back.

  After putting the dead lieutenant’s body
in an ambulance, the command started
again. Opinion among the men was di-
vided. Some condemned the act as brutal
murder; others said Brown did right, and
that Hill went too far and drove him mad.

  Brown seemed to glory in what he had
clone. He said that Hill intended he must
walk all day, and if he dropped down,
which he knew he must do, the officer would
have had him dragged to death. He seemed
very anxious to hear what the men in the
ranks thought of the killing, and asked every
one he could get near enough if they blamed
him.

  Strange as it may seem, there were many
men* who thought Brown had done right
and, though not daring to be outspoken, in
silence he had their sympathy.

  Brown was the corps’ shoemaker, and was
not considered a bad man. He would drink
more than was good for him at times, but
so would the officers. As a general thing,
Brown did his duty faithfully.

  The first sergeant of Brown’s company,
Dick Guggall, was now busily going from
man to man holding a whispering conversa-
tion with each. The officers up ahead of
the column kept looking back toward the
place where Brown was plodding along,
bound in the midst or-his guards.

   It seemed as if the officers were expecting
something to happen. It was becoming

evident that there was trouble of some kind
brewing. Men would dart from place to
place and speak in a low tone to others.
Some of them seemed to object to what was
said. It could be seen that there were dif-
ferent opinions about something.

  One man made such a determined stand
in favor of his way of thinking that there
came near being shots exchanged between
the two men, but this argument was silenced
by the first sergeant.

   Of course, we—I mean our little squad of '
ten men—being outsiders and interested only
as onlookers, took no part in this mystery,
but could, from our elevated positions, see
all the hasty movements and earnest con-
versation of the few men that were endeavor-
ing to gain converts to their way,of thinking.

   I had not even a suspicion of what was in
the wind until I heard Brown say: “Oh!
My God! Why don’t they come if they are
coming and put me out of my misery! I
can’t go any farther.”

  Then it dawned on me what all the com-
motion was about. But still I could not
believe that among United States soldiers
many men could be found to deliberately
take part in another tragedy like the one
just acted by one reckless, suffering, half-
demented man.

  Brown kept moaning, “if you fellows
don’t hurry, it will be too late! Tell them
to hurry up.” Again he would say, “ I will
never live to see the sun go down.”

  He spoke the truth. Within an hour from
the time he shot Lieutenant Hill, about
twenty men of his own company suddenly
stepped out of the ranks on either side of
the marching column.

  It could be seen that they were obeying
the signal of a leader, for at a slap made
by striking the butt of a musket with the
hand' they all started at a “double quick”
for the rear.

  Twenty yards from the rear-guard they
halted, and told the guards to step aside.

  “What do you want? What do you
mean?” angrily demanded the sergeant of
the guard.

  “We want Brown. Get away from him
or you’ll get hurt,” yelled one of th? men,
and the rest seconded him. Not an officer
looked back; they began to ride farther
ahead.

  “Not much you don’t! There will be
more than one dead man around here if
any one tries that! ” replied the old sergeant
as his men closed around their prisoner.

8 RR
114

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  It looked as if there was going to be
trouble, but Sergeant Guggall stepped up
close to the guard and said something in a
whisper. The guard kept muttering among
themselves, and again it could be seen that
Brown had his friends who did not regard
the shooting with so much horror as the
others did.

  However, there seemed to be some magic
word which, when spoken, put an end to
further argument. It was evident, too, that
Brown had no hope, and was eager to have
it all over, as he was suffering tortures,
both of mind and body.

   The guards reluctantly scattered to the
front and rear, leaving Brown exposed. Be-
cause of the way his hands were tied behind
his back, his body was bent forward and
his head was hanging, but, as soon as the
guard left him, he made an effort and raised
his blood-shot eyes to the small mob of men
whom he had lived among for nearly three
years.

  They had come to kill him. He knew
them all. He kept his eyes on them steadily,
only allowing them to flit from one to
another until he had looked each of his
executioners in the face.

  He said only a few words. They were,
“ take a good aim, boys,” and “ this is a
poor way to pay debts,” for most of the men
owed him money for cobbling.

  As the guard stepped forward, he fell
back and the firing-party took deliberate
aim. Some went down on one knee so as to
be more steady. Then they fired. Brown’s
body was riddled.

   The squad hastily took their places in
the ranks.

   It was significant that the officers were
too far ahead of the marching column to
interfere in the killing of Brown. After the
shooting, they rode back and gave a few
hurried orders. Then the command ad-
vanced a quarter of a mile and halted
while the burial-party was putting Brown
in a grave. The soil was quickly shovel-
led over him, and the march was taken up
again.

  About noon, the ambulance containing
the dead lieutenant was started ahead under
escort, for the first place on the line of the
railroad where steps could be taken to pre-
serve the body.

  The affair made a deep impression on
the men, and, no doubt, on the officers, also.
It was dangerous to say much about it, for
both men had their champions. The lieu-
tenant was condemned by many for his cruel
treatment of Brown, yet there were not
many to speak a good word for Brown’s
act.

  It was said that the lieutenant did not
believe Brown’s statement that he was .so
sick, but this could have been all settled
very easily by allowing Brown to consult the
doctor. This the lieutenant had flatly re-
fused to do. Though it was dangerous to
say anything in Brown’s defense, yet he
had his friends.

  That night after “taps” six of his-com-
rades secretly left the camp with picks,
shovels, and a blanket, returned to where
the tragedy took place, and dug up Brown’s
body. While two were sewing it in a blan-
ket, the others dug a deep grave to protect
it from the wolves. The burial-party then
lowered the body, and, perhaps, a silent
prayer was said. There he lies to-day.

  The six quietly returned to camp. They
had a tramp of eighteen miles to make be-
tween “ taps ” and daylight, besides running
the risk of being found out, which would
have incurred the ill-will of the officers—if
nothing worse. Their act would have been
construed as showing sympathy for Brown
as against Lieutenant Hill.

  But the affair did not end. It caused a
bitter feeling between the men in the com-
pany, and, for a long time, it was the in-
direct cause of many bloody quarrels, and
caused the killing of three of the men who
shot Brown.

  The best opinions seemed to be that both
the lieutenant and Brown received what
they deserved, but that, for the good of the
service. Brown should have been shot by
court martial instead of being murdered by
a mob instigated by the officers. Then there
would have been no evil aftermath.

   Only one good seemed to come from it all;
discipline became more strict, making cases
for punishment fewer and the penalties more
humane.

  Five deaths and a fued among a hundred
men had flowed from one bottle of hell-
water, that a saloon-keeper might make a
dollar.
Ten Thousand Miles by Rail.

BY GILSON WILLETS,

Special Traveling Correspondent of “The Railroad Man’s Magazine.”

No. 9.—SOME HOLD-UPS IN MISSOURI.

The Hat with the Star, and the Part It Played in a Famous Attack by
Bandits; Also, What a Large Reward Drove
Some Men To Do.

ISS NELLIE SEACH, eight- She pointed to a wide-brimmed som-
een and very pretty, was brero. In comparison with the man’s old
sweeping the shingles that and soiled clothes, the new hat, in Nellie’s
served as a walk between eyes, was more than conspicuous. It was
the front door
and the front
gate of her home on a farm
near Eureka, Missouri. An
unobserved man sauntered up
to the gate and leered at her.

  “Mornin’, sweetheart,” he
said.

  The girl started and swung
round with anger blazing in
her eyes.

  “You frightened me!” she
exclaimed. “George Eb-
ling,” she went on, “ why-all
don’t you make some noise,
so a body can know you’re
around? You’re always soft-
footin’, that-away. It gives
me the creeps.’

  “ Maybe I’ll have that gold
necklace for you to-morrow,
sweetheart,” said the man
with a smile.

“ I don’t want a necklace,

Mr. Ebling,” the girl an-
swered. “ You can’t afford
it. And—why! ” she cried
in astonishment. “Where-all

did you get that new hat?”	"maybe i'll have that gold necklace to-morrow."

Series began in June, 1910, Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies, 10 cents.

115
116

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

incongruous. She noticed, incidentally,
that the sombrero had a star-shaped air-
hole cut in its right side.

  “ Borrowed it "from Will Lowe,” replied
George' Ebling. “ I cut that star into it
myself. Will won’t mind. See you to-
morrow, or Sunday, maybe. And I reckon
you won’t refuse the necklace. Good-by,
sweetheart.”

  The next morning, Saturday, Farmer
Grant, whose property near Castleton, six
miles east of Eureka, was bounded on the
east by the Meramec River, found his row-
boat, “The Ferry,” missing.

Blamed the Boys.

  “Dod gast those boys!” cried the farm-
er, addressing his hired man. “They’ve
stolen my dingey again.”

  “You’re wrong about the boys, Mr.
Grant,” the hired man remarked. “ Boys
don’t go fishin’ in winter weather like this.
I reckon the boat was took by the robbers
who held up that Missouri Pacific train
yonder, last night.”

  Farmer Grant tugged at his whiskers.
“Maybe that’s so,” he said. “Maybe
those bandits took ‘The Ferry.’”

  The next morning, Sunday, two boys ar-
rived at the bank of the Meramec River
not so very far from the Grant farm. The
day was cold. Nevertheless, one of the
boys suggested that they go in swimming.
A few minutes later they plunged into the
water, and swam clear across the river.
LTpon reaching the far side, one cried:

  “ Why, look there! There’s ‘ The Ferry,’
—old man Grant’s rowboat. What’s it
doin" here? Let’s take it back to his land-
ing.”

  The boat lay under the branches of a
tree that had fallen into the water, as if
some one had tried to hide it from the view
of the casual passer-by.

  The boys pulled the boat off the bank
and began pushing it back across the river
as they swam behind it. The water was
warmer than the air; hence the boys’ prefer-
ence.

  When they again reached the east bank
and began dressing, none the worse for
their cold bath, one of them cried:

  “Look! A hat! Somebody’s left his hat
in the boat.”

  The hat was a wide-brimmed sombrero
of good quality, with a star-shaped hole in
the right side.

  Just then the boys saw a man coming
toward them, and one said:

  “ It’s Mike Malone, one of the Mop’s
tie-hackers.”

  “ Where Did You Get That Hat? ”

                                /

  “ Hallo, Mike,” another boy cried, as
Mike drew near. “We came down to see
the place where No. 8 was held up Friday
night—but there wasn’t much to see; so we
went in swimming.”

  Mike Malone eyed the sombrero thought-
fully.

  “Where did youse get that hat?” he
asked.

   The boys told him.

   “ Have youse stepped fut into that boat? ”
Mike asked.

  The boys shook their heads, and Mike
continued:

   “ ’Tis none of me own business, you un-
derstand—but if youse was to leave that
boat right where it is without steppin’ fut
into it—the bloodhounds would have a
chanct. I hear a rumor that a big reward
is offered for thim bandits, and some detect-
ives will sure come out here with blood-
hounds.

   “And that hat—well, I’m keepin’ a shut
face meself, because this here- Missouri
State do be oftin takiiv holt of innocent
men suspected of bein’ witnesses to crimes
and puttin’ ’em in jail for nothin’ at all,
at all, except just to keep ’em where they’re
handy-like.

   “So I ain’t savin’ I seen nothin’ of the
train robbers. But if youse, now, was to
take that hat to Mr. Grant and tell him
where you found it and suggest that he pass
it on to the detectives when they come out
here, you might be afther receivin’ some o’
the reward that’s offered for the capture of
the men that robbed the train—because one
of ’em might possible have wore that hat.”

With a Mop Sleuth.

  A lew days later, Charlie Eames, chief
of the special agents of the Missouri Pa-
cific, sat at his desk in his St. Louis office,
carefully examining a sombrero. A num-
ber of the Mop’s detectives were present,
and to these Chief Eames said:

   “ Boys, you will notice that this hat is
marked with the name of a St. Louis job-
ber. Begin with that jobber and trace the
life-liistory of this sombrero—and you'll
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

117

land the men who held up that train at
Eureka the other night.”'

  Among the detectives present was Charlie
Lehman.

  “ Chief,” he said, “ the history business
is O. K., but—there’s a star-shaped hole in
that hat. Now, when a man cuts a hole in
a new hat, it means that he's in the habit
of punching holes in all his hats, for air.
Well, then, why not look for a man re-
nowned for wearing hats with star-shaped
holes?”

  “All right, Lehman,” responded the
chief. “ Go as far as you like with that
hat.”

  We must now go back to Friday, Janu-
ary 21, 1910, on the morning when the man
wearing the new sombrero spoke to Nellie
Seach.

  That night, at ten o’clock, a Missouri
Pacific train from Kansas City was run-
ning at express speed a mile east of Eureka,
and within thirty miles of St. Louis, when,
suddenly, Engineer George Lutes saw two
men ahead, waving red lanterns. As a mat-
ter of course, Lutes closed the throttle and
slammed on the air.

The’Real Thing.

  As the train slowed down, two other
men suddenly jumped from the tender into
the cab and covered Lutes and his fireman,
Will Slocum, with a lot of sawed-off artil-
lery and gave them the usual order to do
as commanded. These men were masked.

  The train stopped, some of the pas-
sengers poked their heads out of windows
—to be greetel by a fusillade of shots fired
by the red-lantern brigade.

  While one bandit remained in the cab
on guard over the engineer and fireman,
another went to the baggage-car and or-
dered Fred Beeton, the baggage-clerk, to
hike out.

  Beeton hesitated the fraction of a second
—and a bullet carried away his hat and a
lock of hair, whereupon he scooted back to
the1 smoker.

  Meantime one of the red-lantern brigade
hopped into the mail-car, found five clerks
in the act of changing their clothes, and
drove all five back into the smoker, with
the result tiiat kindly passengers in the
smoker opened five suit-cases and supplied
the five railway mail-boys with trousers.

  While all this was going on, Conductor
Butts, in charge of the train, began walk-

ing up the track on a seeing-a-hold-up ex-
pedition.

  “Stand still! Go back!” said a terrible
voice in the darkness. The words were
punctuated with shots.

Addressing the Passengers.

  Butts, filled with dismay, jumped aboard
his train and addressed the passengers
thus:

  “ The passengers will please remain
seated. This train is in the hands of some
descendants of Jesse James, and the only
thing to do is to go right on reading your
magazines—till you’re wanted.”

  Just then, however, Butts heard the loco-
motive steaming away, and he cried:

  “You’ll not be wanted! The express,
baggage, and mail have been uncoupled
and are now being taken to a wooded dell
for purposes unlawful. Meanwhile, we’re
marooned here on the main track, where
we’ll probably remain till something comes
up behind us and pushes us right into the
St. Louis Union Station—or elsewhere.”

  Conductor Butts started1 cross-country.
He walked until he reached a farmhouse,
where he telephoned to St. Louis, and thus
set the law in motion.

  Meantime, what were the bandits doing?
First, they bound Engineer Lutes and Fire-
man Slocum with ropes. Then one of the
bandits who seemed much at home on an
engine, ran the locomotive and detached
cars up track. At a heavily timbered spot
near Castleton, six miles from Eureka, he
shut off steam.

  All four bandits then jumped. Three of
them ripped open the pouches of registered
mail as fast as the fourth man threw them
out of the railroad post-office. Then, lei-
surely smoking cigarettes as they worked,
the quartet tore open hundreds of letters.
Everything that looked like ready money
was thrown into a sack.

A Fireman’s Vendetta.

  Having finished looting the United States
mail, the bandits unbound Lutes and Slo-
cum, and said:

  “Now, you men walk east toward St.
Louis for fifteen minutes. Turn back short
of a quarter-hour, and you die like dogs.”
they added.

  They vanished into the adjacent wood-
land.
118

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

son City. There he spotted two young men,
each of whom, as Slocum could plainly see,
had recently had a hair-cut. Where their
necks had been shaved, just below the new-
ly-cut hair, was a semi-circular rim of white
skin, conspicuously white, in fact, compared
with the surrounding tan. Slocum, eying
the two white-rimmed necks, chuckled.

  Then he hurried to the nearest police
station.

  The next day, a Jefferson City plain-
clothes man arrived at the office of the chief
of the Missouri Pacific's special officers in
St. Louis. With him were two young men
with white-rimmed necks—and Will Slo-
cum.

  A few hours later, Slocum again appeared
in the chief’s office with George Lutes.

  “Do you identify these men, Lutes?”
asked .Eames.

  “No! They’re too young. As for the way
their hair is cut, that’s the fashion in rural
hair-dressing. It’s accomplished by placing
an inverted stew-pot on the head and shear-
ing round it. There are ten thousand- men
in St. Louis County with hair cut like-that.
Will,” turning to his fireman, “you’ve got
another suspicion coming to you.”

  The “ suspects ” had given their names as
Jim Hartley and Gilbert McPherson.

  “ Hartley,” said Eames. “ where were you
on the night of the hold-up ? ”

"somebody's left his hat in the boat."

  When fifteen minutes had elapsed, a man
arose from his hiding-place in the bushes
whence he had watched the four bandits
rifle the mail.

  That man was Mike Malone, tie-hacker,
in the employ of the Missouri Pacific. As
he stole noiselessly away, he murmured to
himself:

  “ It looks to me like George Ebling was
wearing Will Lowe’s hat.”

  Rewards aggregating $7,200 were offered
for the capture of the bandits, alive or dead.

  The result was that detectives, both ama-
teur and professional, swarmed on the trail.
Bloodhounds were put on the scent, and so
many railroad-men laid off to join posses or
to take the trail alone that St. Louis was
pretty nearly at a loss for immediate rail-
road workers.

  One of the first to land a brace of sus-
pects was Will Slocum, fireman of the train
that was held up.

  Four days after his harrowing experience
on No. 8, Slocum happened to be in Jeffer-

  “ These are the men,” said Slocum to
Chief Eames, “ who ordered Lutes and me
to walk east for fifteen minutes.”

Slocum Knew ’Em!

  “You identify them positively?” asked
Eames.

  “ Positively,” swore Slocum. “ Know ’em
 by the way their hair is cut. Oh, I'll get the
 reward easy.”

  “Well, all the same, you get Engineer
Lutes to come here. If he identifies them,
also, I’ll hold them.”
%

TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

119

  “ Shucking corn, sir, for Mr. Case, the
richest farmer in Etah, Missouri. Shucked
all night, sir.”

  “ And you, McPherson ? ”

   “ Sleeping with my brother, janitor of the
'Frisco Building here in St. Louis.”

  The next day, Slocum dropped in at Chief
Eames’s office to ask how his prospects stood
for getting the reward.

   “ I let those two chaps go, Slocum,” said
Eames. “Their stories of what they did
Friday night were corroborated.”

  “Fireman’s luck!” exclaimed Slocum.
“ Always getting the worst end of it! Hang
the detective business! I’m going back to
firing for Lutes.”

  The next railroad-man to rise up out of
the earth to shout “ I’ve nabbed ’em sure! ”
was Charlie Ehlis, station-agent at Matson,
Missouri, on the Missouri, Kansas and Tex-
as Railroad.

   Ever since hearing of the reward offered,
Charlie Ehlis had been thinking, specula-
tively and vaguely, what he would do if it
fell to his lot to capture the Eureka high-
waymen.

  “ I’d quit railroading and buy a farm,”
he informed himself.

  On the very night on which he readied
this final decision as to what he would do
with $7,200, he locked the Matson depot
and started down the track toward his board-
ing-place.

  As he meandered, he suddenly caught his
breath.

  “ The farm’s mine! ” he whispered
hoarsely.

Ehlis’s Private Jail.

  He saw two men stealthily making their
way up the track beside a line of freight-
cars, fuddling with the door of each car as
they passed.

  “Those are the men I saw hanging
around here to-day,” Ehlis said, “and I
suspicioned ’em. Now I’m dead certain
they’re two of the men we’re all looking for,
else why should they be skulking about
this-away? ”

  Ehlis hid behind a whistle-post and
watched his prey. When, at length, the men
found a car with an unsealed door, they
opened it, climbed into the car and shut the
door after them.

  “In a trap!” whispered Ehlis.

  Running back to the station, he secured
a padlock. He rushed down the track to the

car containing the two desperadoes, tip-toed
up to the door, and suddenly clapped on the
padlock.

   “ I’m in for the festivities,” he thought.

  Then to the nearest telephone Charlie
Ehlis hastened, and long-distanced the office
of Chief Eames.

  “ I’ve got two of the Eureka hold-up
men,” he yelled into the receiver. “ Got
’em locked up in a freight-car. Send down
two detectives and I’ll turn ’em over.”

Getting to the Chief.

  “The chief isn’t here,” was the reply.
“ You better call up the night-chief of police
here. His name is Gillaspy.”

  Ehlis promptly asked St. Louis to give
him police headquarters.

  “Hallo!” he shouted, when the connec-
tion was made. “I want Night Chief Gil-
laspy. Hallo! That you, chief ? Say, I’ve
got two of the Mop train robbers! Yes, sir,
got ’em in my private jail under lock.”

  “Where are you? ” asked the chief.

  “At Matson.”

  “You’re out of my jurisdiction. Call up
Sheriff Grueninger, of your town. Good-
by.”

  Ehlis then asked to be connected with
Sheriff Grueninger’s house.

  “Hallo, Sheriff Grueninger. I’ve got
’em! ”

  “ Got what ? Who are you ? ”

“ Got the Mop bandits. This is Ehlis—
the station-agent. Will you come over?”

  An hour later, Sheriff Grueninger and
Sheriff Hines showed up at the Matson sta-
tion, both out of breath. Ehlis conducted
them to his private jail, unsnapped the lock
and—

  “Boes, by ginger!” cried Grueninger.

   “ Just plain boes! ” echoed Sheriff Hines.

  “Confound your impudence, Ehlis!” the
two representatives of the law cried. “What
do you mean by hauling us out of our warm
beds this cold night just to arrest two pesky
boes? What do you mean by this, anyhow? ”

  They started toward town, each gripping
the arm of a bo and each muttering further
remarks of indignation.

  “Well, dog-goned if I’m not a clod-hop-
per! ” exclaimed Ehlis, as he watched the
four figures crossing a plowed field by the
light of the moon. “Will some one please
tell me who’s to reimburse me for the ex-
penditure of all that money for telephon-
ing?”
120

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Certain guests at Mary Burton’s board-
ing-house, on McRea Avenue, St. Louis,
added their own little noise to the general
hue and cry over the Eureka train robbery.
Several members of the railroad-braking
world lived at Mary Burton’s, including,
in particular, Jimmie Cook, brakeman for
the Iron Mountain Railroad.

In a Boarding-House.

   On the fifth day of the hold-up of No. 8,
Jimmie Cook came to the supper-table and,
after looking all around the room in a way
to inspire the curiosity of all the railroad-
men present, made this mysterious remark:
“Ssh!”

   Silence at the festive board!

  “Ssh!” repeated Jimmie Cook, his eyes
roving wildly over the faces of his fellow-

  O	*

brakemen.

   “ Hist! ” he said. “ I’m a suspect! ”
“Talk up!” cried a Mop brakeman at
the upper end of the table. “ We can’t hear
you up here at the north pole.”

   “I'm a suspect,” Jimmie repeated, lifting
his voice. “They think I'm one of the
bandits that held up N. 8.”

  “Who thinks?” asked the same Mop
brakeman.

  Jimmie Cook cast a stealthy glance in
every direction, surveying even the chande-
liers as if to make certain that no one was
hidden among the gas-jets. Then he adted:
“The police! Yes, boys, for some reason
mysterious, if not strange and remarkable,
they seem to think I’m one of the bandits.
They’re shadowing me night and day! ”

Jimmie as a Suspect.

  “Yes,” put in the Mop brakeman at the
head of the table, “ they do say that one of
those bandits seemed to be an experienced
railroader.” He looked at Jimmie with.eyes
of suspicion.

  “Right you are, Mop,” agreed Jimmie
Cook. “That’s the reason I’m a suspect!
One of those bandits took the throttle and
ran the detached part of the train six miles,
from Eureka to Castleton. Now then, it is
known that I can run a locomotive like a
regular engineer. Therefore, the police
think I’m the man that carried the mail and
express-cars that six miles east. But. by
the way, we—I mean they—didn’t get much
real cash out of that registered mail, boys.”
“ Oh, then, you do know something about

that job?” said the Mop brakeman, giving
evidence of increasing suspicion.

  “ Well, now, just between you and me and
the wliistle-post,” replied Jimmie Cook,
with a fine air of mystery, “ and just among
ourselves here present, I do know—well,
of course, you can’t expect me to let loose
what I know just at this time. Just wait.
That’s what I say—just wait.”

  After supper, the suspicious Mop brake-
man took one of the Iron Mountain brake-
men aside and said:

   “ Jimmie Cook’s a fool to spout about the
police shadowing him, ain’t he? ”

  “ Oh, he’s just shooting off his mouth,”
replied the Iron Mountain man.

  “All the same,” retorted the Mop brake-
man, “the police wouldn’t be sleuthing him
if they hadn’t grounds. Jimmie’s been act-
ing mighty queer the last few days—always
going out by the back door at night and
staying locked in his room all dayr. I’m
going to see what’s in this.”

  The Mop man hunted up Jimmie, and
said:

  “Cook, can you lend me a little dough
till pay-day?”

Gee, What a Wad!

  “ Surest thing you know,” answered Jim-
mie. “ How much ? ” and he flashed a good-
sized roll.

  The Mop brakeman’s eyes contracted and
he looked mighty knowing.

  “ Thanks, Jim.” he said. “ I just wanted
to know if you could hand out a little—but.
maybe, I can pull through. Look’s like
you're on Easv Street. Where’d vou get
it?”

  “ Ssh ! Don’t mention the roll, old man.
Mum’s the word. Meantime, a loan of any
reasonable amount is yours.”

  The Mop brakeman left the house, walked
slowly till he turned the corner, then bega*
to sprint toward police headquarters.

  “ Caught with the goods right on him.”
he said to himself, en route. “Well, I al-
ways did think there was something of the
crook in Jimmie Cook. Looks like I may
get a chunck of that reward.”

   All the railroaders at the breakfast-table
at Mary Burton’s boarding-house the fol-
lowing morning talked at once and in wild
excitement.

  “Yes,” said one, “I myself saw the po-
liceman hook him. What puzzled me was
the way Jimmie acted. Instead of looking
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

121

scared, he just smiled and seemed joyful
over the whole proceeding. They say he’s
locked up in the jail now in solitary confine-
ment.”

  During the day Jimmie Cook was put
through one of the worst sweating processes
that ever fell to the lot of a railroad-man.
He was three-degreed and made to suffer
torture in the form of a hundred pointed
and caustic questions.

  All the while, however, to the surprise of
the sweaters, Jimmie maintained an attitude
of utmost complacency, denying connection
with or knowledge of the hold-up. He did
this with so much consummate art, that each
denial only served to lead the police to a still
firmer belief that Jimmie Cook had a hand
in the robbery.

  Jimmie persistently declined to state defi-
nitely where he was and what doing on the
night of the hold-up. To' all questions as to
his whereabouts that night, he replied:

  “ Well, now, for hon-
or’s sake — the honor
of another—I can’t just
say exactly where I was
that night. You under-
stand ? ”

  At length, however,

Jimmie unleashed this
question, which seemed
to have been lurking
in his mind from the
time the sweating be-
gan:

  “ Chief, this’ll all be
in the newspapers to-
morrow morning, won’t
it?”

  “No, it won’t,” the
chief snapped. “Not a
word about it.”

  Jimmie Cook seemed
deeply chagrined at
hearing this, then said:

  “Oh, very well! I
might as well tell you
that you’re all of you
gosh - durned blunder-
busses. Why, all you
had to do was to call
up the Iron Mountain
office here and ask ’em
what Jim Cook was
doing last Friday night
—and they would have
told you that I was on
a freight, snow-bound,

a hundred miles from Eureka, and didn't
get into St. Louis till Sunday.”

  The chief called up the Iron Mountain,
and Jimmie’s statement was corroborated.

  When Jimmie Cook returned to Mary
Burton’s boarding-house and again sat
down at the festive board with his fellow-
brakemen, he waited for a lull in the con-
versation.

  “There’s a lot of gosh-durned fools left
on the footstool,” he said. “ I don’t say all
the fools is brakemen, you understand. But,
what I do say is, that when they are brake-
men, they’re the worst fools of all. Now,
what on earth could possibly have made any
one suspect that I, James Cook, could be a
bandit? What could have induced any one
to go to the police and put ’em to a lot of
unnecessary trouble pumping an innocent
little thing like me? Who, I ask, would do
such a thing? Who but a brakeman who
doesn’t seem to have much of an appetite
this morning?”

  Jimmie Cook looked
squarely into the eye
of the Mop brakeman
at the upper end of the
table — and smiled a
mischievous smile so
contagious that all
present broke into hi-
larious laughter, inclu-
ding even the Mop
brakeman at the head
of the table.

   After breakfast, that
Mop brakeman said
suspiciously to one of
his comrades:

  “ I’m snickering
right along with you
fellows; but, all the
same, I don’t savvy
Jimmie’s game. What
was it?”

   “ There’s some folks,
old stone-skull,” re-
plied the comrade,
“ who hanker to pose
as a hero. Jimmie
hankered. That’s all.
And he’s some hero in
Mary Burton’s hash-
joint, all right, all
right.”

  While the foregoing
events were occurring,
Nellie Seach continued
122

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

dutifully to sweep the walk in her front
yard every morning; and whenever Farmer
Seach, her father, or any one else, .-poke in
her presence of the Missouri Pacific train
robbery, Nellie’s face would take on a queer
expression.

  A fortnight had passed since the man
wearing the new sombrero had come to her
and promised her a necklace of gold. One
morning, while at her customary sweeping,
a smart-looking young man opened the gate
and stepped into the front yard, saying:

  “ Is this Miss Seach ? ” He lifted his
sombrero—a sombrero with a star-shaped
aperture on the right side.

   “ I am Miss Seach,” Nellie replied.

  The stranger held his sombrero in his
hand. Pointing to the star, he now said:

  “ Ever seen this hat before, Miss Seach ? ”
  “Reckon I have,” Nellie answered.

Who Wore That “ Lid ”?

   “ Did it have this star-shaped hole punch-
ed in it when you saw it?”

   “ Reckon it did.”

  “ And you saw this hat on the head of
Will Lowe?”

( “No! Not on the head of Will Lowe.”
“But you know Will Lowe, don’t you,
Miss Seach?”

, “No! Never laid eyes on him.”
j “ Then, when did you see this hat? ”

  “ Why—oh, never mind! What you ask-
ing questions this-away for, anyhow ? ”

  “ I’m a detective, Miss Seach. A special
officer of the Missouri Pacific Railroad. My
name is Lehman, Charles Lehman.”

  “A detective!” gasped Nellie. “Well,
what do you want ? ”

  “ Information of the present whereabouts
of Will Lowe.”

  “What’s Will Lowe done?”

  “We think he was one of the men who
held up the Missouri Pacific train here, two
weeks ago. But you say you never saw Will
Lowe. Then, how is it vou recognize this
hat?”

  “Nothing doing, Mr. Lehman,” answered
Nellie, with an arch smile and a shrewd
stare.

   “Let’s come to business,” said the detec-
tive. “ A St. Louis firm shipped this hat to
a dealer in Kansas City, who sold it to a
man named Will Lowe. It was found, after
the train hold-up, in a boat in which the
four robbers made their get-away across the
Meramec River. Now, then — twenty-five

dollars to you for any information concern-
ing this hat.”

  Nellie still shook her head.

  “Nothing doing, Mr. Lehman.”

  •^The thought in Detective Lehman’s mind
at that moment was this:

  “ The girl is not shielding Lowe. She’s
standing pat for the sake of some other man,
probably the one who wore this hat.”

   Fie turned to strategy.

O*

  “An admirer of yours, Miss Seach, was
seen in company with Will Lowe, in Eureka,
on the day of the train robbery. With the
two men was a mighty pretty girl. Your
admirer was overheard asking that girl to
marry him. I refer to that particular ad-
mirer of yours who that day happened to be
wearing this Hat.”

  Nellie’s face became crimson and her eyes
flashed as she said:

  “You say he asked her—the pretty girl
—to be his wife? Is that a lie? ”

  “ Fact.”

  Lehman lied for the public welfare.

  Nellie thought a moment, clenched her
fists, threatened to weep, then, suddenly
braced up and cried:

  “I’ll go you! I knew what you were
after, all the time! A tie-hacker, Mike
Malone, tells me that he was hidden in the
shrubbery and watched the four men loot
the mail-bags; and that he recognized the
man who wore that hat, and also, one other
of the men! Mike Malone is powerful close-
mouthed, but if you will go to him and
promise not to put him in jail as a witness,
I guess you can then succeed in prying his
teeth apart with a twentv-dollar gold piece!
Try it!”

  Two days later, a man named George
Ebling was arrested in Little Rock, Ar-
kansas. He 'was brought to St. Louis and
lodged in jail.

When Slocumb Laid Off.

  A few hours later, Charlie Lehman ap-
peared at his cell, carrying a sombrero with
a star-shaped hole in its right side.

  In a near-by cell sat a man named Will
Lowe. In two other cells were two more
men—pals of Ebling and Lowe.

  Lehman came out of Ebling’s cell an
hour later with a signed confession in his
pocket.

  “ And now,” said my Missouri-Pacific
friend—who had given me the tip in land-
ing the foregoing “ side-lights,” on what he
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

123

"looks like you're on easy street, where'd you get it?"

called “ the business of train
holduppery as conducted in
Missouri ” — “ the capture, a
few weeks ago, of Will Lowe,
the man who owned the telltale
sombrero and who loaned it
to’ Ebling to wear on the day
of the robbery, reminds me of
certain side-lights on a bit of
train holduppery that occurred
here in Missouri ten years ago.

  “ We don’t know for sure,”
he continued, “but we think
this Will Lowe is the same
Will Lowe who served a term
in the penitentiary for holding
up a ’Frisco train at Macomb.

Anyway, the name reminds me
of the side-lights I spoke of—
to which I’ll put the match of
memory right now, if you
like.” And he related the fol-
lowing:

  One day in January, 1899,

Detective Dell Harbaugh, of
the Missouri Pacific, met one
of the Mops engineers in the
street in Springfield, Missouri.

  “ Hallo, Charlie Slocumb! ”
cried the detective. “ You’re
just the boy I want to see.

We’ve received an anonymous
letter saying that one of the
men who held up your train at Leeds, last
September, is walking about this city in
broad daylight. The letter gives no further
information except that the robber eats in
the best restaurants in the business part of
the town and that he is sailing under the
name of Jennings.

  “Now, then, Charlie,” the detective ad-
ded, “ as we have no description of this man,
we want you to help us. I want you to take
time off and hang around the restaurants
with me. Maybe you’ll be able to locate
Jennings.”

Getting an Old-Timer.

  “ There’s a man in this town who can help
you more than I can,” replied the engineer.
“ It’s that fellow, Will Lowe, who has con-
fessed that he took part in the hold-up of the
’Frisco train at Macomb the other day, and
is now here in jail. Suppose we take him
around with us.”

  That same evening the three men en-
tered the dining-room of one of the Spring-

field hotels and took their places at a table
by the door.

  Presently a grim-visaged old man with a
stubby beard' and an altogether repulsive
face entered and crossed the room to a cor-
ner table.

  The trio stared a moment at the old man,
then one of them said:

  “ I’m not Will Lowe, if that ancient party
ain’t Bill Ryan, the last of the Janies gang.
Like as not he’s the man calling himself
Jennings.”

  The trio waited till the old man finished
his meal and left the room. They' followed
him out into the hall, where Will Lowe
stepped up to him, saying:

  “Hallo, Ryan, don’t you remember me?
I’m Will Lowe.”

  “ I don’t know you. My name is Jen-
nings.”

  “Then you’re my prisoner,” said Detec-
tive Dell Harbaugh.

  He took a grip on the old man’s right arm,
while Engineer Slocumb seized the left.
“There’s no use denying you’re Bill
124

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

Ryan, because I recognize you for sure,”
said Will Lowe.

  “ I reckon the jig’s up, and I've got to take
my medicine,” replied the old man. “Yes,
I'm Ryan.”

  When Bill Ryan was brought to trial, he
proved that he did not actually take part in
the Leeds hold-up; at the same time, the
State proved that he was one of the con-
spirators who planned the robbery, and for
this he was convicted and given a life-sen-
tence. Ryan, however, persistently refused
to give the names of any of the men who ac-
tually held up the train.

  “ The leader of the gang was your pupil,
Jack Kenned}', was he not? ” Detective Dell
Harbaugh asked Ryan.

  “ You detectives might as well save your
breath,” replied Ryan, “because I've got a
heap of bad memory.”

  “ All the same,” said Harbaugh afterward
to Slocumb, “ I’m sure that the leader of the
gang that held up your tram was Jack
Kennedy. You know he was a young chap.
Well, Kennedy is only about thirty years old
—and he’s the man I’m going to find or die
in the attempt.”

Won by the Enemy.

  My St. Louis friend then turned the fol-
lowing “side-lights” on the life of the most
reckless of all the Missouri bandits.

  Jack Kennedy hailed from Independence,
Missouri, where he began his career as a
fireman for the Missouri Pacific. He soon
acquired notoriety among the railroaders as
a daring and foolhardy youngster.

  One day, on the run between Independ-
ence and Kansas City, the train was late.
Suddenly Kennedy turned to the engineer,
saving: “Clark, is your life insured?”

  '“ Yes.”

  Without another word, Kennedy seized a
monkey-wrench, climbed out on top of the
cab and screwed down the safety-valves.

“Now let her go! ” he shouted to Clark.

  Engineer Clark protested, but Kennedy
said:

  “You stick to the throttle and leave my
work alone or I’ll throw you out of the cab.”

  Good fortune favored them, however, and
the train ran into Kansas City on time.

  “You’re certainly the limit for reck-
lessness, Kennedy,” said Clark. “What
would you do if our train was to be held up
some night? Refus'e to throw up your hands
—and shoot ? ”

  “No,” replied Kennedy. “I’d join in
the hold-up. There’s more money in that
than in railroading.”

  A few months later Kennedy was promo-
ted to engineer of a freight. Later, he was
given a passenger-train with a night run.

  A few nights after, he created tremendous
excitement along the line by chasing the
passenger-train ahead of him. Both trains
ran at terrific speed, Kennedy keeping the
pilot of his engine within a few feet of the
rear platform of the train in front.

Kennedy’s Wild Ride.

  The engineer of the leading train, as he
neared Independence, where he was due to
stop, dared not even slow down; the conse-
quence being that both trains flew through
Kennedy’s home-town like two streaks of
lightning.

  The astounded agent wired all stations
westward to Kansas City that two trains had
passed his station, both running wild, one
right behind the other. In the despatcher’s
office in Kansas City the news started a
panic.

  All the way to the yard limit in Kansas
City, Kennedy chased” the train ahead of
him. He knew it would be his last run, and
he got all the fun out of it he could. On
arriving at the station in Kansas City, he
was fired, then arrested and “ sent up ” for
ten days for “ malicious mischief.”

  During the year following, several dif-
ferent trains were held up in the Cracker-
neck district, as the region around Inde-
pendence was called. Kennedy was sus-
pected of having a hand in each of these,
and was several times arrested.

  Each time, however, he proved an alibi.
Just before and right after each train rob-
bery, he would “ set ’em up ” with friends
in the town nearest the scene of action, and
on the testimony of those friends he would
depend for an account of his movements.
Soon after being exonerated, by means of
the usual alibi, from the charge of holding
up a train near Independence, Kennedy took
up a “side line” in the hold-up business.

  Miss Emma Schumacher and her mother
kept a little grocery-shop on Seventeenth
Street, Kansas City. One evening, while her
mother was out, Miss Schumacher was
counting the day’s receipts. Two men sud-
denv entered and, pointing guns at her, de-
manded the money.

For answer, the young woman snatched
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

125

her pistol from under the counter and fired
at the ruffians, but missed. A second shot
rang out—and Miss Schumacher fell, mor-
tally wounded.

  The two men were J ack Kennedy and J im
Redmond. They were captured and locked
up. Kennedy was released on bail. Two
days later Missouri was shocked and humil-
iated by the news of the hold up, near Leeds,
of a Missouri Pacific train by a gang of
which Kennedy was suspected of being the
leader.

  When old Bill Ryan was captured, and

speed through the town on his way to the
spot chosen for the ceremonies.

   “ His horse threw him, however, and he
was found by two farm-hands, lying on the
ground, stunned. They searched his pockets
-and found a dark lantern, false whiskers, a
black mask, and a battery of artillery.

  “ When Kennedy regained consciousness
and saw his property on the ground beside
him, he hastily put all the articles in his
pockets, and said:

      I’m going quail-hunting.’

  “ He then rushed down the road, found

FOR ANSWER, THE YOUNG WOMAN SNATCHED HER PISTOL FROM UNDER THE COUNTER,

while his pupil, Jack Kennedy, was still at
large, Detective Dell Harbaugh made his
resolution to “ find Kennedy or die in the
attempt! ”

A Queer Hunting Outfit.

  “ The man to help me is that young chap,
Dittenhofer, who was in love with poor
Emma Schumacher. He’ll work with en-
thusiasm,” said Harbaugh.

  The detective found Dittenhofer, put him
to work, and within a short time the ama-
teur sleuth made the following report to
Harbaugh:

  “On the night of the hold-up at Leeds,
Kennedy left the friends with whom he had
been consorting for the purpose of establish-
ing an alibi, and rode a horse at breakneck

his horse and dashed away at breakneck
speed.

  “ Immediately after the hold-up, Kennedy
hastened back to Leeds and again mingled
with his friends, having been absent not
more than forty-five minutes.

  “ He depended, of course, upon the brev-
ity of his absence to make it seem incredible
that he could have had a hard in the train
robbery.”

  About two weeks later, Dittenhofer rushed
into the detective’s home and cried breath-
lessly :

  “ Kennedy visits a barber-shop on Seven-
teenth every day to get shaved! Let’s lay
for him there! Come, quick! It's eleven-
thirty now! He usually reaches the barber-
shop about noon! ”

  At noon, exactly, Jack Kennedy, as he
126

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

lay outstretched in the barber-chair, found
himself looking up into the muzzles of two
revolvers—one in the hand of Detective
Harbaugh, and the other in the hand of
young Dittenhofer.

  “Your alibi won’t work this time, Na-

poleon,” said the detective. “ That tumble
from your horse was your Waterloo. Men
don’t go quail-hunting with dark lanterns,
false whiskers, and masks. You'll go up
for life this time.”

  And he did.

    In the March [Number, Mr. Willets will tell a bunch of railroad stories about Missouri
railroad men—stories that were told to him by the 'boys themselves.

JERRY EARNS HIS PENSION.

Faithful Horse, Eighteen Years in the Service of the Great Northern Express
Company, Takes His Ease in an Alfalfa Field After an Eventful Life.

“TJENSION Jerry; free him from work and

  -I let him pass his remaining days in peace
and plenty.” This order, made official by the
signature of D. S. Elliott, general manager of the
Great Northern Express Company, was received
recently by F. W. Preston, an agent at Spokane,
Washington.

  Jerry is a bay gelding, twenty-five years old. He
is fifteen and one-half hands high and weighs 1,350
pounds. His pedigree is not worth mentioning.
He is simply a work-horse, but he has served
eighteen years without a day off for sickness or a
vacation, which is a good deal better record than
•many a man holds.

  Eighteen years ago, Jerry and his team-mate
were bought by the express company for $600.
They made the rounds together until 1899, when
Jerry's mate died. Jerry was then put between
the shafts of a single wagon and he made his
deliveries alone, for he would not work double
with any other horse.

  Jerry became the pet of the office force, the
favorite of the merchants and the stablemen,
through his intelligence and gentleness. He al-
ways had a box-stall and, being an old-timer and
somewhat independent at that, it is more than
likely that he will continue to live in one. Some
time ago, one of the horses in the bain became
ill. Jerry was put in a single stall that the sick
animal might have the box.

  Now this was not to Jerry’s liking. He had
been ousted from his home after doing his work
faithfully and he felt that he had been wronged.
One glance showed him the exact strength of die
side partitions. A few kicks did the rest. Jerry
made quick work of them and was ready for the
big posts when the hostlers took him home.

  Jerry was always punctual. When the seven-
o'clock whistles blew, he left his comfortable stall
and calmly walked up-stairs to his wagon, backed
between the shafts and waited to be harnessed.

  He was willing to work, but he didn't like over-

time. His drivers found that out, for promptly
at six o’clock in the evening, Jerry would start for
the barn. No hitching weight would hold him.
unless it had been fastened to the pavement.

  Jerry knew his way around Spokane as well as
any man. After covering the same route for years,
he learned even- stop and never missed one. Not
long ago a new driver took his route.

  Jerry didn’t go quite fast enough to suit his
taste, so he used the whip. When lie got out at
the first stop Jerry looked him over disgustedly.
At the second stop, he looked around again and
snorted. The driver soon caught on and they
became fast friends.

  Jerry has a record as a watchman that is hard
to equal. Several years ago there was what ap-
peared to be a hold-up in the yard at the rear of
the office. Jerry’s driver, however, proved to be
the robber himself.

  To carry out his deception, he fired a shot into
the wall, and was about to shoot again when Jerry
took a hand. He suddenly backed the wagon, the
wheeP hit the revolver, turning it, and the bullet
buried itself in the driver’s leg. The character
of his wound soon solved the seeming mystery
surrounding the identity of the robber.

  Jerry has outlasted more than fifty horses.
Animals have come and gone from the wagons,
arriving fresh and strong and leaving broken
down and useless, but the work never has palled
on Jerry. Again and again, while on his rounds,
the familiar voice of some acquaintance would
call out, “ Jerry,” and the faithful old horse would
soon locate his friend, threading his way among
the vehicles for the lump of sugar that was sure
to be waiting.

  Jerry has earned his rest, though he is by no
means a broken-down horse. He will be sent to a
pasture in the Spokane Valley, about five miles
from the scene of his labor, where for the rest
of his days he will run knee-deep in clover and
alfalfa.
THROUGH BY SUNRISE.

                  BY WILLIAM S. WRIGHT.

                    SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

    GEORGE CLIFFORD, son of a titled Englishman, has earned his father’s displeasure by marrying
    the daughter of a Commoner and has sought seclusion on a small island off the Scottish coast,
    where he is known as Herman Tillman. Here he is traced by his father's secretary, Peter
    Raymond, who for his own evil ends leads the villagers to believe that Tillman is a murderer, forger,
    and robber. An old minister, Mr. Moreland, who has come from Tillman’s father, is assaulted, and
    Raymond tries to lay the crime at Tillman’s door but is, himself, accused by Moreland. The old
    minister has been instrumental in winning the father over, to the extent of providing a yearly
    allowance for his son, with the proviso that he and his family leave England and settle in America.
    They are wrecked and, in the excitement of manning the life-boats, Clifford disappears. Clifford
    searches far and wide for his lost wife and children, and, finally, he locates in Devon, England.
    While the guest of a country squire, he hears the famous song of England’s famous bird—the
    nightingale. He leaves Devon and returns to New York, where; he becomes a successful businessman.
    He is surprised, one day, to hear a beautiful girl who lives in the apartment opposite him playing
    on a piano an exact composition of a nightingale’s song, and this starts him on an unusual quest
    of investigation.

why this man was so very anxious to tell
her why and where she had heard the song
that she had rendered so well into music.

  Still, there was something about his man-
ner that precluded the possibility of all
doubt. That he was sincere in his motives
—there could be no doubt, too. Elaine
wanted to exert a woman’s privilege to be
cautious and discreet with a man whom she
had never spoken to before that night when
the introduction to Doure mattered little
more than the merest business affair.

  Whatever might come of the publication
of the song, she was far more interested in

Began in the December. 1910, Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies. 10 cents.

                                       127

        CHAPTER XII.

            Miss Aldyce’s Story.

            !0 days later, George Clifford
was permitted to call on the
young lady whose acquaint-
ance he had made through the
medium of the nightingale’s
song. It was the longest two
days that he had ever lived, he thought—
but it was man’s impulsiveness against wom-
an’s defense.

  Elaine Aldvce could not understand just
128

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

George Clifford’s motive in knowing where
she had found her inspiration than in any
mercenary gain.

  She told Clifford to call on the afternoon
of the second day. He was at her door hold-
ing his watch in his hand and counting the
seconds until the very first stroke of the
hour—two o’clock.

  Then he gave the door-bell a sharp ring.
He waited breathlessly. There was a faint
footfall on the hallway inside. It beat in
response to his heart as it came closer to
the door. Then—the radiant form of Elaine
Aldyce stood before, him.

  She smiled with the regal mien of a
queen as she said a quiet “good afternoon,”
and asked him to enter.

  “Thank you,” said Clifford, beaming
over with pride.

  She stood aside to let him pass in, and, as
she closed the door, he let her pass ahead
of him and lead the way to the little parlor
—for the mystic ways of a New York apart-
ment are too much for the ordinary man
who is unused to them. Though small,
these very livable homes can get one more
quickly baffled than the most impossible
mystic maze.

  “You see, I am promptly on time,” said
Clifford, as Elaine pointed to a chair.

  “ Somehow, I knew that you would be,”
she said.

  “ Your apartment is certainly very cozy,”
he went on.

  “ Yes,” she replied with a sigh.

  He noticed the sigh.

  “ But such a home must be a great com-
fort,” he added. He was anxious to learn
the reason for the sigh.

  “It is a great comfort,” she said, some-
what hesitatingly, “ but it is a great strug-
gle for a few girls to keep it up.”

  “Making one’s living in New York is not
an easy matter, especially if you are a com-
poser.”

  “It is not at all easy if you are a wom-
an. We have a terrible time making both
ends meet, but we have decided to fight the
good fight to a finish. We are going to suc-
ceed no matter what happens.”

  “That is the right spirit,” said Clifford.
“Bravo! ”

  “ It is the spirit of the modern woman,”
said Elaine.

  She had taken a seat on the sofa oppo-
site him. The warm sunshine came through
the closely drawn blinds. It gave them both
the feeling of comfort. -

  After all, the greatest comforts in life
come from the little touches of nature—
and sunshine is the greatest of them all.

  “Now,” said Clifford, thinking it time
to come to the' point at issue, “ tell me what
I want to know the most.”

  She smiled sadly, but did not speak.

  “ Tell me about—about the nightingale’s
song?” he asked. “Where did you
hear it?”

  “ Oh, Mr. Clifford,” she replied—then
she hesitated and looked longingly at a lit-
tle painting of a landscape that hung on the
wall.

  It was a cheerful view of long rolling
fields and wonderful trees with the most
comfortable white home nestling in their
shade.

  The tears seemed to well her eyes as she
looked at it.

  “ Do tell me,” he said softly.

  “ Oh, Mr. Clifford,” she said again. “ It
was so sad. I always promised myself that
I would never refer to it—but—but—you
seem to be so deeply interested—”

  “ I am,” said Clifford. “ I am even more
deeply interested now than I was two nights
ago. Just why, I don’t know. It is some-
thing more than mere curiosity—I am
afraid.”

  “ Perhaps,” she remarked slowly, “ if it
had not been for that nightingale’s song, I
could never have come to-—to America.”

  “ I was quite sure that you heard the
song in England,” said Clifford by way of
assisting her along. “ I do not know where
else on earth one could hear such beautiful
music.”

  “Nowhere,” she replied — and she
brushed away a tear.

  There was a silence. Elaine seemed un-
able to speak.

  “Are you English?” asked Clifford at
length.

  “No—o,” replied Elaine, “I am an
American. But I was living in England
with an uncle. He took me to his home—it
was at Ardslev, about twenty miles from
Devon—”

  “ Devon! ” exclaimed Clifford cheerfully.

  “Do you know Devon?” she asked, as
if glad for a respite from the main theme
of her story.

  “ Indeed, I do,” he answered, with a
cheery smile. “ I was there not so many
years ago. I am an Englishman. Oh,
some day I will tell you my storv. Some
day when we have more time. It is full of

(
THROUGH BY SUNRISE.

129

romance and excitement. But go on. You
were in Devon—”

  With this prompting, Elaine continued.

  “ Yes. I lived with my uncle. That is
a picture' of his home. He gave it to^ne
when I came to America,” and Elaine
pointed with a graceful gesture to the paint-
ing at which she had looked so longingly
when she first spoke.

   Clifford’s eyes followed her, and he rec-
ognized—or thought that he did—as pretty
a bit of Devon scenery as he had ever seen.

  “ My uncle was a man without family
and of very great charity. When I was
a little' girl my mother died. It was a blow
from which my father never recovered, and,
about six years afterward, he too—died. I
will always believe that lie died of a bro-
ken heart.

  “When father died, I was only twelve.
Uncle asked me to come to Devon and live
with him, and as I had no other relations
to whom I could go—it seemed the only
thing to do.

  “ Of course, the fact that I was an or-
phan preyed terribly on my mind. Uncle
Tom was the acme of kindness. He in-
dulged me in everything that I wanted and
sent me to a splendid school, but the fact
that I was an orphan was ever foremost in
my mind, and I hungered—oh, how \ hun-
gered for that dearest and most needful of
all a young girl’s cravings—the love of a
mother! ”

   Elaine closed her fists tightly, as if to
emphasize her words—as if to add fusther
credence to the great truth that she was
uttering. —

  “Uncle Tom saw that I was ever lone-
some. His wife—a dear old soul, but
childless—was more than a mother in every
attention, and I loved her as dearly as I
loved him.

  “But—oh, Heaven!—I longed for some-
thing. It seemed as if my heart would
break at night when I went to bed and
cried myself to sleep asking Heaven to re-
turn her to me.

  “Uncle Tom thought that if I had some
playmates, I would be mort happy, so he
went down to London, and—to make a
long story short—adopted two of the dearest
little girls that I ever knew.

  “ Unfortunately, like myself, they were
orphans. Uncle Tom learned of them from
the superintendent of an orphan asylum.
They seemed so bright and clever that he
did not consider that they belonged to the

   9	RR

regular class of orphans, who are usually
the children of yery poor parents.

  “ The superintendent had written to uncle
about the little ones, and so he—dear, kind-
ly man—put two and two together and de-
cided to go to London and see them. Per-
haps he had had it in mind for a long time,
to get a pi a van ate for me, and this would
solve the problem—if the children proved
all that was claimed for them.

  “ They were all that the superintendent
said. Bright, cheerful, clever, pretty, and
just as dear and loving as two little girls
could be. But—they were orphans.

  “ I was not supposed to know that, and
when Uncle Tom brought them to Ardsley,
he asked them not ,to talk about their
parents, but to look upon him and his good
wife as a father and mother.

  “ He told them that they would be given
the very best home in all the world, that
a nurse would be provided for them and
that he would number them among his heirs
when he died.

  “The little girls were then under seven,
but they understood what uncle told them.
They settled down 'in their new home and
were happy, and they loved their kind fos-
ter parents as if they had been born to
them.

  “We were always the' best of friends and
got along splendidly together. Uncle asked
me never to refer to my position or to say
that I was an orphan, and I obeyed him to
the letter.

  “ One day, they met some of the children
of the village. These children were well-
meaning youngsters, but they told my little
playmates that I was an orphan. The next
time that they saw me they were in tears,
and I found it difficult to console them.
The fact that I, too, was an orphan seemed
to touch a vibrant chord.

  “ I could not deny it, so I told them, in
as cheerful a manner as possible, the story
of my early life. I suggested that as we
three had so good and kind a protector as
Uncle Tom, we should try and live as hap-
pily as possible. I told them that he would
always give us the home we would crave
as young girls, and that our education
would not be neglected.

  “ Well, time went on, and while they were
perfectly contented, something seemed to
grow in their minds. I presume that it is
the natural love of a natural child for its
own parents. I felt that, as they grew older,
this love would grow stronger.
130

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ I wanted to keep it back, if possible,
but at almost regular intervals I found it
the uppermost topic of their conversation.

  “ There were glorious summer and au-
tumn evenings when we would take long
walks and sit until dark in a little summer-
house which LTncle Tom had built for us
under a great elm.	— ^

  “ It was there that we first heard the
song of the nightingales. Oh, I shall never,
never forget those wonderful birds! My
little companions would nestle so closely
with their dear arms about me, and I would
hold them so closely With mine, and we
would wait until those birds broke forth on
the night—song to song and mate to mate—
and we would sit in silence until the song
was over.

  “ That song burned into my soul—it ate
into my heart! It impressed itself so won-
derfully, so keenly on my mind that if I
am permitted to live a thousand years, I
shall never forget it.”

  “No wonder you were able to turn it into
notes that could be sung,” interrupted Clif-
ford.

  Elaine wiped a tear away, and then con-
tinued :

   “ It was those little girls that prompted
that. They drove the beauty and the force
of the song into my mind and heart more
strongly than the birds.”

  “Indeed! How?” asked Clifford.

  Elaine arose and walked into the other
room. It was clear that she was overcome'.
Clifford heard a faint sob or two. He tried
to swallow a lump that seemed to be crowd-
ing into his throat.

  What on earth could the girl mean ?

CHAPTER XIII.

What the Little Girls Said.

TN a moment, Elaine returned and took
A the same seat on the sofa. Clifford
tried not to look at her—he did^not want
her to think that he knew she had been
crying.

  In his heart, however, he was glad that
he did not have to do the talking.

  “ Pardon me,” said Elaine. “ I did not
mean to interrupt myself.”

  “ I am sorry to cause you so much—
grief,” said Clifford. “ I would not ask
you to proceed further and I fully appreci-
ate just how you feel, but you have in-
terested me deeply—yes, more deeply than

I can tell. What did those little girls say
to you ? ”

   Elaine drew herself up as if to gain cour-
age for some terrible ordeal.

  “One night,” she said, and she turned
her head a little to one side, lest the man
should see her tears, “ one night, we had
gone to our accustomed place to listen to the
nightingales.

   “ The little dears cuddled so close to me
in their accustomed way, and I placed my
arms around them more tightly than ever.
Then, too, the birds seemed to sing more
sweetly than ever before. I had just closed
my eyes and was being transported to an -
other world, it seemed, when one of those
little dears looked up at me and said:

   “1 One of those birds sounds just like it
was mama calling to me.’

  “Before I was aware, the other said:
And the other bird sounds like it was
papa calling to me.’

   “ Oh, Mr. Clifford, that beautiful senti-
ment ran through me like a—like a shock.

  “ I cannot describe it as anything else.
I don't remember when any other words im-
pressed me so sadly and so deeply.

   “ I tried to speak to them, but couldn't.
As one bird would speak, one of the girls
would say: ‘ There’s mama,’ then, as its
mate would reply in those wonderfully liq-
uid notes that only the nightingale can ut-
ter, the other would say: ‘ There’s papa.’

   “ Finally, it became so terribly affecting,
that I could stand it no longer. I began
to think of my own dear parents. The tears
were coming so fast that I was afraid the
little girls would notice my feelings, so I
suggested that we go into the house.

   “ But just as L was to suggest it, one of
them said:

   “ ‘ Oh, Elaine, wouldn’t you like to hear
all about our papa and mama ? ’

   “ I told them that we had better run home
as it would soon be getting cold. I really
jumped away from them. They came along
willingly. I talked about many other
things, and even after we were inside the
house, I kept up a lively conversation. I
didn’t want them to refer to the past. I
knew that Uncle Tom would be displeased.

  “ Bedtime came, and there was no hold-
ing them. They would talk about their
parents. I could not stop them. I tried
every method possible to change the sub-
ject, but they were insistent.

  “I simply had to listen. The eldest told
me, as we three cuddled into a big arm-
THROUGH BY SUNRISE.

131

chair, that they did not know their right
names.

  “ She said that her father and mother
had taken her on a big ship to America
when they were little bits of tots, and that
the ship was wrecked and both her parents
drowned. She said that she actually saw
her mother drown—swept overboard from a
boat which was taking them ashore from the
wreck.

   “ She described the wreck so very faith-
fully, that I wondered how such a child
could remember an incident so well. Apd
she added that as her mother was washed
overboard, she called to her to come—but
the sailors held her back.”

   Clifford looked strangely puzzled.

   .“Two little girls,” he said, drawing out
each word as if it were an effort. “ Wrecked
at sea—their father and mother lost.
Why—”

   He looked strangely at Elaine.

  “Why, Miss Aldyce,” he continued,
“ what were their names—what did you call
them ? ”

  “We called them Billee and Bobbie—
boys' names, to be sure, but Uncle Tom said
that they were like two little boys when he
got them, so we gave them boys’ names. Bob-
bie was the elder of the two and did the
most talking. Billee was more reticent.”

  “Describe them. What did they look
like?”

   “ They were very fair. Billee had hazel
eyes and Bobbie’s were darker— Why, Mr.
Clifford! What is the matter?”'

   “ Forgive me, Miss Aldyce,” he said trem-
blingly. “I am terribly overcome. I lost
my wife and my two little girls at—sea—in
—oh, Heaven—a terrible wreck. I have
hunted everywhere for them. Suppose that
those two little girls should be my daugh-
ters. Their names were Blanche and Lil-
lian.”

  “I don’t believe — I never heard them
called them—”

   “ Forgive me for interrupting you; do go
on with your story,” said Clifford.

  “ I haven’t .much more to tell,” said
Elaine. “ Those little girls began suffering
daily for their parents. They got so that
they could think of nothing else. The visits
to the summer-house to hear the nightingales
had to be stopped. Uncle Tom worried about
them; and the sad part of it was, they
seemed to find a secret bond in my pres-
ence, although I tried to keep aloof from
the matter as much as possible.

  “Bobbie — poor little thing — oh, Mr.
Clifford, I cannot bear to think of it—she
grieved and grieved—and—and—”

   Elaine’s head dropped.

   Her heaving breast showed that she was
in the throes of despair. She was crying as
if her heart were breaking.

  Clifford, too, was overcome. He arose
and went to the window and pulled up the
shade. For a moment he looked out, and
then returned to the weeping woman on the
sofa. He sat beside her.

  “ I know that I am cruel in asking so
much of you,” he said, “but, Miss Aldyce,
if you only knew—if you only knew. The
grief of a child that has lost its parents can
be no greater than that of a parent who has
lost his children. And when just the faint-
est glimmer of hope seems to point to the
fact that those little ones may still be alive.
—Why, I would travel miles just to find
out.”

   Elaine sobbed and shook her head.

   “Poor little Bobbie—poor little Bobbie,”
she said as she swayed with grief. “ She—”
But the choking sobs kept the words back.

   Clifford leaned over near her to catch each
syll able.

   “She died,” sobbed Elaine.

   Then the great welling sorrow burst as if
it had happened only yesterday.

  “ My God! ” was all that escaped from
Clifford’s lips.

   “ After we buried her,” Elaine continued,
“ I could not stay in England any more. I
told uncle that he would have to let me re-
turn to America, as I could not bear to live
with Billee.

  “ I simply had to get away. My nerves
were unstrung. I came to America. When
I arrived at an age that permitted me to earn
my own living, I shifted for myself. I did
not want to become a nuisance or a hin-
drance. My ideas on women supporting
themselves is very advanced, I am afraid.

   “ But one thing always clung to me—one
thing always stayed in my mind. That was
the song of the nightingale. In my moments
of sadness I would sit at the piano and try
to improvise those wonderful notes. If I
have succeeded, I know what drilled them
more forcibly into my mind than all else in
the world.”

   “ Have you ever returned to England since
—since that little girl died?”

   “No,’! Elaine answered.

  “Would you like to hear my story?”
Clifford asked.
132

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

“ Oh, not to-day, Mr. Clifford. I am
afraid that I could not stand it. It has
been so much of an exertion to tell you all
that I did, that I fear you must excuse me.”
Clifford arose to go.

  “ But you must promise me that you will
let me tell you some time,” he said. “ I
think, indeed, it is just possible that your
uncle may have adopted my little ones. How
they managed to get to England, though, is
more than I can fathom. We were wrecked
on the American coast. But before I go let
me ask you one question: Is the little girl
whom you named Billee still alive?”

  “ Yes,” said Elaine, who was still sobbing.
“I often hear from Uncle Tom. She is
Very well and seems to be growing such a
big girl, and she is at school now. Only the
other day I had a letter from her; I—”

“ Oh, let me see it—let me see it! ” cried
Clifford. “Let me see it! Oh, please, do! ”
Elaine went to an inner room and re-
turned with a small pink envelope, which
she handed to Clifford.

  The man took it as if it were a thing sent
from Heaven.

  “May I—may I keep it until to-mor-
row?” he said.

  “ Yes, but only until to-morrow. I haven’t
answered it as yet. You must surely bring
it back to me to-morrow. Promise?”

  “ I promise,” said Clifford.

  He took the soft hand of the girl and
pressed it warmly. He started for the door,
and she followed him. As he was about to
cross the hall to his own apartment he
turned to her and asked:

  “ And when I come to-morrow may I tell
you my story?”

  “ You may, surely,” Elaine replied.
“Promise?” said Clifford, looking her
straight in the eye.

  “ I promise,” said Elaine.

CHAPTER XIV.
Another Journey.

^•LIFFORD closed the door of his apart-
ment behind him quickly, rushed into
his little den, threw himself in one of his
great easy reading-chairs, and opened the
letter.

  He hoped that it would bring him some
little clue. Even the handwriting might con-
tain some little familiar hook or angle that
would help him to learn more about the girl
who had penned it.

  It was only a simple letter, told in perfect
English, just what one girl might write to
another about her dresses, her flowers, her
walks, her books—and her beaus.

  “Her beaus!” Clifford started. “Could
she be so old as that?”

  He read the letter again and again.

  “Her beaus! My little girl’s beaus!”

  How did he know that it was his little
girl? Was he sure—but, then, how could
it be otherwise? Was there ever an incident
that fitted so closely with another incident?

  And, if it were his little girl, which was
it—Blanche or Lillian?

  He intended to find out. He now had the
means and the determination, and so soon
as it could be arranged he would make the
journey to England. Miss Aldyce would go
with him; and one of her friends would go,
too, that idle gossips might be stilled.

  They would go to Devon, and then to
Ardsley, and if Heaven had spared to him
but one of his family—but one little child—
he would get down on his knees and offer
thanks for all that was good and true in the
world, as man had never offered thanks
before.

  The morrow came. Clifford passed an
impatient morning. He simply could not
wait until what seemed to be a polite hour
to call on Miss Aldyce.

  At eleven o’clock he could wait no longer.
He went to the telephone and called the
young woman, although she was just across
the hall from him.

  “ There is no answer,” was the response.
“She must be out.”

  Clifford hung up the receiver. He sat
down and tried to write. He tried to read.
His mind would not attune itself to either.
He was able to think of nothing else but the
trip to England—of the day that was as
sure to come as the sun of to-morrow when
he would walk into the gardens of Uncle
Tom’s home, eagerly looking for the little
girl—the young lady now—who answered
to the name of Billee.

  Finally, his nervousness was more than
he could stand. He decided that he would
go for a-walk. Taking his hat and stick, he
went down-stairs. He started up-town in
the direction of Fifth Avenue.

  His head was bent, and he was deep in
thought. Suddenly a cheery voice startled
him with, “ Good morning.”

  He looked up.

  “ Good morning, Mr. Clifford,” it re-
peated.
THROUGH BY SUNRISE.

133

  It was Elaine Aldyce.

  Clifford would rather have met her than
any one else in the world just then—any
one, perhaps, except Billee.

  She looked particularly cheerful and
happy. She seemed just the opposite of the
girl that he had talked to the day before.

  He greeted her and extended his hand.

  “ I received word this morning that the
song — our song — is to be published. A
check came with it. Isn’t it wonderful how
welcome those little elongated slips of paper
are?” she continued with a merry twinkle.
“ Yes.” That was all Clifford could say.
“ I have just cashed it. In fact, that was
the particular mission that brought me out.
I wanted to have your share when you called
this'afternoon. You know, we are partners
in the song.”

  “ No—no,” replied Clifford. “ You must
permit me to refuse any part of it. I will
not—in fact, I intended that there should
be a clause in our agreement that I was not
to receive any of the proceeds until a hun-
dred thousand copies had been sold.”

  “ But we made no agreement,” said
Elaine with her prettiest smile. “ Or, if it
was an agreement, it was only a verbal one.”
“ So much the better,” returned Clifford.
“ Then we can insert a clause here and there
whenever we wish. No, Miss Aldyce, you
must not talk of any share of this little work
belonging to me. I would not listen to it.
You may keep it all. You can do me a
favor in some other way.”

  “ But, Mr. Clifford—”

  “ How’ soon may I call on you to-day?—
That is the greatest favor I can ask. I have
so much to tell you. I wish that you would
try to make it as earl)- as possible. I have
been thinking over what you told me all
night. I read that little letter a thousand
times. I am most anxious to see if you can-
not help me further.”

  “ You may call now if you like,” she re-
plied, noticing the sincerity of his wishes.

  He turned with her, and they walked back
to the apartment-house. On the way Clif-
ford spoke of her good luck in getting the
music accepted. But he was more than
pleased when at length he found himself
again seated in her parlor.

  Then Clifford told Elaine his story. He
told it with every graphic and personal de-
tail, just as we related it in the early chap-
ters of this narrative. Elaine sat and lis-
tened spellbound at the terrible accusation
of murder, of the unbending father, and,

lastly, of the terrible wreck in which he^nd
his family had been so rudely separated.

   She listened to the long recital of his ef-
forts to live in America, of his return to
Devon, of the marvelous manner in which
the nightingales had fascinated him, of his
final return to America, and of his establish-
ment and ultimate success as a business man
in New York City.

  Then, little by little—unto the most mi-
nute detail of face and form and action—
they described the dead Bobbie and the liv-
ing Billee in order to learn if the living one
might possibly be the child of Clifford.

  It was a close analysis—Clifford plying
questions and suggestions and Elaine an-
swering them and putting two and two to-
gether in a manner that assured Clifford
that she really did know her subject most in-
timately.

  “You say that Billee was left-handed?”
said Clifford.

  “ Decidedly so,” replied Miss Aldyce.

  “ That is an old trait in our family. It
was more noticeable on my mother’s side.
My grandmother was particularly left-
handed.”

  “We tried to break Billee, but found it
impossible,” said Miss Aldyce. »

  “Then,” continued Clifford, “you say
she was very fair and blond.”

  “Very.”

  “ I am convinced,” he continued. “ I am
convinced that Billee is my daughter. At
any rate, I am going to see. Now, I want
to make you a proposition, Miss Aldyce—a
proposition that is purely of a business na-
ture. Listen:

  “ I propose to leave for England by the
first steamer—I believe there is a sailing on
Wednesday. I want you to accompany me
to your uncle’s home — oh, it will be all
right, you can bring along one of your
friends here as a chaperon. I will pay all
the expenses of the journey, and will allow
you and your companion a reasonable rec-
ompense for vour trouble—”

  “Oh, Mr. Clifford, I could not think—”
“ I will not have it otherwise if you will
accept. The trip will occupy at least a
month, and I will pay you accordingly. If
you have any work that cannot be left un-
finished, I shall be willing to wait a rea-
sonable time; but I would like to start at
the earliest possible moment.”

  Elaine was thinking deeply.

  ■“When can I have your answer, Miss
Aldyce?”
134

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

<

   “ I shall speak to the girls to-night.”

  “Will you let me know positively in the
morning ? ”

   “ Positively,” she replied.

   Clifford left her.

  He would go to his office and set his af-
fairs in shape for the long journey.

  Already he was beginning to feel the
nervousness that creeps through one at the
anticipation of a trip to a foreign country.

CHAPTER XV.

Starting on the Journey.

TT was a bright, clear morning when the
big liner Titan steamed down the long
channel of the Hudson River into New
York Harbor, through the bustling Nar-
rows, and out on to the broad Atlantic.

  Looking over the taffrail of the hurricane-
deck were George Clifford, Elaine Aldyce,
and May Pierce—Elaine’s closest friend in
the New York apartment. The latter had
never crossed the ocean before, and was
keen with the enjoyment of .the journey. All
the teasing that Clifford could administer
did not disturb her—she was willing to be
seasick m spite of it all.

  And she was seasick—unusually so, even
for a new traveler. She was obliged to keep
to her room. This left Clifford and Elaine
alone—alone on a clear, shimmering sea on
days of brightness and nights when moon
and stars played their accompaniment to
men and women who are interested in each
other in more than the ordinary manner.

  Clifford had become deeply interested in
Elaine. He was conscious of a glory about
her that no other woman had revealed to him
since the mother of his little ones and the
joy of his own life had been cruelly taken
from him by the unrelenting sea.

  He saw in Elaine the embodiment of a
beautiful and sincere womanhood combined
in one who was young and talented—whose
face mirrored a nature above that of the
ordinary mortal.

  Just what Elaine thought of Clifford—
who can conjecture? She thought of him as
a fine, upright man of business, and only
that. Not the slightest hint entered her
mind that she was gradually becoming more
to him than the business proposition he had
advanced—until one night.

  That night they were seated in the lee of
the main cabin, looking afar on the waters.
In the lift of each tiny wave the stars found

a home; in the scudding clouds weird omens
seemed to be adrift. Clifford was seated
very close to Elaine. He had been telling
her of his prospects as a man of affairs.
Then there was a long silence.

  Finally he spoke. As he did so he put
out his hand. Hers was resting on the side
of the chair. He touched it. He had never
touched it in just the same manner before.
She gave a-little start. He spoke—but he
uttered only one word:

   “ Elaine.”

   It was the first time that he had called her
by her first name. The girl quickly pulled
her hand away.

  “ Oh—don’t do that,” she said.

   “ Elaine.”

   He rose in the reclining sea-chair to a sit-
ting posture. He leaned over her tenderly.
If she tried to pull away from him, the very
force of his presence held her back.

  “ Elaine,” he went on—“ you must let me
call you Elaine. Whether the quest we are
on is successful or not—I want you to know
that I have more than a passing interest in
you.”

  “Mr. Clifford,” she replied, “You told
me that this was to be a business trip. I
would not have come otherwise.”

  “Whether you would have come or not
matters little to me. What I am going to
say to you I would have said had we re-
mained in New York, and had a business
venture never come between us. Fate would
have willed it, Elaine.”

  “Mr. Clifford,” she said, “please re-
member—”

  “ I will always remember one thing,” he
went on, the fervor of his nature rising with
every word—“ I will always remember one
thing, and that is that a free man has a per-
fect right to tell a girl that he—that he loves
her.”

  “ Mr. Clifford—you must not sav that to
me.”

   She started to go, but he deftly closed her
hand in his and held her back. Somehow,
she didn’t seem to object. He looked up
and down the deck. It was deserted, save
for them. He stepped closer to her. He
could feel her breath coming quick and
short. He thought that he detected a sigh
—a deep-drawn, heavy sigh and a sob.

  “I must, Elaine,” he said—“I must, I
must! I must tell you that I love you—
that I have been watching you and studying
you ever since that day I first heard you play
the song of the nightingale. You are a su-
THROUGH BY SUNRISE.

135

perior girl—your nature is in harmony with
all that is beautiful in life. Some day you
will think seriously of taking a man to
be your life-mate. Why not consider the
words of one who loves you—who loves you
with all his heart, and who will continue
to love you so long as there is life in his
body?”'

  He put his arm around her, but she drew
away.

  “Oh, don’t, don’t!” she criecj softly.
“You mustn’t.”

  “ Elaine, will you consider what I have
said ? ”

  She made no answer.

  “ Elaine,” he went on with trembling
voice, “ tell me—tell me, do you love an-
other? Tell me! I am brave! I am your
friend. I will apologize if you do.”

  “ Mr. Clifford—” she faltered.

  “My name is George—to you,” he said.

(To be co

 “ You must call me George now, always.”

 She tried to utter the name, but couldn’t.

 He pressed her close to him.

  “ Don’t be afraid,” he said.

 “ Am I—is a girl so humble as I—worthy
 of a man like you?” She spoke in trem-
 bling, almost indiscernible accents.

 “ You are worthy of any man in the
 world—my darling. It is I who should ask
 that question of you—my beautiful god-
 dess.”

 If she made an answer, George Clifford
 heard it not.

 She looked up, and in her face he saw
 more beauty, he thought, than he had ever
 seen before.

 He gathered her in his arms and crushed
 her to him.

 “I love you, Elaine, and I mean it!”

 He found the answer on her lips as he
 pressed them to his.
 n (in u e d.)

WANTS TO BE A CONDUCTOR.

THE numerous applications received in some
of our railroad offices for positions of dif-
ferent kinds in the service of the roads are sur-
prising. Many men apparently have an idea that
the officials are in constant want of individuals to
fill responsible positions, from conductor to presi-
dent, without previous experience. Here, for ex-
ample, is an application received by the superin-
tendent of a Boston road, and his reply:

Dear Sir:

  I write you soliciting a position as conductor on
one of the passenger trains of your railroad.

  I am now a teacher, but desire to embark in a
more active business. I am called an extra good
mathematician by my friends, and remember faces
to a greater extent than most people,

  I am five feet ten inches in height, strong, and
enjoy perfect health.

  I hope you will pardon me for enclosing photo,
but sometimes a person’s character is “ w rit upon
his brow,” and it may help you to a decision one
way or the other; at least, it may determine you
whether you desire an interview with me. I am
thirty-two years of age, and have a wife and a
boy seven years old. I want to get into the rail-
road business, not merely to be a conductor, but
that only as an entering wedge, as it were, or the
key with which faithful service unlocks and makes
accessible the more lucrative positions.

  To the above letter the following answer was
made:

Dear Sir:

  I have yours of the 15th inst., soliciting a posi-
tion as passenger conductor on this road, and en-
closing your photograpji. This was very thought-

ful, for an examination of your countenance satis-
fies me that not only is a fellow's character " writ
upon his brow,” but that it is often manifested
upon his cheek.

  I cannot, after a careful perusal of your letter,
find anything either in your appearance or your
present association or characteristics which con-
vince me that you are fully competent to occupy
without previous experience, the position to which
you aspire, even though you deem it but an “ en-
tering wedge ” to become conductor of a passenger-
train, a position which some men are glad to oc-
cupy after many years’ service in subordinate'
capacities. All persons upon this road are at least1
five feet ten inches in height and “ remember
faces,” and the only mathematical knowledge re-
quired of our conductors is that they shall have
sufficient acquaintance with their division to enable
them to treat the company properly when they
make up their cash.

  If you are in earnest in your intention to take
up railroading, I would suggest that you apply for
the position of freight brakenvan; there arc now
forty-three thousand seven hundred and ninety-
five applications on file in this office, and when
these are disposed of your case will receive the
consideration which it deserves. If you show suf-
ficient ability, you will, as changes take place, be
promoted, and, as the slow course of time moves
along, be placed on a passenger-train; then, after
further, service, running through a greater or less
number of years, it is possible that by the time
your auburn locks have become silvered o’er by
the snows of many winters, and when old age and
care have left their marks upon the now fresh but
vast expanse of your colossal cheek, you may at-
tain the dazzling eminence and glittering uniform
of a conductor of a passenger-train.—Boston Jour-
nal.
How Coxey’s Army Stole a
Train.

BY JAMES W. GAVIN.

The true story series. There are few railroaders to-day

who do-not well remember the march of Coxey's industrial army dur-
ing the hard times of 1894. Some of the boys can even call to mind
many troublesome experiences they had with the recruits who swarmed the rods
and brakebeams in a strenuous effort to join the army of the unemployed. The
Northern Pacific, however, bore the brunt of the movement, for it was in its
yards at Butte. Montana, that Hogan and his crew seized a train and made their
wild run over the Homestake Mountain, without orders, regardless of traffic,
and at such a speed that it seems incredible that any of them should have lived
to tell the tale.

TRUE STORY, NUMBER FIFTY-THREE.

A Determined Effort to Join Coxey’s Force Led a Number of Men to
Take Some Desperate Chances Which Nearly
Ended in a Frightful Disaster.

  ||pS|»fcJjRING the period of financial
depression in 1894, a band
Wfe "WuS °f destitute, unemployed men
led by J. S. Coxey, of Ohio,
popularly known as Coxey’s
Army, set out for Washing-
ton to appeal to the President of the United
States for- food, shelter, and some means to
earn a living.

  The western division of the movement,
headed by a man named Hogan, set up its
camp and took full possession of the North-

ern Pacific yards at Butte, Montana, where
recruits were sworn in and military rules
established. The roundhouse was seized for
a sleeping quarters, and at night the box
cars were filled with human freight, while
in every other place that offered shelter
from the cold westerly winds men crowded
together, soldiers in a common cause, un-
armed, yet believing themselves no less
heroes than men fighting in the defense of
their country.

  It devolved upon Hogan to find some

 v/mwm

    Editor’s Note: All the stories published in this True Story Series have been carefully veri-
fied by application to officers or employees of the roads or companies concerned who are in a position
to be acquainted with the facts. Contributors should give us the names of responsible persons to
whom we may apply for such verification, in order that fruitless inquiries may be avoided. This
condition does not imply any lack of confidence in the veracity of our contributors, but is imposed
merely to give greater weight and authenticity to the stories.

Series began in the October, 1906, Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies, 10 cents.
HOW COXEY’S ARMY STOLE A TRAIN.

137

way to get his men to Washington in time
to make connections with the division led
by “ General ” Coxey, so after a confer-
ence, he decided to start them out in small
bands, with the purpose of capturing every
freight-train leaving Butte and compelling
the railroad company to either furnish them
with transportation or stop running trains.

  The first train seized was a freight con-
sisting of seven cars of copper matte, which
was all one mogul could handle over the
Homestake Pass. Considerable animation
in the hobo camp was apparent beforehand,
but no one except Hogan and his lieuten-
ants knew of the move. When it was time
for the train to leave about two or three
hundred Coxeyites piled upon the cars.

First Attempt a Failure.

  At first the engineer refused to open the
throttle, but the aspect of those determined
men compelled him to change his mind,
and the people of Butte were treated to a
sight of a train of cars loaded on the inside
with merchandise and on the outside with
a cargo of human freight. The train was
stalled at the foot of the Homestake Moun-
tain, the extra weight of its passengers
proving too much, so the engineer was
forced to back into the yards again. Or-
ders were then issued from the superin-
tendent’s office that no more trains would
be moved while the army lay in waiting.

  It might be added here that the authori-
ties at Washington were also getting anx-
ious, as the movement each day became
more formidable. They realized that un-
less something could be done to head it off,
the Federal government might have to take
care of this vast army when it reached the
capitol. The men could not be treated as
outlaws, for they were unarmed and
threatened no violence to the nation or its
institutions.

  They were simply citizens in their own
country, free moral agents at liberty un-
der the constitution to go where they
pleased so long as they obeyed the law.
With all this in. mind, the government
quietly took the matter up with the rail-
roads, with the result that the Northern
Pacific issued a statement that no more
trains would be operated until interference
from Coxey’s army ceased.

  The rank and file of the army was made
up of men from'nearly every walk in life.
Ahfiost every trade and profession was

represented, so it was but a simple matter
for Hogan to conceive the idea of taking
an engine from the roundhouse with his
own engineer and fireman and making up
a train.

Making Up a Train.

  About nine o’clock in the evening, un-
der cover of darkness, a party of Coxey-
ites were sent out to find the company’s
watchmen and place them under guard to
prevent them from giving the alarm. This
done, a fire was started in one'of the big
engines, and the men hastened to load their
traps, blankets and provisions, of which
they had plenty, into some empty coal-cars
standing on the siding.

  Everything was soon ready, the engine
was run out, coupled onto the coal-cars,
and noiselessly the Coxeyites took their
places about the train. Without a toot of
the whistle or the ringing of the bell, the
army of destitute individuals quietly pulled
out on what was destined to be one of the
wildest runs ever attempted in the Western
country.

  The first stop, after leaving the yards,
was made at the East Butte transfer, where
some more passengers were taken aboard.
When everything was ready, the engineer,
realizing that they were now far enough
away to escape pursuit, blew the whistle,
which was the signal for a wild cheer from
the Coxeyites, who now gave vent to their
pent-up feelings after days of waiting.
New hopes were born in them. At last they
were on their way to the capitol, which
seemed to hold their only salvation.

Record for Recklessness.

  The engineer, leaning half out of the
cab, with his hand upon the throttle, pulled
her wide open, and the train started on its
long winding trip up the Homestake Moun-
tain. The descent on the other side, how-
ever, from the point of recklessness and
daredevil train-running, easily put all
other efforts completely in the background.

  Over the great wooden trestles, which all
other trains crossed slowly, this one sped
seemingly regardless of all dangers, and
shot through tunnels and around sharp
curves, until it seemed hardly possible for
the cars to keep 011 the rails. Few of the
occupants ever knew how deep were the
canons, how high and shaky were the
138

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

trestles, or how sharp and dangerous were
the curves, over which they passed that
night until the Jefferson Valley was reached.

  The second stop was made at Whitehall,
Montana, where they asked for orders, and
when informed that no orders would be
given them, the engineer, who registered as
Grover Cleveland, mounted his engine and
made the memorable -run through the Gal-
latin Valley to the Bozeman Tunnel.

  While all this was going on, Superin-
tendent J. D. Finn, having been notified
.from Butte of what had happened, and
knowing what to expect, began to get
busy. Taking a party of men with him
on a special, they started from Livingston
for the Bozeman Tunnel.

  Powder was used to blow down the high
bank just outside the west entrance of the
tunnel, as the superintendent hoped to stop
the train, thinking that when the engineer
saw the pile of dirt on the track so close to
the tunnel he would slow down. In this he
was disappointed, however, for as soon as
the engineer discovered the obstruction he
Realized that an effort was being made to
capture them.	f

  He pulled her wide open and dashed at
full speed into the pile of dirt, sending rocks
and gravel flying through the air. Strange
to say, the engine plowed her way through,
keeping the rails, and, as if nothing had
happened, sped through the tunnel, leaving
Superintendent Finn and his men cursing
their luck for not having blown in the mouth
of the tunnel itself and stopping them.

  The Coxev train had not gone very far,
however, before the engineer discovered that
something was wrong with his locomotive,
and upon examination it was found that
the sand and dirt through which they had
passed had worked into its bearings. A
consultation was held, and it was decided
to run her to Livingston if possible, which
was a division terminal, where they could
secure another engine. This they did, and

the old 522 was so badly used up that she
was useless ever after.

  Here the Coxeyites went into the round-
house and took possession of the best pas-
senger-engine they could find, and, without
interference from the company’s men, ran
her out, and started qp another wild run.

  It might be added here that when Su-
perintendent Finn found himself baffled in
liis attempt to stop the Coxeyites, he called
upon the government at Washington for
help, who, in turn, issued orders to the
United States troops then stationed at For-
syth, Montana, to capture the train, and
upon their arrival there the entire force was
surrounded by the United States soldiers
and all of them made prisoners.

  From there they were taken to Helena,
Montana, for trial, charged with stealing
a Northern Pacific train, and after being
held for some time, they were tried in the
United States Court, but all were turned
loose, as delay was the only object sought.

  It was then too late to attempt to reach
Washington, for while they were in jail
“ General ” Coxey, with a fragment of his
purposed industrial army, had succeeded in
reaching the capital on May 1, 1894, and
from the steps delivered his speech. Among
other theories he suggested that the govern-
ment issue $500,000,000 in bonds to be
used in constructing roads, thereby giving
employment to the thousands of men who
were idle all over the country.

  In anticipation of his coming the Presi-
dent ordered set up in conspicuous places
keep-off-the-grass signs, which afterward
became a national joke, though they gave
the police an excuse to arrest Coxey for
trespassing and throw him into jail. The
remnant of the army, thus left without a
leader, soon disbanded, to work their way
to their homes as best they could, and some
time later, when Coxey was released and
returned to Ohio, he was lionized as a hero,
and received the nomination for Congress.

THE PENNSY’S REFRIGERATOR BARGES.

IN order to facilitate the handling of dressed
meats, provisions, and other perishable freight
in New York harbor, the Pennsylvania Railroad
has inaugurated a refrigerator barge service. This
innovation was adopted after much experiment-
ing as to the best method of handling this char-
acter of traffic where it is impracticable to make
delivery in the original car and where the com-
pany must furnish, protection against heat in

summer and cold in winter. Ordinarily, this pro-
tection has been afforded by refrigerator cars. The
situation at the port of New York, however,
differs from other Atlantic ports because steam-
ships have no rail connections at their piers, and
freight must be delivered by floats. It was to
supply this need that the Pennsylvania Railroad
Company recently inaugurated its refrigerator
barge service.
 BILL GOES TO A CONCERT.

BY F. H. RICHARDSON;.

               The Fireman Tells of a High - Brow
               Occasion Which He and Susie Attended.

“^TgjlAY,” the fireman began, stepping

V'JP over t0 t*ie engineer’s side as l'ie

          train rolled down a long hill,
V' /tP* I " w^at y°u think I d6ne to-
VyffLf day? I went to a concert, that’s
what I did.”

            “ Went to a concert! ” ex-
claimed the engineer in amazement.

  “Yep! A sort of a concert and lecture,
and meetin’ all at once. An’, say, it was
great! I’m goin’ again some of these times;
see if I don’t.”

   “Well, well, well! That’s about the last
place the call-boy would have looked for
you, I guess. What struck you, anyhow?”
asked the engineer.

   “Well, you see, it’s this way: Since I
shook Maggie on account of them doin’s on
the South Side, I coupled onto a nice little
piece of calico over on Chicago Avenue.
Susie’s her name, an’ she’s the goods, all
right, all right, too. They ain't nary a fiat
wheel on her, an’ she’s just as purty as a
bran’-new pay-car. Shouldn’t wonder if

 she an’ me would couple up for good some
 of these days.

    “ But she’s some on the reformin’ stunt;
 an’ nothin’ would do but we must go to one
 of them Hull House uplift lectures last
 night, so I braced up an’ never let on but
 lectures was regular stops with me.

    “ The fact is, I spread it on a little while
 we wus on the way, talkin’ about Hull
 House an’ the good them lectures done,
 when I didn’t know a durned thing about it
 only what I seen on some hand-bills they
 shoot around sometimes over on-th’ West
 Side.

    “ But I was some scared she'd get wise
 when I asked where the ticket-office was
 when we got there.”

   “What! You were not expecting to pay
 admission, were you?”

“Sure! How in thunder did I know it
was a free excursion? I’d ‘a’ looked fine
■"tryin’ to butt through the door an’ gettin’
called for not having a ticket, wouldn’t I?
They ought to put up a sign, ‘ Admission

"THEY SURE DID WANT US TO UNDERSTAND
THEM WORDS."
140

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

Free,' or something like that, so people
wouldn't go making fool breaks like that.

  “Well, when we got inside the porter
showed us to a seat way down in the front
end of the car, and I soon caught on. They
was a lot of little envelopes in a rack, an'
you was expected to put the ticket money
into one of ’em, and a feller comes along
an’ gets ’em. I should think they'd lose
out on that scheme, though, for a tight-wad
chap could renege an' not put in more’n a
quarter for an orchestra seat if he was mean
enough.

  “ I wanted to ask Susie the price, but I
didn’t have the nerve. I was afraid that
she’d catch on that I wasn’t wise to the
game, so I put in a dollar apiece. Was that
enough, huh?” and Bill paused anxiously
for the engineer’s verdict.

  “Why, there is no admission at all, Bill.
You may put any sum you wish in the en-
velope. It is not an admission fee, but a
gift; and you need not put in a cent unless
you wish.”

  “Sufferin’ valve-stems! An’ I coughed
up two great, big plunks on a game like
that! Well, I wasn’t cheap, anyhow,” and
Bill heaved a profound sigh—a mixture of
pride and regret.

  “ Say, it was all right, though. You just
ojftght to go some time yourself. First, they
vs*as a feller got up on the platform an' read
a yarn about some chap who drank' too
much, and he lost his home and got chucked
into the cold world, and stole another man’s
wife and got chucked in jail for it.

  “Measly trick, I call that, don’t you?

  “ I whispered to Susie what I thought of
a stunt like that, but she just snickered an’
told me to shut up.

  “Next, we all stood up and sung some-
thing about a mansion in the skies. Say,
I stayed in the game, all right; and made
good, too; but it’s a fine mark, me singing
about a mansion among the clouds an’ bein'
too darn poor to buy two pair of socks all
at one time.

  “ If I could only get my hooks on a four-
room clapboard shack right here in old Chi,
I’d be going some. Mansions ain't exactly
in my line; but I heard every one else sing-
ing, so I chipped in.

  “I noticed several folks look my way
when I started. Say, I didn't know I could
sing well enough to attract attention—but I
did, all right.

  “When we set down I whispered to Su-
sie, 1 What do you think of my singing? ’

  “ 1 It was quite loud,’ she whispered back.

  “ Now, I wonder what in thunder she
meant by that? Sure, it was loud; for when
I saw they was all noticing how well I sung,
I just let her loose for fair. Just kind of
pulled the whistle wide open an’ tied her
there. Want to hear me?”

  Bill opened his mouth as though to com-
mence, but the engineer hastily disclaimed/
any desire for such a treat at that time,
adding that the crew might think he was
whistling stock off the track.

  “ All right. You don’t know what you’re
missing, though. Some other time I’ll show
you what I can do. You’ll be surprised, all
right.”

  The engineer admitted that he probably
would be, and Bill continued:

  “ Well, the quarter something or other
came out an' sung a song next.”

  “ The quartet, you mean, Bill,” correct-
ed the engineer.

  “ Say, who’s telling this yarn, huh ? They
should have been named the queer on ac-
count of the funny way they sung.

  “ First, a feller would sing a few words,
his voice sounding like a consolidator going
through a tunnel. Then another feller sung
’em over, his pipes sounding like a signal
whistle. Then a girl—there was two fellers
and two girls—sung ’em again in a voice
Susie said was all to the good. Next, the
last girl sung ’em like she was mainly in-
terested in tryin’ to crack the plaster, and
then they wound up the performance by all
singing ’em over again together. They did
sure want us to understand them words.

  “ But it all was all right at that, an’
you just ought to hear it once yourself.
Well, when they was through, the feller at
the piano played some kind of a purty tune
that nearly made a feller cry, while the con-
ductor came and collected the fares into' a
basket with a handle on it.

  “ I reckon that piano guy played that sad
tune ’cause he knowed what a sad occasion
it was an' how we all felt being parted with
our cash. All the same, I think something
lively, like * There’s Room for Us All on die
Trolley,’ would have been more appropriate.

  “Next, they called on some feller to
speak, and he sure did the job up brown.
He spoke about everything in the United
States, even to old John D. Say, I sure did
set up and take notice when he rung John
in. I knew everybody was cussin’ him; but
blamed if I was wise that anybody had a
good word to say about him.”
\

BILL GOES TO A CONCERT.

 After throwing in a couple of scoups of
 coal. Bill continued:

 “Well, when the feller was done speakin’
 everybody looked happy. Then the chap

141

  “The running orders dealt particularly
with making goo-goo eyes at your neighbors’
property. Suffering cross-heads! but he did
everlastingly lambast the fellers an’ the

on the platform got up an’ read the running
orders an’ started in to explain ’em.

  “ Say, he was sure there with the goods.
He started off slow till he got his cylinders
warmed up, which give the fireman a chance
to get his fire fixed, which is a darn sight
more than you do; but when he got going he
was a Twentieth Century Limited loaded
with a regiment of artillery, with a Gatlin’-
gun on the pilot and a ten-inch cannon on
the back platform of the rear coach.

  “ He’d chase a bunch of cussedness clean
down Cimmeroon Hill without shutting off
at all, and just when you’d think he was
goin’ to everlasting smash and couldn’t pos-
sibly stay on the rails another second, he'd
put on the air, slow up, an’ roll across a
level place as nice as you please. Then he’d
open her up an’ go after ’em again regard-
less. He must ’a’ carried an awful pressure.

women who’d got divorced. He just swept
up the deck with ’em an’ threw ’em in the
fire-box to toast. Then he’d yank ’em out
again, polish off the boiler-head with ’em,
and then use ’em for waste to scour the
brass. He’d tie ’em to the track an’ back
off half a mile an’ run over ’em; an’ then
he’d scrape up the pieces an’ put ’em on top
of the pop an’ blow ’em up.

  “ I saw some mighty red faces in the
crowd, and I guess some of ’em got theirs,
all right, all right.

  “ I’m goin’ to get Long Jim into that joint
and frame it up with that feller to lecture
on the sin of gettin’ people into scrapes, and
then I’ll set back and enjoy it. He’ll get
toasted good and plenty.”

  Just then the foot of the hill was reached,
and Bill had no more time for story-telling,
as the 'engineer opened her up.

ACROSS EUROPE ON WELDED RAILS.

I	'HE smoother riding due to the welding of
-«■ rail-ends to each other means added com-
fort for the traveler and less wear on the rolling
stock. Both reasons have contributed to the ex-
tensive use of electric Welders for this purpose,
not only here but in Europe as well Indeed, a

recent estimate of the trackage thus smoothly
joined made it reach from Madrid to Moscow—a
particularly fine showing when we consider that
governmental railways with their lack of competi-
tion are often inclined to stifle progress.—Popular
Electricity.
The A. B. C. of Freight Rates

BY JOHN C. THOMSON.

IN this, the second paper of Mr. Thomson's interesting study of freight rates,
lie describes further the influences that have militated toward establishing
the present schedules of freight charges now in force in this country.
In his article in the January issue of The Railroad Man's Magazine, we were
given an insight to the impracticalities of the “ mileage system ” to which the
layman generally -pins his faith until he learns more of the great cost of moving
freight-cars from one section of the country to another. Mr. Thomson also
told in that article just how the “ joint-cost ” system is the only means of obtain-
ing practical freight rates. His description of the difficulties experienced by
rate-makers in figuring rates under that system shows how thoroughly he under-
stands this complicated subject.

“Water Competition,” “Empty Car Hauls,” “Keeping Every One in Busi-
ness,” and the Effect of Past and Present Rates in
Fixing New Freight Schedules.

words, what the Santa Fe Railroad charges
to haul a mowing-machine from Denver
to Raton, New Mexico, depends more or less
directly on what it costs to move wheat
from Chicago to New York some six
months of the year by the Erie Canal.
Now the average freight payer, especially
in the parts of the United States where
freight rates are high, will promptly snort
at such a statement, yet it is perfectly true.
Let us see how freight rates are made in
the first place, and return to this matter of
the Erie Canal later.

Water Competition.

  In my last article I endeavored to show
how there are only two known methods of
calculating freight rates; the “ mileage
system,” or so much per mile, and the
“joint-cost” system, otherwise somewhat
unfavorably known as “ all the traffic will
bear.” I also showed, I hope, that the
mileage system, pure and simple as such,
is impractical, and that whether we like it
or not, the “joint-cost” system is so far the

               kick a string of empties onto
the siding” is plain enough
language for any railroader,
but to the average man in
the street, to Mr. John
Jones, who pays the freight,
this expression may mean to boot a rope of
vacuums onto a half-inch board planed on
one side. Because of this lack of a lan-
guage in which both the railroad man and
the average freight-paying citizen can
talk, this article is another attempt to
translate some very commonplace informa-
tion from railroad talk into plain United
States.

  So let the expert rate clerk or freight
man not smile too broadly when I trans-
late the above expression into “ to move a
train of empty freight-cars from the main
line onto a side-track,” which it really
means, or when I, in like manner, handle
other railroad terms in this article which
may be perfectly clear to the reader.

  In my last article, it may be remembered,
I said that every freight rate in the United
States is based on the Erie Canal. In other
THE A. B. C. OF FREIGHT RATES.

143

only means of calculating freight rates that
will work out in practise.

  Freight rates in this country have grown
with the railroads. The first freight rate
was charged by the stage-coach, say be-
tween New York City and Albany, New
York. This rate by stage-coach or freight
wagon was as low as could be charged,
and yet bring the freighter a profit. If
the charge was too high the goods did not
move, or else some one hitched up his team
and started a rival freight line. By wagon
this was a very easy thing to do, as the
public road was free to all, which a line
of rails, of course, is not. All trains must
be run under a single management, or
there, will be accidents, Which does not
apply to wagons and the public road.

Schooners Versus Stage-Coaches.

  Before there was a railroad in the
United States there were certain well-de-
fined charges for hauling various kinds of
freight between a number of points, such
as New York City and Albany, as just
mentioned, or between New York and Bos-
ton. The freight rate between New York
and Boston, of course, could not be much
higher than that charged by a ship be-
tween New York and Boston, otherwise the
goods would move by ship rather than by
wagon. Thus, even before there was a rail-
road in existence, we find that bugbear of
all freight men, “water competition.”

  The Hudson River, as every one knows,
flows past Albany to New York City, but is
frozen during the winter so that no boats
can run. In summer, freight was moved
between the two cities by water if there
was plenty of time, but by stage if time
was an essential element in the case, as
with the mails or some light article, say
a rifle, where the extra expense of delivery
by fast wagon service was little, compared
with its cost.

  So, in summer, the stage line and the
freighter with his oxen hauled only ma-
terial of high value that needed great care
or quick delivery, but in winter the case
was different. Then, the Hudson being
frozen, the stage line and the wagons had
the hauling all to themselves, and hence
could charge more. Also, the cost of serv-
ice in winter was naturally higher, due to
the snow, bad roads, and other causes.

  Here we find trouble in figuring freight
rates even before the railroad was invented.

Rates, in those days, changed with the
weather, for one rate the year round would
have been impossible under such condi-
tions.

  From Albany to Boston there is no water-
way, hence the wagon-owners could charge
a higher rate than they could from New
York to Albany.

   Although the distances between- the three
cities, New York, Boston, and Albany, vary
considerably, for our purposes we can con-
sider them practically equally distant apart,
yet with vastly different conditions applying
to each route. The sea from Boston to New
York is always open, hence the freight rate
might be expected to remain more or less
steady the year around.

  From New York to Albany, as we have
just seen, is a river, open half of the year
or more, while from Albany to Boston, the
third leg of the triangle, there is no water-
way, hence the rate would be more or less
higher than that of the other two routes, and
more or less steady, but not so steady as by
sea between New York and Boston.

  A Problem Older Than Railroads.

  I have chosen these three cities because
between them they well illustrate many of
the things that so profoundly affect_the ma-
king of freight rates, whether by wagon or
freight-car, it matters not. There are, how-
ever, still other differences to be considered,
every one of which cuts a deep figure in
making a freight rate.

  Right here let me call attention to the
fact that, at that time, the railroad was yet
a thing undreamed of. He who fancies that
freight rates are all a matter of the railroad
knows nothing of freight rates. Rome,
Italy, had her rate troubles just like Rome,
New York; one when Mr. C^sar attended
to such affairs and the other when Mr. Har-
riman did.

   But to get back to still other matters than
rivers, the weather, ships, and wagons that
affect freight rates: New York is larger
than Albany, and is a seaport, while the
smaller town is inland. New York’s trade
is more or less constant, while that of Al-
bany varies greatly. In fact, it is a well-
observed fact that the larger the city the
more steady is its trade in all lines, in-
cluding the moving of freight. In the fall.
Albany had much wheat to send to New
York, while in the summer months but little
freight went down the valley on wheels.
144

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Now, this meant empty wagons at vari-
ous times of the year between New York and
Albany. Empty wagons cost money to move
as horses eat oats and drivers must be paid,
whether the wagon is loaded or empty.

  In railroad language, this is called the
“empty car haul,” and is one of the great
things that worries a railroad president.

  Before we grasp this matter completely,
we must glance at still another fundamental
fact in freight-rate making. It is hard to
make this clear in a few words, and an il-
lustration will best serve our purpose. The
fact is this: The shipper must pay the
cost of the round trip, even though he uses
the service only one way.

  Suppose a man lives in Albany and
wishes to go to New York. There is no
stage leaving that particular day or for sev-
eral days, as was once the case. He goes
to the local livery stable and asks: “How
much will you charge to take me to New
York?”

The Cost of Going Back Empty.

  The liveryman says: “ Let’s see. I can
make the trip down and back in ten days,
if the roads and weather are good. I must
use two horses, each worth $1 a day, a driver
at $1 a day, making $3 a day for man and
team. The cost of staying over night will
be another $3. Profit $1 a day, or a total
of $7 a day for ten days. Call it $75 for
the trip.”

  “ But suppose you get a passenger to
carry back? Can't you make the price less
to me if that happens?” asks the pros-
pective traveler.

   “ Certainly,” replies the liveryman. “ I’ll
tell you what I’ll do. I’ll charge you $75 if
I can’t get a passenger back; but if I can.
I’ll ask only $50.”

  “ But then you will be making $100,”
protests the traveler. “ You should charge
me only $37.50 and the other man $37.50,
both alike.”

  “But the coach charges only $30 from
New York to Albany,” the livery man says,
“ and I must charge much less, say $25, or I
can’t get a passenger back at all, in which
case the trip will cost you $75, instead of
only $50.”

  So the traveler pays his $75 for a trip
from Albany to New York, and if the livery-
man can get a passenger back to Albany,
then the traveler gets a rebate of $25, thus
making the trip cost him only $50. Doubt-

less all the way to New York the two men
argued a regular prehistoric Interstate Com-
merce Commission trial, and when they
parted in New York both probably were
more or less muddled about it all.

  •This is the very thing that confronted J.
J. Hill when he made a forty-cent rate-on
lumber from Puget Sound to Chicago some
years ago, that his east-bound cars might not
run empty. By this means, the Great
Northern could charge less for west-bound
freight, even if that charge was several times
higher than the east-bound forty-cent rate.
Here we are up against the “joint-cost”
idea again, only in a new light.

  So we have seen a glimpse of “ volume of
traffic,” of “water competition,” and of the
“ empty car haul,” each a very important
item in the making of freight rates. Now,
let us invent the steam-engine, and with it
the railroad, and see what happens.

  The first railroad from New York to Al-
bany found freight rates already estab-
lished. To get business it had to charge
the same or a lower rate than those of ex-
isting transportation companies, as, other-
wise, goods would not move by rail, but
would travel by wagon or boat. Now, this
is a very important fact; and please note
it carefully: A rate in existence fixes all
other rates between the same points. In
other words, one rate is based on another
that came before it. Whether this rate is
fixed by wagon, ship, canal-boat, pack train,
or another railroad matters not in the least,
if for the' same service the goods will move
by a cheaper route.

What Vanderbilt Found.

  Now, in the early days a railroad'did not
push on into new country as it usually does
to-day. They followed the old toll-road
system to some extent. That is, a railroad
would run from New York to Albany, then
another from Albany to Utica, and still an-
other from Utica to Buffalo.

  Each road had its own cars, stations, and
time-tables, regardless of all roads, which
was neither pleasant nor profitable. To load
and unload wheat several times, and cart it
across town from one railroad to another
cost money; hence, wheat from Buffalo to
New York came by the Erie Canal. Each
railroad was then about what the various
electric lines are to-day, more or less local
and unconnected affairs.

But. one night, a man named Vanderbilt
THE A. B. C. OF FREIGHT RATES.

145

spread a map of the State of New York on
the floor of his library, and saw how he
could combine some sixteen roads into one
through line between New York and Buf-
falo. Then and there was born the New
York Central, and in time this dream be-
came true.

  When Vanderbilt finally had his railroad
running from Buffalo to New York, he
found the same conditions by water as be-
tween Albany to New York, but with this
difference. Behind Buffalo are the Great
Lakes, and around the Great Lakes is three-
fifths of the farming land of the United
States, mostly given over to wheat in those
days, and now to wheat and corn. Wheat is
something that can be stored and kept for
months, or even years. It is easily handled,
and in tonnage is among the largest items
of the railroads.

  The Erie Canal, like the Hudson River,
was closed in winter by ice. If Vanderbilt
tried to hoist freight rates on wheat during
the winter, the wheat owner, or shipper,
calmly stored his wheat, or else saw that it
was shipped before the cold weather came
on, often over Vanderbilt’s own road at sum-
mer-canal rates, leaving it without tonnage
in the winter, and with too much tonnage
in the other months, especially in the early
fall of the year.

  All this led to a long and bitter fight.
It was settled at length by a steady all-the-
year-round freight rate on wheat between
Buffalo and New York, and what forced
this rate was the Erie Canal.

  How the Erie Canal Governs Rates.

  In time, Chicago became the great wheat
mart, and the New York Central obtained
the Lake Shore from Buffalo to Chicago,
making practically one railroad from Chi-
cago to New York. As wheat was still the
great east-bound item of freight tonnage, the
price charged through the Erie Canal con-
tinued to control the rates. Then came the
Pennsylvania and other lines into Chicago,
all seeking to haul wheat. To get business
these lines had to meet the New York Cen-
tral’s freight rates on wheat to New York,
and thus we see the influence of the Erie
Canal spreading over the railroads running
from Chicago to Philadelphia via Pitts-
burgh.

  St. Louis also handles much wheat, corn,
and live stock, and as there are railroads
running from St. Louis to Chicago to get

    10	R R

the hauling of wheat from St. Louis to Phil-
adelphia, the rate must not be more than
from St. Louis to Chicago plus that from
Chicago to New York, all of which are con-
trolled by the same slow-going Erie Canal
boat.

  We are pretty far west here, and the same
thing applies as we go south or farther west.
Each new rate is necessarily based on, or
fixed by, some other rate already in exist-
ence, and each is still controlled by the Erie
Canal rate. Between Denver and Chicago,
however, many things move that the Erie
Canal does not carry; say, for instance,
shoes going west. But remember the
“empty car haul,” and our friend going by
stage from Albany to New York? The
same thing applies to every line of travel,
passenger express or freight not only in
the United States, but in the world, so the
Denver-Chicago lines can be no exception.

A Multiplicity of Cause and Effect.

  Things now become more complicated,
and we have to deal with “ through cars,”
that is, cars loaded in San Francisco or
Seattle for New York, Boston, or New Or-
leans, that travel over many different lines
of railroad. Also we have water competition
around South America, and in some cases
even around the world via the Suez Canal.
All these routes deeply affect the price of
hauling a box of shoes or a ton of coal
from Raton, New Mexico, to Boston, or to
Charleston, South Carolina.

  We have seen enough, however, to under-
stand how the Erie Canal is the founda-
tion on which all United States freight rates
are directly or indirectly based. I know of
no better illustration of how railroads inter-
lace and complicate this all-important mat-
ter of freight rates than that of a big net
spread out 011 the floor of some great hall.

  Under the net you may imagine a map
of the United States. Now pull any string
in that net and you either tighten or loosen
every other string in it. I think no one
will dispute this very apparent and easily
proven fact. If they do they can easily try
it on a small scale with an ordinary fish
net on the kitchen floor.

  Freight rates are just like the strings
in this great net, with the Erie Canal rep-
resenting a sort of main string from which
many of the others branch. On this basis
we begin to see clearly how it is that the
Erie Canal controls the freight charges on
146

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

lumber from the South to Chicago, or on
hides from Wyoming to Boston.

  One of the most curious of the many
things that influence freight rates is sheep.
“ Sheep can walk away from us,” said a
general freight agent on the witness-stand
last year, and he told how, if he put the
freight on live sheep too high their owners
just walked them a few hundred miles
across country to a rival railroad, where
the rate was less. Thus he was compelled
to haul wool on the sheep’s back for a
much less rate than in the bale, otherwise
the sheep became freight carriers in oppo-
sition to the railroad, and the road got no
wool to haul, even if there was not an-
other railroad within several hundred miles.

Keeping Every One in Business.

  From the few things we have considered
so far, it will be readily seen that the ma-
king of a freight rate is no simple matter.
I have barely touched on only a few of
the most important things that.govern the
making of rates. There are others, many
others; most of which must be omitted
from these articles for lack of space. One
of the most important is that doubtful item
of “keeping every one in business.” Here
again we had better resort to an illustration.

  As every one knows, coal is widely dis-
tributed over the United States, but its
quality varies greatly. The best coal, the
hard, smokeless kind, comes from around
Pittsburgh, while the coal of Wyoming is
soft and sooty, though it may be burned
under a locomotive boiler. In practically
every home in the United States coal of one
kind or another is used. Soft coal is pro-
hibited in many of our large cities, though
some of them allow the use of any sort of
coal, among which are Chicago and Pitts-
burgh.

  Coal is also one of the great staples on
which the railroads depend for tonnage.
In certain parts of the country, as in Penn-
sylvania and California, crude oil is used
largely in place of anthracite, especially to
make steam. The demand for coal is not
steady the year round, as the domestic, or
household, demand almost ceases in sum-
mer and comes in with a rush in fall.

  Here is as pretty a problem in the ma-
king of freight rates as any one could wish,
a problem that the most radical reform rate
expert, hired by some local traffic bureau,
would ponder over many a long day before

he even approached anything like a solu-
tion. But to get back to the illustration, of
which this paragraph has been a sort of
outline.

  We will say that Jones has a mine of
hard coal in Pennsylvania and mines soft
coal as a by-product. His chief market is
New York City, where he disposes of his
hard coal, but cannot sell his soft coal.
He has to mine the soft coal to get out his
hard coal, and to throw it away would be
a criminal waste, so he can afford to sell
the soft coal in Chicago at almost any price
above the freight rate from Pittsburgh to
Chicago.

  He goes to the Pennsylvania freight man
and after much figuring that individual
tells him that the road will haul the coal
to Chicago for cost almost, rather than see
it go to waste; say, for about half a cent a
pound, or $10 a ton. This is out of the
question, however, because practically the
same coal is already selling in Chicago for
$5 a ton, and to market coal in Chicago
tire Pittsburgh man must sell for no more
than $5 a ton and pay his freight rate out
of that $5.

  Considering the empty car haul and va-
rious other things, the railroad at last
makes the Pittsburgh man a rate of §3 a
ton, who then ships his soft coal to Chi-
cago, and sells it for $4 a ton, §1 under
the rate of coal mined in Illinois.

Losing Money to Make More.

  So	far so good, but the Illinois coal miner
at once goes to see the freight man of the
Illinois Central, and says:

  “ It costs me $2 to mine my soft coal,
your road charges me $2 a ton to haul it
into Chicago, and I am selling it at S5,
making SI profit. But along comes the
Pittsburgh coal miner and under-sells me at
$4 a ton. I cannot mine my coal for any
less than $2, and I must sell it for $4 in
Chicago, the same price the Pittsburgh man
is charging, or else close down my mine.
If I have to do this your road will have no
coal to haul, so you must reduce the rate to
$1 a ton.”

  This does not sound very pleasant to the
Illinois Central man, but rather than have
no coal to haul he has to make a rate of SI
a ton to the Illinois coal miner. It costs
the Illinois Central §1.50 to haul that ton
of coal, so the road loses fifty cents, ap-
parently, on every ton hauled. At first
THE A. B. C. OF FREIGHT RATES.

147

glance one would think that-the Illinois
Central would rather not haul the coal at
all, but if the road does not do so, the mines
shut down and 10,000 Illinois coal miners
are thrown out of work.

Now the 10,000 coal miners have about

40,000	others dependent on them for sup-
port, and these 50,000 people buy shoes,
flour, lumber, and the thousand and one
things that 50,000 people must have. To
refuse to haul the coal at a loss of fifty
cents per ton would be to cause these people
to move to other parts of the United States,
and would reduce a thickly settled part of
the State of Illinois to a partial wilderness.

What Can a Poor Railroad Do?

  This would never do, so the Illinois
Central must haul that, coal at a loss of
fifty cents per ton, to protect its traffic
on shoes, lumber, cook stoves, etc., that
those 50,000 people bu^ In other words,
the Illinois Central must “keep every one
in business.” (The above figures are used
merely for clear illustration.)

  The matter is bad enough as it stands,
but more follows. The Chicago coal buyer
goes before the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission and says:

  “ The Illinois Central is robbing Chi-
cago. It charges $1 for hauling coal 200
miles, while the Pennsylvania charges only

SI	for hauling the same coal 800 miles, or
four times as far. Please make the Illi-
nois Central charge us only twenty-five
cents a ton.”

  In court, the Illinois Central shows that
it is losing fifty cents on every ton of coal
hauled even at the $1 rate, and to make it
haul coal for twenty-five cents a ton would
cause a loss of $1.25, which would in time
throw the road into bankruptcy. Here is
another pretty problem for any one who
wants to tackle it.

  At first glance the solution would seem to
be to restore the $2 rate to the Illinois
Central and make the Pennsylvania charge
$8 a ton, but this would increase the cost
of coal in Chicago $1 a ton, or put it back
to the old $5 a ton price, which it was be-
fore the Pittsburgh man invaded the Chi-
cago market. Such a move would, of
course, shut the Pittsburgh man out of Chi-
cago, which, in turn, would destroy his
business in soft coal, causing it to go to
waste, a national and criminal waste never
to be considered for one moment.

  Also, such a move would deprive the
Pennsylvania Railroad of all soft coal ton-
nage from Pittsburgh to Chicago, and cause
that road to haul empty instead of loaded
cars. To haul an empty car, by the way,
costs practically four-fifths of what it does
to haul the same car loaded. This, on the
other hand, would be a criminal waste, as
it would be foolish to haul empty cars for
$4 when they can be hauled loaded for $5.

  One argument against the “keeping
every one in business” idea is that each
part of the country should stand on its own
feet, and if Pittsburgh can sell coal in Chi-
cago cheaper than can the Illinois miners,
then the Illinois miners have no business
to run their mines. But no mines in Illi-
nois means no people in the coal sections
of that State.

  To add another queer touch to all this:
The Pennsylvania Railroad itself is deeply
interested in keeping those 10,000 Illinois
coal miners at work, as they represent 10,-

000	American families in Illinois who buy
shoes made in Boston, clothing made in
New York, wear cotton grown in Georgia,
and, in fact, consume all the things that

10,000	American families usually consume.

  All this material must be hauled west
from the Atlantic seaboard, and of this
haulage the Pennsylvania, of course, gets
its share, say one-fourth. If the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad puts these 10,‘000 Illinois
coal miners out of business by making too
low a rate on soft coal from Pittsburgh to
Chicago, then the Pennsylvania Railroad
loses that one-fourth share of the other
traffic.

How One Rate Affects Another.

   Going back to the illustration of the great
net spread out over the map of the United
States, it is easily seen how one rate af-
fects another rate. It is a case of wheels
within wheels, and no man can say what
the end must be. We have still another
matter to consider when it comes to making
freight rates, however. It is this, odd as
it may seem: The weaker railroad makes
the rate.

  Suppose for an illustration we take the
Denver and Rio Grande and the Union Pa-
cific between Salt Lake City and Denver.
The Union Pacific has much the better
grade, less than two per cent, while the
Denver and Rio Grande, running over the
higher and steeper mountain passes in the
148

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

Rockies between the two cities, has grades
as high as five per cent. Also the Denver
and Rio Grande has many sharp curves,
and curves are about as bad as grades when
it comes to pulling a heavy train.

  In short, it costs the Denver and Rio
Grande more to pull a ton of freight from
Denver to Salt Lake City than it does the
Union Pacific, and in the making of a low
freight rate the Denver and Rio Grande is
necessarily in the weaker position. The
Union Pacific can make a good profit at
a rate that would ruin the Denver and Rio
Grande.

  In the old days, when railroads fought
to the death, a stronger road would thus
bankrupt the weaker road, buy it in, and
add it to its system. But the railroads
have stopped fighting each other and hav-.;
begun to cooperate. It pays better in the
long run.

  Suppose, however, that the Union Pacific
should make a rate that would capture all
the Denver and Salt Lake freight, leaving
the Denver and Rio Grande with none.
This would mean no business whatever for
the Denver and Rio Grande, hence the
road would have to close down, and not
be worth a dollar except for old iron.

  All the cities and towns along the Den-
ver and Rio Grande would thus be without
a railroad, and would also have to close
up shop. In short, such a move would de-
populate half of western Colorado, and
would make many thousands of the finest
fruit orchards and mines in the world not
worth a cent. So the rate is fixed by the
Denver and Rio Grande as low as 'that road
can make a profit under, even if it does
mean fat pickings for the Union Pacific.

  If the Salt Lake merchant shows before
the Interstate Commerce Commission that
the Union Pacific is getting a rate say twice
what it could make a good profit under,
and asks that the rate be cut in two, then
the Denver and Rio Grande puts up the
defense outlined above, and is royally sec-
onded by all the towns in western Colo-
rado. The Salt Lake merchant, with much
justice on his side, protests that he should
not pay $2 for hauling freight from Den-
ver to Salt Lake just so that Grand Junc-

tion or Leadville, Colorado, can have a
railroad.

  If these Colorado cities are so unfortu-
nate as to be situated behind high moun-
tains, that is their misfortune, and it is not
up to Salt Lake to pay an indirect royalty
to keep them alive.

  “Let the Colorado towns pay enough on
their local freight to support their rail-
road, and let Salt Lake have the benefit
of the lower rates that the Union Pacific
can afford to make,” the Salt Lake man
argues.

  So far the argument seems fairly clear.
Surely Salt Lake, Utah, should not be taxed
to give Leadville, Colorado, a railroad,
even if without a railroad Leadville cannot
exist, and soon would be an idle town.

  But Leadville cannot afford to pay such
high local rates, and fruit from Grand
Junction, Colorado, cannot find a market
if added to its price are freight rates enough
to support the whole Denver and Rio
Grande road. Through freight is one of
the chief items in keeping down local
freight rates, and if the Denver and Rio.
Grande could haul nothing between Salt
Lake and Denver, then Grand Junction
would have to pay $10 or S20 a box freight
charges on peaches for a few weeks in the
fall of the year, which would be out of the
question, as peaches from other parts of
the United States sell for one-half to one-
fourth of such a prohibitive freight rate.
If there were no Grand Junction peaches
in the markets of New York and Chicago,
then these two, and other cities all over
America, would have to pay more for their
peaches.

  So, study the problem in whatever way
one wants to, it looks different from every
point of view. What seems just as seen
from Salt Lake is rank injustice as seen
from Grand Junction, and when one has
apparently solved the question between these
two points, on entering the United States
at large still another view is obtained—
and we are all one country, remember.
Important as the subject is, there is some-
thing still more important than freie.u
rates, and that is the public, and the na-
tional welfare.

It’s a funny thing that a man with a pull nearly always needs a pusher,
but a man with push never needs a puller.—Sophistries of the Super.
Told in the Smoker.

BY BERTRAM ADLER.

The Stories Told by the Captains of the Grip in a Day’s Run Are as
Varied as the Lines of Goods They Carry, and Are
the Real Thing in the Humor Line.

HOMAS CHRISTIE, the
stained-glass drummer, told
this one: “At Pringle,
South Dakota, they have a
fine Presbyterian Church
with a Sunday-school an-
nex. Last year, one of the wealthy men of
the little borough gave a window to the
school, the design of which was Job, sur-
rounded b'y his three friends, to whom he
was declaring his faith in the future. The
text under the figures was: ‘When he hath
tried me, I shall come forth as gold,’ and
the chapter and verse were given.

   “Not long after the placing of the win-
 dow—’twas a fine job, seeing that my firm
 did it—a resident of Pringle sent her little
 -girl to Sunday-school, bidding her to spe-
 cially observe the stained-glass and the les-
 son it taught. The mother was a bargain-
 sale fiend and her child had somewhat
 caught the contagion.

   “ Anyway, when the child got back from
 Sunday-school, her mother put her through
 the third degree about the window. She
 got her daughter to describe the figures, their

 k BE % .—L

attitudes, their clothing, the text, and all
the rest.

  “ ‘And now, Mamie, darling,’ she said
finally, ‘ what impressed you most when
you saw the window? ’

  “ ‘ It was bought at a bargain ■ sale,
mother,’ said angel-face. 1 It was a job lot.
Right underneath the verse was, “ Job.
5.10.” Wasn’t that cheap? ’ ”

A DRUMMER’S REASON.

TTARRY PRITHERHOE, of Boston,
A who sells shoes on the other side of
the Mississippi, and Carl Widendorf, of
Cincinnati, who assuages Western thirst
with the aid of a certain placid but famous
beverage, found themselves in a little Idaho
town, with the shades of evening lowering,
and no chance of pulling out until 5.30 the
next morning.

  The owner of the only hotel said that
the only form of entertainment in town just
then was a funeral four miles away; a mov-
ing-picture show, twelve miles removed, and
150

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

a meeting of the local debating society at
the Town Hall.

   “ I sure advises you, gents, to take in
this here intellectual tabble doty ter-night,”
said the landlord, “ for this same society
have certain pre-empted the big-brains of
the hull county.”

  So the drummers went. That the Town
Hall was a one-time barn, and that it smelled
painfully of musty hay and chloride of
lime, has nothing to do with the story.
Anyhow, the proceedings were bossed by
the town school ma’am, and the debaters
were lined up on the stage. The latter
were of both sexes.

  The topic for discussion was to be an-
nounced by the school ma’am, and the
“ yeas ” and “ nays ” were supposed to en-
ter the talk fight right off the reel.

   After some preliminary, the school ma’am
announced that the subject was: “Can a
Woman Love Two Men at One and the
Same Time?”

  Up sprang Widendorf before anybody
else could utter a word.

   “Does the chairman allow an outsider to
express an opinion on the topic for discus-
sion ? ” he asked.

   The fair gavel-wielder replied that the
society was only too glad to hear from the
“distinguished visitor in our midst.”

  “ Would the lady—beg pardon—the
chairman please repeat the topic?”

     Can a Woman Love Two Men at One
and the Same Time?’” she said, blushing
slightly.-

  “No,” answered Carl. “No. Not if
one of them finds it out.”

J*

NAILING AN ORDER.

'T'HE way that “Tush” Allen, of Pitts-
burgh, managed to open an account
with the big hardware firm, Blank, Blank

&	Co., of Syracuse, after some years of
effort, was told by him as follows:

  “ I tried the old man—the partner who
bought my line of stuff—in ever}' way-
known to man. I played the long face, the
giddy boy, the high-brow, and the world-
trot guy. I fed him up till the menus got
dim. I irrigated him till a tall chap
slipped an Inebriate Home booklet into my
outside pocket. I talked on everything
from ‘ Chanticleer ’ to higher criticism. He
stood for it all; seemed to like it, but
wouldn’t fall for business. Said that the

old firms treated him well, and couldn’t see
any reason to change. Same ancient gag—
but he stuck to it.

   “ Then I changed my route to his order-
book. I began to study him outside of his
business bent. For a month, I couldn’t
find out what his weakness was. All men
have one, but, hang me! if he didn’t seem
to be the exception to the rule. Only flaw
in his armor that I could find was his
desire to remain a deacon—and a love for
white neckties. Couldn’t see how I could
influence him through these things, so rung
off on ’em after a bunch of brain-buzz.

  “Finally, Jimmy Broderick happened to
mention that the old man had captured a
blue ribbon at an up-the-State dog show.
I nosed out on the tip, and discovered that
he had a weakness for dogs—a weakness of
a mighty strong kind. Fox terriers 'were
his special fancy, with Boston bulls run-
ning a close second. I filed the .informa-
tion under the tag of ‘ special.’

  “Two months later, I was in Syracuse
again, having reached there by a late train.
Looking over the newspaper the following
morning, I got wise to an ad. that set me
going. It was to the effect that the old
man had lost, or some one had stolen, a
prize-taker of the fox terrier lay-out, and
that no questions would be asked for its
return. Also, a swell reward was offered
for the safe delivery' of the animal to die
owner. I learned that die ad. had decor-
ated the ‘ Lost and Found ’ column for a
week or more.

   “ Just before luncheon, an idea swatted
me. I got so joyous that I blew myself to
a fifty-cent Trichiopolis.

  “ The old man was sad and absent-
minded. I waited until he had sorrowed
off some, and then I sprung it on him.

     Mr. McJones,’ says I. sort of soft and
sympathetic, 1 were you fond of that evan-
escent ki-yi of yours? ’

     Fond? ’ said he. * That’s no word to
use about this bereavement. I loved that
dog, I did. He took five cups in two sea-
sons. You could make a crazy quilt with
the ribbons that he’s won. Fond?’ The
old man kind of swallowed hard and
sniffed harder.

  ‘“Now, I’m not making any promises,’

I	said, ‘ but if I could manage to restore the
dog to the peace and plenty of his kennel,
do I get a look-in on the next order that
you place for my line of goods ? ’

   “He turned, threw a flash at my face to
TOLD IN THE SMOKER.

151

see whether I was handing him straight
goods, and held out his mitten.

  “ ‘ Do that,’ he said, with a frog-in-the-
throat quaver in his voice, 1 and the order
goes to your house without anybody else
having a sniff at it.’

  “We shook hands and I framed up the
deal with him.

  “The next morning all the papers came
out with a heavy-bordered ‘ scare-head ’ ad-
vertisement that read:

WARNING.

     The person or persons having in their pos-
  session a black-and-tan fox terrier answer-
  ing to the name of Bobbie, are earnestly asked
  to note the behavior of the animal and to re-
  frain from handling or caressing him. Chil-
  dren should be kept from the animal. When
  Bobbie left his late owner, he was under vet-
  erinary observation, having shown symptoms
  of developing rabies. Two of the dogs with
  whom he kenneled have been shot because of
  the disease, and it is known that he was bitten
  bv at least one of them about ten days ago.

                                     X. Y. Z.

  “A whimpering and whining wa§ heard
about midnight that same day at the stable
gates of the old man’s residence. On in-
vestigating, the watchman found that Bob-
bie was outside, twisting himself double at
the joy of being home again.

  “Of course, I got the order, and, inci-
dentally, a bonus from the firm for nailing
it. It ran into three figures.”

J*

  DIVIDING THE PLUNDER.

\ LBERT OSBOURNE, of New York,
told this one about two Pullman
pillow-thumpers who were quarreling over
a certain passenger who had tipped one of
them somewhat liberally. The other seemed
to think that he was entitled to part of the
plunder.

  “Ain’t you got no honah?” asked the
aggrieved one. “Whaffo you try do me
ought’en mah lawful share of dis yere
money ? ”

  “ Cos you have no claims on de stipend.
Dat’s whaffo.”

  “Youah all tongue talk! What ’bout
yer conscientitious, if yer has dat com-
modity concealed in yer robbin’ black
carcase? ”

  “Whose you callin’ black, nigger?”
  “Whose you callin’ nigger, nigger?”"'

  “ A gen’leman is.”

  “Well, let me tell you dat you is so
black dat you could go to a funeral widout
clothes on yer, an’ no folk ’ud know it.
You hear me talk, man! ”

TWO MEN ON WHEELS.

TIMMY MARSDEN, of Austin, Nichols
" & Co., New York, went over to Phila-
delphia during a street-car strike to call on
customers whose stores were on the edge of
Kensington. To get there from the railroad
depot wasn’t so easy. Street-cars were, of
course, out of the question; taxis couldn’t
be had at any price, and the “ lines ” of
milk-wagons, furniture vans, and resurrect-
ed hearses couldn’t be persuaded to depart
from their regular routes.

  Then Marsden had an inspiration. It
came to him that, once upon a time, he could
ride a bicycle. The management of the
Bellevue-Stratford dug up one that was a
trifle wobbly, but its wheels went round for
all that. So J. M. mounted and hied him
to Kensington.

  The trip proved profitable, and the drum-
mer pedaled homeward with a sense of
work well done. Half a mile down the
pike, he overtook a person with a long
beard and a nose that nearly touched the
handle-bars of his ancient wheel.

  “Nice day for riding,” said J. M. af-
fably.

  The other nodded, but spoke not.

  “Often wheel this way?” continued
J. M.

  Shake of the head, but no words.

  “ Riding ’cause of the strike ? ”

  Nod.

  “Live in Philly?”

  Nod.

  “ Say, is there a deaf and dumb asylum
around these parts ? ” asked the baffled
drummer after a silence.

  Nod.

  “Did you escape from it?”

  “ Yes—shake! ”

  The rest of the journey wasn’t marked
by further effort to make the man with
the beard talk.

<5*

SETTLED OUT OF COURT.

A TRAVELING man, now retired, was
badly injured in an accident some
years ago. The train broke in two, and
the attempt on the part of the engineer to
152

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

overtake and couple up with the fugitive
end resulted disastrously for several of the
passengers, among them being the drummer.
He sued die railroad company for §50,000.

  The action was to be tried in a New
York court. Two years elapsed and still
the issue remained to be tried. Then one
day the commercial traveler called on the
president of the road. They were old
friends.

  “How d’do, Mr. Blank?” said the
president cheerily, as the visitor entered.
“ How are tilings, anyhow ? ”

  “Well,” said Blank, “they’d be a sight
better if your company did its duty to those
whom it smashed up.”

  The president laughed. “ You refer to
your claim against us. Well, those who
sue a corporation must have patience, you
know.”

  “ Oh, yes, I know,” was the reply.
“And, if we do win, the doctors and the
lawyers get our winnings.”

  “ Which shows,” said the railroad man,
“that a compromise is better than a trial.”
“ That depends on the verdict that the
jury renders,” retorted the drummer.

  “ See here, Mr. Blank,” said the other,
“ you and I are old friends. Our legal
department has to do its duty to the road
in the matter of this claim of yours, but if
you'll make a suggestion which you think
fair to both sides, I’ll promise you that it
will be tarried out—for the sake of our
friendship.”

  “ Does that go ? ”

  The president extended Ills hand. The
drummer shook it. Then he reflected for a
few moments, and said:

  “ I have sued your road for $50,000. ' I
am willing to compromise for $30,000 or
less. Now, what I propose is this: You
instruct one of your clerks to write a series
of slips each having thereon a different
sum, beginning at $2,500 and increasing by
$500 a slip up to $30,000. Let these slips
be put in a hat, shaken up, and then a
blindfolded person shall draw one of them.
The amount that is marked on the slip thus
drawn, you pay to me, and I will end my
case against your road.”

  The president gasped. - “My dear
Blank,” he said, “that would be irregular.
Who ever heard of such a proceeding?”
“Nobody,” replied the other, “but that
is no reason why it shouldn’t go in this
case. The law is a lottery. So is this.
One equals the other. The chances are
better for both of us. Does it go?”

  There came a knock at the office door, and
two personal friends of the president en-
tered. Both were known to Mr. Blank.
The situation was explained to them.

  “ A bully idea! ” said one to the rail-
road president. “ By all means accept
Blank’s suggestion! ”

  The president touched the bell.

  “ Is any one outside who represents the
law department of the road ? ” he asked the
messenger who responded. The messenger
shook his head.

  “ So much the better,” shouted the drum-
mer. “ Limbs of the law hinder reckon-
ings. This is a gentleman’s bargain. We
don’t want any lawyers mixed up with it."

  A clerk was - instructed in regard to
the slips. When these were finished they
were handed to the president, who, borrow-
ing a hat, proceeded to shake them up.
Then he summoned the messenger, to whom
he explained what was expected of him.
The arbiter of the drummer’s claim was
then blindfolded.

  “For the last time, Mr. Blank,” said the
president solemnly, “ I ask you to state
whether you are willing to abide by the
result of this drawing in the matter of the
claim that you have against this railroad ? ”
“I’ve said so twice. I’m not the man
to go back on my word," was the reply.

  “ Then let her go! ” cried the president.
The messenger slid his hand into the hat.
“ Gentlemen,” said the president, as he
took the unopened slip from the messenger,
“you have all heard what Mr. Blank has
declared. In view of that declaration, I
beg to announce that this railroad agrees
to pay him the sum of”—here he looked
at the slip—“the sum of”—an impressive
pause—“$18,500!”

  A week later the bank account of the
drummer was increased by that amount.
WITH THE GOING OF MOTHER

BY FELIX G. PRENTICE.

                How the Tendrils of a Lost Love Be-
                come Entwined With Our Daily Lives.

        UPE curled himself up on die
squeaky old couch that was shy
a couple of castors and had such
a high end that it gave you
s? a crick in the neck, and
tried to play desert island.
As a rule, it wasn’t hard to make believe
the shiny horsehair of the couch was a lovely
little coral isle with palms and coconuts and
a lagoon of blue water filled with all sorts of
gorgeous fish, while snowy sea-birds floated
overhead. And the one lone strip of carpet
in the room, with its faded sprigs of white
lilac spattered over a grimy ground, made
a capital line of big breakers with a stretch
of ocean beyond.

  But this time Rupe, somehow or other,
couldn’t effect the transformation. True, he
did not try very hard, for he had an uncom-
fortable feeling that made exertion of any
kind unattractive. Then, too, the spells of
coughing broke the web of his fancy just as
it took tangible form.

  Twice he began to climb a coconut-tree,
and once he nearly sighted a fleet of canoes,
filled with savages, bearing down on his
island. But, in each instance, that miser-
able something in his throat began to tickle,
and for the next five or ten minutes he had
all he could do to draw a gasping breath as
he coughed.

  Then away went the island, and instead
there remained a small, dull, shabby room,
and the consciousness that he was very much
alone in the small, shabby house of which the
room was a part.

  The faucet in the sink in the corner yield-
ed lukewarm water, the temperature and
flavor of which Rupe could temper with ice,
which was but rarely in evidence in the
place he called home. It is true that a

free-ice depot wasn’t many blocks away, but
Fate had so arranged affairs that the depot
was only open when Rupe’s father and the
other people of the house were at work.

  The little fellow, more than once, had
tried to get a lump of coolness all by him-
self, and had succeeded, so far as the depot
people were concerned; but one of the tough
youngsters always lurking around the place
-swooped down upon Rupe as he turned the
corner.

   There was the briefest struggle, and then
the robber was 011 his way with his booty
to the cellar of a near-by dealer in ice, coal,
and wood, while Rupe—valiant of spirit,
though weak of body—was painfully feeling
a bloody nose, and trying hard to keep back
the tears.

  But that was many days ago. Now he
drank the water greedily as soon as the cough
gave him a chance, and tumbled back to the
couch again, weak and wan.

   The cough and a twisted ankle, due to a
broken stair, had kept Rupe indoors in the
interval.

  Only two years before, Rupe’s parents
were the owners of a small general store in
an out-of-the-way village. At that time the
lad was eight years old. He had a recollec-
tion that was as keen as it was regretful of
the big field in front of the store, the flower-
garden behind it, the truck-patch, and the
incidental delights of pulling up the first
radishes or hoeing out the first hill of tender-
skinned potatoes.

   Then, too, there were the half-dozen bee-
hives, the chickens, the pigeons that were his
special property, his dog, the near-by pond,
and all the rest of the things that make life
wonderful to a country boy. And then—the
voice of the city, lying and insistent, came.
154

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

Rupe’s father had discovered that there was
“ no future ” in a country town.

  Rupe’s mother—a dear, silly little soul—
had a vague idea that New York meant a
perpetual seeing of sights, walking along
the avenue and looking at society folk, and
lots of other pleasant pastures. She was a
reader of those cheap novels of Gotham life
which are written for the benefit of the un-
versed provincial. So it ended by the store
being sold and the removal of the family to
New York.

  Their cash went in short order and in
several directions, but mainly by means of
a tiny grocery-store, the “ good-will ” of
which was sold them at a price of many dol-
lars. The store had had about half a dozen
tenants in as many, months, and the neigh-
borhood abounded in thieving urchins who
filched industriously. Nearly all the cus-
tomers tried to “ hang up ” their accounts,
and, succeeding, never paid. Consequently
Rupe’s parents vacated at the end of three
months, practically penniless.

  Among the few friendships that Rupe’s
parents had formed was that of a Mrs.
OTIare and her son Michael. Mrs. O’Hare
was a good-sized widow who had a heart as
big as her fist. Her son drove a truck for
a wholesale grocery, and was an active mem-
ber of the West Street Young Men’s Golden
Rod Association, which, as its name implied,
was an organization for the purpose of ma-
king possible nightly bouts with the gloves.
Mrs. O’Hare herself “ went out days,” and
was also a sporadic understudy for a char-
woman in a certain sky-scraper. There had
been a Michael O’Hare, senior, but he had
succumbed to longshore whisky some years
before.

  The O’Hares lived in a rickety little cot-
tage on lower Eighth Avenue. It was .in
the days when Greenwich Village was a
fact, and not, as now, a memory. The tidal
wave of business and building booms had
failed to overwhelm it and its two low sto-
ries, its gabled roof, its narrow, heavily
shuttered windows, and its queer little porch.

  And so, overshadowed by tall tenements
and towering warehouses, it stood quaintly
and shabbily cheerful. In front was a mor-
sel of a yard, poorly guarded from the in-
vasion of urchin marauders by a broken line
of palings, while at the rear was a narrow
slice of 1)1 ack, moss-covered earth from
which sprang a tree with a meager, twisted
trunk. Altogether there was a suggestion of
sturdy if paintless independence about the

cottage that somehow or other seemed to be
in keeping with its tenants.

  “ Yez’ll come right over to th’ house,”
said Mrs. O’Hare to Rupe’s father as the
latter was locking the door of the grocery-
store for the last time. “ Th’ top floor of it
is impty, barrin’ a few moice an’ a broken
pane of glass or two, an’ ’tis a foine view
yez’ll have of th5 avenoo from th’ front an’
th’ tree behint. An’ th’ kid kin play pidgins
an’ fishin’ an’ th’ other things that he do be
always talkin’ about. This shuttin’ of chil-
dren in th’ house or sindin’ them out on th’
strates is th’ ruin of thim. Pack up an’ come
over, an’ th’ woife an’ th^kid.”

  That night the top floor received its new
tenants, and Rupe was so glad to have a
tree for a'neighbor once more that he put in
an hour or two cuddling its grimy trunk.

  Then began a weary hunt for work on
the part of Rupe’s father, and the hope de-
ferred, the spending of the last dollar, and
the pawning of the last trinket that was
pawnable.

  Just then Rupe’s mother died. “Heart,”
said the doctor, but she had gone as flowers
go when cut from their life-roots and de-
prived of air, light, and nourishment. The
day following the funeral Rupe’s father got
the work that might have kept her alive.

  Six months passed. The gap in Rupe’s
life seemed deeper and darker than ever.

  The dead mother had shared with him an
almost passionate love of the country, of
which she only became conscious when too
late. So, during her lifetime, Rupe, in the
gloom of his city existence, had managed
to abstract lots of comfort from his talks
with his mother about the chickens and the
pigeons and birds and trees and flowers and
other things that they had left behind them.

  But all that was dead; and to the dumb,
aching sense of his bereavement was the
added loss of the consolation which he had
derived from being able to tell her his hopes
and desires which were shaped on the basis
of a return to the country. She, too, in the
last weeks of her life, confided to him that
which she did not even tell her husband—
that she also longed with the feverish long-
ing of a wounded spirit for the quiet of the
village.

  Because of their longing for the old life,
neither Rupe nor his mother could ever root
themselves in the city soil. So the lad had
been more or less lonely, notwithstanding his
attendance at public school and the fact that
he was a real boy.
WITH THE GOING OF MOTHER.

155

  In spite of a somewhat delicate constitu-
tion. he could have made a lot of chums
had he so chosen; but the ways'of the other
boys were not his ways, neither was their talk
his talk.

  Being a wholesome-minded youngster,
Rupe did not see the fun in a lot of things
that the precocious small New Yorkers did
or fancied. To make matters worse, Rupe’s
father was one of those men who cannot
give surface indication of their really affec-
tionate dispositions. Had it been otherwise,
Rupe would have loved him more and suf-
fered less. As it was, everything seemed to
go with the going of the mother, for the fa-
ther was temperamentally incapable of ta-
king the lost one’s place even to a minor
degree—although, to do him justice, he felt
his shortcoming in this respect very keenly.

  When the throbbing and thunder of his
pulses quieted again, the silence of the house
became oppressive, for it stood back some-
what from the avenue, and the roar of the
traffic was deadened.

  But Rupe wasn’t a bit scared. He tried
to find surcease from the sorrow which was
so strong upon him in “make believe.”
This time his imagination was strong
enough to garment the hard facts of his loss
or his surroundings.

  The coral island proving a failure, Rupe
ran the whole gamut of his pet imagings,
including being treed by a bear, being a
shipwrecked mariner floating on a raft, a
prisoner in a pirate’s cave, hunting and be-
ing hunted by Indians, and the like—in all
of which the couch, the carpet strip, and the
tree played prominent parts.

  His “properties” were few and mostly
made by himself, except an air-gun which,
although out of commission, was his most
valued possession. But each and every one
of his small mental dramas failed to ma-
terialize.

  A curtain of tear-mist was wrung down
upon them almost as soon as they began.
And then there was the cough, too. Rupe
finally gave up the attempt, and lay quietly
on the couch, looking backward and upward
at the narrow strip of blue sky visible be-
tween the copings of the big buildings that
flanked the cottage.

  A snowy sea-gull, crossing from the Hud-
son to the East River, suddenly floated into
the blue, and as suddenly passed out of sight
behind the block coping. Rupe, whose
thoughts were with his mother, raised him-
self and uttered a cry of wonder and long-

ing. To his overwrought imagination the
bird, for the moment, had seemed an angel
—the angel of his mother.

  With the passing of the hope and the fan-
cy came an added sense of his loss. Turning
over on his side, the little boy began to sob
his heart out—the hot tears rolling down the
slope of the horsehair in quick and glistening
succession.

  Presently the outburst passed. Once more
he fixed his eyes on the sky.' On the coping
were half a dozen sparrows holding a chirp-
ing conference. The chirk-chirk of the birds
only served to remind him of how his moth-
er used to translate bird-talk into all sorts
of funny things. Again the eyes filled. He
was learning—indeed, he had learned—the
pitiful lesson that it is only when we have
loved and lost that we realize how intimately
entwined with our daily lives are the tendrils
of a lost love.

  From the avenue came the shrill, inspiring
whistle of a fire-engine. About the one thing
of the big, weary city for which Rupe had a
genuine love was a fire-engine. But in this
instance the whistle summoned in vain. Its
call became fainter and fainter, and Rupe,
wondering just why he hadn’t cared to run
to the window of the front room to look out,
felt the silence and the loneliness fall all the
heavier when the sound ceased.

  On the mantelpiece was a small alarm-
clock that had a little ship on its face which
rolled heavily at every tick. The clock was
one of the few things which had survived
the wreck of_the family fortunes. It was
an especial favorite with Rupe, because in
the old days it stood on a bracket in the
kitchen, over which hung his father’s gun,
fishing-rods, and net. Thus its steady click-
clock brought up memories of snowy days
when he and his father tracked rabbits or
squirrels, or of other days when the cool
brook dappled by the shadows of the quiv-
ering leaves overhead. And now—Rupe,
with a sudden tightening at his heart-
strings, heard the clock saying a stead-
ily and unmistakably “Mo-ther! Mo-ther!
Mo-ther! ”

  He raised himself on his elbow and
stared at the bobbing ship. It was lurching
time to the insistent “ mo-ther, mo-ther.” He
listened intently, striving, yet not quite
Wanting, to hear the familiar click-clock;
but the voice of the clock would not be
denied.

  “ Mo-ther! Mo-ther! ”

  With that wail of hopeless sorrow that can
156

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

only issue from childish lips anointed with
the bitterness of hopelessness, Rupe fell back
softly on his pillow and shed the tears that
scald the cheeks and sear the heart.

  Then he fell asleep. He dreamed that the
gull had once more come into the blue, had
hovered and descended, and that as it drew
nearer it grew large and beautiful. Its
wings became whiter and whiter. It was a
bird no longer—it was his dear one. Then
the dream changed suddenly. Somebody or
something seized him by the throat. With a
cry he awoke, coughing harder than ever.

  As he rolled off the couch and went to-
ward the faucet, the clock, that was now
ticking normally, told him that he must have
been asleep some hours, for the dusk was
gathering outside.

  A swallow of water bringing no relief,
Rupe remembered that, the day before, his
father had brought some cough-mixture,
which was in the little cupboard in which
were kept the few utensils of the house-
hold. The cupboard also contained some
old-fashioned remedies which Rupe’s moth-
er and father always kept handy. There
was slippery elm and tincture of boneset,
sulfur and molasses, and paregoric.

  Still coughing and choking, Rupe made
his way to the cupboard and groped about in
the interior dimness for the cough-mixture.
Finally he found it, or thought he did, and,
putting it to his lips, took a good swallow.
The taste, while not altogether unpleasant,
struck him as being somewhat unfamiliar.
There was lacking the aniseed flavor and
the general stickiness of the sirup.

  He stepped back into the room. Holding
the bottle up to the light, he saw on the label
a gruesome death’s-head and cross-bones.

  Underneath them, in big, black letters,
was the word “ Poison.”

  For a moment he stood dazed. Then a
realization of what he had done came upon
him. Throwing the bottle down, he ran
frantically to the front window. His first
idea was to open it and call for help. Before
he got half-way a pleasant drowsiness began
to steal over him, his knees felt queerly wab-
bly, a sensation as if he were floating through
the air took hold upon him, and he closed
his eyes, smiling as lie did so.

  Then he found himself moving unsteadily
in the direction of the couch, which rose tp
meet him and seemed to take him gently into
its horsehair embrace.

  It was then that it came to him that he
was dying; but the thought brought no

dread. On the contrary, it bred a sense of
perfect content through which, large and
beautiful, loomed the belief that he would
soon be with his mother.

  Ev£n as the thought came, the details of
the window and its panes disappeared in
a soft halo.

  Then there was a sound—a fluttering
that came nearer and still nearer.

  “ Mother,” muttered Rupe feebly but con-
tentedly. “ She is coming. I am sure I
can hear wings.”

   The fluttering came nearer, the white halo
grew softer and larger, and then Rupe felt
the earth beginning to slip away from him.
Mother seemed to put soft, loving arms
around him—and the light disappeared, and
Rupe knew nothing further.

  There was a queer tingling all over his
body, a roaring in his ears, flashes of light
before his eyes, and a not altogether pleas-
ant sensation of having been suddenly and
rudely awakened from a sound sleep.

   Looking up, he saw his father’s face wear-
ing an expression of anxiety and unwonted
affection.

  Rupe wondered when his father said,
“ Thank God! ” and began to sob.

  Mrs. O’Hare was also in the room, and
so was Michael, and so was a strange gen-
tleman who wore glasses and had a funny
little black bag in his hand.

   “ He is all right now! ” said the strange
gentleman. “ But in the future keep your
paregoric under lock and key. That child
had a narrow escape. He swallowed enough
of the stuff to kill an ordinary youngster.
He’s got a good constitution, although he
doesn’t show it, and that’s the only reason
he pulled through.”

  Rupe’s father turned, and shook the doc-
tor’s hand heartily. Then he bent over his
son, and kissed him.

  “You must get well soon, my boy,” he
said, “ for next week you and dad are going
back to the country. Uncle Jim has ad-
vanced us enough money to buy back the
store—pigeons, chickens, and all.”

  Rupe’s eyes glowed. “ And will Mrs.
O’Hare and Mike come with us? ”

  “That is just what they are going to do,
my boy.”

  Rupe looked up at him wistfully.

  Then he extended his arms and placed
them around his father’s neck, and pulled
his face toward him.

  “ If—if—only mother was here,” he said
brokenly.
The Fine Art of Bridge
Building.

BY OTTO SCHULTZ.

ONE of the most difficult problems that confronts the bridge builder is the
reconstruction of a bridge without interrupting traffic. This was once
done on the famous Suspension Bridge over Niagara Falls. It was
greatly enlarged at the time, and the work when completed was a masterpiece
of that phase of engineering. It is a gripping story that Mr. Schultz tells
of this wonderful feat. He tells also of other bridges that have been recon-
structed without stopping a train and adds some vivid stories of the perils and
hardships of the bridge workers and of the exciting moments they experience
while on the job.

The Growing Demand for Stronger and Better Steel Bridges Is Significant
That the Art of Building Includes More Than Thinking
Up Clever Schemes.

PART II.

OR high-art reconstruction it is
necessary to turn to the larger
^1F ancl more famous bridges,
which have all been forced
to undergo the replacing
process like the humblest cul-
vert. The greatest masterpiece of engineer-
ing of this kind was the reconstruction of the
old Niagara Suspension Bridge by L. L.
Buck, who built the Varrugas Viaduct.

  This structure, a double-deck affair, with
a railroad track upon the upper floor and a
foot-and-carriage way upon the lower, was
suspended from four cables with a length of
span between centers of towers of 821 feet.
After the bridge had been in constant use
for about twenty-two years an object of
solicitude to the traveling public, it occurred
to the management early in 1877 that it
might be well to examine it.

When the masonry covering the wires at
the Canadian end of the north cable was

removed two or three of the outside wires
were found to be rusted entirely in two,
while a number of others were more or
less rusted. As there was no telling what
the conditions might be in the interior of
the cable, or how many of the 3,640 wires
of which each was composed might be rust-
ed off, the company reduced the weight of
trains allowed on the bridge and turned
in a hurry call for Buck.

  The engineer arrived at the bridge March
16, 1877, and at once began a more thorough
examination of the inner wires as far as it
was'possible to get at them. As they proved
to be clean and bright, the outer wires that
had rusted off were spliced. The corroded
parts of each wire were cut out and the ends
filed to a scarf in which transverse nicks
were cut.

  A piece of new wire filed to a scarf and
nicked to match the old one was clamped
on, and the splice was wrapped with fine
158

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

wire. A device vyhich was the forerunner
of the wire-stretcher to be found on every
well - regulated farm to-day for mending
barbed-wire fences was attached to the
splice, and the other end of the old wire and
the ends were brought together, the strain
being measured by a spring balance to make
sure that die mended wire would do the ex-
act amount of work required of it, no less
and no more.

  The proper place for the splice was then
carefully measured and the strain taken off
while the ends were prepared. Then they
were brought together by the stretcher and
spliced, making the wire as good as new.
Some wires 011 each end of every cable were
so mended, the greatest number on either
end of any cable being sixty-five.

  When the cables had been made as good
as new a commission of engineers reported
that, while each of the cables had now an
ultimate strength of 6,000,000 pounds, the
anchor-chains to which they were attached
at the ends would only stand the strain of

3,465,000	pounds; so Buck was told to get
busy 011 the anchorages.

  He dug pits beside the old anchorages, an
operation which required great care to pre-
vent endangering the whole bridge. Then
new anchor - plates were put down, and
chains run from them up on each side of
each old chain, and part of the strain trans-
ferred from the old to the new.

Iron Instead of Wood.

  As soon as this was clone the company
wanted the old wooden suspended structure,
which was decaying and in very bad condi-
tion generally, replaced with iron. As a
matter of fact, the wooden bridge was in
such a desperate state that any attempt to
repair it would have resulted in die destruc-
tion of it all.

  Buck was given from August 1 to Novem-
ber 1, 1879, to do the job. He examined
the old floor beams, and found them so
weakened that he did not dare to do the
necessary notching for placing the new work.
The first thing he had to do, therefore, was
to replace them with the new iron floor
beams before he could begin the work of
erection proper.

  As material was not delivered on time,
work could not begin until April 13, 1880.
Then, beginning at the middle of the bridge
and working both ways, the iron floor beams
were substituted for the rotten wooden ones,

and the lower cables’ suspenders were trans-
ferred to the end of the new beams as rap-
idly as they were put in place.

  Then the lower cords were placed in
position on each side of the lower floor and
riveted. Next the upper wooden floor beams
beginning at the middle were cut out. Then
the posts were put in, and the suspenders
were transferred to the new upper beams.

How It Was Done.

  Each piece of wood was replaced by iron,
and the job was completed September 17,
1880, without interrupting traffic and with-
out injury to a man. The railroad company
was so pleased with the reconstruction that
it concluded it might as well go the limit by
renewing the towers and thus have an entire
new bridge.

  Perhaps this decision may have been in-
fluenced by the fact that the original towers,
built of limestone which could not stand
exposure to the weather, was crumbling and
cracking and showing every indication of an
early collapse. Once more Buck was sent
for. In September, 18S5, he began the
work of substituting iron towers for the
stone.

  Skeleton towers, enclosing the old stone
ones, were built. Then a transfer apparatus,
consisting of four cast-iron columns—car-
rying two transverse and two longitudi-
nal girders—were set up beside the stone.
The old saddles were wired to blocks on
these girders and lifted, cable and all, and
held up by six hydraulic jacks of 125 tons’
capacity each until enough masonry could
be taken out to allow new bed-plates to be
slipped under and on top of the columns of
the new iron tower.

  Then the old bed with its cable was low-
ered to place and the trick was done. It
was done none too soon, for in taking down
the old towers many of the stones were found
to be badly crushed. Indeed, not a single
stone was found entire. One whole corner
of one tower was ready to drop off.

An Early Wonder.

  The Victoria tubular bridge across the St.
Lawrence at Montreal, which was erected
from 1852 to 1859, was regarded in its day
as one of the wonders of the world. Per-
haps the fame was not undeserved; for it
certainly required some courage to undertake
at that early day, when the science of bridge
THE FINE ART OF BRIDGE BUILDING.

159

building was so imperfectly understood and
railroads were such modest affairs, the erec-
tion of a structure 9,144 feet long, contain-
ing 9,044 gross tons of iron and 2,713,095
cubic yards of masonry, calling for an out-
lay of $7,000,000.

  Something more than size and great cost
were involved, for it was necessary to build
twenty-four piers in water up to twenty-two
feet deep with a current running seven miles
an hour, for the bridge is just below the
famous Lachine rapids.

Working on Ice.

  John Young, of Montreal, first proposed
the Victoria Bridge in 1846; but it was not
until a number of distinguished engineers
had reported favorably upon the project that
Chief Engineer Ross, of the Grand Trunk,
drew up plans which were approved by
Robert Stephenson, of England. Meas-
urements for the bridge were taken on the
ice during the winter and the location of
the center of each pier marked by driving-
rods into holes drilled into the river bottom
through the ice.

   It was planned to build the stone piers in
the dry in coffer-dams or floating caissons,
which were to be built in sections in still
water, towed out to position, sunk and
weighted with stone. Planning all this
was very simple; but carrying out quite
different. As soon as the first section of the
first dam in tow of a steamboat struck that
seven-mile current, the-towing was done by
the unwieldy box instead of the steamboat,
with the result that both the box and boat
came near being wrecked before lines could
be gotten ashore.

  Then two steamboats essayed the task.
The two were powerful enough to hold the
caisson, but the terrific current'simply tore
it into splinters. Another was built, and
again the two steamers tried to tow it into
position, but again only succeeded in pro-
ducing a fine lot of kindling-wood.

  Experience taught wisdom, and event-
ually the bridge builders learned how to
maneuver the dam sections, though they
were only placed with extreme difficulty.
Even after they were placed in position
and weighted with a hundred tons of stone,
several sections were knocked into bits by
rafts tearing down from the rapids.

  Perseverance conquers all things. The
first coffer-dam was solidly in place May
24, 1854, and the first stone was laid July

20 of the same year. When the piers were
finally completed, false work on which to
erect the superstructure over the quieter
part of the river was built on scows which
were towed into position, sunk and weight-
ed with stone and further secured by iron-
shod piles.

  Out in the channel temporary erection
piers were put down to carry the false work.
These spans had to be erected in winter.
Obstructing the channel so much increased
the velocity of the current until it was al-
most impossible to do anything.

  Finally by building the narrowest cribs
possible and by maneuvering them with
marvelous skill the end was accomplished.
Piles were driven in pockets left for the
purpose in these cribs on which to support
the false work. Material for the bridge was
hauled out on the ice in winter.

  That winter work rather tried the en-
durance of the men, for in a temperature
twenty degrees below zero they had to ream
holes and drive rivets, clad in thick gloves
and heavy coats, 'with handkerchiefs tied
over the lower part of their faces. Night
gangs worked by the light of fires kindled
in braziers._

  Many a man was so badly frost-bitten
he had to go to the hospital. The vapor
from the water in the open parts of the
river caused the most trouble in cold weath-
er. In a short time the men would be so
covered with icicles that they would be
driven from the work.

  Twenty-six lives were sacrificed in the
building of the Victoria Bridge. Most of the
victims were drowned, for while nearly
every man employed there could swim, and
while life-belts and boats with watchmen
were stationed at every danger point, there
was no such thing as rescue from that fatal
current.

Another Track Added.

  Three thousand men, with the assistance
of one hundred and forty-four horses, four
locomotives, six steamboats, and seventy-
five barges, contrived to get the last of the
9,044 tons of iron in place and the last of the

1,540,000	rivets driven by the latter part of
1859. The bridge was opened with great
pomp by the Prince of Wales, who later
became King Edward VII, and the first
train passed through the long square tube
December 17, 1859.

Rebuilding the Victoria Bridge from a
160

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

single track affair only capable of accommo-
dating light traffic into a modern double-
track structure with a live-load capacity of
twelve thousand pounds per lineal foot,
which was five'times the capacity of the old
tube, was a much simpler matter, for a
"reat deal was learned about bridge build-

Or	&

ing in the third of a century after the origi-
nal structure was opened.

  The first thing done was to enlarge the
piers by building up from their sloping
faces. Then square platforms of twenty-four
inch steel beams were built encircling the
tops of the piers. Next a pair of steel truss-
es 254 feet long, the length of the spans, was
built at one end of the bridge and their
tops connected by cross-pieces and braces.
Beams were placed under the cross-pieces,
and under these five sats of sixteen-wheel
trucks running on a track on top of the old
tube.

Some Quick Repairing.

  All there was to do then was to jack up
the trusses which were to form the basis of
the false work for erecting the new bridge,
trundle them out over the first span, lower
them by hydraulic jacks to seats on the
steel platforms on the pier tops, and get busy
with construction. A traveler running on
tracks on top of the erection trusses picked
up material and carried it out where it
was needed. Floor beams were swung down
by a derrick on one side of the tube, caught
from the other side and brought into po-
sition.

  When one span of the new bridge was
finished the erection trusses were jacked up
and placed on their trucks and run out to
the next span. When a new span was com-
pleted the old tube was cut up into chunks
by a pneumatic rivet cutter that could cut
500 rivets an hour, loaded onto cars and
taken away.

  Extension of the piers was begun in
June, 1897, work on the superstructure was
begun in November of the same year, and
the new bridge was finished July 15, 1898.
The only times traffic was interrupted was
while the erection trusses were being moved.
This process required an average of seven
minutes.

  The total time occupied in moving on the
entire job was three hours. The total delay
to traffic during the entire period of recon-
struction aggregated twenty-nine hours and
forty-four minutes.

  Still another clever job of reconstruction
on the same great waterway from the lakes
to the Atlantic was the rebuilding of the In-
ternational Bridge across the Niagara River
near Buffalo. This bridge, which was be-
gun early in 1870 and completed in Octo-
ber, 1873, was also a difficult undertaking
for the builders.

  The Niagara at diis point is 1,900 feet
wide; the water is 44 feet deep part of the
way, and the current, making ready for the
coming plunge over the falls, races down at
the rate of six miles an hour. Under such
conditions false work built up from the riv-
er bottom was impossible.

  Yet the engineers contrived to substitute
false work on rafts and to put up the 24S
foot spans in eight to ten days each. Re-
building began in Julyr 1899, and was com-
pleted in May, 1901, without interfering
with traffic, using the same scheme of erec-
tion trusses embracing the old bridge that
proved so successful in replacing the' Vic-
toria Bridge.

  The high level bridge across the Hud-
son at Poughkeepsie, 6,747 feet long and
212 feet from the surface of the water to
the base of the rail, is one of the notable
structures of this country. It was extremely
difficult to build, for the water is sixty feet
deep and the river bed is soft mud to a
great depth.

  The Poughkeepsie Bridge was designed
to carry a train-load of 3,000 pounds per
lineal foot headed by two coupled locomo-
tives with a load of 24,000 pounds on each
of four axles, which was considered ample
in 1886. But it wasn’t long until much
heavier loads were thundering across at high
speed, straining the structure so that it had
to be reenforced in 1905.

  Strengthening the Poughkeepsie Bridge.

  It was decided that the thing to do was
to reenforce the five main spans, two of
which were 54S feet long, two 525 feet, and
one 546 feet, by putting an extra truss in
the center of the same design as the old
and designed to carry all the load that the
old trusses could not carry. Of course traf-
fic was not to be interfered with.

  So a new truss was put beside an old one
to carry one track while the other old truss
was taken out, sent to the shop and repaired.
When it was replaced the other went to the
shop. When the second repaired truss was
returned the third was discarded, leaving
THE FINE ART OF BRIDGE BUILDING.

161

 two old trusses and one new truss to carry
 one track.

   In two spans the old trusses were made
 to support the erecting apparatus; in three
 other main spans the erection was done by
 cantilever construction with a very little
 support from the old trusses. For the
 shore spans false work was erected.

   The masonry piers at the shore ends were
 enlarged by adding a shell of concrete. The
 pier on the west bank, which had not been
 securely anchored to the sloping rocky
 ledge on which it was built and which was
 getting ready to fall down, was tied back by
 heavy steel rods set deep in the rock. Alto-
 gether fifteen thousand tons of steel were
 added to the bridge at a cost of $1,300,000.

   While the Poughkeepsie Bridge was be-
 ing built a six-spool hoisting engine was
 wanted on the traveler. The engine was
 brought up under the traveler on a boat and
 four sets of tackle were hung from the top
 beams of the traveler, two hundred and
 fifty feet above the water. The lower blocks
 of the tackle were hooked to each corner
 of the engine-bed.	v

   The fall of each line was wrapped
 around a capstan-head and kept taut by a
 man mounted on the engine-frame. A fifth
 man started the engine, and as the fall lines
 were wound up and tailed off the engine
 pulled itself and the five men to the top of
 the false work and was slacked down on
 beams slipped under to receive it.

Floating a Span into Place.

   A favorite scheme of the engineers is to
 build a complete span of a bridge on. shore,
 slide it onto pontoons, on which it is floated
 to the bridge and then lowered into po-
 sition by sinking the pontoons. This scheme
 was first tried in building the Conway tubu-
 lar bridge in England.

   The span, 400 feet long, weighing two
 thousand tons, was loaded upon six pon-
 toons March 6, 1848, and was placed in the
 bridge March 11, though the span was not
 secured in its permanent position until a
 month later. As the rise and fall of the tide
 was twenty-one feet, it was rather a troub-
 lesome job.

   The same plan was tried in building the
 Britannia tubular bridge on Menai Straits,
 where the tidal current was nine miles an
 ' hour and the rise and fall sixteen feet. Un-
 der such conditions four spans of 470 feet
 each and weighing 1,587 tons were floated

     11	R R

into position in 1848-1849. The Saltash
Bridge on the Great Western Railway of
England, with a span of 445 feet, was erect-
ed in the same way in 1859.

   As usual, though, it is necessary to seek
in America for the record feats. The
largest bridge span ever floated into position
was the 523 foot channel span of the Ohio
Connecting Railway across the Ohio River
just below Pittsburgh. It was slid out upon
nine barges 130 feet long, 26 feet wide and
8 feet deep, at 8.50 a.m., August 19, 1890,
and, at 7.20 p.m. the same day, it was in po-
sition and connected up in the bridge.

The End-Launching Method.

  The most ticklish job of floating bridge
spans into place was on Coteau Bridge
across the St. Lawrence just above Coteau
Rapids. The current races down at seven
miles an hour and, unlike work in tidal
waters, there was no possibility of recover-
ing any slip. If the barges got beyond con-
trol they must inevitably be destroyed in
the rapids, and every man on board faced
certain death. As there' was no other way
to do it, the' spans were erected on the river
bank three miles above the bridge site, skid-
ded on to trestles on pontoons, lashed in
pairs and floated into position.

  Water comes in very handy in bridge
building by the end-launching method. -A
fine example of this method was the French
River bridge on a branch of the Canadian
Pacific near Sudbury, built in 1909.

  The water was 90 feet deep, which put
false work out of the question. So a through
truss-span, 415 feet long, 55 feet deep, and
20 feet apart, on centers weighing 2,564,000
pounds, was built on shore, with one end
overhanging the water one hundred feet.

  A scow, which was sunk under the pro-
jecting end, lifted the span when it_ was
pumped out, and hoisting engines, with
tackle, pulled scow and bridge across the
river, the shore-end of the span sliding on
greased skids at the rate of four to six feet
per minute. When the span was ferried
^cross', it was lowered to a seat on the abut-
ments by sinking the scow again. The en-
tire process was completed in eight hours.

   In France they do things differently. The
Western Railway of France found it neces-
sary to replace a number of bridges on its
Paris-Havre line from 1S92 to 1898, inclu-
ding four double - track, lattice - girder
through bridges at Manoir, Trouville,
162

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

Oissel, and Bczons, with spans ranging from
106 to 232 feet. In each case the entire
bridge was built on shore at the level of the
track, and rigidly connected.

  Then the entire mass, from 636 to 743
feet long, was pushed out end-wise by tackle
handled by eight men at a windlass, who
were relieved every fifteen minutes. The
bridges were mounted on rollers. It was
necessary to increase the weight by putting
an “ out ” or “ pilot ” truss on the front end
of the bridge to engage the rollers on the
piers. Of course, this developed tremen-
dous frictional and inertia resistances, so
that it was necessary to get more windlasses
and men toward the last. Wonderful to re-
late, they actually got the bridges into posi-
tion in this singular way.

An Awkward Piece of Work.

  The Bezons bridge was launched endwise
like the rest, but, instead of using wind-
lasses, a roller on each side of the span was
provided with ratchets worked by levers ex-
tending up above the tops of the trusses.
A cross-beam connected the two levers. Six-
ty men, walking back and forth on a plat-
form on top of the trusses, worked the
ratchets, and in the course of time got the
bridge in place. The Frenchmen might have
used a more awkward plan, only they could
not think of one.

  In trying to launch a lattice girder bridge
of a design that American engineers had
abandoned years before by this method at
Eveaux, France, in January, 1S85, the
enormous mass, weighing 2,091,908 pounds,
tumbled down to the bottom of the ravine,
195 feet below.

  Where such engineering methods prevail,
anything may be expected to happen. On
July 3, 1897, the masonry arch-bridge across
the Adour River at Tarbes, France, was
washed out. The gap was repaired with an
emergency span borrowed from the govern-
ment, which keeps a lot of ready-made
bridges on hand for use in case of war.
July 16, two locomotives pulling a train
was run out on the new span to test it.

  When the first locomotive was within
twenty-five feet of the opposite shore, a
snapping sound like pebbles thrown against
glass was heard, then the bridge buckled and
dropped -into the river with the test train.
This led the engineers to suspect that the
military bridges were no better than they
should be.

  American bridges, on the o.ther hand, re-
fuse to fall when, by all the rules of thre—
game, they really ought to go down and take
trains with them. A load of lumber tum-
bled off a car in a train on the Houston and
Texas Central, a few years ago, and, stri-
king a post in a truss bridge across the Trin-
ity River, bent it ten inches out of the ver-
tical.

  Several trains passed over the bridge be-
fore the bent post was discovered, and
blocked up and straightened. Soon after
this a bale of cotton fell off a flat car on a
train on the same road that was making a
run down one hill to assist it in getting up
another hill, and knocked a post completely
out of a Pratt truss in a bridge at the bot-
tom of the grade. Still the bridge did not
collapse.

  Finally, two bales of cotton fell from oppo-
site sides of a car on the H. and T. C., ac-
tually knocking two posts, one on each side,
clean out of the bridge across the Navasota
River at the same time. Even under such
treatment as this, the bridge stood up to its
work until timbers could be put in while the
posts were being repaired and replaced.

  However, when it comes to hoodoo bridges,
even the French must yield to the bridge
over the Tennessee River at Johnsonville,
Tennessee, on what is now a part of the
Nashville, Chattanooga and St. Louis Rail-
road. This structure was originally built
in 1866, and rebuilt in 1871 as a seven-
span Howe truss affair on timber cribs
filled with stone for piers. The Tennessee
is subject to tremendous floods, rising some-
times fifty feet above low-water mark.

A Jonah Somewhere.

                        /

  The troubles of the bridge began during
a freshet in 1882, when a log house washed
away by the flood struck one of the piers and
knocked it out of place. Then the other
piers began to skate around on the river
bottom, aided by the scouring action of the
water.

  February 25, 1S90. a tornado carried off
two spans as souvenirs of its visit. The
bridge department repaired the break in
forty-one days, driving piles in fifty-three
feet of water.

  In 1901 things began to happen in
earnest. On February 24 a spark from a
locomotive fell in a sparrow’s nest under the
housing, and, as the water-barrels were all
frozen, a span was burned out. In four
THE FINE ART OF BRIDGE BUILDING.

163

                                                           J

                                                           I

days the break was repaired. Then a con-
tract was let to rebuild the whole bridge,
piers and all, the job to be done by January
1, 1902, but, for various reasons, work was
not begun till August', 1901. The'steel work
on span No. 1 was nearly ready to swing
off, and span No. 2 was trestled and the old
bridge taken down, when, at 3 p.m. on Au-
gust 20, along came a flood that was not
down on the program at all, and carried out
span No. 2.

  No. 1 stood, because the piles were driven
right through some Federal transports that
had been placed on the river-bottom by Cap-
tain Morton’s Confederate battery some
years previously.

  The bridge-gang repaired the break by-
splicing piles to make them seventy-eight
feet long, and driving them with track-dri-
vers in forty-three feet of water, with a cur-
rent running at six miles an hour and carry-
ing lots of drift. On August 25 they had
trains running again.

  By December 14 all the spans were com-
pleted except No. 6, where two six-pile
bents had been driven to carry one of the
old iron spans to let drift through the false-
work. Then heavy rains set in, which were
the forerunners of the inevitable flood.

  Just as soon as the flood was nicely un-
der way there came a sudden drop in tem-
perature, from fifty-five degrees above zero
to six degrees below, accompanied by a ter-
rific blizzard. On the night of the 15th
a raft loosened by the flood struck a pier
in span No. 6, knocking it out of place, and
displacing the new truss so that the pins to
connect it up could not be driven.

  It was a difficult proposition.

  The whole bridge force of the division
was brought up and divided into day and
night gangs to fight the drift borne by the
flood, which was threatening to knock the
whole bridge down, and to assist in lining
up the bridge so the steel-work could be
finished. But, in spite of all they could do,
span No. 6 kept working down-stream.

  On the night of the 18th the situation
was obviously so dangerous that the men
quit work on the bridge and drift. But
their courage returned with daylight, • and
they succeeded in getting two east-end braces

  into position, and-temporary pins driven in
all holes where new pins could not be en-
tered. All efforts on the steel work were
abandoned, and the bridge was keyed up
hard on the six pile bent on the west side
in the forlorn hope that it might hold .vhile
the bents on the east were slacked and cut
out.

  At this crisis a steamboat went through
the draw at such speed that the waves she
kicked up washed out the bents of the
false work east of the six pile bent. The
bridge men, who had prudently gone ashore
when the steamboat hoved in sight, waved a
long good-by to the bridge, but what was
feared as a disaster turned out to be the
salvation of the bridge, for the resilience of
the steel track-stringers, which had been
riveted up for the entire span, sprung it
back into line, and the men rushed in to
finish the work on the west end.

  On the night of the 19th the driftwood
piling up against the remaining falsework
became so threatening that the men again
quit. They did not return until Carney
Pavat and Moses Gartin, responding to a
call for volunteers next day, went out on
the drift to tie lines, place hooks, and cut
logs to loosen the threatening mass. That
restored confidence, and work was once
more resumed.

  Half a day was spent in a vain effort to
drive an eighty-foot pile in the flood to
support the crippled span. The blizzard,
which had raged unceasingly for six days,
died away on the 22d, and next day the
pile-driving gang had better luck.

  By night of the 24th all but three of -the
piers were driven to complete the bridge.
After trying for hours to get those pins in,
an examination with a torch at two o’clock
in the morning showed rivet-heads that
should have been flat in the way of the
pins. These were cut out, and at eight
o’clock on the morning of December 25 the
first train passed over the completed bridge
after twenf-.-six hours of continuous duty
for the bridge gang. It was a pretty strenu-
ous session, but the men had the satisfac-
tion of knowing that no other bridge ever
came so near going down to a watery grave
and escaped.

A dead engine can run down a grade but it takes a live one to pull
      up it. Don’t drift.—Musings of the Master Mechanic.
V

 ALL ABOARD!

                     BY THOMAS R. YBARRA.

                       Written for “The Railroad Man’s Magazine.”

                   Being a Song About a Truly Majestic Conductor, viz:

SALERATUS SIMPKIN, a conductor, was on the
Great Jujube and Northwestern’s famous 7.33;

 J. Saleratus Simpkin every morning loudly roared.
      With splendid waving of his hand the fateful
      “ All Aboard!

            In Jujube and Northwestern points that waving of his hand
            Was thought by all to be the perfect gesture of command;
            From even the remotest points upon that railroad’s line
            They used to run excursion trains for folks to see that sign.

           It had such simple dignity-—it had such scope and sweep
           That dukes and dancing masters stood around it seven deep;
           'Twas Saleratus only who could set the engine free,

           No brakeman ever dared to start the 7.33.

           The engineer would storm and growl and fume and rave and fret.
           He was a rude gazabo who detested etiquette;

           With hand upon the throttle he’d volcanically swear
           While slowly—calmly—grandly—Saleratus sawed the air.

           But, lo!—one morning Saleratus, with-tremendous sighs.

            Sat on a Pullman’s lowest step and raptly rolled his eyes:

           The train filled up—the engine champed—yet not a sign gave he-
           With fateful strokes the station-clock boomed 7.33!

1G4
ALL ABOARD!

165

J. Saleratus Simpkin never even budged a limb;

The dukes and dancing masters gazed, al! stupefied, at him.
The clock booms seven forty-nine—he sits, inertly slack,

The folks from the excursion trains demand their money back!

Prance up the road’s directors. “ What’s the row? ” each sternly cries;
“ I am in love,” J. Saleratus Simpkin says—and sighs.

“ When all one’s thoughts ecstatically flutter far away
How can one wave a hand and give a vulgar signal, hey? ”

          “Oh, Polly H. McCarthy!—till thy pretty face I see
          The Jujube and Northwestern runs no 7.33.”

            The words have scarcely left his lips ere those directors are
            Careering madly down the street inside a touring-car.

          At Polly H. McCarthy’s home they stop. “ What’s up? ” says she.
          ‘‘Oh, you alone,” they cry, “can sav.e the 7.33! ”

           They state the sad predicament; she coolly shakes her head;

           “ J. Saleratus mourns,” she says, “ because we cannot wed.”

           “ He has so little money that I will not name the day,”

          The Jujube and Northwestern gives conductors paltry pay!—

           “ His salary is doubled! ” the directors shriek at that;

           “ Oh, very well,” smiles Polly H., “ please wait—I’ll fetch my hat.”

           She swoops into the'station. “Oh, my love, to-day’s the day!
           The Jujube and Northwestern road has gene and raised your pay!
           J. Saleratus Simpkin’s hand, with one majestic sweep.

           Strikes dumb the dukes and dancing masters, standing seven deep.

           “ Eight twenty-two," remarks the clock as “ All Aboard! ” rings clear;
           "What elegance! ” exclaims the crowd—except the engineer—•

           He has the brazen nerve to growl, with corrugated brow:

           "One minute more, b’gosh, and I’d have started, anyhow!
THE ACTIVITY OF SUNSET.

       BY EDGjAR WELTON COOLBY.

           A Man, Like a Locomotive, Can’t Always
           Be Judged by the Polish That He Wears.

!F you know of any road that has
  more heavy grades and sharp
  curves to the mile than the old
  Denver and Salt Lake had, I
  wish you would tell me about it,
  and I’ll promise to keep away
  from it when I’m looking for a job.

  When I first went to driving engines over
the D. and S. L., I wondered how anybody
ever succeeded in laying out the line with-
out getting too dizzy to work.

  Later on I decided that whoever drove
those center stakes must have had a spin-
ning head, or elseTie never would have run
the rails around in so many little circles,
one above another, all the way up those
mountains and down again.

  Pat Flynn, yard-master at Cadiz, used
to declare that all the section-men lived in
the valley, so that when their day’s work
was done, instead of pumping a hand-car a
mile or two, they could take a leap from
any part of the right-of-way, raise a para-
chute over them, and sail gracefully into
their dooryard.

  Anyway, that’s the kind of a railroad the
D. and S. L. was, and trying to keep traffic
moving over the mountains without inter-
ruption and on time kept old man Hen-
dricks, the super, scratching his head so
constantly that he wore a barren streak
across the crest of his dome of thought.

  It did seem as though more annoying
things happened on the D. and S. L. than
on any other road where I ever pulled a
throttle. You never could tell just what
minute you might round a curve and see a
husky landslide coming to meet you, or a
big fat boulder squatting in the middle of
the track. If it wasn’t that, a coupling
would give way when you had almost
reached the top of the grade, and the rear

portion of your train would go tobogganing,
with the con hanging for dear life to the
cupola of the caboose and wishing he was
in Terrell, Texas, where there isn’t a moun-
tain within two good eye - squints and a
steady stare.

  Of course, when you have to stop to
pluck an unhappy and vehemently com-
plaining conductor from the branches of a
cypress-tree two hundred feet below the
level of the track, you can’t be expected to
keep up with the time-card; and whenever
little incidents like that happened, the old
man would yank a few more stray locks
out of his head and express sordid and
sulfurous sentiments regarding the railroad
business in general and the D. and S. L. in
particular.

  So after a while the old man’s nerves got
frayed at the edges, and he ceased to ex-
hibit any symptoms of patience or good
humor. He made you think of some poor
homeless cur that had been kicked and
cuffed about until he couldn't take a bone
out of your hand without snarling and
showing his teeth. That was the condition
he was in when Sunset was sent out to help
him,run the road.

  Sunset was a son, or a nephew, or some-
thing, of one of the down-East stockholders,
and had been through three or four colleges,
and was fuller of theories than a poker
joint is of bad habits.

  The East being overcrowded with college-
bred youngsters who had financial relations,
and the West being hungry and athirst, as
you might say, for more book learning, his
dad or his uncle, or whoever it was, secured
him a job as a kind of an assistant super-
tendent on the D. and S. L., and he came
out with instructions to report to Hen-
dricks.

166
THE ACTIVITY OF SUNSET.

167

  He arrived one morning and stepped from
the train, looking like a burst of glory at a
negro camp - meeting. A soft fedora hat
graced his brow; a pair of gold-rimmed
glasses strode his classic nose; barber-pole
socks and patent-leather oxfords encased his
dainty feet, while a shirt-front, as red as
the setting sun, nestled brilliantly amid the
cloud-like fleeciness of a white duck suit,
wherefore he was forthwith and forever
dubbed “ Sunset,” which appellation fit him
like a finger in the mud.

  As soon as Hendricks got a square look
at him an expression of heart-rending dis-
gust spread itself athwart his worried coun-
tenance, and it began to look as if he con-
templated wiring his resignation and not
waiting for an answer. But presently he
sent the kid into the yard shanty and came
over to where several of us engineers were
sitting on a bench.

  “What,” he asked dolefully, “am I go-
ing to do with that ? ”

  “ Give him something that will hold him
a while,” suggested Waldo, who was wait-
ing to take No. 26 out; “something that
will make him sweat until that red shirt
runs down his back in rivulets of fire;
something that will make him send in a
hurry-up call for his paraphernalia and hit
the back trail for home and mother.”

  “ By the eternal! ” exclaimed the old man
enthusiastically, “I’ll do it! I’ll do it!
Just wait until the next wreck occurs, and
watch me set him a task that will make
him take that college education of his out
and trade it off for a yellow dog.”

  It seemed, however, as though the advent
of Sunset served to ward off the evil influ-
ences that had been playing havoc with the

D.	and S. L., for during the ensuing six
weeks nothing occurred to upset the time-
card or do damage to the road-bed.

  Then, of course, the director who was
responsible for Sunset called the attention
of the other directors to the vast improve-
ment in the operation of the road; and
Sunset began receiving letters, which he was
careful to destroy. Seems like he didn’t
want Hendricks to know what was being
said down- at headquarters.

  It wasn’t long, however, until the old
man learned of the praise that was being
bestowed upon the new assistant superin-
tendent because of the improved efficiency
on the road, and Hendricks got so mad he
looked cross-eyed, walked pigeon-toed, and
swore over the top of his nose. I almost

believe he lay awake at night wishing that
something would happen so that he could
give Sunset a taste of high life in the moun-
tains.

  As for Sunset, he never had much to say
—just seemed to be set on getting acquaint-
ed with the lay of the land and the flora
and fauna and like incidentals that the rest
of us never wasted any time over.

  Finally one day the opportunity that the
old man had been waiting for arrived, and
he smiled such a long, broad, and deep
smile that I thought he never would get his
features together again.

  No. 33, west - bound freight, going up
Squaw Mountain, broke in two, and before
the runaway cars could be got under con-
trol two of them left the rails, plunged
stuck, right side up with care, in the mud.

  Hendricks took Sunset out on a special
and showed him the cars.

  “Now, young man,” he said, trying to
conceal the glee that was throbbing in his
veins, “you get busy and put those cars
back on the rails, and don’t interfere any
with the rimning of trains.”

  Sunset looked down at the cars, up at the
old man, and then down at the cars again.

  “Just how,” he asked, as innocent as a
kid at. a Sunday-school picnic, “just how
would you rather have me get them up
here ? ”

  “How?” growled the old man, pinching
himself to keep from laughing. “ Why, get
’em up any way you want to; only,” he
said, “you can’t have any derrick, because
there isn’t any within two hundred miles of
here.”

  Sunset stood and gazed down the em-
bankment, up the track, down the track,
and up the mountainside, all the time ta-
king measurements with his eyes and seeing
all that’s to be seen.

  Then he took a pencil and a note-book,
did a little figuring, and said, as quiet as
you please:

  “Very well, just send me up a dozen
men, six hundred feet of wire cable, six
treble blocks and tackle, ten or twelve rails,
twenty or thirty old ties, and a keg of
spikes.”

  Hendricks squinted kind of mysteriously
at Sunset for a full minute. “ All right,”
he said, and, after making a note of what
was wanted, he started back to Cadiz on
the special, leaving Sunset sitting on the
edge of the embankment, figuring in his
book and sizing up the trees about him.
168

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  It wasn’t long until Hendricks had the
men and supplies loaded on a car and on
their way up to where Sunset was survey-
ing the scenery to his heart’s content. An
hour or so later, the engine and the empty
car returned to Cadiz, and the engineer re-
ported to Hendricks that Sunset had sent
him down to get him out of the way of
traffic, but that he was to go back up two
hours later, trailing No. 23, which would
be the last train to pass in either direction
for an hour.

  At this information the old man knotted
his brows in speculation, but he was too
hilariously happy to waste much serious
thought on anything.

  However, when No. 23 was due to leave
Cadiz, and the engineer who had been as-
signed to assist Sunset in getting the cars
back on the track was ready to follow it,
the old man could no longer restrain his
impatient curiosity. He felt that he just
had to go along and see what kind of an
answer to that puzzle Sunset was trying to
figure out.

  “Oh, my—:oh, my!” he said to us fel-
lows, “ it’s too bad to put a kid like Sunset
up against a problem like that, but I had
to do it. I couldn't help it.” He was so
tickled that the tears streamed down his
cheeks.

  When at last he reached the scene of
Sunset’s activity, the old man stood for a
moment, with open-mouthed astonishment;
then he lay down on the ground and roared
and roared.

  There, running down that almost per-
pendicular embankment, at an angle of
about forty-five degrees from the road-bed,
was a double line of rails, the lower ends
resting under the wheels of the first of the
two cars and the upper ends terminating
in a mass of blocking and wedges on the
lower side and between the rails of the
road.

  “What in the world?” bellowed the
old man, as soon as he was able to get to
his feet again. “What in the world are
you going to do? I can’t understand what
you are driving at.”

  “Why,” said Sunset innocently, rubbing

his gold-rimmed glasses with a silk hand-
kerchief. “Why, I’m going to pull these
cars onto the track.”

  “What?” yelled the old man. “Do you
mean to say that any engine can pull a car
up that grade? Do you mean to say you
haven’t any more sense than to run an en-
gine down that track ? Do you know where
it would land? Have you any idea how
you would get it back again ? What are you
thinking about, anyway?”

  “No,” said Sunset, taking ^leerschaum
pipe from his Docket and calmly lighting
it. “ I have no though! cf sending an en-
gine down there. I haven’t figured on
using an engine in hauling the cars up here
at all. In fact,” he went on, “the only
use I think I will have for the engine will
be to take the cars down to Cadiz after I
get them on the track,” he says.

  The old man squinted at Sunset and tried
to speak but he couldn’t. Sunset seemed to
be too much for him. He just sank down
upon the empty nail-keg and awaited de-
velopments.

  Sunset didn't waste any time in words.
He set the men to work and in a few min-
utes had those six treble blocks strung on
that six hundred feet of cable, and fastened
firmly to trees above the track. One end
of the cable was then fastened to one of the
cars, and when all was ready a dozen men
grasped the loose end of the cable, and at
a signal from Sunset started down the em-
bankment.

  What happened made the old man sit up
and rub his eyes.

  The car rolled up that perpendicular
track and over the blocking and wedges
and onto the main line rails as easily as if
it had been trained. When the second car
had been hauled up in the same manner.
Sunset knocked the ashes out of his pipe
and glanced at his watch.

  “ I think, Mr. Hendricks,” he said. “ that
we will have plenty of time to reach Cadiz
ahead of the 42.”

  The old man? He got off that nail-keg
and took one of Sunset’s hands in his.

  “Say, kid,” he said, “why didn’t you
come out here a year ago ? ”

The biggest load needs the strongest brake—A wise head carries a
     still tongue.—Cons of an Old Conductor.
  Flashes from the Headlight

CONTRIBUTED BY OUR READERS.

Railroad Stories That Are Supposed to Be Spick-and-Span and New, Just
from the Shops. The Editor Is Looking for Some
More. Can You Send One?

,AN OPR’S RESIGNATION.

I'M growing tired of these barren hills, no place
to go but the tank,

The mosquitoes- are hell, the sheep-pens smell,
    and the grub is awfully rank.

I worked like a slave till I’m near my grave for
    the “ Monkey Central Pike,”

And I haye a notion I deserve promotion, and
    I’ll get it or go on the hike:

So upon receipt of this letter, if you've nothing
    better to offer a man of my stamp that OS'ing
    trains on this dismal dump, and running a
    worn-out six-horse pump,

I guess I’ll go on the tramp.

Yours truly—Operator,

                    Virgelle, Montana.

                                 ■J*

COULDN’T FIND IT.

THE ham received a “ 19," and the last thing
“ DS ” told him was, “ be sure and gi him a
hi ball! ” The ham turned the place upside down,
pulled out all the drawers, flung books around in
a frenzy, and when he had the place looking as if
a cyclone had hit it he called the “ DS " and said:

“I couldn't find no high ball in the place; the
last operator must have taken the last one with
him when he left."

The disgusted “ DS " had to tell him to go out
and give them the “ go ahead" signal with a
white lantern.

NOT ALWAYS THE SAME.

A TRAVELING salesman boarded a train at
Chicago cn route to Denver. He wanted
to know the distance between the two cities.

    "How far is it from Chicago to Denver?" he
asked the conductor.

    “ A thousand and two miles,” replied the con
somewhat sharply.

    The drummer thought that the con was an un-
obliging sort, so he waited until he came through
the car on his second ticket-punching tour.

  “How far is it from Denver to Chicago?”
asked the drummer.

  The con eyed the drummer with disgust. Then
he said:

  “ I just told you that it was a thousand and
two miles from Chicago to Denver and, very likely,
it is the same distance the other way.”

“ Not necessarily,” returned the drummer. “ It
is only a week from Christmas to New Year’s, but
it's nearly a year from New Year’s to Christmas."
&

WHAT SHE WANTED.

THE train was one hour late coming into Berea,
Kentucky. An old woman with a peaked
black bonnet got aboard, and after surveying every
one and everything in the coach, she turned to a
red-headed boy in the seat behind, and pointing
to the bell-cord asked, “ What's that fur ? ”

  “Oh," said the boy, “that is the bell-cord. It
is connected with the dining-car. When you
want anything to eat, just pull that and the waiter
comes and takes your order.”

  The old woman hooked the end of hei parasol
over the bell-cord and gave it a vigorous jerk.
Instantly the air-brakes were set and the train
came to a stop. All the passengers hustled off to
ascertain the cause of so sudden a stop and
general coil fusion reigned through the entire train.
The old woman was the only person not disturbed.

  Finally the conductor rushed in and asked
loudly, “Who pulled that bell-cord?”

The old woman looked up.

“ I did,” she calmly replied.

“Well, what do you want?

“ I’ll take a cup of coffee
wich," she answered meekly.

’ shouted the con.
and a ham sand-

ON HIS FIRST TRIP.

ON one of the Southern railroads a negro
found employment as a fireman. On his
first trip, he noticed that the steam-gage showed

169
170

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

two hundred pounds, the hand pointing in the
direction of the engineer.

   “See the way that hand is pointing?” said the
engineer.

   “ Yes, sah„”

   “ Well,” continued the man at the throttle, “ you
 want to keep that hand pointing at me all the
 time.”

  They ran along for about fifteen miles, and
the steam went down. The hand began to point
toward the fireman’s seat.

   The negro .watched it intently. Finally, he step-
 ped over to the engineer and tapped him on the
 shoulder, saying:

   “ Cap, ah spect you better get over on the other
side awhile ! ”	^

A LESSON IN ECONOMY.

THE new roadniaster was making his first trip
of inspection. At the end of his division,
having a few hours before starting on his return
trip, he started for a sect ion-crew at work farther
up the yard. On the way, he saw three new
spikes lying alongside the track. He stopped
and beckoned to the section-foreman, intending to
teach him a lesson in economy. When the fore-
man stood before him he asked:

  “ Didn’t you receive instructions a few days
ago to keep a careful eye open and guard against
all waste of material?”	^

   The foreman said he had.

  “Well, then, what about these?” He pointed
to the spikes.

  “Did yez foind thim lyin’ there?” asked the
foreman.

   “ I did,” said the roadmaster. “ Right there.”

   “ What de ye think o’ thot,” said the foreman.
“ Oi’ve had nine men lookin’ fur thim fur th’
last three hours.”	^

DIES EVERY DAY.

THE following telegram was sent recently by a
Logger to a station-agent on a branch of the
Baltimore and Ohio:

  “ Engine 131 dead. Dies every day. Grate-
bars burned and won’t shake. Leaking badly.
No wood here. Car of same ordered ten days
ago. Advise.”	j-

SETTLING THE CLAIM.

ON one of the railroads of Wisconsin there
lived a Swedish farmer who had the mis-
fortune to have one of his cows killed by an en-
gine. In a few days the claim-agent of the com-
pany called on the farmer, and, in his most
urbane and smiling manner, proceeded to settle
with him.

  Sakl the agent: “Now, Mr. Jensen, you know

your animal had no right whatever to be on our
tracks, and, as the easiest way is always the best,
I hope we can reach a prompt and just conclusion.^
It would save us both annoyance and money to
settle this matter without resorting to the delays
and hindrances of the law, and, therefore, what
would you regard as a fair price for the settle-
ment of all claims?”

  The farmer hesitated a moment and said:

  “ Well, I bane poor Swede, but I tank I shall
give you ten dollars. Is dot all right? ”

-Jt

WHAT HE FOUND.

S I was waiting for the train the other day,”
said a California man, “I noticed a man
among the crowd who seemed a bit tipsy. Just
as the train arrived, he cried, ‘ Somebody lose a
dollar?’ Of course, everybody pressed around
him, feeling their pockets.

“ He then said, ‘ Well, I found a nickel of it.’ ”

■Jt

ALL RIGHT ONE WAY.

SOME years ago when Sir William Van Horne
was president of the Canadian Pacific, the
manager of the Cumberland County Railway, a
small tributary to the Intercolonial ih Nova Sco-
tia, some fourteen miles long, called on him in
Montreal and requested a pass to Winnipeg and
return.

  “ Why,” said Sir William, in reply, “ I have not
the slightest excuse for issuing a pass to you.
Your line is foreign to us, and your total mileage
does not cover as much as our local switching-
yard, which you can see from my office-window.”
“Well,” said the Cumberland man, “I confess
that my road is not quite so long as yours, but it
is just as broad.”

  He got the pass.

.Jt

A WIZARD OF MUSCLE.

“OO you’re the contortionist, eh?” asked the
manager of the side - show. “ Well, I
don’t know. I never heard of you. What can
you do?”

  “What can I do?” proudly replied the ap-
plicant, drawing from his pocket a bunch of
documents. “ Here are Signed testimonials from
ten sleeping-car conductors, certifying that I can
undress myself in the ordinary berth.”

•J*

NOT NECESSARY.

MAN in Pullman: “ Say, porter, bring me
a towel, please, and wet one end. My
wife has a cinder in her eye.”

  Porter: “ Look here, boss, this road am an oil-
burner.”
MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

BY CHAUNCEY THOMAS.

              What Bad Men Would Resort To In
              Order To Gain Either Loot or Liberty.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

MASON, the Grizzly, and his partner, “ Hungry Joe,” prospectors in the Western wilds, enter-
tain at their camp-fire a stranger who tells them of wonderful gold mines fifty miles up the
mountains, to reach which, however, seems almost impossible owing to hostile Indians. Mason de-
cides to make the journey alone. After riding all night, he comes suddenly on an Indian encamp-
ment and is compelled to alter his course. He encounters three Indians, kills them, disguises him-
self in their blankets and feathers, but is finally captured by a band of Utes, who proceed to put him
to death in boiling water. Mason manages to escape during the excitement caused by his hurling the
son of the chief into the boiling water, but is eventually capturcd by another band and brought back
to be burned alive. He is rescued by Red Shirt, the chief of the second band, who claims him as his
prisoner. He kills Red Shirt and escapes, but is arrested and accused of belonging to a band that
had robbed the stage-coach. He proves his innocence, and later sets himself up in business in St.
Charles, at which he makes a great success. A cloudburst devastates the place, ruining Mason, and
he decides again to hunt for the lost mines. Arriving in Mexico, he lodges with an old Aztec and
his daughter, who falls in lo.’e with the wonderful Americano.

CHAPTER X.

We Meet Salarado.

fALARADO was a buffalo. Within
the shadow of the Rockies a buf-
. falo may mean a great bulky,
| two - thousand - pound an i m a 1
which, in the early days, used to
lumber across the plains with the
speed of a Kentucky thorough-
bred, or it may refer to a man in whose
veins is the blood of many races.

  Salarado was a man; yet almost an ani-
mal. Of his past, he was in as blissful
ignorance as was he of his future. The
present alone interested him. Twenty-four
hours was the measure of the present for
Salarado.

  Salarado was a sheep-herder by profes-
sion and necessity for three or four months
of the year. The rest of the time lie was a
gentleman of leisure whose days and weeks
rolled away in dreamy indolence, marred
only at rare intervals by the protest of an
empty stomach.

Began In the December, 1910. Railroad

     Salarado seldom had any trouble to get
   some ignorant, confiding Mexican woman
   to shelter and support him in return for the
   blows and curses he never failed to rain
   upon her whenever the humor seized him.
   But the worm will turn. Then Salarado
   would herd sheep for a few weeks. With
   the silver dollars thus earned he would pur-
   chase a flaming calico “ mother hubbard,”
   and perhaps a silver bracelet if the new
   senorita, or seiiora, as the case might be,
   happened to be particularly young and good
   looking, and, together with his hypnotic in-
   fluence, he would thus obtain a new means
   of support for a month or two.

     From an animal standpoint, Salarado was
   magnificent. Tall, straight, quick, lithe
   yet powerful in form, with a face of rare,
   deadly charm, Salarado was splendid.

     There were many things Salarado did not
   know; fear was one of them. Cunning he
   was, and bold unto rashness. Treacherous
   and dangerous as the black panther was
   Salarado, the buffalo.

    At one time in Wyoming Salarado had
  herded sheep for six weeks—an almost un-

Man’s Magazine. Single copies. 10 cents.

171
172

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

precedented thing for him. Two weeks was
his usual limit. The weather had been fine,
the work easy almost to nothingness, and the
pay good. Salarado was almost content.

  But there came riding over the prairies
three men. , These men were train-robbers.
In Saladaro they recognized one of their
own kind; but in him they did not see their
death. At their invitation Salarado joined
them. The sheep he left to the wolves.
Three days later the Union Pacific train
was held up—but the safe was empty; the
mail-bags yielded barely a thousand dollars.

  A week later the posse came upon three
corpses rotting in a deserted camp. The
booty was gone—so was Salarado. He had
calmly murdered his fellow criminals in
their sleep and went over Berthoud Pass
into Middle Park, then on again to New
Mexico—easy in the thought that none were
left to betray him. Besides, the stolen money
would not now have to be divided. Two
hundred and fifty dollars is small pay for
the trouble of holding up a train. One
could sleep and smoke much in the time re-
quired.

  This was Salarado’s first awakening. He
became the terror of engineer, brakeman,
conductor, and express messenger through-
out a dozen Western States. The govern-
ment took a hand. Five thousand was of-
fered for his capture, dead or alive.

  Salarado laughed.

CHAPTER XI.

Texas Charlie—Bad Man.

A LTHOUGH Salarado, the greatest bad
man the West has ever known, had
departed from Middle Park, he left behind
him another, one too small for even his con-
tempt, yet bad enough in himself—Texas
Charlie. When Mason ran this coyote spec-
imen out of Denver some years before, Texas
Charlie had crossed the range to Hot Sul-
phur Springs. Here he bullied and
bragged, until the news of his Denver exit
soaked into the Park after him, when he
left Hot Sulphur on a stolen bronco just
four feet ahead of a rope.

  He remained away—some said, perhaps
truthfully, in the Missouri penitentiary—
for fifteen years. Meanwhile Denver had
become a city, and a city is no place for a
bad man. Policemen, patrol wagons, and
the chain-gang take the romance out of the
bad man’s existence. They reduce him to

the level of an ordinary criminal. So Texas
Charlie had come bade to Hot Sulphur.

  There was trouble, at Hot Sulphur.
Texas Charlie was offended. Court wras
being held. The whole proceedings dis-
pleased the bad man. The judge he did
not like-; the jury were disagreeable to him;
the lawyers on both sides annoyed him.
Other minor attaches of the court were un-
known to him, but Texas Charlie included
them in his displeasure for full measure.

  The whole thing put him out of temper.
He felt it in his bones that the judicial
proceedings were aimed, more or less di-
rectly, at him. To simplify matters, Texas
Charlie decided to kill the whole outfit. His
intentions, when confided to Hot Sulphur,
although not entirely unexpected, did not
meet with enthusiastic approval.

  Texas Charlie was lounging in a chair tilt-
ed back on two legs against the front of the
Elk Horn saloon. Diagonally across the
street was the Palace of Liquid Delight,
inside of which were many men. The Palace
door was closed. This door was famous
through the country for having the only
white door-knob in Middle Park. Texas
Charlie, in calm contempt of such vanity,
and, incidentally, to test his nerve that
morning, carelessly 'Slipped one of his ivory-
handled 45’s out of its holster and delib-
erately began to use that White door-knob
for a bull’s-eye.

  He fired three shots. Ten years later
those bullet-holes through the Palace door
were one of the sights the tenderfoot tourists
eagerly sought in Hot Sulphur Springs. A
lady’s hand could easily cover all three
bullet-holes, as none of them missed the
door-handle by over an inch. The distance
was perhaps forty yards.

  When the first bullet ripped a long splin-
ter off the inside of the Palace door, the
dozen or more men lounging in the place
of fluid joy knew that trouble was afoot.
Under the tables, out the side windows and
the back door they bolted. The other two
bullets sang through an empty room.

  Such incidents were annoying to the own-
ers of the Palace, and, incidentally, to the
entire population of Hot Sulphur. The
bullets missed killing or maiming some one
by a rare chance. Texas Charlie did not
know and did not care. All winter he had
terrorized Hot Sulphur.

  One man, early in the winter, had dared
to oppose him and had been shot in the
back. For a month thereafter the bad man
MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

173

left Hot Sulphur in peace. Through (lie
winter the wounded man suffered; in the
spring his tired life flickered out. The
killer was free; even from arrest. Hence
the court proceedings and the ruffled feel-
ings of the bad man.

  The sheriff had sworn, time and again,
when Texas Charlie was not near, that
“ he’d be hanged ” if such things could go
on. When the official threats reached the
ears of the bad man he yawned. The next
time the sheriff and the knight-of-the-hair-
trigger met, Texas Charlie asked the officer
to -take a drink, for which the officer
promptly paid.

  Texas Charlie slowly blew the smoke out
of the blue barrel of his metallic pet.

  “Kid, toss that tin can there up in the
air,” he snarled to a small boy who had
wandered near, but who, seeing the bad
man, was attempting to slip, unnoticed, out
of sight.

  In Hot Sulphur, no one argued with
Texas Charlie.

  Up in the air went the can. Three times
the revolver spoke; three times the tin rang;
three bullet-lioles were through the can
when it struck the ground. Texas Charlie
was satisfied. The boy disappeared. Texas
Charlie reloaded his six-shooter, then count-
ed the cartridges in his belt.

  “ There’s his honor, that’ll take one.
Then these twelve good men and true, that
will use up just an even dozen more. What
a waste of lead! Then those mouthy gents
with the books and their long wind, they'll
require four or five more. The rest of the
crowd I’ll just knock on the head. As for
me lord, the sheriff, a boot-toe will attend
to him. I’ll be bad medicine for that outfit
over there. Well, it's time the show began.
Here goes.”

  With this soliloquy, Texas Charlie, cow-
ard at heart like all his kind, ceased dang-
ling his boot-heels together, rolled and lit
a cigarette, inhaled his lungs full of smoke,
snorted it out of his nostrils, left his seat,
and strolled insolently across the open
square toward the hotel where court had
just opened.

  “ How still this layout is,” he grunted
to himself. “ Guess the prairie-dogs are all
in their little holes. Too bad.”

  Texas Charlie laughed.

  Hot Sulphur was still. The black,
weazel-like eyes of the killer, roving every-
where, saw not a human form. He puffed
his cigarette and looked languidly about

him. A sinister smile played on his face.
He moved—but—suddenly:

  Crack! Bang! Bang! Crack! Whi-z-z!
Boom! Z-i-p-p! Bang! R-r-r-i-i-p-p!
Z-z-z-i-i-n-n-g-g!

  The air was full of lead.

  Silence reigned once more in Hot Sul-
phur.

  From behind a near-by wood-pile feath-
ery wreaths of white smoke were rising.
Out of the hay-loft window of the log livery-
barn a faint mist was rolling. A vapory
veil floated along the ground near the river -
bank. On all sides was powder-smoke—
and silence, except for a distant echo rolling
among the mountains. Texas Charlie lay
dying in the dust.

  Buckshot from the front, rifle bullets
from the rear, leaden slugs from both sides,
six-shooter bullets from everywhere! The
bad man was riddled. Hot Sulphur had
turned executioner.

  Court adjourned immediately. In ten
minutes a coroner’s jury, somewhat im-
promptu, was gravely discussing the ques-
tion of: “Who killed Texas Charlie?”
The jury were all armed—some with rifles,
some with shotguns, all with revolvers.
Five minutes later the following verdict was
rendered:

  “Texas Charlie, bad man, met his death
at the hands of parties unknown. He need-
ed it.”

  They planted the "bad man in the bone-
yard 011 the hill. His was the first grave.
The body of his victim sleeps beneath the
blue grass of Kentucky.

  A week after the killing, Mason dis-
mounted painfully in front of old Chip-
munk’s cabin. The snow had gone, and
the flowers had come. Limping into the
cabin, Mason sat before the stove, quietly
drawing at his pipe and looking through
the open door in silence at the shadows
racing in irregular blankets at Berthoud
Pass. The man was older.

  Filling his second pipe. Mason asked:

  “ Chipmunk, who killed Texas Charlie? ”

  Old Chipmunk wiped his hands on the
dish-towel, jerked his thumb over this shoul-
der at a long military rifle hanging on elk-
horn pegs above the door, and mumbled
through his nail-like white beard:

  “Who killed Texas Charlie? Hard to
say. Don’t know. Guess the whole town
did. I was on the jury. Saw a fifty-caliber
bullet - hole ” — Chipmunk drawled the
words — “ through his brain-pan. Don't
174

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

know who killed him. Died for want of
breath, I guess. High altitude here, pard-
ner. Ain't healthy to ask too many ques-
tions ’bout what ain’t nobody’s business.”
Old Chipmunk’s voice became a toothless
mumble.

  Mason glanced at the long rifle above the
door. It was fifty-caliber. Without saying
anything more, he hobbled from the cabin,
climbed on his horse, took another long look
at Bertlioud, and cantered slowly down the
timber-road along the Fraser toward the
ranch, thirty miles away, which lie now
called home.

  A recent snow-shoe trip with a mail-bag
over Bertlioud Pass, where heJiad encoun-
tered Salarado and all but lost his life, had
strung Mason to the breaking-point, men-
tally and bodily. The people of Middle
Park saw excuse enough in his frozen boot
for quitting as mail-carrier, but his mo-
roseness they neither understood nor liked.
But the ranch where he was slowly winning
back the splendid poise that had always
characterized him was owned by a peculiar
family — Mississippians by the name of
Lawson.

  This family was as self-hiding as Mason
had become; and they, too, were neither un-
derstood nor liked in Middle Park. No
one could openly say a word against them,
for no one knew anything about them: their
main fault seemed to be in attending strictly
to their own business and insisting—none
too courteously—that their far-away neigh-
bors do the same.

  Yet there were many whispers. It was
hinted that the Lawsons were wanted in
their own Stafe for moonshining. Old man
Lawson had found Mason, homeless and
helpless, at Chipmunk’s a week after Ma-
son’s meeting with Salarado on the range,
and he had taken the disabled mail-carrier
to the southern hospitality of the Lawson
ranch. Both men were educated—thanks
to Mason’s bookstore—both minded their
own affairs; one was injured and without
home or friends, the other had been.

  Therefore, Mason had gone to live with
the Lawsons. Their indoor warmth and
welcome he shared as one of the family;
also, the outdoor coldness and dislike. This
put him in bad odor. Why? None could
tell. Besides, all unarmed, Mason had once
been seen to walk up to Texas Charlie and
talk long and friendly with that bully, and
Tex^s Charlie had treated Mason with pro-
found respect.

  Mountaineers are clannish — be it in
Scotland, the Alps, or the Rockies. So
Mason, the Lawsons, and Texas Charlie,
each widely different and in no way con-
nected, were under the whispered social
ban. Texas Charlie had died with his boots
011, and side-eyes were cast at the Lawsons
and Mason.

  As neither Mason nor the Lawsons gave
out the reason for this sudden and unfath-
omable friendship, it was said that strange
comradeship is only rooted in suspicious
ground.

  Something was being hatched at the Law-
son ranch. Cattle-stealing, no doubt.

CHAPTER XII.

Hot Sulphur's Only Lynching.

T T was late in the afternoon. Hot Sul-
phur was wet. The air was dripping
with a light mist—half rain, half snow. In
the post-office, which also was the general
store, old Chipmunk, the trapper; Uncle
Billy, a white - haired retired cattleman,
“ the bell-sheep of the town,” and Snorts,
the bronco-buster, sat smoking and steam-
ing around the stove. The group were
strangely silent.

  A rattle of horses splashed up to the door,
halted a moment, then slowly jingled away
to Glenn’s livery-barn. It was the mail-
coach;—just arrived.

  Usually this was an event; but to-day
only serious nods fronj old Chipmunk and
Uncle Billy and a half grunt from the
bronco-buster greeted Champagne Charlie,
the dark-haired stage-driver, as he dropped
the dry mail-sack on the counter and peeled
his sligker.

  “ At it again,” he announced angrily.
“Peterson lost two more last night. John-
son stopped me just over the divide to send
word that he had found the hide of that
blue-and-white four-year-old of his, brand
and all, hardly, burned a bit, in a fire up by
the Little Meadows, above Mark’s, where
the rain had put the fire out. This cattle-
stealing has got to stop.”

  “ Know that Beeman lost twelve year-
lings? News just come in this morning?”
asked Snorts.

  “ That makes, then,” returned the driver,
“sixty-one head of stock that has turned
up missin' this fall. We can't stand this—”

  “Rope!” thundered Uncle Billy.

“That’s right,” seconded a bass voice as
i

MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

175

the door opened. Bob Adams came in
soaked to the skin, his spurs musically
wheeling over the floor at every step. A
ranch-man of thirty-five, of little educa-
tion, but popular for his genial, open na-
ture, yet a man of hard common sense and
quick, decisive action—a man through and
through—was Bob Adams. Even he was
wrought up at the common enemy of the
settlement.

  “Rope it has got to be,-' he repeated.
“Just who to hang, though — that’s the
question. I ain’t a sayin’ nothin’, but I
found a calf of mine in the Lawsons’ corral,
and—”

  “Say,” interrupted Uncle Billy, “ they
have been hauling out a sight of hay to
Denver lately, haven't they? Wonder if
the bottom layer or two of those bales is
meat ? ” %

  A startled silence smothered all comment.
This was serious. Cattle-stealing that had
been going on here and there all summer
had become ripe in Middle Park within the
past month, the first time since old Jack
Summer, the scout, had squatted at Hot Sul-
phur Springs in 1859.

  It meant hanging—but who? The Law-
sons? That keen-eyed, strajght-lipped fam-
ily of newcomers—a father and two sons,
Mike and Pete — were now all under the
leadership of Mason. They had located
two sections of hay meadow up on Willow
Creek the year before. So far as making
attempts to gain friends, these Mississip-
pi ans still let it be thoroughly understood
that no one but Mason was welcome at the
Lawson ranch.

  Keno Mitchel of the Lazy Three-Nine
outfit, after an all-day lead through fallen
timber from Lost Lake, had arrived, dead
tired, at the Lawson place just at supper-
time, and had not been asked to unsaddle
and stop overnight.

  In a week all Middle Park had heard of
it, and resented. All summer long the
Lawsons, with Mason’s help, had grubbed,
irrigated, and stacked from dawn to star-
light, and now load after load of baled hay
went up the Fraser, over the Berthoud, and
down to Denver from their lone ranch.

  In those loads what might be hidden?
And Adams’s calf? There had been hot,
hard words over that.

  “ Yes,” Adams broke the pouring still-
ness, “it looks that away. I ain't accusin’
any one, mind you, but who took my calf?
Old man Lawson said he found it bawlin’

out in the sage-brush, so he run it in to save
it from the coyotes.”

  “That might do once on a time; but it’s
a dangerous tale to tell times like these,”
said Uncle Billy.

  “And,” continued Adams, “last week
some one stole all the cartridges and my
slicker out of the hay-shed. Didn’t leave
nary a one. That man M3son packs a forty-
five seventy-five now’days, same as mine.
Says he’s lookin' for rustlers, too; but, to
my mind, he might find 'em quicker if he
stayed to home. Say, Briggs ”—to the store-
keeper mail-clerk—“ when you git that mail
cut out, just put up three boxes of forty-
five seventy-five for me before I forget it.
Got any mail ? ”

  “ Here’s a letter for you that has been
here a week. Four boxes, did you say?
Four dollars.”

  Bob Adams stared at the letter an in-
stant, rather sheepishly tucked it into his
shirt - pocket, mechanically picked up his
ammunition, and with a hurried “Good-by,
gentlemen; if anything happens, send me
word, and I’ll be there to help pull the
rope,” went out into the rain.

  He had forgotten to buy another slicker,
but that was not noticed at the time.

  At that word “ rope ” the silence came
again. In it, fainter and fainter, came
clearly the pounding of Adams’s rifle on his
saddle as he loped away.

  “Funny,” muttered Chipmunk, but no
one answered.

  This happened on Friday.

  Sunday morning, about nine, Hot Sul-
phur saw a powerful roan horse galloping
down the trail from Potato Hill. From the
empty saddle the stirrups hung flopping as
the exhausted animal staggered along.
Snorts clattered away with his rope and
brought in the swaying roan. Snorts swung
out of the saddle, pale but cool.

  “Murder here, I guess. Cattle-stealing
ain’t enough, seems like. Where’s Bob
Adams? That’s his horse. He’s got a
bullet through his paunch. There’s blood-
stains on the blanket where the rain didn’t
git. He ain’t been unsaddled since he left
here three davs ago; that’s plain. Where’s
Bob?”

  Hot Sulphur got together. In twenty
minutes three men, openly armed, were
cantering toward the Adams place up Will-
iams Fork. Boys, girls, and women—all
on horses—scattered from Hot Sulphur to
distant ranches. Seventeen men. with sev-
176

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

enteen rifles, rode swiftly and silently for
Willow Creek and the Lawson ranch.

  In Byer’s pasture, near the sawmill,
stands an old pine. It has seen many an
Indian fight—many a man die. Under it
that afternoon stood four men — grim, si-
lent, bound hand and foot.

  These four men were the three Lawsons
and their friend Mason. The father, his
snowy head and beard in striking contrast
to his swarthy sons, stood trembling—not
from fear, but with the feebleness of age.

  “ For an honorable life to end like this
—and these splendid boys—” he was heard
to murmur as if in prayer.

  Pete, twenty-one, and Mike, a mere boy—
but both almost six feet—towered like posts.
Not a word had they uttered since a cau-
tioning look from Mason. He, too, was
silent.

  A glance showed that Mason, by his very
nature, was a leader. A cOol, sharp-cut
face, whitened now to a gray iron, revealed
a knowledge of men. The head of a stu-
dent on the body of a panther — such was
Mason.

  In the hay-fields of the Lawson ranch he
had recovered his former strength and alert-
ness—and more.

  Behind the prisoners was a wagon; its
horse had been led aside. In the box stood
Uncle Billy, venerable as the frosted head
beneath him. On the tongue sat Chip-
munk. Around the group stood all Hot
Sulphur and most of Middle Park. Little
was said. The details of a lynching are
simple. Uncle Billy spoke:

  “W'e are gathered together here to do
justice to all. If these men are innocent,
and I hope they are, they shall not suffer
from prejudice at our hands. If they are
guilty, they must die. We all know that
some one lias been stealing cattle. Here,
where circumstances of nature prevent each
man from guarding his own, we all must
see that no harm comes to’ any.

  “ Every horn and hoof on the ranges of
Middle Park must be safe at all times. It
is our living—our lives. Without our cattle,
unless this is so, we cannot live here. This
is known to all. Now, we also know that
last Friday Bob Adams came here, told of
having had trouble with these men, and of
having some cartridges stolen from his hay-
shed. The trouble was over one of his head
of stock that he found in the Lawson corral.

  “The afternoon of that same day Jim
Whetson met this man, Mason, on Williams

Fork, between here and Bob Adams’s ranch,
and Mason made threats about shooting the
next man who rode into the Lawson ranch
when only old man Lawson was home and
took an animal out of their corral against his
wishes. How about that, Mr. Whetson?”
“ That is so,” came the grave response.

  “ We can’t blame the Lawsons or Mason
for this,” continued Uncle Billy. “Any of
us would say the same thing maybe when
mad; but, in the light of what follows, this
threat is a serious matter. Yesterday Bob
Adams’s 'horse come^ back here shot
through the flank and with blood on the
saddle. Chug Milton, Hardtack, and the
Dane followed the trail as well as they could
on account of the rain Friday night.

  “There was not much to be seen, except
just above the mouth of the canon where
Williams Fork comes into the Grand. Then
they found these—” and the speaker held up
to view three empty cartridge shells.

  A murmur of surprise, then horror, that
deepened into a sullen growl, swept from
the center of the crowd outward.

  “ These shells,” continued Uncle Billy,
“ fit a forty-five seventy-five rifle. Mason
was seen by Whetson near there with his
rifle—one that shoots this size cartridge. Is
that so, Whetson ? ”

   “ It is.”

  “We find the cartridges bought by Bob
Adams, though of the same size, untouched,
the boxes unopened—and we found these in
the Lawson barn—”

  The growl broke out again, and became
a roar. The prisoners showed no sign of
hearing that threatening surge. At a mo-
tion of Uncle Billy, the sound ceased.

  “It is only just to repeat—that Mason
claims he found the unopened boxes in the
timber on the divide—”

  “ Aw-aw-aw-aw-awh! ” went a verbal
wave.

  “ Three of us, I for one, remember
Adams’s remark of not having a single
cartridge left. Clearly, then, the bullets that
left these empty shells did not come from
Bob Adams’s rifle—but it remains for us to
see where they went to—to see if those bul-
lets went into his body. So far, we have not
found it. The prisoners will say nothing—”
“ Get a branding-iron and make ’em! ”
some one yelled.

  “ The gentleman forgets that this is not
a mob, but a court,” rebuked Uncle Billy.

  “ Still, where is Bob Adams? If any one
knows, or has any information on this
MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

177

 point, however slight, let him stand forth
 at once.”

    The speaker halted, but no one responded.
 “ Bob Adams has disappeared. His hired
 man, Tim, says neither Adams nor the horse
 has been at the ranch since they left there
 Friday noon in the rain for Hot Sulphur.
 The horse is here with a hole in his side—
 blood on the saddle—cartridges gone, but
 found in Lawson’s.stable. Bob Adams is—
 where? Probably these men can answer.”
 The speaker pointed down from the
 wagon-box to Mason and the Lawsons.

   “ Hang ’em! String'm up! Lynch the
 thieves! Stop talking and get the ropes! ”
 yelled the crowd as it closed in on the pin-
 ioned men.

    “ Hold on, gentlemen,” half commanded,
 half entreated Uncle Billy. “ Let us not act
 hastily. Let us decide coolly, calmly, and
 with equal justice to all. We do not want
 to forget ourselves, and in our anger commit
 murder on possibly innocent men just be-
 cause a hideous, cowardly deed has been
 done in those hills yonder. Whether or not
 these men have been stealing our cattle, we
 do not know yet. It is only fair to them to
 say that we found no hides on their ranch,
 though we did find three beeves, skinned
 and dressed; but no hides—they said they
 had sold the hides to a camp outfit that
 came by’ there for robes—”

   A low rumble broke from the crowd.
Uncle Billy had touched these cattlemen on
•*’5 long sore spot, but they held their peace
and waited to hear the end:

    “ Has any one anything to say in defense
 of these men ? If so, let him have the cour-
 age to speak now when it may do some good,
 and not after they are dead. Is there any
 one who has anything to say? ”

    Uncle Billy stopped. For a minute tense
 silence reigned. The hoary head of the
 cider Lawson raised and the eyes flittered
 from face to face, hope dying in them. No
 one spoke.

   “My boys—my boys,” he whispered, and
 the head sunk down to the quivering breast.
 Mike and Pete Lawson stolidly faced their
 accusers. Mason’s keen, strong face was
 bitterly disdainful, his lithe form without
 moving grew haughty; he looked over the
 herd of men as if they were sheep. Then
 the steady eyes rested on the broken old
 father tied beside him, and grew strangely
 soft.	*

   “Brutes!” said a sweet-faced woman in
a farm-wagon on the outer edge of the gath-
12 RR

ering. “It is time we were going.” She
spoke to her daughter, but the dreamy girl
did not answer. She was gazing at Mason.

  “ Have the prisoners anything to say for
themselves?” asked Uncle Billy.

  The crowd began to yell. Uncle Billy
raise his hand.

  “ Give them a chance, men. It is their
right. Every man has a right to speak in
his own defense. We are Americans. Fair
play, gentlemen.”

  Pete and Mike Lawson looked to the
stricken white head, then to Mason.

  Mason shook his head, so Pete and Mike*
kept closed lips. The crowd noticed this,
and it boded the prisoners no good. The
old man apparently did not hear. Mason
looked at Uncle Billy, and said quietly:
“Not yet.”

  Then Uncle Billy faced the crowd, raised
his hand for silence, waited a moment, re-
moved his hat, and said solemnly:

  “Men, by your vote it will now be de-
cided. Are these men guilty?”

  “Yes—guilty—yes—yes!” came from
here and there. Then, catching at one
word, came a confused but all-voiced:
“Guilty!”

  “ Silence, now! ” commanded Uncle
Billy. “Is there any one here who votes
the other way?”

  Not a voice responded. Perhaps it
would have been dangerous, for that crowd (
was ugly. And when a number of men are
about to hang four of their fellows, it is not'
impossible to add a fifth—or even a sixth.
“ Guilty, then. Are these men to die? ”
The word was too ghastly. It came too
near home for each man to say it, but in the
silence every right arm in the crowd pointed
to heaven.

  “ Men! ” Uncle Billy’s voice shook.
Controlling it, he said slowly—and no one
in that band of mountaineers gathered to do
frontier justice ever forgot that tone or those
words:

  “Men, you are to die for cattle-stealing
and for the murder of Robert Adams. You
may make your peace with God, and
then—”

  Uncle Billy stopped. Curley and Snorts
began to prepare their cow-ropes. Chip-
munk pulled a coil of half-inch hemp from
under the wagon-seat. In the wagon was
an old door, on which a limp body could be
carried with less trouble than with the bare
hands. Then Mason’s voice rang out de-
fiantly:
178

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ Loosen these cords and give me a chance
to talk like a man, not like a bound dog!
Don’t be afraid. I can’t get away. I won’t
hurt any of you. You have your rifles—
and mine! ”

  Uncle Billy looked with surprise. He
jumped stiffly from the wagon, drew his
pocket-knife, and cut the bonds. Chip-
munk dropped the coil of rope back into the
wagon and pulled out his shotgun.

  “Let him talk if he wants to—won’t do
him any good—but I’ll see he don’t get
away,” muttered the surly old trapper as he
stood guard over the now free prisoner.

  Mason vaulted into the wagon. The
crowd was hostile, but icily respectful. That
face, built of straight lines and angles; that
puma form, that subtle something in men,
good or bad—magnetism, personality, call it
what you will—wrung from the crowd the
uneasy conviction that they faced their su-
perior. In a clear, even voice, free from
emotion, Mason said:

  “ Men of Middle Park—What I say to
you is true, as my words themselves will
tell you. I alone am guilty. I did it. Why?
How? I shall never say. But this old man,
a father, like your own; these two boys, his
sons, like your sons and your brothers—they
are innocent. They do not even know of it.
They have told the truth in their few words
of denial; though—most unfortunately—in
the loneliness of their ranch there were none
to prove that they were not on Williams
Fork with me that day. You may kill me—
but do not murder them. They are inno-
cent. Set them free. I alone am guilty. I
killed Bob Adams; no one else even knows
of it. Hang me—but free them.”

  A great sigh came from the crowd. Chip-
munk lowered his shotgun. Uncle Billy
climbed into the wagon, raised his hand,
and asked:

  “ Shall they go free? ”

  “Turn ’em loose,” spoke Chipmunk.

  “ I second it,” added Snorts.

  “Shall they go free and this man die?”
repeated Uncle Billy.

  There was an unconscious lingering on
that word “man.” A murmur like distant
•waves at night voiced the sentence. Mason,
standing by Uncle Billy’s side in the wagon,
heard the sentence with folded arms. Uncle
Billy stooped down and picked up several
rawhide strings. Mason, the self-confessed,
was bound—ankle, knee, and elbow—just
as Chipmunk’s knife cut the cords of the
other prisoners and they stepped forth free.

  The old man’s palsied fingers closed round
the quiet hand of the bending -figure in the
wagon. The patriarch could not speak.
Then brother Pete pressed the other hand,
then turned away. Mike, the youngest,
murmured:

  “ Good-by, Mason. Die game. You’ll
have company before long.”

  The two brothers smiled quietly into each
other’s eyes. They understood and believed
in the Southern feud.

  Mason shook his head, and said quietly:
“No, not that. One man is enough.
Forgive it. L ask it.” The two Lawson
brothers did not respond. Their lips were
set like steel-traps. Then the circle opened,
and through the grimly respectful lane the
old man and the two sons passed. They
hurried along the trail to get as far away as
possible from their horror.

  Snorts shot his rope into the air, and it
writhed over a limb. Many hands on the
spokes wheeled the wagon under it. Uncle
Billy grabbed the loop, put it over Mason’s
head, and drew it close about the neck—

  “ Hallo, there! What’s goin'on? Hold-
in’ ’lection ? ” came a cheery call.

  It was the voice o’f Bob Adams. Ma-
son’s face glorified. Hot Sulphur whirled.
There, beyond doubt, in a travel-mudded
buckboard on the road the other side the
fence, sat Bob Adams, grinning sheepishly.
Beside him was the strange face of a buxom
lass of twenty, in flushing confusion.

  “ Ghosts! ” yelled the urchins, and melted
into the sage-brush like quail. Nigger Tob
softly drew forth a rabbit’s foot, stroked it
frantically, and gasped:

  “ Haunts!”

  Then Hot Sulphur recovered. Some
laughed, and a few shuddered. Chipmunk
swore briefly, but to the point. Snort and
Champagne Charlie looked silly. LTncle
Billy flamed to indignation.

  “ Silence! ” he roared. “ What is the
meaning of this? It is too serious a thing
for a joke. Bob Adams! Explain vour-
self! ”

  “What about?” chuckled the resurrected.
“ Hain’t been doin’ nothin’. Leastwise noth-
in’ worser than gittin’ married. Gentlemen
and ladies ”—he rose to his feet with awk-
ward pride—“let me make you acquainted
with Mrs. Adams. Mrs. Adams, my friends,
the people of Hot Sulphur—the best people
on earth.”

  Adams motioned the crowd with his old
battered sombrero.
MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

179

  “Pleased to see you,'’ jerked back the
damsel. But Hot Sulphur was in doubt
whether or not it was pleased to see Mr and
Mrs. Adams.

  “Hor-r-a-y!” squawked old Chipmunk.
Then erupted cheer on cheer until the sage-
hens 011 the ridge a mile away took to fright-
ened wings. Uncle Billy slashed Mason
loose. The first man to capture Bob
Adams’s right paw was Mason.

  “Ouch!” yelled the groom. “What’s
you doin’? Don’t cripple a feller,” he
howled as he rubbed his stinging hand on
his knee while he beamingly watched his
self-confessed murderer bare his head and
reverently raise the bride's fingers to his lips.

  After the turmoil had settled somewhat,
Adams managed to make himself heard.

  “No; my rifle wasn’t empty. Though
all the cartridges were stolen out of the hay-
shed, I still had some left in the magazine
—half a dozen or so. Uncle Billy got the
wrong idea about that. Ridin’ along in the
rain, I saw a deer and wanted meat. I let
him have three shots. Those were the shells
you found in the thicket near the trail. That
was where I sneaked up to get in good range.
I didn’t open the new boxes because of the
rain—had enough without.

  “ I got the buck hog—dressed him and
tied the meat to the saddle. Then I started
the roan for liome along ahead of me, as I
have often done before, so he’d git home
first and Tim would have the meat all
cooked when I got there. Guess he got scart
at old Moses and bolted into the timber, for
I seen that bear’s signs along the trail coin-
in’ down, but clean forgot about it.

   “ That hole in his flank you will find is
no bullet-hole, but probably where he just
snagged himself. He pulled the deer off in
the timber. That is where the blood on the
saddle-blanket came from. The rain washed
it and the deer-hairs off the saddle. The
rest .you took for roan horsehairs.

  “ You-all know I ain’t much on book-
learnin’; so I stopped at the mouth of the
Branch to rest and make out that letter. I
knovved it was front—this little woman here.
She said she’d have me. As I have been
two years gittin’ her to say so, I wasn't
takin’ no chances of her changin’ her mind,
so I cached my rifle right there, and lit out
on foot up the fork and over the range,
and got to Georgetown, where she was next
morning before sunup. We seen the preach-
er, 1 hired a rig—and here we are.

  “They caught the thieves in Georgetown,

and the stock—fifty-four head of them, any-
way—I passed coinin’ back this way on the
range. Fount and Ganson was a bringin’
’em right along. They’ll be here to-morrow,
likely. The Lawsons and Mason ain't
cattle-stealers nor man-killers—even if they
do have queer ways. They’re good enough
people for me—even if Mason and I did
have words over that calf. I’ll tell you
what I'll do, Mason; we’ll veal him, and
each take half.”

  Then Hot Sulphur went wild. From the
buckboard the team was unhooked. Cham-
pagne Charlie jerked his rope from the limb
and knotted the loop to the tongue. Twenty
hastily mounted men on excited horses fought
to get hold of it. Away they went, in ir-
regular double file, galloping into town. In
the swaying buckboard, the bride was cling-
ing to her husband, and he was ostenta-
tiously holding her in.

  From the wagon Shorts pulled the old
door. It was to have been Mason’s bier.
A score of hands grabbed him. He was
laughingly jammed on the door, the door
was hoisted on eight sturdy shoulders, and,
followed at a safe distance by a swarm of
excited youngsters, to whom Nigger Tob was
expounding on the infallibility of rabbit-
feet, Mason followed the bridal pair in
triumph. But his face was strangely drawn.

  “ What’d he say he done it for? ” rumbled
Chipmunk, and many a tanned forehead
wrinkled.

  Racers went after the Lawsons, now out
of sight but not beyond hearing. In their
ears they pushed their fingers to silence those
distant yells. Then came the messengers on
running horses, then the revelation. But
they refused to return to Hot Sulphur. On
to the lone ranch, on toward home, they
went. They now rode the horses that had
bten thrust on them, while the bearers of the
glad tidings trotted back to Hot Sulphur on
foot.

  They arrived just in time to hear Mason,
standing in Adams’s buckboard, say:

  “No. I thank you, but I cannot stay to
the dance. My place, to-night, is on the
Willow. My best wishes, however, are with
Bol) Adams and that little woman through
life. You ask me why I said I killed him?
It was to save the others. Had I not done
so, all would have died—all alike innocent.
Better one than four. No man could die in
a better cause; better men than I have died
for less. In a right cause, I am ready to die
at any time. I bear no grudge for this
180

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

mistake. You were all in more danger than
I was. I was about to lose my life unjustly,
while you were about to take it unjustly.
Clearly, yours was the greater danger. From
to-day let us all remember this: ‘ Confession
is not conviction.’ ”

  It was dusk when Mason, on one of
Glenn’s best horses, splashed through the
Willow and drew rein before the Lawson
ranch. The elder Lawson, his white hair
flowing back from his high, proud head, met
Mason at the door with both hands held out.
The door closed. We will not look within.

  A month later the Lawsons left Middle
Park forever. Mason started for New Mexico.
There he found Mexie and Salarado.

       CHAPTER XIII.
       Salarado and Mexie.

QQUATTED in the hot sage-brush before
^ a tiny fire, over which a piece of mut-
ton was broiling, was Salarado. Three miles
away, in clear view, lay Old Maco’s sheep-
ranch. Ten miles beyond, farther out on
the desert by the Great Water Hole, was a
Mexican town. It had taken the buffalo a
week to travel from the Spire to almost
within touch of Mexie. Salarado had made
his journey leisurely. No one saw him on
the road. Salarado took good care of that.

  The mutton was well warmed, but not
cooked. Salarado ate it by holding it in his
fingers and tearing it with his teeth. Satis-
fied, he smoked, slept a while, then indo-
lently watched the ranch.

  Presently he became alive. A figure of a
woman he knew passed from the adobe hut
to the corral. She was followed by some-
thing that limped. Evidently Maco and
Mexie were enjoying their honeymoon alone.
.Salarado had watched two days and had
seen no one else.

  The time had come to act. Slipping to
his feet, Salarado glided through the sage-
brush on an easy run for the now empty hut.
In twenty minutes he reached the side away
from the corral. Crawling through the little
square window, he found himself in the
bridal chamber. When he knew where he
stood, there was a gleam in his eyes that was
like a red coal.

  He heard Mexie coming. He knew that
springing footfall. Behind her came a
stump-scrape-stump-scrape that brought to
his lips a dark smile. At the door he heard
Mexie turn and say, angrily:

  “ Get out, you old coyote. Can’t you
leave me alone for an instant? Come in
this house before sundown, and I’ll kick
you out of it! Vamose! ”

  A whine answered her, then a cracked,
complaining grumble grew fainter and faint-
er as the scrape-and-stump sound receded
toward the corral.

  Mexie entered the adobe alone. Salarado
had not moved. For an instant Mexie
halted, paled, and gasped. Then she raised
her lips and held out her arms. Salarado
showed his teeth good-naturedly.

  “ Come here,” he commanded softly.
Mexie, with half-closed eyelids, obeyed.

  This was earlv in the afternoon. At sun-
down Mexie went to the door and called:

  “Maco! Oh, Maco! My husband, come
here! ”

  Her voice had in it a note—gentle and
cooing—that Old Maco had never heard be-
fore. The words to his ears were music.
Not since he had cowed his bride three days
before, with six-shooter in one hand and a
cattle-whip in the other, had he known any-
thing but jeers and revilings when her sullen
consent had at times overboiled.

  Old Maco, with an eager whimper, came
on a stumbling, shuffling run. As he tum-
bled through the door, a great, dark arm
throttled him. With starting eyeballs—he
could not see what held him—he saw Mexie,
his wife, calmly unbuckle the cartridge-belt
from which hung his six-shooter and bowie-
knife, and toss them across the room onto the
straw bed. Then Salarado turned him loose.

  Helpless, yet with frantic rage, the old
cripple attacked Mexie and Salarado with
his withered arms and crippled legs. Both
dodged him, held him off at arm’s length,
laughed at him. For an hour they played
with the old miser, like two cats tormenting
a rat. In this case the cats agreed. They
had no wish to eat him; they only wanted
to kill him.

  Played out, the old cripple sank in dumb,
helpless fury to the floor. Mexie tried to
provoke him to more sport, but he only
glared at her. Then she curled her lips
in disappointed weariness and smiled at
Salarado and said, “ Finish him.”

  Salarado laid aside his cigarette. He took
his time and used no weapons—only one
bronze hand on the wheezing, loose-skinned
throat.

  He buried the twisted body in the gate-
way of the sheep-corral. A few hours of
tramping back and forth over the grave by
MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

181

the bewildered sheep, as Salarado indolently
drove theni in and out of the corral, erased
all traces of the murder.

  Mexie had Salarado; Salarado had the
sheep; both were blissful.

       CHAPTER XIV.
       Murder Will Out.

\ WEEK later, Salarado 'sat chained to
the floor in the center of the only
room of the adobe jail. Mexie was the
chief witness against him. She had be-
trayed him. She had thrown all of Maco’s
blood on Salarado to clear herself. Now
the sheep were hers.

  Salarado dead, meant safety and riches
for Mexie. Salarado acquitted, meant quick
and sure death to the treacherous woman.
As the prosecution depended for conviction
on the evidence of Mexie, and, incidentally,
as the majority of the jury had an eye on
Mexie and her sheep, Salarado’s end seemed
sure and near.	_

  Life was cheaper than horse-flesh in New
Mexico in those days. There was a general
feeling abroad that it would raise the repu-
tation of that section of New Mexico in the
estimation of all law-loving people if Sala-
rado were hung on general principles.

  No man understood the exact situation as
clearly as did the chained captive. He
mused long on one point—kill Mexie. But
how? Freedom first, then revenge — then
come what may. What cared Salarado?

  During the day the caged and chained
desperado was an object of morbid curiosity
to every one. Human nature is the same the
world over. As long as daylight lasted, a
gaping face was framed and barred by the
one little window, a foot square, that con-
nected Salarado’s prison with the outer air.

  The jailer, from Maine many'years be-
fore, had at first turned his prisoner into a
source of profit. Two-bits was the price
he demanded for the privilege of looking
through the little window. The crowd be-
gan to grumble. They were in a hanging
mood that day. The jailer, being no fool
and having lived long in the West, suddenly
found his heart bubbling over with gener-
osity for his fellow man; and, thereafter,
the window was public property, free to all.
This lasted all day.

  Clearly, nothing toward escape could be
done literally under the eye of the public.
Salarado contemptuously turned his back to

 the window ;.nd thought out a plan of escape
 —and revenge. The plan completed, lie
 calmly went to sleep till supper-time.

   Salarado was fed twice a day, morning
 and evening. That night the jailer, armed
 with a six-shooter and bowie-knife, un-
 locked the wooden jail door and carried in
 Salarado's supper. Not being naturally a
 hard-hearted man, the jailer, at the prison-
 er’s request, added one or two little luxuries
 to the evening meal. Bread and butter and
 a bottle of whisky were the dainties asked
 for and given.

    A stifling storm of wind and flying, cut-
 ting sand was raging over the town that
 night. Hence, the little window was closed.
 Every one, including the jailer, was driven
 to shelter by the storm. Salarado was left
 alone and unobserved, although heavily
 chained and safely caged. The jailer, hav-
 y ing no handcuffs nor leg-irons, and being
 also without suitable padlocks, had fastened
 Salarado’s hands together with two feet of
 chain bound to the wrists with thick baling
 wire, twisted tight with blacksmith pincers.

   Human fingers, working unaided, could
 not undo them—but Salarado used his mind.
 His legs were fastened in the same way,
 and the leg chaining in turn was fastened to
 a ring in the middle of the floor.

   There was no sleep for Salarado that
 night. Had he not slept all afternoon?
 Had not Salarado all day to-morrow to doze
 away? Salarado had work to do.

    A silk handkerchief, the gift of Mexie and
 formerly the property of their murdered vic-
 tim, was knotted around the prisoner’s neck.
 Salarado was something of a dandy. Un-
 raveling the handkerchief, Salarado obtained
 a number of silk threads. A candle, also
 the gift of the jailer, gave him light. Sala-
 rado was always ready to extinguish it by a
 quick puff if he should hear the little win-
 dow or the door being opened.

   He would claim that the violent wind
 coming in through the window had blown
 out the flame. Meanwhile; under the mo-
 mentary cover of darkness, he would hastily
 conceal his means of escape if surprised.

   The jailer, knowing of no way that a
 shackled man with no tools nor other aid
 could either break out or cut a good, wrought-
 iron log-chain with links a quarter of an
 inch thick, nor untwist heavy wire that had
 been wound close with pincers, snored the
 hours away and left Salarado to himself.
 The jailer was dealing with the concentrated
 cussedness and cunning of thirteen races,
182

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

and knew it not. Otherwise he and several
deputies, armed with sawed-off shotguns,
would have honored Salarado with their
never-ceasing presence until hung.

  Salarado poured half of the whisky down
his throat. Then, striking the neck of the
bottle against his chains, he broke it off.
Putting this glass into a tin-cup used as a
mortar, and with a link of his chain as a
pestle, in a few moments he had a small
amount of powdered glass. With it he
mixed a little butter, and slightly thinned
the mixture with whisky. This mess he
smeared over a silk thread.

  Here was Salarado’s saw.

  Fastening one end of the thread to a pro-
truding nail-head in the floor, and holding
the other end between his white teeth, Sala-
rado lightly but rapidly rubbed one of the
many bands of wire on his left wrist up and
down the taut string. The powdered glass
on the thread, aided by the butter, cut into
the soft wire like a file. Soon the thread
broke. Another was quickly prepared, and
the sawing went on. Before morning the
iron links at his wrists and ankles, a strand
of wire on each, had been all but cut in two.
Only a shred of metal held them together.

  Salarado then took bread, blackened it
with the charcoal from burned matches,
mixed with it a little candle-grease, and with
this mixture concealed the bright cuts in the
wire. The broken threads were burned in
the candle-flame. The powdered glass was
poured through a crack in the floor.

  Salarado was almost free. A single wrench
of those tigerlike muscles would free him
from fetters. To get out of jail was another
matter—and an easier one.

  Having completed his task, Salarado
pulled his serape over him and was soon
sound asleep. Thus the jailer found him in
the morning.

CHAPTER XV.
Star Eyes.

'T'HERE was the face of one that did not
-*■ peer through the prison window. The
face shone with a light different than that
of the rest. Curiosity was unknown to this
one. The face was fair. The skin was
clear and pearly, tinted with delicate rose,
shaded with an almost imperceptible gray-
ish-blue and green. The hair was as yellow
and glistening as the sands of the desert at
burning noon.

  The eyes — they were stars. They were
like the sky; sometimes a delicate yet daz-
zling turquoise, then as black as the mid-
night heavens. Black or blue, they were
always like the depthless distance of the
star space; clear, awe-inspiring, speaking
with silence of sincerity, serenity, and spirit
beyond rather than behind them. The eyes
told of the purity, the unselfishness, the
fearlessness of an angel. But, withal, the
girl lacked reason.

  The grossness of the world found her
nature pure as light and too ethereal to cling
to. Meeting with no resistance, passed
through, and the unfelt wound closed, un-
sullied, like an opening in the air. This
girl the ignorant worshiped as a visible
spirit; the intelligent, as one not of this
earth. Her father reverenced her as an
angel.

  “Star Eyes” he called her; and as “Star
Eyes, the Pure One,” she was loved, or
feared, by all.

  The mother was dead. Her reason and
her life she gave that “ Star Eyes ” might be
born.

  The only child, Star Eyes was protected
not only by her spiritual presence — that
shrouded her like an atmosphere, and which
cast a soothing influence, not without fear,
over all—but she was known as the idol and
the ideal of the richest and most powerful
man in early New Mexico.

  His followers were as numerous as his
acres. He had never been able to count
either. The adoring father had sworn that
he would give his all if his spirit-girl could
have reason.

  Salarado, the buffalo, had never seen Star
Eyes, and she had never seen Salarado.
But Salarado had often heard of her. Be-
cause of a superstitious dread, he had always
slunk away whenever he heard that she was
near. In the register of nature, Salarado
was the bass. Star Eyes was the music of
the spheres. Neither harmonized with the
other, nor with the world.

       CHAPTER XVI.
       The Devil Is Loose.

/~)NCE more dusk was creeping over New
Mexico. All that day the captive had
dozed in his chains. He was equally indif-
ferent to the faces at the window and to the
foregone result of the trial which had been
held that day to decide his fate.
MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

183

  Salarado was a dangerous prisoner. No
man lacks friends. The buffalo was a
natural, although in a different sense an
unnatural, leader among his kind. The
criminal element, by no means a small or
weak majority in New Mexico in those days,
wanted to see Salarado free. The life of an
old Mexican, and a respectable one at that,
was no more to them than that of a sheep.

  Legal methods in New Mexico in the
early days resembled those of Spain rather
than the teachings of Blackstone. Hence
Salarado was tried and secretly condemned,
with Salarado absent. This point the Anglo-
Saxon element had grudgingly conceded to
those of a Spanish way of thinking and
doing. In return, those of Spanish descent
had been compelled to grant the Anglo-
Saxon form of trial by jury. The result of
this legal hybrid was a dozen men gathered
around a table in the largest adobe dwelling
in the settlement.

  Outside, the wind-shot sand cut and
ground into the flesh. Not a living being
was out of shelter that night. Only the
jury were allowed inside the protecting walls
of the adobe. Outside, the sandy sleet drove
the morbid from the door. The jury were
alone within the mud wall. The adobe on
the outside was deserted. The town was
a-sleep, drunk, gambling, or dancing.

  Through the freezing, stinging, choking
storm a bent figure fought its way. It was
the jailer. He was carrying food and drink
to Salarado. The jailer pushed the key into
the padlock that fastened the huge iron
staple on the outside of the prison door.
He paused for breath. Dirt was in his eyes,
nose, and ears. He rubbed it out before
entering.

  The grinding of the key in the sandy
lock was heard by Salarado above the roar
of the storm. The captive had been waiting
an hour for that signal. The jailer was
late. Four terrific twists with those small,
steely hands, and the cut'wircs snapped and
unwound. Salarado was free from chains.
In one hand he held a two-foot log-chain—
a terrible weapon in the hands of a strong
and desperate man.

  The candle burned in the neck of an
empty bottle on the floor in the center of the
room. As noiselessly as his shadow, Sala-
rado moved to within a yard of the still
closed door. There he stood, every muscle
alert, tense, and quivering, close against the
wall. The door, grinding on its sanded
hinges, was cautiously opened an inch. A

whirl of sand and frozen rain smote it,
hurled it open and back against the inner
wall with a crash.

  The light went out. The-instant the wind
speared the flame, the jailer saw a shape
with the head of a fiend standing with up-
raised arm whirling a heavy chain.

  The candle and the jailer’s life went out
together. Salarado had buried the end link
in his jailer’s brain.

  Straining every muscle, Salarado closed
the door against the storm. He relit the
candle and bent over the dead jailer. From
the twitching body he unbuckled the loaded
cartridge-belt. From it hung the six-shooter
and the bowie. He strapped the belt around
his own waist. He quickly but carefully
examined the two weapons. They were the
best of their kind. Salarado was armed.

  He searched the corpse with a practised
hand. From it he took a watch, gold-dust,
money, and trinkets, and a long-bladed
pocket-knife.

  He drank the water to the last drop and
half the whisky. The rest of his spilled
supper he crowded into his pocket. It might
be needed later.

  Salarado stepped out of jail. He locked
the door behind him. The devil was loose.

  Now for Mexie! Salarado knew where
to find her.

  A man and woman, almost petrified with
terror, saw a smiling fiend noiselessly appear
in the doorway and sweep the floor with his
sombrero as he bowed low before them with
the grace and courtesy of a knight of old
Castile. In one hand was his hat; in the
other a bowie-knife.

  The blade flashed through the lamplight
into the groin of the man. Three days
hence would come sure death—three days of
agony. Salarado had smokingly contem-
plated those three days.

  Laughing, Salarado jumped at Mexie,
catching her in his arms. He was snarling
and holding her with iron gentleness—and
he kissed her sweetly.

  In an hour, Mexie could see no more.

  This was Salarado’s revenge and their
punishment.

CHAPTER XVII.

A Game of Cards.

IVTOW for the desert, life, and liberty.

Into the storm plunged Salarado. Just
then a yell smote his ears. It was followed
184

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

by a chorus of enthusiastic shouts. The
voices came down the wind from the jury-
room.

  Salarado turned like a speared tiger. Es-
cape on the desert was almost impossible
that night. Better meet death fighting. When
a man decides to die he becomes invincible.
Frenzied with desperation, Salarado, lunge
by lunge, turning his back for breath, fought
his way against the blinding, strangling
storm to the windowed door on the sheltered
side of the lone jury-room. Inside the jury-
room was uproarious carelessness and twelve
unarmed men. Outside was atmospheric
chaos and a fearless fiend. Salarado looked
through the window.

  The jury had been unanimous in quickly
agreeing that Salarado was to die. Then a
novel thing was proposed, even for New
Mexico in the early days. The foreman
suggested that they, the jury, play a game
of “freeze-out,” with Salarado’s life or
freedom as the stake. The suggestion met
with boisterous approval.

  The wind carried this approval to Sala-
rado’s ears just as the murderer left the
house of Mexie.

  Through the pane, Salarado saw the jury
.divide by lot into two parties, six on each
side. He watched the foreman give out one
hundred chips to each man. Salarado
counted these chips as they were stacked
up before the players seated around the
table.

  The game began. Salarado stood outside
in the storm, watching, listening, and smi-
ling. First the sides stood six and six.
After the first jack - pot, three players
dropped out, two from the death party and
one from the side that played for the free-
dom of Salarado. A bluff lost another man
for Salarado’s side. Salarado saw that it
was even once more, with the sides standing
four and four.

  Another jack-pot cost the Salarado side
three men, and the death party one; but
Salarado’s player had over two-thirds of all
the chips. The next deal, two more of the
death party left the table. It was man and
man now, with an even number of chips to
each. The chances were again equal. All
depended on the cards, and the skill with
which they were handled by two of the best
poker-players in New Mexico.

  The foreman dealt. Mexie’s brother
played for the freedom of the man whose
liberty meant death to his sister. The father
of Star Eyes played for the death of the

murderer. Eleven breathless men watched
the two players. Ten were inside the jury-
room ; one looked through the window.

  Five men stood behind Mexie’s brother,
and over his shoulder read the faces of the
five bits of paper that stood between Sala-
rado and the noose. Five men did the same
behind the chair of the father of Star Eyes;
but the cards they saw meant death.

  Neither player dared to shirk the respon-
sibilities of the game. Social degradation,
loathing, and utter contempt would have
been the fate of either had he slighted the
imposed or implied duties of his position.
Within a month the slightest details of that
game for human life were known through-
out all New Mexico.

  The game was over.

  “Salarado dies!” exultantly shouted the
father of Star Eyes. The jury thunderously
echoed him.

  Salarado opened the door. He sprang into
the room. The door slammed behind him.

  “ Hands up, senors! ”

  Not a juryman moved.

  Salarado free? Impossible. Yet there he
stood, his back against the door. Held low
in his right hand was a bloody bowie-knife;
in his left, covering the jury, was a cocked
six-shooter.

  Salarado had the drop. The unarmed
jury was helpless. At the quiet orders of
their recent human stake—orders that were
between a purr and a snarl—the jury obedi-
ently stood in line with its faces to the wall.

  Save for Salarado’s voice, in the jury-
room all was silence. To yell for help
meant instant death from the hurled knife
or the hungry revolver. At any rate, the
effort would have been useless. The jury-
room was an isolated island in the deafening
uproar of the storm. With a leader, the
twelve might have closed in on Salarado
bare-handed; but that meant instant death
to the man who made the first move, so there
was no leader.

  Outside, the wind howled and shrieked in
derision. Inside, Salarado smiled in sar-
donic silence. The jurymen dumbly obeyed
his grim, laconic orders.

  In the corners of the room were half a
dozen Mexican saddles. Salarado cut the
long rawhide thongs from them. With these
he approached from behind the line of men
facing the adobe wall and bound each man’s
hands behind him, both at the wrists and
just above the elbows.

  In this operation Salarado was merciless.
MASON, THE GRIZZLY.

185

Then he lashed each juryman’s legs togetiier
at the ankles and just above the knees. He
gagged them with strips of Navajo saddle-
blanket. Then he blindfolded them. No
juryman Bared protest or move. To do so
meant eight inches of cold steel between the
shoulder-blades.

  The father of Star Eyes was the last man
Salarado blindfolded. The buffalo hesi-
tated. He paled slightly from superstitious
fear. Then Salarado took the burly form
of the man in his arms of steel and carried
him to a chair apart from the rest. There
Salarado tied him fast. He gently removed
the blanket bandage from his helpless vic-
tim’s eyes.

  “Salarado dies? Senor will see,” mur-
mured Salarado with a voice as soft as
that of a Spanish girl. Salarado put his
heels together and, with his left hand over
his heart, gracefully swept his sombrero to
the floor. His eyes were snaky and his lips,
though smiling, parted over clenched teeth.

   A log ran overhead the entire length of the
jury-room and parallel with the long table
beneath it.

  From the saddles Salarado took three
horse-hair lariats. These he cut into eleven
short ropes. He deftly knotted a slip-noose
in the end of each. Placing a chair on the
table and mounting it, Salarado tied the
eleven ropes to the beam.

  The father of Star Eyes counted the dan-
gling nooses. A gleam of hope shone in his
eyes. Salarado saw it. He had counted on
it. Playfully he knotted and swung to the
beam a twelfth rope. The faint glimmer
died out of those eager eyes.

  His plan was to place the jury standing
on the table with their necks in the nooses,
and, by suddenly overturning their support,
hang all his former judges at once. A short
time before they had played poker for his
life. Now he was hanging them. The sit-
uation amused Salarado.

   Then a more exquisite idea crept into his
mind.

   Salarado tore the bandages from the jury’s
eyes. He turned them around until all
faced the table. The table he pulled back
until the edge of it was only a few inches
from being directly under the nooses.

  The sight horrified the bound and gagged
jury. These frontiersmen were accustomed
to seeing terrible sights. The nooses and
the silent, smiling Salarado froze their
blood.

(To be oo

  None of them resisted nor asked for mer-
cy. What was the use ?

  Salarado grabbed the foreman by the col-
lar and dragged him to the table, throwing
him upon it. The doomed man straightened
up into a sitting posture on the edge of the
table and coolly held out his tied feet to his
executioner.

  With a nod .of comprehension and a glance
of admiration, Salarado cut the leather
strings that bound the ankles and obliging-
ly pulled off the man’s boots. He cast an-
other glance at his victim, questioningly.
The condemned nodded.

  Salarado severed the strings that bound
the knees. Stiffly and awkwardly rising to
his feet and standing on the table, the fated
man placed himself beneath one of the
nooses. Salarado lightly vaulted upon the
extemporized scaffold and slipped the rope
over the man’s head. Standing thus, liter-
ally on the brink of death, the man winked
with grim, hopeless humor at his murderer.
Delighted, Salarado gave the man an ap-
proving slap on the back that all but
knocked him off the table-edge into eternity.

  Salarado laughed. The man on the table
reeled. He struggled to regain his balance.
He failed. He swung from the edge—and,
plunging, writhing, kicking with his free
feet, he was slowly choking to death.

  The door opened. The sheriff stepped
across the threshold. His eyes were filled
with dust. For an instant the light blinded
him. One hand held the door, the other
shaded his eyes. He was unconscious of
danger.

  Like a panther from a tree, Salarado
leaped from the table upon the officer.
Crushing him to the floor, he drove the
bowie-blade into his breast. The blade
struck the officer's star and the point was
broken off. Salarado saw that it was
ruined.

  Then Salarado lost his nerve. He dropped
the knife, and from his hip whipped his six-
shooter. Whirling, he shot four of the jury-
men, then plunged through the door into the
outer blackness. A burst of flame shot into
his face, almost blinding him. Unhurt, he
instantly answered it with a bullet fired low.
He felt a body reel from him as he struck
against it in his headlong flight.

  Then through the dark, the wind at his
back, Salarado flew across the desert with
the speed of an antelope. On through the
night he went before the storm,
n t i n u e d . )
The Railroad Man’s
Brain Teasers.

‘Cj'RITZ GANNON, Helena, Montana, sends the following for

     our mental nut-crackers:

     (16)	A, B, and C are stations on a railroad. Three-eighths
of the distance from A to B equal four-ninths of the distance
from B to C, and the total distance from A to C is 236 miles,
C being between the two. Trains Nos. 1 and 2 leave A and C
at the same time, traveling in opposite directions. No. 2 travels
from C toward A at the rate of 40 miles per hour. At what speed
per hour will train No. 1 travel to reach B at the same time as
No. 2 ?

From O. L. Bourn, Kingfield, Maine, we received this one:

     (17)	A railroad in need of 100 additional cars set aside
$100,000 for that purpose, instructing the purchasing agent to
pay $5,000 each for parlor-cars, $1,000 each for day-coaches,
and $50 each for some second-hand flats. How many of each
did he buy ?

     E.	G. Riegel, Mendota, Illinois, kindly contributes this
teaser:

     (18)	A railroad has 3 road-engines and a pusher, the total
capacity of which is 2,200 tons. The first engine and pusher
will jiull as much as the other two engin.es. The second engine
and pusher will pull twice as much as the first and third, and
the third engine and pusher will pull three times as much as the
first and second. How much can each pull alone?

    And this one from Judge O. W. Rowland, Paw Paw,
Michigan:

     (19)	A man wishes to travel west 1,000 miles, north 1,000
miles, east 1,000 miles, south 1,000 miles, and then be at his
starting-point. Where must he start from in order to make such
a trip?

     The correct answers to these puzzles will be found in the
March number.
ON THE EDITORIAL CARPET.

        Where We Get Flagged by Our Readers, and
        Find an Exhaust for Our Own High Pressure.

THE bright particular red car of this number
is a new novel, “ Vanishing Railroaders,”
being a collection of railroad stories of the old
days. Although they tell of times that have
passed, their grip is just as strong as the clutch
of a Janney coupler on two loaded gondolas.
Perchance, some of the stories told in this thou-
sand-and-one-nights of railroad romance may not
be new to many an old-timer, but they are the
real thing in railroad yarns, and their atmosphere
is as true as the first glimpse of the pay-car.

  In this number we also present a very interest-
ing article by Robert H. Rogers—his description
of the fastest train in all Europe. In the March
number we are going to publish another of Mr.
Rogers’s observations while abroad. This one
deals with the railroad men of England, and it is a
careful analysis and comparison of their work
with that of the men in this country. This is
only one of the many good things aboard the
March special.

  If you walk through the plush-upholstered
Pullman of that train, you will find a very good
article on the handling of United States mails;
the first of a series on the transportation of the
hundreds of immigrants that yearly come to this
country—one of the great problems of the rail-
way: a bunch of stories by Arno Dosch, giving
some heroic escapades of railroad men, and a
story of a man-hunt that is full of tragic moment.

  W. J. Knight, the man who was actually chosen
to run the famous engine “ General," will tell in
his own way the story of the Andrews Raid. This
article, we hope, will settle for all time the doubt
that is perpetually set in motion regarding this
famous run.

  Aside from these important subjects, Gilson
Willets will have another bunch of stories from
Missouri, and they contain all the excitement and
interest that characterizes those we are printing
in this number.

  J. E. Smith lias sent in one of the funniest of
his “ Observations,” and all the well-known and
popular features which our readers seem to like
so well will be found in their respective places.

  Then there is as fine a fiction way-bill as we
have ever presented. There will be stories of rail-
road heroism, stories of railroad love-affairs, stories
of tragic moments, and stories that are funny.

  Of course, Honk and Horace will be aboard,
and we take great pleasure in telling you, bovs,
that, disregarding the Hepburii Law, we have

given these two amiable gentlemen a pass over
all our lines for some time to come.

  We are starting an unusually long train for
March, but there will be no air friction in the
train-pipe.

THE DEATH OF DU BOUSQUET.

npHE recent death in France of M. Gaston du
Bousquet, chief mechanical engineer of the
Cheviin de Fer du Nord, removed from foreign
railroading its most active and, probably, the
dominant personality in the shaping of its varied
and pressing mechanical problems. For nearly
half a century this wonderfully capable executive
was connected with that railroad, and for twenty
years he bore the heavy responsibilities associated
with the exalted position as absolute head of its
motive-power department.

  It would require many pages to adequately nar-
rate the significant events in M. du Bousquet’s
long and useful career, and the influence which
they exerted in developing the continental loco-
motive in France, although its counterpart spreads
to the high and efficient plane which it now un-
disputably occupies.

  Many are the types of engines of wji.ich this emi-
nent engineer—endowed with such keen and prac-
tical common sense—directed the plans. In the
building of those engines, he painstakingly super-
vised the smallest details. Four main types will
survive him and will insure the endurance of his
name and memory for all time in the compre-
hensive history of railroading.

  These are the four-cylinder compound; the
engine with two sets of independent driving-
wheels; the quick-starting suburban locomotive,
which effectually solved the problem of the heavy
Paris morning and evening business; and, finally,
the engine with the water-tube fire-box, which he
watched with jealous care, but unhappily had not
the felicity and consolation to see finished.

  Of these four types of locomotives, the four-
cylinder compound is the one of which he had
the most right to be proud. Read the careful
description of it given by Robert II. Rogers in
“Europe's Fastest Run,” in this number of The
Raixroad Man’s Magazine. It was from this
locomotive, in the rapid and interesting evolution
undergone by railways in the last twenty years,
188

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

that the principles emanated which are now fol-
lowed in the construction of practically all modern
locomotives.

  The designing of engines and cars, however,
was far from being the entire scope of M. du
Bousquet’s remarkable activity and ability. He
will long be remembered as an organizer without
a peer, and as the originator of the scheme of
carefully educating the rank and file to an exact
and full comprehension of whatever new device
was to be introduced and which they would be
called upon to operate.

  That this plan, which required the personal
supervision of many years, has borne fruit is
shown in the wonderful running skill of the loco-
motive-engineers handling the Du Bousquet—De
Glehn compounds on the French Northern Rail-
way, and by the absolutely unassailable system
which prevails thereon in every detail of motive-
power department procedure.

  M. du Bousquet’s talents and ability as an en-
gineer were regarded by a large number of honor-
ary distinctions. For fourteen years he had been
an officer in the Legion of Honor and he held a
large number of foreign decorations. Above all
things, however, he was the kind master, whose
main quality was human kindness. With grate-
ful remembrance, the staff of every department
of his railroad will recall the bountiful measures
he took so frequently in their favor, even up to
the very last hour of his life.

  The Railroad Man’s Magazine is pleased to
be first in paying this inadequate tribute ttf'the
mechanical skill and executive ability which so
easily places Gaston du Bousquet in the foremost
rank of the railroad hall of fame.

DESPATCHING TRAINS BY TELEPHONE.

THE article, “ Despatching Trains By Tele-
phone,” which appeared in the October
number of The Railroad Man’s Magazine,
brought to our office, as we expected, many letters
of criticism. Some of our correspondents handed
us a goodly measure of praise; others would have
us dragged on the carpet forthwith.

  It is evident that a great many railroad men are
not in sympathy with this new movement. They
regard the introduction of the telephone as a
menace to telegraph-opera tors, notwithstanding
all we tried to explain to the contrary. They also
claim that the telephone simply means cheaper
labor.

  That is a question we cannot discuss. Labor
matters have no place in our magazine. It is
primarily for the entertainment and instruction of
the railroad fraternity, and those of our corre-
spondents who bring up this point in connection
with despatching trains by telephone must seek
elsewhere for an answer.

  Our own position is easily explained. As we
said in the introduction to that article, it is the
province of this magazine, beyond all other con-

                                        /

ditions, to publish as news any invention, improve-
ment, or change in railway practise that seems to
be of interest to railroad men at large.

  We publish such matter as news only. And
such information is sought by all broad-minded
railroad men. If we describe a new labor-saving
device or devote some of our space to some new
and intelligent improvement, it does not mean
that we are advocating a change in labor condi-
tions.

  That is farthest from our editorial intention.
The Railroad Man’s Magazine must keep
abreast of the times.

  Wouldn’t you have it so?

■it

  $60,000,000 FOR CROSS-TIES IN 1909.

THE Census Bureau, in conjunction with the
Forest Service of the Department of Agri-
culture, annually collects and publishes a special
report on the consumption of cross-ties. This in-
formation recently appeared in a preliminary com-
parative report covering 1907, 1908, and 1909, and
it indicates the large increase of 10 per cent in the
number of wooden cross-ties purchased by the
steam and electric railroads in the United States
in 1909, as compared with 1908.

  In 1909, the total number of cross-ties of all
kind;; of wood, reported as having been purchased,
was 123,754,000, costing S6O,321,OG0''at the point
of purchase, as compared with 112,463,000, costing
$56,281,000, in 1908, and 153,700,000, costing
$78,959,000, in 1907. The latter year does not,
however, represent the true standard of compari-
son, as it was one of*unusual railroad develop-
ment, The decrease in 1908 was about 26.8 per
cent, but in 1909, the balance swung back to 80.5
per cent of the 1907 record, and was, as stated,
an increase of about 10 per cent over 1908.

  A significant feature is the fact that in 1909
there were 16.437,000 cross-ties reported as pur-
chased for new tracks, against 7,431,000 in 1908,
and 23,557,000 in 1907, The amount expended
for ties by the steam and electric railroads in 1909
amounted to $60,000,000. The purchases by steam
railroads formed about 93 per cent of the total
in 1909, as compared with approximately 94 per
cent in both 1908. and 1907. While tiiere was con-
siderable variation in the 'number of cross-ties
purchased during the three years, the average cost
per tie remained close to 50 cents.

JX

A WORTHY IDEA.

THE American Locomotive Company has be-
gun an interesting experiment at its Rogers
works at Paterson. New Jersey. It is proposed
to pay weekly prizes to its employees for the best
suggestions tending toward improvement in exist-
ing shop methods. This innovation has awakened
a lively interest among the men, and since its
introduction there has been no lack of competitors.
ON THE EDITORIAL CARPET.

1S9

   This idea is particularly appealing to those who
feel that they know a good thing, and who would
have no other way to present it than by dropping
the idea into the suggestion-box.

  Though some of the submitted sketches arc
crude, as might be expected, no disregard is shown
by the judges in awarding prizes; what is wanted
is a new, practical idea, and the intention is to de-
velop all that appear to be of value.

vSt

CAN YOU HELP THIS MAN?

Editor, The Railroad Man’s Magazine:

HAVING tried every possible means at my
command to locate my father who worked
on the L. S. and M. S. Railway, for twenty
years, and having met with disappointment at
every turn, I finally concluded to appeal to you.

  I wrote to the division superintendent at To-
ledo, and the only information I received from
him was that they had had a man by his name
working for the company several years ago, but
that he could give me no information as to his
present whereabouts.

  I have been reading your magazine for a long
time. In my estimation there isn't another that
can compare with it. The only objection I have
is that it doesn’t come often enough. I sit-down
and devour its contents from cover to cover like
a hungry child with its favorite brand of break-
fast food. If it came twice a month, 1 would cer-
tainly be at the news-stand to get the first copy.

  I will give you as much information as I can,
to help you in my case.

  My father's name is Adam Smith. He was
braking on the rear-end from Elkhart, Indiana,
to Toledo, Ohio, on the main line of the L. S.
and M. S. Railway and made his headquarters at
Elkhart,

  If 1 remember right, he lived at 702 Monroe
Street, or at least on Monroe Street, close to the
L. S. and M. S. yards. He was on the road as
late as seven years ago, when he was braking on
through-freight caboose, No. 232.

  Any information you may be able to give me
will certainly be gratefully received. I should
like very much to pay him a visit in the near
future, if he is still among the living.—A. Ed.
Smith, 233 Livingston Ave Columbus, Ohio.

 ANSWERS TO CERTAIN SIGNALS.

OLD-TIMER, Minneapolis, and others: Your
letters criticizing certain articles were very
interesting. We would like to publish, them, but
you do not sign your names. An anonymous com-
munication is a baneful proposition. It is nothing
more than an insult to the man who receives it
and carries absolutely no weight. As we have
said before, sign your names to your communica-
tions. We will not publish them unless you wish-
D. J. H, Oakland, California.—Regarding the
poems about which you wrote us. “ The Dying
Hobo" appeared in December, 1909. “The
Face on the Bar-Room Floor" (the first line of

which is “ The night was dark and balmy ”) ap-
peared in March, 1910. You can secure copies
of both, these numbers by sending ten cents for
each to this office.

  H. D. P., Richmond, Kentucky.—The latest
and most approved way to spell it is “ despatcher.”
This is according to the Standard Dictionary,
which is our green light along the line of spelling
and such things. “ Dispatcher” is an older form,
but both words mean exactly the same. Some
lexicographers (word-makers) claim a distinction.
They say that the dispatcher carries the despatch,
and therefore and most naturally the dispatcher
would carry the instructions to the despatcher.
However, the way we use it in our magazine is
absolutely correct.

  C>. M. F., Vandergrift Heights, Pennsylvania.—
We would like to print the song, “ Has Anybody
Here Seen Kelly? ” but our rule is to slick strictly
to the muse that is inspired by the railroad.
“ Casey Jones ” appeared in our July, 1910, issue.

  To Many Correspondents: In regard to the
length of the bridge across Lake Pontchartrain on
the Queen and Crescent Route, we have received
the following information direct from the presi-
dent of that line.

  “ There are 30,206 feet of trestle-work on the
bridge. Also two steel draw-spans, each 250 feet
long, making a total length of the bridge from
shore to shore 30,706 feet."

  A Brakeman’s Wife, West Derby, Vermont.—
We were glad to see your poem, but it is always
proper to send your name and address with a
literary contribution. The editor may want to
write to you about it.

“INCLUDING FINNIGIN.”

IT was a railroad poem that made Strickland
W. Gillilan known as a writer of verse. That
poem was “ Including Finnigin.” It is one of the
quaintest bits of humor ever written and it now
forms the title of Mr. Gillilan's collected works.
“ Including Finnigin ” contains some of the most
human, homely verses ever penned since the days
of Ben King. Glancing, through its pages, we
find several about railroaders. Although “ In-
cluding Finnigin " is the best known, we are going
to reprint it here, as it is worth reading every
time one comes across it. The book is published
by Forbes & Company, Chicago, Illinois. Price $1.

   FINNIGIN to flannigan.

SUPERINTINDINT wuz Flannigan;

Boss av th’ siction wuz Finnigin,

   Whiniver th' cyars got off th’ thrack,

An’ muddled up things t’ th’ divvle an’ back,
Finnigin writ it t’ Flannigan,

Afther th' wrick wuz all on agin;

That is, this Finnigin
Repoorted t’ Flannigan.

Whin Finnigin furrst writ t' Flannigan,

He writed tin pa-ages, did Finnigin;
190

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

An' he towld just how th’ wrick occurred—

Yis, minny a tajus, blundherin’ wurrd
Did Finnigin write t' Flannigan
Afther th’ cyars had gone on agin—

That’s til’ way Finnigin
Repoorted t' Flannigan.

Now Flannigan knowed more than Finnigin—:
He’d more idjucation, had Flannigan.

An’ ut wore'm clane an’ complately out
T’ tell what Finnigin writ about
In ’s writin' t’ Mustlier Flannigan.

So he writed this back: “ Musther Finnigin:—■
Don’t do sich a sin agin;

Make ’em brief, Finnigin! ”

Whin Finnigin got that fruni Flannigan
He blushed rosy-rid, did Finnigin.

An’ he said: “I’ll gamble a whole month’s pay
That ut’ll be minny an’ minny a day
Befure sup’rintindint—that’s Flannigan—

Gits a whack at that very same sin agin.

Frum Finnigin to Flannigan
Repoorts won’t be long agin.”

Wan day on th' siction av Finnigin,

On th’ road sup’rintinded be Flannigan,

A ra-ail give way on a bit av a currve,

An’ some cyars wint off as they made th’ shwarrve,
“ Tliey’s nobody hurrted,” says Finnigin,

“ But repoorts must be made t’ Flannigan.”

An’ he winked at McGorrigan
As married a Finnigin.

He wuz sliantyin’ thin, wuz Finnigin,

As minny a railroader’s been agin,

An’ ’is shmoky ol’ lamp wuz burrnin’ bright
In Finnigin’s shanty all that night—

Bilin’ down ’s repoort, wuz Finnigin.

An’ he writed this here: “ Musther Flannigan:—
Off agin, on agin,

Gone agin.—Finnigin.”

J*

MAINE’S NARROW-GAGE ROADS.

IS there a railroad in Maine with two-foot gage? -
Boss av th’ section wuz Finnegin.
and engines?—H. O. H., Haines Falls, New
York.

It is the Bridgton and Saco River railroad, 21
miles long; 5 locomotives and 63 cars.—Railroad
Man’s Magazine.

Also the Wiscasset, Waterville and Farmington,
57^4 miles, 7 locomotives and 114 cars; the Ken-
nebec Central, 5 miles, 2 locomotives, 21 cars; the
Monson, 6 miles, 2 locomotives, 23 cars; and the
Sandy River and Rangeley Lakes, with 103 miles,
17 locomotives, 263 cars, one of which is a parlor-
car.—Maine Woods.

FRONTIER DAYS.

Editor, The Railroad Man’s Magazine:

I RE AD in the Christmas number of your maga-
zine. Mr. W. J. Carney’s story, “ How the
Julesburg Mail Was Lost.” He states that
this incident occurred in 1868. I was a member
of Company D., Fourth United States Infantry,
from 1865 to 1868.

  On April 5, 1867, my regiment crossed the
Missouri River, on the ice, to Omaha. No bridge
had then been built. We camped for a short time
on the bluffs south of the town.

  The weather becoming warmer, we left Omaha
and traveled to North Platte, which was then as
far as the Union Pacific Railroad had been built.
From North Platte we hiked up through the
Platte River valley to our destination — Fort
Sedgwick.

 There we spent the summer of 1867. The
railroad had been built to Julesburg, which town
sprang up like a mushroom overnight, as Mr.
Carney states.

  In the fall of 1S67, the railroad had reached
Cheyenne, Wyoming. My company was stationed
for a short time at Fort D. A. Russel, at Cheyenne,
From that point, we marched through what was
called the Chug to old Fort Laramie, where I
spent the winter and summer of 186S, being dis-
charged from the service in the month, of August.

  Mr. Carney probably was at Fort Sedgwick
during the time that my regiment—including the
famed Fourth Infantry band, which had been
General Grant’s headquarters band during the
Civil War—was stationed there.

  The troop that Mr. Carney belonged to was
known as the old Second Dragoons. General
Potter was post-commander. The Pawnee Scouts,
under command of Major North, were camped
near our company quarters.

  Mr. Carney may remember the accidental shoot-
ing of First-Sergeant Boutelier, just as our com-
pany was ready to march out for Sunday evening
parade.

  The death of Sergeant Boutelier caused no in-
terruption in the parade, during which the band
played a lively march. General Potter and the
ladies sat on the veranda viewing the ceremony
with its tragic accompaniment. Such was the
life of a soldier—to meet death with martial music
and flying colors!

  I have no recollection of the battle that Mr.
Carney relates, but I have no doubt of its oc-
currence. Such encounters made heroes of the
mounted men, while we poor “ dough-boys ” were
building telegraph-lines, making adobe bricks,
or chopping wood in the mountains.

  The cavalry-men lived on the fat of the land,
as they could follow the buffalo* and antelope.
We had to be satisfied with bean-soup and rusty
sow-belly and a boiled concoction of hard-tack
and other ingredients, the name of which I hesi-
tate to write. Most of the time we were as
hungry as wolves. •

  While stationed at Fort Sedgwick. I saw the
famous Sioux Chief, Spotted Tail. Flis followers
were not hostile at that time. The Sioux were
divided into clans such as the Beules and Oga-
lalas and others. Not all of these clans were un-
friendly. I mingled among them .quite freely, and
have, to this day, relics that were presented to me
by my Indian friends.

  At Fort Laramie, I saw the largest gathering
of plains' Indians that ever took place in the
history of the West. There were Sioux, Cheyennes,
Arapahoes, Crows, and other tribes. A treaty
was being held, relating to the Black Hills country
and other points of dispute.

 Among the noted white men present were
Generals Sherman, Auger, Terry, and Harney;
ON THE EDITORIAL CARPET.

191

Brcvet-Genera! Slemmcr, post-commander; Major
Bullock, post-trader, and a Mr. Reichard, inter-
preter.

  Chief Red Cloud’s daughter was shot to death
one night by a soldier on guard, when she failed
to answer his challenge. This was one of the
causes of the uprising that followed later.

  I will not take up your valuable time by a
recital of my own experiences. I am writing only
to correct the data of Mr. Carney’s story.

  In the history of the frontiers, we have accounts,
like Mr. Carney’s, of troops driving the enemy
before them. I have a distinct recollection of
leading about two hundred well-mounted, blood-
thirsty savages. I was not mounted, for the simple
life had made me a great sprinter. The proof of
my successful leadership is my ability to write
you this letter.—J. M. S., Bridgeport, Connecticut.

Editor, The Railroad Man’s Magazine:

1HAVE just finished reading your article on
freight rates in the January issue of The
Railroad Man’s Magazine. I am a freight-
rate clerk in New York, and desire to say a few
words regarding the trials and tribulations of my
position.

  My chief and I quote on an average of one hun-
dred rates a day from dry goods to locomotives and
flying machines, mostly over the telephone, and 1
can tell you our heads certainly ache from some
of the questions we are asked and names we are
called by shippers who cannot seem to understand
we are mere human beings and not unabridged
libraries of knowledge.

  We are asked to explain why the through trans-
continental rates to San Francisco or some other
Pacific Coast terminal are half as much as the
rale to Missoula, Montana. When we endeavor
to give a satisfactory reason, are told we don't
know what we are talking about. Also, why cot-
ton-piece goods are “ rule 25 ” in the official class,
third class in the Western classification, and fourth
class in the Southern classification.

  When we happen to make an error, even if of a
half-cent per hundred pounds on a shipment of
dry goods weighing 150 pounds, we are told we
are trying to flim-flam the shipper and are going
to be reported to the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission.	“ A Freicht-Rater.”

J*

OLD-TIMB POEMS.

SONG OF THE ENGINE.

BY DICK COFFIN.

ONLY a giant of brass and steel,

You wouldn't suppose that I could feel.

      Only a monster, grim and great,

I stand on the track and wait, and wait.

Only an engine, a thing that’s dumb,

But I understand when the orders come.

“ We’re an hour late,” the conductor said,

And the goal but a hundred miles ahead!

An hour late. It is naught to me,

For I know the hand that will set me free.

I can feel it now, in callous dress,

Along my throttle in soft caress.

’ Tis the engineer’s. He knows my strength,

And loves every inch of my shining length.

An hour late. How long to start.

I feel a glow in my red-hot heart,

And my feather is waving proud and high—

For the time is near to do or die.

At last! The signal! I must away !

I sense a thrill of the coming fray.

My headlight shows me the track is clear,

I feel the hand of the engineer.

A wheeze, a puff, a snort, a cough;

My whistle shrieks. I’m off! I’m off!

My drivers whir like a flash of light,

As I grind the sand to a powder white,

And glide through the yards by the green and red—
There’s a bum on the baggage-doach ahead!

Out on the main line rip-et-tee-zip,

Beginning to hit up a lively clip.

Hark! 'Tis the voice of the engineer;

“ S.he’s burnin’ a hole in the atmosphere! ’’

’Tis the kind of praise he always gives—

He knows that I am a thing that lives.

As he leans from the cab and kindly smiles
While watching his pet reel off the miles,

’Tis now I know he has done his best,

And it's up to me—I’ll do the rest.

So, away ! Away ! I fear no fate,

Nor a hundred miles, nor an hour late.

I tear along like a fiend gone mad,

And I hum a song, for my heart is glad.

On and on, through the inky night,

I rush with the speed of an arrow’s flight.

On and on—plain, forest, town—

Cutting the distance down and down.

Roll and rattle, clatter and clank,

I dart like a flash by a water-tank!

A hundred miles. But I never flinch,

I gather speed with every inch.

My breath comes hot in a steady roar

Through the reeking stack, and the cinders pour

In a fiery stream from my brazen throat,

A sound as sweet as an organ’s note!

A sound of wild unrest, so grand
To me and those who understand.

The wind cuts hard at my iron brow,

For I’m going, going, going now!

Faster and faster with every breath,

I run the race with Time and Death.

Faster and faster! I fairly leap

As I shoot a grade that is long and steep.

I take a bend with a screaming hiss,

And glide on the edge of a precipice.

Clang and clatter, rattle and clack;

Hard luck, indeed, if I left the track!

Faster and faster I tear along,

Louder and louder I shout my song. •

I	leave a village in swirls of dust;

Will I make it up? I must! I must!

Faster and faster! The landscape seems to whirl
and whirl like a drunkard's dream;

One grinding grip on the gleaming steel,

And I round a curve with a reckless reel,

And I swing my head in a dizzy flash
On a dead straight line for a last mad dash
To win the end of a hundred miles—

My reward? Will be my pardner's smiles!

Slam and clatter, rattle and roll,

Almost there! I can see the goal!

One mighty spurt. I’m nearly done,

Over a crossing—hurrah ! I've won !
192

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  My bell rings gay as a Christinas chime,

  An hour late? No! In on time!

 l’envoi.

  The bum on the baggage-coaeh ahead
  Dropped off and a quart of cinders shook
  From his hair, as he walked away and said:

   “ That's the fastest ride I ever took.”

£

 FIFTY MILES AN HOUR.

 Mrs. Garfield’s Ride to Washington, July 2, 1881.

 BY GEORGE LANSING TAYLOR, D.D.

%

 LEAR the track to Washington! ”

  Flashed the order from New York.
  Commerce, travel, all must wait;
  Business, pleasure, play or work!

  “ Clear the track to Washington!

    Fire the steam to lightning power!
   Engineer, your orders are:

    Fifty miles an hour! ”

 “ Bring out ' Long-legged Tom,’ whose wheels
 Stride eight yards at every round!

  Let them burn along the steels!

 Make that splendid engine bound!

   Like the fiery dragon’s flight,

     Let the train the road devour!

  Engineer, your orders are:

     Fifty miles an hour ! ”

  “ Why? ” “ A mad assassin’s hand
    Shot our President this morn.

   Garfield's wife to Garfield flies,

    Like an angel, whirlwind borne!

  Engineer, be bold and true!

 Test your art's consummate power!

   Put this, little woman through,

     Fifty miles an hour ! ”

   “ Fifty million patriot hearts

 Weep, and rage, and curse, and pray;

  ‘Save, O God, our President!

    Shield his wife, and speed her way!’
   Engineer, not this for you;

    Yours to stand a brazen tower,

 And put this one weak woman through,

    Fifty miles an hour!

  “ Ten hours' time to Washington,

    You must cut it down to six!

  For our Garfield’s hero soul
    Trembles on the shores of Styx!

 Grim Charon's bark grates on life’s strand;

 But Love shall snatch his lifted oar;

  For Love can bear the fearful strain
    Of fifty miles an hour! ”

  Strong men, bare-browed, cheer the train,
    Like a thunderbolt hurled past!

   Women's tears fall thick as rain
    Shook from rose-trees by the blast.

  O, Wedded Love! ne'er angel flew

    From heaven to earth with richer dower!
   Angels! waft this true wife through,

    Fifty miles an hour!

   Philadelphia hails the car,

    Like a meteor on its road;

   Baltimore, thrilled at its jar,

 Waves it on with prayer to God!

   Venus’s chariot, drawn by doves,

   Fluttering from Love’s myrtle bower,
   Changed to steed of steel and flame,

   At fifty miles an hour!

  The true wife comes! Love fights with death!

   The nation’s prayer is heard!

   E’en Shylock Wall Street’s “ bulls ” and “ bears ”
   With a human throb are stirred;

   And a million gold were not too much
   To make that brave wife’s dower,

   Who rode six hours to save her lord,

   Fifty miles an hour!

■Jt

A MAN’S NAME.

BY RICHARD REALF.

Ill memorial)!, David Simmons, Railroad En-
gineer. Died, February 6, 1871, near
New Hamburgh, New York.

(From "Poems by Richard Realf." Copyrighted.

   1898. by Funk & Wacnalls Company. New York.)

  THROUGH the packed horror of the night
  It rose up like a star,

         And sailed into the infinite,

        Where the immortals are.

   “ Down brakes! ” One splendid hard-held breath,
   And lo, an unknown name
   Strode into sovereignty from death,

   Trailing a path of flame.

“Jump!”—“ I remain”—No needless word,

   No vagueness in his breast;

   Along his blood the swift test stirred—

   He answered to the test.

   Gripped his black peril like a vise,

And, as he grappled, saw
That life is one with sacrifice
And duty one with law.

  Home:—but his feet grew granite fast;

   Wife:—yet he did not reel;

   Babes:—ah, they tugged ! but to the last
   He stood t.h.ere true as steel.

   Above his own heart’s lovingness,

   Above another’s crime,

   Above the immitigable stress,

   Above himself and time,

Smote loving comfort on the cheek,

   Gave quibbling fear the lie.

Taught ambling fluence how to speak.

   And brave men how to die.

Who said the time of kings has gone?

  Who said our Alps were low,

And not by God’s airs blown upon?

   Behold, it is not so.

Out from the palace and the hut,

   Dwarf-fronted, lame of will,

Limp our marred Joves and giants—but
  Sceptered for masth'y still.

   And clothed with puissance to quell
   Whatever mobs of shame
   Are leagued within us, with such spell
   As David Simmons's name.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Healthful vs. unhealthful heating

Direct-from-the-fire kind of
heating (as grates, stoves and
hot-air furnaces) robs the air
of its life-principle — oxygen
— and fills its place with
carbon-dioxide — a poison— i V
dead, burned air, unfit to be

taken into the lungs. No	V"

greenhouses or sanitariums ,	ISk |

are now so heated! Then Qj	raJ

there’s the annoyance, as	\JHl' SmXjL

well as the business loss, of	'■’**1!^

being obliged to stay away
from one’s work due to a

drafty, ash-dust and coal-gas laden atmosphere in the
home, irritating the sensitive membranes of nose and throat.

American x Ideal

ii Radiators '-Mboilers

A No. 1-22-W IDEAL Boiler and
422 It. ol 38-in. AMERICAN Radi-
ators. costing the owner $190.
were used to heat this cottage. At
these prices the goods can be
bought ol any reputable, compe-
tent Fitter. This did not include
cost ol labor, pipe, valves. Ireiglit.
etc., which installation is extrn
and varies according to climatic
and other conditions.

Prevent your taking chances with your
health. IDEAL Boilers and AMERI-
CAN Radiators should be
put in every occupied
building. They save their
cost by cutting down the
fuel bills. They do away with soot, dirt and
hard work. They supply every room, nook
and corner of the house in all kinds of weather
with pure, warm air — and at just the temper-
ature you want.

IDEAL Boilers and AMERICAN Radiators are built on
the unit or sectional plan, so they can quickly be set up
in any size of building—new or old — town or country—
without disturbing occupants.

You can learn more about old-fashioned heating a day after it is
too late than your friends would think of telling you in a year be-
fore. Better investigate now this money-saving heating invest-
ment—many thousands sold annually throughout America and
Europe. Our complete (free) catalog tells a big story in heating
wisdom. Write today. Prices now most favorable.

IDEAL Boilers
and AMERICAN
Radiators keep a
new bouse new
and cause an old
house to have its
life and value pro-
longed.

Showrooms in all
large citics

AmericanRadiator Company

Write to Dept. J
Chicago

In iinitcering this driver Hutment it is desirable that you mention The Kah.ro a l Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

            Do you long for BETTER THINGS—yet
            do not know how to reach out to get them ?
            Or—do you feel as if your “ hands are tied ? ”
            Don’t give up—there is hope for YOU!

In ansioering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tub Railroad Max's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Have you ambition? Do you want to get on—
SUCCEED—earn more money ? Is there a certain
line of work you think you could do better in—if
you only had the training ? Or a certain kind of
position you would like to hold—only you fear
your “ hands are tied ?”

DON’T let your ambition die!
Don’t think your hands are tied !
Don’t think that you can’t strike
out for advancement and siiccess—that
you do not dare, because you must eke
out your daily bread—that you must go
on in the same old rut as long as you live.

  Get out of the crowd of ordinary
untrained men—whose each day’s work
puts them no further ahead—for whom
the future has no promise.

 Start your advancement NOW—mark
the coupon with a cross opposite the
occupation you prefer, mail it to-day,
and let the International Correspond-
ence Schools give you full information
011 how they can help you to succeed as
they have thousands of others — costs
but postage—you incur no obligation.

  Simply let the I. C. S. tell you how
they can assist you to become an EX-
PERT in your chosen work—in your
spare time—at home—no matter where
you live or how little you now earn.

  Your hands are not tied. Victory is
within your reach—you can succeed.

It’s a winning game for you—if you will
only enter.

  More than 300 I. C. S. students
monthly VOLUNTARILY report in-
creases in pay due to I. C. S. help—?-?i
in October.

  The world owes you success if you
demand it—the world owes you nothing
if you do not. Mark the coupon—make
your beginning—NOW.

 This Coupon is for YOU

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS.

Bos 861. SCRANTON, PA.

 Please explain, withont fnrtlier obligation on my part,
 how I can qualify for the position, trade or profession
 before which I have marked X-_

General Foreman            Electrical Engineer   
It. It. Shop Foreman       Machine Designer      
R. R. Traveling Eng.       Electrician           
K. It. Truv't Fireman      Mining Engineer       
Locomotive Engineer        Mine Foreman          
Air-Brake Instructor       Foreman Machinist     
Air-Brake Inspector        Chemist               
Air-Brake Repairman        Amayer                
Meehan leal Engineer       Architect             
Mechanical draftsman       Bookkeeper            
It- It. CoiiNlructlon Eng. Stenographer          
Surveyor                   Advertising Man       
Civil Engineer             Automobile Running    
Hanking                    Concrete Construction 
                                                 
                                                 
Emnloved bv                               R. It. 
Employed as . . . --                             
Stroot anrl Vrt                                  
f!lt*                      State                 
                                                 
in u III leering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railboad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

A LIVING FROM POULTRY

$1,500.00 from 60 Hens in Ten Months on a City
Lot 40 Feet Square

*7tO the average poultry-
* man that would seem
impossible, and when we tell
you that we have actually
done a $1500 poultry bus-
iness with 60 hens on a
corner in the city garden 40
feet wide by 40 feet long,
we are simply stating facts.

It would not be possible to
get such returns by any one
of the systems of poultry
keeping recommended and
practiced by the American
people, still it can be ac-
complished by the

PHILO
SYSTEM

THE PHILO SYSTEM IS UNLIKE ALL OTHER WAYS OF KEEPING
POULTRY

and in many respects just the reverse, accomplishing Dilute in poultry work
that have always been considered impossible, and getting unheard-of results
that are hard to believe without seeing.

THE NEW SYSTEM COVERS ALL BRANCHES OF THE WORK
NECESSARY FOR SUCCESS

from Relenting the breeders to marketing the product. It tells bow to get eggs
that will batch, how to hatch nearly every egg and bow to raise nearly all the
chicks batched. It gives complete plans in derail how to make everything
necessary to run the business and at less than half the cost required to handle
the poultry business in any other manner.

TWO-POUND BROILERS IN EIGHT WEEKS

are raised in a ►pace of less than a square foot to the broiler, ami the broiler"
are of the very be6t quality, bringing here 3 cents a pound above the highest
market price.

OUR SIX-MONTH-OLD PULLETS ARE LAYING AT THE RATE OF
24 EGGS EACH PER MONTH

in a space of two square feet for each bird. No green cut bone of any descrip-
tion is fed, and the food used is inexpensive as compared with food others
are using.

Our new book. THE PHILO SYSTEM OF POULTRY KEEPING, Rives full
particulars regarding these wonderful discoveries, with simple, easy-to-
understand directions that ar*- right to the point, and 15 pages of illustra-
tions showing all branches of the work from start to linish.

DON'T LET THE CHICKS DIE IN THE SHELL

One of the secrets of success is to save all the chickens that aie fully de-
veloped at hatching time, whether they can crack the shell or not. It is a
simple trick, and believed to be the secret of the ancient Egyptians and
Chinese which enabled them to sell the chicks at 10 cents a dozen.

CHICKEN FEED AT FIFTEEN CENTS A BUSHEL

Our book tells how to make the best green food with but iittle trouble and
have a good supply any day in the year, winter or summer. It is just as

  impossible to get a large egg yield without green food as it ia to keep a cow
  without bay or fodder.

OUR NEW BROODER SAVES 2 CENTS ON EACH CHICKEN

  No lamp required. No danger of chilling, over-heating or burning up the
  chickens as with brooders using lamps or any kind of lire. They niso keep the
  lice off the chickens automatically or kill any that may be on them when
  placed in the brooder. Our book gives full plans ami the right to make and
  use them. One can easily be made in an hour at a cost of 25 to 50 cents.

TESTIMONIALS

 Mr Dkar Mr. Pim.o	Valley Falls, N. Y., Oct. 1, 1910.

  After another year's work with your System of Poultry Keeping 'making
  three years in all) I am thoroughly convinced of its practicability. 1 raised
  all my chicks in your Brooder-Coops containing your Fireless Brooders, and
  kept them there until they were nearly matured, decreasing the number in
  each coop, however, as they grew iu size. Those who have visited my plaut
  have been uuanimous in their praise of my birds raised by this System.

Sincerely yours,	iRev.) E. B. 'i'em pier.

  Mr. E. R. Philo, Elmira, N. Y.	Elmira, N. Y., Oct. 30, 1909.

  Dear Sir :—No doubt jou will be interested to learn of our success In keep-
  ing poultry by the Philo System. Our first year’s work is now nearly com-
  pleted. It has given us au income of over J500.00 from six pedigree bens and
  one cockerel. Had we understood the work as well as we now do after a
  year's experience, we could easily have made over $1000.00 from the hix hen-.
  In addition to the profits from the sale of pedigree chicks we have cleared
  over $96(i.00, running our Hatchery plant, consisting of 56 Cycle Hatchers. Wo
  are pleased with the results, and expert to do better the coming year. With
  best wishes, we are	Very truly yours, iMrs.) C. P. Goodrich.

  Mr. E. R. Philo. Elmira, N. Y.	South Britain, Conn., April 19, 1909

  Dear Sir:—I have followed your System as close as I could : the result is a
  complete success. If there can be any improvement on nature, your brooder
  is it. The first experience 1 had with your System was last December. I
  batched 17 chicks under two bens, put them as soon as batched in one of
  your brooders out of doors, and at the ase of three mouths I sold them at 35c.
  a pound. They then averaged 2^ lbs. each, and the man I sold them to said
  they were the finest he ever saw, und he wants all 1 cau spare this season.

Yours truly,	A. E. Kelson.

Note th'' condition ot these three months old pullets. These pullets and their ancestor* for seien
generations haTe neter been allowed to run outside Ibe coop*.

 SPECIAL OFFER

  Send $1.00 for one
year’s subscription to
the Poultry Review, a
monthly magazine de-
voted to progressive
methods of poultry
keeping, and we will in-
clude, without charge,
a copy of the latest
revised edition of the
Philo System Book.

Photograph Showing a Porllon of thPhilo National Poultry Institute Poultry Plant. Where There
Are Now Over o,000 Pedigree White Orpingtons on Less Than a Half Aere of Land.

E. R. PHILO, Publisher

2638 Lake St., Elmira, N. Y.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazini.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  Making “Dreams”
                Come True

           Depends largely upon clear thinking.

            Coffee is one of the most subtle of all enemies of a clear
    mind. Not for everyone—but for many.

          If you value comfort and the power to “do things,”
    suppose you change from coffee to well-made

POSTUM

“There’s a Reason”

Postum Cereal Company, Limited, Battle Creek, Michigan, U. S. A.

In anawcrln'j this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tiib Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

                 Childhood’s
                 Appreciation

                of the healthful products of sugar cane
                has never wavered in a hundred years.
                Don’t impose upon it now. Pure cane
                syrup is Nature’s best food. Georgia
                ribbon cane is the kind your great-
                grandmother used in her cakes and
                cookies and candies—it sweetened the
                buckwheats fifty years ago.

SYRUP

is the genuine Alabama-Georgia product—made by
the old plantation “open kettle” process. Not a by-
product but a buy product. Sensationally old-
fashioned. Made because there’s still a market for
the best. Order it today—any good grocer. If
your dealer doesn’t keep Jilaga write us and we
will see that you are supplied.

        Austin Nichols and Company

             Largest importers, Manufacturers and Wholesale
             Grocers in America

        New York City

            Distributors for the East

            Packed by

       Alabama-Georgia Syrup
       Company

Montgomery, Alabama	——--- x'xy-.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Startling Watch Offer!

READ!
AWatch Offer Without
Parallel

 Burlington Direct Guarantee
 On Both Case And Movement

.64?

    Write for our FREE book on
 watches; a book that posts you on
 watches and watch values—explains
 reasons for our most remarkable rock-
 bottom-price offer DIRECT TO YOU
 on the highest grade Burlington.

 IF YOU WANT a highest grade watch (ladies’
 or gentlemen’s), or if you ever expect to own
 such a watch, write NOW for the free Burling*
 ton book. See coupon below.

 We won’t “knuckle down” to selling systems
 among dealers, so we have decided to make such
 a tremendous and wonderful offer direct to the
 ■I	public on a first-class time piece, that no trust,

  no dealers under contract will or can stop us.
  You too will seize this opportunity to get the “Burlington Special” direct on this wonderful offer.

      You should not buy a worthless watch just because it is cheap. Nor need you pay trust prices
  now for a top-notch watch. The free Burlington book explains.

 (GOLD STRATA CASS
 ‘jUAP.INrCED FOR 25 YEARS —

SeconO

Adjusted

The

$2

a Month at the Rock Bottom Price

^	$2.50 a month for the world’s most superb time piece? The

easiest payments at the rock-bottom price—the Rock-Bottom price. To assure us that everybody 'mill
quickly accept this introductory direct offer, we allow cash or easy payments, just as you prefer.

Mrt—on flnii/n We ship the watch on approval, prepaid (your choice

■	WCr lllufIC/|r SJ1/ Mr 11 of lady’s or gentleman’s open face or hunting case}.

— ■ —	You risk absolutely nothing—you pay nothing—not one

cent—unless you want the great offer after seeing and thoroughly inspecting the watch.

Get the FREE Burlington Book Now Write

THIS BOOKLET will quickly convince you too
that you DO want an independent watch—made
in the independent factoiy that is fighting the
trust as best it can by giving better quality and
superiorworkmansliipthroughout; we will quickly
convince you that the Burlington watch,on which
there is only one rock-bottom price (the same
rock-bottom price everywhere) is THE watch
for the discriminating buyer; that it is THE
watch for the man or woman who wants, not the
largest selling brand which everybody has, but
the best watch, the watch bought by experts,

THE watch that is absolutely perfect in its many
points of superiority—the Burlington Watch.

You will be posted on inside facts and prices
when you send for the Burlington Company’s
free book on watches.

BURLINGTON WATCH COMPANY

Dept. 1103 19th and Marshall Blvd., Chicago, 111. 4

                   for the free book. It will <
 tell you what you f
 ought to know before you even exam- J
 ine a watch. It will tell you the ^
 inside facts about watch prices,
 and will explain the many ^ BURUNGTOH
 superior points of the Bur- A Dep^gH CO. ^
 lington over the double v
 priced products. Just

 <;pnH vnnr namf> anrl ivV Please send me (without

 sena your name and > obligations and prepaid)
 address today.	your free book on watches

 J A and copy of your SI .000 chal-
 ... . <jl lenge, with full explanations
 No Letter Is ^ of your cash or $2.50 a momh
 Necessary— J* ofIer on tha Burlington Watch.

COUPON A

Will Oo	...............................

Marsnall Blvd.
CHICAGO • • ILLINOIS

 .^^ddress .

In a newer I lit/ this advertisement it is ilesirablc that non mention The Raii-iioad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 I Hade $18J7§=

NET PROFIT inOneYear

  I	have written a book that tells how I took
a flock of 1638 chickens, and made them
net me a profit of $11.09 per bird in 12
months’ time.

  It tells how I made $3,600.00 in one sea-
son from 30 hens, on a city lot 24x40,
just by feeding the scraps from my table
three times a day. I’ll give you the
names of those who paid me over $2,000
for the eggs alone from these hens. You
can write to these people.

  I	tell you, in this book, how I make my
chickens weigh 2'/i lbs. in eight weeks. I
tell you how I prepared my chickens for
the show room so that I won over 90 per
cent of all the blue ribbons offered during
1907 and 1908.

  This valuable information has nev-
er been published before. This
book tells how I feed my chickens
for egg-production—how I keep
them healthy and free from
disease—how I break up my
broody hens without injury
to them. I tell you how I
pack my eggs so as to keep
them fresh—how I mate my
chickens to produce best re-
sults in fertility of eggs and
quality of offspring. I tell you

My Book
tells you
everything
that is
necessary
in conduct-
ing a suc-
cessful
poultry
business.

 how I operate my incubators and brooders—
 how I supply moisture. I tell you how I
 raised my famous $10,000 hen “Peggy”—
 and how I produced my big egg-laying
 strain. I tell about broiler-plants, egg-
 plants, etc.

        It covers all branches—it tells everything necessary
        for successful poultry raisins;. It tells how I started,
        and what I have accomplished.

  It shows you a picture of the first hen house I built, 6x6
  feet in size. It contains over 50 full-page pictures of
  buildings and views taken on my farm. It was written
  from actual, practical experience.

Here are a few Expressions from those
who have received my book—see
what they have to say :

        Kellerstrass Farm, Kas. City, Mo. Burnett, Cal.

       I received your book sent me Saturday a.m. It
       would have been worth to me $500.00 i( I had had
       it last spring. "Good Book," common sense
       learned by hard-earned experience. Worth
       $1,000 to me. Resp’t'y,

L. R. HAYWARD.

„ _	Oklahoma City, Okla.

                      Mr. Ernest Kellerstrass,

                             Kansas City, Mo.

                     Dear Sir:—Your late poultry book re-
                     ceived, and I have received very
                     much valuable information therefrom.
                     I believe^ I can now begin the poultry
                     business intelligently and successfully.
                     Yours respectfully.

                     T. W. SHACKELFORD.

         Best dollar’s worth I’ve ever received.
         CHAS. P. GOETZ, Buffalo, N. Y.

It took me
yeaj-s to
write this
book.
It is the
result of
practical,
hard-
earned
experience.

I have sixteen of |	-'V	It was a rare treat

lour her:. av; j. _________1 ; ^

eraged two hundred	September at the

and thirty-one(231)	Heaviest Laying Strain in the World.	kellerstrass Farm,

eggs per bird in 12	where were origi-

months. LAWRENCE JACKSON, Pennsylvania.	natedthe Crystal White Orpingtons, now famous the world over.

rrs,	. .i ,	in *	Mr. Kellerstrass exhibited upwards of $25,000 worth of bird? at

There isn’t a thing that would make you sue- the Chicago Show.—Western Poultry Journal. Cedar Rapids. Ia.
cessful in the poultry business that is not fully shown and explained in this book.

Send $1.00 and I'll Send You a Copy of this. My Latest Revised Poultry Book.

ERNEST KELLERSTRASS,	Kansas City. Mo.

In answering this advertisement it is desirublc that you mention Tite Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Opportunity Coupon

  American School of Correspondence, Chicago, U. S. A.

  Please send me your Bulletin and advise me how I can
  qualify for the position marked “X.11	Man’8, 2-11

 Draughtsman
 Architect
 Civil Engineer
 Automobile Operator
 Electrical Engineer
 Mechanical Engineer
 Moving Picture Op’r
 Steam Engineer
 Fire Insurance Eng’r
 RedamationEngineer

 Book-keeper

 Stenographer

 Accountant

 .Cost Accountant

  Systematizer

  Cert’f'd Public Acc’nt

 Auditor

 Business Manager
 Commercial Law
 College Preparatory

from Dinner Pail
draughting Table

          ONE YEAR AGO a young man
          in an Iowa town was working as a
          machinist’s helper at $1.75 a day.
          Now he is a Draughtsman in the
          offices of a large manufacturing con-
          cern at a salary of

              $1200.00 a year.

Every Young
Man

 ADDRESS

with ambition and grit,
every young man who
wants to really count for
something in the business
world, who wants to be
more than a mere cog in a
big machine, can rise step
by step until he gets the posi-
tion he wants; can do it easily and without
privation or sacrifice. It isn’t hard to
climb up higher if you once get
started right. It isn’t hard to learn
what you need to know in order
to fill a good position. It isn’t hard
to get in a class of successful men, of
men who work with their heads in-
stead of their hands.

       Sign the Coupon

 and send it back. Find out what we can do for
 YOU. It costs you nothing to get this informa-
 tion and it may mean everything to you—better
 position, bigger pay, more money to spend for the good
 things of life—REAL SUCCESS.

American School ol Correspondence

CHICAGO, c. s. A.

This

Coupon

Did

It

In anmcerlng this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Han’s Magazine.
A
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—AD VERTISING SECTION.

11 Tears Here

     THE

SMOOTHEST TOBACCO

Automobiling — the right thing to
smoke is a pipe — the right thing to
put in it is Velvet. Its bully — dif-
ferent from the ordinary tobaccos.
Velvet is Burley—the very choicest of
Burley leaf—mellowed for two years
and in that two years every particle of
the essential oils permeate each leaf
thoroughly and make Velvet the mild-
est, coolest, sweetest smoke that you
ever tasted. It burns even and it
smokes cool. You may have tried other
Burley tobaccos, but you will never
know how good Burley tobacco can
be until youve tried Velvet. Get a
can. Don t let your dealer fool you.
Say “ Velvet and stick to it.

Spaulding & Merrick

               Chicago, 111.

In a neat metal can

lO cents

At your dealer's or if
he is sold out, send us
the r o cents. We'll

Messrs. Ostermoor &. Co.

  The Ostermoor Mattress
purchased from you over
ten or eleven years ago is

still in use in my home, and
it is so comfortable and sat-
isfactory 1 assure you we
would use no other.

     Very truly yours.
         Frank C. Mosier
         Attorney-at-Law.

WHICH means
more to you—
actual proof of value
from families who have
used the Ostermoor for
years, or the mere
claim of a“just-as-good” imitation, so many of
which have cropped tip to deceive buyers who
really Want and should have the

Qsmot

*15.

MATTRESS

 ‘Built—Not Stuffed'

Your education along the lines of sleeping com-
fort— your knowledge of mattress quality and
what scientific mattress making can bring you—
demands the Ostermoor, and none other.

It represents fifty years of experience instead of
five years of “experiment.”

144-Page Book and Samples Free

 The Ostermoor Mattress is not for sale at stores generally, but
 there’s an Ostermoor dealer in most places. Write us. and we'll
 give his name. We will ship you a mattress by express, prepaid, same
 day your check is received, where we have no dealer or he has
 none in stock. Try it 30 days—money back if you want it.

OSTERMOOR & CO., 248 Elizabeth St., New York

Canadian Agency: Alaska Feather and I'own Co., Ltd.. Montreal

MATTRESSES COST

Express Prepaid
Best blue and white
ticking’

4'6" wide 45lbs SI 5.

  In two parts 6 Oo extra
     Dust proof,
     satin finish ticking.
     SI 50 more.
     Mercerized
     French Art Twills.
     S?.00 more.

In answering miy advertisement oil this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Edison!>

 The latest style Edison Phonograph in
 our grand new outfit—this superb en-
 tertainer, Mr. Edison’s latest, final im-
 provement of phonograph, shipped

    , FREEI I don’t ask a cent of your money—I don't want
 keep the phonograph—I just want to give it to you on
 loan—then you may return it at my own expense.

Read the Offer:

                 I will ship you free this grand new
 out lit. Fireside Model .with one dozen
 Gold Molded and Araberol records.
 You do not have to pay me a cent C. O. D. or sign any
 leases or mortgages. I want you to get this free outfit—
 the masterpiece of Mr. Edison’s skill—in your home. I
 want you to see and hear Mr. Edison's final and greatest
 improvement in phonographs. I want to convince you of its
 wonderful superiority. Give a free concert; give a free
 minstrel show, music, dances, the old-fashioned hymns, grand
 opera, comic opera—all this I want you to hear free of
 charge—all in your own home—on this free loan offer.

 My Reason for this free loan offer, this extra liberal offer on the finest talking machine ever made—see below.

Mr. Edison Says:

 44 i Want to See a Phonograph
 in Every American Home.”

My

 The phonograph is the result of years of experiment; it is Mr. Edison’s pet and hobby. He realizes fully its value
 as an entertainer and educator, for the phonograph brings the pleasure of the city right to the village and the farm
 home. Now, the new Fireside Edison Phonograph of our New Outfit improved Model, is the latest and greatest improved
 talking machine made by this great inventor. If you have only heard other talking machines before, you cannot
 imagine what beautiful music you can get from our new outfit. We want to convince you ; we want to prove to
 you that this outfit is far, far superior to anything ever heard before. Don't miss this wonderfully liberal offer.

        Doacmt * don’t want you to buy it—I don't ask you to buy anything. But I do feel that if I can
 ilCaSUII send you this great phonograph and convince you of its merits, of its absolute superiority,
 you will be glad to invite your neighbors and friends to your house to iet them hear the
 free concert. Then, perhaps, one or more of your friends will be glad to buy one of these great new outfits. You
 can tell your friends that they can get an Edison Phonograph outfit complete with records for only $2.00 a month—
 $2.00 a month—the easiest possible payment and, at the same time, a rock-bottom price. Perhaps you, yourself
 would want a phonograph, and if you ever intend to get a phonograph now is the chance to get the brand-new and
 most wonderful phonograph ever made, and on a most wonderfully liberal offer. But if neither you nor your friends
 want the machine, that is O. K. I simply want you to have it on a free loan, and perhaps somebody who heard the
 machine vyill buy one later. I am glad to send it on the free loan offer anyway. I will take it as a favor if you will
 send me your name and address so I can send you the catalog. Then you can decide whether you want the free loan.
 There are no strings on this offer, absolutely none. It is a free loan, that is all. I ask not for one cent of your money.

I only say if any of your people want to buy a phonograph, they may get one for $2.00 a month, if they want it. '

want every	,«y

                                                                                   responsible

 household in the country, every man who wants to see his home cheerful and his family entertained, every a	<$•

 good father, every good husband, to write and get these free concerts for his home. Remember, the	^ -;p£.

Now, remember, nobody asks for a cent of your money J{

 loan is absolutely free from us, and we do not even charge you anything C. O. D.

 Write Today
 for thl» in-
 teresting
 catalog /y,

FREE

Write for FREE Edison Catalog

\ ...... .... . ▼

  In this catalog you will find acomplete list of music
  and vaudeville entertainments. Get this catalog
  at once, then you can decide whether or uot
  you want a free loan and when you want it. You can	^

        also decide jnst the music you want. Remember,

mi+

 I will appreciate it as a favor if you will give _	.S’

 lust

 sign and
 mail the cou-
 pon at the right
 and got this FREE ’
 catalog. Write today ~

me the opportunity of sending you this lat-	^ c, e

est style machine — the climax of Mr.	<s • cs.

   Edison's skill—on this free loan offer. Sign	a? Vip

the coupon today. Do it right now.	“ <>%P^

            * *

  FIf D1DCAU F.«H»onl*honocrriph Distributors
  ■ Ka DADOUIV Dopt. 110‘JKdUonltlk..Chicago

 Western Office; 65 Post Street. San Francisco.CaL
 Canadian Office; 355 Portage Ave., Winnipeg, Can.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Toe Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

   The question of food concerns the world
 more vitally and more often than any other,
 and on our selection of food depends largelj
 our health, happiness and success. A sane,
 wholesome meal is often spoiled by an
 unwholesome, indigestible dessert, so
 that when

Minute Tapioca

 was put upon the market, providing both an arti-
 cle of exceptionally high food value and at the
 same time a most delicious dessert preparation, the
 market was wide open for it. It became a popular
 favorite at once and has grown in favor ever since.

   The value of tapioca has long been known, but
 its use was limited because of the long soaking and
 slow cooking required. In Minute Tapioca we pre-
 serve every bit of its original food value, but pre-
 pare it in such a way that it requires no soaking, is
 quickly cooked and is never soggy or gummy, but
 always light and delicious.

      Sample Free. Enough to Make One Pint
 A full size package makes 6 quarts of dessert. The Minute Man
 Cook Book sent free with sample gives 25 splendid tested rec-
 ipes for its use. Ask your grocer for it. If he hasn’t it, send his
 natue for the generous sample and Minute Man Cook Book Free

MINUTE TAPIOCA CO., 623 West Main St., Orange, Mass

                       for Whooping Cough,
                       Croup, Asthma,
                       Sore Throat, Coughs,
                       Bronchitis, Colds,

 “Used while you sleep." Diphtheria, Catarrh.

 A simple, safe and effective treatment avoiding
 drugs.

 Vaporized Cresolene stops the paroxysms of
 Whooping Cough and relieves Croup at- once.

 It is a boon to sufferers from Asthma.

The air rendered strongly antiseptic, inspired with
•eathi:

 every breath, makes breathing easy, soothes the sore
 throat and stops the cough, assuring restful nights.

 Cresolene relieves the bronchial complications of
 Scarlet Fever and Measles and is a valuable aid in the

 treatment of Diphtheria.

 Cresolene’s best recommendation is its 30 years of
 successful use. Send us postal for Descriptive Booklet.

For Sale by All Druggists

 Try Cresolene Antiseptic Throat Tablets for the
 irritated throat, composed of slipperyelm bark, licorice,
 sugar and Cresolene. They can t harm you. Of your
 druggist or from us, 10c. in stamps.

 THE VAPO-CRESOLENE CO., 62 Cortlandt St.,New York

or Lceming-Miles Building, Montreal, Canada

                  EVEX if you never sold a
                  dollar's worth of goods in
                  your life, make $5 to $10 a
                  day— selling our made-to-
                  order suits and pants.

This Is Your Chance to Make Money.

                  We sell suits from $3 to $10 less
                  than other houses, give better
                  tailoring, make better fitting
                  clothes, with absolute guarantee.
                  You can undersell others: no
                  work to take orders for us. You
                  can not fail—our line is the only
                  line where you can give satis-
                  faction or money refunded. It
                  is a snap to sell Kegal Tailoring.

               BIG MONEY—EASY WORK.

                  We start you Free. Send for sam-
ples now. We will back you with
our capital and experience—you
do not need money—we will in-
struct you and you can com-
mence making money at once.
Send us your name and address
now and an outfit larger than all others with newest
samples, large fashion plate, tape measure and
everything necessary will be sent you Free.

You Can Get Your Own Clothes At Inside Price

to advertise us. Write today and receive exclusive
territory. If not interest) d show it to your friends
as this is too good a tiling to miss. The biggest
chance to make money.

   REGAL TAILORING COMPANY
191 Market Street, Dept. 504,	CHICAGO

We use tlie I'nioii Label on all our garments.

hi answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Rtpjif Supply Depirlinrnt
NEWARK, ft. i

 30235

          Should any fl>(ure such at Min0os. Boru, Corner*. Clamoa or any Maui
          Trtmmlno, either instdo or ouUMe. Break or laar off. wrttm to REPAIR
          t OEPARTMENTformotofial reQulred,ol«l«o GUARANTEE NUM.

          ■ BER and wowtu forward doollcolo oortawHhout charge. ,

If you buy a Irunlc before seeing the G & S NEVERBREAK
you'll make a mistake that you'll ccrtainly regret.

$13,245 IN 110 DAYS

$30,000 in 9 Months

Amount of orders from R. V. Zimmerman. Ind..

farmer {.address lit on request), for our

NEW INVENTION

First experience as an agent. M. Stoneman. Nebr.,
artist (address upon request)- stare time orders total

OVER* ^IS,000-00

One order exceeds $ 6,ooo. “Best thing ever
sold. Not one complaint from 2,000 customers.”
C. A. Korstad. Minn. taddress upon request).

Orders $2,212 Worth in Two Weeks

Hundreds enjoying similar prosperity. Agents break-
ing all records—actually getting rich. Let us re-
fer you to 10 more whose total orders ex-
ceed $51,000; to hundreds like O. Schleicher,
Ohio (minister),
whose first 12 hours
work sold 30 outfits
(profit $81.90). A.
Wilson. Ky., who or-
dered $4,000 worth
and sold 102 in 14
days' profit $278.40 ).
J. Hart,Texas,$5,000
worth and sold 16 in 3 hours (profit $43.68). Reese, Fa. (car-
penter), solicited 60 people—sold 55. Reader, these results possible
for you, at home or travelling, as exclusive agent for Allen’s
Wonderful Bath Apparatus. New, powerful, irresistible. Truly
wonderful I Gives every home a modern bathroom for only
$6.50. Abolishes tubs, bowls, buckets, wash rags, sponges. Supplies
hot or cold water in any room. No plumbing, no water works,
self-heating, makes bathing 5 minute operation. Easily carried from
room to room. Child operates easily. Means no more cold rooms, drudg-
ery, lugging water, filling tubs, emptying, cleaning, putting away. No
wonder agents without previous experience make small for-
tunes, buy homes, have an automobile, bank account. Aver-
age 8 orders to every 10 families. Fascinating, dignified, exciting work.

, r ,. . ., . t	to active aRent*. Don’t hesitnte—

rree oarnple, Lredit, Liberal 1 erms business supplies capital, investi-
gate l»j all means. Address postal today for full details—decide afterwards.

ALLEN MFG. CO., 316.1 Allen Bldg., TOLEDO, O.

Sectional

 View

\^\T\T

> SEC1

SECTIONAL MM*

FURNITURE

§>

LESS THAN WHOLESALE prices—less because we
sell for cash only, cutting: out bad debt losses, exor-
bitant installment charges and bookkeeping costs.
LESS because we save you ALL the dealer's profits
and expenses, store rents, salesmen’s wages. LESS
again because we sell only from our factory
“ DIRECT” to YOU. STILL LESS because we ship
in SECTIONS, cutting freight charges in half and
saving expensive packing.

This $25 Solid Oak Mission Library Suife$l 1.75

Completely Finished in Golden or Weathered 11

Three splendid chair.-, correctly designed, special “BOSTON
LEATHER" nests, mid a handy, substantial desk with large
drawer, slilpiteil In seettnus, all in one box. ready to Bet up In a
few nilnntes, on DKLIM1TED APPROVAL, *11.75.

YOUR MONEY BACK any time you are not perfectly
satisfied that yon have a good $25 worth. Order from
this adv. to-day for prompt shipment.

Catalogue of a score of other astonishing values sent with
every order or mailed free. Write for it.

THE rD!RECTE» FURNITURE CO.

208 Oak Street	Ann Arbor, Mich.

Why You Should Buy a
G & S NEVERBREAK Trunk

Here is a Facsimile of the Guarantee Certificate Furnished by the
TRAVELERS* CASUALTY COMPANY, of Newark,
N. J., a copy of which is permanently attached to each G & S
NEVERBREAK TRUNK, and backed by ihe largest manu-
facturers of trunks in the world.

 G & S NEVERBREAK Trunks are sold at $7.00, $10.00,
 $12.00, $15.00, $20.00 up to $50.00.

 The guarantee on our $7.00 G ftc S NEVERBREAK Trunk
 is just as binding and absolute as the guarantee on our $50 trunk.

     This Trade-mark on Every G & S Neverbreak

„ ^	Quality talks.

                                               Insist on securing a
                                               G & S Never-

w breakTrunk.
         Itfc.---^ — - « f Look for the trade-
         mark. Be sure that
         the trunk you buy
         has it on. Our
         faith in our trunks
         is proven in the
         liberal guarantee.
         G & S Never-

__________break Trunks are

                                               so carefully and so
                thoroughly put to-
                '<#50^	gether that they are

Bound to Wear.

 Send us the name of your Trunk Dealer and we will
 mail you Illustrated Catalogue and Price List, to-
 gether with unique Celluloid NEVERBREAK Pocket
 Memo.

 Mr. Dealer, try out the selling qualities of this euccessful line —
 now—you can establish a satisfactory business. Write to-day for

       y<

 a supply of Trunks, subject to approval

L. GOLDSMITH & SON

 47 Cherry Street

 Newark, N. J.

 Largest exclusive trunk factory in the world. Estab. 1869.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

DON’T SHOUT” A

" I hi»»r vaii I ran Kr-;<r now as well as	■!

 I hear you. I can Hear now as well ai

. anybody. 'How?' Oh. some- ^

     /J thing new—THE MORLEY
     ■J PHONE. I’ve a pair in my ears
     |B> now, but they are invisible. 1 would
     not know I had them in, myielf,
     only that I hear all right.'’
     |£ai£fc.\ The Morley Phone (

SCARVES

        Medal Awarded for Quality,
           Style and Workmanship
           at the Paris Exposition

W Worn by the Best Dressers
A Sold in the Best Shops

m A50LID51LK SGARF will ;ie better, look
better, wear better, than any that

■	is not 50LIDSILK. It is worth more,
but costs you no more. “50LID5IIK
on the label (look for it) leaves no
n room for doubt.

        50 plain shades, black, white, and a beautiful
WK/L assortment of fancy silks.

              I* <uir-in ■ Hands. 50 cents and $1.00. Bat
              Ties, 50 cents. Send for illustrated color
              card rf our fifty plain shades in Record
              62-t Quality Rej* and Barathea*. It's free.
              If you can't get Auerbach’s 50JJD5ILK
              ® \ SCARVES in your town, send price and
              write description of the scarf you want,
              and we will send it postpaid, to be re-
              turned for your money if you don’t like it.

LOUIS AUERBACH

4—846 Broadway	New York

  \ l J	makes low sounds and whis-

           I * «	Pers plainly heard. Invisible.

          i W,	comfortable, weightless and

                              harmless. Anyone can adjust
it. Over one hundred thousand sold. Write for booklet and testimonials.
THE MORLEY CO., Dept. 721, Perry Bldg., Phila.

             I will teach you the business by mail and appoint you
             my Special Representative. One of my representa-
             tives mado WOO. in one month, another 82400. in about
             two months, and another 85246. in eight months. I han-
             dle Real Estate on the co-operative plan and need you
             no matter where you are located. This Is a splendid
             opportunity for men without capital to become inde-
             pendent. Send for my offer and BIG FREE BOOK.

           H.	D. HURD. 228 Dwight Bldg.. Kansas City,Mo.

TirU’C Garden
f 1 vK lJ and Floral

For 19111

Tells all that is worth knowing about Vegetable, Flower
and Farm Seeds. Plants, B'-rries, Fruit and Orna-
mental Trees. You need the Guide to make your
garden or farm a success. A copy is ready for you.
Send for it to-day. It is free.

JAMES VICK’S SONS. 305 Main St.. Rochester. N. Y.

GUIDE

                      Looks like a diamond—wears like a d*amon<i—
                    brilliancy guaranteed forever—stand* filing and
                    fire like a diamond—ha* no paste, foil or artincial
                    Imckins. Set only in Hk. solid gold mountings.
                    l-20th t lie co*t of diamonds. A marvelously recon-
                    structed gem. Not an Imitation. Guaranteed to
                    contain n«> -ilass. Sent on approval. Write for
                    catalog. It's free.

Remoh Jewelry Co. 549 N. Bdway, St. Louis
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Sent

 This
hand-
some rocker
will be seut
at once to
your o w 11
home merely
on receipt of
first payment—
50c. If not the
greatest value
you ever saw
return and get
your 50c. back.
If you like it,
pay

Balance 50c a Month

  Rocker is exactly like cut shown
above. Beautifully made of specially
selected quarter-sawed oak, polished
to high piano finish, strongest coil
springs to make it comfortable as well
as durable, and seat richly upholstered
in genuine Nantucket leather. Price
$4.69—sent to you 011 receipt of 50c
cash—balance payable 50c a mouth.

Direct - From - Factory Prices
On Complete Home Furnishings

   We operate 22 big retail stores in the larger cities
and have furnished 800.000 homes. All the style,
distinction and elegance which marks the best city
homes is yours, ou terms to suit your convenience.
And the prices we quote are so low that only our
tremeudous business and the fact that we control
our own factories make them possible.

FREE

   '' Everything for the Home,” a big
300-page book, illustrating the
latest styles in home furnishings,
sent absolutely free. Shows you how
you can furnish your home in a way
that will be your pride and the ad-
miration of your friends—and do it on
our liberal open-account credit plan
on payments that you won’t miss.

   Write today for your free copy—
no home-lover can afford to be
without it.

HARTMAN

FURNITURE & CARPET CO.

206 S Wabash Av., Chicago, 111.

Largest, oldest and best known home-furnishing
concern In the world.

lCstubllKbed 1855—50 years of success.

22 Great Stores — 800.000 Customers.

And Make It

  You have no right to be sick. No mat-
ter what ails you—even if others have told you
your case was Incurable DON’T GIVE UP HOPE.

The great natural forces. Vibration and Electricity.

are relieving hundreds of people who have found no sat-
isfaction in drugs.

The White Cross

Electric Vibrator

                 gives you your choice of Vibration, Far-
                 adie and Galvanic Electricity, either
                 separately or in combination, just as

                     you wish. It relieves pain and brings
                     grateful letters from happy patients.
                     The White Cross Electric Vi-
                     brator gets at tlie cause of dis-
                     ease. It sends the rich blood
                     leaping and coursing through your
                     /veins and arteries straight to
                     where the disease begins. It
                     tones up your nerves, muscles and

                        \ every vital organ. It makes you- fairly
                        \ tingle with the joy ol living.

iFREE Book

Health and Beauty

  Vibration for the Racking
  Backache of Women.

                            Send TODAY for the magnificent free
book, “Health and Beauty.” Thisvaluahle
work tells you all about
the human body in health
and disease. It tells you
how you can get well and keep well, no mattei what
your trouble is. Besides, this book tells you all about
the wonderful White Cross Electric Vibrator—It
tells you about the very special offers which we are
making for just a short time, and how you can get a
White Cross Electric Vibrator on a genuine free
trial. Your name and address brings this intensely interesting bcok
by return mail. Sign the coupon and mail it to us at once.

-V

/ fM-

  DON'T DELAY A MINUTE. Whether o
you are sick or well, you should send lor -O >>
this book anyway. Leant how you can S? cV*
save on drug bills and treat yourself V «•»
right at home without expense.	a/	.*

Send coupon today

for Free Book

 Send No Money,

   Just your name and address on
   the coupon. But write today.

 LINDSTROM,
 SMITH CO. /

  253 La Salle St., V

  Dept. 1102. y

  CHICAGO

In ansirerivg any advertisement on this page it Is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

i and a thousand others have secured good
It positions as Traveling Salesmen through
■ our Free Employment Bureau recently,
3k and earn from $1,000 to $5,000
a year. There are hundreds of other
such positions now open. No exper-
ience needed to get one of them. We
yh' will assist you to secure a position
IB' where you can get Practical Exper-
li, ience as a Salesman, and earn $100 a
[ I month or more, whileyou are learning.
11 Write today for our free book, "A
J Knight of the Grip," and list of good
^ openings, also testimonials from
v hundreds of men we have recently
placed in good positions. Address
nearest office.

Dept. 103 National Salesmen’s Training Ass'n.
Chicago New York Kansas City Seattle New Orleans

                attend no school till you hear from me. Largest school
                in the world, employing the advanced natural method for

  )>	the cure of stammering, stuttering, etc. No sing-songing

  or time-beating. If let run, stammering will wreck your
  , life's happiness and handicap your endeavors. T cured
  myself and thousands of others by my method and can cure
  I you. Beautiful 88 page book and Special Rate sent FRF.E.
  Lee Wells Millard. Pres., Norlh-Wesfern School for Stammerers, Inc. 939 First SI.. Miiw3ul.ee, Wls.

  I won the World s First Prize for best course in Pen-
  manship. Under my guidance you can become an expert
  penman. Am placing many of my students as instructors
  In commercial college* at high siilarle*. If you'wish to become
  a letter penman, write me. I will nend you Free one of my
  Favorite pons ami a copy of the Ransomarlan Journal.

C. W. RANSOM. 703 Reliance Building, Kansas City. Mo.

n
ft- p

tak-V

Full Size pieces •
Half Size pieces •

2tband5Lb Boxes!
2 Lb Boxes only J

fB/ue Labe/)
(tied Labe/)

             IGNORANCE of tlie laws
             of self and sex will not
             excuse infraction of Nature’s
             decree. The knowledge vi-
             tal to

       A Happy
       Marriage

          has been collected from the experi-
  ence of the ages, in

 Sexology

                        (Illustra ted)

  By William II. Wall ing, A. If., M. D.

  It contains in one volume :

       Knowledge a Young Man Should Have.

       Knowledge a Young Husband Should Have.
       Knowledge a Father Should Have.

       Knowledge a Father Should lmpari to His Son.
  Medicai Knowledge a Husband Should Have.
  Knowledge a Young Woman Should Have.

  Knowledge a Young Wife Should Have.

  Knowledge a Mother Should Have.

  Knowledge a Mother Should Impart lo Her Daughter.
  Medical Knowledge a Wife Should Have.

  “Sexology” is endorsed and is in the libraries of the
  heads of our government and the most eminent physicians,
  preacher:, professors and lawyers throughout the country.

        All in one volume, illustrated, $2, postpaid.

  Write for “ Other People’s Opinions ” and Table of Contents.

  Puritan Pub. Co., 739 Perry Bldg., Phila., Pa.

S MAN

If I Will Agree

To Get You A Position
Paying Good Wages

 When You Graduate From My School ol

Telegraphy

Will You Come?

   My graduates are
 given immediate
 employment by
 Railroads, Tele- •
 graph and Wireless

Geo. M.
Dodge, Pres.
Dodge’s Institute of Telegraphy
Valparaiso, led.

Companies, because my
 school is recognized as the only one graduating
 thoroughly practical operators. Demand ex-
 ceeds supply. If you want

Good Wages, Easy Work
and a Bright Future

write today. I offer you advantages unequaled anywhere

   1.	Oldest, Largest and most Successful Telegraph
 School in the World. 2, Expert Instructors. 3. Best
 Equipment—(we occupy exclusively two large modern
 buildings witli R. R. Train and Western Union wires and
 complete wireless station installed). 4. Low Rates. 5. Easy
 payments. 6. Living expenses earned while learning. Cor-
 respondence courses if desired. Netu Course in Railway
 A ccounting makes my graduates proficient station agents.
 May be taken alone if aesired. Write me today for illus-
 trated descriptive catalog and interesting testimonials.
 -GEO. M. DODGE, Pres.--

DODGE INSTITUTE OF TELEGRAPHY, ArE-

 VALPARAISO, IND.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 vouvn

vol-U vol. in •	vouor

zscom cas escrvt*	iDcowjrro

  WWCATOR5 <U3 PRQPL'C^	1® aSEaH

  ruve OAIO AUTOMODIU*	gBBLSO*

  nuvrroae Jwrnaiwoo	mwoss

 youv voi.vj

  OfCTRjen'

UOHTJHO

wwvo

lNBtf

      Special Books
     For the Engineer
     -Special Price

   Every Engineer must read if lie would progress
 —the biggest men in the field can’t go around tell-
 ing what they know—but they can write it. And you
 can read it—in our New Cyclopedia of Engineering
 —the most valuable set of books on this subject
 ever offered to Engineers. This Cyclopedia has
 just been revised—this issue came from the press
 only a few days ago.

   As you will see from the synopsis below, these books
 cover every subject you are likely to meet in practical
 engineering. They are interestingly written by well-
 known authorities and are not only valuable for study-
 ing, but also as permanent reference books.

    The seven books contain 3.200 pages, size 7.\10 inches,
  and over 2,500 illusirations, full page plates, diagrams,
  etc. The regular price of these books is }36.00. but as a
  special introductory offer we have put the price at jlH.80.

$2.00 Down $2.00 a Month

    This price and these terms make it easy for any engineer to
  secure the valuable set of books. Read the brief description
  below and see what y«>u will get when you mail the coupon.

Our Protective Guarantee

    Send for the Cyclopedia of Engineering, examine it carefully
  and if, at the end of five days, you see that }<>u need it, send us
  your first 52.00 and £2.<»o each month thcreafw-r until the
  total. $18.80, has been paid li the books are not satisfactory,
  —don', send us a cent-we will pay all charges. Usethu coupon.

-READ THIS SYNOPSIS-

  Construction of Boilers — Boiler Accessories — Fuel Economizers —
  Mechanical Stokers- Steam Pumps — Steam Engines — Indicalors--

  Vnlve (Jours—Steam Turbines Ibis anil Oil Engines—-Enels- Vulomo-
  biles—Carbureters—Locomotive Hollers anil Engln6>**The Air Krake
  —Slnsle-Phanc Electric Hallway— Elevators— Marine Itoilcrs ,'larine
  Engines — Heating anil Ventilating — Compressed Air -Transmission—
  Absorption and Compression Hefrigeration — Ammonia Machines —
  Direct Current Dynamos ami Jlotors— Management of Dynamos anil
  Motortt--Electric Wiring—Electric Lighting, etc.

  For a short time we will include, as a monthly supplement, for
one year, the TECHNICAL WORLI > MAGAZINE. This
is a regular $1.50 monthly, full ol Twentieth Century Scientific
facts, written in popular form. Also contains the latest discus-
sion on timely topics in invention, discovery, industry, etc.

FREE EXAMINATION COUPON

American School of Correspondence

CHICAGO. V. S. A.

Please sen.I Bet Cyclopedia of Engineering for r. days' free examination.
Also Techi leal World Tot 1 year. I will Ken.I $2.00 within'5 days and
$2.oo a month until I have puld $18.8ii; or notify you to send for the
book.-. Title not to pass until fully paid.	U.K. Man’s, 2-'ll

Too Much Florida
Land has been sold

 to people who have never seen it. Write
 Brooksville Board of Trade for BOOK OF
 FACTS, describing different kinds of Florida
 soil. We have no land to sell, but want set-
 tlers and investors to develop richest district
 in Florida, according to State Dept, of Agri-
 culture; not pine land, not sand, but high
 and rolling with rich dark top soil and clay
 subsoil. No fertilizer, irrigation or drainage
 necessary. Raises 80 bu. corn per acre. Best
 for citrus fruits, truck and staple crops. An
 industrious man, with $500 to $1,000 capital,
 can be independent here, 300 ft. above sea ; no
 swamps or marshes. Ideal climate, schools,
 churches, towns, good roads, all conveni-
 ences. Home seekers and investors please
 investigate. We need you and will help you.

BOARD OF TRADE

(Box 84)	Brooksville, Florida

TT WOULD COST more
than $17,000 to send a
post-card to the 1,700,000
and more homes that read
“The Munsey Magazines”
every month.

  Advertisers who know are
using this short-cut

Classified Advertising

                     Hate per Line
Mnnsey's Magazine	$2.50

The Scrap Book	-

The Argosy	$1.50	Special

The All-Story Magazine	1.00 Combination

l ue Railroad Man's Magazine .75	Rate

The Cavalier	.60	$5.50

                                  $6.25

Minimum 4 lines; Maximum 12 lines. Ten per cent
discount for six consecutive Insertions.

The Frank A. Munsey Company

175 Fifth Avenue, New York

NAME.

ADDRESS

OCCUPATION

EMPLOYER

In answering any advertisement on thin page it is desirable that you mention Tub Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

A Damp Cloth Is Your Laundry

Be certain of always having a clean, smartly
styled collar by wearing a LITHOLIN. The
most practical for work or play. Permanently
clean. Will not spot, fray or discolor. The col-
lar you have always worn—only waterproofed.

Litholin Waterproofed Collars

Carefully designed and expertly finished. Worn
and endorsed by men in every walk of life.

Collars 25c Each	Cuffs 50c a Pair

At your dealer's, or by mail on receipt of price.

Write for booklet

FIBERLOID CO.

7 & 9 Waverly Place
New York

          VALLEY GEMS

                                          IMPORTED
                                          from FRANCE

             SEE THEM BEFORE PAYING!

 These Gems are-chemical white sapphires.
 Can’t be told Irom diamonds except by an
 expert. Stand acid and fire diamond tests,
 hard they can’t be filed and will cut glass. Bril-
 liancy guaranteed25 years. All mounted in 14K solid
 gold diamond mountings, will send you any style ring, pin
 or stud on approval—all charges prepaid—no money in advance.
 (Lr Writ* for Free Illustrated booklet, special prlct*R and riojr measure.

WHITE VALLEY GEM CO.. 704 Sab Bldg.. Indianapolis. Ind.

The Story of an Extraordinary
Advertising Service

       is the name of an inleresting booklet we would like to send
       to every manufacturer and every business man who is
       not now taking advantage of the best-selling force in the
       advertising field to-day.

      We can suggest a solution of the problem of national
 distribution, with the jobber, the retailer, or the consumer;
 we can help the manufacturer to develop his business
 along entirely new lines.

 A postal brings full details of this service,
 and tell us what we can do for you.

 Write to-day.

The Frank A. Munsey Company

 175 Fifth Avenue. New York

                      S at 1/40 the cosl-lN SOLID GOLD BINGS

                         Stand acid test and expert examination. Wa
                         guarantee them. See them first—then par.
                         Special Offer — 14k’Tiffany ringlet. $5.98.

                          \ Gents rinc 1 et. *6.98. 14k Stud 1 ct. *4.86. Sent
 In o n. for inspection. Catalog FREE. Ebons
 IDIAFVION DSl ful1 line'	rinff saneeinclnded. 10c. The

                          Baroda Co.. Dept. A12 I.eland It DoTerSt.. Chicago

 -------r r----

PRJCE lO CENTS = BY THE YCivK <

THE

SCRAP

BGDK

WILL JESSE POMEROY

America's Moat Notorious Priioner

REGAIN HIS LIBERTY? |

ONE COMriXTE NOVEL
MANY SPECIAL AimCLES. THREE SERIALS, AND
FJCHT SHORT STORIES

JAN UA RV

UNTIL, you have read
The Scrap Book you
cannot fully appreciate
how engrossing, how interesting
a publication of this kind can
be made.

   At ten cents a copy it pro-
vides a fund ot entertainment
month by month that can
hardly be duplicated short of a
shelf-full of miscellanies.

ALL NEWSDEALERS

In answering any advertisement on this pa<je it is desirable that you mention The Railroau Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 Buys a Fruit or Truck Farm in Florida That
 May MaKe You a Fortune Right from the Start

              We offer you at the rock-bottom price per acre a small farm of from ten to
              forty acres on one of the richest tracts of land in Florida. This tract is loca-
              ted only a few miles from Tampa, and is crossed by three railroads. Trans-
              portation facilities and the comforts and conveniences of a big cit}' are thus
              almost at your door.

                 You can have a money-making farm 011 this land for the remarkably
             low terms of $1.00 an acre per month, which is the same as only three and
             one-third cents per day.

  If you could but see this land we are offering,
we know that you would eventually want to own
one of our small farms. YOU DO NOT NEED
MORE THAN TEN ACRES OF THIS LAND
TO MAKE A FAIR PROFIT AND ACCUMU-
LATE A BIG BANK ACCOUNT.

  The soil on our tract is remarkably fertile. Almost
every kind of produce can be raised. Vegetables will
grow between the rows of fruit trees, so that almost
every square foot of ground may be cultivated.

  The climate of Hillsboro County, in which both
Tampa and North Tampa are located, is almost per-
fect. Temperature variations from winter to summer
are less near Tampa than at most other Florida
points. One of the greatest testimonials to the ex-
cellence of the climate of Hillsboro County is that the
American Medical Society selected this county out of
all America as the site of the organization’s proposed
Health City.

  Climate and soil combine lo produce crops at just
the time northern markets are demanding them as
winter luxuries. This means higher prices and more
profit.

  Every day we receive letters from people who
have personally investigated our lands. This
was recently written by Mr. L. S. Meyer, 5914
Winchester Ave., Chicago:

       "I have just returned from an extensive
     trip through Florida, and am convinced
     that your tract is the very best that it is
     possible to buy.

       "While on the property I investigated
     especially the farms of Mr. E. W. Bearss.

      What Mr. Bearss is doing is a revelation to
      me, and proves conclusively that immense
      crops of vegetables and fruit can be raised
      on this land when properly developed.

     “I am simply astonished at the possibili-
     ties of this country, the health and pros-
     perity that await h'omeseekers here. The
     fact is YOU CAN LIVE LIKE A PRINCE IN
     FLORIDA on the same amount of laborthat
     would afford only a bare living elsewhere.

     “It is my intention to move my family
     onto my land in your North Tampa tract
     within the next few months and immedi-
     ately develop the same.” (Signed)

                           L. S. MEYER.

  The advantages of being located near a big metro-
politan city like Tampa can hardly be overestimated.
Tampa is now the metropolis of southern Florida. It
is already the second largest city in the state and its
population is going up by leaps and bounds. Though
a comparatively young city, it already boasts of indus-
tries whose annual payroll is nineteen million dollars!

  You see, then, that there are many reasons why
you should invest in a Florida farm on our tract. Our
land lies high and dry, while the natural water supply
is just enough to keep it properly moist.

  These are no idle claims we make for our lands. We
guarantee to prove every single statement.

         WRITE FOR FREE BOOK
Send a postal today.and we will forward
you our BIG, FREE ILLUSTRATED
BOOK, containing all the proof you
need. It proves every claim we

have made.and is fully illustra-	vadth TlMPt

ted from photographs actually	NUItm

made on the ground. Twenty	» * *jn

pages of read ingand ill us-	Ii/tlw l/V.

;rX^Vr,!i.'v,^ke > 558 Commercia. NaflBk. Bldg.,

quainted as though ^	Chicago,

you had personaUy

visited North	please send without any expense or

  Obligation to me your FREE ILLUSTRATED
BOOK about your North Tampa Land.

NAME....................................................

ADDRESS...................................................

..................... STATE..............

u

 SBilU THE
 rot ton.

 CITY

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that //on mention Tub Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

         Are You Reading

The Kingdoms of the World

          By Lloyd Osbourne

                         in

 Munsey’s Magazine

    Picture a steamer plowing through the South Pacific, her
    hold a blazing furnace, smoke pouring through hatches, and
    her bow plates hissing hot with every sea that comes aboard
    —and you have the start of one of the most engrossing stories
    of the South Seas since the day of Robert Louis Stevenson.
    Lloyd Osbourne is Stevenson's stepson, and spent years
    with the master in his lonely Samoan retreat, collaborating
    in the authorship of “ The Wrecker,” “The Ebb-Tide,’’ and
    other romances. Under the spell of those dreamy Vailima
    days he absorbed that atmosphere of romance that gave to
    a delighted world “Treasure Island,” “Kidnapped,” and a
    dozen other tales that blazed a new trail of enjoyment in
    the realm of fancy. In “The Kingdoms of the World ” we
    have the touch of Stevenson himself; it is one of the most
    notable fiction features announced by a magazine in many
    months.

 “The Kingdoms of the World”

   begins in the January Munsey. Get the issue at once
   from your newsdealer, or send direct to the publishers for
   a copy.

  Munsey’s Magazine

  $1.00 a Year	10 Cents a Copy

         THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY

                            175 Fifth Avenue, New York
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

WHILE Pompeian Massage Cream is used in several million homes by both
husband and wife, yet in some homes men still think it is a woman’s face
cream, and again, women think it is a man’s cream. Pompeian is for both,
just as much as soap fs for both. But Pompeian cleanses, refreshes, improves and
invigorates the skin as no soap possibly can. There is no logical reason why either
man or woman should have the cleaner or more wholesome, skin.

    We are all judged largely on first and general appearances—yes, judged before we speak.
Comparatively few people come to know our inner selves. Hence the value of appearance; hence
the necessity of a fresh, healthy, wholesome skin. Such a complexion is in itself a good introduction
for man or woman into either social or business circles.

    You are judged before you speak! “Don’t envy a good complexion; use Pompeian and have one.”

f§\ POMPEIAN MSe (?')

    Don't confuse Pompeian with "cold" or grease creams. Pompeian Wgj
I I ; • I Massage Cream isentirely different in purpose, useand results. Pompeian I	:

j . I "rolls” out o! the pores, bringing the hidden dirt with it. It is this rolling- \

\V i jy out feature which makes Pompeian Massage Cream entirely different from \/MSb /
/y "cold’’ or grease creams, which stay in the pores. Use cold creams for x	/

cold cream uses, but when you want a cleansing massage cream insist on
Pompeian. At all dealers.

.Trial Jar and Art Picture, both sent for 10c. (stamps or coin)
for Postage and Packing

SlV-L For years you have heard of Pompeian’s
merits and benefits. To get you to act now
\ we will send a “Pompeian Beauty” Art
U	J Picture, in exquisite colors,

WiSc£?»[<>/ with each trial jar. This is a
'LJW rare offer. This “Pompeian
-3 Beauty” is very expensive
All dealers and immensely popular. Clip
SOc, 75c and $1 coupon now.

        Cut along this line, fill in and mail today

The Pompeian Mfg. Co.

171 Prospect St., Cleveland, O.

Gentlemen:—Enclosed find 10c. (stamps or coin),
for postage and packing, for which please send me
a trial jar of Pompeian and a "Pompeian Beauty”
Art Picture.

In answering litis ailvrrtisi went it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
I ll E RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Best
Sweet

for

Children

^PHE CRAVING of your child for sweets is not abnor-
mal. It is nature’s call for the necessary “fuel^food”
to build up the thriving child.

    Simple food flavored and sweetened with a pure syrup
is nourishing, satisfying and easily digested.

 Towle’s Log Cabin

  The Pioneer Maple Syrup

  Full Measure—Full Quality—Full Flavor

 By its purity and deliciousness delights the whole family.

        Don’t confine its uses to the breakfast table, for it adds a new flavor to desserts,
        ices, sherbets, candy, cake, puddings, pies, sauces, muffins, waffles, cold and
        hot drinks and preserves.

       We have an attractive book “From Camp to Table,” which tells of the
       many ways Towle’s Log Cabin can be used and gives thirty-three prize recipes.

              Send For It. It’s Free

                   Every woman should have a copy of this interesting, instructive, and useful book.
                   To every reader of this advertisement who sends us ten cents in coin or in
                   2 cent U. S. stamps, we will mail, postpaid, a beautiful fuU-sized, long-wearing,
                   silver-plated teaspoon as illustrated. No advertising on it.

                     A Souvenir of Towle’s Log Cabin

There

enables

  is a coupon on every can of Log Cabin Syrup, which
  you to secure more of these spoons.

 The Towle Maple Products Co.

 St. Paul, Minn., U. S. A.

Refineries and Offices:

St. Johnsbury, Vt.

In the Virgin Maple Sugar Forest
St. Paul, Minn.

In the Center ot North America
San Francisco, Cal.

Pacific Coast Headquarters

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention THE Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Telephone Etiquette

  Co-operation is the keynote
of telephone success.

  For good service there must
be perfect co-operation be-
tween the party calling, the
party called, and the trained
operator who connects these
two.

  Suggestions for the use of
the telephone may be found in
the directory and are worthy
of study, but the principles of
telephone etiquette are found
in everyday life.

  One who is courteous face
to face should also be courteous

when he bridges distance by
means of the telephone wire.

  He will not knock at the
telephone door and run away,
but will hold himself in readi-
ness to speak as soon as the
door is opened.

  The 100,000 employees of
the Bell system and the
25,000,000 telephone users
constitute the great telephone
democracy.

  The success of the telephone
democracy depends upon the
ability and willingness of each
individual to do his part.

American Telephone and Telegraph Company
          and Associated Companies

One Policy	One System	Universal Service

hi aneirvrtng Hits advertisement it is desirable that you in rut ion Tub Kaii.iioaii .Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

May We Send You Free Samples

             To Prove That You Can Artistically Color and
             Finish Any Kind of Wood About the Home

YOU can produce any desired shade and effect. The expense is slight—the wcrk
easj1 and simple. First apply Johnson’s Wood Dye—made in 14 shades as
listed below. Over the Dye lightly apply Johnson’s Prepared Wax—and you
have a beautiful, rich, subdued finish that will not mar or show scratches.

      Johnson’s Wood Dye must not be confused with colored varnishes or stains which
merely coat the surface of the wood, hiding the natural grain beauty. Johnson’s Wood
Dye is not a mere stain—not merely a surface dressing—it is a deep-seated Dye which
goes to the very heart of the wood and stays there, fixing a rich and permanent color.

Johnson’s Wood Dye

is made in fourteen attractive shades as follows:

No. 126	Light Oak

No 123	Dark Oak

No. 125	Mission Oak No. 130

No. 140	Manilla Oak No. 131

No. 11 o	Dog Oak No. 132

 No. 128 Light Mahogany	No. 121 Moss Green

 No. 12Q Dark Mahogany	No. j22 Forest Green

Weathered Oak	No. 172 Flemish Oak

          Brer,011 Weathered Oak	No. 17S Brecon
          Green Weathered Oak Flemish Oak

Pints, so ccnts each

Johnson’s
Prepared Wax

 dries quickly over
 Dye or any other
 finish so that it may
 be brought to a
 beautiful, dull, ar-
 tistic finish. It
 should be used for
 all woodwork, floors
 and furniture, in-
 cluding pianos
 and is just the
 preparation for
 Mission furni-
 ture.

is not a common varnish—but a thin, elastic spirit preparation
to shellac or ordinary varnish, and is to be used over
Dye where a higher gloss than a wax finish is desired,
drying hard in half an hour. Best preparation for lino-
leum and oilcloth, bringing out the pattern as glossy as
new. Gallons, $2.50—smaller sizes down to half-
pints. Fill out the coupon for free samples and
booklet.

S. C. Johnson & Son, Racine, Wis.

“ The Wood Finishing Authorities "

Johnson’s Under-Lac

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Raii.road Man's Magazine.
    dyes and high perfumes — and is made from
  edible products. We could charge you five
  times the five cents we get for it, and we could
  add nothing to the quality. In higher-priced
  soaps, you are paying for expensive per-
  fumes and fancy labels, not better soap.

    Try Fairy — the handy, floating, oval
v cake — and know true soap luxury.

HavefYouj:
  little ‘Fairyin

THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY
CHICAGO
'Old

(Dutch
Cleanser

       Is UNEQUALED

       For Cleaning

 Enamelware

       Agateware,
       Granvteware,
       Aluminumwafe,
       linvoare, etc.

   Because it quickly and easily removes
       all discolorations, corrosion and
       grease without scratching or injur-
       ing the surface in any way. Soap-
       cleaning leaves a sticky film that
       catches more dirt.

   Moreover. Old Dutch Cleanser is the
       only pure, hygienic cleanser for
       food utensils—it is entirely free
       from caustic acids or alkali.

   Sprinkle Old Dutch Cleanser on a damp
       cloth or brush and go over vessel thor-
       oughly. Rinse well in clean water and
       wipe dry.