    BEGINNING:
“EXTERIOR TO THE EVIDENCE”
By J. S. FLETCHER
THE GREATEST DETECTIVE STORY SINCE THE
APPEARANCE OF SHERLOCK HOLMES
Brings This Seamless, Wool F*
m ^ ^
The Housa of Hartman gives you the opportunity of a lifetime
 to Ret thiBmagnificent,Beamle6B. wool face, tapeairy Brussels ruKOntheeaaiest
 term* and ot a smashed price. Only$l tosendhowand we ship the rug. Use it
 30daya cn FreeTrial.then if not Batiefied, return it and we refund the$l and
 pay transportation charges both ways. If youkeep it. take nearly a year to pay.
Bargain Price and Nearly a Year to Pay
     Woven from
 368-Page Sook
 FREE
               Fine Wool Yarns
               SUPERB COLORING
 Oneof the mo«t artisticdeBiKnaevcroffered in b Beam-
 leaa.v.'VslfaceBrusBelsHug'. Closely woven from finest
 wool yarns to give plenty of service. Note also the
 handsome appearance of this rug. You will be de-
 lighted with the colors—tan, brown, green, red and
 blue, blending charmingly into soft, rich shades.
 Elegant Oriental Medallion Pattern
 The pattern is of a rich, oriental effect with a
 medallion center and a pleasing border to match.
 Only by seeing this rug on the floor of your own
 home can you appreciate how elegant and durable it
 is and how it alone will beautify an entire room.
 Try it—at our risk. Send the coupon and $1 today.
 368 pngea— filled with stunning bargains in
  furniture, rugs, linoleum, stoves, ranges,
  silverware, watcheo, dishes, washing
  machines. sewing
  machines, aluminum
  ware, phonographs,
  gas engines, cream
  separators, etc. 30
  days’ free trial and
  small monthly pay*
  monts on everything.
  rout/ll card or letter
  briny* it free.
 "Let Hartman
 Feather YOUR Nest”
Wm
FBr
■ UADTMAN FURNITURE & CARPET CO.
 I nHnilTlHll Dept.4380	Chicago. Illinois
  I Enclosedfindll. SendlheRunNo. 34DMA27. lamtnhavo
  30d«yo'frootrlal. If noKatisAed.wilUbip it hnckandyou
I will rofundmyll and pay trunsportationehareMboth ways
I If lkexpit.l wlllpayBJSneaeh month untilfullpncv.SS6.15.
. Title remains with :*ou until Anal payment i. made.
 Try it—atour risk. Send the coupon and SI today.	— —	1
 OrdcrbyNo.34DMA27.PriceS26.75.Send $1 now.Balance$2.50 monthly. '
HARTMAN Carpet Co. I
 ispai
 Name..
 Street Address.
 R. F. D.......
 Town..
WAi™. Dept. 4380
 Chicago, Illinois
 .Color........... .i
VOL. V
APRIL, 1922
No. 1
A MAGAZINE OF MYSTERY. THRILLS AND SURPRISE
Contents
EXTERIOR TO THE EVIDENCE
(mystery novel in five pans)                                 3   
THE FINGER OF GUILT.....                                     19  
APPEARANCES ARE DECEIVING .       . George B. Jenkins, Jr. . 27  
THE LIGHT THAT LIES.....          . Pettersen Marzoni .      35  
THE TRAP.........                                            41  
THE EXTRA DOZEN EGGS ....         . J. B. Hawley.....        51  
THE MAN WHO WAS TWO . . .         . Harold Ward ....         57  
THE CAMPAIGN FOR VENGEANCE                                   61  
(complete mystery novelette) ....                                
THE BRAND OF CAIN.....            . Ward Sterling .          91  
A TRACK-AND-A-HALF ....           . Walter Deffenbaugh       97  
THE TOO-EASY ALIBI.....           . George Briggs ....       106 
PINK EARS..........               . Murray Leinster ....     113 
HANKENSON’S PERFECT CRIME .       . Ward Sterling . . . .    120 
THE NEW MYSTERY BOOKS . . .       . Capt. Frank Cunningham   124 
F. M. OSBORNE. Editor
A. W. SUTTON, President	P. C. CODY, Vic*?-President and Circulation Director
F. W. WESTLAKE, Secretary and Treasurer
The entire contents of this magazine is protected by copyright and must not be reprinted
Issued monthly by
PRO-DISTRIBUTORS PUBLISHING COMPANY. Inc.
25 West 45th Street. New York, New York
YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION $2.00	SINGLE COPIES 20 CENTS
Western Advertising Office. Wrigley Building, Chicago. III.
Copyright 1932 by	Enured as second class mail matter, March t, 1920, at the Post Office
ro-Distributors Publishing Company, Inc. at New York, N. Y.. under act of March 3. 1879. Printed in U. S. A.
I
'Well, Mars!on," she said softly, “and what’s llic vialter?"—Page 4
  Exterior to the Evidence
(A Detective Novel in Five Parts)
By J. S. Fletcher
Author of “The Middle Temple Murder,” Etc., Etc.
Editor’s Note.
The Black Mask takes pride in presenting herewith wliat it considers
to be not only J. S. Fletcher's masterpiece in mystery writing, but, as well,
the best detective novel that has made its appcarance since the heyday of
Conan Doyle and Sherlock Holmes. Mr. Fletcher, as is well known, is the
greatest living writer of mystery fiction. His earlier novel, ‘‘The Middle
Temple Murder.” made a sensation upon its publication in America. We
confidently believe that “Exterior to the Evidence’’ will duplicate its
success.
CHAPTER I
Youth
AT the extreme height of a
broken and widespreading
moorland a vast mass of dark
rock rose abruptly from the
heather and ling, and on its table-like
crown some man or men had built a
high and tapering cairn of stone.
  A girl sat on a boulder at the foot
of the rocks, on a cloudless afternoon
in the middle of May, looking fixedly
along a narrow sheep-track which ran
towards the sharply defined edge of the
moor. As a figure suddenly showed
itself far off against the sky-line, the
girl’s quick eyes recognised her lover,
and she sprang to her feet and went
forward to meet him.
  “Marslon !—you’re an hour late!” she
called in clear, ringing tones while they
were yet thirty yards apart. “I’ve been
up there at the Pike since two o’clock,
and it’s three now, if it isn't more!”
The boy thus hailed came hurrying
along, panting and out of breath, flung
himself on a cluster of heather, and
pulling out a handkerchief began to mop
his forehead.
  “By George, and so would you have
been late if you’d been in my shoes!”
he exclaimed. “The wonder is that I’m
here at all! There’s been the very deuce
to pay at our place since lunch, and yet,
by George, I don’t know which I’ve
done most of as I came along—lost my
breath with hurrying to get here, or
laughed till my sides ached!”
  The girl stood for a moment looking
thoughtfully at him. He was a well-
knit, handsome, open-faced lad of no
more than twenty or twenty-one in ap-
pearance, though in reality he was al-
ready twenty-three; fair-haired, blue-
eyed, typically English, and bearing all
the signs and marks of fresh air and
outdoor life. She herself was a dark
beauty—the hair that showed under her
hat was black and glossy, the colouring
of her cheeks almost gipsylike. A smile
began to dimple the corners of her full
red lips, and she suddenly laughed
softly as she sat down on the bank
3
4
Exterior to the Evidence
across which the belated lover had
flung himself.
  “Well, Marston,” she said softly,
“and what’s the matter? Nothing
wrong, if you’ve been laughing at it."
  Marston Stanbury sat up and re-
sumed the soft cap which he had thrown
aside in order to mop his forehead. He
glanced approvingly at the girl by his
side, who in her turn gave him an
answering glance of entire contentment.
It was not until he had got his pipe in
full blast that he slipped an arm round
the girl’s waist and gave her what was
intended for a confidential embrace.
  “You’d better prepare yourself for a
pretty big sort of surprise, Letty,” he
announced. “I wouldn’t mind laying my
new gun against any old thing you’ve
got that you couldn’t guess in a
hundred!”
  “Better tell, then,” responded Letty.
“What is it?”
  Marston took his pipe from his teeth
and looked fixedly at his sweetheart.
  “Hold tight!” he said warningly.
“This is it. Sir Cheville’s going to be
married!”
  "Nonsense!”
  “Fact!” declared Marston. “And
jolly soon, too. Next month!”
  “At his age!” exclaimed Letty.
  “Just so!” said Marston. “Seventy-
five last time. Still—a fact!”
  “And—to whom?” asked Letty.
Marston gave her another warning
look.
  “Now you will have to sit tight!” he
replied. “Else you’ll get thrown.
You’d never guess that, either.
Mademoiselle de Coulanges.”
  Letty started and stared.
  “What!” she exclaimed. "The
Vicar’s French governess?”
  “You’ve hit it in one,’’ said Marston.
Mam’selle Z61ie de Coulanges—French
governess at the vicarage. That’s it!—
she's to be my Lady Stanbury. May
and December—she’s twenty-five, and
Sir Cheville’s just fifty years older.
Um!”
  Letty plucked a sprig of heather and
began thoughtfully pulling it to pieces.
  “Marston!” she said at last. “What-
ever does your mother say?”
  Marston nodded his head, Chinese
mandarin style, with great vigour for
several seconds before he replied.
  “You mean,” he answered with a
significant look, “you mean—what
doesn’t she say!”
  “Saying it—to whom?” asked Letty.
“I’ll tell you all about it,” continued
Marston. My mother and I were at
lunch, when in walked my uncle. I saw
at once that something was up—he
wouldn’t have any lunch, nor even a
glass of Sherry, and he was jolly
fidgety. And then, all of a sudden, he
made a formal announcement—he was
about to be married. And—to the
Frenchwoman. Gad!—I thought my
mother would have a fit!”
  “Yes,” said Letty, “I should have
expected her to. Well ?”
  “At first,” Marston went on. “she
refused to believe it. Talked about his
age. He said stiffly that he believed
he was as hale and hearty as any man
of sixty. And then, of course, she got
personal—you know what a hot temper
my mother has—and talked about how
it would affect me. There X was, she
said, his nephew and heir to the title,
and always been led to expect it, and a
jolly lot besides, and all that sort of
thing. If he’d a son by this marriage,
I’d be disinherited, and so on, and so
on. She—well, to put it plainly, she
was just furious!”
  "And—Sir Cheville?” asked Letty.
“He got stiff and icy,” answered
Marston. “Said it had always, been a
possibility that he might marry, even
late in life. And that whether I ever
came to the title or not, he made full
provision for me, most handsome pro-
vision, he repeated, with emphasis, and
'erior to the Evidence
5
I should never have cause to blame him.
But—it’s the title business that knocked
my mother over! She’s always been
awfully keen on my being Sir Marston
Stanbury, Baronet—that’s about it!”
“And you, Marston?” suggested
Letty. “What do you think?”
  “Don’t care a hang about the title!”
declared Marston. “If the old boy
wants to marry, let him. What I want
is to marry you. And, if this comes
off, as it certainly will, it’ll make things
all the easier for you and me.
  “How?” asked Letty. “What differ-
ence will it make?”
  “This,” said Marston eagerly. “So
long as it was certain that there was
nothing but Sir Cheville’s life between
me and the title, he’d a hold over me.
And as we know very well, he and your
father are, somehow, not on very good
terms. Now, if he takes his own way
about this marriage, he can't object to
my taking mine about my marriage.
And—I suggest that we tell your father
and my mother all about our engage-
ment now, straight off.”
  Letty turned away and looked
thoughtfully across the moor. It was
some time before she spoke, and when
she glanced at Marston again there was
a suspicion of foreboding in her eyes.
  “Marston,” she asked quietly, “have
you any idea why your uncle and my
father are not on very good terms?”
“Not the slightest notion,” declared
Marston. “But you know how things
are. Your father’s a Radical, and Sir
Cheville’s an out-and-out Tory of the
old school. And there was a difference
over that last County Council election.
That’s all I can think of.”
  “There’s something more than that,”
said Letty. “They were always—well,
pleasantly friendly, until lately. My
father’s been awfully bothered for some
time—I’ve seen it, though he tries to
keep it from me.”
  “Business matters?” asked Marston.
  “It may be,” replied Letty. “But I
don’t know. They say trade’s bad. You
see, you and I don’t know anything
about things of that sort—we’re only
children, after all.”
  Marston made no answer. He was
thinking of what lay beyond the north-
ern edge of the moor—the manufactur-
ing villages, the big mills, the crowds of
folk who worked in them, and particu-
larly of Lithersdale Old Mill, Lucas
Etherton’s place, which was one of the
biggest manufactories in the district.
He was thinking, too, of Lucas Ether-
ton himself, a big, burly, reserved man,
who always gave people the impression
of power and of well-to-do-ness.
  “I should have thought your father
was all right in the way of business!”
he exclaimed suddenly. “Why, look at
the number of people he employs, and
his mill’s always running!”
  "All the same, I know there’s some-
thing,” declared Letty. “And—I don’t
want to bother him about anything just
now, so let it wait. Wait until Sir
Cheville’s married, anyway.”
  “After all,” said Marston rumina-
tively, “they must know, if they've got
any eyes. All right!—leave it till the
old chap’s tied himself up to the French-
woman. Then I’ll tell my mother, and
you can tell your father, and we’ll get
married this summer. How will that
do?”
  “I suppose so,” said Letty.
  She looked down at him in a half-
amused, half-teasing fashion, and Mar-
ston knocked the ashes out of his pipe
and slipped his arm round her waist.
  “It’s jolly hot here,” he said. “Come
on through the coppice—only bit of
shade there is on this moor.”
  The two lovers strolled away in the
direction of the pines; an hour had
passed before they came out again on
the farther side and walked rather more
rapidly in the direction of the valley.
A winding track led downwards, and
6
Exterior to the Evidence
Marston and Letty turned along it until
they came to a point, close by an old
farmstead, where it divided.
“I’m going down to the mill, to take
father home,” said Letty. “He’s been
there since seven o’clock this morning.”
“All right, tomorrow then, same
time,” said Marston.
  The click of the gate close by made
him turn sharply. Letty turned, too. A
tall, thin, pale-faced young man, of a
peculiarly reserved and watchful ex-
pression of eye and mouth, came out
of the garden of the old farmstead,
wheeling a bicycle. He lifted his cap
as he turned the machine in the direc-
tion of the valley, and while Letty
nodded in response, Marston scowled.
 “Can’t stand that clerk of your
father’s!” he growled. “He always
makes me think of that chap in Dickens
—you know, Uriah Heep. What’s the
fellow’s name?”
  “Bradwell Pike,” answered Letty.
“He isn’t prepossessing—but I believe
he’s useful.”
 “Pike!” sneered Marston. “Good
name for him ! Shark would have been
better, though. Well,—tomorrow, then.”
Letty smiled and nodded as they sep-
arated. Tomorrow seemed close at
hand, and there was nothing to indicate
that the sunshine of today was not to
last.
CHAPTER II
The Gathering Clouds
 Lithersdale Old Mill, towards
which Letty took her way after leaving
Marston Stanbury, was the oldest in-
dustrial building in that district, a sur-
vival of the age wherein manufacturers
got their motive power from water. Its
machinery had long been driven by
steam, but the old water-wheel still
stood, and the water-course still ran
down from the moors above. The mill
itself was out of date, and its present
owner had often been advised to pull
it down. But Lucas Etherton, Radical
though he was in politics, was conserva-
tive enough in all else. The lives and
endeavours of five generations of Ether-
tons were built into its gray walls, and
Lucas Etherton felt that it would last
his time—he was the last of his race in
the male line, and Letty would marry.
Let the old place stand, till he and it
finished together.
  Letty turned into the mill through a
garden and orchard which lay at one
end of it. There was a private door at
the end of the garden which admitted
to a staircase at the head of which were
two or three rooms, shut off from the
rest of the premises; Lucas Etherton
used these as offices for himself and his
clerk, Bradwell Pike. Letty always
used this entrance when she went down
to the mill of an afternoon, to fetch her
father away in good time for their six-
o’clock dinner. Lucas, in her opinion,
was too much at the mill—going there
at an early hour in the morning, break-
fasting and lunching there, and occa-
sionally staying there until late in the
evening. And of late she had made a
practice of going down to the mill be-
tween four and five in the afternoon
and dragging him away, so that he
might have an hour’s rest before dinner.
  The rooms at the head of the private
staircase up which Letty presently
climbed were three in number: the first,
a sort of anteroom for callers; the
second, Lucas Etherton’s own room;
the third, which opened into the mill,
an office wherein Bradwell Pike was
usually to be found. All three opened
one into another, and instead of being
shut off by doors were separated by
heavy curtains, made of a certain fabric
manufactured on the premises. They ,
were all heavily carpeted, and Letty
was light of foot, and she was halfway
into the anteroom, intending to throw
back the intervening curtain and sur-
Exterior to the Evidence
7
prise her father at his desk, when she
heard voices in the next room, and
knew that Lucas was there talking with
Sir Cheville. There was nothing in that,
but there was something in the words
she caught which pulled her up sharply
and sent the blood flushing hotly to her
brown cheeks.
  “Dishonourable!” Sir Cheville Stan-
bury was saying in loud, angry tones.
“No other word for it! You’re treating
me in a dishonourable fashion—a highly
dishonourable fashion. That’s plain
truth, Mr. Etherton.”
  Letty felt her heart throb painfully
as she waited for her father to speak.
She had no impulse of retreating; after
what she had heard, her one instinct
was to stay where she was. There was
trouble here, and bad trouble, and her
father had no one in the world but
herself.
  It seemed a long time before Lucas
spoke. She heard a movement, as if
he were shifting or rearranging books
or papers on the desk at which she
knew he would be seated; it appeared
to suggest that he wanted to gain time,
or as if he felt at a loss for words.
  “There are—well—various ways—of
regarding it,” said Lucas Etherton. “It
depends how—how you look at it.”
  Letty heard a hasty, half-suppressed
exclamation from Sir Cheville — it
seemed to express contempt as much
as to show irritation.
  “Pshaw!” he said. “There is only
one way of looking at it. You come
to me a year ago, as a neighbour, and
tell me that owing to certain trading rea-
sons, which I, of course, didn’t ask you
to explain, you were temporary short
of ready money, and asked for a loan
of five thousand pounds. I gave you
a cheque for that amount there and
then—with pleasure, and without even
so much as asking for an acknowledg-
ment. I naturally expected you to re-
turn my money as soon as your tem-
porary embarrassment was over. A
year has passed—you haven’t given me
back one penny! Yet your mill goes
on working—you are turning out quan-
tities of goods—you seem to be going
on as, to my knowledge, you have gone
on for many a long year. What does
it all mean?”
  Letty’s heart was beating like a sledge-
hammer on an anvil by this time. Here,
then, was the trouble of which she had
had some foreboding, at which she had
hinted to Marston. In the silence which
followed upon Sir Cheville’s direct ques-
tion, she stole gently to the curtain
which separated her from the two men
and looked cautiously into the room
beyond.
  One glance was sufficient to make her
more puzzled than before. Her father
sat at his desk, his chair tilted back,
his long legs crossed; the toe of his
right boot was quietly kicking the big
waste-paper basket in front of him.
But what puzzled his daughter more
than this attitude was the fact that the
upward twitch of his moustache showed
that Lucas Etherton was smiling—smil-
ing, so it seemed, at his own thoughts.
Yet—how could a man smile who had
just been called dishonourable, to his
very face?
  She glanced from him to the old baro-
net. At any other time she would have
been amused. Sir Cheville Stanbury
was noted in Lithersdale as being a
dandy, and the best-dressed man in the
neighbourhood, but Letty had never
seen him in such gay garments before,
and she wondered if his festive appear-
ance had anything to do with his en-
gagement to Mile, de Coulanges. the
fascinating governess at the vicarage.
Sir Cheville was a spare, medium-sized
man, who made the most of every one
of his inches and held himself
invariably square and erect.
  Everything about him was naturally
aggressive—the glance of his eye, the
8
Exterior to the Evidence
cock of his chin, the upward twirl of
his gray, carefully kept moustache, the
very set of his shoulders. And now
all this was set off in a faultlessly cut
suit of summer tweeds finished by a
tall white hat with a black band, white
gloves with black stitches, white gaiters
over patent leather boots—a vivid con-
trast to Lucas Etherton’s shaggy figure
in an old blue suit liberally adorned with
patches of grease and shreds and slivers
of wool.
  Why did not her father speak ? Why
did he sit there, evidently jingling the
money and keys in his pockets, certainly
kicking the waste-paper basket, cer-
tainly smiling in that queer, provoking
way? This puzzled Letty beyond be-
lief ; it evidently puzzled Sir Cheville
too, for after a long pause he turned
from the window through which he was
affecting to look, picked up the eye-
glass which dangled from his neck by a
thin gold chain, fixed it in his right eye
and stared at the man he was reproach-
ing.
  “I repeat—what does it all mean?”
he said testily. “And I’ll supplement
that by another question. Are you going
to repay me my loan, Mr. Etherton? I
concluded it was for a few weeks—it
has stretched into twelve months. I
want my money. I am resettling my
affairs. Why don’t you speak, sir?”
  Lucas Etherton tilted his chair far-
ther back and looked Up at the ceiling.
Even then, to the hearer who was with
him and to the listener behind the cur-
tain, it seemed as if he was unneces-
sarily slow in answering.
  “Different folk have different notions,
Sir Cheville.” he said. “When you were
kind enough to lend me that money, I
told you I wanted it until I’d got some-
thing fixed up. You said—I’m giving
you your exact words—‘Oh, any time,
Etherton, any time—suit your own con-
venience.’ I took you at your word.
It isn’t convenient to repay you yet.”
  "But damme, sir, you must have
known that I was using a mere figure
of speech!” exclaimed Sir Cheville. “A
»man does say something of that sort
when—when he lends money to another
man. Mere politeness, don’t you know !
But—one doesn’t mean it!”
  Lucas Etherton chuckled.
   “Ah, but, you see, I thought you did !”
he retorted. “I’d always understood
that you were one of those men who
never say anything but what they
mean.”
  Sir Cheville made a final contortion,
dropped his monocle, and tapped his
smart walking-cane on the floor.
   “You’re trifling with me, sir!” he said
angrily. “You know as well as I do
that the loan was a temporary one. Will
you repay me—at once?”
  “Can’t!” answered Lucas Etherton
laconically. “Haven’t got it!”
  “When will you have it?” demanded
Sir Cheville. “Fix a date!”
  “Couldn’t!” said Etherton, almost in-
differently. “Might be soon—might be
longer. Can’t say at all today. I’m
speaking as I do because you’re talking
about this matter as an ordinary, com-
mon creditor might. You’re talking
about a debt of honour between two
gentlemen as if it were a vulgar trade
account, and you were the butcher or
the candlestick maker. If—”
  Sir Cheville, who had grown very red
and angry during the manufacturer’s
last few words, suddenly stepped up to
the desk and smote his fist on it.
  “Damme, sir!” he vociferated. “How
dare you talk to me like that ? Honour,
indeed; I’d like to know what you
know—”
  “About honour?” interrupted Ether-
ton. “Perhaps quite as much as your-
self. You lent me a sum of money,
willingly, to be paid back at my con-
venience. Now you come and demand
it—”
  “I’ll tell you what it is!” exclaimed
"How dure you talk to me like thatf”—Page 8
9
10
Exterior to the Evidence
Sir Cheville abruptly. “If you don’t
pay me my money by ten o’clock to-
morrow morning, I’ll instruct Birch to
serve you with a writ! That’s final!”
Etherton looked up from his desk,
and it seemed to his daughter that a
new mood showed itself in his face.
  “Birch?” he said slowly. “Ah! Now,
do you mind telling me if you ever told
Birch that I owe you this money ?”
  “No, I have not, sir!” retorted Sir
Cheville indignantly. “I’m not in the
habit of telling my solicitor that I lend
anything—as I have done, more than
once. But I shall tell him—now!”
“Don’t!” said Etherton, with a pecu-
liar glance. "Don’t! If you please.”
“Why not, sir?” demanded Sir Che-
ville.
  Etherton looked hard at his creditor
for several seconds.
  “Because it would upset certain plans
of mine,” he answered. “That’s all.”
  Sir Cheville pulled himself up and
stared back.
  “Plans! What plans?” he asked.
“Tell me!”
  “No!” replied Etherton. “Certainly
not! Not if I owed you fifty thousand.
And I’d like to know why you come
upon me suddenly with a demand for
five? You’re a very rich man, Sir
Cheville, and you don’t want it.”
  Sir Cheville turned round to the win-
dow and for a moment looked out in
silence. Suddenly he turned again to
the manufacturer.
  “Do you know what’s being said
about you, Etherton?” he asked in a
low voice. “It’s rumoured that you’re
in Queer Street! Now, if I am in
pretty comfortable circumstances my-
self—well, even if I am a rich, a very
rich man. I’m not going to lose my
money. I have other people to consider.
Now, it seems to be a fact that you can’t
lay your hands on five thousand pounds,
in spite of your apparently big business,
and so on. So—”
  Etherton suddenly lifted his hand as
if to command silence. He pointed to
the curtain which shut off his clerk’s
room, and then called quietly:
  “Pike! Are you there?”
  There was no answer, and Etherton
turned to his visitor.
  "I thought I heard a step in that
room,” he said. “That clerk of mine
has a foot like a cat. Well, Sir Cheville,
I see I shall have to give you my con-
fidence, after all. Come this way, if
you please.”
  Etherton rose from his desk, mo-
tioned Sir Cheville to follow him, and
crossed over to the opposite doorway.
  He held the curtain aside; the visitor
stepped through; he himself followed.
And at that Letty turned, went down
the private staircase, and crossing the
garden and orchard climbed slowly up
the hillside to Low Hall.
  The comfort and pleasantness of the
old house struck her painfully as she
walked into its great stone porch. Any
one entering it for the first time would
have said that here was an ideal house
filled with all that mortal could desire.
And yet. as she now knew, there was
something wrong, and some secret, and
money owing to Marston Stanbury’s
uncle which her father could not pay.
And—she could only wait.
  She was waiting at six o’clock when
Etherton rang her up on the telephone.
  “Letty,” he said hurriedly, “I shan’t
be home to dinner, nor tonight, at all;
I’ve got to go away on business. Take
care of yourself!”
  “Oh!” she answered. “Can’t you run
up for five minutes? Or shall I come
down? Do let me!”
  “No!” he replied. “Can’t manage
either. I’m off, just now. See you in
the morning. By-by!”
  He rang off there and then, and the
girl turned disconsolately away—to find
the parlor-maid at her elbow. Dinner
was ready, and she must sit down alone.
Exterior to the Evidence
11
CHAPTER III
The Confidential Clerk
 Had Lucas Etherton come home to
dinner, his daughter’s naturally healthy
appetite would have done justice to the
carefully cooked food which always ap-
peared on the table at Low Hall. But
as things were, Lettv could make no
more than a pretense of eating, and she
was glad to escape and get out into a
favorite quiet nook in the garden. That
had been an ideal day of spring, ‘full
of warmth and brightness, but the
events of the last two hours had driven
all its color away. What was the
secret which Lucas Etherton had evi-
dently been keeping to himself? Why
should he take old Sir Cheville into his
confidence about it? Why did he not
take her into that confidence?—he and
she had been inseparable, ever since she
had come home from school eighteen
months earlier. But, to be sure, there
was a reason why her father was taking
Sir Cheville into counsel—he owed Sir
Cheville five thousand pounds. It
galled her to think that money was
owing to this proud, arrogant old man.
There was a great deal of old-fashioned
pride in the Etherton race, and Lettv
had her full share of it, and it was
peculiarly distasteful to her to know
that her father owed money to Marston
Stanbury’s uncle which he could not
pay on demand, and about which he
spoke with curious uncertainty and
vagueness. Moreover, she was utterly
puzzled by what she had learned that
afternoon. Her father’s mill was al-
ways running, he was employing four
or five hundred workpeople, and there
must be a lot of money about some-
where. Why, then, did he not pay Sir
Cheville Stanburv his five thousand
pounds and have done with him? And
why, having said with emphasis that
he wouldn’t tell Sir Cheville his plans
if he owed him fifty thousand, did he
suddenly turn Tound and say that, after
all, he would take him into his confi-
dence ?
  Letty Etherton was one of those peo-
ple who become utterly miserable if
left alone with a wearing secret. If her
father had only come home that eve-
ning, she would have made a clean
breast to him of her knowledge of what
had happened at the mill, and have
begged him to tell her what it all meant.
But Lucas had not come, was not com-
ing; she did not even know where his
business had taken him. And there was
110	mother to turn to—Mrs. Etherton
had been dead some years—and 110
brother and no sister. She needed a
confidential ear that could be trusted,
and the knowledge of this sent her
thoughts instinctively flying to her god-
farher. Mr. Nicholas Getherfield. an
old gentleman who lived, all alone, in
a queer old house seven miles higher
up the valley.
  To think of Mr. Getherfield, with his
sweet, quiet, old-world manners, his
ready sympathy and understanding, was
sufficient to make Letty long to go to
him. and within a few minutes she had
made up her mind; had got out her
bicycle and taken the road which led
far into the wilder, uninhabited parts
of Lithersdale. In half an hour she
had left the mills and houses behind,
and was following a winding track that
ran between the river and the hillside.
And there, as she turned the corner of
a coppice of stunted oak trees, just then
bursting into leaf, she came face to face
with her father’s clerk, Bradwell Pike,
who was busily engaged at the road-
side, mending a puncture in the tube
of his bicycle.
  Letty had no reason for sharing the
boyish aversion which Marston always
manifested whenever Pike crossed his
path. She had known Pike ever since
she was ten years old. He was as much
a feature of the Old Mill as the ancient
12
Exterior to the Evidence
water-wheel or the stone sundial in the
mill garden. She knew him as her
father’s clerk—a quiet, reserved, hard-
working fellow, eminently useful. She
had grown so used to his looks and
appearance that she had never par-
ticularly noticed them. Perhaps his
nose was a trifle too long, and too thin
about the nostrils; perhaps his eyes
were too closely set together; perhaps
he carried an habitual air of furtive
secrecy—but Letty had never thought
of him as anything else than the clerk
at the mill. And she was only think-
ing of him in this way when she jumped
off her bicycle at his side.
  “Mr. Pike!” she exclaimed, “do you
happen to know where my father has
gone on business? He telephoned to
me at six o’clock saying he was going
somewhere, for the night, but he was
in such a hurry that he didn’t say
where. Do you know anything about
it?”
  Pike, who was endeavouring to
'locate the puncture in his tube, looked
up eagerly from his work.
   “I don’t, Miss Letty,” he answered.
“I don’t know anything at all. He
never said a word to me. He came
into the office from the mill just be-
fore six, and I heard him telephoning
to you—then he went out, straight off.
But I should say he was going over to
the station to catch the six-ten into
Hallith waite.”
  “You don’t know of any reason—
business reason—that would take him
away?” suggested Letty.
  “No,” answered Pike. “No, Miss
Letty, can’t say that I do.”
   He had located the puncture by that
time, and he methodically proceeded to
mark its whereabouts by drawing a
pencil line round it. She stood watch-
ing his long, slender fingers—fingers of
an unusual length and thinness—why,
she could not tell. And Pike suddenly
looked up at her.
  “You’re not anxious about him, Miss
Letty?” he asked.
  "I don’t think he’s very well,” re-
plied Letty half-evasively. “And—yes,
I am a little anxious.”
  Pike produced a small box from the
bag’ which hung behind his saddle, and
finding a bit of sandpaper in it began
to clean the coating off his tube.
  “Miss Letty,” he said suddenly,
“you’ve known me a great many years.
So has Mr. Etherton. I’ve been a good
servant to him ever since I came to
the Old Mill. So—I can speak. I saw
you this afternoon.”
  “Yes,” said Letty unsuspectingly.
“On the moor.”
  “I didn’t mean that,” answered Pike,
with a swift side-glance. “I meant—
at the mill. You were looking through
the curtain on one side of your father’s
room—I was looking through the cur-
tain on the other side.”
  Letty’s face flushed and she in-
stinctively drew back a little.
  “You were — listening?” she ex-
claimed.
  “Just as you were, Miss Letty,” re-
plied Pike. “It wasn’t my fault I came
in there. I heard your father and Sir
Cheville Stanbury talking, and—well, I
did listen, for a minute or two. But—
I didn’t learn anything that I didn’t
know already.”
“You knew that—that my father
owed that money to Sir Cheville Stan-
bury!” exclaimed Letty. “You did?”
Pike’s thin lips curved in a curious
smile.
  “I keep your father’s banking ac-
count,” he said. “There’s not much
about it that I’m not aware of. I re-
member the time of his borrowing that
money from Sir Cheville—and he
wanted it pretty badly.”
  Letty made no remark. She was
astonished to find that Pike knew so
much, and she stood, considering, while
he proceeded to coat his little patch
Exterior to the Evidence
13
 with the necessary solution. Something
 in the way in which he clapped the
 patch on the puncture and held it there
 seemed to denote his grip of things.
   “There’s some queer secret about Mr.
 Etherton, Miss Letty,” he said suddenly,
 in his quietest manner. “I don’t know
 where the money goes! I mean—P
 don’t know where a lot of it’s gone,
 this last year or two. I’m uneasy. You
 mightn’t think ft, "but I’ve a fondness
 for your father. He’s always been
 very good to me. To be sure, I’ve
 served him well, but he’s been a kind
 employer. And, frankly, I don't know
 what’s up! He draws big sums for
 something or other—and I don’t know
 what he’s doing with it. But. it isn’t
 going into the business, 1 know that.
 You’re uneasy yourself,” he added, with
 a suddenly sharp glance. “You know
 you are!”
   “Mr. Pike!” said Letty. “Did you
 overhear the end of that talk between
 my father and Sir Cheville? Did you
 hear my father say that, after all, he’d
 have to take Sir Cheville into his con-
 fidence ?”
    “I heard that,” replied Pike.
   “Plave you any idea what he meant?”
 asked Letty.
‘ “Not the least idea,” affirmed Pike.
 “But I can tell you this. In the old part
 of the mill your father has a room into
 which nobody’s ever admitted. They’d
 have a job to get in! About two years
 ago he’d a special door made for that
 room. It’s sheeted with iron; it’s
 sound-proof; it’s got a patent double
 lock. And when your father took Sir
 Cheville out of the office this afternoon,
 they went In the direction of that
 room.”
   “But—but what does my father want
 with such a room?” exclaimed Letty.
 “It sounds like a secret—”
   “There is a secret,” said Pike. “He
 spends most of his time in that room.
 What doing, I don’t know. But then,
I don’t know everything. I never go
into those parts of the place—my work’s
in the office. All I know is that money’s
going somewhere as it oughtn’t to.
Piles of money, Miss Letty! And it
isn’t paid by cheque, cither. Your
father keeps drawing big sums in cash
—and what he doe.; with it. Heaven
knows, I don’t! Just now, for in-
stance—”
  “Well ?” demanded Letty, as Pike
paused, evidently uncertain whether he
ought to say more. “What? As you’ve
said so much, you may as well say
everything.”
  “Well, he’d be glad of ready money
at the moment,” continued Pike. “I
know that! The business is all right.
01 would be if it weren’t for this drain
on it. However, after all, it’s not my
concern, and I daresay I oughtn’t
to liave said as much as I have said
just now. Still, you asked me. And of
course, you’re bothered. And so am I.
You see, I’ve had ideas, notions—you
might call them dreams, Miss Letty.”
  The punctured tube was mended by
this time, and Pike’s lithe fingers were
adjusting it to the wheel. There was
something almost fascinating in the
strength of those apparently fragile
fingers, and Letty could not keep her
eyes off them as they went about their
work.
  “Yes—dream!” said Pike, with a
final pressure of the slim finger-tips.
  “What sort of dreams?” asked Letty,
curious to know what he meant, and
contrasting his somewhat odd face and
figure with his soft, suave voice. “1
shouldn’t have fancied you were a
dreamer, Mr. Pike.”
  “You can’t always tell by appear-
ances,” said Pike. He leaned his tall
figure towards her, resting his hands on
the bars of his bicycle, and Letty noticed
for the first time that he had curi-
ously green eyes which scintillated in a
strange manner. “Most people who
14
Exterior to the Evidence
know me, Miss Letty,” he went on,
“think I’m a money-grubber. I don’t
drink—never tasted even a glass of ale
in my life!—and I don’t smoke—even
cheap cigarettes—and I save every
penny I can. But—all for a purpose.
I want to be somebody—I mean to be
somebody! And of late years, I have
thought—I won’t deny it—that I might
be somebody in a certain direction.”
“Oh!” said Letty. The conversation
was becoming personal in a way for
which she had no taste, but it was diffi-
cult to break it off. "What direction?
I hope you’ll succeed, I’m sure, Mr.
Pike.”
  “Do you, Miss Letty?” he exclaimed
eagerly. “Do you indeed! Ah, I’m
sure that’s very kind of you. And I
wonder if I might dare to tell you in
which direction my thoughts, ambitions,
hopes, and all that, have tended of late ?
Do you know, I’ve even dared to hope
that, perhaps, your father would take
me into partnership? Etherton & Pike,
eh, Miss Letty! It—it wouldn’t sound
or look so bad, would it, now?”
  “Oh, well, that’s a question for my
father, Mr. Pike,” answered Letty.
“That’s business.”
  “But you?” said Pike. “You now?
—you wouldn’t object? You see, your
father has no son. Ah, Miss Letty, I
would be a good son to him—if I were
allowed to be! Eh?”
  Letty moved her bicycle a yard or
two away and gathered her skirts to-
gether preparatory to mounting it.
There was something in Pike’s green
eyes which she did not like, something
extraordinary in the queer curve of his
thin lips which she could not under-
stand, and she wanted to leave him.
  “All business that, Mr. Pike,” she
said with an attempt at nonchalance.
“You must talk to my father about it—
I don’t know anything.”
   “Not just yet,” remarked Pike softly.
   "But the time may come, Miss Letty !”
  "Well ?” asked Letty with one foot on
the pedal and without turning her head.
“What is it?”
  Pike edged his machine a little nearer,
and in spite of the solitude in which
they stood, lowered his voice to a
whisper.
  "Would you like me to find out what
this secret is that your father’s got?” he
asked. “You know it’s troubling you.
I can! There’s little that I can’t do in
that way, if I set myself to it.”
  “No, certainly not!” answered Letty
coldly. “My father’s secrets are his
own, Mr. Pike. No!”
 “You mean—were his own, Miss
Letty,” said Pike, with a meaning smile.
"He was going to give them—or it—
away this afternoon to old Sir Cheville,
because he owes him five thousand
pounds. Yet—only a few minutes be-
fore, too!—he’d just declared he
wouldn’t tell him if he owed him fifty
thousand!”
  “It is my father’s concern entirely,”
declared Letty. She got into her saddle
and moved off. “Good-night, Mr. Pike,”
she said, over her shoulder.
 “One moment,” said Pike. He
stretched out one of his long arms and
laid a detaining hand on the bars of
her bicycle. “You’re going to Mr.
Getherfield’s, Miss Letty?” he con-
tinued, with his face in closer proximity
to her own than she liked. “Aren’t
you ?”
  “What if I am?” she demanded half-
angrily.
  “Just so—but you are,” said Pike,
“and if I were you, I shouldn’t say a
word to Mr. Getherfield about what you
heard this afternoon, or about what
we’ve spoken of this evening. You
know what Mr. Etherton said to Sir
Cheville?—if Birch, the solicitor, heard,
it would upset all his plans. Mr. Ether-
ton doesn’t want anybody to know. Let
you and I keep to ourselves—what we
know. It’s safe with me.”
Exterior to the Evidence
15
  He lifted his hand as he spoke, and
Letty took advantage of the movement
to push off her machine.
  “Good-night, Mr. Pike," she repeated.
  Pike made no answer beyond raising
his cap, and Letty rode rapidly away
along the lonely road. Somehow, she
was now far more upset than when
she had first set out.
       CHAPTER IV
       Fox den Manor
  Another mile of lonely, widening
road had slipped away beneath her
wheels before Letty suddenly realised
the true significance of what Bradwell
Pike had called his dreams. Pike had
adopted this method of letting her know
that he was in love with her! A
curious, indefinable feeling of aversion
came over her, and was as suddenly
swept away by an equally curious and
vague sense of fear. What a pity, what
a thousand pities, she thought, that the
clerk knew so much of his master’s
business! It gave him a hold which
Letty, knowing what she did, had no
wish he should have. Pike, the quiet,
reserved clerk, suddenly became to her
a watchful schemer, and the only relief
from this deduction was that he had
in some degree shown her his hand.
  “1 shall tell Mr. Getherfield all about
it!” she murmured as she sped along.
“He’ll understand things better than I
do.”
  The sun was just dipping behind the
far-off hills in the West as Letty
rounded a cliff-like promontory of the
valley and came in sight of Mr. Gether-
field’s house, Foxden Manor, a quaint,
seventeenth-century structure. Here,
amid the solitude of the moors, Mr.
Getherfield grew roses, improved his
grounds, planted rare shrubs, and in-
dulged in the antiquarian tastes which
had been his recreation through a long
life spent among mills and machines.
  He came out of his door as she
wheeled her bicycle up the path between
the trim,- lawns, and trotted eagerly
towards her, a little, spare, very old but
intensely active man who still clung to
something like a Quakerish simplicity
and invariably presented himself in old-
fashioned drab-hued garments. He ad-
mitted to being already eighty years of
age, but Lucas Etherton had once re-
marked to his daughter that he honestly
believed the old fellow had dropped ten
years somewhere in his journey and
forgotten to pick them up again.
  Eighty or ninety, there was a pleni-
tude of vigour in the hearty embrace
which the old man gave his godchild
as they met in his garden, and in the
way in which he took her bicycle from
her and wheeled it off to an outhouse.
That done, he linked his arm in hers,
and turned her towards a distant corner
of the grounds.
  “Just in time, my dear, to see by
daylight a nice little improvement we’ve
carried out since you were here,” he
said, with a satisfied chuckle. “Do you
remember saying I ought to put a seat
up, down there by the stream? Well,
come and see what's been done—for
you.”
  But Letty held back and glanced at
the house.
  “Godfather,” she said, “I’m in no
mood for improvements! I’m awfully
bothered—so I came to you. Let’s go
in—I want to tell vou something—a
lot.”
  The old man gave her a quick glance
out of his shrewd old eyes, and turned
to the porch.
  “Come along!” he said soothingly.
“Glad you came, my dear—always
ready, here, you know.”
  “That’s just why I came—knowing
that,” answered Letty.
  She followed him across the raftered
hall into a low-ceilinged, oak-panelled
room, on the open hearth of which,
16
Exterior to the Evidence
although May was nearly over, a bright
fire of pine logs was sending out an
inviting crackle.
  “Now, my dear?” he said quietly.
“What’s it all about ?”
  Letty had made up her mind to tell
Mr. Getherfield everything, and nar-
rated the whole story of the events of
the afternoon, from the time of her
meeting with Marston Stanbury to her
recent encounter with Pike, and Mr.
Getherfield listened in silence, only nod-
ding his old head now and then at cer-
tain passages.
  “What does it all mean, Godfather?”
asked Letty in the end. “Don’t you
think I’ve cause to be anxious—and
unhappy ?”
  Old Getherfield laughed softly, and
turning to his desk, drew a cigar-case
to him and selected a cigar.
  “Only about one thing, my dear,” he
answered, as he began to smoke—“only
about one thing!”
 “What?” demanded Letty.
  “I don’t like that young man Pike
knowing so much about your father’s
affairs,” said Mr. Getherfield. “That’s
not well! Now, though Pike has been
at the Old Mill so long that he couldn’t
fail to know a good deal, your father
ought not to have let him get as much
knowledge as he evidently possesses.
Pike is a sly fellow, my dear!—and I’m
surprised that he was as candid as he
was with you tonight. It looks to me
as if he knew rather more—perhaps a
good deal more—than he revealed. But
of course he does—men of that sort
never tell all they know.”
  “Oh, you don’t think he knows more
about father’s affairs?” exclaimed
Letty.
  “He may,” answered Mr. Getherfield.
“Probably he was paving the way this
evening, thinking that next time he had
the chance of a tete-a-tete with you he’d
tell you more—if you let him. Have
a care of that fellow, Letty! Your
 father’s kept Pike too long. He knows
 too much. But as regards the rest—”
 “Yes—the rest!” said Letty eagerly.
 “That’s what’s bothering me!”
    “Has nothing struck you ?” asked the
 old man, with an almost whimsical
 smile. - “Think!—a locked room into
 which nobody but your father goes—
 money going out otherwise than for
 strictly business purposes—a secret, to
 be revealed to somebody who’s lent
 some of the money—why, of course,
 the whole thing’s plain enough! And
 you can’t see it?”
    “I see nothing!” replied Letty.
   The old man waved his cigar and
 laughed.
   “Why, you father’s inventing some-
 thing!” he said. “That’s it! Years be-
 fore you were born, my dear, your
 father spent time, thought, money,
 prodigally, in trying to perfect a cer-
 tain invention—he gave it up then, after
 spending a fortune over it, because he
 came to the conclusion that it was pre-
 mature. But I happened to know that
 he always meant to return to it, and
 I should say that he has returned!
 Leave him alone—he’ll come out all
 right. All the same, I wish he hadn’t
 borrowed money from Sir Cheville
 Stanbury. Why didn’t he come to me?”
 Letty’s eyes had grown bigger and
 b>gger during this explanation, and at
 its conclusion she heaved a sigh of in-
 tense relief.
    “Oh, do you really think that’s it!”
 she exclaimed. “Of course, that would
 account for everything! But—would so
 much money go into a mere invention ?”
 Mr. Getherfield laughed drily and
 patted the girl’s head.
   “Bless your innocence!” he said.
 “There’s one man within twenty miles
 of us, now a peer of the realm, who
 spent three hundred thousand pounds
 over a machine before he got it to be
 _ what he wanted! Oh, yes, my dear,
 invention is—a sink down which you
Exterior to the Evidence
17
can pour money like water, as in those
cases.”	-
 "But they succeeded?—and made
money ?” asked Letty.
 “Yes, they succeeded and made
money—so much money that neither
of them knows how much money he’s
got!” replied the old man, still more
drily. “And the probability is that if—
as seems certain—Lucas Etherton has
gone back to his invention, why, he’ll
come out on top, and then—we shall
see! And that’s why I’m sorry, very
sorry indeed, that he either borrowed
a little money from Sir Cheville or
gave him his confidence this afternoon."
  “Why, particularly, Godfather!” in-
quired Letty.
  “It would have been far better jf he’d
kept his secret to himself.” answered
Mr. Getherfield. “However, he may
have had another idea in taking Sir
Cheville into his confidence—perhaps
that didn’t strike you?”
 “No!” said Letty wonderingly.
“Nothing struck me. I must be very
dense.”
  “Ah, well, I don’t suppose Lucas is
so wrapped up in his invention that he
isn’t aware of his daughter’s love af-
fairs!” remarked the old man, with a
teasing laugh. “And Lucas may have
said, ‘Oh, well, no harm in letting the
old fellow see that when my girl marries
his nephew, she’ll not go to him empty-
handed—far from it!’”
  Letty made no answer. She sat for
a long time staring into the fire, and
the old man continued to smoke,
silently watching her. At last she got
up and kissed him.
  “I knew you’d be able to smooth
everything out!” she said. “You’re a
wise old thing!—like an old owl in a
bam. Now I’ll go home—quite happy.”
"Nothing of the sort!” declared Mr.
Getherfield. “You’ll stop here for the
night. Your room’s always ready, and
your father’s away, so why should you
  B. M.—Apr.—2
go home? Now run off to the tele-
phone, and then come back and tell me
all the gossip about Sir Cheville and his
French lady—I’m dying to hear it.”
However old and wise he might be,
Mr. Getherfield was not above an inno-
cent love of the current talk of the
countryside, and he listened with great
interest and amusement while Letty
told him what she had heard from
Marston Stanbury about Sir Cheville’s
engagement to the French governess at
the vicarage. In the end he shook his
head and smiled—the smile was as sage
as it was whimsical.
  “Ah, my dear!” he said. “It’s all
very well for a boy like Marston—
who’s particularly youthful for his age
—to say that he doesn’f care if his uncle
marries, nor if he should have a son,
nor if the baronetcy doesn’t come to
him; but I’ll make bold to say that if
there’s a thoroughly angry, and even
furious, woman in all England to-
night, it’s Marston’s mother! And up-
on my word, I think she’s good reason !”
“You think Sir Cheville oughtn’t to
marry?” asked Letty.
  “I don’t say that Sir Cheville oughtn’t
to marry, not I!” answered Mr. Gether-
field. “But I think he might have done
it some years earlier! Here’s Mrs.
Stanbury, his sister-in-law, been led to
expect that her one chick was to inherit
the baronetcy—a very old title—and at
the last moment Sir Cheville elects to
put Marston’s chances in jeopardy.
And of all the women I know,” added
the old man with a chuckle, “Mrs.
Stanbury is the hottest-tempered, and
the most determined, and the most im-
placable, and under a different condi-
tion of things she'd have moved heaven
and earth to get her baronet brother-in-
law shut up in a lunatic asylum!”
“Marston says she was fearfully
angry with Sir Cheville,” remarked
Letty. “He left her telling Sir Cheville
no end of her mind.”
18
Exterior to the Evidence
  “She could—I’m sure!” said Mr.
Getherfield. “Well, we seem to be living
in strange times, hereabouts. You’ll be
hearing that I’ve run away with some-
body’s cook next.”
   Letty went to bed that night in the
room which was always kept for her
at Foxden Manor, and she slept the
sleep which follows on sudden relief
from anxiety that has no very definite
cause. When she joined the old
man at breakfast next morning, she
was in her usual good spirits. She
forgot all the fear which had oppressed
her. the previous evening—and she
forgot Bradwell Pike. But a word
from Mr. Getherfield, spoken as they
made ready for departure, recalled
 1	him.
   “I’m going to have a quiet chat with
your father this morning, my dear,”
said the old man, as he stood with Letty
in the porch, waiting for his cob to be
brought round. “I’m going to advise
him—very quietly—not to trust that
fellow Pike too much. If he says any-
thing to you, afterwards, tell him that
you told me all that Pike said to you
last night. That's best—don’t have any
secrets from your father.”
  “I never had one until yesterday,
Godfather,” responded Letty. “And I
meant to tell him I’d been behind that
curtain and what I heard. He knows—
quite well—about Marston.”
  She was wondering all the way down
the valley if she would find her father
at the mill, whither she meant to go
before returning home; if so, she was
going to tell him straight out, in her
godfather’s presence, what her trouble
had been. But before she and Mr.
Getherfield came in sight of the manu-
facturing village and its tall chimneys,
a man, striding rapidly down the hillside
from the moors, lifted a hand and
stopped them. Letty recognised him as
one of Sir Cheville’s moor-rangers. He
came up to Mr. Getherfield’s stirrup,
looking from him to Letty with a face
full of grave concern.
  “Have you heard it, sir?” he asked
excitedly. “Sir Cheville’s dead! Found
dead on the moors, this morning, by our
head keeper. And the police will have
it there’s Been foul play. Murder!"
{To be continued next month.)
The Finger of Guilt
By J. J. Stagg
T
THERE was, at the time, an epi-
demic of jewelry robberies.
The pestilence had attacked Sco-
field’s six times in four months;
but the disease never “took.” The six
hold-ups failed and in every instance
the robbers were caught. Scofield’s had
a system of locks and alarms that
appeared to be unbeatable.
  Then along came Judson Farris.
  Scofield’s occupies the ground floor
of a building on Maiden Lane. The
store takes care of the retail business.
To the rear of the store is a private
office in which Mr. Scofield himself
sells jewelry at wholesale; he also
serves his more extravagant retail
clients.
  Judson Farris entered the shop,
handed a letter to one of the clerks and
asked that it be delivered to Mr. Sco-
field. The clerk walked to the rear of
the store and entered the private office.
A few minutes later he returned and
announced that Mr. Scofield would see
Mr. Farris at once.
  Farris stepped into the private office,
and as he closed the door, he noted
absently that there was a latch attached
to it. The latch was unique in appear-
ance. It looked somewhat like the disc
of a safe. When the mechanism was
set, it was necessary only to close the
door in order to destroy the combina-
tion. The door could then be opened
only if the brass knob on the latch was
turned and twisted in a certain way. To
be sure, the combination was a simple
one. Mr. Scofield, when ushering a
person out of the room, could manipu-
late the latch so speedily that the client
seldom became aware that he had been
locked in.
  Farris, however, was little concerned
with locks. He appeared to be quite
indifferent to his surroundings. Such
indifference was easy to affect, for the
room was so sparsely furnished that
everything could be taken in at a single
glance.
  Running parallel with the front wall
was a low mahogany counter which
divided the room approximately in half.
In the space before the counter were
three chairs; behind the counter were
two flat-top desks. Two vaults were
built into the rear wall.
  Scofield, who had been seated at one
of the desks, came forward to the
counter and stretched out a hand in
greeting. He said he was always glad
to be of service to any of Mr. Moffat’s
friends. (Scofield was a member of the
yacht club of which Moffat was presi-
dent; it was Moffat who had written
the letter of introduction for Farris.)
  Farris said he wanted to buy a laval-
liere. Scofield inquired as to the
amount Farris wished to spend and
Farris replied he didn’t care to go over
ten thousand.
  Scofield went into the right vault, the
door to which was open. The walls of
the vault were lined with small drawers.
Scofield pulled out two of the drawers.
As he returned to the office, he glared
frankly at Farris, who had half-turned
and was looking up at a picture.
  Scofield considered himself a shrewd
judge of character. Farris was a tall,
well-groomed man with a collar-ad
face.
19
20
The Finger of Guilt
  “Shallow,” mused Scofield, “but
trustworthy and prosperous.”
  The two trays were placed upon the
counter. In one of them were a dozen
platinum chains; in the other, a dozen
diamond pendants.
  “These are assorted lots,” explained
Scofield. “Please indicate your choice
of the pendants, so that I can bring you
another tray of pendants which are
made along the lines of the one you
like.”
  Farris made his decision quickly.
He chose a pendant which consisted of
four graduated blue-white diamonds set
in a small petal design. “You need
bring no other samples, Mr. Scofield.
This is one of the prettiest drops I have
ever seen.”
  Farris thereupon made his choice of
a chain. Scofield took the chain and
the pendant out of the trays, ran the
chain through the loop at the top of
the pendant and dangled the lavalliere
before Farris.
“How much will that set me back?”
Scofield consulted the tags. “Seventy-
three hundred, Mr. Farris. Eight
hundred for the chain and sixty-five
hundred for the drop.”
  Farris remarked that he had with
him a certified check for ten thousand
and that if Mr. Scofield cared to, he
could call up the Second National for
verification. The deal seemed to be
completed. Then Farris changed his
mind.
  “I think that yellow diamonds would
look prettier on a platinum chain,” he
said. “Could you let me see—?”
“Certainly,” replied Scofield.
  He picked up the two trays and took
them into the vault. After a moment
lie came back and placed a pendant in
the palm of Farris’ right hand. “This
is the exact counterpart of the one
you chose, except that it has yellow
stones.”
  Farris looked at it a moment and
then said, “Put it on the chain, Sco-
field, so that I can see how it—”
Scofield glanced up sharply. “I left
the platinum chain and the blue-stone
pendant with you. Mr. Farris.”
  “You are mistaken, Mr. Scofield. I
gave the lavalliere to you and you took
it with you when, you went into the
vault.”
  For a moment Scofield remained un-
decided. Then he went quickly into the
vault, pulled out two drawers and came
back with them into the office.
  “As you can see. Mr. Farris, the
trays on each of these drawers have
hooks for one dozen pieces. I make it a
rule never to display a tray which is
not filled. As soon as one piece is sold,
another piece is taken from our stock
and put in the tray. In each of these
trays one piece is missing. There are
only eleven chains and eleven pendants.”
“You may have dropped the lavalliere
on the floor,” suggested Farris. “I
know positively you had it in your left
hand when you walked away from the
counter to the vault.”
 Scofield began running a hand
through his sparse hair. There was no
doubt about his being nervous. He
finally pushed a button which sum-
moned a clerk. (The clerk had to un-
lock the latch with a key from the store
side of the office door.)
  “Bring in the vacuum,” ordered
Scofield.
  The vacuum cleaner was run over
every inch of the floor before and be-
hind the counter. It was also run over
the aisle in the vault. Some little dust
was sucked in, but 110 lavalliere.
  After the clerk had left the room,
the flustered Scofield ventured. “You
may have put the lavalliere into one of
your pockets, Mr. Farris.” Then he
added—“By mistake.”
  “That suggestion is a trifle—crude—
isn’t it?”
  “But don’t you see, Mr. Farris, under
The Finger of Guilt
21
—under the circumstances, you—you
must have—”	_
  “Now see here, Mr. Scofield, I came
to buy a lavalliere, not to be insulted.
If you can produce the lavalliere, we'll
complete the deal. Otherwise I must
bid you good-day 1”
  At this, Scofield became a trifle
panicky. “No, no! You can’t leave till
the lavalliere has been found. And
there’s no use trying—the door is
locked.”
  Farris shrugged his shoulders, lighted
a cigar, and sat down. “This is a new
one on me. I didn’t know jewelers
made prisoners of their clients.”
  Scofield paced nervously back and
forth behind the counter. He knew it
would be useless to plead further with
the obdurate Farris. Finally Scofield
pushed a hidden button under his desk.
A red light flashed over the police signal
box in the street. After a few minutes,
Gorman, a uniformed policeman, and
Joe Deagon, one of the private detec-
tives hired by a jeweler’s association to
patrol Maiden Lane, were admitted to
Scofield’s office.
  Scofield explained the situation.
Deagon decided that under the circum-
stances the lavalliere must be on the
person of either Scofield or Farris.
Thereupon Scofield turned all of his
pockets inside out. The detective then
insisted that Farris submit to a search.
  Farris emphatically refused to suffer
this indignity. This put the next move
up to the jeweler. He was faced with
the alternative of permitting Farris to
walk out of the shop, or having him
arrested. And Scofield was in no mood
to let seventy-three hundred dollars slip
through his hands without making some
decided gesture of self-defense.
  “I don’t want to order your arrest,
Mr. Farris,” began Scofield, apolo-
getically, “but if you—”
  “Logically, that is the only solution,”
agreed Farris at once. “I’m as anxious
to have this thing settled as you are.
But I make this one condition: you will
have to take me to the police station in
a taxi, or if you wish, you may send fof
the wagon. And as we go from this
office, I insist that I be surrounded on
all sides. I want to make it impossible
for Mr. Scofield even to hint that I
might, at any time, have passed the
lavalliere to someone else.”
  The condition was complied with.
Farris was taken to the station in a
taxi. Mr. Scofield, Detective Deagon
and Officer Gorman accompanied him.
  After Farris had given .his name to
Captain Loury, the latter consulted a
small memorandum book. Thereupon
the captain called up Headquarters on
the phone. As the captain put up the
receiver again, he said to Farris.
  "We have orders that in the event a
Mr. Judson Farris is arrested, Head-
quarters be notified at once. I believe
Detective James McKeane, a special-
squad man, is personally interested in
you.”
  “Nice fellow, James,” smiled Farris.
“I shall be glad to meet him again.”
  Detective McKeane reached the sta-
tion after some twenty minutes. Once
again Scofield rehearsed the circum-
stances under which the lavalliere dis-
appeared. An immediate search was
decided upon; Farris himself invited
Scofield to be present.
  When a detective from headquarters
executes a search, he makes a thorough
job of it. Farris was taken into a
private room and ordered to strip. He
was wearing a minimum of clothing: a
Palm-beach suit consisting of coat and
trousers, a straw hat, a silk shirt, shoes,
stockings and underwear.
  Every square inch of this clothing
was examined with the greatest care.
A microscope was used; button by but-
ton, seam by seam the search proceeded
—nothing was overlooked. A long, thin
double-edged dagger was used to pry
22
The Finger of Guilt
and probe for false heels or soles on
the shoes. . . . The clothing yielded two
handkerchiefs, four cigars, a silver
match case, a watch and fob, seventy
cents in change and a bill case. In the
latter were three single bills and a cer-
tified check for ten thousand dollars.
  They ran' a comb through Farris’
hair; they looked in his mouth; they
poked into his ears. ... Mr. Scdfield
himself was satisfied that if Farris had
had so much as a grain of salt on his
person, McKeane would have found it.
  Farris was left to dress in the private
room; Scofield and the detectives Gor-
man and McKeane came out into the
main room of the station.
  “He may have swallowed—” began
Scofield, gloomily.
  “Don’t be absurd,” cut in McKeane.
“If a man swallowed a twenty-inch
platinum chain, it would kill him.”
  "What are you going to do?” asked
Scofield.
  “Let him go,” replied McKeane,
promptly!
  “Let him go! But man, don’t you
see that the circumstances being what
they are, he must have stolen the laval-
liere?”
  “If }'Ou wish to be personally respon-
sible for his detention, and if you will
prefer the charges yourself, of course
we will hold him. But since you can’t
prove he has the lavalliere, I don’t see
how you can get a conviction—or even
an indictment by the grand jury. You
must admit that he has carefully pro-
tected himself. No one was present in
your office but yourself—and for a few
moments one of your clerks. And you
have said that the clerk was never near
enough to Farris to have the lavalliere
passed to him. On the way here, Farris
was protected by a policeman and one
of your own detectives. And he was
searched in your presence.”
  But a man doesn't lose seventy-three
hundred dollars without a struggle.
Scofield held a forty-minute conversa-
tion with his lawyer over the phone.
The lawyer’s advice was that it would
be a loss of time and energy to press
charges. “The certified check proves
that Farris came to make a bona-fide
purchase. And since you have not one
iota of proof that he has the necklace,
it would be futile,to—”
  Scofield banged the receiveronto the
hook and bustled out of the police sta-
tion. McKeane informed Farris that
he would not be held.
  As Farris reached the door to the
station, McKeane asked,
  “As a personal favor, Judson old boy,
would you mind telling me what you
did with that lavalliere?”
  Farris lighted a cigar. “Are you
hinting, Jim, that you or the captain
might be wanting to buy it from me?”
After Farris had gone. Captain Loury
remarked, “The finger of suspicion cer-
tainly points in his direction.”
  “Not the finger of suspicion,” said
McKeane, “the finger of guilt. But
what can we do about it ?” . . .
II
  Claude Lange gathered in the cards
which had been tossed upon the table.
He arranged the deck in two stacks;
then he ripped each stack in half. He
threw.the bits into the air. rose and
stumbled away from the table. An-
other deck of cards was produced and
the game went on. The club members
were accustomed to Lange’s idiosyn-
crasies.
  An hour later, when Farris was leav-
ing the club. Lange came up to him and
asked if he could see Farris alone for
a few moments.
  “Certainly,” replied Farris, “but if it’s
about a loan—”
  “It's not—a loan.”
  When they were in a room of Farris’
apartment on One Hundred and Twen-
The Finger of Guilt
23
tieth Street, Lange said, simply, “I know
a woman who has a pear-shaped emerald
drop on a platinum festoon. The drop
alone, because of its unique design, is
worth upward of fifteen thousand.
Does that interest you ?”
  Farris regarded the other through
narrowed eyes. Lange, he knew, had
lost heavily that evening, and it was
obvious that the loss had unnerved him.
There had been rumors that with
Lange’s next disastrous plunge, he
would be disinherited and disowned.
Farris guessed that it was the fear of
such a calamity that had driven young
Lange to flirt with crime.
  “I don’t quite get you, Lange,” said
Farris.
  “Cut-out the innocence stuff! I’ve
heard about Scofield’s lavalliere—we’re
members of the same yacht club. I’m
making no insinuations. Maybe the
lavalliere was not stolen—in that case,
you’re not the man I want to talk to.
You needn’t be afraid to be frank.
There are no witnesses—I couldn’t
prove anything on you, nor you on me.
If you’re really handy at making jewels
disappear, say so.”
  “What’s your proposition?” asked
Farris.
  “Mrs. Ellingwood is giving a week-
end party at her place in Great Neck.
I	can have you invited. If you get the
stone. I get half the profits. Yes or
no?”
  Farris answered that he would be
glad to be one of the guests at Mrs.
Ellingwood’s week-end party. . . .
  Mrs. Ellingwood entertained some ten
guests. Farris and Lange arrived on
Friday evening in the latter’s car.
Saturday passed and Sunday forenoon ;
in all that time, Mrs. Ellingwood had
worn no jewelry of any kind except her
rings.
  Then Lange drew Farris aside in the
garden and confided, “I’ve taken the
liberty to look about a bit in the house.
There’s a strong box in Mrs. Elling-
wood’s boudoir—”
  “So I noticed myself,” smiled Farris.
“But the box is about ten-by-twelve-by-
fourteen inches and it weighs several
pounds. It could hardly be hidden
under a Palm-beach suit. And even if
we could get it out of the house, it
would probably be missed at once and
we’d have to run for it. And that’s
one rule I never break—I never run
away. I don’t like the idea of being
hunted.”
  “Well—couldn’t you open the strong
box somehow—?”
   “All it takes is a little skill and a hair-
pin and—”
  “Then why not—?”
  “And time,” finished Farris. “I’d
have to be certain no one would disturb
me for at least half an hour. Of course,
Mrs. Ellingwood stays downstairs with
her guests. But there’s the maid—she’s
in and out of the boudoir all the time.”
Lange thought it over. “Suppose—
suppose that after dinner this evening,
I	succeed in coaxing the maid to take
a spin in my car—”
  “Excellent—if you can manage it.”
  “I don’t think she’ll take much coax-
ing,” grinned Lange.
  Lange’s evening, up to a certain point,
was a grand success. The maid slipped
in and out of the house unobserved.
The two motored over an hour and
Lange was not required to keep more
than one hand on the wheel. But when,
on returning, he again drew Farris
aside, he could tell by the latter’s down-
cast expression that the plan had gone
awry.
  “There was someone on the upper
floor all the time,” said Farris. “I
didn’t have the chance to go anywhere
near the boudoir.”
  The next morning the party broke
up and Farris and Lange returned to
the city.
  The day was a rather hectic one for
24
The Finger of Guilt
young Lange. He spent it trying to
borrow the money with which to pay off
the I O ITs he had written during his
last disastrous poker game. But Lange
met with no success; his friends were
unanimously of the opinion that it was
a bad investment to lend him money.
  Lange was haunted by the fear that
some of his creditors might become
obstreperous and threaten to sue. And
he was now on his good behavior; any
notoriety would serve to break the truce
existing between him and his father.
  His only asset was his car, which
might bring two thousand dollars. He
was in debt for over five thousand. If
Farris had only succeeded in getting
that emerald drop—
  At nine o’clock, Mrs. Cartwright
called up Lange on the phone.
  “Mrs. Ellingwood had me on the long
distance wire a short while ago,” said
Mrs. Cartwright. “She had intended
going to the opera this evening, and she
wanted to wear her festoon. She found
that her strong box had been forced
open and that the emerald drop had been
clipped from the festoon. It’s upset her
terribly. The last time she used the
strong box was on Thursday, so she
can’t be sure that one of her week-end
guests is the thief. She’s going to put
a private detective on the case and in-
struct him not to bother any of her
friends until every other possibility has
been run down. . . .”
  Farris had tricked him ! Lange went
into a paroxysm of fury. He paced his
room repeating, “The skunk double-
crossed me!” The deception was
apparant; Farris had denied the theft
so as to avoid the necessity of
sharing the proceeds. And the enraged
Lange decided not to let Farris get away
with it.
  Immediate action was necessary. He
would confront Farris and demand his
share of the profits. If Farris tried to
bluff . . . Lange took a revolver out of
his bureau. It would be dangerous to
match wits with a man of Farris’ cun-
ning. But Lange, urged on by his lack
of funds and by his anger against
Farris, did not reflect long upon the
risk. He was in the mood to play a
desperate game and to kill, if necessary.
  So the reckless Lange went forth on
the quest which could end in but one
way—disastrously . . .
  Farris admitted Lange into his apart-
ment, led him into the sitting-room and
then offered him a glass of wine. Lange
impatiently waived his claim to hos-
pitality and told Farris about Mrs. Cart-
wright’s phone call.
  “What rotten luck!” exclaimed
Farris. “Someone else beat us—”
  “You stole that pendant!” cut in
Lange. "I’m here to demand a split!”
“Are you suggesting that I may
have—?”'
  “You double-crossed me!”
  Farris became nettled at the other’s
insolence. “I could throw you out of
here, you know!”
  “You could try! But it’ll be a man-
sized job to get me out of here before
I’m convinced you haven’t that stone.”
“If it’ll ease you any, you might
search the place. Don’t mind me. I’ll
have a few drinks while you’re enjoy-
ing yourself.”
  That, in Lange’s opinion, showed
Farris’ hand. Farris had already dis-
posed of the stone. There was nothing
Lange could do . . . he could not even
threaten blackmail. He was beaten.
He had made it possible for Farris to
attempt the job—and now Farris had
cheated him out of his share.
  Lange went momentarily mad with
rage. Every semblance of self-control
went from him. He lashed out
furiously and caught-Farris a stinging
blow on the side of the head. “You’re
going to take"a beating!” cried Lange.
  But Farris met his rush with a
straight-arm jolt to the wind which sat
The Finger of Guilt
25
Lange neatly upon his haunches. In-
furiated, the tears of chagrin streaming
down his face, Lange drew his gun as
he staggered to^his feet.
  Farris closed in. They wrestled.
Farris slipped and in his attempt to keep
the gun from being twisted against his
chest, he unfortunately put his hand
over the front of the barrel just as
Lange pulled die trigger.
  His left hand crushed by ball and
powder, Farris backed away. He
reached his desk and jerked at a drawer.
Lange sent a second bullet through Far-
ris’ left shoulder. Farris fell. From
a sitting position, he reached into the
drawer and fetched his revolver.
  Quite deliberately he aimed at Lange
who was sneaking out of the room. He
fired and Lange crumpled to the floor.
Then Farris, too, lapsed into uncon-
sciousness.
  A woman in the next apartment tele-
phoned to the police. . . .
IU
  The next morning, Detective
McKeane, after a visit to the hospital,
called •on the district attorney and an-
nounced that both Farris and Lange
would pull through.
  “And even though lie’s already dis-
posed of the jewels, I got a confession
covering the Scofield and Ellingwood
robberies,” said McKeane. “Look here
—know "what this is?”
  The district attorney looked at the
curious thing McKeane had handed him
and shook hjs head.
  “It’s all shot to pieces—doesn’t look
like much now. But it was once the
most perfect artificial finger ever fash-
ioned by man! It took Farris one
year to make it—and he was an expert
at the manufacture of artificial limbs.
Lost his own finger in an accident—the
finger next to the pinky on the left hand.
Cut off just above the knuckle. Well,
he took his own finger and made a
plaster mold of it. In the mold, he
made this artificial finger of rubber and
other substances. Feel it . . . you can’t
tell it from flesh. Look at the ridges—
the veins painted in . . . and he could get
a perfect finger-print with it! It will
stand a microscopic test! It is hollow—
that’s where he hid the lavalliere!”
  “But how was the finger kept—?-”
  “He made a thin silver ring which
fitted snugly around his stump; this sil-
ver ring was threaded. Inside the open
end of the artificial finger he had an-
other silver ring, also threaded ... he
simply screwed the finger on—and off!
Matter of a few seconds! ..The artificial
finger came over the stump: there was a
slight visible line, which was painted
flesh-color and then protected again
by a gold band ring he always wore
around the place where the finger and
the stump joined.”
  “And the finger was perfect in every
respect— ?”
  “But two. By sight or touch it could
not be distinguished from a flesh and *
bone finger. And by a few month’s
practice, he had even learned to move it!
You see, with his stump, he could move
it up to the first joint. The other joint
he manipulated by pressure with his
pinky. But in these two respects the
finger was wanting: it did not take tem-
perature, and if you squeezed hard, you
could press it together. But in these
latter respects, he was in little danger,
since he shook hands with his right
hand, of course, and there was no other
reason why anyone should ever feel his
left. Try to imagine me searching that
guy for a lavalliere!”
  “H’m. I should say it’s a good thing
lie’s in for a long siesta!”
  “Well . . . he’s already promised tliat
when he gets out lie’s going to tua:ke an
artificial hand to replace the one Lange
blew off of him. Then, he says, he’ll
be able to hide half a jewelry
store. . .
Appearances Are Deceiving
                  By George B. Jenkins, Jr.
I
GARBETT squeezed himself out
of the East Side subway train,
walked through the tunnel, and
took a shuttle train that would
disgorge its passengers at Times Square.
He hung to a strap in complete oblivion
of his surroundings, for his mind was
busy with the “trick” he was planning.
  Mazie had been loitering in the
vicinity of the wholesale silk house for
the last two weeks. On the following
evening she would be ready to report.
At that time she would give him a com-
plete description of the location, to-
gether with a floor-plan of the building,
showing all entrances and exits. Then,
there remained the selection of the men
he would use, and hiring the trucks to
carry away the loot, and making ar-
rangements for selling the silk.
 Garbett was an executive. He
planned crimes as business men plan
advertising or selling campaigns, and
with equal skill and intelligence. Not
once during his long career had he
ventured upon an undertaking without
first making careful and thorough in-
vestigations. Quick to take advantage
of every opportunity, he nevertheless
had a code of ethics. He preferred to
scheme and plan rather than to wait
for a lucky chance. And he had the
skilled worker’s justifiable contempt for
blunderings and amateurish crudities.
  As he stepped from the shuttle train
and hurried through the underground
tunnel that crawls under Broadway, his
mind was busy. Nothing must be left
to Fate, every possibility must be an-
ticipated. For half of his thirty-
four years he had been in active con-
flict with law and order. Consequently,
even in his moments of concentration
he was unconsciously alert.
  A 'portly, white-haired gentleman,
moving with the dignity demanded by
his weight and build, was walking a
short distance before Garbett. A thin
clerk, sprinting for a train, collided
with Peter Riddick, and raced on with-
out apology. A bobbed, trim stenog-
rapher. after completing her toilette
with the aid of a pocket mirror, jolted
the white-haired gentleman. And Peter
Riddick’s long, flat, leather wallet, dis-
turbed from its repose in his hip pocket,
fell to the grimy floor.
  Temptation reared its tempting head
within the crook’s mind. Unaware of
his loss, Peter Riddick continued upon
his peaceful though buffeted way.
Garbett stopped and picked up the
purse.
  The thunderous roar of racing sub-
way trains, the voices of bellowing sub-
way guards as they called the name of
the station, the conversations and
shuffling feet of hundreds of subway
dwellers, mingled and blended, sound-
ing like the murmurous roar of angry
surf breaking upon a rocky shore.
Garbett stared at the purse a second,
and then he smiled scornfully at the
voice of Temptation. He had not ac-
quired this purse and contents in a
legitimate and honorable way. Neither
had he secured it through his own skill
or cunning. Anyone, irrespective of*
their intelligence or ability, might have
found it.
  Garbett had worked in crowds before
when he had been serving under an
27
28
Appearances Are Deceiving
instructor in pocket-picking. There-
fore he knew how to avoid unwelcome
collisions, how to weave his way
through tightly packed humanity. He
squirmed his way through the flowing
masses of people like a drop of water
sliding down greased glass.
  Peter Riddick turned at the firm
touch on his arm and observed the
young man who had stopped him. He
saw a keen-eyed man, nervously assured
in manner, who wore an inconspicuous
blue serge suit, a soft brown felt hat,
tan shoes, and a sombre necktie.
  ‘‘I think you dropped this,” said Gar-
bett, presenting the purse to its portly
owner.
  Naturally, Peter Riddick was aston-
ished when he saw what the young man
offered him.
  "Well, I’ll— Yes, that’s mine!” he
said, his face breaking into a smile of
startled happiness as he tapped a pocket
and made sure his own wallet was miss-
ing. “Young man, I thank you.” He
studied his benefactor again.
  "I’ve been coming to New York for
the last thirty-five years,” he an-
nounced, “but never before has anyone—
I’ve been robbed, and cheated, and
double-charged, but— In New York
City, too!”
  He took the purse.
  Garbett smiled, and edged away.
“Wait a minute, young man!” com-
manded Peter Riddick. “I not only
want to thank you, I want to— You’re
an honest man, and while some people
say that virtue is its own reward, I
think that honesty is a virtue that—”
“I don’t want any rew'ard,” Garbett
interrupted. He didn’t mind being told
that he was an honest man, for he had
a sense of humor. "I saw your wallet
drop, and so I brought it—”
  “If you’re in a hurry,” said Peter
Riddick amiably, “I’ll walk along with
you a little ways. For I’m not through
with you, young man. I don’t want to
hurt your feelings, but— Don’t you
need a little help some way?”
 “Not that I know of,” Garbett
answered, smiling. “I don’t need a
thing, thank you.”
  “It certainly is strange to meet an
honest man,” mused the white-haired
gentleman, standing directly in the path
of hundreds of hurrying people,
“particularly when you’ve had to pay
extra for theater tickets, and something
for just sitting at a table when you
want to eat, and—” His manner
changed swiftly. “Young man, I want
you to come in and see me. I live in
Velma, Delaware, and I need you in my
business. I’m the president of the First
National Bank, and I can certainly find
a place for an honest young man in my
bank. Now if you—”
  Garbett’s ears twitched, and his eyes
became introspective. Mr. Riddick
thought these signs were good omens,
and his shrewd, kindly eyes brightened.
 “A young man, an honest young
man—” the portly gentleman paused.
“I suppose you have something to do—
but—if you ever need a job, and come
in to see me, I will see that you
get it.”
  "Well, I’m rather busy just now,”
remarked Garbett, thinking of the
wholesale silk house robbery.
  “That’s too bad,” Peter Riddick was
sincerely regretful. “But—the time
may come when you’ll need some help:
a position, or a loan. I want you to
call on me then, young man”; he ex-
tracted a card and a banknote from
the wallet. “Here’s my name and ad-
dress, and here’s something for—for
you to buy a present for your best
girl.”
  Garbett wanted the card, and he
realized that Mr. Riddick really in-
tended that he should accept the fifty-
dollar bill. Already, possibilities had
flashed into the crook’s mind. Here was
a perfect entree into the First National
Appearances Are Deceiving
29
Bank of Velma, Delaware! the limit-
less opportunities here! Opportunities
for an honest young man, of course.
  Garbett shook hands with Peter Rid-
dick, and they parted with mutual ex-
pressions of esteem. And the crook
put the bank president’s card carefully
away where he could find it iircase of
need. The fifty dollars was invested in
a present for Mazie.
II
  Needs, unfortunately, have a habit of
arising. Two days after Mazie had
finished her work the proprietor of the
wholesale silk establishment had a new
burglar alarm system put in and en-
gaged the services of a private detective
agency.
  Therefore when Garbett and his as-
sociates began their activities a number
of things happened. Bells burst into
sound, gray-clad private detectives
rushed to the warehouse, and a rapid
and undignified retreat was in order.
One of the gang. ‘Red’ Somer, the look-
out, did not escape, and he was re-
quested to mention the names of his
fellow criminals.
  Garbett heard the call of the far and
distant places. Red might not squeal,
and then again he might. A bullet had
pierced his thigh, he was kept in, a
hospital with a policeman stationed at
the foot of his bed, and he had always
been talkative. If Red made state-
ments, Garbett would be visited by blue-
coats, and the crook did not care to
meet officers of the law in either a
social or a business way.
  Peter Riddick’s card was still in his
possession, so Garbett decided to visit
Velma, Delaware. With his usual care,
he made thoughtful and intelligent
preparations. First, he traveled to a
small suburban town in New Jersey,
and went straight to a hardware store
on a side street.
  Dan McKee was a black-haired man
in the late fortie^ who wore a ferocious
mustache behind a long black cigar.
In the rear of Dan’s tiny store was as
complete and well-equipped a laboratory
as even an instructor in chemistry could
desire.
  It was rumored that Dan had made a
discovery that would be of great bene-
fit to a certain section of the world’s
inhabitants. Sfeveral drops of water
will soften a lump of sugar; gold will
dissolve in chlorin and aqua regia, or
nitromuriatic acid; and Dan’s solvent
had a swift and penetrating effect upon
even the hardest and most burglar-
proof steel. Poured upon a knife-
blade, it turned the blade into a paper-
like substance. Properly applied to a
safe, it would turn the metal into ma-
terial of the consistency of cheese. The
solvent did not attack aluminum or
glass or rubber.
  After a demonstration of the solvent,
Garbett purchased a quart of the neces-
sary liquid and returned to New York
to say farewell, and 'I’ll be back next
week’ to Mazie.
  In the Pennsylvania Station. Garbett
made his farewell to Mazie. She was
small and slender; she had a huge flood
of golden brown hair; she wore a tan
and deep blue scarf and a swagger coat
suit of russet brown.
 “Goodby,” said Mazie bravely,
wondering whether Garbett would think
of her every moment that he was away.
“Bring me back a souvenir—something
pretty.”
  “Any particular kind of souvenir?”
he asked, glancing up at the enormous
clock with its black hands and Roman
numerals.
 “Oh—something—something I can
wear in my hair,” she suggested.
  A moment of thoughtful silence.
Mazie knew of a hundred things she
wanted to say, but she couldn't decide
which one was the most important.
30
Appearances Are Deceiving
Garbett had the uncomfortable feeling
that he hadn’t a thing to say, but he
wished Mazie would not look as though
she was about to cry. .
  “Have you got—it?” she asked.
‘It’ meaning Dan’s solvent.
  “Yes, and a quart of something else.”
And then the announcer wailed his
unintelligible and garbled song, which
rose high and echoed from the ceiling,
a signal that a train going for some-
where was soon to depart.
Ill
  Long lines of apple trees, mostly
plucked of their fruit, could be seen
from the car windows. Velma was a
thriving town, boasting a drug-store,
several large stores that kept in stock
everything from needles, on through
clothing, china, typewriters, tobacco,
furniture, up to literature—the works
of Harold Bell Wright. It Tiad a
garage, and the county jail, as well as
that prosperous, at present, financial
institution—the First National Bank.
  Garbett turned in between the stuc-
coed Colonial pillars of the bank, and
entered the building. Behind a wire
wall, beyond the desks and books, in
the center of the ground floor, was the
modem up-to-date bank safe.
  “Young man, I’m glad to see you!
Just in time for lunch!” said Peter
Riddick, coming out from behind the
wire wall. To this white-haired, portly,
beaming bank president, every male was
“Young man.”
  “Sit down, and rest yourself first,”
he invited, leading the way into his
private office, “and then we’ll go home
for food.”
  In the banker’s office Garbett told
his carefully prepared story. He was,
he said, on his way to Washington, but
he had stopped off for an hour or two.
He was expected in the Capital on the
following morning, so he could not
accept Mr. Riddick’s instant invitation
to spend the night. All the time the
crook was remembering the appearance
of the inside of the bank; he had a
mental picture of its interior now, and
he would refresh it later, when they
went to lunch.
  Garbett opened his suitcase and
extracted a bottle and a corkscrew.
While Peter Riddick waited expec-
tantly, the crook sent the steel deep
into the cork.
  “Have you got a glass?" asked Gar-
bett, a trace of nervousness in his man-
ner. He had made a mistake; he was
about to open the bottle of solvent.
  “I’ll get one,” the bank president
said, and departed with a smile of
anticipation.
  The moment he was out of the room,
Garbett tore the corkscrew out, and
hastily changed bottles. Almost at
once the white-haired man returned
with two glasses. He saw Garbett try-
ing to force a crumbling corkscrew into
place.
 “Very poor steel. Sorry.” The
crook laughed at his own futile efforts.
As fast as he thrust the corkscrew
down it crumbled into bits.
  Peter Riddick was plainly puzzled; he
tapped the corkscrew with a blunt
finger. The steel flaked off. and fell to
the floor, and he rubbed it with his shoe.
Now, the flakes were a fine powder that
disappeared into the rug beneath his
foot.
  Finally, the contents of the other
bottle were sampled and approved, and
then the crook was taken on a tour of
the bank. He was shown the safe, and
its various burglar-proof features, the
workings of the time-lock, and an ex-
planation of the way the safe was made
fireproof. Garbett professed a total
lack of knowledge of bank safes,
though such was far from the case.
  Garbett felt not the slightest twinge
of conscience. His profession was, in
Appearances Are Deceiving
31
his opinion, an ancient and dishonorable
one, but it was nevertheless his profes-
sion. From early days, according to the
history he studied in college, there had
been those who by skill or brute force,
by cleverness or wit, had made their
living in the same manner. By thrift
and hard work, some men and nations'
rose to prosperity, and then other men,
or other nations, came and conquered,
or stole.	\
  “This is an honest man—an honest
man from New York,” said Mr. Rid-
dick, introducing Garbett to the office
force of the bank. And Garbett
acknowledged the soft impeachment,
and shook hands with them all.
  At luncheon the crook met Mrs.
Riddick, a matronly, gray-haired wo-
man who dressed in startling elegance.
The lady had soft hands, splashed with
diamonds, earrings that contained two
large blazing stones; a crescent pin of
white fire sent sparks from her ample
bosom. And Garbett’s eyes held an odd
expression as he saw the lavish use
she made of such expensive bits of
carbon.
  In the afternoon Peter Riddick re-
turned to the bank, while the crook
strolled about the rambling streets of
the town. He walked aimlessly, a
frown of concentration on his face, as
he planned his actions for later in the
evening.
  The train for Washington left at
9:45 from the railroad station at the
southern end of the town. Riddick’s
house was halfway between the bank
and the station, five minutes from either
one. Doubtless they would escort him
to the station, and wait there with him
until he had left the town.
  Garbett stopped in his walk, and
stared at the signboard as he thought.
He must devise some way to keep the
Riddicks from going with him to the
station. He needed thirty minutes—an
hour would be far better—between the
time he left the house and the time the
train left.
  Also, he wanted to know whether the
bank was guarded at night. If there
was a watchman, that individual would
have to be silenced. Doubtless there
was a police force in the town too;
he must make inquiries.
  Garbett came fo himself, and his eyes
read the signboard. Up to this time,
he had been too busy thinking to look.
Cabaret and Dance
Velma Dramatic Club
Tonight
  Garbett* chuckled with amusement
and strolled toward the garage. The
Riddicks could be disposed of very
simply. He remembered, now, that
Mrs. Riddick had drawn the conversa-
tion during luncheon to artistic chan-
nels. Of course she wanted to go to
the “Cabaret and Dance” that evening;
she was just the sort of woman who
would desire to shine in society. Her
diamonds insisted upon an audience.
  A grime and grease covered mechanic
willingly ceased his languid investiga-
tions into the interior of a flivver and
indulged in the luxury of a new
listener.
  “We’ve only got one policeman,” he
said, in answer to a question, “and he’s
the worse .one in the United States.
Prohibition ruined Pop Gordon; he’s
tried more recipes than any man in the
county, and he makes the worst hooch
in the State. Why, he fed some of
his stuff to a yellow dog I found, and
the dog chewed up a tire casing trying
to get the taste out of his mouth!”
“Then who- looks after traffic, and
keeps an eye on things at night?”
“Nobody,” answered the mechanic.
“There’s not much traffic anyhow.
Well, the next day, I saw that yellow
dog looking sick, and—”
  Garbett let the youth continue, and
finally satisfied himself that he had
nothing to fear from an unwelcome
' '
32
Appearances Are Deceiving
interrupter. By the time the garage
monologist had come to the end of his
seventh saga of the town of Velma it
was time for dinner.
  As he smoked a cigarette after the
evening meal, the crook recalled his
promise to Mazie. He had promised
her “something for her hair,” yet he
had not made a single purchase so far.
A kerosene motor chugged in the cellar
of the Riddick home, manufacturing
electricity for the illumination of the
house. Resplendently attired in a jade
canton crepe evening gown, with bouf-
fant draperies over the hips, Mrs. Rid-
dick wore, also, her complete collection
of diamonds.
  “Since you insist upon our going,”
she said, when she returned to the room
after a short absence, “I think we had
better start.”
  Garbett rose instantly and took her
opera cloak from her hands. She wore
a bar pin of astonishing brilliancy in
her hair at the side. The pin was
crescent-shaped, large, with the usual
simple clasp.
  Peter Riddick clambered into his
overcoat and put his hand on the elec-
tric light button preparatory to pressing
it. Mrs. Riddick held her cloak closely
about her. Garbett stood near her,
waiting until the lights should be ex-
tinguished. When they went out he
would take the pin.
  “We are sorry that you are going,”
said the bank president, as darkness
dashed into the room. “An honest man,
such as you, Mr. Garbett, is a rarity.
But I know—”
  At the words “honest man,” Garbett
had unclasped the crescent bar pin,
and by the time the sentence was
finished he had slipped it into his pocket.
Mazie was going to have a souvenir for
her hair!
  Turning, the crook followed Mrs.
Riddick from the room, leaving Peter
Riddick to follow from the farther
corner. The hour was 8:30, so he had
plenty of time.
  The walk through the crisp, fragrant
air to the station was a pleasure. Not
a cloud threatened from the sky; there
was no moon; only the faint radiance
of stars softened the darkness. Once
in the railroad station, Garbett opened
his suitcase and took out the bottle of
Danny's solvent.
  He had, in the breast pocket of his
coat, an eye-dropper, and he made sure
that this was in working order. The
station clock read 8:37. Garbett
waited five minutes more, and then re-
traced his steps as far as Riddick’s
home. Then the crook turned down
an alley, passed in the rear of the
garage and the drug store, and kept on
to the back entrance of the bank.
  His mind was at ease; he even had
an explanation prepared in case he was
stopped. Next door to the bank was
the hall where the “Cabaret and Dance”
was in progress. If questioned, Gar-
bett was prepared to say that he had
changed his mind and thought he would
look in on the festivities until train-
time. but had lost his way in the dark-
ness owing to his unfamiliarity with the
town. The explanation might not be
convincing, but if said with an air of
surprise and apology it would prob-
ably be believed.
  He reached the rear door of the bank
without trouble and extracted a short
bar of aluminum from a pocket. With
this he pushed down the cork in the
bottle of solvent until the liquid rose
above it. Then he pressed the rubber
bulb of the eye-dropper and half-filled
the glass tube. He carefully squirted
the solvent into the keyhole of the door,
directing the stream toward the bolt.
  A moment later he pulled upon the
door and it opened. The solvent had
acted instantly upon the metal lock of
the door. Garbett waited, straining
every muscle in an effort to hear a
Appearances Are Deceiving
33
sound from the interior of the darkened
building. There was the bare possibility
that Peter Riddick had dropped into
the bank for some purpose. But the
bank was deserted.
  From the adjoining building a
strong and untrained masculine voice
sang a negro dialect song written and
composed by two Jews. Garbett was
grateful for the noise; it made him feel
safe and secure. He slipped noiselessly
through the bank, looking into every
room to make sure that a watchman
would not surprise him later. Once
absolutely convinced that he alone was
in the building, he began operations
upon the safe.
  The bottle of solvent was tilted
against the back of the steel safe, and
a small stream poured. Then, with the
aluminum bar, Garbett dug the now
soft and crumbling steel out in a thin
line. Four feet to the left he poured
more of the solvent, and then a hori-
zontal line that connected the two
cavities. He worked in complete dark-
ness, thrusting with aluminum bar,
trusting to the messages of his fingers,
and he worked desperately fast.
  The singer in the adjoining building
had now received assistance. A dozen
voices joined in on the chorus in an
attempt at harmony. Garbett tore and
thrust at the crumbling wall of the
steel safe, digging a hole that led into
the depths of the strong-box. Like a
barrier, the wire wall cut off one-quar-
ter of the room, and the long desk were
heavy black shadows.
  Suddenly, every electric light in the
bank flashed into life. Garbett froze,
every muscle rigid, one arm elbow deep
into the wall of the safe. He had
been caught!
  One swift glance over his shoulder
and hope fell from him like a discarded
garment. A huge and well-polished
blue steel revolver, with a barrel eight
inches long, was being pointed straight
   B. M.—Apr.—3
at the crook’s back. If he rose or
moved that ponderous gun would ex-
plode. It was held by a nervous and
excited man, whose rubicund face iden-
tified him as Pop Gordon, the town
policeman.
  "Don’t move—don’t you dare move!”
ordered Pop, dragging a pair of hand-
cuffs from a sagging pocket of his
ancient overcoat. He clicked one hand-
cuff on Garbett’s right ankle, and the
other on his left. “Stay right where
you are.” He produced another pair
of handcuffs, and fastened the crook’s
hands behind his back.
  Peter Riddick had remained silent;
now he put his small automatic back
into his pocket. “Young man.” he said,
“I am certainly disappointed. I thought
you were honest. When I saw you steal
that crescent pin from my wife’s hair
I	was the most surprised man in Velma,
Delaware. I didn’t think—”
  “I’ll bet he’s a big New York crook,”
said Pop Gordon. “Come look at the
big hole in your safe, Mr. Riddick! If
we had waited—”
  Peter Riddick observed the opening
with brooding eyes. “That’s remark-
able, but—I am sorry this young man
made it. In about ten minutes he
has—” He turned once more to Gar-
bett. “I recall that your corkscrew—
fell to pieces. You are a clever young
man”—he shook his head sadly—“but
you are not an honest one.”
  Garbett knew that the evidence
against him was complete and damning.
He was helpless and hopeless. So he
refused to answer any of the questions
that were asked.
  Pop Gordon led the crook through
the starlit cool night, while the sound
of dance music lilted gayly through the
air. The huge, long-barreled revolver
was pressed nervously against the
crook’s side.
  “What’d you steal that pin for, any-
way?” asked Pop Gordon, “You
34
Appearances Are Deceiving
New Yorkers think you’re smart, but
you ain’t! You ain’t smart at all. There
was all that money in the bank, and
you’d ’a got it, if you hadn't been so
smart. Stealing a two-dollar dingus
from Mrs. Riddick’s hair and letting
her husband see you. Why, he came
right away and got me, and we followed
you the whole way from the railroad
station back to the bank. And all
because of that two-dollar pin.
  Garbett sneered, and his mouth
twisted in an unbelieving smile. “Two
dollars? It’s worth five hundred!
Isn’t she the wife of the president of
the bank?”
  “Yes, sure she is,” cackled Pop, his
watery eyes swimming with amusement.
“But she ain’t stuck up. She bought
that pin when she was a waitress in the
Busy Bee Restaurant; bought it from
a peddler long before she was married.
And she wears it just to show folks
that she ain’t stuck up, now that she
can afford the real thing. She says the
peddler told her the stones were real—
were real white sapphires that came
from Peru. And you thought you were
smart!”
  Long after he had heard the whistle
of the 9:45 train on its way to Wash-
ington, Garbett stayed awake. Pop
Gordon was right. He wasn’t smart.
He was a fool. Shackled and manacled,
locked in the county jail while the New
York police were being notified, Garbett
realized he was a fool. If he had only
been honest—
The Light That Lies
            By Pettersen Marzoni
WHIRLING dust devils danced
down the sun-baked road.
The heat from a brazen sky
beat on the head of the man
concealed in a clump of summer-dried
bushes. The heavy woolen garb of the
State prison clung to his bulky
shoulders, which seemed to steam under
the fierce sun.
  Eight hours before, he had crawled
into the shelter of the brush, and he
had at least eight hours to wait. He
was afraid to sleep, had sleep been
possible in the overpowering heat. He
knew that the chase was on.
  There was reason enough to pursue
Convict 1836, now free, aside from the
fact that in a house without the prison
walls a widow mourned a dead guard.
  The escape had been planned care-
fully, and so far each detail had
worked out perfectly. Except the dead
guard. That had been one of the con-
tingencies considered probable but
hoped improbable. However, what was,
was, and the man dismissed the
thought. He was to be hanged anyway.
  The road was empty of traffic. It
was a short cut through a mountain
pass from the main highway. Rarely
used, it was chosen by the man’s friends.
That morning at dawn he had drawn
back, eyes gleaming hatred and the
defiance of a wolf at bay, as he watched
a car of guards drive madly down the
road in the direction of Bayfield. The
convict had lived there, so it was the
first place of search. The man almost
laughed at the simplicity of their
reasoning.
  For hours he lay still in his thin
cover of brush, fearing to seek the
cooler shadows of the scrubby willows
he could see in the hollow just below
him. The guards might return. He
tried to review the details of his fur-
ther flight. The car would come for
him at eight that night; they would
detour around Bayfield to Edgewood.
He wondered who would drive the
car—they hadn’t told him.
  But it was too hot to think. He
had to find shade. The thin mesquite
offered no protection from the sun now
high overhead. And those willows
looked so cool. He decided to try for
them.
  Cautiously he began to work his way
down through the scrub growth. He
was afraid to leave the bushes and to
keep behind them he couldn’t rise to
his feet. Once he slipped and rolled
down a little gully. A sharp flint at
the bottom gashed his head.
  The blood from the cut mingled with
the streaked grime on his face. With
oaths he removed the spines of a prickly
pear from an incautious hand. The
trip of the night before was as nothing
to the slow crawl through the all-too-
thin fringe of brush.
  Finally he slipped into the clumps
of willows. Luxuriously he buried his
face in the rank grass—growth of the
recent Spring rains. He stretched him-
self at length and reached for his
cigarettes. Then he remembered he
couldn’t risk a smoke.
  But it was almost cool here anyway.
He sat up and looked around. A de-
pression hid him from the road if he
kept his head down. The leaves hid
35
36
The Light That Lies
him from overhead observation. He
lifted his head above the ridge and in-
spected the growth on the other side of
the road.
  Then he saw it. It was the reflec-
tion of the sunlight on the tail lamp
of an automobile, drawn up in the
bushes. Now he could make out the
shape of the car behind the curtain of
leaves. How had it come there? It
hadn’t arrived since he had.
  Why should anyone leave a car
there ?
  When was the owner coming back?
Suppose he arrived when Slim Bates
came for him. Then this other car
might take up the pursuit, and he would
be taken back. Everyone knew he was
out now, and they knew about the
guard too.
  He cursed. Why was anyone using
this road? It wasn’t a highway.
There weren’t even any ranches on it.
Probably it was only a joyrider who
had smashed up his car. and it would
stay there for a day or two.
  But that explanation didn’t satisfy.
The man could see that other car pur-
suing him. He knew his friends would
send a racing car. and they could out-
run that thing in the bushes. But the
police might see the race. And then
where would he be? Even now there
might be someone waiting behind that
screen of leaves.
  The car preyed on his mind. The
convict tried to turn his back on it—
to forget it. But always he returned
to gaze on it and vision the pursuit
through the night. He had to do some-
thing.
  Like a sprinter he drew himself up
on his finger-tips. Like a streak of
dirty gray he hurled himself across the
road to fall panting beside the car.
With a twist he rolled into the brush.
Fearing almost to breathe, he lay still.
But there was no stir in the car. The
whir of a winging grasshopper was the
only sound other than his own labored
breathing.
  With infinite caution the man edged
his way up to the front of the car.
Carefully he raised himself to his knees.
Now that he was there what was he
going to do? He was not familiar with
the mechanism of automobiles, but he
knew the engine was the source of its
trouble as well as its power. He had
seen Slim Bates working on a flivver
once, and he had lifted the hood.
  Slowly he released the catches of the
hood of this car that stood between
him and liberty. Gently he raised it
until the engine was revealed. Then
he looked with bewilderment at the
unfathomed mysteries before him.
Baffled, he couldn’t decide what to do.
Wires led everywhere, and the thing
seemed inclosed in an impassable cas-
ing of iron.
  But the wires were open. With teeth
showing in rage, he caught them where
they led from the fuse-board and tore
them loose. There was the ferocity of
murder in the strength that broke the
set screws from the board.
  “Now get me,” he snarled as he
lowered the hood into place.
II
  Robert Emmet Long was in a hurry.
He didn’t like driving at night, par-
ticularly through the Bayfield cutoff.
About half a mile from the main high-
way his lights blinked twice, then went
out. There was a screech of protesting
brakes as he brought the car to a
stop.
  “Wait till I get that garage man,”
Long groaned as he climbed out. The
trouble wasn’t much. Just a loose con-
nection and in a few minutes he had
found it. The lights blinked several
times, then settled inlo a steady glow.
  “Thank God, you got here, bo.
Where’s Slim Bates?”
The Light That Lies
37
  Long’s nerves were good, but he al-
most sent the car crashing into a gully
at the roadside as the question came to
him from the rear seat.
 Who was it? How had he got
there? What did Slim Bates have to
do with it? Everyone knew of Bates,
the fixer and friend of crooks in Bay-
field. Who would be waiting silently
in the cutoff for a car sent by Slim
Bates? There must be some sinister
reason.
  And the back of Long’s neck crawled
as he remembered the afternoon paper.
It had told of the escape of a convict
awaiting action on a hopeless plea for
a reprieve for murder. He had killed
a guard. Could he be the man behind
him? It couldn’t be anyone else, and
Long thanked the gods of chance for
the darkness that hid him. He didn’t
dare turn. He could feel the double
murderer behind him with a gun at
his back, awaiting some move. But he
had to do something.
  “Just a minute, this is a bad stretch
of road here,” Long replied, trying to
collect his thoughts.
  His way out lay through Slim. He
had to take a chance.
  “Slim is waiting for you. He was
afraid to try it himself,” Long tried
desperately to be matter of fact.
Would he get away with it?
  The convict peered at the man who
was now driving the car madly through
the night. He didn't look like a friend
of Slim’s. And this sedan, richly up-
holstered, wasn’t the kind of car he had
expected.
  “Where’d he get you? I never saw
you before.”
  Where did Slim get him? Long
sought for an answer. He had never
seen Slim Bates. He knew him only
by reputation.
  “No, you haven’t seen me before.
Slim got me so the officers wouldn’t
suspect anything. I owe him a big
favor for getting me out of trouble
once.”
  It sounded reasonable enough, but the
man on the back seat wasn’t sure. Slim
ought to have come himself. However,
this man had given him the signal with
the lights—two flashes.
  “Well, if Slim sent you I guess it’s
all right. It had better be. Where’s
Slim goin’ to meet me? Edgewood?”
  Long almost sighed his relief. At
last he had something to go ahead on.
Edgewood was the meeting place then.
If he could get him to Edgewood he
might find a wav out.
  “Yes.”
  “Where’s my clothes?”
  Again Long took a chance.
  “At the Edgewood Hotel.”
  “How in hell am I goin’ to get in any
hotel in this stuff?” and the convict tore
savagely at his prison jacket.
  Again Long felt that crawling sensa-
tion at the back of his neck. There was
menace in his tone. How could he get
to the officers before the hotel was
reached? But he thanked the dealer
who had sold him the cap.and long dust
coat under the back seat.
  “I was afraid to bring too much.
You'll find a long coat and a cap under
that seat you’re sitting on. Roll up your
trousers and put them on. Just as soon
as you get to my room, I’ll get your
clothes.”
  Grumblingly, the convict dug the coat
and cap from under the back seat as
the car lurched on through the night.
The guv might be an outsider, but he
sure could drive, and Slim had sent him.
The man settled down comfortably and
thought of that car back in the bushes—
the car that wouldn’t be able to pursue
him. He could smoke now, and he did.
  Long was driving faster than he had
ever driven before, but the speed was
slow compared to his racing brain. What
was he to do? The convict was armed.
He had shot down a guard. Perhaps he
38
The Light That Lies
didn’t know the road to Edgewood, and
Long might turn off the Bayfield when
he reached the highway. How could
he find out ?
  Then, too, there was the real car
Slim Bates was sending after him. Per-
haps that was roaring down the road
behind him even now. Apparently it had
been due just when he arrived.
  He stepped on the accelerator as the
car started to climb the last grade where
the cutoff joined the main highway.
The lights of Edgewood would be in
sight then, and he would have to decide
quickly whether to try the run for Bay-
field. The car reached the top of the
grade and shot down the road at a speed
that drove the convict against the back
of the car.
  “Slow down, bo, slow down,” came
the harsh command from the back seat.
"Do you want one of these Bayfield
speed cops stopping us? They used to
hang around here."
  Long’s question was answered. He
had to keep on to Edgewood.
  The man on the rear seat stirred un-
easily. Why was Slim getting so care-
ful? And if he couldn’t come himself,
why did he have to pick an outsider?
This one could drive all right, but he
didn’t like it. He’d tell Slim so when
he met him.
  “Where’d you say Slim was going to
meet me?” he asked again.
  “At the Edgewood Hotel; I will have
to go for him"; Long had to stick by
his story.
  The convict didn’t like the idea of the
hotel. Why didn’t Slim pick out one
of the regular hangouts.
  “How you goin’ to get me in that
hotel? I can’t go through the front.
Slim must be crazy sending me to a
hotel where the bulls could find me with-
out lookin'.”
  Why had Slim picked out a hotel?
It didn’t seem natural. Again Long
took a chance.
  “A hotel is just the place they
wouldn’t look for you. It’s too public.
I’ll take you up the back way.”
  “And have everybody asking why.
No you don’t.”
  “No one will see you but the porter,
and he knows me. I live there.” If he
could get the man to his room he might
find a way. That menacing tone behind
him had driven out any thought of
attempting to hail an officer.
  “Well, see that you keep to the dark
streets. I don’t like this much,” and
the convict’s tone carried dread.
  They were in the outskirts of Edge-
wood, and the man on the back seat
pillled the cap down over his eyes and
huddled into a corner. His eyes never
left Long's hands as they gripped the
steering wheel. He wasn’t quite sure
of this driver, even though he talked so
smoothly.
  And Long gave up hope of being
stopped by a policeman. That first cau-
tion about driving had been sufficient.
He was going carefully now. Through
side streets and up alleys he drove and
he twisted and turned by devious ways.
Long could not shake off the thought
of Slim Bates following close behind.
Finally he brought the car to a stop.
  In an instant the convict was leaning
over him. and Long’s vision of the re-
volver at his back was a reality.
  “What are you doin’?” he demanded.
A nameless iron door showed under the
glare of a light. Iron doors meant
barred windows to the man who had
done murder to escape them. And there
was murder in his voice now.
  “This is the back door of the Edge-
wood Hotel,” and Long struggled to
keep his voice steady. “Wait until I
get the porter."
  “Don’t you leave me. Just knock
until he comes.”
  So, Long knocked and prayed that
no questions would be asked by whoever
opened it. Eventually the knock was
The Light That Lies
39
answered, and a negro stuck his head
out. The convict settled back in his
seat, but Long could still feel in mem-
ory the ominous thrust of the revolver
muzzle.
 "Whacha want?” the porter de-
manded. "Howdy, Mista Long, I didn’t
reckugnize you. Is they anythin’ the
mattah ?”
  "Nothing, Julius. Just a friend of
mine in an accident, and I want to take
him upstairs the back way to my
room.”
  "Come right on in. It’s suttinly too
bad. Is you hurt much?” and Julius
looked with amazement at the dust-
covered, blood-streaked man who ac-
companied Long. But the negro went
without an answer as he took them up
in the freight elevator.
  The corridors were empty as Long
led the way to his room.
  “Slim said not to telephone, but to
come for him,” Long said when they
were inside. "You wash up, and I’ll go
get him.”
  “Looka here. I don’t like this. Slim
ain’t actin’ right.”
  "He figured it out as the best way.
I’m risking my neck helping you now.
You will have to fight it out with Slim.
I’d take you out, but Slim said he would
bring your clothes when I got you here.
You can’t wear mine.” The convict
didn’t reply as he felt the constriction
of the dust coat across his burly shoul-
ders.
  “Make yourself comfortable. I’ll
bring Slim back with me,” Long started
for the door.
  “Well, see’t you make it snappy,” and
the convict threw himself onto the bed.
  He stretched himself luxuriously.
This was something like. He was al-
most free now. Slim would have the
rest of it all arranged. He burrowed
his way down into the softness of the
bed. How tired he was. That guy
who brought him here wasn’t so bad,
after all. He would tell him so when
he came back. He thought at first he’d
made a mistake. But old Slim knew
what he was doing, and now Slim was
coming. Nothing further to worry
about.
  A knock on the door roused him from
a doze. Sleepily he rose to his feet.
Slim was here, and soon he could go to
bed for a week.
  He crossed the room hastily and
opened the door.
  With mouth agape he stared into a
revolver in the hands of a detective.
Ill
  Back in the Bayfield cutoff Slim
Bates raised the hood of his car, drawn
into the bushes at the side of the road,
and cursed. Every connection had been
tom loose from the fuse-board.
The Trap
  By R. T. M. Scott
I
THE dusty, sun-baked train of the
Madras Railway rumbled across
the long bridge over the Kistna
River and came to a halt at Bez-
wada. Smith of the Criminal Intelli-
gence Department of India threw open
the door of his first-class compartment
and strolled indolently through the
throng of shouting natives toward the
station restaurant. Shrill-voiced paw-
nee-%vallahs lugged their skins of water
from window to window of the third-
class carriages and sweetmeat venders
cried the virtues of their confections as
they held their trays aloft.
  It was an old story to Smith and one
might have thought that he paid no at-
tention whatever to his surroundings.
He, gave no sign of interest but in
reality he was keenly interested. Three
times during the last ten days had his
life been attempted. It was well for
him to be on the alert.
  After a light tiffin Smith sauntered
up and down the platform for a few
minutes before the train was due to re-
sume its long journey to Calcutta. He
was the only white man among the
crowds of natives. Indeed there were
only two first-class compartments on
the entire train. One of these—directly
in rear of Smith’s compartment—was
reserved for ladies. An unusually old
ayah scuttled backwards and forwards
between this compartment and the res-
taurant. She was busy with refresh-
ments for her mistress, who preferred
not to leave the train and who kept her
blinds drawn against the curious gaze
of the natives.
  Sharp toots of warning from the
engine caused Smith to turn abruptly
and enter his compartment. As he
closed the door behind him he heard it
opened again and he turned like a flash
to ascertain the cause. Unexpected oc-
currences had come to have ominous
significance for him of late.
  What Smith saw upon turning, how-
ever, did not seem very dangerous. He
was a dapper, little man who entered,
smooth shaven and far from strong in
physical appearance. He threw his
topee into the rack for small parcels
and sat down upon the seat opposite
to the one upon which Smith’s kit was
lying. No word was spoken. White
men who live in India do not talk much
without a formal introduction.
  Smith paid as little outward attention
to his new traveling companion as he
had paid to the throngs of natives upon
the station platform. As the train
gathered way he stretched himself full
length upon his seat and lighted a
cigarette. Notwithstanding his ap-
parent indifference, however, Smith had
noted several things which the ordinary
observer might have failed to perceive.
Instinctively he felt that the little man
had attempted to display an easy manner
that he did not feel when he threw
the topee into the rack.
  Smith felt that the act was an at-
tempt at nonchalance and was not
genuine. He noted, too, that the man
had no native servant which is unusual
for the first-class traveler of the East.
In addition to this the eyes of the little
man had a story to tell. They were not
straight eyes. They were shifty and it
was Smith’s professiori to read eyes.
41
42
The Trap
He closed his own as he tossed his
cigarette out of the window, but opened
them again at once. The man on
the opposite seat was looking at
Smith and he was looking at Smith’s
eyes.
  Smith stretched wearily and settled a
pillow more comfortably as if preparing
for a snooze. The shifty eyes had
darted away and the little man busied
himself in examining the rush screen
in the center window upon his side
which is constructed so that water may
drip downward and cool the air by
evaporation.
  Smith observed the sudden interest
in something other than himself and
read the action once more as not being
genuine. Again he closed his eyes and
it was impossible to see that they flut-
tered open just far enough for obser-
vation. It was hot and sultry and sleep
comes easily and unexpectedly under
these conditions. Smith knew this and
he knew that his life might depend upon
his remaining awake. He might be
wrong but his life of adventure had
taught him the value of deduction com-
bined with intuition. Previously the
man he was hunting had sent natives
to kill him. Now he had sent another
white man. If Smith could last out
long enough the man himself would
come and then the battle would be de-
cided once and for all—one way or the
other.
  The man on the seat opposite soon
lost interest in the automatic cooler.
He drew a small book from his pocket
and settled back as if to read. As the
train rattled on along the Madras coast
the reader’s eyes glanced over the top
of his book at the tall man stretched
silently upon the seat. Gradually
Smith’s breathing became deeper and
more uniform. Once the little man
dropped his book but the breathing did
not alter. A minute or two afterwards
he rose from his seat and took a pace
toward Smith, only to sit down again
very suddenly as the door of the tiny
servants’ compartment opened.
  Langa Doonh's spotless white livery
and towering turban were as imma-
culate on board train as they were when
standing behind his master’s chair at a
dinner party. It was one of Langa
Doonh’s secrets—and he had many
since he had entered the service of
Smith sahib. Other servants might be
dirty when they traveled and none too
clean at any time, but Langa Doonh
was the servant of Smith sahib who
was the greatest sahib in all India—
to Langa Doonh.
  To all appearances it made no differ-
ence whether the little man had sat
down leisurely or hurriedly. He might
have been a thousand miles away for
all the attention he was accorded by the
servant who had so suddenly entered
the compartment. Silently, with bare
feet, he moved about. With a small
whisk he cleaned every inch of floor
upon his master’s side of the compart-
ment and not an inch did he touch upon
the stranger’s side. With mathematical
precision he adjusted Smith’s cigarettes,
matches and watch which lay upon the
small table at his head. This finished
he withdrew to his own compartment
and closed the door without the slightest
sound.
  Five minutes followed, during which
Smith’s even breathing continued and
the stranger read but failed to turn a
page of his book. At the end of that
time the little man dropped one hand
into his side pocket. No longer was he
looking at the book, although it was still
held in his left hand. His eyes narrowed
as they gazed hard at the prostrate man
whose steady breathing showed no sign
of altering. Little by little the right
hand came out of the pocket and with
it emerged a black automatic. It was
half out when Smith spoke.
  “Put it on the seat beside you and be
The Trap
43
careful not to point the muzzle this
way.”
  Smith’s eyes were open and over his
leg was oointing the barrel of a gun
quite as black and formidable as the
stranger’s. Quickly the little man
obeyed and, dropping his book, sat
motionless. There was nothing else to
do.
  “Sahib call?”
  The door of the servants’ compart-
ment stood open and Langa Doonh re-
garded the scene as if automatic pistols
were matters of ordinary occurrence in
his life.
  “Cigarette aur dyasali lao," drawled
Smith.
  Carefully the boy reached for the
cigarettes and matches. Extracting a
single cigarette he placed it in the dis-
engaged hand of his master and, light-
ing a match, applied it to the cigarette
when Smith was ready. Not once did
he come between the muzzle of his
master's gun and the man opposite.
For an instant he hesitated and then
returned to his own compartment, clos-
ing the door once more.
  “Why shouldn’t I clean my pistol ?”
asked the stranger, who had had lime
to think a little.
  “Because I got mine out first,”
snapped Smith. “Pass yours over with
the muzzle toward yourself.”
  The man shrugged his shoulders and
obeyed.
  “Stand tip, turn your back and grip
the rack above your head with both
hands,” ordered Smith.
  Smith rose and searched the man but
found nothing beyond a railroad ticket
to Calcutta and a few rupee notes of
low denomination. He reached up and
took one of the man's hands off the
rack in order to examine a curious tur-
quoise ring. He slipped the ring off the
finger but returned it upon finding no
initials upon the inside. Shoving the
man down into his seat in no gentle
 manner Smith resumed his reclining
 position as if the affair had lost interest
 for him.
   “What’s your name?” he queried
 indifferently.
  There was no answer from the
 stranger, who remained inert and
 crumpled in the corner of his seat where
 he had been jammed.
 , “It doesn’t matter,” continued Smith.
 “Go to your master and tell him that
 the wholesale stealing of jewels in India
 for sale to tourists in Ceylon must stop.
 He knows that I caught his best agent
 in Ceylon and that his business is al-
 ready crippled. Tell him that it will
 only be a matter of time before I catch
 him and that I may not bother to take
 him alive since he has sent so many
 people to put me out of the way.”
   “You mean that I am free to go?”
 asked the little man in surprise.
   “Uh-huh,” said Smith.
  “When?”
   “Now, if you like,” was the careless
 reply.
   Suddenly the eyes of the little man
 gleamed. Rising, he darted to the door,
 opened it and stepped out.
   The train was crawling up an incline
 and there was a sandy embankment
 beside the roadbed. Smith did not even
 trouble himself to look out.
   “Boy!” he called.
   “Sahib?” replied the native servant,
 who had opened his door instantly.
   “Darwaza bundo!”
   Unconcernedly the native closed the
 door which the dapper little man had
 left open when he stepped out. What
 mattered it to Langa Doonh if his mas-
 ter had seen fit to throw another sahib
 out of the compartment? It was quite
 proper for his master to do such a
 thing but it would be highly improper
 for him to bother closing the door
 afterwards so long as he, Langa Doonh,
 was present.
   Alone once more Smith again lay
44
The Trap
back upon his pillow and reflected upon
the situation. Was his course of action
best suited to bring out the man he
wanted? Would the head of the or-
ganization of thieves attempt a personal
blow when so many of his agents con-
tinued to fail? Did he lack personal
courage or was he, perhaps, known to
Smith and feared recognition in the
event of a failure to kill? These and
similar thoughts occupied the mind of
the man upon the carriage seat until he
was suddenly interrupted in a most
unexpected manner.
II
  Leaping to his feet Smith pressed
an ear'against the thin partition which
separated his compartment from the
one in the rear. Above the noise of the
train he had distinctly heard a feminine
shriek. Again, with his ear against the
wood, he heard the high-pitched
agonized call of a woman. The screams
changed quickly to a low groaning
which could scarcely be distinguished
and then only the rattle of the train
remained.
  For an instant Smith reached for
the chain of the emergency alarm but,
changing his mind, opened the door and
leaned out. It was before the time
that the Government did away with
the running-boards on account of the
number of murders by assassins who
crept along the outside of trains and
struck through the open windows at
those who slept.
  Smith glanced at the foot-board with
a question in his eyes. It was possible
—just possible—that the little man had
not jumped off the train, after all. With
care he could have bent low and crept
back along the train. Would he have
dared to attack a woman so close to
an agent of the Criminal Intelligence
Department ? Smith thought not. Was
it a trap? It seemed impossible.
  No matter what might be the ex-
planation, a woman in distress had
called—and Smith swung himself out
upon the running-board. As he clung
to the hand-grips 011 the outside of
the swaying train and worked his way
backward the head of Langa Doonh
protruded from one of the windows.
  “Sahib?” the boy whispered en-
quiringly.
  Smith placed a finger upon his lips
and motioned his servant back just as
he passed the last of his own compart-
ment windows.
  A hurt look spread over the face of
the native boy as he withdrew from the
window. Sometimes, when his master
went upon particularly hazardous ex-
peditions, Langa Doonh was left be-
hind. The boy grieved over these oc-
currences but, above all else, he had to
obey. To disobey Smith sahib was so
utterly impossible as to be beyond his
imagination.
  There being nothing else to do,
Langa Doonh decided to clean the com-
partment once more. He was bending
over to brush up the dust and cinders
that had accumulated when something
hard flew through the window upon the
opposite side of the train to that upon
which Smith had made his exit. Langa
Doonh fell senseless to the floor,
while a heavy rock lay by his head.
Instantly the almost naked body of a
native wriggled through the window
from whence the stone had come.
  The intruding native knelt quickly
and proceeded to bind the hands and
feet of his victim with a stout cord
that he took from around his waist.
With a strip torn from his loin-cloth
he forced a gag into Langa Doonh’s
■mouth and dragged him most un-
ceremoniously back into his tiny com-
partment. the door of which he bolted
before climbing out through the same
window through which he had entered.
  As Smith reached the first window
The Trap
45
of the compartment in rear of the one
he had left he held with one hand to the
iron support while, with the other, he
nursed his gun just inside the breast
of his pongee coat. Very carefully he
raised his head and looked inside.
  There was but one occupant to be
seen. Upon the opposite seat lay a
young woman. Her back was turned
and she appeared to be sobbing her
heart out into a cushion. Her body
shook almost as if in convulsions.
  Smith spoke, but the distracted wo-
man paid no attention or failed to hear
the rather low voice above the rattle of
the train. His eyes searching every
corner of the compartment and keenly
inspecting the figure of the crying wo-
man, Smith moved on from window to
window until he reached the door,
which he opened, and stepped inside.
For a minute or two he stood motion-
less while he examined the contents of
the compartment, noting white-covered
umbrella, gloves, green veiling and some
toilet articles upon the small table.
Everything appeared to be genuine—
and yet Smith was not satisfied.
  Turning to the door of the servants’
compartment he jerked it quickly open
and glanced inside. Lying upon the
floor, with her head resting upon her
bundle, was the old ayah whom Smith
had seen upon the station platform.
Her closed eyes and heavy breathing
gave every indication of sleep, which is
so commonly indulged in, whenever
possible, by the native during the heat
of the day.
  Smith closed the door very quietly.
Since entering the compartment Smith’s
eyes had not left the figure of the sob-
bing woman for more than a couple of
seconds. He felt that -something was
wrong and, intuitively, he sensed the
presence of danger but he cpuld not
tell where it lay.
  Not quite decided as to his course
of action, Smith opened the door oppo-
site to that which he had entered and
threw one swift look back toward the
compartment lie had left. Even then,
although he had seen that which caused
him deep concern, his eyes flashed back
to the figure of the girl, whose sobbing
had nearly ceased. He had just seen a
strange native crawling from the
window of his own compartment. The
incident needed quick investigation but
first lie must question the girl.
  Smith took one step toward the now
silent girl and his lanky, loose-framed
body tensed as he crouched into the
springing attitude of one of the jungle
beasts of prey. Such a little thing he
had seen—just an exposed finger upon
which was a peculiar turquoise ring.
The sudden crouch undoubtedly saved
his life. There was the sharp crack of
a small caliber pistol as the girl raised
her head and fired over her reclining
body.
Ill
  Smith did not return the fire al-
though his pistol was drawn. Instead
he hurled his body forward as the bea'st
of prey that he resembled might have
done. One long arm shot out and the
pistol was seized with lean fingers and
wrenched away before the girl could
press the trigger a second time. The
girl, nonplussed by the suddenness of
her defeat, sat up, her face exposed. A
broad grin spread over Smith’s face.
All his indolence of manner returned.
Carelessly he stretched out a hand and
lifted the mass of curls from her head.
Before him sat the dapper little man
who had pretended to jump from the
train.
  “Got any more guns?” asked Smith.
  The little man sullenly shook his head
but Smith made certain by a thorough
patting from head to foot.
  “Put your hair on again,” continued
Smith, tossing back the curly wig, “and
46
The Trap
climb back into my compartment. You
are cleverer than I thought and 1 think
I’ll take you to Calcutta. You are al-
most clever enough to be the man I
am after; but 110,”—Smith paused in
thought—“he would have removed the
turquoise ring.”
  The man in worn an % attire looked
down at the ring and sullenly turned
the blue stone in.
  “So that was what warned you,” he
commented. “Shall I get out of these
woman’s things?”
  "No,” returned Smith. “Get out on
the running-board and back to my com-
partment just as you are. If you try
to jump off I’ll shoot you before you
touch the ground.”
  Few people hang their heads out of
the windows of Indian trains on the
long, dusty stretches between stations.
Nobody saw a man and a woman cling-
ing to the foot-board of the swaying
train. Had they done so they would
have noticed that the woman went first
and that the man did not bother to offer
the slightest assistance to his companion.
Indeed, when the woman came opposite
to the first window of the adjoining
compartment she caught her skirt on a
loose screw of an iron hand-grip and
seemed to be in considerable difficulty.
Even then the man, only a few feet be-
hind her, offered no help. After con-
siderable delay, however, he became im-
patient and spoke in a low voice.
  ‘.'Move on,” he said, “or I’ll shoot
your drests free.”
  The delay had considerably ex-
asperated Smith, who was anxious to
ascertain what the strange native had
been doing in his compartment. As
he followed his captive through the
door he dropped the gun, which he
had been carrying, into his side pocket
and turned toward the servants’ com-
partment.
  ‘‘Your hands up, old chap, if you
don’t mind.”
  Smith wheeled, but it was too late.
Stretched full length upon the long seat,
so close to the windows as to have been
invisible to Smith as he climbed along
the running-board, was the ayah—the
infirm old native woman who had ap-
parently been sleeping so soundly but a
few minutes before. In her hand was
a pistol and Smith’s hands slowly went
above his head. It was the ayah and
yet it was not. The sluggish mentality
of an old native woman was gone and
with it the timorous attitude of the
humble servant. Only his long training
in self-control allowed Smith to depict
the outward indifference that he was
far from feeling.
  “Just turn your back, old dear,” con-
tinued the man’s voice of this strange
ayah, "while a woman takes off a few of
her clothes.”
  It was undoubtedly a man who spoke
and with the words he rose and be-
gan unwinding a long, dirty sari from
about his head and waist. With
the sari came the gray matted wig,
revealing nut-brown, close-cropped
hair.
  “Shall I go through his pockets?”
asked the dapper little man. “He’s got
a gun.”
  “You have blundered twice already,
Higgins,” was the reply in sarcastic
tones. “I would as soon trust a baby
with a razor as I would you with this
man again. Go back to my compart-
ment and bring my clothes. Change
your own while you are there.”
  As Higgins once more climbed out
upon the foot-board the other man
tossed out of a window the long, cotton,
bandage-like garment and revealed a
circle of dark skin where a skimpy
white jacket failed to reach down to a
sagging woolen skirt. Deftly he picked
Smith’s gun from his pocket and. with
a few expert pats, located and extracted
the two pistols that Smith had taken
from Higgins. Meanwhile Smith, tall
The Trap
47
and angular, stood silently with his
hands tip and his back turned.
  “Now that your teeth are drawn,
Mr.—ah—Smith, you might make your-
self comfortable on the opposite seat.”
Smith quietly did as was suggested
and gazed, in a bored manner, at the
opposite seat, where sat the incongruous
figure of a white man partly disguised
as an old native woman. He gave but
a glance at the gun resting on the seat
beside his companion and then studied
the remarkably clever make-up on the
face. As he looked he began to smile.
  “So you came down the opposite side
of the carriage and arrived first while
our friend Higgins pretended to have
his skirt caught and so delayed me?”
“A fairly clever deduction,” returned
the man with the gun. “Anything else
you would like to ask?”
  “It would interest me to know why
Mr. Sterne, the well-known pearl buyer
of Calcutta, has taken to thieving.”
  “I am honored by your recognition,”
was the suave reply. “Perhaps you re-
member a game of billiards that we had
at the club. You said then that the only
profession more exciting than the de-
tection of crime was the profession of
the criminal. That is true. You do not
detect crime for money but for the ex-
citement. There h not sufficient excite-
ment in your profession to satisfy me.”
“And yet,” continued Smith in an
easy conversational tone, “throughout
all India your word is known to be as
good as your certified check.”
  “To break one’s word is to lose one’s
self-respect,” replied Sterne. “To steal
is to lose the respect of a few people
for whose esteem you may not care a
snap of your finger.”
  “All honest men despise a thief.”
“There are few honest men,” was the
cool reply, “and most of them are
stupid.”
  “May I smoke?” asked Smith, lan-
guidly gazing out of the window,
although he was keenly estimating the
distance to the next station.
  Sterne took a package of Smith’s own
cigarettes from the table and tossed it
over. He followed it with a box of
matches before adding:
  “We are coming to the Small towrf
of Ellore. It is extremely unlikely that
there will be any first-class passengers
or that anybody will come near this
compartment. However, I will pull
down the blinds on this side, which is
next to the station. Whatever happens
I will handle the situation, and if you
make the slightest untoward move I
shall be forced to shoot—and shoot to
kill.”
IV
  Smith made no reply and smoked
lazily, leaning back with his eyes half
closed. He was puzzled about Langa
Doonh. He knew that the boy’s train-
ing would make him try to keep in
touch with his master. Had he heard
through his thin door? If so, what was
he doing? Had he met with foul play
at the hands of the strange native?
Smith feared for his servant and it wor-
ried him even more than his own awk-
ward predicament.
  When the train stopped at Ellore it
was just as Sterne had anticipated. No
stranger came near their compartment.
A few seconds before the train started,
however, Higgins entered from the plat-
form, dressed in his own clothes and
with a suitcase in his hand.
  “Sit here,” directed Sterne very
curtly. “Take this gun and shoot him
if he moves.”
  Smith reflected that it was fifty miles
to the next station, which was Rajah-
tnundry, an important one on the Goda-
very River. At Rajahmundry he felt
sure that the guard would look into his
compartment. Instinctively he knew
that his critical moment must arrive
48
The Trap
before the train stopped again. The
failure of his boy to appear at the last
station convinced him that he had to
depend entirely upon himself. Only
his own wits could save him.
  Meanwhile Sterne had opened the
suitcase and taken out a bottle of whit-
ish fluid with which he liberally sponged
face, neck, hands and wrists. Magically
the dark skin turned to the sunburned
hue of the average European. Disre-
garding the remainder of his body he
quickly donned the white man’s garb,
standing forth in a faultlessly pressed
suit of white flannels. The transforma-
tion was almost incredible. Where had
been a slovenly old ayah was a smartly
dressed white man of India.
  “While I was dressing, an idea oc-
curred to me,” said Sterne, taking the
pistol from Higgins and sitting down
opposite to Smith. "It is foolish for
any man to commit murder so long as
he can get somebody else to do it for
a few hundred rupees. Any man with
brains would be willing to pay more
than that to escape the danger of the
death penalty. However, nobody seems
to be able to kill you—even when you
walk straight into my trap. It remains
for me to do it. Isn’t that reasonable?”
  “Uh-huh,” said Smith very casually,
"but what’s the idea that occurred to
you while dressing?”
  "Look!” continued Sterne, carelessly
throwing open the door of the small
servants’ compartment. "My servant
carried out my orders in regard to your
servant.”
  Through the open door Smith saw
the bound form of Langa Doonh lying
upon the floor. A great load was lifted
from his mind at the sight. Smith was
fond of Langa Doonh, and dead people
do not have their legs tied.
  “I merely show you this so that you
may know how utterly helpless you are.”
continued Sterne as he closed the door
and resumed his seat. “It would be
weak-minded for me to kill you if I can
find another solution. You have inti-
mated that I never break my word. The
same truth applies to you. Every crim-
inal in India knows it. Your word would
be accepted by any thief with brains if
he has worked long in this country.”
“Your proposition?” drawled Smith.
“I will spare your life,” returned
Sterne, "if you will promise to do as I
tell you.”
  Smith merely raised his eyebrows in
an interrogative manner.
  “You will get off the train at Rajah-
mundry.” continued Sterne, "and go
down the Godavery River by native
boat to Yanaon, which is a French pos-
session. There you will take ship out
of India and you will never set foot in
this country again.”
  "An interesting idea,” replied Smith
but showing slight interest. "Will you
entertain a counter proposition from
me?”
  "Proceed.”
  “I will give you two hundred thou-
sand rupees in jewels if you will go
down the Godavery River and leave the
country as you would have me do.”
“Scarcely enough, old dear,” bantered
Sterne, but a gleam came into his eyes.
  “You forget,” argued Smith, "that
you will avoid the necessity of killing
me and thereby escape the unpleasant-
ness of a death penalty hanging over
your head. That surely is worth sev-
eral lakhs of rupees.”
  Through his half-shut eyes, as he
smoked. Smith believed that he could
detect upon the face of his opponent the
faintest trace of cunning covetousness.
He was fencing for his life and was
about to deliver his most skilful thrust.
Failure to penetrate his adversary’s
guard almost surely would forfeit his
life or his honor. With apparent un-
concern he flicked the ash from his
cigarette and waited for the reply.
  "Just—a—what jewels are these?”
The Trap	49.
  “The loot that your organization
collected and which came into my hands
when I captured your lieutenant in
Ceylon.”
  Sterne’s eyes narrowed as he scru-
tinized the face of the agent of the
Criminal Intelligence Department. He
knew that Smith was far removed from
a fool and he tried to read the thoughts
of the man who smoked his cigarette
so calmly in the face of death or dis-
honor.
  “I had hoped to use the jewels,” con-
tinued Smith, “to bait a very beautiful
trap for you in Calcutta.”
  “You have them here ?”
  Smith’s eyelids quivered ever so little.
It might have been smoke and it
might have been nervousness. He was
playing to a subtle audience and
the least bit of overacting would be
fatal.
  “Is it a bargain?” he asked. “Will
you accept the jewels?”
  “I have made no promise but I will
inspect your dispatch box,” replied
Sterne, indicating with his pistol a
leather-covered box of considerable
size which lay upon the floor. “If the
jewels are there they are mine without
the trouble of making a bargain.”
  “Permit me to open the box,” oifered
Smith, extracting a small key from his
pocket and bending forward rather
eagerly.
  “Sit back!” snapped Sterne. “Throw
me the key.”
  Smith tossed over the key and
shrugged his shoulders resignedly while
Sterne glanced from the dispatch box
to Higgins and hesitated.
  “Open the box for the gentleman,
Higgins, like a good boy,” interposed
Smith with what might possibly have
been a gleam of hope in his eyes.
  “Shoot him if he gets off his seat,”
said Sterne, shoving a spare pistol
across to Higgins. “Smith, for some
reason, you want anybody but me to
  B. M.—Apr.—1
open that box and that is just the reason
I shall open it myself.”
  "Go to the devil!” growled Smith.
  Sterne smiled in amusement as he
dragged the box in front of his feet
upon the floor. He unbuckled the
leather cover and threw it back, expos-
ing the top of the steel box within.
Smith bent forward a trifle as if to
watch the opening of the box. In reality
it brought him a few inches nearer to
Higgins and allowed his body to assume
an attitude that would permit a spring.
  “No false move!” warned Sterne,
looking up and feeling the gun beside
him on the seat.
  Higgins stood up as Sterne inserted
the key and could not resist glimpsing
the operation out of the tail of his eye.
Mainly, however, he watched Smith and
kept his gun well forward.
  “Look out for the Jack-in-the-box
when you lift the cover," warned Smith
with a chuckle. “My trap may be better
than yours."”
  It was a subtle speech and a most
audacious one. Sterne grunted con-
temptuously, turned the key and lifted
the steel cover. There was exposed the
usual upper tray containing papers,
pens, pencils and other odds and ends.
  “Gragous me! The ugly face didn’t
jump out!” jibed Smith.
  “Hold your tongue!” snarled Sterne.
  On either side of the tray were two
brass lifters that sank in slots, flush
with the tray, when not being used for
raising it. Sterne inserted two fingers
of each hand under these brass loops
and lifted. They rose freely for a good
two inches and then came a violent
clang from within the box while the
loops shot downward, crushing the
fingers to the bone and holding them
fast against the heavy box.
  “Shoot!” screamed Sterne.
  With the clang and the scream
Smith’s body catapulted toward Higgins
while his long right arm sent his
V "-V	•	. y.	•
The Trap
50
clenched fist straight at the solar plexus
of the man with the gun. It was a des-
perate attempt and might have ended
in disaster had not Langa Doonh
bounded through the door at that very
moment and struck up the pistol so that
the bullet went six inches over Smith’s
head. The next instant the blow landed
and Higgins crumpled into a senseless
heap upon the floor.
  After collecting the various guns
Smith turned his attention to Sterne,
whose forehead was streaming with
perspiration from pain and fury.
Unconcernedly he pressed a concealcd
spring in the box and released the man’s
fingers.
  ‘‘Nice little trap, wasn't it ?” he com-
mented. “Better than yours, eh what?”
“Sahib,” said Langa Doonh, "boy
very sorry to get tied up. Only could
work loose just now. Sahib angry?”
“Not at all,” replied Smith, busily
engaged in handcuffing the sullen Sterne
and the senseless Higgins.
  “Sahib like clean shirt?”
 "Uh-huh,” said Smith, “might as
well.”
The Extra Dozen Eggs
               By J. B. Hawley
I
((T AM absurd enough to believe that
in nine cases out of ten I can
JL determine the innocence or guilt
of a man accused of a crime by
looking into his face. I have looked into
Gerald Grayson’s face and I do not
believe that his was the hand that poured
poison into Robert Marsh’s wine. From
his eyes, innocence shines as clearly
as the sunlight shines through that
window.”
  My friend Mountfort made the fore-
going statement with an air almost of
defiance. My impulse was to laugh at
him, but knowing how sensitive he was
to ridicule, I refrained. Instead I
adopted a somewhat judicial attitude.
  “But considering the evidence,” I
asked, ‘‘do you think you can convince
an unimaginative jury of your young
client’s innocence?”
  Mountfort answered me with a ges-
ture of irritation.
  “Hang the evidence!” he exclaimed
bitterly.
  “It is more likely to hang your
client than to be hung,” I retorted.
“Consider it. Robert Marsh died sud-
denly in his home on the morning of
March 29. An autopsy showed that
his death was due to poison taken into
his system in a glass of wine. There
are four witnesses to testify that on
the evening preceding his death he was
at the home of Graham Cumberland
and with him drank a glass of wine
that was poured from an almost
empty decanter by the accused. These
men will further testify that the wine
was served by Grayson, first to his host
and then to Marsh and that he, him-
self, did not take any. Cumberland is
alive and well today, which does away
with the supposition that the wine was
poisoned before Grayson poured it.
Therefore we are left with only one
conclusion, which is that between the
time when Grayson had served Cumber-
land and his pouring the wine for
Marsh he slipped the poison into the
latter’s glass.”
  My friend rose and stood in front of
me, an expression of amused tolerance
on his face.
  “You state your case, Tom,” he
said “with all the precision and bias
of a district attorney. Nevertheless I
tell you that Grayson is innocent. And
I am going to prove him so or I shall
never stand before the Bar of Justice
again.”
  He caught up his hat and stick and
with only a nod to say good-by left
the room. From my window I saw
his absurdly thin figure go flying down
the street looking for all the world like
that of some modern Don Quixote.
  And as I turned back to my desk I
reflected that probably no knight errant
had ever set forth on a more futile
quest than Mountfort was pursuing in
his search for evidence to prove that
Gerald Grayson was innocent of the
murder of Robert Marsh. Yet it was
like my friend to take up the cudgels
for a man in as hopeless straits as his
present client. It seemed to me, at
times, that it was impossible for him
to vitally interest himself in a case of
any kind unless all the circumstances
51
52
The Extra Dozen Eggs
and evidence were against him at the
very outset. In my heart I wished him
good fortune, while believing that in
this instance good fortune could not
come to him.
  Indeed, there seemed no other ex-
planation of Marsh’s death than that
which I had just stated to Mountfort.
There was no doubt that he had died of
poison administered in a glass of wine.
There was no doubt that the wine had
been poured for him by Gerald Gray-
son. Could there be any doubt that
the poison was mixed with the wine
by the same person who poured it?
And Grayson’s motive for this terrible
deed? It was known to every man and
woman in the town. He loved and was
loved and the woman was Marsh’s only
daughter, who was prevented from
marrying him by her father’s prejudices
against him.
  These prejudices were the result of
one of those absurd feuds which still
exist in Southern communities. At
some remote period the Graysons and
the Marshes had been involved in a dis-
pute over certain lands .which when
taken to the courts had been decided in
favor of the former family. Since that
time the name of Grayson had been
anathema to a Marsh and succeeding
generations had at different times done
their utmost to bring misfortune to
members of the Grayson family.
  It is only fair to state in favor of the
Graysons that their activities in this
quarrel had been directed along only
defensive lines. Until this act of the
last of the race in poisoning Robert
Marsh, not one of them had done any-
thing to keep alive the fires of hatred.
And in the beginning even young Gerald
had shown no animosity toward his
hereditary enemies. He had permitted
himself to be attracted by a daughter
of the race and in an upright, manly
way had done his best to gain her
father’s consent to their marriage. Only
when this consent was refused did he
strike.
  I	was not present at the gathering at
Graham Cumberland’s house where
Grayson committed the act that would
send him to the gallows, but what hap-
pened was adequately described to me
by an eye-witness. The meeting was
not a social one but was called by
Cumberland as president of the town's
largest bank to obtain the consent of his
directors to certain innovations he de-
sired to establish.
  Present besides Cumberland, him-
self, and Marsh and Grayson were Her-
bert Stanley, the bank’s vice-president
and cashier; Samuel Townsend, the
richest and most powerful man in the
State, and Cashel Heming, an attorney
who held proxies for the absentee
directors. Except by Marsh, no objec-
tions were raised to Cumberland’s plan.
But Marsh, who ahvays enjoyed being
in the minority and was of an unusually
antagonistic disposition, fought Cumber-
land tooth and nail. At moments he
was positively insulting and had it not
been for his adversaiVs tact and toler-
ance of an old man’s irritability, a
serious quarrel might have ensued. As
it was, after a great deal of argument,
it was decided to hold the matters under
discussion over to another meeting when
it would be possible to get together a
greater numbfr of the bank’s directors.
  It was when they had all risen to go
that ’Cumberland with his well-knoWn
suavity and tact had said: “Mr. Marsh,
you and I have spoken pretty plainly
this evening. To show these gentlemen
that our disagreement in no manner
affects our personal relations, I am
going to ask you to drink a glass of
wine with me.”
  He turned to Grayson, who had been
sitting with his back to the buffet.
  “Gerald,’’ he said, “will you oblige me
by reaching into the cabinet there and
getting out the decanter and glasses?"
The Extra Dozen Eggs
  Obedient to his host’s request. Gray-
son had brought forth a decanter which
to Cumberland’s chagrin was seen to
contain only about two glasses of wine.
While Cumberland was offering to go
into the cellar and procure more wine
and being dissuaded by the others, it
was noticed that Grayson had filled two
glasses from the decanter he held in
his hand and that he had placed the
first before Cumberland and the second
before Marsh. Then the two men
drank each other’s health and the party
separated for the night.
  At about half-past one the following
morning Marsh awoke in his bed in
frightful agony. Before his daughter
could get a doctor he was dead.
II
  I Din not see my friend Mount fort
for a week after the day he left me,
swearing to clear Grayson from the
charge of murder or give up practising
his profession. When at length he did
come to me he was in such low spirits
that I felt sorry for him. He frankly
admitted that repeated interviews with
his client and with everyone who had
been at Cumberland’s on the night of
the tragedy, had brought him nothing
of value for the task he had set him-
self.
  “But hang it all, Tom,” he said de-
spondently, “I know—I feel in every
bone in my body—that that boy is as
innocent as you are. If only I could
strike upon a sign to set me off in the
right direction.”
  “Oh, why not admit you’re beaten,” I
argued. “Persuade Grayson to let you
put in a defence of temporary insanity
and take his chances with the jury.”
  “I’d as soon let him plead a straight
and unqualified guilty. You know how
the newer element in the town feels
toward the old families. And it’s this
element that composes most of our
juries. Why, the boy wouldn’t have a
chance.”
  "Then forget the whole rotten busi-
ness for a while. Come with me and
hear Tot Walters play on her violin.
Such music ought to be an antidote for
anybody’s troubles.”
  Mountfort did not reply to my sug-
gestion. When I had finished tying my
cravat I turned around and looked at
him. He was standing bolt upright in
the centre of the room staring at me
intently, yet somehow or other seem-
ingly looking beyond me. I spoke his
name.
  “The sign ! The sign!” he exclaimed
in a voice hoarse with emotion. “Gad,
Tom. I think you’ve shown it to me. If
only you have 1”
  And with no other word he dashed
from the room, leaving me to go on
to the Walters Concert at the Opera
House alone.
  That evening Miss Walters, who was
Just back from two years in Dresden,
where she had studied under the best
teachers, played divinely. Lulled by the
exquisite notes of her instrument I was
able to thrust aside all my problems and
vexations and soar into a world of pur-
est melody. The music gripped me to
such an extent that even after it was
over and I was walking homeward
through the soft Spring moonlight, I
was a being apart from other mortals.
Therefore the shock was considerable
when from out of the shadows sur-
rounding my porch a figure darted and
caught me by the arm. I had raised my
fist to strike when Mountfort's familiar
voice came to me out of the darkness.
  “TomI” he cried, “I’m on the trail.
The scent is strong. Cornell want you
to be in at the kill.”
  “What on earth are you talking
about?” I cried, thinking for a second
that my friend had gone mad.
“The Grayson case, you idiot,” he
answered impatiently. “By the grace
54
The Extra Dozen Eggs
of God I’ll have that boy out of jail
before I’m a day older.”
  Without listening to my protests and
vouchsafing me no further information,
he led me hurriedly along the street
toward the upper end of the town.
When at length I was going to declare
my intention to go no farther unless he
told me w'hat wild goose chase we were
pursuing, he turned in at the gate of a
fine old mansion.
  Surprised beyond belief I saw that
the house toward which we were head-
ing was the home of Graham Cumber-
land.
  “What are we doing here at this time
of night?” I demanded. “Surely you’ve
been over the case with Cumberland a
hundred times before this?"
  Mountfort ignored my question. In-
stead of answering it he took the steps
of Cumberland’s stoop at a bound and
an instant later I heard his ring at the
bell.
  The door was opened to us almost
instantly and it was Cumberland’s hand-
some, genial face that looked out at us
from the lighted doorway.
  “Come in, gentlemen, come in!” he
cried when he had recognized us, "I am
very glad you have taken the trouble to
look in on me. I had become so bored
with my own company that I was just
about to pack off to bed.”
  He stood aside and held the door wide
for us to enter:
  “Mr. Cumberland,” Mountfort said
when a minute or so later we were
seated in our host’s library enjoying the
flavor of his cigars, “our visit is not
entirely a social one. In fact, I’ve come
to ask you a further question or so
about the death of Robert Marsh. Per-
haps you will bear with me when I tell
you that my belief in Grayson’s inno-
cence is still unshaken, and I do not
want to leave anything undone that
might in any way help him.”
  Cumberland made a deprecatory
gesture. He spoke in a tone of the
utmost sincerity.
  “No one more than myself pities that
unfortunate young man. If there is
anything I can tell you or do that will
aid him in any way. come to me at any
time of the day or night and as often
as you choose."
  I turned toward Mountfort to see
how he was impressed by our host’s
generous speech and I wfas amazed to see
him grinning almost malevolently.
  “Then why, Mr. Cumberland,” he
asked in a voice barely above a whisper,
“did you purchase so many eggs on the
afternoon of March 29?”
  “Eggs!” Cumberland cried quite
rightfully startled out of his habitual
calm; “what in heaven’s name do you
mean ?”
  Mountfort drew a memorandum book
from his pocket and with exasperating
slowness turned the pages until he found
the notation he was seeking.
  “On March 29,” he read at length,
“from Simon Greene, grocer, at four-
thirty in the afternoon you purchased a
dozen eggs which you carried home
yourself.”
  Graham Cumberland settled back in
his chair and regarded Mountfort with
an amused smile.
  “We’ll grant that astounding fact.”
he said good-humoredly. “but what has
a quite ordinary household purchase of
mine to do with Robert Marsh’s death?”
“But it wasn’t an ordinary household
purchase. You see, just the day before
your cook had purchased her usual
weekly amount of three dozen.”
  Cumberland shook his head and re-
garded my friend with a puzzled
expression.
  “I’m sorry,” he said, “but T don’t
quite see what you are driving at. Are
you suggesting that I am extravagant in
the matter of buying eggs? Or is it
that you think eggs are bad—”
  “No, no!” Mountfort broke in, “not
The Extra Dozen Eggs
55
bad. I think that they are the best thing
in the world for a man who has just
taken a huge dose of corrosive subli-
mate.”
  Cumberland literally sprang from his
chair. He towered over Mountfort and
for an instant I thought he was going
to strike my friend. Then he fairly
shouted:
  “What do you mean, you infernal
fool!”
  “I mean, Cumberland,” Mountfort
answered with a deadly calm, “that when
you poisoned Robert Marsh, in order to
direct suspicion away from yourself
you too drank of the deadly wine. But
you had an antidote in the form of the
whites of a dozen eggs ready to hand;
you lived while Marsh died.”
  Cumberland made a gesture of dis-
gust and turned away.
  “You’re mad, man—stark, raving
mad,” he said contemptuously.
  “Your plan was very clever,” Mount-
fort continued, “and had it not been for
an accidental word from Tom here and
a moment of inspiration that came to
me when I needed it most, you would
never have been found out. Grayson
would have hanged for the murder you
committed.
  “It is probable that you wanted Marsh
out of the way because you knew that
while he was alive you would never be
able to make the changes in the bank
that would cover up your irregularities.
Ha! You didn’t think I knew about
the bank? As a matter of fact, I didn’t.
I	merely guessed, but the expression
that crossed your face just then showed
me that my guess was a good one.
  “But to continue. You emptied your
decanter of all but two glasses of wine
and to this wine you added enough cor-
rosive sublimate to kill a man. Then
you arranged the seating of your guests
on the tragic night so that Grayson, who
was known to hate Marsh, would be
near the wine and therefore the logical
person to pour it when you called for it.
He did pour it and Marsh died. Then
everyone believed that he, Grayson, must
have poisoned Marsh’s glass, since you
yourself had drunk from the same de-
canter and suffered no bad effects. That
was because no one had seen you rush
to your bathroom after your guests had
gone and drink down the whites of eggs
that saved your life.”
  “But do you think you can make a
jury believe that silly yam?” Cumber-
land snarled.
  “Yes. You see, I am able to show
them the bottle in which the poison came
and bring before them a druggist from
a town fifty miles away who will swear
that on the 26th of March he sold you
a quantity of corrosive sublimate on the
excuse that you wanted to kill an ailing
dog.”
  At Mountfort’s last statement. Cum-
berland straightened himself, and wheel-
ing, dashed into his bedroom. Before
either Mountfort or I could reach the
door it was slammed to and bolted.
Then as we pounded on its panels, we
heard the sharp crack of a pistol shot.
Mountfort stepped back and said:
“There, Tom, was Cumberland’s
confession to the murder of Robert
Marsh.”
Ill
  Later that night after the authori-
ties had taken charge in Cumberland’s
house and Mountfort and I had made
our depositions before the District At-
torney, my friend told me how he had
discovered Cumberland’s guilt.
  “I deserve no credit, Tom,” he said
modestly. “When I was in a highly
keyed-up state, open to every sort of
influence, you gave me a hint. I fol-
lowed it—that was all.”
  “I gave you a hint!” I repeated in
amazement.
  Mountfort nodded.
56
The Extra Dozen Eggs
  “Sounds silly, I know,” he continued,
“but it’s a fact that from your using
the word 'antidote’ in something you
were saying came the idea that set me
on the right track. Remember. I was
searching madly for someone besides
Grayson who might have poisoned
Marsh. Until you used that word it
seemed impossible that anyone else
could have done so, since all the wit-
nesses agreed that only he had touched
the decanter from which two glasses
were served—one harmless, which went
to Cumberland, and the other deadly.
Then came my inspiration. You said
‘antidote’ and as suddenly as lightning
illumines a dark sky my mind was
lighted.
  “I saw as in a vision how a man
could poison another and keep himself
from suspicion by taking some of the
poison himself; saving himself from its
deadly effects by taking an antidote al-
ready prepared. I left you and rushed
to the library, where I read that the
best antidote for corrosive sublimate
was a mixture of the whites of eggs.
The man toward whom my suspicions
were now directed was, of course, Cum-
berland, since the poisoned wine came
from his decanter and he was the man
who had taken the other glass of wine
poured by the innocent Grayson. I
made the rounds of the groceries and
dairies until I found the store where he
had purchased a dozen eggs on the day
of the murder. Then, hoping to find
something else that might incriminate
him, I went snooping around his house.
And there, back of his bam in a pile
of refuse. I found the parts of a broken
bottle that had once contained corro-
sive sublimate. One of the pieces bore
the druggist’s label. I wired to him
and in less than an hour had a reply
that proved to me that my case against
Cumberland was complete. I found you
and brought you to his house so that I
might have a witness when I accused
him. And that is all!”
The Man Who Was Two
                 By Harold Ward
I
0	The Governor and Members
of The Board of Pardons:
Some six years ago, according
to the Daily Press, Captain Jolm Con-
ners of the Defective Bureau of the
ATew York City Police Department was
killed in a wreck of the Oscaloosa
Limited between Chicago, Illinois, and
Clinton, Iowa. His body, horribly
mangled and disfigured beyond recogni-
tion, was shipped home, where it was
buried with all the honors due a man of
his position.
  In view of the fact that his was the
only body not positively identified, to-
gether with the further fact that he was
a personal friend of the conductor, one
James Barley, who testified at the in-
quest that he had talked with Conners
not over five minutes before the wreck,
his family and friends accepted the re-
mains without question.
  I alcme know the true story of John
Conners.
  I am making this statement in the
hope that a great wrong may be righted.
II
 Captain John Conners had been in
the West in search of a gang of forgers
who had made New York their head-
quarters. Failing to locate his men. he
was on his way home when a telegram
intercepted him at Denver asking him
to keep an eye open for one Simon
Latham, wanted in New York for
murder.
Latham, known throughout the coun-
try as a gunman and gangster, had,
according to the telegram, committed a
crime of unusual atrocity, killing two
policemen in cold blood and making his
escape unscathed. He was believed to
have gone to Denver, where he was
known to have friends. Conners, be-
ing well acquainted with him, was
asked to stop over in the Colorado city
to assist the police in their search.
  Two days spent in Denver convinced
him that there was nothing to be gained
by a longer stay.
  The second day out of the Western
metropolis he was passing through the
train on his way to the observation car
when he suddenly located his quarry
slumped down in a seat in the smoking
compartment. In spite of the fact that
Latham had disguised himself to the
best of his ability by growing a stubbv
beard and donning smoked glasses, Con-
ners had no trouble in recognizing him.
  Latham was alone in the compart-
ment at the time. Before he had time
to make a move Conners had him
covered.
  “Up with j our hands, Latham!” he
commanded.
 The gunman obeyed the order.
“Who d’ye think I am. damn yell?” he
snarled.
  Conners smiled. “I don’t think—I
know!" he answered. “You are—”
  He was interrupted by a crash. His
revolver flew from his hand as he
pitched forward into the arms of the
man he had arrested. An instant later
both men were hurled across the car
and buried under a mass of debris.
  Then hell broke loose. The wrecked
57
58
The Man Who Was Two
train was enveloped in flames. Clouds
of scalding steam drove the rescuers
back time after time. The air was filled
with the shrieks of the wounded and the
groans of the dying. Men worked like
demons to save those who were buried
beneath the burning wreckage.
  Conners and Latham, hidden under
the debris of two cars, were among the
last to be found. The body of the
policeman was little more than a charred
mass of flesh. Under him, yet pro-
tected to a certain extent by his form,
was Simon Latham. He, too, had suf-
fered terrible injuries, yet within his
shell still lingered the breath of life.
  As they dragged the form of the
murderer from beneath the wreckage
even the hardened physicians and volun-
teer nurses gasped with astonishment
that he still lived. His face had been
parboiled by the scalding steam until
the flesh hung in strips. His body, from
which the clothes had been burned, was
a solid mass of burns.
  Swathed in cotton, saturated with oil.
they rushed him to the hospital. A week
passed. He remained unidentified.
  After a month he took a slight turn
for the better. Finally he was able to
speak a few words. Physicians and
nurses gathered around his bed and
asked him to identify himself.
  He answered them listlessly, seem-
ingly as a child repeats a lesson.
  He was Simon Latham, gunman,
gangster—murderer! He was wanted
in New York, he told them, for the
killing of two policemen. Captain
Conners had been about to arrest him
when the wreck intervened.
  They expected him to die. It was
an impossibility, said the physicians, for
a man in his condition to continue living.
They believed that he realized it and
was making a death-bed confession.
They summoned a priest. To the Holy
Father he repeated the same story.
  And then he got well—as well as a
man can get who has passed through
hell.
  The New York police were notified.
When he left the hospital it was with
handcuffs on his wrists. Yet he made
no resistance. His spirit was broken.
He reiterated his confession, denying
nothing, admitting everything. The
State furnished him with an attorney.
Acting on the lawyer’s advice he threw
himself on the mercy of the court. A
kind-hearted judge,''taking his physical
condition into consideration, sentenced
him to life imprisonment rather than
the chair.
Ill
 Simon Latham became a model
prisoner. He went about his appointed
tasks in a solemn, mechanical sort of
way, a broken-down old man scarcely
out of his teens—a man whose face was
seamed with myriad scars, twisted and
contorted out of shape by muscular con-
traction. His short-cropped hair was
snow-white, his form bent and feeble.
In his eyes was a far-away look—the
look of a dog that has lost its master.
  Eventually he was made a trusty. He
per formed his work with a servility that
surprised those who had known him in
former years.
  Everyone remembers the prison break
of some weeks ago. Five hundred men
—the dregs of civilization—armed with
a miscellaneous collection of weapons
garnered from God knows where, threw
themselves against the little group of
guards in the big dining-hall. For
two hours the battle waged to and fro.
Eventually the officials, better armed,
better disciplined, won out. Yet the vic-
tory was not gained without consider-
able loss.
  As is always the case, many of the
prisoners aligned themselves on the side
of law and order. Among them was
Simon Latham, the lifer.
The Man Who Was Two
59
  When the trouble broke loose Latham
was standing midway between the row
of prisoners and the little knot of
guards. As the missiles flew through
the air he was caught between two fires.
Something—a dish or bowl—struck him
squarely on the head. He dropped to
the floor unconscious.
  For five minutes the battle waged
across his body. Then he recovered
consciousness and plunged into the fray
with almost maniacal strength, aiding
the guards wherever possible. When
thd affair was ended and the mutineers
were finally herded back into their
cells he was bleeding from a dozen
wounds.
  Here is the peculiar feature: Imme-
diately after the fight Latham, the model
prisoner, became a prison outlaw. He
refused to obey prison discipline, in-
sisted on hobnobbing with the guards,
and attempted to escape whenever occa-
sion offered itself.
  He was taken before the warden.
The latter, who had taken a great in-
terest in the case of the former gun-
man, especially since his services at the
time of the break, tried argument. '
  Latham insisted to the warden that
he was being unjustly held. He as-
serted that he was not Simon Latham,
the outlaw, but Captain John Conners,
the policeman!
  The warden, a man not prone to for-
get favors, finally ordered him taken
from the cell where he had been con-
fined after his outbreak and placed in
the insane ward under observation. He
is there now.
  Here are the facts as I deduce them.
I am positive that I am right:
  Captain Conners was in the act of
arresting Latham when the wreck oc-
curred. He had, as I have said, drawn
his revolver and with it covered the
murderer.
  “Who d’ye think I am, damn yeh?”
the gangster demanded.
  “I don’t think—I know," Conners
answered. “You are—"
  Before he could finish his sentence
the cars were piled together. He was
thrown forward and received a terrific
blow on the head. Then and there all
memory disappeared.
  But in his subconscious mind were
the thoughts that had been flashing
through his brain while he was making
the arrest!
  His subconscious memory retained
nothing but the impressions of Simon
Latham. He had known Latham for
years. His history was, to the police-
man, an open book.
  He was about to utter Latham's
name when the blow came that erased
all memory. So while the conscious
mind of Captain John Conners was
obliterated, there remained in the tiny
cells in the back of his head the recol-
lection of the man who stood before
him at that last instant.
  Latham was killed. His body, muti-
lated beyond all recognition, was buried
as Captain John Conners. Conners,
disfigured and mutilated, speaking only
the thoughts that, as I have said, were
in his mind at that last instant—
thoughts that had only to do with
Simon Latham—accepted the role of
Simon Latham, lived it, accepted the
punishment of Simon Latham!
  Yet somewhere in those tiny cells of
subconsciousness remained the police-
man. He could not be the renegade
that Latham had been, because it was
not in his make-up, even though in his
own mind he was Latham. Why ? Be-
cause his training had all been on the
side of law and order.
  Then came the prison break. That
flying dish, striking him on the head,
removed, in some way, the pressure
against his brain. Immediately the role
of Simon Latham was forgotten and he
started in again where he had left off
six years before. He was again Captain
\
60
The Man Who Was Two
Conners, policeman and guardian of the
law. As Captain John Conners he
plunged into the fight against the
convicts.
I am positive, gentlemen, that I am
right. I asked that you allow me to
 return home to my family and friends.
For, Your Excellency and Gentlemen
of the Board of Pardons, I am Captain
John Conners!
 I trust that you will accept my word.
 I	have no other proof.
The Campaign for Vengeance
        (.4 Complete Mystery Novelette)
        By John Baer
THE coffin was carried from the
house by eight pall-bearers, all in
the uniform of the force. The
narrow street was crowded with
men, women and children, all of them
eager for a last look at the plain brown
casket.
  While the coffin was being lifted into
the hearse, the men bared their heads;
most of the women held handkerchiefs
to their eyes. Even the children kept
an awed and reverent silence. All but
one of them. A lad of about seven,
red-headed, chubby, strong-necked and
slightly bandy, pushed his smaller sister
and called out, “Look! Cap'n Jimmy’s
in that!"
  Cap’n Jimmy—that's what he was to
his friends in the neighborhood—and
by “friends” we mean everyone within
a radius of five blocks, old enough to
walk, crawl or be wheeled about in the
streets. As a boy and young man he
had been merely Jimmy; then he “made
the cops” and after a phenomenal ca-
reer of seven years reached the rank of
captain. But even at diat he was never
promoted from Jimmy to James.
  The parents came out of the house
and entered the first coach. Then came
Commissioner Anderson and by his side
Alan Nevins, a plain-clothesman with
the rank of sergeant.
  Nevins had come half way down the
stoop, when he suddenly faltered. The
commissioner seized him by the arm
and said, rather roughly, “Come! come!
Don't go to pieces! Steady now!”
  Thereupon the commissioner had a
violent coughing spell, which was
strange, considering it was a warm
April day, that he had no cold, and that
nothing he had tried to swallow had
lodged in his throat.
  So Captain of Police James Cornell
was buried.
II
  Five days later, Sergeant Nevins
called at the Cornell home. In the little
front parlor a girl was waiting for him.
Slight of build she was and of the frag-
ile loveliness of an anemone; her dark
eyes were the more sparkling because
of the pallor of her cheeks.
  The Sergeant came toward her and
held out his arms as if to take her into
them and hold her close. The girl took
a sharp breath, stepped back a pace and
nodded toward a chair. Nevins sat
down and nervously tapped the brim of
his derby against his fingers.
  Marguerite Cornell had been in Eu-
rope as traveling conjpanion to a
wealthy woman when her brother
Jimmy died. She had come home too
late for the funeral. She now spoke to
Nevins (her fiance) with the detach-
ment of a person discussing a purely
professional matter in which she had no
personal interest at all.
  “The news reports are always gar-
bled,” she said. “And I can’t bear to
speak of it to mother or father. Tell
me—give me the facts straight."
Sergeant Nevins cleared his throat.
61
i
62
The Campaign for Vengeance
"We know nothing definite about—
about—Jimmy was found—a rounds-
man stumbled, by accident, over his
body, in an empty lot. That was at
three o’clock in the morning. Jimmy
was in uniform at the time, but not on
duty. On—on his chest was found a
small, plain white card—an ordinary
visiting card—bearing the words The
Mogul in a flashy handwriting. Jimmy
was dead.’’
 “How—many wounds—?”
  “Three. The one in his forehead did
for him instantly.”
  “Did he have a chance to—fight—?”
“Evidently. Two of the cartridges
in his gun had been exploded.”
  “Five shots—and no help—”
  “He wasn’t shot in the lot—that’s the
explanation. He was brought there in
a car.”
  “Who or what is The Mogulf”
 “We don’t know. We surmise—
that is—there seems to be plenty of evi-
dence to support the theory that quite
a bit of the crime in this city is
organization-crime. We are often able
to link crimes together—different types
of crime—counterfeiting, robberies, as-
saults; something in the manner in
which they are executed, something in
the precautions used by the criminals to
avoid detection, seems to indicate that
there is a central idea, a single brain, if
you will, that is giving directions. We
have, however, no inkling as to this
person’s identity, nor are we able to
point out the individuals who are the
links in this chain of hirelings. Every
member of the department was ques-
tioned, of course, but only one had pre-
viously heard the name The Mogul.”
“Yes?”
  “Two men seemed to be having an
argument in the Bird’s-Eye, a dance
hall on lower Third Street. A detective
came as close as he dared, but one of the
men ended the argument with 'The
Mogul has slapped his O.K. on the
scheme, so I’m going ahead, whether
you like it or not.’ ”
  “I see. The Department infers that
Jimmy, by accident or design, stumbled
upon The Mogul and was shot—”
  “For knowing too much.”
  “Damn them!” The girl was stand-
ing near a small round table. Her
cheeks became whiter, she suppressed a
sob and shrank back; she had become
'Suddenly aware that with her oath she
had unconsciously layed her hand upon
the family Bible.
  With this realization, a strange, mys-
tic light glowed in her eyes. She stared
straight ahead of her, and it seemed be-
yond, beyond everything material and
into some other world. Quite gently
she put her hand upon the Bible again.
  And now her voice was as from out
of the distance, low and echo-like but
distinct. “Jimmy 1 Jimmy! Do you
hear me? I’m keening for you. Jimmy,
and my mourning shall be long and bit-
ter! And the heart of me shall be tom
and smarting with hate, and* I shall be
fierce and cruel and pitiless till my vow
is fulfilled.
  “Jimmy! Jimmy! I'll get them for
you! Each one of them, Jimmy! And
may the soul and flesh of me writhe in
agony, may the mind of me be in tor-
ture and torment, till my mission is
done!”
  Quietly Marguerite came over to Ser-
geant Alan Nevins. “You said this—
Bird’s-Eye dance hall is on lower Third
Street?”
  “A respectable girl doesn’t go there—
if that’s what you’re intending,” replied
Nevins.
  He rose suddenly, alarmed by the
strangeness of her manner. “Look here.
Marge, don’t attempt anything foolish!
You can’t mix with that gang! You’d
die of nausea—”
  “If Jim isn’t avenged, I’ll die of
shame!"
  “Put you’re no match for them. You
"Jimmy! Jimmy! I’ll get them for you!"—Page 62
64
The Campaign for Vengeance
are kind, they are pitiless; you are frag-
ile, they are robust; you are innocent of
all evil, they are practiced in every con-
ceivable kind of crime and violence.”
  And now the bright round eyes of
the girl narrowed till they were as two
slits; her rich, red lips were drawn thin.
“Against all of that, I match my cour-
age! A courage that will be eternally
fired and fanned by the memory of
Jimmy, lying there in a lot—”
  Once again Alan Nevins came to-
ward her with outstretched arms.
Again she drew away.
  “Mr. Nevins, from now on, and un-
til that gang has paid, you and I are
strangers!”
Ill
  The Step Lively Club was giving a
dance at the Bird’s-Eye. Among those
present in the crowded, smoke-smelly
hall, was a slender, brown-eyed, dim-
pled girl. Her delicate hands, fine fea-
tures and something in her manner in-
dicated that she was of a decenter stock
than the motley crowd surrounding her.
But her cheeks were heavily rouged and
her nose was a plaster-cast white; and
she chewed gum. If you looked long
enough, you began to feel that perhaps
the refinement was a delusion on your
part.
  She sat at a table with six others, but
she was not “in with them.” She “wall-
flowered” through five dances before
receiving so much as a smile from any-
one in the hall. There was a reason;
the girl was an outsider and the tribe
that hangs around the Bird’s-Eye is
suspicious of strangers.
  Then the band played a waltz.
  Some four tables to the left of the
girl, two men and a woman were hold-
ing a whispered discussion. The woman
was a tall, coarse-featured, capacious-
chested blonde. One of the men was
of the dark, slender, olive-skinned,
small-moustached type you see in every
movie; he’s the fellow who has his head
broken by the hero in the last reel. The
other man was a stunted, narrow-
shouldered specimen, bleery of eye,
pasty of hair and splotchy complected
When the band started the waltz, the
woman shrugged her shoulders and
said, “Well—go on then and try her.”
  So it came that the runt stood at the
table of the brown-eyed girl, “Are you
dancing, Miss?”
  The girl gazed at him vacantly and
switched her gum from her left cheek
to her right. “Yeh, I dance."
  “My name’s Breen, Rudie Breen,” he
volunteered, as he took her arm.
“Y’ever been in this place before?”
  “No. I’m in the town only a week.
My name’s Rita Daly.” As they danced,
she gave him the address of the house
in which she roomed, on Fourth Street,
near Avenue B. She also consented
to let him join her at her table and buy
her a drink.
  “The waiter will put a kick in it. if
I wink at him,” he suggested.
  “All right. Ginger ale and wink,” she
smiled.
  But the drink was never served.
  Above the din in the dance hall, there
suddenly came the sounds of a scuffle
in the barroom. Then harsh cries,
oaths, the crash of broken furniture
and the tinkle of splitting glass.
  “Raid!” exclaimed Rudie.
  The dance hall was on a level with
the street. Some few feet from their
table was a window. Rudie Breen
seized the girl’s hand and pulled her
toward it; but when he raised the lower
frame, a uniformed officer poked his
head through the frame-work and
pointed a gun at them. They shrank
back into the hall.
  And now policemen rushed into the
place through every opening; they came
from the barroom, through the windows
and through the door leading into the
The Campaign for Vengeance
65
street, the door opening on the hallway.
Every exit was covered. Mingled with
the policemen was a goodly number of
detectives.
  An officer whose white cap and
stripes showed his rank of inspector,
and who seemed to be in charge, got up
on a table, raised a hand, and when the
place became hushed, he said: “No need
for alarm, ladies and gents. We’ve
found what we want in some barrels
under a false floor in the cellar. Just
pass out quietly in single file; all those
not armed will be permitted to go.”
  The procession started. The mem-
bers and friends of the Step Lively
Club were put to the indignity of hav-
ing their pockets emptied and their
handbags looked into before they were
hustled through the door leading to the
street.
  Our brown-eyed girl with the chew-
ing gum quid, took in the scene calmly
But of a sudden she felt that the hand
still*holding hers was trembling. Some-
what surprised, she turned to the young
man and saw that his yellow complex-
ion had turned a sickly pallor. His eyes
shifted nervously about the room; he
was evidently thoroughly frightened.
  “What’s the matter?” asked the girl.
“Got a gun on you ?”
  “N—no. But—this raid for booze is
a blind—a cover. They’re diggin’ for
snow—and if they find—”
  Now if the truth be told, the girl had
no idea of the meaning of Rudie’s
words. She was sure of one thing, how-
ever; Rudie felt himself threatened by
a terrible calamity. And reflecting upon
this fact, it occurred to the girl that
Rudie would be very grateful to the
person who helped him get outside that
hall. And if she had one good friend
in that crowd—that would be a start.
  “If—if someone could manage to put
out the lights—” she suggested.
  "Fat chance. The switchboard is in
the barroom.”
  B. M.—Apr.—5
  "Locked?”
  “No. They keep the board open for
emergencies like this. The cops must
have come in on them too quick for—”
  “Which way do you work—?”
  “You couldn’t go wrong. There’s
only one lever—you pull it from left
to right. But how you goin’ to get
at—?”
  “Oh!” The girl’s exclamation inter-
rupted him. He noticed that she was
staring hard and that a flush had come
into her cheeks. He was too confused,
however, to notice that the object of
her stare was the detective who covered
the door to the barroom.
  "You pick out your exit,” she whis-
pered to him. “I guess, maybe I can
make it.”
  With that she pushed aside several
others and joined the line which was
winding its way slowly out the side
door. The process appeared too slow
for her; she stepped out of line and
came quickly forward. But she did not
head for the door leading to the street;
instead, she dodged past a policeman
and ran toward the barroom door. She
had almost reached it when the officer
caught up with her and gripped her
shoulder.
  "No you don't. Miss. You go out
the same way as—”
  For a moment, the girl looked up at
the detective standing in the open bar-
room door. That gentleman suddenly
startled, recovered quickly, and then
favored the policeman with a frown.
 “Why can’t I go out any way I
please?” demanded the girl.
  “Nix. Fritz, lay off!” muttered the
detective.
  The policeman grinned, released his
hold 011 her. And the detective let her
slip by him.
  Thereupon things happened.
  The searching process was going on
in a slow, orderly way, when suddenly
every light in the building went out.
66
The Campaign for Vengeance
  In an instant everything was in a bed-
lam. Screams and terrible oaths, pleas,
wailing cries of pain rang out in the
darkness. The line broke; everyone
fought viciously for freedom. Tables
were overturned and windows smashed.
The police dared not use their revolvers
or clubs out of fear of injuring each
other.
  When the lights were switched on
again, the hall was half empty. Most
of those who remained were women;
women with bleeding faces and tom
hats and dresses.
  Inspector Carrigan mopped his fore-
head. Then he looked with pity upon
the cowering humanity before him.
  “Send for an ambulance,” he in-
structed. “And go easy with them poor
broken dolls. What tve were after got
away in the dark.”
IV
  At five o’clock the following morn-
ing, the mother of Sergeant Alan
Nevins was startled by the raucous
ring of the door bell. Looking out of
a front window, she saw a girl stand-
ing at her door. A moment later. Alan
Nevins was being shaken out of a pro-
found slumber. “Miss Cornell is at the
door, Alan. Alan! Wake up!”
  When Alan, dressed completely, up
to and including the correct knot in his
scarf, came down, the girl was waiting
in his sitting-room.
  “But my dear Marguerite,” he began.
• “Miss Rita Daly, if you please,” she
corrected. Then, “I’ve come to inquire
whether your little raid of last evening
was a success.”
  “We didn’t get a blamed thing on
’anybody,” he confessed, dejectedly.
“But do you know, Marguerite—”
“Miss Daly!”
  “Do you know. Miss Daly," fiercely—
“that they could almost give you life
for turning out the lights?”
“They could, Mr. Nevins, if they had
caught me. I crawled out right through
the legs of the fat cop at the front
door—honest I did.” she smiled disarm-
ingly. “I’ve come for my lesson.”
“Lesson ?”
  “My lesson in slang. Firg£, what is
snow ?”
 “Snow!"—he leaned toward her
eagerly: “Then there was snow in that
place last—”
  “What is it?” she insisted.
  “Drugs, in powdered form.”
  “And what is a gat?” she asked.
“And a goof, and a billy, and a cake-
eater, and a sniffer, and a hard-boiled
egg,-, and a finale hopper, and a belly-
wash, and a zvet-blanket, and a dumb-
bunny. And what do you do when you
pull in your ears, kid. you're coming to
a tunnel, and when you should hope to
kiss a pig, and when you shake a wicked
shimmy, and are paralyzed aboz'e the
Adam’s apple?” She crossed her legs
and smiled wistfully. “1 hoid all dem
woids las’ night at the dance and I
dunno wotinell dey mean. See?”
Sergeant Nevins scratched his chin.
“Five o’clock in the morning is hardly
an opportune time, Mar—Miss Daly,
for a les—”
  “All right. I’ll find another in-
struc—”
  “No! No!” he seized her hand and
pulled her back into her chair. So the
lesson commenced.
  And when she was up on definitions,
she once again smiled wistfully into his
sleepy eyes, and said simply: “Now
teach me to swear.”
  He glared at her with all the dignity
a man of twenty-five can put into a
glare, but-the smile did not fade from
her face.
  So he taught her.
V
  Two nights later, Rita Daly, on her
way home from the department
store in which she worked, found Mr. ,
The Campaign for Vengeance
67
Rudie Breen waiting on her corner.
  “I missed you last night, Miss Daly,"
he said. “I—I kind of owe you some-
thing for that stunt you pulled. Will
you let me take you to supper?”
"Where would you—take—?"
“Well, personally, I lean to Chinese
grub. But you can name the place—”
“A chop-suey joint it is,” said Miss
Daly. “I won’t have to change cos-
tumes.”
  She had guessed—and correctly—
that Breen would sit in one of the pri-
vate booths with her. And it was part
of her scheme to encourage his friend-
ship.
  “Where ya hail from. Miss Daly?”
asked Breen, after they had been served.
“Chicago.”
  After a long pause. Breen leaned
across the table. “Now look here—I
got more than fat above my ears, and
while I ain’t perfect, conceit ain’t none
of my faults. So I ain’t believin’ you
pulled that trick that saved me because
you were head over heels in love with
sincerely yours.” He lowered his voice.
“I take it consequently that the dicks
got something on you, or, that you were
getting square with ’em for something
that happened previously. Now which
is it?”
  Then, for the first time was Rudie
Breen favored with a smile. “Listen,
Mr. Breen, my quarrel with the cops is
a private affair. That’s that.”
  “I ain’t inquisitive, Miss Daly. When
you say you got a quarrel with ’em,
that’s enough for me.”'«v.
  Again a pause.
  Then Rudie, “Where you workin’?”
  “Stapleton’s.”
  “Gettin’ much?”
 “No!”
  “Can you typewrite and stenogra-
phate ?”
  “Little.”
“H’m.” Breen took a morning edi-
tion of a newspaper from his pocket
and passed it to Miss Daly. He pointed
to a want-ad. "Now here’s a job for
someone with—brains. Someone like
you.”
  Rita Daly read the advertisement.
J. Stanley Bradshaw, Trinidad Building,
Broadway, wanted a stenographer.
  “What makes it such a good job?”
asked Rita.
  “Well—I happen to know—never
mind how—that this J. Stanley is a
tricky customer. He’s in the promoting
game and he generally promotes thin
air. Now a person workin’ on the in-
side might get the goods on him and—”
  “Squeeze him a bit, eh?”
  “You ketch on fast, Miss Daly.”
  “Thank you. But without references,
how could I get—”
  “I’d fix that part—the references.
Well ?”
  “Almost anything is better than a
department store,” said Rita Daly. . . .
  The next morning, when Rita came
out of her house, Rudie Breen
handed her a white envelope. On her
way downtown in the subway, she took
the letter out of the envelope and
read it.
  It was typewritten on paper which
bore the letterhead, Hygrade Novelty
Jewelry Co., Ill Fifth Avenue. It
assured "whomever it may concern”
that Miss Rita Daly had worked four
years as stenographer for the under-
signed and had always given splendid
and efficient services. Harold Creighton
was the undersigned.
  Rita smiled rather grimly as she re-
placed the. letter inside the envelope.
She had evidently rendered a great ser-
vice to someone when she turned out the
lights of the Bird’s-Eye and that some-
one—or perhaps someones—was repay-
ing the favor.
  J. S. Bradshaw, a tall, white-haired,
black-eyed man, theatrically handsome,
took on Miss Daly immediately after
reading her letter of introduction. After
68
The Campaign for Vengeance \
some two weeks, he made her his private
secretary.
  So began the maelstrom of incidents'
which was to sweep the lovely Rita into
the net of the most powerful crime-
organization in the city.
VI
  The Bradshaw Mines Co., so Rita
learned, had gone into the business three
months before she entered into the em-
ployment of the firm. On the strength
of a preliminary report by experts that
the company actually owned mines in
Mexico and that the mines actually held
silver, Bradshaw sold stock.
  Then, after Rita was private secre-
tary, she inadvertently opened a letter
addressed to Bradshaw and marked per-
sonal. This letter was the final report
of the experts. It informed Bradshaw
that it was hardly worth while to push
his project since the value of the silver
deposits in his mines could not possibly
exceed ten thousand dollars. And Rita
knew that over eighty thousand dollars’
worth of stocks and shares had already
been sold.
  Bradshaw was not in the least discon-
certed by the fact that she had read the
discouraging report. He shrugged his
shoulders, put the letter into his safe
and remarked to her, “Well,that needn’t
worry us any. We’ll go right ahead.”
And he did.
  Thus was Rudie Breen’s shrewd guess
as to Bradshaw’s character verified.
  Now, all of Rita’s actions thus far,
had been merely a blind groping stum-
ble along a path which she felt instinc-
tively would lead eventually to the com-
panionship of rfien and women who
would not be strangers to The Mogul.
The hit-and-miss method was necessary
since she knew of no direct connections.
For the present, the important thing was
to become involved in criminal acts and
to get an unsavory reputation. If she
could not seek The Mogul, she could at
least make it worth while for him to
seek her.
  As to Bradshaw, she had no scruples
about ruining him. He was a crook
and a good share of his money was
coming from women who may have
been widows. She therefore took Rudie
Breen into her confidence and invited
him to join her in forcing Bradshaw
into a position where he’d have to pay
for their silence.
  “If we can get his book of accounts
showing that over one hundred thou-
sand dollars worth of shares have been
sold.” she told Rudie, “and if we can
get that letter from the experts, he'll
have to come across, or beat it, and he
doesn’t want to do that, at least for a
while. Business is still good. He’s been
using the mails to carry his advertising
matter—that rtiakes it a federal offense."
  “Well—I never sneeze at money. And
I still owe you for—”
  “Bradshaw keeps his account books
and that tell-tale letter in his safe.
That’s where you might—”
  "What’s the model?”
  “Illington.”
  "Illington! Keeps.his papers in an
old ash can like the Illington? There
ain’t a respectable crook in the business
couldn’t open that safe in twenty
minutes."
  “Soup?”
  “Not for the Illington. I’ll solve the
combination. ...”
  Five nights later, they made the at-
tempt. Bradshaw had inaugurated a
follow-up campaign and worked after
hours with Rita, dictating letters to
prospects in the sucker class. Rita
supped from six to seven; then Brad-
shaw went out for an hour, so that Rita
was alone in the office from seven to
eight. And before eight, persons could
still enter the Trinidad Building with-
out registering in the hall-book.
  Rita waited till Bradshaw had been
The Campaign for Vengeance
69
gone for about ten minutes. Then she
raised and lowered the shade of a front
window; that was Rudie’s signal.
  There were no lights in any other
office on the fourth floor. While Rudie
was busy manipulating the tumblers to
Bradshaw’s safe, Rita kept a look-out
in the hall. She stood at a point some
fifty feet from her office, where the
north and the west corridors crossed.
The elevators were on the west cor-
ridor; in the event of Bradshaw’s unex-
pected return, she expected to have
plenty of time to run along the north
corridor and shoo Rudie away.
  She had kept her vigil some ten min-
utes, when, on turning casually she saw
Bradshaw standing before the open
door to his office ! He must have walked
quietly up the stairway in the rear of
the north corridor 1
  Bradshaw hesitated only a moment;
then he rushed into the room. There
came at once a scuffling sound and the
thud-thud of blows.
  Frightened, but eager to continue ac-
tively in this dangerous and unlawful
adventure, Rita ran along the corridor
and watched the struggle from the
doorway.
  The powerful Bradshaw was having
the best of it. The runt Breen was
quicker and more skilled with his fists,
but the room was too small to permit
of scientific boxing.
  Bradshaw drove a straight right to
Rudie’s face; the force of the blow
hurled Rudie across the room and
against the wall. With a snarl of tri-
umph, Bradshaw seized a chair, raised
it above his head, and rushed at his
adversary.
  Rita choked a cry.
  Breen stood humped against the wall
as though too exhausted to raise a hand
to ward off the blow which must surely
crush his skull. Then, in the wink of
an eye, and just as Bradshaw began the
downward swing of the chair, Breen
shook off his coma, drew a stiletto from
his coat pocket—and struck!
  The chair clattered to the floor and
Bradshaw tottered. But Breen had not
yet finished with him. With his left
arm he hugged Bradshaw close; with
his right hand, he kept twisting the
handle of the stiletto. Bradshaw kept
emitting low guttural moans.
  Then finally, Breen drew out the
blade and pushed Bradshaw away. In
falling, Bradshaw, half turned. Rita
saw that his white silk shirt was stained
a deep red over the heart; from this
stain, thin red lines trickled . . .
dripped. . . .
  At this point she became somewhat
dizzy.
  Rudie Breen pulled her into the room,
locked the door, led her to a chair and
fetched her a cup of ice-water.
  “Take it easy, sis. Nothin' more
serious than murder. Happens occa-
sionally in the very best circles. That’s
it. Feel better?”
 "What—will we—?”
  “There are at least a dozen things we
could do. This is nothing to worry
about at all. You leave it t’me.”
  He picked up the telephone and
when he had made his connection, he
said: "Harry? Rudie speaking. I’m in
a little mess in the Trinidad Building.
Listen. How soon can you make Thirty-
ninth Street and Seventh Avenue?
Good. Now get this: southeast corner,
red and white, Daly, good evening,
cane. Right ?” He hung up.
  Thereupon he scribbled a note, and
handed it to Rita.
  “When you’ve delivered this, you’re
through with this job,” he told her. “I’m
handling the rest. Here’s your end of
it: You take a red and white taxi to
Thirty-ninth Street and Seventh Avenue.
On the southeast corner a man will be
waiting for you. Tall, slim, black mous-
tache. He’ll be holding his cane up
against his shoulder. He will address
70
The Campaign for Vengeance
you, ‘Miss Daly, good evening.’ You
give him this note. That’s all. And tell
the chauffeur to drive like hell.”
  The girl stumbled out of the office.
She went through her performance me-
chanically, almost as one in a trance.
And after she had delivered the note,
she went home—to her own home, the
home she had not seen in over a month.
But even in her stupor she did not fail
to take a circuitous path, lest she be
tracked.
  Alone in her own room she threw
herself face down on her bed aud wept.
But out of no pity for Bradshaw. She
knew him to have been thoroughly cor-
rupt and remorseless. On his part, he
too would have killed and shown no
regret.
  Her feeling was one of pity and sym-
pathy for herself. She manipulated that
strange psychological absurdity whereby
a person can be thoroughly emotional
and subjective and yet consider self
in an*objective way.
  In her memory flashed the image of
a slight, wistful,-lovely girl taking a
terrible oath of vengeance.-
  “May the soul and flesh of me writhe
in agon}'”—such was her vow—“till my
mission be done!”
  Well . . . the tentacles of the mon-
ster Evil had gripped her. There could
be no quitting now. When planning
the theft with the rat Breen, she had
made him promise to come unarmed.
He had not kept that promise. She was
now chained to him\and his kind by the
crime in which she had participated.
  A sardonic Fate seemed intent on
forcing upon her an exquisite torture
and wringing from her the ultimate in
sacrifice, before granting the sweet sat-
isfaction she knew must be hers. . . .
VII
  Judging by every standard and pre-
cept by which she had hitherto lived, it
was clearly Rita’s duty to submit to
arrest. But emotionally such an act was
utterly inconceivable. The fierce hatred
and cruelty that had been generated
by the killing of her brother Jimmy
quite precluded the cessation, at the
present time, of her campaign for
vengeance.
  And as the night wore on and her
confusion and torment subsided, it be-
came apparent to her that to surrender
now was an unsound step from a logical
point of view. The greater guilt was
Rudie Breen’s; he had broken his word
to her, he had come armed, and he had
killed.
  Why should she suffer alone? She
could not be sure that the police would
catch him, and even if they did—sup-
pose Rudie denied complicity and with
the help of his crowd proved an alibi?
It would be her word against his. No,
clearly the thing to do was to put off
action until she had Breen in a position
where he. too, could be punished.
  Before dawn, Rita left her home and
went back to her room on Fourth Street.
She fell quickly into a dreamless sleep
from which she did not waken till eight
o'clock. On raising her shade she saw
what she expected: Rudie Breen was
waiting on her corner.
  She went down at once. He did not
look in the least like a man who had
committed a murder on the previous
evening. His manner betrayed no ex-
citement or anxiety. The inevitable
cigarette hung carelessly from his lips.
  And now, for the first time, Rita
became curious about Rudie’s actions
after she had left the office. This,
strangely, had up to this given her no
concern; she had been too worried
about the enormity of the crime to
wonder about the steps Rudie had taken
to protect himself. Cut now she was
all eagerness to ask questions.
  “What’d you do, Rudie? How’d
you— ?”
  “We’ll have breakfast together,” he
The Campaign for Vengeance
71
broke in. “The Chink will fix us up
something.”
  When they were once more in a pri-
vate booth at the - Chink’s, Rudie
talked.
  “Mr. J. Stanley Bradshaw has disap-
peared,” said Rudie. “That’s all."
  “But how—?”
  “Me and my friend Harry—the gent
you slipped my note to, have fixed it.
Bradshaw’s office is on the fourth floor
—his outer room window faces a court-
yard. Darker than a coal mine that
courtyard—and you can get into it from
a nice quiet street. Harry brought me
a long rope—then he went down into
the yard and I lowered the body. We
had a closed car waiting. Me, I cleaned
up his office. No sign of anything—
Simple, what?”
  “Where is the body?”
  “Well—there’s a nice deep river
within four blocks of the Trinidad
Building.”
  “What do I do?”
  “Go to work, as usual. Bradshaw
won’t show up. He has no family.
Maybe his housekeeper will ask the
cops to find him. They may question
you and the rest of the office force. All
you know is that you left his office last
night while he was still out to supper.
They’ll think he skipped.”
  “Will they find the records that
show he’s been doing a fraudulent
bus—?”
  “Nix. I opened the safe and took
that letter from the mine experts.”
“That’s where you pulled a bone,
Rudie. You should have left that let-
ter. Then the cops would know he’s a
crook and that would motivate the dis-
appearance.
  “You’re a wise little cracker,” grinned
Rudie. “But it so happens we don’t
care a rap what the police think about
Bradshaw’s disappearance, and remem-
ber this: it’s always a good policy to
grab inside information whenever you
can; Bradshaw may not have been run-
ning this thing alone. See? And if
anyone else pops up to continue his
scheme—why with the help of that let-
ter, we’ll be able to squeeze ’em. At
any rate, them was my sentiments; and
besides, orders from The Mogul is
orders and—what’s the matter?”
  The Mogul! Rita had started and
fumbled her cup when the words were
spoken. With her very first adventure
she had stumbled into a scheme in
which The Mogul was involved. So
The Mogul had given orders that
Bradshaw’s letter was to be taken in
any event!
  “What’s the matter?” repeated Rudie.
  He had noticed her astonishment. It
was impossible now to feign indiffer-
ence. The safest maneuvre, she felt,
was to be frankly curious, and also a
bit angry because of the meddling of an
outsider.
  Emphasis was called for. She over-
came her natural aversion to profanity
and asked boldly, “The Mogul? And
who in the hell is The Mogul?”
  “That.” replied Rudie pleasantly, “is
none of your damn business. ...”
  It was two weeks before the official
investigation into the disappearance of
Bradshaw got seriously under way.
Meanwhile, the employees (besides
Rita, there were but three—a book-
keeper, a typist and a file clerk) had
hunted up other jobs. Rita was ques-
tioned by the police and said that on
the evening of Bradshaw’s disappear-
ance she had left the office at seven-
thirty while he was out to supper. The
hall man remembered seeing Bradshaw
come back from supper, but he couldn’t
place the time definitely; he guessed it
was before eight.
  The shareholders in Bradshaw's mine
formed an organization to inquire into
the matter. It took several months be-
fore they discovered the details of the
fraud. But this investigation, since it
72
The Campaign for Vengeance
did not solve the question of Bradshaw’s
whereabouts, does not interest us.
  We must keep pace with Rita.
VIII
  Whatever slight inclination Rita may
still have had to confess her part of the
crime against Bradshaw disappeared
entirely in that moment in which Rudie
Breen spoke the words The Mogul.
  Now that she had somehow wedged
into the scheme of things in which The
Mogul was the pivot, her mind became
once again a single-track mind; she
excluded every thought except those
which were directly connected with
her problem of running down her
quarry.
  Rudie Breen was the medium through
which she had established contact with
The Mogul's sphere; she therefore
clung to Breen tenaciously and encour-
aged his friendship in the hope that he
would try again to involve her in some
of his machinations. In this hope she
was not disappointed. Rudie did not
use her again in his personal ventures.
He did more; he introduced her into
society—a society which practised crime
in its more refined forms. With the
explanation that he still owed her some-
thing for rescuing him when the police
raided the dance hall, and regret that he
could not pay the debt himself, Rudie
offered to introduce her to “some friends
of mine who may be able to do some-
thing for you.”
  The friends lived in a private, brown-
tone house on Eighty-first Street. You
have already met the occupants of the
house. They are the couple who were
with Rudie at the dance hall and who,
like Rudie (Rita was not aware of this)
escaped while the place was in darkness.
  “Meet Mr. Harold Creighton,” intro-
duced Breen. “I think you've met
before.”
  “On the southeast corner of Thirty-
ninth Street and Seventh Avenue,"
smiled Rita.
  Mr. Harry Creighton introduced the
statuesque blonde, “Miss Daly—my
wife, Judith.”
  With no further comment Breen
stepped out of the room and Creighton
locked the door. Pie motioned Rita into
a rocker and joined his wife on the
settee.
  “We know everything about you that
Breen knows,” began Creighton. “It
appears obvious that your head is more
than a garage for bonnets—for which
reason.you interest us. Here’s our
proposition : In our—business—we can
occasionally use an intelligent, attractive
and unattached girl. How we will use
you will depend upon the talents you
show you possess—more of this some
other time.
  “It is enough to say now that we
work always with a minimum of vio-
lence and that we will so arrange mat-
ters that the dangerous part of your
work will be done by someone else for
you. In return for your services we will
offer you a room in this house—you pass
as Judith’s sister—board, clothing (in
this respect you can go the limit) and a
fifty-fifty split on the profits of such
ventures in which you play the leading
role.”
  Creighton paused and stroked his
glossy, black hair, then easily: “You
will, of course, be in a position to squeal,
in which case we could suggest to the
authorities that you had not told the
truth in regard to the disappearance of
Mr. Bradshaw. But we wouldn’t. We’d
just kill you. Well ?”
  “I’d like to go into this thing with my
eyes open,” replied Rita. “Of course,
I can’t expect you to take me entirely
into your confidence at the present time.
In one of our talks Breen spoke of The
Mogul. You give me an earful about
this gent and I’ll give you my answer.”
  Creighton began pulling at his waxed
The Campaign for Vengeance
73
moustache. “Since Breen’s been so
damn careless, J can at least be frank.
You’re here by The Mogul’s invitation.
The Mogul, part of whose business it is
to know everything the police would
like to know, has learned of the courage
and quick-wittedness you displayed at
the dance hall and in connection with
the Bradshaw business. He suggested
that you be brought into our circle. His
identity and whereabouts must remain
a secret to you until you have gradu-
ated from the actors’ class to the ranks
of those who can also direct. For the
present you will be under orders to me.
That’s all I can say.”
  “I like it here,” said Rita, “I think
I'll stay.”
  That night, in her comfortable bed-
room in Creighton’s home, Rita vowed
again her terrible vow against The
Mogul. She was now in one of the
inner circles of his scheme of opera-
tions; she felt that circumstances would
inevitably bring her to the circle’s centre
and face to face with the man %vho had
taken her brother’s life.
  A kindly Fate helped her to win her
way quickly into the complete confi-
dence of her associates in crime. As
Rita suspected, the Creightons first used
her as a bait to lure philanderers to
their ruin. The first victim offered by
Fate was so detestable a specimen that
Rita actually enjoyed the part she
played in the slaughter.
  Rinault was his name; he was the
florid, flabby, fat type, with a wrinkled,
greasy stout neck. We will gloss over
the details of his brief courtship.
Rinault was not original; he mingled
braggadocio with flattery and indulged
in all the inanities of his breed. He
made two mistakes; he wrote letters to
Rita and, in a careless moment some
years back, he had married.
  That made it easy for Creighton.
After Rita had ten letters, she was ex-
cused from bothering further with
Rinault. Creighton handled the dan-
gerous work—the negotiations for the
purchase of the missives. The deal
netted four thousand dollars.
  After that first success, Rita became
a member in good standing in bad soci-
ety. No secrets were withheld from her;
she was of the initiate. She got to know
the members of the organization and the
nature of their work. The ramifications
of the organization astounded her; there
was no type of crime in which The
Mot/ul did not dabble.
  He was a systematic gentleman. His
followers were divided into cliques, each
of which specialized in one particular
type of crime. Each clique was bossed
by one of The Mogul's personal repre-
sentatives—Henry Wortz was head of
the counterfeiters, Tony Iglano was gen-
eralissimo of a strong-arm squad, Frank
Yost directed the dips, George Geiger,
an ex-jeweler, acted as fence, Rudie
Breen was the safe expert, and Harry
Harker managed the crew that trafficked
in drugs. Add the Creightons, experts
in the gentle art of blackmail, and your
list of The Mogul's lieutenants is com-
plete.
  Naturally Rita was often in a posi-
tion where she could have betrayed one
or more of her delightful companions to
the authorities, but she sat tight till all
possible doubt of her trustworthiness
was removed. Then finally there was
presented to her the chance to lop off
—without risking self-betrayal—a most
important branch of The Mogul's or-
ganization. And once this feat was ac-
complished, the incidents of her career
led swiftly to a startling and dramatic
denouement.
IX
  It was the solicitude of Sergeant
Alan Nevins—one time fiance, more re-
cently “stranger” to -Rita—that made
her first triumph possible. Rita had
put him on his honor to attempt no
74
The Campaign for Vengeance
interference with her plans; but a little
thing like honor is of no moment to a
gentleman who happens to be in love
and who thinks his fair lady is in danger.
  So the dishonorable Mr. Nevins tried
to track his wandering girl to her lair,
in which'fell purpose he had no luck at
all till he heard, through police channels,
that a Miss Rita Daly had been ques-
tioned in connection with the disappear-
ance of one J. Stanley Bradshaw.
Nevins had her watched by a friend on
the department, and it was his lover-
luck that said friend was busy spying
on the day Rudie Breen took Rita to
the Creighton home.
  The Creightons, it may be said, had
no standing at headquarters; they had
never been finger-printed or mugged,
no one on the cops knew anything
about them. Proving again that a fellow
can be a good crook without help from
the police.
  But Nevins decided, in view of Rita’s
avowed and terrible intentions, that the
Creightons must be phoney in some
respect or otherwise Rita wouldn’t be
living with them. To shadow the
Creighton home was next to impossible;
however Nevins did pass through their
block in a taxi every evening at about
seven-thirty.
  After two weeks, his persistence was
repaid. The Creightons, with Rita,
came out of their home, got into their
car and headed downtown. Nevins, in
the taxi, followed.
  The two cars crossed the Queens-
borough Bridge and drove into the
pretty Long Island suburb of Kew
Gardens. Creighton’s car finally stopped
before a beautiful, many-gabled house
on Willow Avenue. A few minutes
later, Nevins’ taxi sped past.
  Some fifteen minutes later, Mr.
Franklin, of 117 Willow Avenue, re-
ceived a phone call from his friend,
Captain Webb, of the Kew Gardens
Police Station. Captain Webb wanted
to know whether Mr. Franklin objected
to having a pleasant young man sit on
his porch or in his library for about an
hour or so that night. Mr. Franklin
said:
  “Sure, let Mr. Nevins come. No; I
don’t know much about Geiger. I think
he’s in the jewelry business. But I
don’t like him—he’s too noisy.”
  So it came about that Rita Daly, sit-
ting at an open window in the parlor
of Geiger's home at 120 Willow Avenue,
was startled to see a good-looking young
man whom she recognized at once, walk
into the gateway of the Franklin house
across the street. There was a light in
the Geiger parlor, so that Rita, framed
by the window, was clearly visible. The
young man paused momentarily under
the arc-lamp before the Franklin house ;
he looked up at Rita and instinctively
began to tip his hat. While in this
process, he undoubtedly recalled that he
was a “stranger” to her; therefore, after
his hat was raised, he scratched the top
of his head and then walked on into the
house.
  A few minutes later, a light was
turned on in the library of the Franklin
home. The library was on the first floor
front. Although the shade was drawn,
there was a shadow upon it; a man sat
near the window. His pompadour be-
trayed his identity.
  Our heroine frowned. So . . . that’s
the kind of a gentleman Mr. Nevins
was, eh ? That was his idea of honor—
to swear by all the alphabet not to butt
into her business and then to chase her
all the way to Kew Gardens and shadow
her from a house across the street.
  It was while Rita was trying to decide
whether to cut Mr. Nevins dead for ever
and aye, or to waylay him and give him
an earful, that she heard Harry Creigh-
ton asking, "How much to you expect
to get for the stuff, George?”
  “Thirty-five thousand, anyway,” re-
plied Geiger.
The Campaign for Vengeance
75
  “They are worth at least sixty," pro-
tested Judith Creighton.
  “The shape of the diamond in the
lavaliere is too unique—it’ll be recog-
nized at once, unless it’s recut,” ex-
plained Geiger. “And recutting is an
expensive operation and reduces the
value of the stone to us.”
  “Wheri is Ashley coming?” asked
Creighton.
  “Ten-thirty.”
  “Sorry we can’t stay,” from Creigh-
ton. “But we’ll have to leave at ten to
make Bronxville at eleven. Miss Tahn
is a meticulous ass and insists that her
guests be on time. I might worm more
out of Ashley.”
  “Some day when I’m rich,” said Rita,
“I’m going to become one of Geiger’s
customers.”
  Tony Iglano, top-sergeant of The
Mogul's yeggs, spoke up. “Do you like
that pear-shape stone, Rita? I had to
croak a guy to get it. It has blood
on it.”
  “A little thing like that doesn’t trou-
ble our pretty friend,” put in Geiger,
his lips twitching into a cruel, sarcastic
smile. “Remember Bradshaw!”
  The taunt stung. Rita flushed; she
popped out of her seat and flared an-
grily: “You quit that, Geiger! I’ve had
enough of your—”
“Dry up,” broke in Judith. “The
neighbors'll think we’re having a fight.”
Geiger lit a ciagrette. “Excuse me.
my sensitive young lady. I had no idea
you were finicky on that subject.”
  So the matter was dropped. At.least,
so they thought. But the fury of the
embittered Rita did not abate. To be
twitted on a murder was not her idea
of good humor. And while Geiger’s
insult blistered and burned in her heart,
her mind strived eagerly to concoct a
swift vengeance. Thinking along these
lines, she remembered Nevins. and look-
ing up, she saw that his shadow was
still on the shade of the house across
 the way. A few moments ago she was
 angry with Nevins for having followed
 her ; now, strangely, nothing would have
 pleased her more than to have Nevins
 in the same room with her, and see* him
 hand Geiger what was known in the
 kparlance of her set as a swift slap in the
 snoot.
   Still sitting at the open window, she
 fell into a moody, thoughtful silence.
 She often affected this pose; the others
 disregarded her and continued their con-
 versation. Meanwhile, Rita’s troubled
 mind—and consci e n c e—urged and
 spurred her to immediate vindictive
 action.
   When she came to the Geiger house
 that evening, he showed her the jewels
 which had been stolen by Tony Iglano
 and one of his gang. Geigqr had never
 come under the suspicion of the police,
 but he played safe nevertheless. He
 never kept stolen articles in his safe or
 in any other place which was likely to
 be searched. During such time as he
 had them in his possession, he kept the
 pilfered treasures in the hollow of the
 moulding which ran across the wall
 between the two windows in his parlor.
 That’s where the stolen jewels were
 now. in the hollow brass-lined moulding
 that ran across the wall one foot from
 the ceiling, from the window near which
 she sat to the other end of the room.
   There was a lavaliere, a pearl neck-
 lace and several rings. The lavaliere
 had a pear-shaped blue-white stone, the
 rings were engraved with initials and
 dates. The necklace clasp bore a scratch
 number. That made all of the jewels
 easily identifiable. She knew that cir-
 culars describing the pieces had been
 sent to all the police and to private de-
 tective agencies.
   Tony Tglano had been surprised dur-
 ing the burglar}- and he had shot and
 killed. If the jewels were found by the
 police, Geiger and Iglano could be held
 on a murder charge.
76
The Campaign for Vengeance
  And friend Nevins, a detective, was
across the street, less than a hundred
feet away!
  And yet the difficulties which blocked
her betrayal of Geiger seemed almost
insurmountable. For this one point
must be kept constantly in the fore-
ground of the reader’s, as it was in
Rita’s thoughts; she could under no
circumstances commit any act which
would disclose her identity. She had
to retain the confidence of her circle till
she penetrated to its centre, The Mogul.
He. after all, was the one she was seek-
ing; if she revealed herself now as a
spy, all her previous suffering would
have been in vain.
  She could, therefore not cry out nor
send any message to Nevins or to the
police. Her problem was to communi-
cate with Nevins by some method that
would escape the attention of the other
persons in the room with her. And the
message would have to be complicated
and of some length; it would have to
tell the secret of the hidden jewels.
  Such a message could be written or
telephoned, but neither of these agencies
was practicable. She had neither pen,
pencil nor paper, and if she asked for
them her request would be certain to
arouse some curiosity on the part of
her "friends.” And even assuming she
could write a note, how could she have
it delivered? If she dropped it out of
the front window, it would land on the
roof of the porch. If she tied it to some
heavy object and threw it out, that
would be sure to attract attention—and
it probably would escape the notice of
Nevins who was sitting on the other
side of a drawn shade. And, of course,
it was altogether impossible to have a
note carried to Nevins; she couldn’t run
across the street herself nor could she
stop a passerby. All this would too
obviously arouse the curiosity of the
Creightons.
  Neither could she telephone. That
was one respect in which Creighton
guarded her anxiously. Though he ap-
peared to trust her absolutely in all
other matters, he always tried to listen
in when she phoned.
  The task seemed hopeless.
  Then someone on the (same block
started his victrola playing the fox-
trot, “Say It With Music.”
  Say it with music. Rita could have
kissed the man who wrote that song,
the band which made the record and
the man who had the inspiration to
play it at that particular moment.
  Rita looked meditatively up at the
silvered moulding which held the loot.
Her eyes then rested on the mountain
landscape which hung on the wall be-
tween the two windows. She con-
tinued her reflections a few seconds
longer, then she sauntered leisurely to
Geiger’s victrola and began examining
the list of his records.
  Geiger fortunately, was an inveterate
jazz-fiend. His cabinets held hun-
dreds of records. He had all the
popular songs from "Sweet Rosie
O’Grady” to “When Frances Dances
With Me, Hully Gee!”
  There were six titles which especially
interested Rita. Her heart beat furi-
ously as she dug out a record, put it
on the machine and cranked up the
motor.
  At that moment, the clock on
Geiger’s mantlepiece tolled one, in-
dicating half past nine. She would
be leaving in half an hour. There
would be just time enough to play six
records.
  But—would the “stranger” across the
street tumble ? It was late August; her
windows were open—there was a screeji
in the one at which Nevins was sit-
ting—it was a quiet neighborhood—the
other victrola had stopped playing—
Nevins would hear clearly the
music that was poured from Geiger’s
njachine.
The Campaign for Vengeance
77
Did Nevins have the intelligence, the
quick-wittedness to—
  Rita cut short her reflections. All
she could do was to chance it and—
hope.
  “You need a little noise in this joint.”
she said to Geiger, “we’re falling
asleep.” She put the needle on the
record and then took her seat at the
open window again.
  From Geiger’s wictrola poured the
sweet voice of Margaret Roinaine,
pleading "Do You Hear Me Calling?”
  Almost instantly Alan Nevins raised
his shade!
  Rita sitting with one arm on the
window sill waved her handkerchief
across to him once. The light in his
room was turned out and Nevins came
down to join several members of the
Franklin family who were sitting on the
front porch.
  “I think that’s an awfully pretty
record,” said Rita, keeping her head
turned toward the window and fight-
ing desperately to ward off a feeling
of faintness.
  “Put on sumpin we c’n dance to,”
said Tony Iglano when the song had
run down.
  “Nice fox-trot?” asked Rita, hurry-
ing to the victrola. “Here’s something
with pep. Come on, Harry.”
  So they paired off, Rita with Creigh-
ton and Iglano with Judith; and they
danced to the tune of “Blue Diamonds’’
  “I’lr try Tony this time,” smiled
Rita as she cranked up the machine
again. “I want to see how he fox-
trots.”
  “And I’ll rest,” said Creighton.
  “Which leaves Judith for me. Thank
you,” grinned Geiger.
  So th(*y danced again. This time
to the music of "Look For The Silver
Lining.”
  “Now give us a waltz,” suggested
Geiger. “I got a couple of good—”
  “I like the sentimental ones best,”
put in Rita. “Who’s my partner this
time?”
  “At your service,” volunteered
Geiger.
  “I like my old man best for a waltz,”
said Judith, pouncing on Creighton.
  “You can sing this one Tony,”
laughed Rita.
  And Tonv did—“O—vah da hill—
O—vah da hill.’r
“I like the voice of Nora Bayes
better,”—from Rita. “Let’s give her
a chance.” So Nora was permitted to
warble “In a■ Little Front Parlor."
  “We’ll have to be going in a few
minutes,” said Creighton, “if we want
to reach—”
  “One more fox-trot,” pleaded Rita.
“Tony does them so beautifully.”
  Tony bowed his appreciation and
whirled Rila around lo the melody of
“The Dangerous Blues.”
  That completed the musical pro-
gram. ‘ Judith and Rita powdered
their noses and put on their hats; then
Creighton led them to his car. As they
started off, stranger Nevins, still on
the front porch of the Franklin house,
once again raised his hajt, once again
caught and stopped himself and
scratched his head. Rita, from the
back seat of the car, waved her hand-
kerchief to him once, quickly. . . .
  On the trip up to Bronxville, Judith
talked to her but Rita did not appear
interested in the conversation. Rita’s
brain was in a turmoil of mingled hope,
anxiety and dread. Had Nevins caught
on? Had he solved her music-cipher?
Would Geiger fight if he were raided
and would Nevins be hurt?
  The fact that Nevins had clearly
responded to her first signal “Do You
Hear Me Calling?” encouraged her to
hope that he had understood not only
that she was saying it with music but
also in titles.
Geiger’s stolen jewels were hidden in
that part of the silvered moulding in the
78
The Campaign for Vengeance
parlor, which passed over the picture
depicting a mountain scene. And Rita
had signaled "Blue Diamonds. . . .
Look for the silver lining over the hill,
in a little front parlor—Dangerous
Blues.” . . .
  The Creightons with Rita arrived
home from the Bronxville party at two
o’clock next morning. The phone was
ringing as they entered the house.
Creighton answered it.
  When he joined the two women who
were removing their wraps in the sit-
ting room, his face was somewhat
flushed and he spoke rather shakily.
"Geiger was raided at twenty minutes
past ten last night,” he announced.
"Four detectives. They got in by ring-
ing his door bell and insisted upon
searching his parlor. He figured it was
a bluff and let them go to it. They
browsed around a bit and then pried
away the moulding between the two
front windows. Iglano tried to shoot
but they flattened him. To make
matters worse, Ashley blew in while
the search was going on and they
nabbed him too!” He turned toward
Rita, but his gaze appeared to be con-
centrated on the tip of his cigarette.
"It—it looks damn queer.”
 “My God!” exploded Judith.
"Where’d you get—?”
  "That was the High Chief himself
that had me on the phone.” (High
Chief was another name for The
Mogul.)
  Judith became enraged. “And while
this raid was going on, where in the
hell was Janies?”
  “James,” explained Creighton, "is at
headquarters in New York. This raid
originated in the police station in Keiv
Gardens. James knew nothing about it
till it was all over.”
  Creighton looked up from his ciga-
rette and stared straight at Rita, but
though the heart in her threatened to
burst, she returned his glance fear-
lessly. He shrugged his shoulders.
“Well . . . good night ladies. . .
X
  Early the next morning, Mr. Harry
Creighton attended a meeting held in a
small rear room of the Bird’s-Eye dance
hall. Some ten men were present, in-
cluding a white-haired gentleman who
appeared to be in command. The dis-
cussion lasted an hour and was, at
times, rather acrimonious. The gist
of what transpired is evident from
what Creighton said to his wife
Judith when he got back to his home
again.
  “Sergeant Nevins handled the raid,”
explained Creighton. . “There was a
squeal somewhere, that’s a cinch, but
James, at headquarters, hasn’t learned
yet where Nevins got his tip. That
Nevins, by the way, is a wise bird. He’s
keeping his mouth shut.”
  “What about Rita?” asked Judith.
“Yost, Harker and Wortz were for
conferring upon her the order of the
wooden kimono. Wortz doesn’t like
her anyhow—she snubs him—and he
offered personally to wring her neck.
But the High Chief isn’t satisfied she’s
the nigger in the woodshed—and
damned if I can see how she could have
squealed. She didn’t know the gems
were in Geiger’s house till after she
got there, and she certainly didn’t
signal from the place—not while I was
conscious.”
  “What’s the word?”
  "Janies will keep an eye on Nevins
for us. We’ll try to run the mystery
down from that end. Meanwhile, Rita
is to have an absolutely loose rein.
She’s come across with the goods for
us several times and she’s to be trusted
unqualifiedly. The Mogul figures that
if she is against us, the quickest way
to find it out, is to give her enough
rope to hang herself . .
The Campaign for Vengeance
79
XI
  That evening, Rita, knowing that
Detective Nevins was generally at home
between the hours of six and seven,
telephoned him from a public booth and
asked for an interview.
  “I’ve been followed all day and some
fat boob is watching my house now.
Where are you?”
  "Times Square.”
  "Tell you what. You can make my
place in fifteen minutes. Come right
away. I’ll go out now and trot my
fat friend around town for half an
hour or so. That’ll give you a chance
to slip in while the house is uncovered.”
Rita was admitted by Sergeant
Nevins’ mother, who ushered the girl
into the kitchen. “The front parlor is
taboo now that they’re watching our
home,” explained the old lady.
  Nevins returned after some twenty
minutes. “I brought him back home
with me,” he said. “He’s leaning
against a pole across the street. I’ve a
notion to punch his jaw.”
  “Are you aware,” asked Rita, “that
someone on the force is having you
shadowed ?”
  “Some one on the force?” Nevins
shook his head, incredulous.
  “My gang,” said Rita, affecting
pride, “has a man at headquarters who
gives us advance dope when we’re goner
be bit. Sabe? Ask me not further
info. That’s all I’m wise to.”
  “James—Janies—first or last name?”
  “Search me.”
 “Hm. There are hundreds of
Jameses on the cops. Well—.” he
tossed off his troubles. With out-
stretched arms, he pleaded, “Come to
me, my musical friend/and let’s for-
get—”'
  “I came here on business,” frowned
Rita.
  Nevins affected humility. “I stand
corrected. What business?”
  “I know the name and address of a
nice little counterfeiter who makes
beautiful money, really. Does that in-
terest you?”
 “Somewhat.” Nevins drew out a
note book. “Name, description, street
and number, please.”
  “Henry Wortz.” replied Rita, and
added a number on Christopher
Street. “Printing shop on first floor.
On second and top floor, four rooms
which should be searched in the
event the shop yields no flukey
stuff.”
  “Thanks.”
  “You’re welcome. And now, may I
ask how you managed that raid last
night ?”
  “My hardest job was to convince
the captain of the Kew Gardens police
station that I wasn’t loco. The rest
was easy. Geiger admitted us when
we rang and we went directly upstairs
to—”
  “Then you had no trouble deciphering
my message ?”
  “Well—not to be unduly boastful—•
matters like that are in my line. But
even so—I’d never heard that song,
‘In a Little Front Parlor,’ before, and
the words of the record were not clear.
But Mr. Franklin cleared up that for
me. So of course, that’s where we went
directly—into Geiger’s parlor. We
could hardly avoid seeing the hill on
the picture and when we looked over
the hill we saw the silver lining.
Simple.”
 Then, after a pause, “But for
heaven’s sake Mar—er—Miss Daly—
you’re certainly going about this thing
in a haphazard way. May I suggest
that a trained investigator does not
depend upon chance and his wits alone,
but always uses some set of signals—
signals which are sure to be recognized
by another investigator? We may meet
again—and there may be no phono-
graph around.”
80
The Campaign for Vengeance
  Rita was duly humbled. “Won’t you
teach—?”
  “With pleasure, sweeth—stranger.
Now there’s the Morse Code, for in-
stance. That’s a system of communi-
cation by means of dots and dashes
which are used instead of letters. Your
—friends—are undoubtedly acquainted
with this code. But there are many
ingenious ways of employing it.
F’r example: there’s the case of the
old lady who sent a message in the
Morse Code by embroidering it on the
edge of a towel. Is that clear? She
used French knots to indicate dots and
a long straight stitch to indicate dashes.
And the design she embroidered, spelled
a sentence! Clever, wasn’t it?”
  “I’ll stay awhile,” said Rita. “Mr.
Nevins, will you teach me the Morse
Code and some of the method^
which—?”
  “I sure will.”
  An hour later, Nevins escorted Rita
through his backyard into the kitchen
of the house next door. The neighbor
allowed Rita to walk out her front
door. "Good night,” called Nevins,
“and remember your lesson.”
XII
  After her feeling of exhilaration
because of her first signal triumph over
The Mogul, Rita suffered a fit of de-
pression and nausea. After all, one’s
natural impidses cannot be inhibited
indefinitely. The whole business was
repulsive to her.
  She began brooding over the Brad-
shaw affair; she could not drive the
tragedy from her memory. Although
not directly responsible for this part
of the regrettable affair, she felt that
most of the blame was hers.
  And strangely enough, of all her as-
sociates, Rudie Breen, who had crossed
her, was the only one she could not
bring herself to dislike. She could not
explain this. It may have been some-
thing about his eyes; generally they
were bleary, but they were always
calm, never shifty. Sometimes she
caught in them an expression of utter
resignation. He was a criminal, to be
sure, but at times there was that about
him which seemed to indicate that he
was a child of Fate and aware of the
tragedy of his life, but powerless—or
perhaps too tired—to struggle against
it.
  But all this did not cancel the fact
of Bradshaw’s death.
  In a moment of abject despair, Rita
wrote a complete history of the sorry
affair and mailed it in a sealed envelope
to Nevins, suggesting that he hold it
unopened six months and then turn it
over to the district attorney.
  Rita, morbid with dread, self-re-
proach and anxiety, determined to play
the game desperately and swiftly. She
decided that a furious offensive on her
part might force The Mogul to strike
back at her. She had a feeling that
when he did strike, it would be directly
and not through a medium. She would
meet him face to face—what hap-
pened then, lay in the hands of the
gods—and Rita was not afraid.
  Accordingly, when Creighton in-
formed her that on the following
Saturday night a batch of new money
was to be turned out at Wortz’s, Rita
at once wrote to Nevins, saying that
nine o’clock would be a good time for
a raid.
  Then, late Saturday afternoon,
Creighton sprang a surprise. Rita had
never been at Wortz’s. Now Creighton
coolly informed her that The Mogul had
decided that she was to be used as a
shover for awhile. “The money we’re
turning out would get by the U. S.
Secretary of the Treasury himself. An
attractive, prosperous-looking girl like
you should have no trouble changing
twenty-dollar bills.”
The Campaign for Vengeance
81
  Then he added, “You’re to go with
me tonight and get an inside line on
how the stuff is made, what it looks
like, how it differs from real money
and so on. We want you to know your
business thoroughly.”
  Rita’s first impulse was to try to have
the raid called off. But after thinking
it over, she decided that she must let
matters run their course. If Creighton
did not take her to Wortz’s till after
nine, the raid would precede them, in
which case they would be in no danger.
If they went before nine, she would
probably be caught. . . . Well, the
federal authorities would probably han-
dle the raid, but Nevins would be sure
to be in it. And Nevins, dear old
“stranger.” would have the intelligence
to permit her to stage an escape.
XIII
  They made the trip in Creighton’s
car and reached Wortz’s place a bit
after eight o’clock. They passed
through the print shop, up a narrow
flight of stairs and into one of the rooms
on the second floor. Two tables were
in the room—one in a corner, one in
the centre. At the centre table, three
men were playing pinochle: at the
corner table, four men were playing
a game of their own concoction with
two sets of dominoes. One man was
still fussing around downstairs in the
shop.
  Creighton and Wortz, with Rita be-
tween them, sat down on a couch; the
initiation of Rita into the gentle art of
counterfeiting began. Wortz spoke of
presses, plates, dies, inks, stamps, the
fibre in paper; he explained how forged
signatures were worked into the process.
  At eight-thirty, the pinochle game
broke up. One of the three players
went with Wortz to the door, another
drew Creighton aside and engaged him
in a conversation. Rita strolled over
    B. M.—Apr.—6
to the table at which the four men were
playing dominoes, and watched the
game. When the three card players
had gone, she rejoined Wortz and
Creighton on the couch.
  She fumbled for her handkerchief
in her sleeve; then she remembered she
had put it into her mesh bag. She had
left the bag on the couch.
  Now it was gone!
  Rita sighed resignedly; she had had
experiences of this kind before.
Mingled with The Mogul’s crowd, were
a certain number of “gents” who at-
tended to minor details—dirty work—
and who were inherently incapable of
being honest with anyone. The bag
was of no great value, so Rita said
nothing about the matter.
  Wortz continued his explanation of
the mysteries of his art. Then, at eight-
forty, the man downstairs in the print
shop, called up from the hall, “Tele-
phone call for Mr. Creighton.”
  When Creighton came back from the
print shop, his face had turned a
grayish white. “Raid I" he cried.
  Instantly the four men playing
dominoes, jumped to their feet.
  “No need getting excited,” cried
Creighton. “They’re due here the
minute of nine. We’re absolutely safe
till that time. James at headquarters
sent the tip to the High Chief who just
had me on the phone. Nevins is in
on this thing—damn him! Now shake
a leg—get your plates and paraphernalia
and money into suit-cases and beat it.
Don’t all go in the same car—go in two
or three cars. Eighty-six Bay Road—
four rings. Jenkins stays here and is
printing handbills when the cops ar-
rive. Hurry!”
 The four thugs and Wortz ran
downstairs. From the hallway upstairs,
Creighton kept shouting orders to them.
  While the preparations for the escape
were being made, Rita tried frantically
to think of some way to leave a message
82
The Campaign for Vengeance
for Nevins, which would betray the
address to which the counterfeit money
was being taken. Eighty-six Bay Road.
She was sure Creighton would force
her to leave before the detectives came—
how could she tell them where
to go?
  To write it would have been simplest,
but her pencil and notebook were in the
mesh bag which had been stolen from
her. She searched the room—not a
thing to write with or on.
  Still, there must be some way—
Nevins had recommended the Morse
Code—but how was that possible? . . .
She ran about the room in a kind of
frenzy — Morse Code—eighty-six Bay
Road. Nevins would search this room
—she could not fall him—she must
think—
  Then her eyes rested on the table
on which lay dominoes, some of them
turned face up. There were dots on the
dominoes! This fact struck her with
trip-hammer force. And the blanks
could indicate dashes!
  Nevins, who had spoken of the Morse
Code for one whole hou'r the last time
she saw him, could not possibly miss. . t .
  She ran to the table. Thank heaven,
there were two sets of dominoes. She
could use letters in duplicate. Eighty-
six Bay Road. Swiftly her fingers
brushed aside such pieces as were use-
less. The others she lay, face up, in a
certain order. When Creighton came
into the room again, she had fin-
ished.
  “You little rat!” he leered. “We’re
going to eighty-six Bay Road. Suppose
you see if you can tell Sergeant Nevins
that!”
  “What are you talking about?” de-
manded Rita calmly. (She was stand-
ing with her back to the table.)
  He took her mesh bag out of his
pocket and dangled it before her.
“Your pencil and notebook are in here
and I gave orders to Wortz that there
was to be no writing material in this
room. The Chief trusted you—but I
didn’t.”
  “Are you accusing me of—?”
  He seized her roughly by the wrist.
“Come along. You’ll find out soon
enough what you’re accused of. You
sit next to me on the front seat of the
car. I’m going to keep a gun with a
silencer pressed against your side. If
you cry out I’ll shoot six pretty holes
into you!”
XIV
  The raiding party, consisting of ten
members of the federal secret service
and four city detectives, including Ser-
geant Nevins, hit Wortz’s print shop
at precisely nine o'clock. The place had
previously not been shadowed; it was
feared a shadow might be noticed and
a raid suspected.
  In Wortz’s place, the raiders dis-
covered such things as can be found in
any print shop and one meek little man
who was printing handbills. The
searchers passed through every room;
they tapped for false floors and walls;
they overlooked no nook or corner.
  “You got a fine tip, I must say,”
commented Captain Wayne, who headed
the federal detectives.
  “I got my. tip from the most depend-
able person in the world!” retorted
Nevins.	.
  While this discussion wai going on
in the hallway, Tim Tripp, a city de-
tective. was standing before a table in
one of the rooms on the second floor.
There were dominoes on the table; most
of the pieces were piled in neat heaps
in a corner. But in the centre of the
table lay several other dominoes, face
up, and something about their arrange-
ment attracted and held Tripp’s atten-
tion. So that a better comprehension
of what followed can be had, we will
lav before the reader the dominoes as
The Campaign for Vengeance
83
Tim Tripp saw them spread before this out calmly.” Then, after a pause,
him:	“From the arrangement, it would seem
EO ED Em CO
CE3EE] Q3 E3U EZ3 tZOCO
              CO
  The dominoes forming an arrow-
head were turned face down.
  After Tim Tripp had stood before
the table a few moments, he called,
“Hey, Al, come in here and look at
this.”
  Nevins, with several other detectives,
gathered around the table. “Do these
dominoes mean anything to any of you
fellows?” asked Tripp.
  After a silence of a few minutes,
Capt. Wayne volunteered, “Well —
the arrangement certainly appears—
deliberate—and not accidental. Take
that arrow now—if it is not intended
to draw attention to the other dominoes,
then why is it there?”
  “If a signal—a message was in-
tended,” said Tripp, “it is obvious that
some code was used.”
  “Code,” muttered Nevins. “Code—
code—what kind of a code—?”
  “Well, in the Morse system,” reflected
Capt. Wayne, “dots and dashes are—”
“Morse Code!” exploded Nevins,
brushing aside several men and edging
closer to the table. He was trembling
with excitement. “Of course it’s the
Morse Code! The dots on the dominoes
are dots, and the blanks are dashes.
It’s clear—”
  “Keep inside your shirt,” protested
Captain Wayne. “Let's try to figure
that the domino at the bottom—the one
with the two blanks, is a signature. In
Morse, two dashes stand for the letter
M. Does M signify any—?”
  “Marguerite!” cried Nevins. “Marge
is with us, boys ! She—”
  “All right ” interrupted Wayne. “Now
assuming that each domino denotes one
letter, that would make the first letter
in the word at the top—h’m—let me
see—dot stop two dots—"
  “That’s an R,” said Nevins.
  “The next letter is dot dash—that’s
an A.” went on Wayne. “The third
letter is dot stop dot—that’s an O. The
last letter is dash two dots, which de-
notes D. That makes the word ROAD
—which doesn’t mean anything at all!”
Again a pause, this time a long one.
Then Nevins. “The third letter, the
O, spoils the sense. Now assuming
that Marge wanted to use two dots in-
stead of dot stop dot—there is no way
of denoting two dots with one domino.
You must either have dot stop dot or
two dots dash. If that third letter was
really intended for two dots—that
would make it an I. And the word
-would be RAID!"
  “Al,” said Captain Wayne, “you’ll
be of great help to your mother when
you grow up. . . . We’ll go on with the
deciphering. Dash four dots stands for
8*
The Campaign for Vengeance
the number 8. Three dots stop three
dots has no meaning, so we’ll have to
read it six dots, which signify the num-
ber 6.” . . .
  Translated first into Morse and then
into English, the domino cipher read
as follows:
         « • • • *** •• — •• * ••••
         RAID 8
  “Raid 86 Bay Road!” thundered
Wayne. “I’ll say we will 1” He nodded
to one of his men. “You stay here,
Gus, and watch that runt printing hand-
bills downstairs. Let’s go!” . . .
       - XV
  Eighty-Six Bay Road was a cottage
of the Queen Anne type in Pelham.
Harry Creighton paid little heed to traf-
fic regulations in getting there; he made
it in forty minutes. Rita, at his side
on the fronj seat, was not in the least
inclined to attempt an escape. Rita,
you see, was on the sunny side of
twenty and engaged; she possessed
all the confidence—and recklessness of
youth. She expected to be in for an
exciting evening and in this expectation
she was not disappointed.
  They were admitted into the house
by a man in the garb or a butler. To
judge by his face, he’d have made a
better bouncer. He whispered a few
words to Creighton, after which Creigh-
ton led Rita into a room on the lower
floor. Creighton spoke no word; he
kept pacing the room nervously. Rita
sat down on a settee and wondered
how soon Nevins would drop in . . .
she expected, of course, that he would
see her message at once, decipher it in
one or two seconds and come chasing
after her . . . we’ve remarked on her
confidence.
  While they waited, several men came
into the house (they were admitted by
the butler after ringing four times)
and went up the stairway to the floor
above. Then, after half an hour or so,
Rita and Creighton were asked to fol-
low the butler.
   They went up one flight and entered
 a large square room. There was no
 ™ •• •• • •• " ••
6 B A Y R D
        M
furniture except ten chairs and one
table. The chairs were arranged in an
arc with the table in the centre. One
chair was vacant—the second from the
right—Creighton sat down on it. “It
appears as though they're peeved,”
thought Rita. “They’re going to let me
stand.”
   The butler entered the room, too.
locked the door and stood leaning
against it.
   Rita, glancing swiftly at the men in
 the arc, recognized Wortz, Larry
 Harker and Rudie Breen. Breen sat
 on the end chair, left. “A rather
 serious minded convention,” mused
 Rita. “And that gentleman, in the
 centre, at the table—”
   Abruptly, that particular reflection
 was broken off. Rita ran forward,
 stopped, and then screamed.
   The man at the table,-the ringleader,
 the tall white-haired, black-eyed,
 theatrically handsome man was J. Stan-
 ley Bradshazu!
  Of that there could be no doubt
whatsoever! Bradshaw was sitting
within a few feet of her, Bradshaw
was alive, and grinning at her with that
cruel, straight, thin-lipped mouth!
  Again Rita screamed. Then . . .
there had been no murder'! ^ . . "Good
old Rudie—I felt—I knew he couldn’t
have been so callous!” . . . There was
no blood on her hands . . . she was
free—free of a terrible nightmare . . .
but why was Bradshaw here? . . . here,
—at the head of—head ... he was
The Campaign for Vengeance
85
The Mogul—he must be The Mogul—
but if that was the case . . . “You
killed Jimmy !” she screamed. “And I’ve
got you at last! I’ve got you!”—she
ran to the table and pounded upon it
. . . she felt faint . . . where—where
was A1 ?—dear old A1—
  If this description of Rita’s imme-
diate reaction is a bit incoherent, it is
because her thoughts and acts were in-
coherent. Frenzy, exhilaration, amaze-
ment, cold dread, rage, bewilderment,
all these sensations were hers. Then,
collapse—Nature’s method of procuring
a period of rest for an exhausted body
and mind.
  When she recovered, she found her-
self being supported by Rudie Breen.
  “If you don’t mind, Chief,” Rudie
was saying, “I’ll stand. She can have
my chair.”
  No objection was raised. Rudie
Breen led her to the seat he had
occupied.
  The man at the table turned to Rita.
“This room is practically sound proof,”
he said. “You may scream to your
heart’s delight.” Then addressing the
men, “I have called you together to con-
sider the case of Miss Marguerite
Cornell, sister of Captain James Cornell
of whose—disposal—you are all ac-
quainted. Miss Cornell is responsible
for the arrest of Iglano, Geiger and
Ashley; she worked in conjunction with
Sergeant Nevins.”
  He paused. “If—if Miss Cornell
were a—man—the matter would, of
course, be simple. But both because
of her sex and her evident connection
with the police, I have called you in
conference, as I did when the fate of
her brother was agreed upon. Miss
Cornell must, in some manner be—re-
moved—or eliminated as a factor in the
war being waged against us by the
authorities.”
  The Chief paused and calmly lighted
a cigar. ,
 “A few months ago,” spoke up
Wortz, “I volunteered my services as—
eliminator. But, of course, if you’re
against hurting a woman—”
  “I am against nothing. If a majority
decides in favor of—blotting her out—
so be it. I insist only upon a safe
method.”
  Frank Yost, leader of the dips, put
in a word. Yost, it must be said, had
been out of town the greater part of
the last six months; he was not “up”
on all the incidents of Rita’s career.
“Who got this girl in with—?”
  “I did,” interrupted Rudie Breen.
  “You’re some fathead, I’ll chirp,”
said Yost.
  Breen disregarded the comment.
Slowly he turned his head to Rita. And
looking up, she saw his eyes half-close
and his lips twitch into a faint, brief
smile. And after that, somehow, she
was certain, absolutely certain that she
had one friend in the crowd.
  “The blame isn’t Rudie Breen’s,”
explained the Chief. “For your benefit,
Yost, and also for the girl’s—I take
it she’s interested—I'll clean up the
details of her ‘breaking in’ with us.
  “A few weeks after we settled James
Cornell, there was a raid on the Bird’s-
Eye. Rudie Breen had struck up a
chance friendship with this girl, who
was in the hall and who passed under the
name of Rita Daly. While the search
was going on. Miss Cornell slipped
into the barroom and turned off the
lights that enabled Larry Harker, who
was in the place with several thou-
sand dollars worth of snow—I believe
you know gentleman, where we keep
it—to get away. The girl told Breen
she had crossed the cops because she
had a private quarrel with them.
  “Well—she certainly saved us a lot
of trouble that night. I became in-
terested in her through Breen and
a letter from Creighton, manipulated
her into my employ as secretary—I was
86
The Campaign for Vengeance
selling mine stock in the Trinidad Build-
ing at the time.
  “Then, with Breen, she tried to steal
a letter from me and blafcktnail me.
That, gentlemen, showed her intelli-
gence—intelligence, that is, from our
point of view. Well. I had worked the
mine game to the limit and wanted to
disappear anyhow—so Breen and I
staged a murder.. He killed me when
I surprised him at my safe, see? He
used a ‘property knife'—a knife whose
silvered wooden blade can be pressed
up into its handle which i-s filled with
red ink. The blade thus became stained
red—and so did my shirt front. After
I was dead, he sent her out of the
office and the next day he told her he
had disposed of my body with Creigh-
ton’s help.
  “That stunt served several purposes.
I disappeared; I had the chance to ob-
serve Miss Cornell during a trying
moment, and by bluffing her into be-
lieving she had been in on a murder,
I	got a grip on her. Is that clear?
  “Well—I decided she had the cour-
age, the wit and the—attractiveness
to be useful to us. The Creightons took
her in. Then she somehow tipped off
Nevins about Geiger. We allowed her
a free reign, but James at headquar-
ters kept an eye on Nevins and ran
down his history. He found that
Nevins had been a friend of James
Cornell and was engaged to Cornell’s
sister Marguerite. We looked up Marv
guerite and found she was missing from
her home. We got several good de-
scriptions of her—and these descriptions
tallied with the appearance of Rita
Daly!
  “James phoned that news to me this
evening. Later, he phoned again and
said that Nevins would raid Wortz at
nine. I called up Wortz’s place and
had them all come here and bring the
girl with them. Then I sent for the
rest of you. That is all. gentlemen.”
XVI
  Rudie Breen cleared his throat.
“Since, after all, I was the sap who
nearly queered this gang by picking
up the girl, why not let me square
myself with the gang by relieving you
gentlemen of any trouble in regard to
her—blotting out?”
  They considered the proposition. “If
Iglano were out,” said Harker, “he
could manage it neatly. But with him
in JT”
  The door bell rang.
  They were in a room from whose
windows a person at the front door
could not be seen. After a moment’s
silence, Bradshaw instructed the butler,
“Run down, Benny, and see who it is.”
Benny went out of the room and
left the door leading to the hall open.
The others heard him go down the
stairway. Then the house door was
opened, and then closed again with a
bang. There came a crash of broken
glass, then two shots, then faintly,
Benny’s voice, “Cops!”
  Instantly everyone in the room
jumped to his feet. During the com-
motion, Rudie Breen edged Rita toward
the door, keeping himself between her
and the others.
  Bradshaw waved his men back and
snarled, “Another squeal! Well, Miss
Cornell, this is your last.” He drew his
gun and leveled it.
  The somewhat muffled report of an
exploded cartridge followed. Bradshaw
pitched forward 011 his face, blood
pouring from a hole in his forehead.
  Rudie Breen, smiling*, the inevitable
cigarette hanging loosely from his lips,
had fired from his coat pocket and he
had hit his mark. And this time it was
not a stage killing.
  Oaths, exclamations from the others.
Everyone drew, but Creighton fired
first. Breen, still smiling, crumpled
silently to the floor.
Rudie Breen, smiling, had fired from his coat pocket.—Page 86
87
88
The Campaign for Vengeance
  In the confusion. Rita had run from
the room. Fleeing down the stairs, she
tripped and fell, which was a fortunate
accident. Creighton had followed her
into the hall; his bullet sped harmlessly
over her head.
  The next shot was fired by Sergeant
Alan Nevins, who was leading the
raiders up the stairway. His bullet
bored through the body of Creighton,
just over the heart.
  Yost and Harker put up a fight and
had to be shot into submission. (Neither
of them was seriously wounded.) The
others, finding themselves outnumbered,
surrendered.
  Rita came to in the arms (naturally)
of Nevins. She at once staggered to
her feet, climbed unsteadily up the
stairway, ran into the room and fell
down beside the body of Rudie Breen.
  She took his head in her lap.
“Rudie 1 Rudie! I’m calling you!”
  Rudie opened his eyes. “I—I hope.
I’ve squared it with you. Miss Cornell
for—”
  “I forgive you, boy! I wanted you
to know I forgive you!”
  “Thanks—that’s—nice of you—Miss
Cornell.”
  She leaned closer and spoke in a
crooning voice, “You’re—through,
Rudie. But don’t be—afraid, boy, don’t
bg afraid.”
  “Me?—afraid—I could die many
times like this—”
  Captain Wayne, standing nearby,
took off his hat—and then turned away.
“I can’t help it,” he said. “When I
see a guy pass out with his head up—
crook or no crook—it—it gets me,
somehow.”
xvii
  The Mogul's tribe, having lost its
leaders, disbanded and scattered to the
four corners of the earth' Frank Yost
squealed and pleaded for mercy; that’s
how they solved the mystery of “James”
  at headquarters. “James” was “John
Ames,” a detective whose record showed
several suspensions for drunkenness
and disorderly conduct. The gang had
run his initial and last name together
and called him “James” so as to cover
his identity. . . .
  Sergeant Alan Nevins tore up the
envelope which contained the history
of Rita Daly’s murder of J. Stanley
Bradshaw.
  Sergeant Alan Nevins arrested Miss
Marguerite Cornell and brought her be-
fore the district attorney on the charge
of having been implicated in the black-
mailing of one Mr. Rinault. The dis-
trict attorney looked at Miss Cornell
over his nose glasses, said, “Hum,
hum,” and promised to look into the
matter.
  The district attorney investigated one
Mr. Rinault.
  A week later. Sergeant Alan Nevins
again towed Miss Cornell before the
district attorney. The district attorney
invited them to have dinner with him
at his home that evening and then he
threw the two of them out of his office.
  April. The anniversary of the death
of Police Captain James Cornell. A
slender girl with wistful eyes and a
handsome young man are standing at
Captain Cornell’s grave. The girl is
holding a small note-book which is
turned open to a page bearing the fol-
lowing inscription:
IN MEMORIAM.
From Marge and Al.
/. STANLEY BRADSHAW—assassinated.
HARRY CREIGHTON—killed during raid.
BENNY KAMP—hilled during raid.
TONY IGLANO—convicted of murder, elec-
  trocuted.
JUDITH CREIGHTON—suicide.
GEORGE GEIGER—convicted receiving
 stolen goods. 5 years.
ARTHUR ASHLEY—convicted receiving
 stolen goods, 5 years.
HENRY WORTZ—convicted counterfeiting,
  JO years.
The Campaign for Vengeance
89
LARRY HARKER—convicted of attempted
assault, 5 years.
FRANK' YOST—convicted of attempted
assault, 4 years.
FOUR OTHER ARRESTS AND CON-
VICTIONS ON CHARGES OF COUN-
TERFEITING AND ASSAJJLT.
And note, Jiminy, sleep in peace!
There was no mention of Rudie
Breen, who had atoned by giving his
life to protect a woman.
“If Jimmy could see this book, what
you do think he’d say?” asked Mar-
guerite Cornell.
“Jimmy would be proud of the fine
courage of liis little sister,” answered
Alan Nevins. “But he would be pro-
foundly grieved because so much suf-
fering was necessary to atone for his
death.”
  “Hold a match to this note-book.
Alan.”
  So they watched the book burn to
ashes.	~
  Then—we have said it was April—
it rained. The two were holding hands,
but in his- free hand. Nevins had an
umbrella. It never occurred to him to
open it, nor did Marguerite ask him to.
Perhaps the two had noticed the sun
smiling behind the cloud. Or perhaps
they' considered the shower a blessing
upon them from above. . . .
(The End)
The Brand of Cain
             By Ward Sterling
         ' I
Doctor Andrews, the phy-
sician who had been called in
by the coroner, gave as his
opinion that Waldo Fellows had
met death shortly after midnight. The
condition of the body, he said, proved
his contention. Then, too, the fact
that the blood with which the sheets
were smeared had dried and hard-
ened caused him to stick to his state-
ment.
  Yet Orville Hitchens, Fellows’ secre-
tary, swore that his employer had been
alive and well at two o’clock in the
morning.
  Hitchens stated that he had been sum-
moned by Fellows at one o’clock and
requested to drive to Amboy, two miles
away, for some bromide. Mr. Fellows
had been extremely nervous of late and
found himself unable to sleep. Finding
that he had no bromide—a drug that
he was accustomed to taking—he had
awakened the secretary. Hitchens as-
serted that he had taken the light car,
made the trip and returned just before,
the clock struck two. Fellows had
taken a dose of the drug and Hitchens
had again retired.
  Henry Phelps, the drug clerk, verified
Hitchens’ statement as to the purchase
of the bromide, while Landes, the
chauffeur, told of getting out the light
car for the secretary, who had driven
it himself.
  In spite of this Doctor Andrews stuck
to his statement that the murdered man
had been dead at least ten hours when
he made his examination. Swenson,
the valet, had discovered the murder
when he went to awaken his master at
eight o’clock.
  It was nearly ten o’clock when Coro-
ner Stevenson arrived, accompanied by
Doctor Andrews and Bram Dwyer, the
New York detective, who, with myself.
was1 spending a few days’ vacrrtion in
the little village. The prominence of
the murdered man, coupled with the fact
that the detective and Stevenson were
old friends, caused the New Yorker to
interest himself in the case at the latter’s
request.
  Fellows was a gentleman farmer—a
man worth several millions of dollars
made in Wall Street, who, tired of life
in the city, had purchased Samoset
Farm just at the edge of Amboy town-
ship and, after stocking it with the finest
blooded cattle and horses that money
could buy, had settled down to a life of
rustic bliss. As time passed he had
added to his acreage bv purchasing ad-
joining farms until half the township
was his.
  He had erected a mansion around
which he had built smaller homes for
his employes. These with the great
barns, sheds for the machinery, dairy
and offices made Samoset Farm almost
a small town.
  Such a man as Waldo Fellows set
down in the midst of a rural community
is bound to be sought out by his fellow-
men. Twice he had reluctantly allowed
himself to represent his district in the
State Legislature. The Governor’s chair
could have been his for the asking. His
fellow-townsmen loved him for the no-
bility of his character. Yet he had ene-
mies by the score—many of them the
small landowners whose farms sur-
91
92
The Brand of Cain
rounded his. For the man who does
things on a big scale is certain sooner
or later to tramp on the toes of others.
  But who among those he had offended
hated him to the extent of taking his
life?
II
  Fellows was murdered in bed, ap-
parently in cold blood, for there was
no evidence of a struggle of any kind.
Nothing in the room had been disturbed.
So far as could be ascertained nothing
of value had been taken. The fact that
the bedding was not mussed led to the
belief that the murderer had struck
while his victim was asleep.
  None of the servants nor Mrs.
Fellows—who slept just across the
hall—had heard any noise save when
Hitchens returned from the drug store
with the drug which Fellows had re-
quested. Mrs. Fellows had called over
the transom to Hitchens to ask what
was the matter and he had told her of
his employer’s sleeplessness.
  The bottle of bromide with a small
quantity gone was found on the table
beside the bed. Bromide seldom acts
inside of half to three-quarters of an
hour. Hence, assuming that Hitchens
had told the truth—and everything
pointed to his having done so—Fellows
must, if he was killed in his sleep, .have
met death not earlier than three o’clock.
  Yet the blood which had flowed from
the wound, the condition of the body—
everything—led a cool, conservative
medical man to declare that death had
struck at least three hours earlier. Nor
could his testimony be shaken.
  There were twelve servants who
slept in the house, all occupying the
upper floor, with the exception of
Hitchens, Marie, Mrs. Fellows' maid,
and Swenson; the valet.
  Watson, the butler and general man
about the house, was the last person to
bed and, according to his own state-
ment, the first up in the morning. He
had personally locked all the doors and
windows on the first floor. They were
all locked when he made his rounds in
the morning.
  Hitchens, in going to the drug store,
had left the house by the side door.
This he had left unlocked, relocking it
upon his return. This led to the as-
sumption on the part of some of the
officials that the murderer had entered
the place by that door during the secre-
tary’s absence, hiding until his return,
and after Fellows was asleep had struck
the fatal blow and escaped by the same
door, springing the lock after him.
  There was no other way of looking
at the matter unless one went on the
theory that the deed had been com-
mitted by one of the servants or Mrs.
Fellows. And the latter was unthink-
able, while the servants, all of them
had been in Fellows’ employ for years
and were known to be absolutely loyal.
  Of course the windows of the sleep-
ing rooms on the second floor were
open. A man of agility might have
gained an entrance in this way. But
luckily there had been a slight rainfall
earlier in the evening and, as a result,
the ground was in a condition to take
impressions easily. The coroner and
the sheriff made a thorough search for
marks of a ladder or footprints, but
were positive that there was none be-
neath any of the windows.
  And there was always to be con-
sidered the lack of motive. Aside from
the farmers who were jealous of the big
landowner there was no one known to
hold a grudge against him.
  My friend Dwyer declined to assist
the officials in their hunt for foot-
prints, contenting himself with dawdling
about the house as if greatly bored with
the whole affair. Conversant as I am
with his methods. I admit that this sur-
prised me, for he is usually energy
The Brand of Cain
93
personified when there is some perplex-
ing problem to be untangled. Eventu-
ally. however, the officials, nonplussed,
were forced to turn to him for advice.
He answered with a shrug of his
shoulders, absolutely refusing to be
drawn into a discussion of the case.
  Following the time-worn methods,
the sheriff called all of the servants to-
gether and examined them, eliciting no
more information than had already been
gained. It was at this point that Dwyer,
who had listened to the question-
ing without comment, offered a sugges-
tion :
  “There’s a band of gypsies camped
a few miles the other side of town,”
he remarked quietly. “Their chief is
old Father Lipki. a friend of mine. The
old fellow knows his business from the
ground up—fortune telling, mind read-
ing and all of that sort of stuff. In
fact, he's assisted me on more than one
occasion. 1 know that you'll laugh at
me for the suggestion, but let me bring
him here. I’ll guarantee that he’ll have
the murderer by the heels inside of
half an hour. How he does it I don’t
pretend to know. It’s positively un-
canny, the way he pulls off his stunts.
But if it's results you want, then Lipki
is your mail.”
  The sheriff sneered. Coroner Steven-
son, in spite of his friendship for the
detective, suppressed • a smile with
difficulty.
  “You don’t want us to think that
you believe in such rot, do you, Bram?”
he inquired.
  My friend shrugged his shoulders
again.
  “You asked for my opinion,” he
answered. “I’m giving it to you. I'll
take a chance on Father Lipki. In
fact, as-I have stated, 1 have many a
time. The man has powers beyond the
understanding of men like us. But
of course it’s up to you and the
sheriff.”
Ill
  Darkness had fallen when Dwyer
and the coroner again drove up to the
Fellows home accompanied by Father
Lipki, the gypsy.
  A typical member of his race was
Lipki, a wrinkled little figure far past
the age allotted to man. But in spite
of his years he carried himself like a
youth of twenty and his black, beady
eyes glittered like those of a boy as
he prepared the stage for the affair,
his huge brass earrings rattling like
castanets as he hurried here and
there.
  The spot selected by the corofier, upon
the advice of Dwyer, for the test of
Lipki’s powers was the huge living-
room on the lower floor. The servants
were ordered to carry out all of the
furniture with the exception of the
chairs, which were arranged along the
wall. Then every member of the house-
hold with the exception of the widow
was ordered to be present.
  The old man, mumbling to himself,
drew a large circle on the floor in the
center of the room with a piece of
charcoal, after which he commanded
us to seal ourselves just outside the
circular mark, warning us under penalty
of death not to enter the circle unless
commanded to do so by him.
  His next act was to produce a
brazier, which he lighted and placed in
the center of the circle. By its side he
placed a small vessel containing water.
  The lights were then turned out. For
an instant we were in darkness. Then
the brazier flamed up, filling the room
with an unearthly bluish-greenish sort
of glare. Chanting to himself, the old
man threw a pinch of powder into the
flames at intervals; the light would turn
for a second into a vivid red, then die
away again to the dull, sickly bluish-
green.
  Suddenly he seated himself cross-
94
The Brand of Cain
legged at the side of the brazier and
bowed his head. Closing his eyes as if
in prayer, he mumbled to himself in
an unintelligible jargon. I confess to a
feeling of nervousness; I could tell from
the expression on their faces that the
others were the same.
  The tension was becoming almost un-
bearable when the old man slowly raised
himself to a standing position and,
seizing the vessel of water, sprinkled it
on the floor inside the circle, being ex-
tremely careful that not a single drop
fell outside the mark.
  “I must protect you from the powers
of evil 1” he explained.
  Keeping carefully inside the mark, he
made the rounds, touching each of us
lightly on the forehead, making on
each of us the sign of the cross.
  “In the name of the Father, Son and
Holy Ghost!” I heard him mumble to
himself.
  Reseating himself on the floor, he
again bowed his head and once more
his lips moved as if in prayer. Sud-
denly he fell over and for several
minutes writhed about as if in terrific
pain. I leaped to my feet to assist him,
but the strong hand of Bram Dwyer
held me back.
  “Remember!” he shouted. “The old
man commanded us, regardless of what
happened, not to cross the line 1”
  After three or four minutes the
spasms ceased and the gypsy seem-
ingly none the worse for his experience
arose and addressed us:
  “My friends,” he commenced in his
halting, broken English, “you have
asked me here to use my arts in the de-
tection of one who has committed a
crime—the crime of murder. I have
done my best. Inside this circle have
I	wrestled with the powers of darkness
and the spirits of light. I know not
which one of you committed this foul
deed. No one knows save God.
  “Yet He who created all things will
not allow the crime of murder to pass
unnoticed. Therefore I say unto you
this:
  “If he who committed this crime is
in this room there will appear upon
his forehead the sign of the cross—
the mark that God placed upon Cain!
  “This alone can I do More than
that I am not allowed, for my powers
are limited.”
  He signaled for Dwyer to turn on
the lights. An instant later we were
blinking at the unaccustomed bright-
ness. The old man seized the brazier
and held it close to the face of each of
us, gazing into our eyes as if seeking
to read there the secret he was bent
upon obtaining.
 Then came a shriek! A gasp of
astonishment—of horror! A cry! I
turned my head, my eyes following the
gaze of the others.
  Upon the forehead of Hitchens was
the sign of the cross!
  For a second there was silence—cold,
oppressive silence. The secretary gazed
from one to another of us mutely,
questioningly. Then his eyes sought the
mirror above the fireplace. Afterward
1	recalled that Dwyer had seated him
in front of the glass. His face became
drawn. The sweat stood out on his
forehead in great beads.
  Slowly, as if stunned, his fingers
sought the accursed mark upon his fore-
head. He spat upon his hand and
rubbed the spittle across the spot as if
to erase it. He held the tips of his
fingers in front of his eyes, surveying
them thoughtfully, dazed.
  Then, without warning, he dropped
to his knees, his arms outstretched
towards the swarthy man within the
circle.
  “I did it! I did it!" he shrieked.
IV
  “No, I never met Lipki until yes-
terday,” Dwyer chuckled to us as, two
hours later, Hitchens safely lodged in
The Brand of Cain
95
jail, he sat with the coroner, the sheriff
and myself in the former’s parlor and
'went over the various phases of the
case.
   “I’m a fairly good judge of charac-
ter and when I noticed him begging on
Main Street yesterday I immediately
placed the old fellow as being far above
the average of his class mentally and
capable of playing almost any part he
might be called upon to take. I realized
far better than the rest of you that the
murderer was too clever to be captured
unless some subterfuge was used and
when you appealed to me, Stevenson,
my thoughts reverted at once to the old
man. A falsehood or two in the
interests of justice is, in my opinion,
perfectly allowable. And that I was
correct in my estimate is proved by
what happened.
  “What appealed to me from the very
start was the apparent lack of motive.
Had we been able to supply a motive
we might have been able to have laid
our hands on the man who struck the
blow. But in the absence of one, it
became necessary to take some radical
step. To imagine that one of the
farmers hereabouts would become
jealous enough to strike Fellows down
was absurd. And. granting that some
of them might have the nerve, they
lacked the imagination to pull off so
mysterious a crime.
  “I was confident in my own mind
that Hitchens was the guilty part}-.
Why? Because he was the only man
who had an opportunity to kill Fellows.
But, on the other hand, his frank state-
ments apparently eliminated him from
the suspects.
   “Let us analyze the affair a trifle
deeper: Doctor Andrew’s swears that
Fellows was killed shortly after mid-
night. We now know that he was cor-
rect. But Hitchens bobs up with the
story of being in conversation with the
murdered man at two o’clock. He was
able to prove his statements Nby two
reputable and disinterested witnesses—
Landes, the chauffeur, and Phelps, the
drug clerk. Therefore my conclusion
was that either Hitchens was lying or
that the physician was. wrong. But my
experience has taught me that medical
men are, as a general rule, cold-blooded
—that is, they figure things out with
mathematical accuracy and. by the law
of averages, they are right ninety-nine
times out of a hundred. Therefore
Hitchens was lying. But so far as we
knew there was no motive.
  “Now, the average man has deep
within him a streak of superstition and
a fear of whatever he does not under-
stand. Therefore I took the indolent
attitude before the servants, finally
working things up to a climax so that
they expected wonderful things from
the gypsy whom I had touted so
highly. As soon as you gave your per-
mission I hunted up the old man, whose
name, by the way, is not Lipki, but
Rodereigo. For ten dollars he agreed
to play the part the way I told him
to—and that he sustained my estimate
of him I believe you will all agree. I
spent the afternoon in coaching him.
  “I felt that, in case Hitchens did not
confess, we would have lost nothing.
But I was betting on the superstitious
streak in his makeup and won out.
  “We all know now what his motive
was. He had been systematically rob-
bing his employer for years. Fellows
had become suspicious and last night
notified the secretary that they would
go over the books together today.
Hitchens waited until his employer was
sleeping, then entered the room by
means of a key that he had secured
possession of, struck the fatal blow,
then went through the mummery of go-
ing to the village after the bromide,
thus providing himself with an almost
perfect alibi. With Fellows dead, he
figured that, as confidential man, he
a .
96
The Brand of Cain
would be retained for a year or two to
come, finally reaching a point where
he could get his hands on a large sum
of money and make his escape before
bis defalcations were discovered.”
"But,” rumbled the sheriff, "I’m still
in the dark as to how the gypsy caused
that black cross to appear 011 his fore-
head just by mumbling a few prayers.
Those people know a lot of black art
that we more civilized people will never
be able to understand.”
 Dwyer grinned. "I furnished the
‘black art’ myself,” he answered. ‘‘It
cost me ten cents at the drug store.
The old man made the cross on
Hitchens’ forehead first, if you will re-
call the affair. He had just dipped his
hand into the vessel of what looked
like water. He only pretended to dip
his hand into it when he annointed the
rest of you. The heat of the brazier
brought out the mark—or started it—
when he held it up and pretended to
peer into your faces.
  "What was it? Merely a ten per-
cent solution of ammonium chloride—
the same stuff from which invisible ink
is made. The old man’s skin being
dark, it didn’t come, out on his hand
as it did on Hitchens’ forehead. And
that’s the whole story.”
A Track-and-a-Half
          By Walter Deffenbaugh
I
BENEATH the library window of
the millionaire, Garret Garrison,
the footprints of a burglar showed
plainly in the flowerbed that
ran alongside the house. The bright
sun following a rainy night had retained
them perfectly and the two detectives
breathed together in a sigh of satisfac-
tion as they saw there a vitally distin-
guishing mark.
  The toe of each sole had been newly
repaired with a patch. Here undoubt-
edly one of the thieves who had com-
mitted the $15,OCX) jewel robbery the
night before had left a trace that
would simplify their work and send
him to prison. In these tracks he had
undoubtedly stood while he operated
the jimmy whose marks showed on the
casing above.
  A little outside, but still within the
flowerbed, were the marks of his heels
where he had landed as he leaped back
into the yard after his fight with the
butler. Here the heels were deeply
indented, but the prints of the
same repaired toes were again in evi-
dence. In the damp soil the marks
of the burglar’s feet were plain, show-
ing where he had entered the grounds
through the hedge and crashed out
again.
  Detective Sergeant Harrison was
showing his associate, Harbin, over the
ground for the first time. Harbin had
been working on another angle of the
case.
  "Now look up here, Harbin.” he said
and led the way to the soil under the
adjoining window of the Garrison
  B. M.—Apr.—7
drawing-room. "Here’s where the other
guy jumped out.”
  Sure enough, there were the prints of
another pair of heels and the marks of
a running man’s footprints across the
lawn to the same break in the hedge.
But on these prints there was no such
distinguishing mark as upon the others.
The shoes that made these might have
belonged to any one of a million men
in the big city.
  For perhaps twenty minutes the two
detectives paced in silence up and down
the lawn alongside the house. Twice,
with the aid of stepladders, they in-
spected every window within reach
from the ground. Outside the house,
they were satisfied, there was not an-
other trace of the thieves who had
broken in and stolen a pearl necklace
worth $10,000 and other trinkets worth
$5,000 more. They must be content to
rest their case upon these marks in the
dirt and the story of the butler who had
surprised one of the marauders in the
hallway of the mansion.
  At the end of this time Harbin, the
senior of the two Headquarters men,
stopped in his tracks and scratched his
head vigorously.
  “Tom,” he ventured at last, “do you
see anything wrong with these feet
tracks ?”
  "Hell, yes,” replied Harrison. "Have
you just tumbled? They show plain
enough where scuffle-toes came in and
went out and they show where the other
fellow came out, but they don’t show
this other gink coming in at all. That’s
been botherin’ me for an hour.”
Harrison, who had been on the case
since it was first reported, had already
97
98
A Track-and-a-Half
" interviewed the members of the house-
 hold but since Harbin had reported to
 assist him they could see nothing to do
 but start again from the inside.
    The robbery, it was again explained
 to them, had occurred about one o'clock
 in the morning. The Garrison home
 was supposed to be untenanted except
 by the butler and two women servants
 who slept on the top floor, the family
 having been called away by die death of
 a relative. Their departure had been
 announced in the newspapers the day
 before. It seemed, however, that the
 daughter, about twenty years of age,
 had decided at the last moment to re-
 main behind and was also in the house
 at the time of the robbery.
   Schmidt, the butler, and the other
 servants had been with the family for
 years and were, by all standards, be-
 yond suspicion. He had not heard the
 robbers enter but had been aroused by
 the noise when the strong box in Mrs.
 Garrison’s room—just below his—had
 been forced open and had dashed down,
 half-clad, to investigate.
    In the hallway he had encountered a
 masked man in cap and overcoat and
 grappled with him. In the struggle the
 burglar had slipped out of the overcoat
 and leaped down the front stairs, firing
 two shots that missed but halted the
 servant. Schmidt had paused for slip-
 pers and then given chase by way of the
 front door. By the time he reached the
 street there was the noise of a starting
 motor car around the corner, hidden by
 the tall hedge, and he saw nothing but a
 blur of tail-lights.
   At daybreak the police had found a
 revolver in the gutter three blocks down
 the street and an hour or so later an
 abandoned automobile was reported a
 mile away. In this was a plaid cap
 that the butler identified as the one
 worn by the burglar with whom he had
 struggled.
    In addition to these tangible clues,
the detectives had valuable evidence
also in the shape of the overcoat the
burglar had left in the butler’s hands.
It was particularly valuable, since it
bore the maker’s name. But there was
something strange about all this silent
evidence that had been left behind—
the coat particularly.
  It was an unheard-of thing for a
burglar to wear to work such a fashion-
able and distinctive garment, so easily
traced. The cap that had been found
was a gaudy affair that would attract
attention even in a big city. The pistol
still bore its factory number. It had
been scratched in an effort at efface-
ment, but apparently the job had been
given up as not worth while. As for
the shoes with the cobbled soles, it
seemed indeed remarkable that a crook
would trust himself in a pair leaving so
unmistakable an imprint wherever he
walked.
  With such material to work with, the
detectives assigned to the job considered
that they had accomplished only an
average half-day’s work when they an-
nounced at noon that they had solved
the mystery of the Garrison robbery.
  The coat had been speedily identified.
The name the purchaser had given the
tailor was not known to the police but
his description was and the maker had
instantly recognized his Rogue’s Gallery
picture. The third of the police stool-
pigeons consulted gave the name of the
owner of the plaid cap—a known crony
of the owner of the coat, and a man
who had often driven the abandoned
automobile. The tracing of the revolver
and the shoes would take a little time,
but if they did not belong to the same,
two men, the police felt certain at least
that they could name two of their
friends to whom they did.
  The greatest mystery was why such
men as these should leave such a trail.
The two men positively identified were
two of lhe best known burglars in the
A Track-and-a-Half
99
country but had never before been
known to work in New York City. It
was their home—their playground. Al-
most any night they could be found in
Eichom’s restaurant with their friends.
In fact, Harbin had seen them there the
night before.
  It was incomprehensible, yet there
was the evidence. And so, at noon, the
police alarm went out to bring in Dave
Bamfield, Red Doran, Billy Evans and
Jim Anthony.
II
  Harbin, more methodical than the
other detectives—perhaps a trifle more
intelligent—went over the evidence like
a schoolmaster as four police officers
sat down to lunch in Eichorn’s, where
he had seen two of the wanted men the
night before, apparently just before the
robbery. Bamfield and Doran had been
seated at the marble-topped table in the
corner with June Jennings, Evans’s girl.
As the detective noted that Billy Evans
was missing, he recalled the gossip he
had heard that the coming of the pretty
blonde girl into the society of the gang
was threatening to disrupt it.
  His attention had been attracted to
the gang by meeting, just outside, Frog
Fagin, looking as though he had failed
in his nightly effort to sponge a meal
from the prosperous crooks and slink-
ing away to quarters more within his
measly means. Just beyond he had seen
Evans hurrying toward the restaurant
with determined stride and protruding
jaw. He had been half tempted to wait
to see a grand row over June Jennings
but his bed had called loudly and he had
gone home.
  Now it seemed that while he slept
these acquaintances of his had been, not
fighting, but hard at work. The picture
identified as that of the purchaser of the
overcoat was that of Bamfield. The
cap had been definitely placed as one
used by Doran for motoring—indeed,
had his initials scratched on the inside
of the sweatband in small letters. Thus
two of the men were fixed to a cer-
tainty. It was considered almost certain
that a third man had acted as lookout
and also that a fourth had remained at
the wheel of the automobile. What two
men would Doran and Bamfield most
likely have with them on such an enter-
prise? They associated habitually with
Anthony and Evans. The deduction
seemed clear as gin and the finding was
so entered and confirmed by the Old
Man himself.
  The capture of the four was ridicu-
lously easy. Jim Anthony was found
in what his wife violently insisted was
a sick-bed and she was not a whit pla-
cated at the grinning assurance of the
officers that the prison physician would
give her husband the best of care, with-
out cost. Doran was nabbed as he came
to Eichorn’s for a belated breakfast.
Bamfield was arrested at the hotel where
he always stopped when in town, and
Evans was found drunk, with a bottle
beside him, in the furnished room he
had lately occupied with June Jennings.
The girl was nowhere to be found.
Probably that was the reason for the
bottle.
  To say that the men denied their
guilt is putting it far too mildly. They
were profanely vociferous about it—
almost in tears at the injustice of the
accusation. A strange feature of their
behavior, though, was that as they sat in
the same room for a time at Headquar-
ters. three of them each shot searching
looks, as though of puzzled inquiry, at
Jim Anthony. That cracksman, however,
seemed to have troubles of his own. He
was either a most excellent actor or
really had a severe cold in the chest.
  It wasn’t necessary to take their
finger prints. These were already on
record. To attempt a third degree with
such veterans would have been a waste
100
A Track-and-a-Half
of time. The police listened with
amused grins to the strenuous denials
and calmly locked up the quartet in
separate cells to await arraignment on
what seemed to all a clear case.
Ill
  Returning toward Headquarters on
a street car, Harbin and Harrison heard
an excited hail from the opposite track
and recognized Detective Kelso as he
swung to the pavement and joined them
on the sidewalk.
  “They’ve traced the gun,” he an-
nounced hurriedly. “It’s Bill Evans’s.
June Jennings bought, it across the
river a month ago. She’s been packin’
it for him. That's what they've got her
for—gun moll, sabe? Come on and
we’ll get her.”
  “Where? Get her where?” demanded
Harbin of Kelso, who was already
hailing another car.
  “Bill Evans’s room,” spluttered Kel-
so. “Just got a flash she was seen
going into the house. Hurry up”; and
the three clambered aboard to continue
Kelso’s journey.
  Kelso had been there before and
knew the place. Running noiselessly
up the stairs of the rooming house, the
three hurled themselves at the door and
burst it in at the second shove to con-
front an astounded young woman who
grabbed frantically at her throat. Harri-
son seized her wrist and, forcing open
her clenched fingers, disclosed a dia-
mond brooch she had torn from her
waist. Twelve diamonds, set in plati-
num, it fitted to a T the description of
one article of the Garrison loot.
  “Great Gosh, this is the plant!”
ejaculated Kelso hoarsely. “Search the
dump. The other stuff’s here, surer
than hell."
  While Harrison clung to June Jen-
nings the other two swiftly and thor-
oughly searched the room. Almost at
once Harbin chuckled in added delight.
In a tin of smoking tobacco his fingers
encountered something hard and drew
forth another one of the Garrison
jewels—a ruby-and-diamond ring. But
Kelso found nothing and the three
turned again to the flame-faced girl.
  “Where’s the rest of the stuff?” they
demanded. “Where’s the pearl neck-
lace? Where did you get that brooch?
Where’s the plant?”
  “Leggo my arm,” was the defiant
reply. “Howdje get that way? That
brooch was given to me by a friend of
mine. If it was stolen, I didn't know
it. Prove it was, if you can, and take
it. I was wearing it, wasn’t I? You
can’t do nothing to me for taking pres-
ents from a friend.”
  “Who gave it to you?” demanded
Kelso. “Bill Evans gave it to you.”
“That skunk? Why he wouldn't—”
the girl began, then stopped and
changed her tone. “Perhaps he did and
perhaps he didn't,” she concluded.
  "When did you see Bill last?” asked
Harbin quietly.
* “Not since—” Again the girl stopped
her reply—“this morning.”
  “Where’s the necklace?” demanded
Harrison with a shake of her arm.
  “He hasn’t given me that—yet.” the
girl replied and laughed in the detec-
tive’s face.
  With a snort of anger Kelso sud-
denly dashed across the single cheaply
furnished room and seized the knob of
a door in the comer. A bare closet
was revealed as he flung it open, but
fastened to the wall and reaching to a
skylight was a narrow ladder, placed
there to conform to the fire laws. A
scraping noise caused him to look up
just in time to see vanishing through a
door in the glass one trousered leg
that undoubtedly belonged to a man
who had lingered perilously long to hear
what was going on after the detectives
burst into Bill Evans’s room.
A Track-and-a-Half
101
 “Evans, by -he shouted and
fired a futile shot through the opening.
  Harbin, waiting for no explanations,
dashed for the street, but Harrison kept
his head and held to the girl.
  “Don’t be a fool, Kelso,” he ordered.
"Evans hasn’t been sprung this quick.
It’s some other guy in the gang. Get
up there after him.”
  Whoever it was apparently knew the
block better than the detectives, because
they did not find him on the roof or in
the streets roundabout. From the girl
they could get nothing but malicious
chuckles, and after a half hour spent
in tearing the room to pieces, despite
the angry protests of the landlady, the
three summoned a patrol wagon and
locked up June Jennings in a cell at
Headquarters.
  Disgruntled as they were, they had at
least one satisfaction. They had traced
two pieces of the loot to Bill Evans’s
room.
  As for the revolver, June Jennings
readily admitted purchasing it, when
confronted with the dealer.
  “Sure, I bought it,” she says. “Bought
it for protection against guys that grab
a girl’s presents of jewelry. You didn’t
find it on me, did you? Is there a law
against buying a gun in another state ?”
IV
  Somewhat shamefacedly, the three
detectives glared at one another after
this job was over. Apparently even
though they had easily rounded up the
men in the case, they still had the women
to contend with.
  “You know, boys, Jim Anthony’s
Nell has got a pretty rasty temper,” said
Kelso, by way of contributing to the
general gloom.
  "Yes,” said Harrison, “and then
there’s that Miss Garrison. She ain’t
telling a story that’s any straighter than
a hound’s hind leg.”
  "What do you mean?” said Harbin.
  “Why, she told me three different
stories in as many minutes this mornng
about where she was when the robbery
was pulled."
  “Excitement—reaction from excite-
ment,’’ explained Harbin in his best
manner.
  “Excitement my eye,” came the dis-
couraging answer. “There’s a pair of
men’s rubbers in the hall with last
night’s mud on them that won’t fit
Schmidt and won’t fit Old Man Gar-
rison either. I suppose excitement put
them there. No visitors at the house,
they say. Now what do you make of
that?” '
  To avoid a direct reply, Harbin
turned to Kelso. “What’s Nell An-
thony up to ?” he demanded.
  “Well, you know, I went out to trace
those cobbled shoes,” Kelso explained.
"I did, all right. They're Jimmy An-
thony’s. No doubt about it. That’s
admitted. Didn’t have time to tell you
before. But guess where I found ’em.”
  Neither Ilarbin nor Harrison was in
a mood to try.
  “I found them in the cobbler’s shop
where Anthony left them a week ago.
But they’ve got mud on the new soles
and it’s the same mud that’s in Garri-
son’s flowerbeds. Now, how the hell
and why the hell did they get back
there ?
  "More than that, Jim’s wife and all
the neighbors will swear on the original
text of the Bible that Jim was in bed all
night. And besides that Mrs. Jim has
gone out on the trail herself and offered
to bet me her savings bank account that
we’re dead wrong on the whole propo-
sition. Now, what do you make of
that?”
  They did not have much time to
speculate over what to make of it, as
they journeyed down to Headquarters.
  Pacing up and down in front of the
building they found Jim Anthony’s
102
A Track-and-a-Half
wife, angry, sarcastic and- t-riumphant in
one mingled mood.
  Refusing them even time to go inside
and report, she dragged the three be-
wildered detectives six blocks up the
street and halted them in front of
the cobbler’s shop at which Kelso
had located Jim Anthony's wandering
shoes.
  “I know you’ve been in there and got
Jim’s shoes,” she announced dramati-
cally. “That’s good and proper. But
are you going to tell the truth about
what the old shoe man says?"
  “Yes, lady,” responded Kelso,
meekly.
  “Well, then, come with me and see
that you remember the rest of this
straight, you bum Sherlocks.” And the
indignant wife of one of the best bur-
glars in the world led the unresisting
forces of Law and Order around the
corner and through a tiny door in a
huge billboard which shut off a vacant
lot.
  Inside were half a dozen rusting
wagons and a couple of disintegrating
Fords, ranged arohnd the outskirts of
the lot. The main part of it was open
to the sun and the mud created by the
Spring rain of the night before was
plainly undisturbed, save for the prints
of three pairs of shoes.
  One set had been made by a woman
and into the first of these prints Nell
Anthony set her foot, which fitted per-
fectly.
  “You see that?” she questioned. “I
made that this afternoon looking for
what I'm going to show you. These are
my tracks. Look at the others."
  With a gasp the dectectives read the
signs in the baked mud—four sets of
tracks of a man’s feet—one plain set
going toward the rear of the cobbler's
shop—one with the patch returning—
another, with the patch, going toward
the shop and, in places, superimposed
on the first—and then a set of plain
tracks returning to the little door to the
street.
  Never waiting for a comment, Nell
Anthony’s gesture led them across the
lot to the rear of the cobbler’s shanty
facing on the other street. Before the
window in the rear she paused and
pointed at the casing. She did not need
to explain it to these trained eyes. Along
the middle of the sash, just under the
catch, the paint had been scraped away
by the blade of a knife, inserted to open
the window. A plain, neat and simple
job of housebreaking was revealed as
clearly as if -all had seen it.
  “Now, then,” Nell Anthony de-
manded, triumphantly, “who did that?
Who stole my Jim’s shoes and put them
back again after pulling off a job? Who
tried to slough my man and him not out
of his bed in a week, as all the neighbors
will swear to? Answer me that, you
dicks.”
  There was a silence in the vacant lot
—silence as disconsolate as the dis-
mantled Fords. Finally Harrison ven-
tured to break it.
  “Mrs. Anthony," he said, “admitting
that Jim wasn’t in on this deal, have
you any idea who did pull it?”
 “Huh,” she answered. “Have I
now? I’m Jim Anthony’s wife and he’d
rather see me his widow, much as he
loves me and I love him, before he’d see
me squeal to a copper. Go ask June
Jennings.”
  The last sentence was spoken with so
much bitterness that the three men
started.
  “We—we have asked her, ma’am,”
said Kelso, finally. With a laugh, Nell
Anthony had started for the gate, but
she flung a reply back over her shoulder.
  “Well, ask her again,” she said. “She
was boasting all over the neighborhood
this morning that she was going to wear
real jewelry. Go ask her, the hussy. I
shouldn’t say this much, but she tried
to cop my Jim, because anybody can see
A Track-and-a-Half
103
he’s the best man in the mob. Ask her.
She knows the man who pulled the job.”
  Striding hastily forward, Harbin put
his hand on the woman’s shoulder.
  “You said ‘the man,' Mrs. Anthony,”
he reminded. “Do you mean that it was
an inside job?”
  "Inside is right,” was the cryptic an-
swer ; and with a defiant smile she
stooped and vanished through the little
gate, leaving the three detectives to stare
in contemplation at the dissolving ve-
hicles and the structure of their solution
of the mystery.
V
  “Inside job!” echoe.d Harrison.
"That’s what I told you, Harbin. Re-
member the girl—and the overshoes?
Remember those one-way tracks up
there ?”
  Harbin did remember all of these
things. In the last few minutes he had
not been able to remember anything else.
Previously he had thought a man's foot-
prints as open as his soul was closed,
but up there in Garrison’s garden and
here in this sordid lot were sets of them
that did not track at all straight with
honesty and square dealing. Impatiently,
he beckoned his companions and with-
out waiting for a street-car they
hailed a taxi and sped to the Garrison
home.
  Garret Garrison and his wife had re-
turned from their sad errand and the
banker himself received them. This
made it a little easier for the detectives,
who were able to state their suspicions
bluntly to a man not inclined to hys-
terics and used to dealing with the
police.
  The result was rather shattering to
the structure of evidence the detectives
had built up—if that tottering edifice
could longer be called a structure—but
they stood it like men and pressed on to
their new conclusions.
  Confronted by facts and suspicions in
the presence of her father, Miss Garri-
son made a frank confession—under
pledge of secrecy, of course. It seems
that she had practised a little deceit.
Having a horror of funerals, she had
played a double game—avoided the ob-
sequies of her aunt on the plea of
sudden illness and also kept a perfectly
proper sub rosa engagement with a
young man who lived around the comer.
The two had attended a theatre and
afterward were chatting in the draw-
ing-room, under a rather dim light,
when alarmed by the noise in the upper
hallway and the escape of a man
through the library window.
  Quick-witted, like her father, Miss
Garrison had instantly realized the em-
barrassment which would be caused all
around by the disclosure of her decep-
tion and had practically pushed young
Tom Chalmers out of the drawing-room
window. She had thrown his hat, coat
and stick after him but had forgotten
his rubbers. And like the faithful ser-
vitor he was, Chalmers had crashed
through the hedge and faded out of the
picture until betrayed by his one-way
footprints.
  "Do you mean to say, Miss Garrison,”
Harbin asked, “that there was only one
burglar in the house?”
  "Only one.” she answered, steadily
now, with her father’s hand in hers. "I
saw him distinctly as he swung around
the newel post and darted into the
library.”
  "Dave Bamfield,” whispered Kelso.
“We’ve got his overcoat.”
  "He had on a bright plaid cap,” went
on Miss Garrison.
  “Red Doran,” muttered Harrison.
"We’ve got the cap.”
  At this moment the telephone bell in
the library rang and Garrison went to
answer it.
  “Detective Jacobs of Headquarters
wishes to talk with one of you gentle-
104
A Track-and-a-Half
men,” he announced a minute later, and
Harbin went to the phone.
  “Say, Harbin,” said Jacobs, “the Old
Man says to go slow. There’s something
damn queer about this Garrison case.”
  “You said something,” replied Har-
bin, “but what now ?”
  “Well, Bamfield and Doran have got
a lawyer and sent him over to Eichorn’s
restaurant to get their overcoats.”
  “Their what?” shouted Harbin.
  "Their overcoats. They say they left
them there night before last when they
left in a hurry. Doran’s coat is there
but Bamfield’s is missing and Doran’s
cap—the one he uses when he’s auto-
riding and carries folded up in a pocket
is gone out of his coat. The waiters
remember that they had ’em when they
came in and left without ’em. They
thought they would be back in a few
minutes and didn’t say anything about
it.”
  “Holy mackerel!” said Harbin and
hung up the phone without a reply'.
  When he returned to the drawing-
room Miss Garrison was still describ-
ing the burglar. He arrived just in time
to catch a thread of it.
  Harbin fdrgot his manners, his sur-
roundings and everything'else as, with
a bellowed “Come on, you!” he leaped
for the front door.
 “Do you know who did it ?” de-
manded the slow thinking Kelso on the
way downtown.
 “Yes,” barked Harbin, “a sneak
thief.”
  “Sneak, nothing,” interrupted Harri-
son. “We’ve got one burglar left any-
way.”
  “Yes,” admitted Harbin, “one—such
as he is—a dirty sneak—the man who
stole Bamfield’s overcoat and Doran’s
cap out of Eichorn’s and left them be-
hind him for a plant. The man who
stole Jim Anthony’s shoes to track him
into the pen. The man who used Evans's
gun and Doran's car for the same
reason. What I don’t know is where he
got his nerve and his idea.”
  “Nell said to ask June Jennings,” re-
minded Kelso.
  It was rather a bitter pill, but Harri-
son and Kelso went to the woman’s
prison for the girl while Harbin con-
tinued downtown. He asked them to
wait until he returned to Headquarters
and to have the Old Man himself there.
Two hours later the mystery of the
Garrison jewel robbery with its wanton
clues and its track-and-a-half footprints
was definitely cleared up.
  Harbin entered the room where June
Jennings was defiantly awaiting de-
velopments, swinging in his hand a
string of glistening, rose-tinted -pearls.
At sight of them the girl gasped, then
flung her cigarette into a cuspidor, curs-
ing the world in general.
  “Well, young lady,” said the Captain,
“it's all off, you see.”
  “Yes,” she answered, drearily. “I
might have known the dirty sneak
wouldn’t have the nerve to go through
with it. If he'd given me the beads this
afternoon I'd be on easy street. Now
the whole works is off. I'm through.”
“Any use holding those boys we
have got locked up?” inquired the cap-
tain. •
  “Not a bit.’ replied June Jennnings.
“They were just a stall for a good get-
away. You fell for that fine. Who put
you wise?”
  "Oh, a couple of women—Nell An-
thony for one,” answered Harbin.
  “I might have known that. She
thought I was playing for Jim, but I
was just sore at the whole gang—afraid
to work in New York. Bah! Jim
planned the job but didn’t have nerve
enough to tackle it. He laid out the
whole thing to show how easv it was.
Last night was the night for it Inn they
wouldn’t budge, and so when Bill came
into Eichorn’s and acted nasty, just
after they’d kicked out the Frog—”
A Track-and-a*Half
105
  “The Frog," shouted Harrison and
Kelso.
  “Yes. the Frog.” the girl repeated. “I
chased after him. gave him the dope and
Bill's gat and drove him out there in
Red's car. I guess that’s all."
  "Yes,” said the Captain, touching a
bell. "I guess that is all.”
 The door opened and a uniformed
officer led in the slinking form of Frog
Fagin, outcast even of crooks, who had
had his big chance and failed as usual.
  The telephone bell rang and Harbin
answered it. It was a woman’s voice.
  “Have you asked June Jennings yet?”
it queried tauntingly.
The Too-Easy Alibi
            By George Briggs
I
AT fifteen minutes past ten,
“Little Joe” raised the window
of his room and stepped out onto
the fire-escape. He was short,
squat, with an oblong head, and a thick
growth of jet black hair grew vigorously
above his low forehead. His jaws were
heavy and distinct, and his mouth was
fixed in a habitual sneer.
  He moved casually up the fire-escape,
ascending with apparent unconcern.
Little Joe was muscular, thick-set; an
ape-like animal.
  Earlier in the morning Joe had tried
to borrow five dollars from Pug, but-
had been refused. Even though Pug
had made two hundred dollars the day
before, he declined to make a loan to
Joe.
  And Joe had a “sure thing” on the
third race at Belmont. By investing
five he would win sixty. Often before
Pug had staked him. This morning,
however, Pug had been surly and
vicious. Too much bootleg. Pug dealt
in illicit liquors, and sometimes he
sampled his own stock.
  Through the open window of Pug’s
room, Joe saw the stingy financier
asleep in bed. Pug had removed his
coat, vest and shoes before retiring the
night before, though he had neglected
to completely disrobe. A short nose
and a huge lower jaw had given Pug
his name. He was an unlovely object
as he slept. His mouth was open; his
forehead was wrinkled as he tried to
keep the morning light from his eyes;
he breathed heavily.
106
  The gruff rumble of traffic wavered
and growled in the air. An elevated
crashed by a block away. In this mean,
crowded section of the city, men lived
and died in sordid, half-crumbling
buildings.
  No one had noticed Joe as he climbed
the fire-escape. If they had seen him,
they would not have remembered the
fact. People were too busy in the un-
ending struggle to keep alive to bother
with gossip, or remembering the move-
ments of their neighbors.
  Joe crept softly into the room. He
must not awaken Pug, for then there
would be an argument, and possibly a
fight. Joe did not fear a tussle; battles
were an everyday occurrence. A well-
used black-jack reposed in Joe’s hip-
pocket. It had seen experience, and
possibly it would see more.
  To the left of the window in Pug’s
room was a small table. Joe was seized
with a humorous idea. He drew a stub
pencil from his pocket, and looked
about for paper. A newspaper slumped
upon the floor. With laborious fingers,
Joe wrote on the edge of a page,
“I O U 5 Little Joe.” He had gained
the sobriquet in a crap game, and it was
used by everyone.
  As Joe tore the words from the mar-
gin of the newspaper, Pug stirred un-
easily. Joe halted, and kept still. Ap-
parently, he had suddenly been turned
to stone. Not a muscle moved; he held
his breath; he was rigid.
  And then the even breathing began
again on the bed. Joe relaxed, and
moved toward the sleeping man. He
paused and glanced once, swiftly, at the
  recumbent bootlegger, but Pug made no
  sound or movement.
    A truck ploughed down the street
  outside, clattering and bumping, and the
  air hummed with the muffled roar of
  the ponderously alive city.
    In the small cell-like room a small,
  squat man thrust his hand cautiously
  beneath the bed-pillow. Mis careful,
  sensitive fingers touched the cold steel
  of a stiletto. Joe stopped, chilled by the
  knife’s keen edge. This was not what
  he sought. Pug’s money was some-
  where near his stiletto, though.
    Pug sighed, and again Joe grew tense.
  If Pug awoke, he would be in a mur-
  derous humor. Joe’s intrusion would
  not be misunderstood. For Pug would
  be positive that Joe had come to rob
  him. Which was correct.
    Joe’s stubby fingers fumbled with the
  end of the pillow-case and then searched
  within it for the bootlegger’s banknotes.
  Joe dared not look at Pug, for a steady
  stare will arouse a sleeping person.
  v And then, a vise closed upon Joe’s wind-
  pipe and began to squeeze. His head
  was forced back by the pressure of a
  huge, hairy arm. An instant later
  Pug’s other hand increased the pressure
  upon Joe’s neck.
II
   From the moment Joe had entered
 the room. Pug had been awake. His
 sleep had been interrupted twice before
 during the morning. Once when Joe
 had requested a loan, and later when
 someone else knocked upon Pug’s door.
    Pug had awakened the first thne with
  his temper ragged. He had swallowed
  a large quantity of whiskey the night
  before while celebrating a lucky escape
  from revenue officers. So, when Joe
  came in and tried to borrow five dollars.
  Pug, had been angry. It was damnable
  that a man whose throat was caked with
  concrete, whose eyes were pin-points of
pain, should be awakened for such a
reason. Pug had a grouch, Joe was
the first man he had seen; therefore,
Joe’s request was declined violently.
  Rebuffed, and equally angry, Joe had
departed, and Pug went back to bed.
But the bootlegger could not resume his
interrupted slumbers. His tongue tasted
unpleasantly, and his forehead was hot
and dry. For several moments he
tossed uneasily, and then someone else
had knocked on the door.
  This time Pug answered by locking
the door. The person on the outside
announced he wished to enter. Pug told
him to go away, whoever he was, and
suggested a destination. And, notwith-
standing their repeated knockings, he
had not opened the door.
  When Joe had entered from the fire-
escape, Pug had been almost asleep.
But the tearing of the newspaper had
roused him, though he had concealed
the fact that he was awake.
  And, when Joe had neared his money,
Pug had been moved to action. lie
opened his eyes and grasped Joe at the
same second. A second later Joe leaped
backward, dragging Pug from the bed.
  Joe snarled, and a wordless oath
rasped from between his yellow teeth.
He knew that he had been tricked; that
Pug had not been caught unaware.
  Pujj sprawled upon the floor; his grip
upon Joe’s neck had been broken. But
he did not remain recumbent. Flash-
ing upward, Pug uttered a cry of rage
and surged forward.
  The small uncarpeted room held few
articles of furniture. A small table
was perched near the window that
looked upon the fire-escape. There was
an unpainted, wooden chair tilted
underneath the knob of the door. The
bed occupied one side of the room.
  Though it lacked furniture, the room
held sounds and actions. Snarling and
swearing, their arms going like piston
rods, their fists crashing brutally upon
108
The Too-Easy Alibi
flesh, their bodies bent and tense, the
two men gave and took punishment.
  Pug was the taller, his arms were
longer, and his .lists cruelly battered his
opponent’s body. Then Joe dashed into
close quarters, ins arms short and crush-
ing, his squat body aflame with hate.
  He was met by a man whose friend-
ship had been violated, whose mood was
a mixture of fury and rage. Pug was
wiry; huge hands dangled at the ends
of his nervously strong arms; he was
viciously ferocious. His fingers sank
deep into the short, round neck of the
man who had come to rob him.
  As they fought, words flowed in a
horrible stream from their lips. The
argot of the underworld and the fright-
fully meaningless phrases of their
ordinary conversation shot in fierce
fragments from them. A moment be-
fore, the room had been silent save
for the stealthy movements of Joe ; now
it was filled with hot oaths, the writhing
bodies of the two antagonists, and the
straining hate of their struggle.
  Seizing an opportunity Pug swung
the smaller man against the side- of the
bed, and they toppled prone. Out
flashed one long arm, and Pug had the
stiletto.
  As the steel flashed above him, Little
Joe turned, caught the descending hand
and stopped its downward fall. He
squirmed, terrified, for death leered
from the face above him. With a super-
human effort Joe lifted the taller man
with one short massive arm, and pushed
him aside. And then, grasping Pug’s
hand that held the knife, Joe put his
utmost efforts into an effort to force it
downward.
  It was a question of strength, and
Joe was a trifle the stronger. The ten-
sion did not last long; with a swiftly
increasing speed the stiletto descended.
  Pug sank back upon the bed, his eyes
filled with ludicrous surprise. Word-
lessly, his mouth opened, and his body
twitched. The knife remained in its
human sheath.
  Panic seized Joe, a sudden, over-
whelming fear. He tore furiously at the
pillow case, grasped the thick bundle of
bills, and dashed to the window.
Quickly, furtively, he slipped down the
fire-escape.
  When he reached his room, which
was directly below Pug’s, Joe had a
horrified second. Instinct told him to
protect himself; he must not be accused
of killing Pug. He must leave his room,
leave the building, do something to take
suspicion away from himself.
  He caught up a cap, pulled it down
on his oblong head, and slipped quietly
down the stairs of the cheap rooming
house. He reached the sidewalk with-
out seeing anyone. And he turned into
a small cigar store instantly.
  Tom, the man who ran the cigar
store, was thin, with small, kindly, black
eyes set in a wrinkled face. He had
an eager, talkative way, and he was con-
tinually buying new things,—a pencil,
or a billfold, or one of the innumerable
novelties that are sold by street-corner
peddlers,—and insisting that all of his
customers notice and admire his new
possession.
   Joe slipped into the cigar store, and
grunted when Tom spoke to him. At
intervals a chill plucked at his scalp
and made the hairs rise and waver. His
breath was still accelerated from his
fierce struggle with Pug, and his body
tensed each time he thought of the man
he had killed.
  Perhaps even now Pug was still
faintly breathing. The knife had sunk
deep, and had not been removed. Pug
had twitched; his feet had stirred upon
the floor. . . . No, he was dead now.
Lying with a surprised look in his eyes.
Maybe Pug had squirmed a bit, or
fallen from the bed, but. . . . He was
lying quiet now. Looking surprised, but
quiet. Joe felt his scalp crawl.
The Too-Easy Alibi
109
  He had to do something: fix things
so he wouldn’t be suspected. He had
to do something; plan something. Make
Tom think he had l>een here a long time.
Stayed here from ten o’clock until—
“Look at this watch," said Tom,
offering a thin, octagon-shaped time-
piece for Joe’s approval. “Bought it
this morning. Perfect shape. Seven-
teen jewel. A bargain.”
  Joe looked, and then his eyes blurred.
The watch was a half-hour slow! A
half-hour slow. . . . Joe knew that the
time was at least ten-thirty, because he
had started for Pug’s room at ten-fif-
teen. But the watch was a half-hour
slow! The hour hand had crossed the
figure ten, and the minute hand was at
twelve. The watch was running, its
second hand was gavly marking off six-
tieths of a minute, and—it was a half-
hour slow! The watch said Ten
o'clock.
  Here, begging to be used, pleading
to be accepted, was an alibi. It was
almost too easy. It was being forced
upon him. It was too easy. And yet—
Joe took the watch from Tom’s proud
hatids, and caressed it with trembling
fingers. Ten o’clock. A half-hour
slow. But Tom should not know that—
“Pretty good watch,” continued Tom,
his manner insinuating that the time-
piece was an extraordinary and < ex-
tremely valuable article. “Cost me
twenty-five. Worth a hundred. See
this lever?” He touched a small gold
slide. “That’s the chimes. Listen.”
While Joe held the watch, Tom drew
out the tiny gold lever. A soft, clear
bell rang ten times, slowly.
  “Tells time in the dark. Pretty good
watch,” said Tom, boastfully.
  Joe gripped his jaws together to still
the chattering of his teeth. When Tom
had worked the lever of the watch, he
had thought that perhaps the cigar store
man wanted the return of his property.
Joe would give the watch back, but he
would begin his alibi first. He would
make sure that Tom would be positive
that he had been in the cigar store at
ten o’clock. Too easy? Why, he
wanted something easy like this.
  Putting the watch to his ear, Joe
listened to its clicks. His body pre-
vented Tom from seeing the timepiece.
So, when it crashed to the floor, the
cigar store clerk was surprised. Joe had
deliberately dropped it.
  Now ! No matter what happened, Tom
would now swear that Joe had been
in the cigar store at ten o’clock. There
remained btit one thing to be done: Joe
must now arrange that he should be
remembered somewhere else at ten-
thirty, or later.
  “I’ll pay for having the watch fixed,”
said Joe, picking it up from the floor,
and finding that it had stopped. “I
didn't mean to drop it.”
  He took Pug’s roll of bills from his
pocket, and peeled off the top one.
  Tom was distressed; new lines ap-
peared in his wrinkled face.
  “That’s the best—” he began.
  “You’ve got the money to have it
fixed,” Joe interrupted. He was im-
patient, eager to go elsewhere. “I’ve
loafed around here long enough. Think
I’ll travel.”
  He started toward the door. He
would go to the corner grocery store,
and make some mention of the time
there. Or to the nearest drug store.
Then his alibi would be perfect, bomb-
proof.
  His feet clung to the floor, and he
stretched one hand to the counter to
steady himself. He felt sick, as though
a solar-plexus blow had caught him un-
awares.
  Looking in through the door of the
cigar store was a detective.
  Joe could tell a “dick” by one swift
glance. Just as wild animals know
when a man is armed and dangerous,
and when he is without a weapon, so
I
110
The Too-Easy Alibi
Joe could detect those who were
dangerous. And the man who peered
in the doorway was an officer of the
law.
  Cummings was a huge mountain of a
man, ponderously built, blue-eyed and
impassive. He saw Joe, and started to
enter the store.
  Fright flowed frigidly through Joe’s
veins; he was caught in the grip of a
paralyzing fear. Now, while his alibi
was in the process of making, would
he be caught and held? Would he be
arrested? Now, immediately after he
had seemed so safe. That alibi had
been too easy.
  "You live next door.” stated the de-
tective. his enormous body filling the
doorway. “Who runs that rooming
house ?”
  “Mrs. Britt.” Joe answered weakly.
“She lives two blocks away. What do
you—”
 “Never mind what I want. Where
have you been all morning?”
  Sullenly Joe said, “Around here.
Talking with Tom.”
  “Talking with Tom,” Cummings re-
peated. “Well, you come with me.”
  Joe stepped out of the cigar store,
feeling the shadow of the electric chair
had touched him. He would be ques-
tioned, and—
 “I want to know where Ernest
Worth—he’s called Pug—lives in this
house,” the detective said, leading the
way toward Joe’s home.
  Little beads of sweat appeared upon
the squat man's forehead, and his
arms stiffened. He stifled the moan
that trembled in his throat. He dared
not try and escape from the detec-
tive.
  They climbed the uncarpeted silent
stairs and paused before Pug’s door.
  “Is this the room?” Cummings asked,
and Joe nodded wordlessly. “Well, I
knocked on this door this morning,”
the officer continued, “and got a grunt
and a get-out-of-here for an answer.”
He rapped upon the door.
  “Mrs. Britt, who runs this house,
lives two blocks away,” said Joe. If
he could get the detective interested else-
where, perhaps his captor would no
longer detain him.
  “She’s out," was the brief reply. “I
went down to see her. Now, where is
your room?”
  “Downstairs.”
  “Let me have your key. This fellow
Pug is wanted; he has been mixed up
in a bootlegging gang that—"
  “I don’t know anything about it.”
Joe broke in.
  He did not want the door to open;
he did not want to see Pug, with that
surprised expression on his face, lying
dead. A spasm of despair fluttered
through Joe, his knees shook slightly.
“I—I haven’t—had -anything—”
  Again Cummings knocked upon the
door. . . .
  “Pug growled at me when I was here
before,” he said. “This key might not
fit—”
  In the midst of his fear Joe had a
dazzling idea. He had wanted to go to
the grocery store in order to complete
his alibi. Why not ask Cummings what
time it was?
  “Pug goes out for breakfast every
morning,” he said. “Got a watch?
Let’s see what time—”
  The detective consulted a cheap nickel
watch.
  “Ten-thirty-five,” he announced.
“Pug was here at ten o’clock.”
  Perfect! Joe almost screamed with
relief. With these words the detective
had completed Joe’s alibi. Cummings
had roused Pug at ten o’clock, therefore
he was alive at that time. Tom’s
dropped timepiece would prove that
Joe had been in the cigar store at ten
o’clock, and the clerk would say that he
had chatted with Joe both before and
after that time. When he left the cigar
I
The Too-Easy Alibi
store, Joe had departed with Cummings,
consequently his actions during the
thirty-five minutes were satisfactorily
accounted for. He could not be con-
victed for killing Pug. for his alibi was
perfect. Perfect!
  The detective inserted Joe’s key in
the door of Pug’s room. Joe fought to
control himself; he must appear aston-
ished and appalled, as though he had
not anticipated seeing'the lifeless body
of his friend. There would be a
ludicrous expression of surprise on
Pug’s face; the bootlegger would be
lying on the bed, or on the floor nearby.
  The key fitted the lock on Pug’s door.
Joe was sure of this fact, for he had
entered by the door on his first visit to
Pug that morning. He had made his
second visit by way of the fire-escape,
because Pug had tilted a,chair under-
neath the doorknob to prevent another
visit.
  The detective pushed the door open,
shoving the tilted chair to the floor.
Joe was alert, ready to be shocked by
what they would find. Again a crawl-
ing fear squirmed across his scalp. He
closed his eyes, fearing to see that limp,
sprawled body.
  From a distance, Cummings’s voice
sounded. It was a placid, indifferent
voice, quiet and composed.
  “Well, I guess Pug has gone out to
breakfast,” the detective said calmly.
  Joe opened his eyes. He saw a dis-
ordered room, the overturned chair, the
bedclothes disarranged, but no sign of
Pug. There were no splotches on the
floor, nor any evidence that a man had
been hurt or killed. And the body had
disappeared!
  The detective rummaged in a small
closet, and discovered an empty bottle
underneath some soiled clothes. He
held the dark brown bottle aloft. It
was empty.
  “No evidence of bootlegging here,”
he said. “Let’s get out.”
Ill
  Toe was stupefied. He stood in horri-
fied bewilderment, looking for some
trace of the man he had killed. His
mouth seemed hollow, and his eyes were
huge and full of biting pains. Again
and again he stared at the bed, where
he had last seen Pug. Nothing there.
Nothing. Joe forced himself across the
room, and put his hand in the depres-
sion in the bed made by Pug when he
had dropped back after being knifed.
Nothing. Pug was nowhere in the
room. And there were no stains upon
the floor, nor any evidence that the
bootlegger had been killed.
  “Come on.” said Cummings. “I’m go-
ing to take a look at your room.”
  Joe did not reply, but followed the
detective from the room and down the
stairs. Terror whimpered in the squat
man’s mind, horrible fear coursed
through his veins and he stumbled as he
descended the uncarpeted steps. Even
though his alibi was perfect, a premoni-
tion seized him. He recalled Pug’s face
with its expression dT ludicrous surprise.
  The detective stopped and opened
Joe’s door. The short, squat man
hesitated in the hallway, held motion-
less by a mysterious dread. Again his
frantic mind assured him that his alibi
was perfect, that if his actions during
the morning were investigated he would
not be convicted of murder.
  A muffled curse came from Cum-
mings. The word held horror and dis-
may and astonishment. And an in-
tangible force impelled Joe into his own
room where the detective stood.
  Cummings was staring at the window
in .dazed surprise. Joe’s hunted eyes
followed the detective’s glance, and—
his body snapped into numbness. Pin-
pricks of biting cold bit into his brain.
All his strength vanished from him.
  And then the short, squat man began
to scream. Shriek after shriek came
from Joe’s bulging throat, each rising
higher and higher. No words issued
112
The Too-Easy Alibi
from his mouth; the sounds were the
fear-filled, desperate, horrified screams
of a trapped animal that knows it can-
not escape.
  For, upon the fire-escape, peering
into the room, was Pug! The knife
was still imbedded in the bootlegger’s
body; it had not been dislodged from
the time Joe had forced the stiletto to
its mark. Even though Pug had
crawled to the window for assistance,
had leaned out, and had fallen down
the fire-escape to the floor below, the
knife had remained implanted in his
flesh.
  Joe saw the man he had killed; saw
Pug looking in through the window.
Now, Pug was not ludicrously sur-
prised. Instead, ferocious hate glared
from his features, devilish anger- stared
from his sightless eyes. And in one cold
hand Pug held a torn bit of newspaper
which bore the words "I O U 5 Little
Joe.”
  There was no need to accuse Joe of
the crime; no need to seek for in-
criminating evidence. His screams had
reached a pitch that sounded as though
his vocal chords were being tom from
his throat by the strain. He proclaimed
his guilt in horrible noises. He forgot
that his alibi was perfect; forgot every-
thing but Pug’s loathsome, leering face.
Joe’s wild screams betrayed him, and
Cummings knew that he was in the
presence of the man who had killed
Pug.
  Later, of course, Joe was calmed by
opiates, and his confession written
down. But the confession, and the bit
of newspaper found in Pug’s lifeless
hand, were only corroborative evidence.
The thing that destroyed Joe’s perfect
alibi, that broke down his feeling of
safety, and that finally sent him to the
electric chair was Pug’s face staring
through the window from the fire-
cscape.
Pink Ears
 By Murray Leinster
  I
THE Stratford is a hotel for men
only, and has the air of quiet
seclusion that usually is asso-
ciated with a conservative club.
The lobby is small and far from ornate.
The smoking-room is large and com-
fortable. The dining-room is low-
ceilinged and quaint.—a place where one
can smoke comfortably,-—and the
kitchen produces viands that are worth
a special trip to taste. Altogether, the
Stratford is a place for those who want
comfort, quiet, and the best of every-
thing.
  James Craig, from his air of well-
 being, had enjoyed it to the full. An
 hour before, he had arisen from his
 table with that sensation of internal
 comfort that can come only from a
 well-ordered and well-cooked meal. He
 had chosen a cigar with discrimination,
 and lighted it with care. He had spent
 possibly twenty minutes or more in the
 smoking-room, idling over his news-
 paper in comfortable repletion, and then
 had scribbled a note at a writing-desk.
 With the methodical air of one to whom
 life is an excuse for the perpetration
 of systematic actions, he drew out a
 small notebook and extracted a stamp.
 He affixed the stamp and made a note
 in the book. It read:
  Postage on letter to firm.............. $ .02
    The note was just beneath three
  others:
Dinner ..............................$3.4S
     He reached toward a button to sum-
  mon a bell-boy, and then changed his
  B. M.—Apr.—8
mind. It was almost possible to read
his thoughts by his actions. He glanced
out of the window nearby, and saw the
last golden rays of the evening sun
striking upon street and passersby. One
who watched him would have guessed
at his mental processes so:—
   “I’ll have a bell-boy mail this. . . .
No. . . . This is a beautiful day. . . .
A walk after dinner will do me good
. . . I’ll stroll out and mail it, or stroll
out, anyway. . .
  He tucked the envelope carefully in
his pocket, rose, and sauntered out of
the doorway. He moved slowly, care-
lessly, idling with the relish of a man
who finds little time to idle.
  He was gone for less than ten min-
utes altogether. W'hen he came back
in the door and passed through the
lobby his expression had grown subtly
more content. The ten-minutes’ exer-
cise had "shaken down” his dinner,
liis cigar had proved all that the brand
warranted, and he was at peace with
the world. As he made his way into
the elevator he was even humming a
little.
  “Three," he commented, as the car
shot upward. “By the way, is there a
good show in town tonight?”
   “Yessuh, Ah reg’n so. Dey usual’ is.
Y’might ax at de desk.”
  The elcvator-door clanged open at
the third floor and he went out. The
elevator-boy saw him fitting a key into
the lock of his room. He was still
humming. The elevator-door shut, and
the cage dropped to the lobby floor
again.
   “Gosh,” said the elevator-boy to his
confrere, the chief bell-hop. “Dem
113
114
Pink Ears
trabelin' men sho’ has it easy. Dey
goes to de shows an’ jes’ chahges it in
d’ expense account. Y’ bettuh tote out
half a pint. Dis gen’leman in three-
eighty looks lak he mought be
intrusted.”
  The chief bell-hop rose.
  “Bress Gawd fo’ Prohibition,” he
commented piously. “Ef t’wasn’t fo’
de law, us hotel-help would hab t’ live
on ouah tips.”
  He sauntered into a small private
closet and a little later stepped briskly
up the stairs. It was certainly not more
than two minutes from the time the
elevator-boy saw Craig unlock the dcor,
humming a little, to the time the bell-
hop knocked softly. But where the
elevator-boy carried away an impres-
sion of carefree contentment and casual
cheer, the bell-hop straightened involun-
tarily when he heard a voice from
within.
  “Come in!”
  The voice was a harsh croak, a rasp-
ing gasp, metallic and unhuman. The
bell-hop pushed open the door cau-
tiously and peered in. The room looked
as if a whirlwind had struck it. Sheets,
rugs, pillow-cases were thrown helter-
skelter about the place, and at the
moment James Craig was on his knees
before a suit-case. Where he had
looked carefree and at peace with the
world, he now looked ghastly. His face
was a pasty, chalky white. His eyes
seemed to have sunk into his head, and
they stared at the bell-hop with a
strange deadness.
  "I’ve been robbed!” he croaked
harshly. “I’ve been robbed!”
  The bell-hop ducked instinctively.
“Bress Gawd!” he gasped. “Y’ don’
mean it!”
  A choked sob burst from the throat
of the chalky-faced man.
  "I’ve been robbed!” he repeated in
a certain strange calm. Then he
sobbed again, his whole body writhing
with the sound. “My God! Eighty
thousand dollars!”
  The bell-hop jumped a foot in the
air at mention of that sum and de-
parted swiftly. The result of his flight
was seen a moment later in a pale and
worried desk-clerk who came hurriedly
into the room. Craig was moving
dumbly about, looking hopelessly here,
there—everywhere.
“You—you’ve been robbed, sir?”
“Eighty thousand dollars!” Craig
seemed stunned by the calamity. “I’m
ruined! Ruined! Eighty thousand
dollars!”
  He sat down suddenly in a chair
and stared before him with lack-lustre
eyes. The desk-clerk, alarmed as he
was for the reputation of the house,
could not but feel sympathy for the
man who had changed so absolutely in
so few minutes. His very lips were
gray. His eyes seemed to have re-
treated deep into his skull. His voice
was a pitiable parody of a living man’s
voice. It was dead, harsh, lifeless.
  "Carrying bonds from New Orleans
to New York,” he said dully. “Nobody
knew I had ’em. Can’t sleep on trains,
and stopped over here to have a night’s
rest. I went out for dinner. . . . The
bonds are gone.”
  “I’ll send- for the police,” the desk-
clerk assured him. “We’ve a splendid
detective force here. If anybody could
find them, Jamison can.”
  Craig’s fingers unclenched and he
automatically began to look through the
articles in his suit-case again, in the
utterly forlorn hope that he might yet
be mistaken, and might yet find the
bonds.
  "Eighty thousand dollars!” he said
apathetically. “I’m ruined! They’ll
suspect me, even me, of stealing them.
And nobody knew I had them!” He
groaned. “Nobody knew I had them!”
The clerk slipped from the room and
telephoned frantically, while he gave
Pink Ea»-s
115
orders that assured the continued
presence of every one of the hotel em-
ployees and a careful note of every
guest who left the place. He would
be able to give the police a list of every
man who slipped out, and would be
able to produce all the hotel help. It
was quick and efficient work. But once
that was done, the desk-clerk allowed
himself to think sympathetically of the
man in the room above. He had seen
Craig stroll into the elevator, pleasantly
flushed by his dinner and walk. And
now that chalk-white man with sunken
eyes, croaking of ruin and disgrace. . . .
  The desk-clerk shook his head in
genuine regret.
II
  A rather shabby young man with a
cigarette dangling from his mouth
strolled into the room without the
formality of knocking. He nodded
ungraciously at Craig.
  “I’m Jamison,” he said gloomily,
“Police Headquarters. They sent me
down to find out about this robbery.
What’s up?”
  Craig, no more than the wreck of
the debonair man of a half hour be-
fore, told his story, with his eyes glow-
ing strangely from sunken sockets.
Jamison listened from a comfortable
chair, gazing at the ceiling.
  “Y* went out?” he queried, when
Craig had finished. “Why didn’t you
leave the bonds in the hotel safe?”
  “I should have,” groaned Craig
wretchedly. “But no one knew I had
them with me. Only the president of
my firm and myself knew I had them.
We thought that if I just went on up
to New York quite casually, as if on
an ordinary business trip, there’d be*
no suspicion of my having anything
valuable with me. God! If I’d only
known!”
“How long were you gone?” asked
Jamison, fishing in his baggy pockets
for tobacco and paper to roll another
cigarette.
  “I don’t know,” said Craig despair-
ingly. “I finished my dinner, wrote a
note, and went out to the street. I
asked the way to the nearest mail box
and dropped my letter in. Then I came
back, came up to my room, and the
bonds were gone! I’m ruined! I’ll
be suspected of stealing them myself!”
Jamison yawned and rolled a ciga-
rette with one hand, watching his own
fingers with the absorbed attention of
one who has but recently acquired the
feat.
  “Well,” he said in a moment, after
licking the paper. “I guess we’ve got a
job ahead of us. What train did you
come in on?”
  “I got in about four-thirty.”
  “That’s number twenty-seven,” com-
mented Jamison. “You came to the
hotel right away?”
  “Yes. I registered, washed up, had
my dinner, and—”
  "Bonds negotiable?” queried Jami-
son uninterestedly. “What issue and
numbers ?”
  Craig told him.
  “N.O. and W. 4^s,” Jamison yawned
again. “Twenty-nine four eighty-
seven to twenty-nine five twenty-two.
All right.”
  Craig rose as Jamison stood up
negligently. Craig looked like a wreck.
His face was a sickly white and his
eyes burned from cavernous depths.
His lips were trembling a little.
  “They’re going to suspect me!” he
said desperately. “Only one man beside
myself knew I had those bonds.
They’re gone—stolen. Man, you’ve
got to clear me! Search me, search
the room! Put me under arrest. Do
something!”
  “I'll put you under surveillance,”
said Jamison, “if you like.” He
yawned. “Just to prove to your firm
116
Pink Ears
you didn’t hide out on ’em. I'll send
a man up in a little while.”
  “I can give an account of every
movement since I’ve been in the city,”
said Craig suddenly. “Look here. I
keep an account of all my expenditures.
You can check me up. Here’s my din-
ner. Here’s the tip, and a postage-
stamp on the letter to my firm. Here’s
a magazine I bought. . . . You can
check up the time on every one of them.
You can trace my movements that
way.”
  Jamison glanced uninterestedly at the
open page held in Craig’s shaking
hand.
  “Don’t get so excited,” he said
grouchily. “Don’t y* know that if you
had swiped the stuff you’d have faked
a book like that?”
  He eyed the page for a moment and
sat down again, as if a new chain of
questioning had occurred to him.
  “Say, do you often come through
here?” he inquired.
  “Yes, on an average of once a
month.”
  “Stop at this hotel?”
  “Yes. . . .” Craig began to look hope-
ful. “Do you suppose some one of the
help—”
  “How big a package were the bonds ?”
“There were eighty of them. They’d
make quite a wad of paper.”
  “Make a man’s pocket bulge out?”
  “Surely."
  “The hotel-clerk kept all the em-
ployees waiting,” observed Jamison.
“I’ll take a look. Was your place much
messed up when you got back?”
“Practically like this. I left the
bonds in my suit-case. When I opened
the door I saw the place was torn up-
side down, everything thrown all
about.”
  “You’d left your suit-case open?”
queried Jamison. “They’d look in there
first. . . .”
  "The bonds were under a shirt—in
the folds of a shirt. At first glance
they wouldn’t seem to be there.”
   Jamison puffed thoughtfully for a
moment.
  “Ever use your firm’s stationery
here?”
  “Yes. Why?”
   “Just thinking,” said Jamison. “You
 see, if you dropped a letter-head in a
 waste-basket, whoever cleaned up the
 room might connect you up. . . . Say,
 your firm is a bank. You come through
 every so often. Suppose you leave a
 letter-head. Banks sometimes send cur-
 rency from one place to another by
 messenger. A chambermaid or bell-hop
 might notice. . . .”
  Craig’s face brightened. Jamison
wore an air of innocent pride.
   “You have to think of those things,”
 he said modestly. “I’ll tell you. You
 go down and get the desk-clerk and a
 cop. Tell the desk-clerk to have the
 darkies that clean up this floor come in,
 one by one. Come back with the clerk
 and the cop.”
   Craig obediently started for the door,
 hesitated, glanced back, and then went
 out. Jamison allowed himself the
 luxury of a grunt when the door closed,
 and the expression of innocent pride
 vanished utterly from his features,
 leaving them somewhat bored and
 entirely disgusted.
  “Sloppy work,” he commented
gloomily, to himself. “I wonder where
he keep his shaving-soap. That’s the
answer, ten to one.”
   He began to rummage in Craig’s suit-
 case.
Ill
  When Craig pushed open the door
ifcgain with the room-clerk and the
policeman, Jamison was standing by the
bureau, where there was a light. He
seemed to be examining something in
his hand. Craig looked vastly more
Pink Ears
117
hopeful, though his face was still a
deadly white and his eyes were still
sunken deeply into his head.
  “This officer,” he announced, “saw
me when I went out to mail that letter.
Tell him about it, Officer.”
  "I saw him mail a letter, sorr,” said
the policeman. “I was standin' by the
mail-box whin he come up. He axed
me for a light, sorr, and lighted his
cigar with it. It had gone out. Thin
he put his letter in the box. 'Twas a
small letter, sorr, in one av th' hotel
envelopes.”
  Jamison nodded uninterestedly.
  "Oh, all right," he said wearily.
"Nobody thought he mailed ’em away
and then called for the police to find
’em. Say.” He turned to the hotel-
clerk. “When did you open up this
part of the hotel ?”
  "About six months ago.”
  “New help?” queried Jamison. He
sank into a chair and yawned.
  “Partly,” said the clerk. “The
chambermaid’s been here a long time.
The cleaner for this floor is Sam White-
house. You know him, I think. He’s
a pretty good negro. Been fined a
couple of times for shooting crap, but
that’s all.”
  Jamison sat up.
  "Sam Whitehouse!” he said with
more energy than he had displayed be-
fore. “Why didn’t you say so before?
Look here.”
  He took an envelope from his pocket
and scribbled a few words on the back,
then handed it to the officer.
  “You can attend to it better than any-
one else,” he commented. “See to it,
won’t you? I’ll wait here.”
  He lay back in his chair and frowned
at the clerk.
  “I wish you hotel people wouldn’t
hire known criminals,” he complained.
“They’re always making trouble. If
there’s a smart darky in the city, it’s
that same Sam. He’d steal the brass
plate off a coffin—and get away with it.
J guess we’ll have him now, though...
  He rolled a cigarette and puffed
gloomily on it until the policeman
returned.
  “Got him, sorr. An’ he had the
bonds. A thick wad av thim, sorr.”
Craig sprang to his feet.
  “What!”
  “He’s got the bonds,” said Jamison
wearily. "You see, I guessed right
when I said you’d probably left a letter-
head or something. He just waited for
you to come back to town and went
through your room.”
  Craig’s face was a puzzle for an in-
stant, and then he sank back into his
seat and mopped his forehead, patting
it with his handkerchief.
  "Thank God!” he gasped.
  “Well, we’re through,” said Jami-
son. “Not much of a case, this. You
can get your bonds in the morning at
the police station.”
  He strolled out the door with the
policeman and room-clerk. Craig
watched the door close behind them and
sprang to his feet in a noiseless bound.
  "Good God!” he muttered, desper-
ately. "How—how—”
  In a catlike leap he sprang to the
cheap bureau in the room. With a
jerk he pulled out an empty drawer.
He stared at it for an instant, and then
brought it down with a crash upon his
knee, splintering the bottom utterly.
The real bottom of the drawer came
out in fragments, and a layer of veneer
that fitted neatly over it was twisted and
wrecked as well. And tumbling out
upon the floor were the eighty neatly
engraved bonds, fallen from their hid-
ing place in the neatly contrived false
bottom, just where Craig had placed
them two hours before. And yet—
  “I thought so.” said Jamison’s voice
wearily. "It was a sloppy job."
  There was an infinitely bright flash
and the room was full of smoke.
118
Pink Ears
IV
  “You’re mugged, now,” observed
Jamison. “I guess a flash-light picture
will go well in court. . .
  “His ears were pink,” explained
Jamison, his tone indicating the ultimate
of boredom. “His ears were nice and
pink. That gave him away.”
  Craig was huddled in a chair in the
police-station. The big policeman stood
guard beside him and the desk-sergeant
listened sympathetically to Jamison’s
tale of woe.
  “My Gawd,”» said Jamison dis-
gustedly, “I haven’t seen a really neat
job in so long you'd think everybody
with brains had turned honest. Look
at him, now. He passed through here
once a month for six months or so,
carrying stuff from New Orleans to
New York and back. He was a regular
at the hotel, and the clerk always gave
him the same room, and he saw it had
one o’ these cheap made-by-the-million
bureaus in it. And he set to work from
that!”
  He flung away his perpetual cigarette
and grunted.
  “He took some measurements of the
inside, an’ got a piece of veneer to fit
the bottom of one of the drawers.
Then, today, he climbed off the train,
went to the hotel, took his bonds and
laid ’em, neat, in the drawer, trimmed
up his veneer to fit exactly, and glued it
down on top of ’em. To look at it,
it was a perfectly empty drawer, and
nobody looks for secret compartments
in hotel furniture, particularly of the
made-by-the-million kind. He wandered
downstairs, ate his dinner while the
glue dried, smoked a cigar, and went
back up to his room and yelled bloody
murder. He thought he’d get away
with the story that his room had been
robbed while he was out!”
  The desk-sergeant shook his head
sympathetically.
  “Tst! Tst! . . .” he said com-
miseratingly.
  “He had a good make-up on ” com-
mented Jamison morosely. “He looked
like the wrath o’ Gawd, and he played
his part pretty well, but he overdid it,
of course. Showed me a note-book to
check up his movements by—and he’d
made an entry in it while there was a
bit of glue on his finger. The smudge
told a lot, since I’d already made up
my mind he was tryin’ to steal from
himself. Say”—he addressed the pris-
oner—“were you thinkin’ maybe your
firm would prosecute you for the
theft and be unable to get a conviction
for lack of evidence?”
  The prisoner seemed to shrink a little
farther into himself, but did not reply.
  “That was it," said Jamison gloomily.
,rOnce he’d been tried, you know, they
couldn't have done a thing no matter
how much proof they got that he had
recovered and was selling the bonds
later.”
  “He gave himself away, you say?”
the desk-sergeant asked.
  “Dead away,” admitted Jamison de-
pressedly. “I knew he’d done it, the
minute I first saw him, and if that
wasn’t enough, I sent him out to get
the room-clerk and he stopped in the
doorway to take a last look straight
where he’d put the bonds. And
the first place he looked when he came
back was the same spot. It was a
shame to pinch him, he was so inno-
cent.”
  “But can you jug him?” queried the
desk-sergeant.
 “Jug him? I could hang him,”
asserted Jamison in the profoundest
disgust. “I got Murphy to frame a
story that he’d found the bonds on a
bell-hop, and when Murphy—”
  “Me name’s O’Ryan, sorr," inter-
rupted the policeman.
  “When O’Ryan sprang the plant and
we went out, Craig went straight to
Pink Ears
119
look at the bonds and make sure they
were safe. All I had to do was take
Murph—O’Ryan by the hand and wait
two minutes and then swing in the
door and pull a flash-pistol. I had
Craig neatly mugged with the bonds in
his hands. Could 1 jug him, I ask
you ?”
  "You could,” agreed the desk-ser-
geant. “But you keep saying all along
that you knew he’d hidden out the
bonds. How’d you know that?’’
“His ears were pink,” said Jamison
wearily. “If you saw a man who’d just
been robbed of a fortune, you’d expect
him to look sort of pale, wouldn’t you?”
“I would that.”
  “This man was made up pretty good.
His eyes looked sunk way back in his
head, and he was pale to just the right
extent. He put over the voice stuff
pretty well, too. He’d made himself
up with number one dead white, Ibat-
he carried in his shaving-soap tuBe, but
he’d left his ears pink, a nice, healthy
pink. And I had only to take one look
to know what was up.”
  “’Twas careless,” said the dcsk-
sergeant.
  “Careless? It was criminal!” Jami-
son seemed to be mourning over the
decay of crime. “I haven’t had a real
good case in a coon’s age. Crooks
haven’t got brains any more,”
  And he shook his head in the most
abysmal gloom.
Hankenson’s Perfect Crime
                    By Ward Sterling
I
HAVING decided to kill Chester
O’Hearn, Hankenson c o in -
menced making his plans.
He had often read of the
perfect crime—the fool proof crime to
which there is no clew, but which al-
ways ends disastrously for the perpe-
trator because of some straggling little
thread left untied. In his case there
would be no slip-up. The average
murderer, he believed, killed on im-
pulse; few, if any, went about it as
he was doing, weighing every minor
detail, covering every track as he
proceeded.
  Carefully—for he felt that he had
months ahead of him in which to com-
plete his arrangements—he went over
every possible -contingency. Every
method of killing known to civilized
man was carefully jotted down, news-
paper clippings relating to crime were
card-indexed and filed away for future
reference.
  When he had secured all of the in-
formation he desired, he sat down,
spread the various data before him and
dissected them bit by bit. This work
completed, he tabulated the results care-
fully—then rejected the whole. The
crimes of others served him as an ob-
ject lesson in what to avoid.
  There were two pitfalls to be
watched for. One was the fact that
O’Hearn was carrying on a liaison with
Mrs. Hankenson. In spite of their ef-
forts to avoid scandal several people of
their acquaintance knew which way the
straws were blowing, and one or two
120
had hinted at the facts to the husband.
And O’Hearn was a man of great
wealth and Hankenson’s cousin. Han-
kenson, upon his death, would inherit
the greater part of his millions.
  Therefore any suspicion of murder
would cause people to look naturally in
Hankenson’s direction.
  Therefore there must be no suspicion
of murder.
  To kill O’Hearn and have it appear
as a suicide would never do either.
People always talked too much about
suicide and inquired into the whys and
wherefores. Talking might cause some
blundering officer to accidentally guess
at the truth.
  After debating the matter thor-
oughly in his own mind, he finally de-
cided that there was but one solution
to the problem.
  First—O’Hearn must be killed in
such a way that it would look like an
accident.
  Second—When the killing took place
Hankenson must be close by, but not
actually present.
  Third—Others must be witnesses to
the tragedy. There must be enough
witnesses to prove conclusively that an
accident had been the cause of death,
and they must be men and women
whose testimony would be accepted
without a question of doubt in any
court in the land.
  These things having been decided
upon, Hankenson had next to select a
method of committing the deed.
  O’Hearn was an ardent sportsman,
hunter and trapshooter. What, then,
would be more natural than that he
Hankenson’s Perfect Grime
121
should be killed in the field and by his
own gun?
  But how?
  It took I-Iankenson several weeks to
decide this point. Here, as before, de-
tails were mentally discussed, cata-
logued and discarded. The solution
was finally reached through the applica-
tion of chemistry. And, having arrived
at a decision, Hankenson applied him-
self vigorously and with his usual
painstaking thoroughness to the task of
putting the affair through to a success-
ful conclusion.
  In an obscure drug store in another
city he purchased a small bottle of nitric
acid. Several weeks later he motored
to the metropolis, a hundred miles dis-
tant, in order to secure fifteen cents’
worth of sulphuric acid. Laying both
purchases aside, he waited several
weeks, finally finding occasion to make
a trip to a third town, where he bought
a bottle of glycerin. He now had the
ingredients to manufacture enough
nitro-glycerin to blow up a regiment—
all purchased in such a way that suspi-
cion could never be traced to him.
  But he was wary. The time was not
yet ripe. There was always the chance
that some over-alert clerk might,
through some unforeseen circumstance,
remember his face and connect him
with the purchase of one of the chemi-
cals. It was best to wait until the
memory of his small purchases faded
from their minds. It was lack of at-
tention to such small details that had
caused others to be caught. In his case
nothing was too tiny to be overlooked.
His was a brain that could foresee all
contingencies.
  Six weeks passed before he was
ready to act. One day while visiting
O’Hearn’s bachelor apartments he man-
aged to pocket half a dozen shells such
as his cousin used in his favorite gun.
Again he waited for weeks to see if the
theft was noticed. Finding that it was
not, he proceeded to carefully draw the
wads from three of the shells, uncrimp-
ing the edges in such a way that it
would not be noticed. He even wore
gloves to avoid tell-tale finger-prints.
  Pouring out the charges of powder
and shot, he poured into the empty
shells enough nitro-glycerin—which he
compounded from his chemicals—to
make small bombs out of each, replaced
the wads, and, turning back the edges
carefully, he looked over his handiwork.
  To all appearances the shells were
identical with their mates. Yet when
the hammer struck the cap it would
create an explosion sufficient to tear ihe
very head off of the unfortunate
O’Hearn. The terrific jar would ex-
plode the other shells and the remaining
evidence would be destroyed.
  Naturally, as Hankenson knew, there
would be an inquiry. But as a method
of committing a murder it was so
unique that it would never be suspected.
Instead, the company which manufac-
tured the cartridges would be blamed.
Accidents are always likely to happen
in powder factories. In the end the
coroner’s jury would decide that some-
thing had gone wrong with the formula
when the powder was made. He. as
OTIearn’s next of kin, would bring suit
against the manufacturers and the lat-
ter, for their own protection, wo-ild set-
tle as speedily as possible in order to
avoid unnecessary publicity.
  He next poured the acid and glycerin
down the sewer. The bottles in which
the chemicals came he broke into small
pieces and buried in the ashes. Thus
he covered his tracks as he went along.
  The hunting season opened next day.
He and O'Hearn had made all arrange-
ments to leave early in the morning for
a forenoon’s sport among the ducks.
A large party of friends was to accom-
pany them. The friends were to be
the necessary witnesses.
  Waiting until late in the evening, he
122
Hankenson’s Perfect Crime
hastened to OTIearn’s rooms. A mat-
ter of business would, he stated, keep
him in town for an hour or two after
the party had started. As soon as he
could conveniently get away, he would
motor out to the club grounds and join
the others.
  O’Hearn was examining his hunting
gear and filling the pockets of his coat
with cartridges as Hankenson knew he
would be. Waiting until the other had
left the room for a second, he removed
three of the shells from the right-hand
pocket, dropping into their place the
three filled with the deadly nitro-
glycerin.
  He knew O’Hearn’s habits. At the
club grounds the sportsmen would di-
vide into small parties, each picking out
his individual ‘‘blind.” Most of them
would go in parties of twos. With
Hankenson absent, O'Hearn would oc-
cupy a blind alone until his partner's
arrival. With the ducks flying thick,
one of the three “fixed” cartridges
would surely be fired inside of the first
half hour. By the time he arrived, the
others would be on their way back, car-
rying with them the mangled remains
of Chester O’Hearn.
 II
  Someone has remarked that it is the
little things that effect human destinies.
In this case it was a small leak in
a rubber boot that saved Chester
O’Hearn’s life and prevented Carl
Hankenson from committing the per-
fect crime.
  O’Hearn had been suffering from a
slight cold. Arriving at the clubhouse, he '
no sooner set foot on the ground than
he accidentally stepped into a tiny pool
of water. An instant later he discov-
ered the leak in his boot. There were
no other boots available, and to enter
the blind whh those he wore meant to
invite an illness. Never of a robust
constitution, he feared to take a chance.
As a result he sat on a log along the
bank of the river, his dog by his side,
watching the others fill their bags.
  The morning turned out warmer than
usual. Finding his heavy canvas hunt-
ing coat, its pockets loaded down with
shells, too heavy over his thick sweater,
O'Hearn divested himself of it and laid
it on the grass close by. Stretching out,
he filled his pipe and took matters as
philosophically as could be expected of
an enthusiastic sportsman forced to
keep out of the game at the opening of
the hunting season with the ducks
thicker than ever before in history.
  Meanwhile Hankenson, driving slow-
ly, reached the grounds. Looking
around carefully, he was astonished to
find no evidence of the tragedy. Where
there should have been a white-faced .
little group of men standing around a
blanket-covered form, all of the mem-
bers of the party, as far as he could
see, were busily engaged in banging
away at the feathered game.
  He hesitated an instant. It would
never do to go back now that he had
come this far. Someone might have
seen him. The “accident” was certain
to happen shortly. To turn back now
would be equivalent to admitting a
guilty knowledge. Nor would he dare
enter the blind with O’Hearn. For
when one of the “doctored” shells ex-
ploded, anyone within a radius of a
dozen feet would be in danger.
  Moving slowly, trying to think of
some excuse to keep out of the other’s
company, he rounded a curve in the
pathway. He was almost upon O'Hearn
before he noticed the other sprawled
upon the river bank, half asleep.
 Ill
  Dogs are affectionate animals. The
one owned by O’Hearn was no excep-
tion to the rule. Forced to remain with
Hankenson’s Perfect Crime
123
its master when the other canines of the
party were enjoying a full day's sport,
it longed for a romp. Hankenson had
often played with it in times gone past.
Recognizing its friend, it leaped to its
feet, and, tail waving, started toward
him.
  Hankenson’s gun was in his hand. It
was this that probably caused a streak
of peculiar dog reasoning to flash
through the animal’s brain.
  “Here,” he probably thought to him-
self, “is why my master has been wait-
ing. Now that he’s arrived, let’s get
started.”
  Seizing O’Hearn’s hunting coat ill his
mouth, the animal leaped toward Hank-
enson, the heavily loaded pockets of the
coat swinging wildly.
  As it fawned upon the newcomer one
of the loaded pockets struck the butt of
Hankenson’s shotgun.
  Nitro-glycerin explodes upon con-
cussion !
The New Mystery Books
By Captain Frank Cunningham
Instant Bunion Relief
Prove It At My Expense
1
 The Great Quest, by Charles
Boardman Hawes.—A lukewarm tale
of buried treasure, fittingly published
by the Atlantic Monthly Press of Bos-
ton. Which means, of course, that it
is aimed at the off moments of literary
middle-aged ladies and old gentlemen
who never leave their arm-chairs.
Neither very new nor very original.
Reminiscent of Stevenson, but lacking
both his style and his manner. It can’t
possibly offend you. Nor will it even
thrill you. “Dainty” is the word that
best describes it.
*	* *
II
The Trigger of Conscience, by
 Robert Orr Chipperfield.—The usual
 detective story concerning a mysterious
 robbery and a murder. The plot is de-
 veloped according to the accepted
 standards of this sort of fiction. So I
 warn you in the beginning that the de-
 tective is unbelievably brilliant; every-
 one in the story is suspected at one
 time or another of having done the
 dirty deed; and there is a surprise
 ending. It ought to make good read-
 ing, but somehow it just doesn’t.
*	* *
III
   The Scarlet Hand, by Charles Gil-
 son.—A terrible book to have to read.
 Yes, German spy stuff with a Chinese
(Continued on page J£G)
.7 JEW EL I0YR. CASE)
                      T> TTSH your name and act-’
_____drew nnd we will tell
you HOW you can got this handsome 7-jowel.
10-year guaranteed, gold-lined Bracelet Watch
ABSOLUTELY FltKB.
Remember, with onr plan, It WONT coat you a
cent. Bracelet Watch com.* to you In an elaborate
velvet box. Write at once for FREE Watch Plan.
HO MIS SUPPLY CO.
116	Natisnn St., Dxpt. 0*	New York
In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO
Don’t Wear a Truss
ROOKS’ APPLIANCE, the
modern scientific invention, the
wonderful new discovery that re-,
lieves rupture will be sent on
trial. No obnoxious springs or
pads. Has automatic Air Cush-
ions. Binds and draws the
broken parts together as you
would a broken limb. No salves.
No lies. Durable, cheap.
Sent on trial lo prove il.
Protected by U. S, patents.
Catalogue and measure blanks
mailed free. Send name and
address today.
BROOKS, 209F State St., Marshall, Mich.
ADVERTISING
TafcuWor StojU
Mwgf-alStep* '
Carrtaga
 Clmxje Return
 fend Automatic
 Spacer
 £8>ciiSpaaf
ROAM
 Ribbon Shirt
 Stencil Cutter
     Tabulator 8*»
 BOlTKTHUs'G NEW: Make your eyes sparkle with Lilli won-
 derful. natural crystal cloarnoss and tantalising fliarm they
 BUould 11 a it. Dae the new preparation. “Sparkle-Eye," guar-
 anteed harraleta. Mall a SI.00 hill In cmelop® today, with
 your name and address. for full-alze bnttls of "Sparklo-Eye,”
 Rent poslaso paid, Satisfaction guaranteed or money refundec.
 Order today before this offer eiplrea. HAROINB IMPORTING
 CO.. Oepi. 65. 3104 Michigan Aye.. Chicago. III._
HE MONEY AT HOME
YOU can earn from $ I lo $2 an hour in your spore time
writing show cards. Quickly and easily learned by our
new simple method. No canvassing or soliciting. Wetcach
you how and guarantee you steady work at home and pay
you cash each week. Full particulats and booklet free.
  AMERICAN SHOW CARD SCHOOL .
217 Ryrio Building	Toronto, Canada
 /WjustaBIs Paptr GUld#
forcfd Alignment Fart<
Platen Reload
Line Spaeo
Adjustment
TYPEWRITER SENSATION!
   Free Trial—Use as You Pay
L. C. SMITH
 Send us only $5.00 a month until the low total
 price of $64.85 is paid, and the machine is yours.
 This is absolutely the most generous typewriter offer
 ever made. Do not rent a machine when you can pay
 $5.00 a month and own one. Think of It—Buying a
 $100.00 Machine for $t>4.85. Cash price, $59.85, just a
 little more than half its original price.
                           Model
                           No. 5
 Perfect machines, 8tandftr<l sleo, Keyboard of-Standard Universal
 arrangement, 42 Keys, writing 84 characters— universally used la
 teaching tbo touch system. The entire lino of writing completely
 visible at all times, has the tabulator, the two color ribbon, wlrh auto-
 matic reverse, the back spacer, ball bearing type bars, ball bearing
 carriage action, bail bearing shift action, la fact every lato stylo
 feature and modern operating convenience. Comes to you with
 everything complete: tools, cover, operatlug book and Instructions—
 nothing extra to buy. You cannot Imagine tha perfection of
 this beautiful reconstructed typewriter until you have eoeis
 It. Wo havo sold thousands of these period lato style mach-
 ines at this bargain prlco and every one of these thousands
 of satisfied customers had this beautiful, strictly up-to-
 dato machine on five days* free trial bofore deciding to buv
 It. We will send It to you F. O. D. Chicago for Uvo days’ free trial,
 it will soil Itself, but If you are not satisfied that this la the greatest
 typewriter you ever saw. you can return It at our expense. You
 won’t want to return It after you try It. for you canuot euual this
 wonderful value anywhere.
SEND NO IV10NEY
Put InYour Order Now
 When the typewriter arrives deposit with
 tho oxurees ageut $4.85 and take tbo machine
 for five days* trial. If you are convinced
 that it Is the best typewriter you ever saw keep It and send us 55.00
 n month until our bargain price of $04.85 is paid. If you don't
 want It. return it to tho express agent, receive your $4.85 and return
 the machine. Wo will pay tbo return express charges. Thla
 machine Is guarantcod Just as If you paid $100.00 for It. It la
 Standard. Over half a million people own and use these typewriter*
 and think them the best ever manufactured. Tho supply at
 this price Is limited, tho pries will probably be raised whon
 noxt advertisement appears, so don't delay. Fill In th®
 coupon to-day—tho typewriter will bo shipped promptly.
 There Is no red tape. We employ no solicitors—no collector*—no
 chattel mortgage. It Is simply understood that we retain title to
 tho machine until full $04.85 Is paid. You cannot lose. It is tho
 greatest typewriter opportunity you will over have. Do not send
 us ons cent. Get tho coupon in tho malls to-day—sure.
 SMITH TYPEWRITER SALES CO., 90,218 N.Wells Si.. Chicago, III.
 SMITH TYPEWRITER SALES CO.. 90. 218 N. Well. St.,Chicane.IH
  Ship mo tho I.. C. Hmltii Model No. 6. F. O. It. Chicago, ns described
  in tnla advertisement. I will pay you $5.00 monthly aa rent until
  tho JflO.OO balance ol tho Special Se.-l.S5 ealo prlco Is paid. The tltlo
  to remain In you until fully paid for. It Is understood that I
  havo Ove days In which to oxnmlno and try tho typewriter. If I
  chooao not to keep It I will carefully repack It and return It to tho
  express agent. It la understood that you give tbo standard guarantee.
Ninu......................................................
Stroot Address.............................................
City....................................State..............
Occupation or Business.....................................
ti85
fa*AFTER
■ TRIAL
$YoSBn£$
MUSBC LESSONS FREE
 You can read music like this quickly
 IN YOUR HOME. Wr1l«* today for our FREE booklet li Wills how to lf*rtt
 *<• pla> Plsnu, Urinn. Violin, Mandolin. Oulisr, Banjo,etc. B**lnn*rs or ad-
 vanced players. Your only rxi»«n»A aUiot 3c p«rd»y tot muvlcaiid pretax? u»ed.
 AMERICAN SCHOOL oi MUSIC, 38 LAKESIDE BLDG., CHICAGO
WRITE THE WORDS FOR A SONG
We will compose music, secure copyright,
and print. Submit poems on any subject.
SETON MUSIC COMPANY
920 S. Michigan Avenue, Room 114, Chicago
 We will train you to wrlto show cards for us. No canrasslni or
 soliciting; we supply you with steady work: distance no object;
 will pay you from * 1S to J50 a week.
 Wilson Methods, Limited, Dept IP, 64 East Richmond, Torontc, Can.
Dress Designing Lessons FREE
              Women—<llrl»—15 or over, can easily learn Dress
              and Costume Designing during their spare moments
              IN TEN WEEKS.
 Dress and Costume Oeslgn* /
    •rs Frequently Earn	S
 $45 to $100 a Week
                     Mall to
                     rRAwam wstttute
                            / Dept. .**-602.
 g Rochester. N. Y.
 Many Start Parlors In /„ .	,m
 Th.lr Own Horn...	J Send me AT ONCB.
 Krery woman who now / fe» HOI *	In
  doe, plain <ewln« .hould * J*"-1 »ubie« here checked.
  talf. up Designing.	/ QOrw Oil's .ml CJMBtaaiy
/ .................
/ Adilrwi.................
 Hundreds I*arn
    Millinery
    By Mall.
In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO
126
The New Mystery Books
(Continued from tope Hi)
secret society of the Scarlet Hand
thrown in for good measure. And the
dear old island of John Bull is again
threatened. Its complete destruction
was planned, mind you. But ah! our
two boy heroes appear, get kidnapped,
carted off to China, but in the end
manage to save the British Govern-
ment. If you don’t believe me, read
the book yourself. Diamond Dick stuff
for $1.75.
*	Dc *
IV
  This Man’s World, by Will Leving-
ton Comfort.—Please, Mister Editor of
this Magazine, can you tell me why this
book was ever published? . . . What?
You think it was originally a rejected
movie scenario? . . . But do you think
it will now be filmed? . . . No.
Neither do I. It’s too bad even for the
movies. And the author might have
written such a nice yarn about the
South Sea Islands, had he been so
tempted, instead of this cheap, improb-
able story.
*	* *
V
  Within Four Walls, by Edith
Baulsir.—One of these mysterious
house yarns that a noble hero inherits,
goes to the place to live, and gets mixed
up in a murder. Of course he is
wrongly accused, as is everybody else.
But in the end “there is a surprise in
store for the reader.” Same old stuff,
a little worse than usual, that’s all.
*	* *
VI
  Yellow Men and Gold, by Gouver-
neur Morris.—Again a buried treasure
yarn; always a safe bet for authors in
need of money. This time the plot is
clumsily conceived and rather badly
written. It will try your patience. And
let us hope that this is the. last time a
Chinaman appears between the covers
of an American novel. Yes, I think
the hero finally gets the buried gold
and wins the girl. I didn’t finish the
yarn, so I don’t know for sure. But
I drew my own conclusions.
*	* *
VII
 Quill's Window, by George Barr
McCutcheon—Remembering the adoles-
cent thrills I got many years ago from
"Graustark,” (.bad stuff, I grant you,
but amusing), I can’t quite forgive Mr,
McCutcheon for publishing this most
recent of his atrocities. It’s something
of a small-town story, and deals with
a queerly shaped cave on a hillside
called “Quill’s Window”; where old
Quill himself was found hanging by
the neck one day, where a woman’s
skeleton was also discovered, and where
other supposedly thrilling things took
place. After all, it’s nothing but a
dime novel.
# * *
VIII
 The Panelled Room, by Rupert
Sargent Holland.—"The rubies were
gone !—that was certain.” Thus runs
the style of this lurid masterpiece.
Blackmailers, an accidental murder, a
persecuted woman, and similar juicy
bits go to make up this yarn. I have
said before, and I say it again, they
are publishing books nowadays in cloth
bindings that used to sell in the days
of Street and Smith for ten cents.
*	* *
IX
 The Snowshoe Trail, by Edison
Marshall.—This is the one plot that is
invariably used by writers who lay the
scene of their story in the great North-
west—the search for a missing man.
This time you have more poetical
descriptions than usual, about the same
number of hairbreadth escapes, and the
same old last chapter. Will we ever
get a new plot of the North woods?
ADVERTISING
Just Try One!
    The two magazines named below are among the best light fiction maga-
zines published. You like good stories: you will enjoy these magazines
immensely. Take one (or both) home with you today.
 CONTENTS OF APRIL NUMBER
 THE LAGOON OF LOST PEARLS, by
 Harry llervey. A fascinating story of
 love and adventnre in the South Seas.
 THE TEN OF SPADES, by Carl Glick.
 One of the best detective stories we have
 ever found.
 “MOVE AND I KILL YOU!” by Ray
 St. Vrain. Spanish love and vengeance.
 THREE THOUSAND DOLLARS, by Eric A.
 Darling. Politicians and another crook.
 THE MIDNIGHT PRANK OF MIMI, by
 Beulah. Poynter. A delicious story of
 how orange pajamas and a night in jail
 prevented a divorce.
 And a half-dozen more that will hold your
 interest from first page to last—Corking
 good stories!
 And SAUCY SHOTS FROM STUDIOS-
 News about pictures and picture-makers.
FoQtSJ - /A*	of
iCINMTOS FICTION
       “There is no other magazine
       quite like The Follies.”
 CONTENTS OF APRIL NUMBER
 A BEAUTY FOR THF, SULTAN, by C. S.
 Montanyo. The Ruler of Turkey sends
 envoys to steal an American beauty for
 his harem. What happens?
 THE MAN-CHASER, by Kenneth Barr.
 How a Newport vamp drove a man to
 the arms of the woman who wanted him.
 THF. MERCENARY LITTLE WRETCH,
 by Crosby George. About a red-headed
 gold digger who didn't dig.
 SPANISH EYES, by Gordon Malherbe
 llillman. Becausc she sang like a phono-
 graph she became 4 star overnight. And
 caught a millionaire.
 Seven other stories in the style that has
 made tliis a magazine apart from all others
 of its kind.
       ‘There is no other magazine
       quite like The Follies.”
On all good newsstands
Buy them today; they sell out early
In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO
ADVERTISING
wmtm
^Musical - j;
Instrument
Making
 Two
Hundred
Your Choice, On Trial
THE Wurlitzer plan gives you anv
tnstrumentwith a complete musical
outfit for a week's Free Trial in
your own home. No obligation to buy.
Return the instrument at our expense
at the end of the week, if you decide not
to keep it. Trial won’t cost you a penny.
 Monthly Payments
 Payments are arranged in small
monthly sums A few cents a day will
pay for your instrument and complete
outfit. The Wurlitzer plan gives you
all at direct cost. You get the outfit
and instrument practicially for the
cost of the instrument alone.
  Artistic quality of Wurlitier instru-
ments is known all over the world.
Wurlitzer instruments have been used
by artists and in the finest orchestras
and bands for years. The house of
Wurlitzer has made the finest musical
instruments for more than 200 years.
Complete Outfits
The new plan includes with the in-
strument everything that you need—
velvet and plush lined carrying case
with lock and key, all accessories and
extra parts, self instructor, book of
musical selections, etc.
A Wurlitzer Outfit
This shows the Wurlitzer Violin Out-
fit. Case is professional style, beauti-
fully finished. Complete outfits like this
are now furnished with all Wurlitzer
instruments.
 Every musical instrument known,
including Pianos and Victrolas, is em-
braced in the Wurlitzer plan.
Send for New Catalog
 Every known instrument illustrated and fully described in
 detail with prices, monthly payments and free trial blank.
 More information and pictures of instruments than in any
 other book published. (-4/50 complete catalog of accessories,
 repairs, strings and all needs for replacements for anv instru-
 ment made. instant mail scrvicc.) Book is absolutely free.
 No obligation Send the coupon now.
The Rudolph Wurlitzer Company
 Cincinnati Chicago New York San Franciico
 Copyright 1921, The Rudolph Wurlitzer Co.
THE RUDOLPH WURLITZER CO., Dept. 1693
117	E. 4th Si., Cincinnati	120 W. 42nd St.. New York
700 Jackson Blvd., Chicago 21S Stockton St., San Francisco
Send mp your new catalog wlUi Illustration* in Mot and
full description of the Wurlitzer Complete Outfit! and d'tills
of tlie free trial and easy payment offer.
A’nmo .
Addrrt*
(Stctc niuticol instrument in which yow are '•pedolty h'terntcd)
In answering advertisements, please mention THE FOLLIES TRIO
$2500 REWARD
For the Capture of An Unknown Man
Twice he had entered the St. Clair Mansion. What
was he alter? Wlio? What was in danger?
Berteau, the famous detective had warned St. Clair
that the mysterious marauder would come again.
And now—a noise in the passage! The creak of an
opening door. A shot in the dark! A capture!
Is this wounded stranger the mysterious intruder? Who
could tell? Yet Berteau identified the man without
hesitation and won the $2500 reward.
How did he do it? Easy enough_for the Finger
Print Expert. He is the
specialist, t h e leader, t h e
cream of detectives. Every
day's paper tells their won-
derful exploits in solving
mysterious crimes -ana
convicting dangerous
criminals.
 More Trained Men Needed
The demand for trained men by governments, states,
cities, detective agencies, corporations, and private
bureaus is becoming greater every day. Here is a real
opportunity for YOU. Can you imagine a more fasci-
nating line of worl( than this? Often life and death
depend upon finger print evidence —and big rewards
go to the expert. Many experts earn regularly from
53,000 to $10,000 per year.
Learn at Home in Spare Time
And now you can learn the secrets of this science at
home in your spare time. Any man with common
school education and average ability can becomc a
  ough for the Finger Wriee ')u'ckl>'lor £ul|l
Why doritYou he a
Finger Print Expert ?
 Finger Print Detective in surprisingly short time.
 Free Course in Secret Service
 For a limited time we are making a special offer of
 a Professional Finger Print Outfit, absolutely Free,
 and Free Course in Secret Service Intelligence.
 Mastery of these two kindred professions will open
 a brilliant career for you.
 Write quickly for fully illustrated free book on Finger
 Prints which explains this
 wonderful training in detail.
 Don't wait until this offer
 has expired —mail the cou-
 pon now. You may never
 see this announcement again!
 You assume no obligation
 —	you have everything to
 gain and nothing to lose. Write at once — address
 University of Applied Science
 Dept. 1524 1970 Sunnyside Ave. Chicago, Illinois
 UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE
Dept. 1524 • 1^20 Sunnyside Avenue, Chicago, Illinois
 Ofntl.-m.-n: —Without any obligation whatever. Bend me your
 now. fully illustrated, FREE book on Finger Prints and your
 offer of :» FREE course in Secret Service Intelligence and the
 Free Prufeaoional Finger Print Outfit.
 Nan
Address......................................................
  J'rescnt
Occupation............................................Age..
                                              How many objects
                                              in this picture
                                              Begin withS"?
                                                       i 3 mm
                                                                                               po»lt of 1:0.000 •! ih «!.»» tank
                                                                                               • hieh •• *111 li-JlJ u a |Mr«iUl
                                                                                               conteat will t» piu
                                                                                               Zt 1* undaratood (Bit tea Cashier |
                                                                                               ot thla bank elll uni aa ana of
                                                                                               taa Judaea of this puiila contest
                                                                                               •ill aearfl thaaa prlaaa.
                                                                                                          tour* »ery truly.
h. c. ouusEorr I
ruvM«r<
A Great Big Puzzle Picture Free Win the $5000 Prize
 Join in this fascinating puzzle game,
 or send for large size puzzle picture.
 Work from this picture
 List all the objects you
 find in picture begin-
Costs Nothing to Try
 ning with "S." You need not buy any Keefer's Yeast Tablets’to
 win a prize. Open to everybody. Largest and nearest correct list
 wins first pruTe of *50 eyfcn if you buy nothing- But look to right!
 See how you can win *5000, *2500, or one of the other 103 biggest
 cash prizes. foO or fSOOO. which do you want? Start now. Contest
 is for the purpose of introducing the latest scientific aid to —
BEAUTY—Health - Vim -Vigor
 The world has waked up to Nature’s own beauty
 and health secret. Vitamines!
Reefer's Veast Tablets
 —embody all 3 necessary vitamines. Help to build
 up vitality, strenyrth. endurance, induce youthful
 natural complexion. A food. Has all the elements
 f our body needs to derive the proper nourishment
 rom the food you eat. Send tor son
 from the food you eat. Send tor some today.
 E. J. Reefer, Dept, a-1124
  9th and Spruce Sts.,
  Philadelphia, Pa.
  A one package order for Reefer'.. Yeast Tablets
  qualifies your list for first prize of $750. A two
  package order qualifies you for $1500. But if
  you have ordered five $1.00 packages and your
  list is largest and nearest correct, 70u win
  $5000. Study the Prize List.
-105 Prizes-
  Winning anawera will receive prizes aa follows:
  If no
  Reefer's
  Y rut
  Tablets
 If one
 Y east
if two.	irn**
  II pk*s.	**l i>hra.
  Rnef.fr a	Reefer a
Yeast	T-
 1 at prize
 2nd prize
 3rd prize
 4th prize
 Sth prize
 (til to 55th prim, tick
 56th lo 105th prim, each
 $50 $750 $1500 $5000
375
200
125
75
4
2
750
400
250
150
8
4
2500
1250
600
400
25
10
Observe These Roles
  1.	The run teat l» open to every man. woman, elrl or boy llrlnir In America.
  **‘‘*l>t employeea OT relative*of employer* of fe. J. Reefer. 9th and Spruce
  dta T&er* Is no entrance fee of any kind.
  2.	You mu at m»e only one aid* of pauer.
                ortfcf-1 Z,S. et«- Ytju
 disqualified. If more tlian one list is aent by any croup or by any members
 of Uie -am« group who have co-operated In the preparation of aucb llata.
  obiecta In regular ordar-1 2. S. et<- r full n.»me an'd" addrenn must be
  written on e«ch pa«r in the upper rt«ht ham) t orner U*e a separate sheet
  r£mc°and rufftl'L!'*1’ *° *	of 'oar ><•< «*f names and your
  3 Kn*H.h wool.. only will *>e accepted an they appear In the Enellah
  dictionary. Obsolete word« w.ll o->t be counted. Both the alniruiar and th*
  plural of a word, will not count; either one of them may be used.
  4.	Compound* or word* whfc*. we made up of two or more complete En-
  *Uab word* cannot be used.
  5.	The same qpeMlnit of a vurd will be counted onlf once even thoueh U
  Is u<*0 foe c'llTrreri t art!or objects. or parts of them. Each article or
  oolect can be atvenonly under one mime.
  ». Two or more people may co-operate In anawerln* the puaile. How-
  ever only oo* prise »UI be irfven t.» anyone hou.ehol.l No pri*e* will be
  warded tp more than one of ant combination outside of the family wh#r* a
  ter—two or more—have worked together.
      If a conteetant aenda more than
      d name, or a pr*.married name.
  Lbpvr.trM /Ml. 6y K. J. H-f.r
   then all Data of each contestants will be disqualified^
   1. All answer* must be receive/ “• **
   J Spruce Streets. Fhlladel
 ill be disqualified. _
 rd throuirh the mail by E J. Reefer. Vth
 •'s.. and muat be poat-marked by Poat
  *. All answer* I
  and Spruce Street*.
  • f*The "tostprili w^lVc* a warded for the answer containing the lar*eat
  and most neorly correct list of the namea of visible objects and artlclos ne-
  cinnlnv with "S” shown In the picture. No other consideration. aucb aa
  neatness^ stylo or handwriting will have any bea ‘In* In making the declalon.
  10.	The full amount of any of the prliea will be awarded to each con*
  testant In the event of a lie.
  11.	The decision will be made by three judge* entirely Independent of
  and bavin* no connection with E. J. Reefer. They will Judge the rn
  submitted and and awar '	.....
     e contest ea
 miHm WIUI (I. J . nerif r. i nr J win
 award the prises at the end of the .’onleat. Participation
 ■ with It the acceptance of the declalon of the judge*
  and bavin* no connection with*E, / Reefer
  Eibmltted and and award the prises at the •
  I the ronteat carries with It tbs acceptance
  as final and cooclualve.
  12. All anawera will receive full consideration whether or not ' Keefer *
  least Tablet*" ia purchased At the cloae of the contest, when all llata
  have be»n irraded the name* of the prlre winners will be anoounced and the
  list of word* will he aent upon request to any participant who eeods aa •
  etampej. addreaaed eovalope.
-