BEGINS IN
THIS ISSUE

AT HIS MERCY

FOR may

Single Copies. 10c. ffJBTABBffWE By Hie Year, Sl.00
Missing Page: Inside Front Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
I'HE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Music
Lessons Free

IN YOUR OWN HOME.

   A wonderful offer to every lover of music whether
 a beginner or an advanced player.

   Ninety-six lessons (or a less number, if you desire)
 for either Piano, Organ, Violin, Guitar, Banjo,
 Cornet, Sight Singing, or Mandolin will be given free
 to make our home study courses for these instru-
 ments known in your locality. You will get one
 lesson weekly, and your only expense during the
 time you take the lessons will be the cost of postage
 and the music you use, which is small. Write at
 once. It will mean much to you to get our free
 booklet. It will place you under no obligation what-
 ever to us if you never write again. You and your
 friends should know of this work. Hundreds of our
 pupils write : “ Wish I had known of your school
 before.” “Have learned more in one term in my
 home with your weekly lessons than in three terms
 with private teachers, and at a great deal less ex-
 pense.” “ Everything is so thorough and complete.”
 "The lessons are marvels of simplicity, and my n
 year old boy has not had the least trouble to learn.”
 One minister writes: “As each succeeding lesson
 comes I am more and more fully persuaded I made
 no mistake in becoming your pupil.”

   Established 1898—have thousands of pupil9 from
 seven years of age to seventy.

   Don’t say you cannot learn music till you send for
 our free booklet and tuition offer. It will be sent by
 return mail free. Address U. S. SCHOOL OE
 MUSIC, Box 1, 225 Fifth Ave., New York City.

 LEARN

TO WRITE

ADVERTISEMENTS

                                      Tan phi by Mull ■
                                      Thoroughly.

                                             Taught by the founder
                                             I of the original school.
                                             Taught in an expert
                                             manner, enabling you
                                             to earn expert salary.
                                             Twelve years’ success
                                             and hundreds of suc-
                                             cessful graduates.

                                             I Large prospectus free
                                             Ion request.

 PAQE-DAVIS SCHOOL. Office 541, Page Bldg., Chicago

 I MADE $24004“

 IN ABOUT 2 MONTHS’

 writes one man a few months after becoming my
 representative in my big CO-OPERATIVE REAL ESTATE
 BUSINESS. No experience necessary; this man had
 none. I will teach you the business by mail and
 appoint you my Special Representative. You can
 work all or part of the time. A splendid opportu
 nity for men without capital to become independ-
 ent. Let me explain my offer and send you my

 HERBERT HURD, Pres , Cray Realty Co., 120 Reliance Bldc.

 FREE BOOK.

 Kansas City, Mo.

LEARN PLUMBING

 A trade that will make you independent for
 Hours Shorter—Pay Bigger—Demand Greater than
 any other trade. You need no previous experi-
 ence. Our practical methods enable you In aisw
 months to hold position as skilled plumber or
 conduct your own business. Catalog sent free.

St. Louis Trades School

4422 Olive St.	St. Louis, Mo.

 BIG

 PAY

SHORT

HOURS

Hair Like This

 171? 1717 Let me send you a
 *	remarkable treat-

 ment for Baldness, Eandruff,
 Gray Hair, etc., at my own ex-
 pense. It will surprise and
 delight you.

Write to-day to
Wl. ( Mas. K8RSB, PraUnt,

      LOIIII 1*1 ICIl I ST I TUT I1'
  Dtpta 2532,	llultimore, Md.

GREATEST

HISTORY OFFER

 COMPLETE SET SENT
 TO YOUR HOME
 FREE

 JUST SIGN AND MAIL
 THE COUPON
 NOW

SENT FOR FREE EXAMINATION
You keep Entire Work by paying 50c down

UNION BOOK |> a fV C* f

company JP

 HERE IS THE GREATEST OPPORTUNITY EVER OFFERED OUR
 READERS—an opportunity to secure at less than half price
 these fifteen beautifully bound volumes of the Library
 of Universal History. This is a brand new, handsome
 edition, ail printed from large new type, embellished with
 over 100 double page maps and plans, 700 full page
 illustrations, many of which are in colors, and more than
 5,000 pages of solid reading matter, beautifully written.

     The failure of the publishers, the Inion Kook Co., of I'hh-ago, enables
  UR to make thin offer. Hundreds of sets of this splendid work have been
  sold for $80, but we now name yon a rock-bottom, bankrupt price of
  only 60 cents after examination in your own home, and $2.00 a mouth
  for 14 months. Only $28.50 for this elegant library. We must close out
  the few remaiuiug sets quickly

     We don’t want you to buy this work until yon the It a thorough
  examination In your own home. We send you the books themselves—not
  misleading sample pages. You see with your own eyes just what the
  books are. You examine them In the privacy of your own home. We
  pay the transportation rhirtn. There is nothing for you to pay. If you
  don’t want the work after the examination is ended, just let us know
  and we will tell you how to ship them back to us at our expense. We
  show you these books as willingly as we would show them to you if you
  came iuto our store. And we niaUe it easier because we ship the books
  to your own home

  We want you toslt down in your own home and read these Itooks. Keep
  them for a week. Begin ai the dawn of civilization ami tread the paths
  down to the hour in which you live. And see in passing the men .ind
  events as you would have seen them >f you in person bad lived through all
  the ages that have passed. The splendid work should be in every home.
  The errors of the past teach a vital lesson. Thev are the danger signals
  along the pathway of progress. History foretells destiny. The same
  forces which caused the dow nfull of the “ glory that was Greece and the
  grandeur that was Rome ” are at work In America today. You should
  know them—vour children should know them. Send the coupon and
  take advantage of this greatest offer ever made—this biggest opportunity
  to put a great historical work into your home.

    The late Kx-Vresident Cleveland said: “I am sure this
 history will find an important place among the publications intended to
 give wider familiarity with historical literature.”

    Dr. Frank IF. Gunsanlus, President of Armour In-
 stitute of Technology,says: “It is a work of rare genius. Us
 thought Is clear and vigorous, Its Knglish pure and elegant.”

SEND NO MONEY

 THIS COUPON BEINGS THE
 BOOKS TO YOUR HOME FREE
 Just, send us the coupon—that, is
 all you need do. We don’t want you to
 send any money. The books will be sent to
 your home, transportation charges prepaid. We advise
 you to send the coupon today, for certainly hundreds
 will take advantage of this extraordinary offer.

  Send now. Remem^r, ^ free examination for a *
  week—books returnable at our expense if you jSP ^
  do not wish to keep them. If you do wish to	.©

 keep them, pay only 50 cents down and then a '»	^

  only $2 a month for 14 months. Send the
  coupon today. You should see these

books anyway.	•"

          oVV^>‘ "

/vv>

 AMERICAN

 UNDERWRITERS

 CORPORATION

  240 Wabash Avenue
  Dept. 1335
  CHICAGO

“Wo'5*

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Akoost.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

3 Years to Pay

for the celebrated

Meister

PIANO

$1 Weekly or $5 a Month

No cash payment down. No interest.

No freight charges. No extras.

30DaysFreeTrial

   In Your Own Home
   and WePay theFreight

We want you to sample this piano for a month
to convince you that it is the best piano in the
world at $175. We guarantee a saving of $100 or
more on each instrument. Rothschild 10 year
guarantee bond with each piano.

We don’t want a cent from you until you are
satisfied. It you don’t want the piano we will
send for it.

We own the Meister Piano Co. outrisht, and
instead of paying 30% to 40% commission to
agents, we	. .

Sell Direct from Factory to You

Send now for the Meister Piano Book. It’s
FREE. It shows all grades of Meisters, $175.00,
$225.00, $255.00 and $285.00. Beautifully done
in colors. A postal card will bring it.

ROTHSCHILD & COMPANY

245 State Street, Chicago, III.

Fofl

COMFOFLT
AND EaSB

Trer

Shur-ondZL

Remember the name

rjMIEY are a surprise to those who have

   neglected their eyesight through fear of
   “Eyeglassdisfigurement.” Comfortable
   too, holding securely with a soft, easy grip in
   a position that is always optically correct.

          At the best opticians everywhere.

        Write for our 171? IT 17
        handsome book t f\r.r.

which explains how the finest lenses may be ruined
by ill fitting frames and mountings.

E. KlltSTKIY 80X8 CO.

Dept. X

Rochester, X. V.

    KstsillltslK-ll 1WGI

*• Gooper'S •*

SpnnqNeedleUN 1 DER>WEAR*

                111 h&vc to try some 0

try some °f these

   A wise decision and one which every discrim-
   inating man makes once he has ex-
   amined the genuine Cooper’s. You
   should wear Cooper’s—it is the un-
   derwear of character and quality.

   UNION SUITS AND TWO-PIECE SUITS

AM, SIZES AND COLORS

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

ALWAYS the GREATEST
in the World. TODAY the
CHEAPEST in the World

$1.00 Secures the Set

Sent Free for Examination

A Home University
A College Education
A Huge Library

Webster’s New $8.50 Encyclopedic Dictionary FREE
with each of the first hundred orders

Tremendous Price Reduction —an overwhelming bargain —an extraordinary HALF PRICE otter

MAGNIFICENT 1909 EDITION OF THE

New Americanized Encyclopedia

FIRST IN WEALTH OF LEARNING, FIRST IN WEIGHT OF AUTHORITY, LATEST IN DATE OF PUBLICATION

Fifteen massive volumes, sumptuous binding, 10,000 double-column pages, 100 superb maps, 37,000
biographical references, hundreds of illustrations, colored plates of the rarest beauty.

   The King of AH Encyclopedias, at Prices Never Before Approached

     You have always meant to get an Encyclopedia—every intelligent man does. NOW IS THE TIME. The
 possession of this latest and greatest of all ENCYCLOPEDIAS puts you ten years ahead of your less enterpris-
 ing neighbor.

     Other books tell you about ONE thin£ ; this tells you EVERYTHING. It covers every phase of human
 knowledge, discovery, experience and belief. It records everv step in the stately march of human progress. It
 covers all epochs of literature, all forms of government, all systems of religion. All gallant deeds and stirring
 scenes, all victories of brain or brawn, all marvels of science and invention, all the glorious achievements that
 have made history luminous and civilization possible are found in theten thousand teeming pages of these
 splendid volumes. Can YOU afford to do without it ?

                       AlltVinr'itv The most brilliant thinkers of the century are enrolled as its con-
 1IS lviaicmess /\umoruy. tributors Its writers include such men of world-wide fame as
 Matthew Arnold, James Bryce, John Morlev, Andrew Lang, St. George Mivart, Canon Farrar,

 Edmund Gosse, John Stuart Blackie, Leslie Stephen, Edward Freeman, Lord Kelvin, Robertson
 Smith, Sir Norman Lockyer, Thorold Rogers, Saintsbury, Swinburne, Simon Newcomb, John
 Fiske, Cardinal Gibbons, John Bach McMaster, Admiral Melville, Thomas B. Reed, Carroll
 Wright; and these with hundreds of others equally famous give it an authority so overwhelm-
 ing, so incomparable that it reigns without a rival in the realm of scholarship.

 Snpfla I HI f P,*ipp Offpi. To emphasize the issue of the 1909 edition of this

 special nair rrice wrrer. magnifieent work we are 1,,a,kfn”,SFfor a limited

 time only a special introductory offer at just ONE-HALF the regular price. The cloth
 set we price at $37, the half morocco at $46. Moreover, with each of the first hundred

 orders to reach us we will send absolutely FREE Webster’s Huge New Encyclo- M riea8e Mnd for examin-
 pedic Dictionary, retailing regularly at $8.50. It is bound in Full Sheep, marbled M ation. prepaid, a complete set
 edges, gold stamped and indexed. This combination of the world’s most famous f of the Kew Americanized Enej-

......."	’	elopedia in half morocco binding

              at your Spkciai. Hai,k Prick offer
              _ of $46.00. If the Ret is satisfactory,

 Send No Mone\ Now	n}ail the attached coupon and m I agree to pay upon the purchaae price

                  "	* we will ship you a complete set for

 five days’ FREE examination. You can return them AT OUR EXPENSE
 if they fail to give you entire satisfaction. We pay all transportation
 charges. Should you desire to purchase, then send us $1.00 as first
 payment and pay the balance at the rate of $2.00 per month for the
 cloth and $2.50 per month for the half morocco.

       A.M.
       May ’09

      THE
  ROOKLOVERS
  SOCIETY
  156 Fifth Are.
  Kew York

 At these phenomenal prices, the introduc-

 Do Not Delay* tory sets vanish like magic. It is
 the opportunity of a life-time. Enrich your mind, adorn your
 library, delight your family with this stupendous work. Write

TO-DAY. Remember, No ’ ......

 chase only if satisfied.

      the sum of $1.00 in cash within five days
      after receipt of goods, ami $2.50 each
      month thereafter for eighteen months.
      Title to remain in The Booklovers Society
      until full purchase price has been paid. If the
      books are not satisfactory, I am to notify you
      promptly and hold them subject to your order.

        Also send me Webster** New Encyclopedic
  Dictionary, which I am to receive absolutely Frkk
  should 1 retain the set.

 risk! No obligation! You pur-

 Nanie..

 The Booklovers Society he^yor/city71

  Address..

If you prefer the cloth edition alter $46.00 to $37.00 and
$2.50 each month to $2.00.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Let Your Pennies Pay
for the Oliver
Typewriter

 Yes—just pennies.

 Seventeen a day.

 Simply save them.

 Then pay monthly.

 Keep it up for a few months.

 F irst thing you know, it’s your typewriter.

 Yours without effort or worry.

 For who misses a few cents a day!

 Scatter your pennies, nickels and dimes,
 and they accomplish nothing.

 Combine them and they work wonders.

 There’s a fascination in watching the
 multiplication of pennies, when saved, day
 by day, on this plan.

 One wonders where they all come from.

 They are a “by product” of business that
 never before had seemed to possess real
 value.

 Yet our 17-cents-a-day selling plan puts
 them in harness and makes them pull a
 $100 typewriter!

 Hundreds are now buying typewriters
 on this simple, practical plan.

 Some from necessity, but many because
 of the novelty of the idea.

 Men rated high in commercial reports—

 Others unknown to Dun and Bradstreet.

 Clerks—TelegraphOperators—Teachers
 —Stenographers—Students—Attorneys—

Physicians —W orkingmen—Children—all
classes.

   Buying with pennies the greatest type-
 writer on earth!

OLIVER .

Typewrittr’

The Standard. Visible Writer

   The mechanical marvel that introduced
 visible writing.

   The typewriter that started where others
 left off.

—And whose record has never been
equaled.

   The typewriter that is illuminated with
 its own brilliant innovations, and not with
 reflected light.

   That excels in speed—durability—work-
ing capacity—simplicity—versatility—con-
venience.

   Such is the splendid typewriter that pen-
 nies will buy for you.

A small cash payment puts you in pos-
session of the Oliver. It is yours to use
while you save and pay on the liberal, easy
terms. You can make it pay for itself—
and more—if you choose to do so.

   To thousands the Oliver Typewriter is
 the source of ample income.

   Its mastery opens to the ambitious a
vista of surprising possibilities.

   Oliver operators are in demand every-
 where. The services of experts command
 a premium.

   The merit of the machine—the novelty
and convenience of the new plan of sale—
challenge the attention of all who have use
for typewriters.

   Why not write a letter today to our Gen-
 eral Offices in Chicago for full particulars ?

 —Or consult with our nearest Agent in
 reference to the purchase of the Oliver ?

The Oliver Typewriter Company

45 Oliver Typewriter Building, Chicago

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you, mention The Abgosy.
THE ARGOSY

Vol. LX	MAY, 1909.	No. 2

THE TIME FOR ACTION.

  By CASPER CARSON,

   Author of “ In the Lap of Luxury,” “ When Reuben Came to Town,” etc.

                      What happened to call a halt in the career of
                      a spendthrift who was worthy of better things.

(COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE.)

CHAPTER I.

THE CIPHER TELEGRAM.

“ T) IG, Penny, Pugilist, Poke.”

  1 The station - agent at Shunton
Hills, who was also telegraph operator,
baggage-master, and general factotum,
finished' the transcription of the mes-
sage, added the signature, and craned
his neck out of the window.

  “ Hey, Harry,” he called to his son
and assistant, who was battling with a
pile of trunks down at the far end of
the platform, “where’s Tad?”

  “Gone shimming, I guess. Why?”
“ Oh, there’s a sort of gibberish mes-
sage here for Daniel G. Ramsey. Who’s
he, I wonder? ”

  “Ramsey? Why, that must be the
fellow who came in on the accommo-
dation this afternoon with his family
and all this baggage. They’ve taken the
old Sampson place for the summer, and
Billy Sampson told me he was a big
New York banker. What’s the message
about?” leaving his task and coming
forward.

  “ You can see for yourself.” He held
out the yellow sheet with a grin. “ It’s
all right, though; I repeated it, and got
back an O.K. from the other end.”
Harry glanced at the cryptic words
curiously. “ Why, that’s in cipher,” he
exclaimed, “ and maybe about something
mighty important. It ought to be de-
livered at once, dad.”

  “ Maybe so; but how is it going to
   1 A

be done, with Tad gone? Drat that
boy; he’s never around when 1 he is
wanted.”

  Harry hesitated a moment.

  “ Here,” he cried, “ let me have it.
I can jump on my wheel, and ride over
to Sampson’s and back in less than no
time. Besides, 1 am very strongly of
the opinion that Ramsey would rather
wait for his trunks than for this.”

  As -he spoke, he snatched the flutter-
ing telegram from his father’s hand,
crammed it into an envelope, and, leap-
ing on a bicycle which stood against the
end of the station, was pedaling away,
a moment later, down the dusty country
road.

  The station-agent, shaking his head
as though deprecating the waste of so
much energy upon a mere supposition,
returned slowly to his cushioned chair
and resumed the nap interrupted by the
clicking of his instrument.

  He was not an imaginative nor an
energetic man himself, this Benjamin
Rock. Perhaps, if he had been en-
dowed with so much of either quality
as was possessed by his son Harry, he
would' not have been content to round
out his days as agent at the little in-
significant mountain station of Shunton
Hills.

  It was not entirely excess of vim,
however, which had rendered young
Rock so ready to undertake extra duty,
nor, for that matter, the possible impor-
tance of the message, either.

193
194

THE ARGOSY.

  To tell the truth, he had caught a
fleeting glimpse of a smashingly pretty
girl in the party which had alighted
from the accommodation that afternoon
—a dark, Spanish-like little beauty, with
a ravishing smile and cheeks whose color
was like the blush on a nectarine; and
what young man of eighteen would not
have been willing to drop his work and
go chasing off 011 a mile and a half spin
for the chance of a closer look at a di-
vinity like that?

  Fortune favored him, moreover, 011
his quest; for, as he turned in at the
old Sampson place and wheeled smartly
up the driveway leading to the house,
he could see the midnight maiden on
the veranda, engaged with one of her
brothers in putting up a hammock.

  They were having trouble with one of
the hooks, and were both gazing rather
ruefully at the result of their bungling
efforts when Harry came up the steps.

  He saw what was the difficulty in an
instant.

  “ Here,” he cried impulsively, “ let
me fix that for you.”

  And in almost less time than it takes
to tell it, he had the trouble adjusted
and the refractory hook hanging nicely.

  “ Oh, thank you,” smiled the girl
gratefully. “ That was awfully clever
of you.”

  Harry blushed as though he had been
caught stealing sheep.

  “You—you are Miss Ramsey?” he
stammered.

  She looked a trifle surprised.

  “ Yes; I am Anita Ramsey,” she an-
swered. “ Did you want to see me?”

  “ Yes, ma’am—<er—that is, no ma’am

—	I should-say—”

  He ceased to struggle longer with his
embarrassment, and, for explanation,
merely fished the telegram out of his
pocket and extended it to her without
a word.

  “ Oh,” she said, glancing at the super-
scription, “ this is not for me. This is
for my father. Wait a minute, and I
will call him.”

  A moment later the president of the
New York Thirty - Fourth National
came striding out on the porch, the open
message in his hand and his face like
a thundercloud.

  Harrv Rock had made no mistake, it

seemed, when he ventured the suggestion
that “ Pig, Penny, Pugilist, Poke,”
might veil a communication of consider-
able importance. As a matter of fact,
it was nothing less than an intimation to
the financier that a cabal of his enemies,
taking advantage of his absence upon
his summer vacation, were about to
spring a well-planned coup to wrest
from him the control of the powerful
institution which he headed.

   So fully were their designs perfected,
indeed, that unless he were able to con-
front them on the. morrow, and by some
measure turn the tide, it was practically
certain that he would be dethroned.

  But Daniel G. Ramsey was a fighter,
and, even as he hurried out upon the
porch, a scheme was formulating in his
mind whereby to circumvent the “ gang.”
“ You are from the station, are you
not ? ” he inquired bruskly of young
Rock. “ Tell me, what time does the
next train leave for New York?”

  “ Eight forty-five to-morrow morning,
sir.”

  “ Eight forty-five to-morrow morn-
ing ! ” the other gasped. “ Do you mean
to tell me there are no more trains over
this road this afternoon or to-night ? ”

  “ Oh, yes, sir—plenty of them; but
they are express-trains. Only the ac-
commodations stop at Shunton Hills,
two a day each way.”

  “ But surely one of the expresses
could be flagged ? ”

  “ I don’t know about that, sir. You’d
have to ask my father, the station-agent.
I’ve never known of it being done be-
fore, though.”

  “ Well, it’s going to be done now,”
asserted Ramsey decisively. “ What
time does the next express go through ? ”
“ The limited, at five-sixteen.”

  “ Five-sixteen.” The banker snapped
open his watch. “ Thunderation, 1 shall
have to race to catch it! ”

  He started toward a buckboard,
which, fortunately, was already hitched
up and standing under a tree beside the
drive.

   “ George,” he called to his son. “ run
in the house and bring out my suit-case.
Anita, you can come with me and drive
the rig home.”

  And as Harry Rock wheeled more
slowly back to the station, the buck-
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

195

board passed him in a cloud of dust, the
horse in a lather of foam as its master
vigorously laid on the whip.

  “ Gosh! it must be fun,” commented
the countryman enviously, “ to get your
blood all stirred up like that, because
something has got to be done in a rush.'
Out here in this dead-and-alive old hole,
it doesn’t generally make much differ-
ence whether a thing is attended to now
or week after next.”

  Yet, when he reached the station, and
found the banker wrangling with his
father, he could hardly have believed,
in strict truth, that Ramsey was greatly
enjoying himself.

  The sweat stood out on the city man’s
brow, he was gesticulating fiercely, and
the remarks in which he indulged were
more forcible than polite.

  Mr. Rock, however, remained placid
and unmoved. He was one of those
featlier-pillow men upon whom it is al-
most impossible to make an impression,
and to his slow brain the idea of flag-
ging the limited was almost as scandal-
ous a suggestion as to propose a revision
of the ten commandments.

  “ No, sir,” he asserted tranquilly,
heedless alike of threats, expostulation,
bribes, and entreaty; “it can’t be done.
Of course, I can wire in to headquarters
for permission to stop her, if you say
so; but I don’t believe it would be
granted, and, anyhow, there ain’t hardly
time to do it now. She’ll be along here
in twenty minutes.”

  Anita Ramsey did not, of course,
know the exact nature of the trouble
which confronted her father; but she
could see, from his wrought-up and ex-
cited demeanor, that it was serious, and
that he considered it almost a life and
death matter to catch this train.

  Consequently, when the bright-faced
fellow who had so adroitly fixed her
hammock joined their little group, she
turned to him in eager appeal.

 “Can’t you do something?” she
whispered, coaxing him with her dark
eyes. “ I know you can, if you only
will.”

  He shook his head.

  “ I don’t think so,” regretfully.

“ You see, it’s a pretty serious thing to
hold the limited, and my father’d lose
his job sure if— Or, stop a minute,”

a sudden idea coming to him under the
inspiration of her glance. “ By George,
I’ll stop her for you! ” he exclaimed.

  As he spoke he hurried off down the
platform and, pausing only to snatch up
an ax from the baggage-room, quickly
disappeared along the track.

  A minute or so later, there came
sounds of lusty chopping from the di-
rection in which he had gone; but the
wrangling, disputatious men upon the
platform paid no heed, and Anita could
only listen and wonder.

  Presently, however, there came a loud
crackling, followed by a tremendous
crash; and as Ramsey and the agent,
startled by the noise, faced sharply
about, Harry reappeared around the
curve below the station, shouting and
waving his arms. -

  “ Hey, dad,” he called, “ I was chop-
ping down that big dead tree along the
right of way, that you told me to get
rid of yesterday, and it fell square
across the track. You’ll have to flag
the limited! ”

CHAPTER II.

GETTING A START.

  Neither the caustic remarks of his
father nor the swearing of the delayed
trainmen served to abate young Rock’s
satisfaction over the success of his ex-
ploit. Indeed, the harsh and bitter
words flung in his direction slid off him
like the proverbial water from a duck’s
back; for Mr. Ramsey, apprized by his
daughter of the true reason for the acci-
dent, had laid a grateful hand upon his
shoulder before boarding the halted
train, and said:

  *“ I.’ve not time to talk to you now,
my boy; but you can rest assured that
I’ll not forget your work this day, and
when I get nack from the city I shall
take occasion to have a more extended
chat with you.”

  Anita’s eyes, too, with their beaming
glances of admiration, gave him his re-
ward ; so that he worked away uncon-
cernedly to help clear the line, indiffer-
ent to the black looks so freely showered
upon him by the railroad people.

  That night, after supper, however,
when his father started in afresh with
196

THE ARGOS V.

 the observation that Abe Dorsey, the
 conductor of the limited, 'had said, if
 it was his boy who had played such a
 trick, he’d fairly skin the young whelp
 alive, Harry began to wax impatient.

   “ Well,”' he rejoined defiantly, “ I
 guess I’d sooner stand in with Mr. Ram-
 sey than with old Abe Dorsey, even if
 he does act like he was lord of all crea-
 tion in that blue suit and brass buttons
 of his.”

   The elder Rock glared at him with
 suddenly confirmed suspicions.

   “So,” he snorted, “you really did it
 011 purpose, and to help out that stuck-
 up New Yorker who was pitching into
 'your own father for all lie was worth.
 I should think you’d be ashamed of
 yourself, Harry.

   “ And now you think, 1 suppose, that
 he’s going to make it up to you some
 way?” he went on jeeringly. “Well,
 you’ll find yourself good and mistaken,
 if I know anything. That kind is
 mighty free with their promises and soft
 sawder, until they get what they want,
 and then, I’ve noticed, they’re always
 too busy to see you.”

   But his sneering croak failed to si-
 lence the song of elation in Harry’s
 heart, or to dispel the ambitious dreams
 aroused by the banker’s parting words,
 and the sequel showed that young Rock’s
 faith had not been misplaced.

  When Ramsey returned from New
 York, his enemies routed, and his control
 of the Thirty-Fourth National reestab-
 lished more firmly than ever, he sought
 an early interview with the lad who had
 rendered him such signal service, and,
 learning during the course of the conver-
 sation that the country boy’s chief yearn-
 ing was for a wider horizon and a chance
 to make something of himself in >he
 world, ended by offering him a position
 in the bank.

   No small mark of Daniel Ramsey’s ap-
 preciation was this, either, if the Shunton
 Hills folk had only known it; for there
 were many sons of rich men waiting and
 eager to accept even the most minor post
 in the Thirty-Fourth National, in order
 to learn financiering under the tutelage of
 its capable president.

   Yet, so carefully were the qualifica-
 tions and characters of the various appli-
 cants scrutinized that to land a job there

was in effect a certificate of exceptional
merit and ability.

  Nor, for that matter, was Shunton
Hills at all disposed to stick its tongue
in its cheek. Hitherto, it must be con-
fessed, the community had rather regard-
ed Harry as a “ Smart Aleck,” because
of his readiness to criticize their slow-
going village ways; but when it became
noised abroad that he was “ goin’ to Noo
York with that there rich banker what’s
took the old Sampson place,” public sen-
timent showed . a marked reversal, and
there were not wanting those who
averred they had always prophesied
“ somep’n good fer so sprv a voung fel-
ler.”

  Benjamin Rock, it is true, predicted
disaster as he shuffled about in his run-
down, old carpet slippers, and wondered A
fretfully why Harry couldn’t be content
to let well enough alone.

  “ Why, that boy is making eight dol-
lars a month and his board,” he grumbled
to his wife, “ and I was calculating to
give him a dollar more next year if busi-
ness picks up. You’d think he ought to
be satisfied with that, wouldn’t you, in-
stead of chasing oif to break himself
down with the hard work they put on
those fellows in the city banks? Besides,
it’s going to be pretty rough on me, for
I declare 1 don’t know where 1 can find
a helper worth his salt among the worth-
less cubs around here, and the result will
be I’ll have to do the work myself.

  “ However,” with a shrewd nod, “ I
guess it’ll not be long before he comes
sneaking back home again. He won’t
realize what a snap he’s had until after
he’s left it for a while. The best way to
deal with headstrong young colts like
that is to give them their own way and
let them run for a time. After a bit
they’re glad enough to settle down to a
steady trot.”

  Harry, however, did not “ come sneak-
ing back home,” except for an occasional
brief visit, and neither did he break down
under the strain of his new duties.

  On the contrary, he “ made good ” ;
for, although he speedily discovered that
a position in a city bank is far from being
a sinecure, he was working in an atmos-
phere which suited him, intimate in a way
with large transactions, and having his
imagination stimulated and inspired
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

197

every day by the magnitude of the pos-
sibilities offered to ambition by the great
metropolis.

  Moreover, Mr. Ramsey did not lose
sight of him, but, having taken a strong
fancy to the quick-witted, energetic
young fellow, watched over his progress,
and advanced him as fast as conditions
permitted.

  He also not infrequently invited the
lonely country lad to his house for a
Sunday dinner, or on some similar occa-
sion; for there was not a trace of snob-
bishness in Ramsey’s composition, and he
believed thoroughly in the good, old-
fashioned idea of an employer keeping in
touch with his help.

  And after one of these visits Harry
Rock would return to his dingy little
hall-room on the fourth floor back of a
boarding-house, and, stretched out upon
its narrow cot, would dream of the time
when lie, too, should be a rich and pow-
erful banker, living in a palatial mansion
filled with all sorts of beautiful things.

  In these ambitious visions there was
also another character always introduced
—a sprightly lady who appeared to be
the mistress of this home, and whose hair
was dark, and her eyes sparkling, while
the color in her cheeks was like the ripe
blush on the side of a nectarine.

  For, although he had seen many beau-
tiful women since coming to New York,
and had met some of them as he began
to go about more in a social way, he had
never once faltered in his opinion reached
the first time he had ever seen her, that
Anita Ramsey was the most beautiful,
exquisite, fascinating, and wholly desira-
ble creature who ever breathed the breath
of life.

  So he would go on building his airy
castles in Spain, and installing her in
them to do the honors, until—suddenly
the alarm-clock would go rattling off
beside his ear, and he would start awake
to realize that a trial balance was waiting
to be struck off down at the bank, and
that as yet his income was hardly suffi-
cient to maintain himself.

  However, that state of affairs did not
last long. With his successive promo-
tions, each accompanied by a substantial
raise in salary, Rock was presently able
to live comfortably, to send something
home to his mother, and even to lay aside

certain sums—small at first, but gradual-
ly increasing in size—as a nucleus for
that fortune he intended some day pos-
sessing.

  Under Mr. Ramsey’s advice, too, he
invested his savings, when they grew
large enough—invested them so judi-
ciously that by the time he was twenty-
five and had become the paying-teller of
the bank his personal account at the insti-
tution was one by no means to be sneezed
at.

  His habits remained economical,
though, and he indulged in no splurging.
His one idea was to become a master in
the world of finance, and some day to
win Anita Ramsey for his wife. Toward
that goal he concentrated all his ener-
gies.

  Anita, who was now twenty - three,
had been abroad for the last two years,
finishing up her education by a round of
travel; but Harry could see no difference
in her when she returned, except that she
was, if anything, lovelier than ever. She
greeted him with the old, frank friendli-
ness, and seemed to be fully as interested
in his plans and his career as ever; but
he noticed that she spoke a good deal of
a certain Mr. Arthur Corning, whom she
had met on the other side, and who had
paid her a good deal of attention on the
score of having been at college with her
brother George.

   This Mr. Corning, he also learned, had
inherited considerable money from his
'father, but, not content to live a life
solely of leisure, was shortly coming to
New York to engage in business, and
had signified his intention of opening
an office on Wall Street.

   In due time, accordingly, he arrived,
and was introduced to Rock at Miss Ram-
sey’s one evening. The country boy—for,
despite his long residence in the city, a
good deal of hayseed still clung to the
paying-teller’s hair—thought him the
most interesting man he had ever met,
fluent, polished, magnetic, graceful, and
wras deeply flattered when, upon leaving
the house, the newcomer hooked an arm
within his elbow and took him for quite
a long walk, ending up with a charm-
ing little supper at one of the swell
restaurants.

   But that painfully gathered bank ac-
count, if it had any prophetic instinct
198

THE ARGOSY.

whatever, must have shuddered and
grown pale at the thought of that meet-
ing.

CHAPTER III.

RIOTOUS LIVING.

  After that, whenever Harry Rock
called at the Ramsey’s he was almost cer-
tain to find young Corning ensconced in
the drawing-room.

  In some subtle way, too, he would be
made conscious of the old adage that
“ two is company, and three a crowd.”
and presently, flushing with embarrass-
ment, he would awkwardly withdraw to
spend the remainder of the evening with
Daniel G. in the library, or playing back-
gammon with sweet-faced, gentle Mrs.
Ramsey 111 her private sitting-room.

  Generally, though, when lie would
start to go out lie would be hailed by
Corning with the injunction to “ wait a
minute ”; and after a while the other
would join him at the front door, and
they would go out for a season of fun
and frolic about the big town.

  Usually young George Ramsey would
form one of the party, and perhaps two
or three other “ good fellows ” would be
added; so that, since Harry was un-
willing to let Corning do all the spend-
ing without making some return, the ex-
pense footed up considerably, and he was
a little worried at times to observe that
his bank account did not grow as fast as
formerly.

  Nevertheless, he solaced himself with
Coming’s favorite phrase about all work
and 110 play making Jack a dull boy. and
although he made one or two spasmodic
efforts at retrenchment, they were futile
and short-lived.

  He had got into the habit of seeking
amusement at the places of gay resort,
you see; and there is nothing so hard to
"break off as a habit, even though it be
only as to which stocking one puts on
first in the morning.

  Nor was it only 011 the nights that lie
happened to meet Corning at Mr. Ram-
sey’s that Harry now went out. In fact,
he rather neglected the Ramseys a bit;
for whenever the “ crowd ” gathered,
there was always a proposal of some kind
for the next evening, and Harry was get-

ting so he could not bear to miss any fun
that was going.

  Finally one night, when everybody had
been wondering what could be keeping
Corning away, that gentleman appeared
late, but in a flush of high spirits, and
rapturously announced that he was en-
gaged to Anita Ramsey.

  For a moment it almost seemed to
Rock as though a bomb had been ex-
ploded under him. He saw all his
cherished dreams and hopes, his youthful
ambitions and his castles in the air go
crashing down in one fell overthrow of
destruction.

  How blind, how imbecile, he had been
not to realize before what was in the
wind!

  He pulled himself together somehow,
however, and managed to extend his con-
gratulations with the rest; but he excused
himself very shortly afterward 011 the
plea of having a headache—heartache
would have been more truthful—and for
three nights absented himself from the
assemblages.

  He could not blame any one, though,
he told himself. No man could fail to
be enslaved by the beauty and charm of
Anita Ramsey; and it was certainly by
no means wonderful that she should
prefer a dashing, attractive suitor like
Corning to such a dull and uncouth
fellow as himself. Heaven be thanked,
he muttered, that he had never let her
know the silly hopes he entertained!

  For three days, as has been said, he
nursed his wounds in solitude; then, as
he began to look at the matter in a more
philosophical light, although the smart
still endured, the force of habit reasserted
itself, and he began to yearn for his
customary evenings of excitement.

  Accordingly, he went out and hunted
up the “ gang,” with the result that very
shortly lie was back in the full swing of
his frivolity, more madly and merrily
than ever.

  With this difference, however, that
whereas before he had simply refrained
from adding to his bank account, he now
dipped deep into the hoarded store.

  The object was gone, as it seemed to
him, for which he had been saving and
planning. Of what use, then, was the
money except to give him a good time?

  Yet. it must not be understood that
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

199

there was anything inherently wrong in
this period of wild oats sowing on the
part of Rock. He was a more than ordi-
narily clean - minded young fellow, and
he rigidly frowned upon any suggested
diversions which touched upon absolute
evil. \

  No, at the worst, his dissipations were
merely idle pleasure-seeking, and in an-
other type of man might not have been
considered even blameworthy; but it was
because he was of finer metal and of
greater capabilities than his roistering
companions that his conduct must be
judged reprehensible.

  He attended to business as faithfully
as ever; his handling of the bank’s funds
was as straight as a string; there was
nothing in his behavior upon which his
employers could justly have laid a finger
of criticism. Yet he was spending more
money than he earned; and that is al-
ways dangerous.

  Yes, it certainly cost money to travel
•in Arthur Coming’s crowd, and Rock
made it fly as fast as any of them, al-
though it must be confessed that even
he failed to equal the lavish prodigality
of Corning himself.

  For, despite his engagement, the
young Wall Street man continued as the
leader, the life and soul of their little
coterie. The prospect of his new re-
sponsibilities, instead of causing him to>
settle down, actually seemed to render
him more wild and reckless than before.

  This, too, notwithstanding the fact, as
Rock had heard whispered about down-
town, that his free expenditure, coupled
with some crippling business losses he
had sustained as a result of his inex-
perience at the Wall Street game, had
seriously impaired his fortune.

  Still, that did not make any especial
difference, thought Harry; Anita un-
doubtedly had enough for two. And,
in all probability, Corning consoled
himself with the same reflection.

  It was this suggestion, however, which
first turned the bank-clerk a little against
his brilliant friend. The sturdy country
boy who had made his own way could
not help feeling a certain contempt for
a chap who, having wasted his own
patrimony, would be content to sponge
upon his wife for the remainder of his
days!

  There were other things, too, in
Coming’s deportment which of late had
caused him somewhat to temper his
former unqualified admiration. Nothing
very tangible, it^is true, consisting most-
ly in the adoption of a somewhat coarser
and “ sportier ” habit of speech, and the
occasional introduction into their circle
of more or less questionable acquaint-
ances ; but, unimportant as these trifles
were, they formed for Harry a “ fly in
the ointment pot,” and the rift between
the two men was gradually growing
wider.

  Matters stood about in this shape
when young George Ramsey came bus-
tling into Rock’s rooms one evening
just about dinner-time, his face all
aquiver with excitement.

  “ Gee,” he exclaimed, throwing him-
self into a chair, “ but we have been
having a royal old muss up at the
house! ”	&

  Harry glanced up with unfeigned
surprise. The idea of a “ muss ” at the
well-ordered Ramsey home, where every-
thing appeared to run upon oiled wheels,
seemed almost a contradiction in terms.

■ “Yes, we have certainly been having
a merry session,” went on George, con-
senting to explain. “ You see, the old
man dropped on to Corning pretty hard
some weeks ago, and put the question up
to me as to just what sort of fellow
he was.

  “ Well, of course, I stood up for Ar-
thur, not only because he is a friend of
mine, but also—” He hesitated. “ Well,
because he is negotiating some business
matters for me which I don’t particular-
ly care to have the' old man find out
about—”

  “ You’re a fool,” broke in Harry se-
verely. “ What business have you got
that your father shouldn’t know. To
my mind, you’d do a great deal better
to consult him, and take his advice
whenever you have any transactions on
hand. I know it has been dollars and
cents in my pocket to heed what he has
to say.”

  “ OK, that’s all right,” rejoined
George. “ Another time I would prob-
ably go to him, but I am into this thing,
and, as I say, I didn’t especially want
him to get next. Besides, you' needn’t
preach,” blustering up a bit. “ I guess
200

THE ARGOS V.

you wouldn't care to let him know
where you get all the money you blow
so free, ^nd you’re not his son, either.’’

  Rock was silenced.

  “ Well,” he said less virtuously, “ you
defended Corning; and what then?”

  “ Oh, 1 staved matters off for a
while; but to-day the old man came
home all up in the air. He said that
lie had convinced himself that Corning
was a worthless, idle spendthrift, and,
worse than that, was not only an asso-
ciate of some of the shadiest characters
in the financial district, but was also
himself engaged in various concerns
which would not bear investigation.

‘ In short.’ he said. ‘ Mr. Arthur Cor-
ning, so far as I can find out, is in a
very fair way to land inside State’s
prison within a short time.’

  “ So, then, of course,” George pro-
ceeded, “ dad called Anita in and put
her wise to what he hq^ discovered, and
she insisted that Arthur be sent for, and
given an opportunity to answer the
charges. He was game, all right, and
he attempted to put up a terrible bluff
when she first explained what was want-
ed of him; but the old man held the
deadwood on him in the way of proof,
and in the end he had to come off his
perch and admit that about everything
they said was true.

  “ Then he pleaded desperately for
another chance, promised to reform, and
went through all sorts of stunts; but it
didn’t touch Anita any more than if she
had been a marble statue. She told him
that for some time past she had felt that
she had been mistaken in accepting him,
and that her regard for him was less
deep than she had thought; but that, in
any event, she could not dream of marry-
ing a man whom her father failed to
approve or whom she herself could not
respect. And with that, she handed
him his ring and walked out of the
room.”

  “ So the engagement is broken ? ” de-
manded Harry excitedly.

  “ Of course: off for good and all. I
know Sis, and when she takes a stand
of that sort,, she’s just like the old man.
An army of ten thousand men could not
force her to budge a hairbreadth.”

  Harry’s first feeling was one of dis-
tinct elation. The roseate dreams in

which he had formerly indulged, but
.which of late he had laid away, surged
up strong and fresh in his heart again.

   Anita was free! Free to be won by
 a man who could command her respect;
 and perhaps he had a chance!

   He had to turn away his face from
 his companion to hide what was show-
 ing too plainly in his eyes; but, even as
 he did so, a sickening recollection came
 over him as to the state of his bank-
 account. He had consulted the ledger
 that morning, and had found but forty
 dollars to his credit.

   How could he enter the lists when it
 would take him at least five years to
 save enough from his present salary to
 be in a position to propose? And how
 could he explain to her father what had
 become of the growing “ nest-egg ”
 which the latter had helped him to
 gather ?

  Oh, fool! fool! He had thrown
away his chance to win Anita Ramsey
through a round of silly extravagances!

CHAPTER IV.

OX DANGEROUS GROUND.

   For a long time after George Ramsey
 left him, Harry remained alone in his
 room, moodily gazing at the carpet.
 He had an engagement for dinner that
 evening, but it entirely slipped his
 mind. Somehow, he did not care to eat.

   Yet, scourge himself with bitter names
 as he would, and rack his brains until
 they fairly burst, he could hit upon no
 plan which offered any sort of solution
 to his problem.

   Without enough to provide for her,
 he would be nothing less than a cur
 to attempt to gain any woman’s love;
 and, even though Anita should be will-
 ing to overlook that and grant her con-
 sent, what could he say to her father
 when he asked for his?

   Would he not have to confess to Dan-
 iel G. that he had been no less of an
 “ idle, worthless spendthrift ” t\an Ar-
 thur Corning?

   In his desperation, his almost fren-
 zied search for some way of escape out
 of the coil in which he found himself
 caught, he even got down his old bank-
 books. and laboriously added up each
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

item, hoping against hope that he might
discover an error, or that in some way
he could make the figures lie.

  But it was, of course, a fruitless
effort. The result showed the same de-
pressing figures. His available cash as-
sets were an even forty dollars—not ac-
cent less and not a cent more.

  At last, while he still ruminated dole-
fully over the situation, there came a
knock on the door, and' when Harry
stepped over to open it, he was surprised
to find upon the threshold no one less
than the man who had played the part
of his evil genius, Corning himself.

  The latter was haggard and upset, his
eyes hollow and his hands trembling
slightly with nervousness; but he was
evidently trying to maintain his usual
debonair manner.

  “Ah, Harry,” he cried to the other
jauntily, “ this is. better luck than I ex-
pected to find you in.- Still, 1 had a
little stroke of business which I wanted
to talk to you about, so I thought I
would take a chance and run over.”
“Business?” repeated Harry, won-
dering what on earth the fellow could
have in his mind.

  “ Ves,” briskly. “ To come to the
point, 1 find myself unexpectedly hard
pressed for ready money. Sounds ridicu-
lous, doesn’t it; but, most annoyingly, it
happens to l>e the truth. Of course, I
could dispose of some of my securities
at a sacrifice; but I hate to do that for
the small sum I need. So I thought I
would see if you would not be willing
to loan me two thousand or twenty-five
hundred for a few days.”

  Rock laughed hollowly.

  “Twenty-five hundred!” he repeat-
ed. “ You may believe me or not. as
you choose. Corning, but 1 have been
just running through my bank-bank,
and 1 find 1 have but little more than
twenty-five dollars.”

  His tone and expression were such
that Corning could not doubt the sin-
cerity of the statement, and he, too,
pulled a long face over such a disap-
pointing check to his plans.

  “ By Jove,” he exclaimed irritably,

“ that is certainly tough luck with a
vengeance! And just when I have a
chance for a ‘killing’ which would
more than put me on my feet again!

    Isn’t there some way you can raise
the money for me, Rock?” he urged
eagerly. “ I’ll tell you. You raise five
thousand, and I’ll put you on to a way
of making a tidy bunch of money for
yourself.”

  “How is that?” questioned Harry,
not without a degree of interested curi-
osity.

  “ Why, you know Ed Spear, that Chi-
cago fellow 1 introduced you to up on
the roof-garden the other night. Well,
he is interested in horse-racing — of
‘course, merely as a sport, though, for
lie has slathers of money: and he has
tipped it off to me that there is a horse
going to run to-morrow which is sure
to have a good price against it, yet
which can’t possibly lose. As he says,
to put a bet down on this one is just
like finding the money.

  “ Now, if you can only raise five thou-
sand, we’ll go in together on the scheme,
twenty-five hundred apiece, and divide
the profits share and share alike. There
won’t be less than fifteen thousand dol-
lars in it for each of us. Spear says the
odds are bound to be as high as six to
one.”

  But, tempting as was the proposal,
Harry shook his head. When the other
had first suggested giving him a chance
to make some money, he had thought
reference was made to a legitimate bus-
iness deal, and the idea had occurred to
him that he might possibly obtain five
thousand dollars from Air. Ramsey. But
it would have to be a sanguine person
indeed who could imagine the president
of the Thirty-Fourth National as lending
assistance to. or even countenancing a
racing speculation, no matter how sure
the results promised.

  “ No,” said Harry -regretfully, “ I
couldn’t raise five thousand dollars for
any such purpose as that, if I had to be
hung for it.”

  “ Nonsense,” scoffed Corning. “ Do
you mean to tell me that you couldn’t
borrow it from the bank if you’d a mind
to?”

  “ Certainly 1 could. On good secu-
rity. But where the mischief am I to
get security for five thousand dollars?
That is the question.”

  “ Ah,” a shifty gleam showing in his
eye, “ but I was thinking of your bor-
202

THE ARGOSY.

rowing it without security. Look at the
thousands of dollars passing through
your hands every day. What’s to hinder
you from holding out enough for our
needs for a few hours? No one would
ever know; for you could return it be-
fore the bank opened in the morning,
and—”

  He broke off abruptly. Harry’s hor-
rified expression warned him that it
might not be safe to proceed, and* he
attempted to turn off the suggestion with
a laugh.

  “ Of course, I was only joking about
that,” he said; “ but, Lord, how I do
wish we could raise that money. Here
we have the chance of a lifetime; yet
we are compelled to pass it up simply
because we both happen to be tempo-
rarily strapped. Was there ever such
beastly luck?”

  He dropped his head into his hands,
and sat as though in earnest thought,
striving to ponder out some way of meet-
ing the exigency, when suddenly he
roused up, his eyes beaming.

  “ Why, to be sure! ” he cried.
“ Strange that I never thought of- -it
before. I can borrow the money from
Spear. Will you afgree to stand good
for half the loan if I make the touch?
It’s a mere formality, of course, for we
can hand him his five thousand as soon
as the race, is over.”

  Rock hesitated a moment; but finally
nodded assent, and said he would. How
he could ever pay back twenty-five hun-
dred dollars to Spear, if the horse should
happen to lose, he could not tell; but
Corning had assured him positively that
it must win, and then Spear himself,
who was a practical horseman, must evi-
dently think so, or he would not be
willing to advance the money on mere
personal security.

  Yes, he decided, he would be a fool
if he failed to embrace this opportunity
so providentially offered. Why, at one
stroke he would recoup all the money
he had squandered, and be once more
on Easy Street. On Easy Street, and
free to woo Anita!

  “ All right, then,” cried Corning.
“ I’ll go right down and telephone Spear,
and make sure he’ll stand for it. He’s
up at the Dorfwald, I guess.”

  And, as he spoke, Corning was out

the door, and half-way down the stairs.
Harry waited on pins and needles for
his return. At one moment, he was
scared to death lest Sp'ear should grant
the loan; the next, trembling with ap-
prehension for fear he should refuse.

  There was small need, however, for
'the anxious “Well?” with which he
greeted Coming’s reappearance; for the
latter’s jubilant face bore its own answer.

^ “ Oh, it’s all right,” he said, resuming
his seat. “ I knew it would be. Ed
Spear is one of the whitest boys that
ever stood on two feet. He says we
can have the five thousand and welcome,
and pay him back after the race, or
whenever we feel like it. But he says
that in his opinion five thousand won’t
be more than car fare to any of us after
that race is over.”

  “ That certainly sounds as though he
expected the. horse to win, doesn’t it ? ”
murmured Harry.

  “Win? Why, according to him, it’s
just the same as if there wasn’t any other
horse in the race. But I forgot to tell
you. Spear says that he’ll need all the
ready cash he has with him for the big
plunge he is going to take himself to-
morrow ; so, if he makes the loan to us,
he will have to get cashed a Chicago
draft, which he has wTith him, for six
thousand dollars, and he was a little
fearful that he might have some diffi-
culty in getting the money.

  “ I told him, though, that he needn’t
worry his head about that; if he came
down to the bank to-morrow morning,
you would probably cash it for him all
right. You will, won’t you?”

  “ Why, ye—es, I guess so,” faltered
Rock, scratching his head.

  Caution was whispering in his ear,
and urging him to refuse ; but stronger
sounded the voice of a rash optimism,
telling him to go in and win back his
money and Anita.

  “Yes,” he decided. “Tell him to
come around, and I’ll cash his draft for
him! ”

CHAPTER V.

WHAT HAPPENED TO A “ SURE THING.”’

   Rock took an afternoon off the follow-
ing day, and accompanied Corning and
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

203

Spear down to Sheepshead Bay. Never
could he have been content to stay in his
grille-work cage and perform the mo-
notonous round of his duties while a
contest of such importance to him was
being decided.

  Nor could he wait to hear the news by
ticker, or see it flashed out on the bulletin-
boards. He must be where he could see
the “ gee-gees ” go round with his own
eyes, aud know that his horse was a win-
ner the moment it passed under the wire.

  Before he left the bank, though, he
duly cashed Spear’s six-thousand-dollar
draft, counting out the crisp notes and
pushing them across the little glass
counter as calmly and perfunctorily as
though each one were not weighted with
a load of anxious thought.

  Then, when he had turned the business
of his post over to an assistant, he hur-
riedly left the bank and slipped around
to a little restaurant where it had been
prearranged they all should meet.

  He had been half fearful, in a nervous,
uneasy way, that he should not find them
there, for it must be confessed that his
mind wras not quite at peace in regard to
that Chicago draft; but they were 011
hand all right, and, what is more, Corn-
ing thrust the five thousand dollars into
bis hand as soon as he appeared.

  “But what is that for?” queried
Harry. “ Hadn’t you better keep it to
make the bet with?”

  “ Oh, I would rather that you placed
it yourself, and then you will know it
is all right,” rejoined the other; and, for
some strange reason, he waxed so in-
sistent 011 this score that Rock finally
yielded.

  “ I won’t go into the betting-ring down
at the track, though,” he demurred. “ It
would be as much as my position is worth
for me to be seen placing a wager of
this size at’ such a place. 1 f you insist
on my putting the money down, Arthur,
you’ll have to tell me of some place in
town where I can do it before I go.”

  “ Oh, that’s easily arranged,” spoke up
Spear, who hitherto had not been taking
any part in the discussion. “ There’s
a pool-room not two blocks above here
where they’ll take your bet all right. Just
tell the man at the door that Ed Spear
sent you, and he’ll let you in without any
trouble.”

  Vet, even with this assurance, Harry was
a little surprised to discover how easy it
was'for him to pass within the guarded
precincts. He had never visited a resort of
the kind before, and from what he had
read of the police having to batter their
way in with axes and sledges, had sup-
posed it to be very difficult to gain ad-
mission ; yet the doorman merely nodded
to him now and passed him in without a
word.

  He did not know, however, that ar-
rangements had been made for his visit
in advance, and that Spear and Corning
had followed him to the corner below,
so as to give a signal to the watching
doorman and indicate that this was the
man they meant.

  “ Now,” observed Spear to his compan-
ion with a satisfied grin, “ you see they
can’t ring us in on it if any trouble comes
out of this affair. I’ll simply say that the
teller forged my name and took the
money himself, and the facts will tend to
bear me out.”

  Meanwhile, Rock, all unconscious of
the crafty game set up on him, was
mounting the winding stairs and pushing
his w’ay past the second guard into the
pool-room.

  The afternoon crowd of patrons had
already started to assemble, and were
sitting about the stuffy, tobacco-reeking
place, exchanging reminiscences, or in-
dustriously poring over the “ dope ”
underneath the flaring gas-jets.

  They glanced up curiously at the <
stranger; and, as he had no desire to
be recognized, this made him more than
anxious to get away, especially as lie
was already far from favorably im-
pressed-with the surroundings.

  Therefore, he hurried up to a man
who seemed to be in some sort of author-
ity, and asked if it would be possible
for him to put down a bet on the fourth
race at Sheepshead Bay.

  “ Sure,” replied the functionary gra-
ciously, “ just make out a slip with your
initials and the name of the horse you
want to bet on, and slide it along with
your bundle into yonder window. We’ll
give you official closing odds on your
pick, and if you win you can call around
and get your money down-stairs in the
saloon to-night.”

  Obedient to instructions, accordingly.
204

THE ARGOSY.

he prepared to make out the slip;
but, as he started to write, he paused
and bit at the head of his pencil, seized
with a sudden qualm of doubt.

  “ By the way,” he said to the man who
had previously assisted him, “ have you
a list of the entries for to-day’s races?'
1 don’t want to make a mistake in the
name of my horse, you know.”

  “ Sure, we’ve got a card. What race
did you say it was you wanted; the
fourth at the Bay? Well, here it is,
all right.”

  Rock took the sheet of pasteboard
handed him, and eagerly glanced at the
printed names.

  Ah, yes; he had made no mistake.
Here it was right at the top of the list.
Gold Heels; the name which Corning
had so cautiously whispered to him over
at the restaurant, fearful lest some one
might overhear and plunge to the “ good
thing,” with a consequent fall in odds.

  “ Gold Heels,” Harry therefore print-
ed upon the paper in unmistakable print-
ed character, added his hastily scribbled
initials, and pushed it, with the five thou-
sand, through the little window.

  Then, without regret, he started to
leave the place; but, to his chagrin, he
met at the top of the stairs a man whom
he knew, one of the bank’s heaviest de-
positors.

  There was no use trying to avoid him,
however, and accordingly he took the
hand outstretched to him with the best
grace he could.

  “ Ah, Mr. Rock,” the fellow said,
“ glad to see you. This is the first time
I’ve ever seen you in my little place,
I believe. Well, even the best of us like
to play the ponies once in a while.”

  His place! So he was the proprietor
here, then!

  A great wave of- relief spread over
Rock; for he saw that it would not be
necessary to return here again and run
the gantlet of those curious eyes in order
to get his winnings.

  “ Yes, I have been making a bet,” he
said, “ and, as I expect to win, I am
wondering if it would be too much
trouble for you to bring my profits over
to the bank with you when you come in
the morning?”

, “ Why, no; certainly not. Glad to do
it. Let’s see; what are you down on?”

  “ Gold Heels, in the fourth race at
Sheepshead. My bet is five thousand.”
Then he hurried on down the stairs.

  The proprietor gazed after him with
a coldly speculative gleam in his eye.

  “ Five thousand dollars, eh? ” he mut-
tered thoughtfully. “ I wonder does
that mean he has been tapping the till?

  “No,” he decided, “they don’t start
in on that the first time they come.
More likely he’s got a red-hot tip from
somebody that knows, I guess I’ll have
to buy some of that Gold Heels stuff
myself. He’s rated as an old skate, it’s
true; but you never can tell when one
of these dead ones will come to life.”

  Meanwhile, rejoicing in the comple-
tion of his errand, Rock was hastening
on to rejoin his companions; and, hav-
ing met them, no time was lost in pro-
ceeding to the track.

  During the ride down on the train,
and until the time came for his race to
be called, he was flushed and excited,
talking at random in order to conceal
the secret misgivings which clutched at
his heart, feverishly gay and boisterous.

  The first three races of the day held
small interest fo^him, since to his mind
they only served to prolong the. agony
of his waiting; but he pretended to be
vastly entertained by them, and stood
about, trying to ape Spear’s professional
manner of discussing the performances.

  It was anything to keep himself from
thinking, to drown the still, small, chi-
ding voice of his conscience, to prevent
a breaking and giving way under the
strain which rested on him.

  And then at last his heart gave a great
thrill and stood still; for the bugle had
sounded, and the horses were coming
out for the fourth race.

  Mincing and prancing, the satin-
skinned thoroughbreds, with their dimin-
utive riders atop, paraded in front of the
stands.

  “ There he is! ” whispered Corning
tensely, as he clutched at Rock’s arm.
“ That’s Gold Heels; the one with the
boy up in the red-striped jacket. Look
at the baby that’s going to bring home
the coonskins to you! ”

  Thereafter, Harry had eyes only for
that one horse. Stiff in his seat, with
his head bent forward and his hands
clutching his chair until the knuckles
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

205

turned white, he glued his gaze upon
the red-striped jacket, and kept it there.

  During the fretful moments at the
barrier, he suffered a thousand pangs
and apprehensions.

  What if his choice should be kicked
and injured by one of those other cur-
veting horses? What if he should be
left at the post? Oh, what if a hundred
things might happen?

  But at last the webbing flew up, and,
to the music of a thunderous roar from
lawns and stands, they were “ off ”!

  A moment’s mixup at the turn, as the
striving jockeys fought for position, and
then the red-striped jacket flashed out
in front.

  “What did I tell you?” cried Spear,
with swelling exultation. “ Him all the
way home! Why. he’ll lead the rest
of those dogs by all the distance from
iiere to New York!”

  But Harry was unable to articulate
a word. He could only sit still and
follow with fascinated gaze the swift,
onward flight of horse and rider.

  At the half ; and the red-striped jacket
was still in front, his mount galloping
resolutely, steadily, as though he still
had oceans of speed to spare.

  The three-quarters; and still he was
in the lead. True, the others were creep-
ing up a bit; but Spear readily explained
this by pointing out that the boy was
gathering him up in preparation for the
sprint home.

  In the stretch, with the red-striped
jacket still in front. The craning throng
was already beginning to shout and ges-
ticulate, and call the horse’s name.

  Suddenly there, flashed out from be-
hind a wiry little sorrel, who, with a
burst of tremendous reserve speed, came
on to contest the supremacy.

  Already his nose was at the other’s
withers, at his shoulder, at his throaf.
creeping up veritably inch by inch.

  True, the first horse was still in the
lead, and the wire not a dozen strides
away; but how many a turf-battle has
been lost in that narrow margin!

  For a moment longer they fought it
out grimly, desperately. Then the little
sorrel’s nose pushed by the other’s muz-
zle, and the boy in the red-striped jacket,
seeing the fight was lost, ceased to ply*
his whip.

  His mount faltered, lost his stride,
and fell back into the ruck.

  Harry Rock gazed at Corning with
stony, almost incredulous, eyes. The
“ sure thing ” was hopelessly beaten, and
their five thousand dollars irrevocably
lost!

CHAPTER VI.

         N

ANOTHER LOSER BY THE TIP.

  It is the hardest-hit fellow who makes
the least fuss. A chap who yells blue-
murder when he stubs his toe, will re-''
ceive his death-blow with calm dignitv.

  So now, although two-dollar “ pikers ”
were squealing and cursing all around
him. Rock maintained a very fair sem-
blance of equanimity.

  True, his face was very pale, and he
could not control a certain nervous
twitching about the corners of his
mouth; but his voice was steady, and he
even managed to summon up a smile as
he replied to Spear’s voluble excuses and
apologies for the failure of the tip.

  “ No one can blame you, Mr. Spear.”
he said quietly. “ We all went into the
affair with our eyes open, and should
have known, even if we didn’t seem to.
that there is no sure thing in horse-rac-
ing. We have lost, and that is all there
is to it. except to settle up. 1 owe you
twenty-five hundred dollars, and. 1 re-
gret to say, I cannot pay you at once:
but if you will call around at my rooms
to-night I will try to arrange some se-
curity for you. and fix it so that I can
reduce the obligation by degrees.

  “ Oh, that’s all right, Rock,” returned
the other, with magnificent indifference.

“ Don’t you worry your head, old man.
but pay me when you feel like it. Per-
haps we can dig up a horse this week
which will pull us all out more than
even.”

“ Not for me,” said Harry decidedly.

“ I am done, once and for all.”

  “So? Well, every fine to his own
liking. But 1 always feel as though 1
wanted to get my money back from the
hole where 1 sank it.

  “ And that reminds me,” rising from
his chair, “ that if I want to put a bet
down on this next race I’ll have to be
getting into the ring.”
206

THE ARGOSY.

  “ I guess I’ll go along,” announced
Corning. “Won’t you come, Harry?
We can pike a little, and get that much
fun out of it, anyway.”

  But Harry shook his head. He had
made up his mind never again to be
tempted to bet on a horse-race, no matter
how small the wager; and when Harry
Rock’s mind was made up in that way it
was made up for keeps.

  He accompanied the. others, though,
ifrom the stand down on to the lawn, and
stood there while they went on into the
betting-ring.

  A couple of. men strolling by just then
stopped and gazed after the retreating
figures of Corning and his companion.

  “ There goes that dirty tout of an Ed
Spear,” remarked one of them with a
frown. “ It’s a wonder to me he hasn’t
been ruled off the grounds for all the
crooked work he’s done.”

  “ It is, indeed,” assented the other
cordially. “ Who’s the new sucker he’s
got in tow now ? ”

  “ Oh, I guess you needn’t waste any
sympathy on that one. I see him down
here with Spear a good deal lately, and
I guess from all appearances he’s pretty
well tarred with the same brush.”

  Then they passed on, and Harry was
left to digest the information thus fortui-
tously vouchsafed.

  At first he was inclined to be angry,
and told himself that the opprobrious
term used was probably only a sneering
way of speaking of a business enemy or
turf rival.

  “ Why,” he argued, “ no one could
have been more considerate than Spear
was in regard to that two thousand five
hundred dollars. The very fact that he
told me to pay at my own convenience
shows that he must be a man of wealth.
No mere tout could afford to loan that
much money in the first place, or to let
it hang over, in the second.”

  But then it suddenly occurred to him
where the morfcv had come from with
which Spear had been so generous.

  If that Chicago draft should happen
to be returned, the alleged horseman
could not be held for a minute. He
would simply be a thousand dollars to
the good, and the bank would look to its
official who had cashed such flimsy paper
for the amount.

  Whew! Harry began to look grave.
The more he considered all the circum-
stances connected with the transaction
the less he liked the appearance of it.

   And suppose the draft did come back?
 What then? How was he going to raise
 six thousand dollars to take it up? He
 would lose his job sure.

  More than that. If the bank ever
dropped to the fact that he had got a
part of the spoils he would be prosecuted
and sent to prison. Oh, this was a lovely
kettle of fish he had got himself into!

   But he tried to tell himself all this
 was needless alarm and apprehension.
 The draft was probably all right.

   Probably? Of course it was all right.
 This time next week he would be laugh-
 ing over the idea that it had, ever caused
 him a moment of anxiety.

   Thus desperately and, it must be con-
 fessed, somewhat unsuccessfully trying to
 hearten himself up as he paced along the
 lawn, Harry all at once caught sight of
 young George Ramsey rushing wildly
 hither and thither through the crowd, his
 face white and his hair disheveled.

   “ Hey, George,” he hailed, and the
other, turning, saw him, and came quick-
ly forward.

   “ Have you seen anything of Spear? ”
 he demanded excitedly.

  “Spear?” That name was fast be-
coming a nightmare. “ Why, yes ; he
went into the betting-shed a little while
ago with Arthur Corning.”

   “ Well, he’s not there now, and, what’s
 more, I can’t find him anywhere about the
 grounds. And I’ve .got to find him,
 Harry. If I don’t I am ruined! ”

   George’s voice rose almost to a shriek
 as he finished; and, fairly beside himself,
 he was starting to chase off once more on
 his quest through the crowd. But Rock,
 reaching out, laid a hand on his shoulder,
 and turned him sharply about.

   “ Look here, George,” he said sternly.
 “ What’s up between you and Spear?
 Have you been betting on their sure
 thing? ”

   “ Yes. Or at least I thought I was
betting, but it turns out now that I did
not have down a cent.”

   “ Well, in Heaven’s name, what are
^you kicking about then? You ought to
be thanking your lucky stars that your
money was not burned up.”

\
T1IK TIMK FOR ACTION.

207

  “ Oh, but you don’t understand. Spear
is a scoundrel. He touted me”—Harry
winced at the word—“ he touted me
against this horse so hard that I was
wild, to play it. but 1 didn’t have any
money. I had been losing pretty heavily
down here with him before, you see. Then
he and Corning got hold of me, and told
me that although they were too short to
lend me any money themselves, they could
fix it with a bookmaker to hold me up
for the bet, and not press his claim inside
of six months, provided I could furnish
him some good security. Well, I knew
I could easily make up the amount in
that length of time, so I gave them some
railroad bonds which are as good as gold,
and—”

  “Railroad bonds?” broke in Rock,
struck by a sudden suspicion. “ Where
did you get any such things ? ”

  For he knew that at the pace they had
all been going young Ramsey would long
since have hypothecated any negotiable
securities in his possession.

  “ Oh, I had them,” evasively. “ Hut
what business is that of yours? You
don’t have to know all about my re-
sources, do you ? ”

  But Harry was not to be put off.

  “ Where did you get those bonds,
George?” he insisted, gripping down
hard upon the other’s shoulder.

  And although the boy tried to act
haughty and indignant at first, he pres-
ently broke down under the continued
pressing, and admitted that they were
not his own.

  “ The old man gave them to Anita for
a present once,” he confessed sullenly.
“ 'Fen of them for a thousand dollars
each; and she kept them in the back of
her little jewel safe, never looking at
them except twice a year, when she would
get them out to cut off the coupons, and
let the old man collect the interest for
her.

  “ Well, when Spear and Corning got
me all up in the air over this horse, and
I was casting about every which way to
lay my hands on some security, all of a
sudden the thought of these bonds.oc-
curred to me. I knew that I could get
them back all right, the semiannual in-
terest having just been collected. Sis
wouldn’t dream of looking at them for
another six months, and even though my

horse lost I would easily be able to re-
deem them in that time. So-4—sg,” he
faltered, “ 1 borrowed them without let-
ting Anita know, and put an envelope
full of blank paper in their place.”

  Rock did not attempt any moral stric-
tures or reprehension at this time. The
thing to do now was to get the mess
straightened out as soon as possible.

  Besides, he felt somehow as though the
cloak of a preceptor would not fit alto-
gether easily upon his shoulders.

  “ And has this bookmaker the bonds
now?” he inquired quickly.

  “The bookmaker? No,” fairly wailed
George, panic again seizing upon him.
“ That is tvhat I have been trying to tell
you. After the race I went to the book-
maker to have a talk with him, and make
sure that the bonds would be held until
I could redeem them, and he told me that
no such collateral had ever been placed
in his hands. ‘ Why,’ he said. ‘ that
crook of an Ed Spear has simply soaked
them down into his own wallet. If you’re
wise, young man, you’ll lose no time in
laying hands on him. and getting back
your stuff; for I tell you straight, lie’s
nothing better than a thief, and ten thou-
sand is a pretty tidy haul.’ ”

  Nothing better than a thief! The
words rang upon Harry Rock’s ears like
the sound of a death-knell, and a chill-
ing grip seemed to settle about his heart.

  His misgivings in regard to that draft,
then, had not been mere fanciful alarms.
It would undoubtedly be returned from
Chicago, and he was a ruined man.

  In an instant he was as wrought up
and agitated as George himself.

  “Yes,” he exclaimed distractedly, “you
are right. We must get hold of Spear
at once! ”

CHAPTER VII.

A COUNCIL OF WAR.

  Heedless whom thevjostled. and of
the curious looks cast in their direction,
the two young fellows, wild-eved and
with drawn faces, dashed hither and
thither through the crowd.

  Around the betting-ring they tore, dis-
regarding repeated injunctions from the
police to “ keep to a walk,” and thereby
almost getting themselves arrested. They
208

THE ARGOSY.

raced over the stands and paddock, in-
quired at the stables, and even investi-
gated the “ field,” where the cheaper
“ sports ” are accustomed to congregate.

  But nowhere did they catch a glimpse
of the man who had “ done ” them, nor
run across any tangible clue to his where-
abouts.

  Once, when they stopped to make ex-
cited inquiry of a waiter behind the pie-
counter, the gentleman who. had first
aroused Harry’s suspicions by referring
to Spear as a “ tout ” happened to be
standing close at hand, and the boys
overheard him remark to his companion:

  “ Ah, a couple more of Spear’s vic-
tims evidently; and they look as if they
had been well stung, too. I hope they
will catch the cur, and give him what he
deserves; but they’ll have to look sharp
if they expect to do it. I heard last
night that he had all his plans laid to
slip away to Europe. It’s getting a bit
too hot for him on this side of the water,

I	fancy.”

  Harry wheeled about on his fellow-
sufferer, struck by a sudden thought.

  “ George,” he asked quickly, “ were
those bonds of yours readily negotiable?”

  “ Readily negotiable? Well, I should
rather say so. They were payable to
bearer. Anybody could have got the
money on them.”

  Rock gasped. The possibilities were,
getting more interesting every minute.
With a thousand dollars in currency in
his pocket, and ten thousand dollars more
in securities which were just as good as
cash, there was evidently no reason why
Spear should postpone for a single day
his projected departure to foreign climes.

  A thief does not usually delay long in
his flitting when he has the swag safely
in hand.

  There was one point in their favor,
however. The rascally tout did not
know as yet, of course, that they had
fallen wise to his duplicity.

  He would argue that Harry, believing
him to be a wealthy man, would not
think of questioning the draft until after
it had gone to Chicago and come back, a
proceeding which would take several
days, and that a still longer time must
elapse before George became cognizant
of the bold swindle practised upon him.

  Hence, it was highly probable that un-

less his suspicions became arouseck by
some untoward event the scamp would,
to a certain extent, take his own time in
making his “ get-away.”

   As these considerations presented them-
 selves to Harry’s mind he ceased his aim-
 less rushing about, and dragging his
 companion into a secluded corner, urged
 him, too, to desist from the fruitless quest,
 and to try and regard the situation in a
 calmer and more judicial spirit.

   “ Look here, George,” he said forcibly,
 “ we are making a couple of confounded
 idiots of ourselves. It. ought to be plain
 to any one by this time that neither
 Spear nor Corning is any longer on the
 grounds; yet we go chasing about like
 chickens with our heads cut off, not only
 to no purpose, but what ig worse, attract-
 ing a lot of curious attention to ourselves,
 the one thing above all others we should
 most sedulously avoid. How long do
 you suppose it will be before some friend
 of Spear’s drops on to the fact that wre
 are looking for him, and hurries off to
 report. And, if that ever happens the
 fat will be in the fire and no mistake.”

   “ But what else can we do?” objected
 George, feeling that any sort of action
 was preferable to an idle sitting down
 upon the stool of repentance.

   “ I must find him and get back my
bonds,” he repeated desperately for about
the hundredth time. “You heard what
that man said just now, Harry. Spear
is liable to be off to Europe at any mo-
ment, and then what sort of a pickle
wpuld I be in? ”

   “ And do you imagine that he will
delay his sailing because he happens to
hear that you are searching for him?”
questioned Rock, with withering sarcasm.
“ Far from it, my young friend. That
is just about the one thing which would
lend an especial celerity to his move-
ments.

   “No. If we are going to overhaul
this artful dodger, and succeed in ma-
king him disgorge, we have got to be
wary and circumspect, not go hunting for
hinf with a brass band and a drum-major
at the head of it.
k “ Now, what I propose is that we im-
mediately efface ourselves from here, and.
go quietly back to town to take up the
pursuit afresh there.”

   “And how shall we set about it?”
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

209

 queried George dubiously. “ Report the
 affair to the police, and let them take up
 the trail?”

  “No; I don’t believe I would advise
that just yet a while. Of course, it
may be “necessary to go to them in the
end; but you know what a lot of notori-
ety it entails, and 1 for one am by no
means convinced that if we play our
cards right we cannot satisfactorily han-
dle the business for ourselves.”

  They had passed out at the gate by
this time, and with the crowd surging
all about them, and the possibility of
some of Spear’s friends being at their
very elbows, there was no chance for
further conversation until they had
boarded the train for New York.

  Seated at last in a parlor-car cn route
to the city, however, and with their
heads bent close together, Rock proceed-
ed to elucidate his plans.

  “ In starting out to run down this
crook,” he said, “ it seems to me that we
ought as far as possible to put ourselves
in his place, and try fairly to consider
what we would do under like circum-
stances.

  “Now, here is a chap with a loU of
stolen booty in his pockets, and the
natural inference would be, it is true,
that he is going to get himself out of the
way as speedily as possible. But, on
the other hand, we must remember he
does not think that his victims are aware
of the fact they have been buncoed, or
are likely to discover it until a consid-
erable time shall elapse; you, for several
months perhaps, and me—”

  He caught himself . sharply together
with a frown; but George had noted the
slip of the tongue, and exclaimed with
eager curiosity:

  “You! Do you mean to say that he
got you, too?”

  “ Never mind about that now,” im-
patiently. “If he did get me, it was
for nothing like the amount for which
he landed you, nor was it by any such
openly criminal act.

  “ But, at any rate, as I was saying,
lie is apt to be fairly comfortable in his
mind; and, feeling that there is no par-
ticular cause for haste, will arrange his
departure to suit his own convenience,
in the meantime making no change in
his regular routine.

   2	A

  “Under ordinary circumstances, there-
fore* if I wanted to find him, I would
simply visit one after another of his
Usual hang-outs until I finally ran across
him; but, as the case stands now, that
doesn’t seem exactly advisable for two
good reasons.”

  “What are they?”

  “ Well, in the first place, our ill-ad-
vised actions at the track may have put
him on his guard, so that he is avoiding
an appearance in public and hurriedly
getting ready to fly.”

  “ And the other reason ? ”

  An expression of grim determination
showed upon Rock’s resolute counte-
nance.

  “ Simply that when I do have it out
with that gentleman I want to be where
our interview shall run no danger of
being interfered with by bystanders or
the authorities. Neither your bonds nor
my money can be got back by law with-
out publicity and scandal; but I think ’’
—significantly—“T can get them back—-
that is, your bonds to a certainty, and as
much of my money as he has left.”

  “ But how will you locate him ? ”
asked George. “You don’t know where
he lives, do you? And, as y»u have al-
ready said, to go around asking questions
would only serve to put him on his
guard.”

  “ True; so I am going to act on the
old principle for hunting snakes. They
always travel in pairs, you know; and if
you can locate the haunt of one, the
other is pretty sure to put in a speedy
appearance also. Now, as you say, I
don’t know where Spear hangs up; but
I am pretty well acquainted with Com-
ing’s apartments, and there is where I
am going.”

“ Corning! ” ejaculated the boy. “ Oh,
I say, Harry, you don’t really believe
that Arthur was in on the deal, do you ? ”
Rock’s frankly contemplated laugh
was not exactly pleasant to hear.

  •“ Believe it? ” he said. “ Why, George
Ramsey, if the angel Gabriel himself was
to try and tell me that chap was on the
square, I’d have to give him the lie.

  “ In on the deal ? ” he continued.
“ I’d be willing to make a good-sized
wager that the two of them are sitting
in some restaurant at this very second,
jollifying over the complete way in
210

THE ARGOSY.

which they have trimmed us and ar-
ranging for a division of the spoils:'

   “ And, as a consequence of this little
celebration, I will be able to nail them,”
dropping once more into his explanatory
tone. “ You know how Corning is, al-
ways wants to return to his room after
dinner to primp up a bit before starting
out again. Or, even if he should be
scared and ready to skip, it is certain he
will want to go back there to get some
of his things. And so it is ten to one,
in any event, that Spear will return with
him.

  “ That will be my opportunity; for
while they are at dinner I propose to
ensconce myself in the apartment and
be on hand, ready to greet them when
they arrive.”

  “ But, of course, you want me to go
with you?”

  “No. I think, perhaps, I can handle
the situation better alone. You go on
quietly home and pretend to have a sick
headache, so that the^folks will not sus-
pect that anything is wrong from that
graveyard face of yours. I will drop up
later to let you know the success of my
mission.”

  “ But, good Heavens, Harry, suppose
they should get nasty on your hands?
They would be two to your one.”

  “ Not so. I also will be two—myself
and a trusty little friend that I shall
pick up at my lodgings and carry with
me in my hip-pocket.”

   As he finished, the train whistled into
Long Island City and the passengers
started to rise to their feet. The time
for action had come!

CHAPTER VIII.

  WHAT THE EAVESDROPPER HEARD.

  Rock, with the other members of the
“ crowd,” had often gathered at Com-
ing’s apartments for a jolly evening, or
to discuss plans and arrangements for
some impending frolic, and he conse-
quently knew the place like a book.

  It was a luxuriously fitted-up bach-
elor’s “ two and a bath ” at the fashion-
able Martingale; and. as it was on the
second -floor, the tenant’s visitors used
the stairs or the elevator impartially in
order to reach it.

   In the present instance, Harry chose
 the stairs as the more inconspicuous mode
 of approach, and also in order that the
 elevator-boy might be able to return a
 truthful denial if Corning should ask
 whether anybody had called during his
 absence.

   Thus he finally arrived without en-
 countering any undue obstacles; and, so
 far as he could tell, unobserved at the
 door of the suite, discovering to his re-
 lieved elation that, owing to the warm
 weather, the transom overhead had been
 left open.

   He had brought a twisted wire with
 him, and had fully intended to pick the
 lock if necessary, despite the danger of
 being caught at such questionable work;
 but the open transom made a way of
 ingress for him as though arranged 011
 purpose and relieved him of the ticklish
 alternative.

   Accordingly, after listening to satisfy
 himself that the cage was empty and the
 birds still away, he drew himself up to
 the aperture, wriggled through, and
 dropped lightly to the floor on the other
 side.

   But once there, and after a glance
 around, he changed somewhat the plan
 of action he had formulated for himself.

   The original purpose he had conceived
 was to hide in the bedroom until the
 two men had returned and were well in-
 side the apartment, when he would sud-
 denly disclose himself and enforce his
 demands at the point of the revolver.

   Now, however, as the idea occurred to
 him that they might not both come at
 the same time, or, even if they did,
 might between themselves indulge in
 some talk which it would be wise for
 him to hear, a better suggestion offered
 itself, and he decided to delay such pre-
 cipitate action.

   A patent bed-couch, with a handsome
 cover on it, stood at one side of the front
 room; and, stooping down to examine it.
 Rock perceived that there was ample
 space under its light iron framework for
 a man to lie in comfort, while the over-
 hanging mattress and coverlid would
 serve most effectually to conceal his pres-
 ence from the view of any one in the
 room.

  Down upon hands and knees Harry
 v dropped, and, crawling into the retreat,
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

211

 arranged himself as easily as possible to
 await the coming of the enemy.

  But a long time passed before his irk-
some vigil came to an end.

  Surely, that “ jollification dinner ”
must consist of many courses; or was ft
perhaps that the tricksters were so ex-
ultant over their coup they had decided
to make a night of it?

  Then, again, anxious doubts and ap-
prehensions would arise as to the possi-
bility of their never returning. True,
the apartment showed no evidences of
any hurried flight on the part of its
owner; yet that might simply mean that
he had never come back there from the
race-track; but, tipped off that the pur-
suit was on, had abandoned all his be-
longings to their fate and vamoosed.

  Mingled with these queries, too, were
anxious speculations as to what the out-
come of the forthcoming encounter with
the sharpers—provided they did put in
an appearance—would be?

  Would he be able to recover the Bonds?
Would he get back any of the money
advanced upon the draft, and, if so, how
much ?

  Again, what action would the bank
take upon his case should he fail to ob-
tain any of the money? What would
Daniel G. Ramsey think of him when
all the facts came to light? And—most
harassing question of all—what would
Anita think?

  Oh, Harry had plenty to occupy his
mind, even though his period of sus-
pense was lorig protracted.

  But at last there came the sound of
footsteps from the corridor outside, the
click of a key in the lock, and Corning
entered, accompanied, to Harry’s intense
satisfaction, by Spear.

  Everything was turning out exactly
as he had predicted to George, he told
himself, not without a certain pride in
his powers of deduction.

  He was also pleased to discover that
by lying close to the floor he could get
with one eye a full view of the room
from under the edge of the couch, thus
enabling him to see as well as to hear.

  So, with his one eye and both ears
alert, and the revolver in his hand ready
for action, he lay there quiet as a mouse
and waited for what might happen.

  From the very manner of the rascals

in entering the' room, though, as well as
from their subsequent words and actions,
he perceived that there was no ground
for his fear lest they should have been
already alarmed. -The idea of any im-
mediate reprisals on the part of their
plundered victims was evidently the last
thought that came into their heads.

  Indeed, both of them were in jubilant
mood, laughing and jesting as might fel-
lows who had dined well and were with-
out a care in the world.

  Corning hummed a gay little air as he
moved about, turning on the lights and
setting the room in order; while his
companion, standing in front of the
mantelpiece, thrust his hands down deep
into his pockets and jingled his keys in
thoroughly complacent fashion.

  Of a sudden, though, he paused in his
careless tintinnabulation and glanced
quickly toward the other.

  “ I say, Arthur,” he questioned,
“ you’re sure there couldn’t possibly be
any mistake about the value of those
bonds, eh? I’m not very familiar with
junk of that sort, you know.”

  “ Oh, no! As I told you, they’re as
good as gold. However, let me see them
again and make sure.”

  Out of Spear’s side coat-pocket came
a bulky envelope, which he tossed over
upon the table; and for a moment the
hand of the unseen watcher tightened
upon his revolver, and he was almost
ready to burst from his concealment then
and there. But he restrained himself
with an effort and waited for further
developments.

  .“Mistake?” smiled Corning, skim-
ming with practised eye over the en-
closed securities. “ If I had a barrel
or two of,tidy little documents like these,
I could make the Thirty-Fourth National
look about the size of a tin savings-bank.
Oh, no, Edward, never underestimate
those beauties. They’re worth every
cent they call for, and then some.”
Spear’s heartfelt sigh of relief was
almost laughable.

  “ Well, I’m mighty glad to hear it,”
he declared emphatically. “ Things have
been going so rotten bad with me and
you lately in everything we’ve under-
took, that I began to get afraid maybe
those bonds were on the ‘ bumski,’ too.
But, since you say they’re all right,
212

THE ARGOSY.

there’s no reason why we shouldn’t get
’em cashed to-morrow and sail on the
Cavonia on Wednesday. Maybe things’11
break better for us on the other side;
and, anyway, the sooner we get blue
water between us and this job. the better
I’ll be satisfied.”

  “ Oh, what’s the use of getting
frightened? ” rallied his partner. “ There
isn’t one chance in a hundred that
George Ramsey will drop to the game;
and, even if there was, he don’t dare kick
up a row. He stole the bonds himself.”
“No! Who from? How do you
know ? ”

  “He took them from his sister Anita.

I know they are hers, because she told
me about them herself,” answered Corn-
ing. “ Strange how things work around,”
he added musingly. “ It must have
been intended by Fate that these bonds
should come to me in one way or an-
other. Here, take them,” thrusting the
packet back into the envelope and hold-
ing it out.

  “ Oh, no; if you’re going to market
them to-morrow, you’d better keep them
overnight. I don’t suppose there’s any
danger of burglars in a place like this? ”
“Hardly,” smiled Corning. “The
night watchman is always around and
the help are exceptionally honest. As
you say, too, I guess it would be best
to keep them here.”

  And with that he stepped over to his
desk, dropped the envelope in a drawer,
and, carefully relocking the receptacle,
resumed his seat.

  Spear fidgeted about a second or two;
then somewhat deprecatingly started
afresh on his plea for an early departure.

  “No matter how sure we are about
George Ramsey,” he urged, “ I, never-
theless, think it will be good sense for
us to take that Cavonia when she pulls
out on Wednesday. Suppose Rock
should get to thinking over matters and
have the bank wire an inquiry out to
Chicago about that draft?”

  “ Well, do you know what would hap-
pen?” replied Corning. “Mr. Rock
would simply land behind the bars a few
days earlier. As I have already ex-
plained to you, they can do nothing to
you on account of that affair; but they
can sot.k him, and you may rest assured
they’ll do it.

  “In order to clinch the matter, I
wrote an anonymous letter to the direc-
tors of the bank to-night, warning them
of their paying-teller, and informing
them that he had placed a five-thousand-
dollar bet at Max Snook’s pool-room this
afternoon.”

  The tout stole a sidewise glance at
his friend and scratched his head.

  “ Why are you so down on that poor
sucker, Arthur ? ” he queried. “ You
and he have been pals, too, in a way,
haven’t you? Yet there is nothing tot)
bad for you to hand out to him. What’s
the answer? ”

  “ Oh, I despise the clodhopper! ”
broke out Corning, a dull flush of rage
streaking his face. “ So would you,
too, if you’d had to have a lout like that
held up to you as a model and a para-
gon ! ”

  “ Held up to you? By whom?”

  The angry man hesitated a second.

  “ By Anita Ramsey,” he burst out.
“ By Jove, Spear, that girl is in love
with him—always has been in love with
him. . She doesn’t know it herself maybe,
but it didn’t take me long to find it out
after I got engaged to her. It was
Harry this, and Harry that, until I grew
so sick of hearing his name that I swore
I’d fix her pink of perfection for her.
And I guess,” he added vindictively,
“ that I’ve about succeeded, although, at
that,” with a wry face, “ I wouldn’t bet
ten cents that she didn’t eventually
marry him, jailbird or no jailbird.”

  “ Well, since there’s a woman between
you, I don’t wonder so much any more.”
granted Spear; “ but before, I’m free to
confess, I couldn’t understand it, for he
always struck me as a pretty nice young
chap. Indeed. I haven’t got any hard
feelings against him now, except for the
fact that we let him bet that five thou-
sand dollars- instead of holding on to it
ourselves.

   “ Strange how I got such a fool notion
into my head that that horse couldn’t be
beat,” he muttered, shaking his head.
“ 1 thought we could make more by let-
ting him win from the books first, and
then taking his winnings away from him ;
but the durn combination didn’t pan out.

  “ I wrent bad on that dope, just as I
did afterward on Senator Boy in the
fifth race, and to—”
THE TIME FUR ACTION.

213

  Corning broke in upon him with a
quick glance of^ interrogation. “ Then
you lost the extra thousand you got from
Rock, too ? ” he asked.

  “ Oh, yes; every cent of it.”'

  “ And all we have is these bonds? ”

  “ That’s it. And that’s why I say we
ought to sail at once. There’s no
chance to do business here any more, so
the sooner we get to the other side the
better off we’ll be.”

  A moment before the pulses of the
man concealed under the couch had been
thrilling and bounding with exultant
happiness; for he had that surest proof
in the world, the word of his rival and
enemy, that the woman he loved, loved
him.

  But now. the triumph and the joy
turned to ashes in his mouth, and he
saw standing before him the open door
of a felon’s cell.

  There was no chance upon earth to
recover the money paid out upon that
worthless draft.

CHAPTER IX.

THE CATCHER CAUGHT.

  In his rage and desperation at the
plight in which he found himself, see-
ing nothing ahead except ruin and dis-
grace, it is the greatest wonder in the
world that Rock did not dash "forth
from his hiding-place and, with the
loaded weapon in his hand, end the ca-
reer of Arthur Corning then and there.

  And, indeed, until his dying day
that scurvy villain will never be closer
to breathing his last. Three separate
times Harry stiffened his muscles for
the spring; three separate times his fin-
ger was curled tight about the trigger;
three separate times his lips were
framed to the shout which should an-
nounce. his onset.

  But, in the end, the tense limbs re-
laxed, the finger lifted from the trigger,
the shout remained in his throat. He
lay back, weak from the struggle, quiv-
ering in every fiber, the sweat standing
out in great beads upon his brow.

  But one impulse had restrained him—
the thought of Anita. First, lest her
name might become involved, owing to
the admissions Corning had just made

to Spear. Second, because he had it in
his power now, by relinquishing his ven-
geance, to save her dearly loved brother
from the scandal of a tarnished name.

  Only by his keeping still at the pres-
ent time could the bonds be recovered
without publicity and disgrace to George.

  Accordingly, he lay back, clenching
his teeth and gripping his hands to com-
mand his self-control, until at last, after
some further desultory conversation,
Corning proposed a visit to one of the
roof-gardens, and, the other acquiescing,
they took their hats and left.

  Hardly had the door closed upon
their departing figures before Harry was
out from under the couch and across the
floor to the desk, which stood beside a
window.

  A moment’s examination of the lock
by the light of a match; and then setting
deftly to work with his pocket-knife and
piece bf twisted wire, he soon had the
receptacle open.

  Nor had he to rummage long for what
he sought. He had watched Corning
carefully when the latter put the bonds
away, so now his hand closed almost in-
stantly upon the precious envelope.

  Nothing now remained but to get
away. His task was done.

  But first he must make sure that there
was no mistake; so he lighted another
match, and held it as he hurriedly ran
over the contents of the package.

  Yes, this was what he wanted, beyond
question. Ten railroad bonds of the
value of one thousand dollars each, all
in the envelope, and all in good con-
dition. And now, at last, he could go.

  But just at that moment a window
flashed up on the other side of the court,
across from Coming’s apartment, and a
shrill, feminine voice fairly split the air
with shrieks of “ Burglars! Burglars! ”

  Startled and dismayed, for he realized
that it must be to him attention was
being directed, Rock wavered an in-
stant, uncertain just what to do. Then
it came to him that to remain there in
the room, beside the rifled desk, would
be fatal.

  Even though lie was known as a
friend of Corning, he would necessarily
find a situation of that sort difficult to
explain. No; he must try to get away,
whatever the hazard.
214

THE ARGOSY.

  Swiftly he flew to the door and tried
the knob, hoping that Corning might
possibly have failed to turn the key on
the outside. But the hope was vain.
The door held, and there was no time
to pick the lock; for the entire house
was in a turmoil now, the screams of
women and children resounding from
every floor.

  It was plain, therefore, that he must
go as he had come; and that he had bet-
ter lose no time about it, either. With
a quick spring, he drew himself up to the
transom opening, climbed through, and
was just about to drop into the corridor
when there came a howl of triumph
from up the hallway, and two lusty por-
ters, charging forward, bore him to the
ground underneath their combined
weight.

  Harry was not greatly injured by the
fall, for he was lithe and wiry, and able
to stand a good deal of rough handling;
but it seemed to him as though he should
be crushed into a pancake before he
could persuade the two men to remove
themselves from off his chest.

  He was sadly out of wind when he
was at length dragged to his feet; but
he made a fair stagger at a smile of
quizzical amusement.

  “ I guess I have been the cause of
considerable trouble here,” he said,
“ and I can hardly blame you fellows
for taking me for a burglar; but you
understand, of course, that I am a friend
of Mr. Coming’s, and that when he
locked me in his room for a lark, the
only way I could get out was through
the transom. It’s all a joke, boys; just
a big joke.”

  They were plainly skeptical.

  “ Aw, come off! ” growled one of
them. “ You’ll have to dig up a better
one than that. Hold him there, Bill,
until I get the pass-key, and see whether
there mayn’t be another of ’em still in-
side the room.”

  Now, what Harry was more anxious
to avoid than anything else was to have
the condition of the desk discovered,
and he therefore insisted so vehemently
that the affair was all a joke, and that
he could prove a clean bill of health,
if they would send for Mr. Keer, the
proprietor of the hotel, who knew him,
that the men. aided thereto by sugges-

tions from the crowd of guests and wait-
ers who had gathered by this time, finally
yielded so far, and a messenger was ac-
cordingly despatched for Mr. Keer, who
was at the home of a friend, a block
or twro away.

  Presently, word came back that the
proprietor was engaged in a hand of
“ bridge ” at the moment, but would be
over as soon as the rubber was played
out.

   While they were all waiting, however,
the regular policeman on the block,
having heard of the disturbance, came
nosing about, and stood regarding Rock
with a severe and cynical disfavor.

   Suddenly a gleam. of quick suspicion
showed in his eye, and, with a movement
as quick as a cat’s, he twitched out of
the prisoner’s pocket that significant
strand of twisted wire.

  “A joke, is ut?” he observed with
lofty disdain. “ Begorra, there’s a la-ad
down in Part Fo-our iv th’ Criminal
Co-oorts that I’m thinkin’ c’d take th’
measure iv this joker in iligant style.

‘ Tin years f’r yours,’ is his fav’rite bit
iv pleasanthry.”

  This circumstance naturally turned
the sentiment of the bystanders against
the prisoner, but he still asserted so
vigorously his claim that it was a joke,
and showed such evident willingness to
face Mr. Keer, that final decision was
withheld in most minds until the pro-
prietor should appear and pass his ver-
dict.

  And then there came a quick murmur
along the corridor, at which Harry hope-
fully raised his glance, expecting to be-
hold the landlord’s familiar visage;
but, instead, around the corner came—
Coming!

  If the earth had opened beneath him
in a cataclysmal gulf, Rock could not
have been more dismayed. For he real-
ized, as did every one else in the com-
pany, that there was no longer anv
reason to wait for the word of the pro-
. prietor. The tenant of the apartment
was here.

   And Corning, too, went aghast, it was
plain, when he first recognized the iden-
tity of the prisoner. His face grew
white, and he had to take a quick step
to preserve his balance; for his guilty
heart failed him as he saw at once that
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

215

his crime was known, and the pursuit
begun.

  Then, with a better comprehension of
the situation, a malignant light kindled
in his eye, and he raised his hand to
hide the smile of triumph which flick-
ered across his lips.

  “ Yes, certainly I know this man,” he
replied to the questions addressed to
him; “ but it is equally certain that I
do not know what he was doing in my
room.”

  As he spoke, he turned the key in the
lock, and, as he switched on the light,
turned instinctively toward the desk.
With a sharp exclamation, he sprang
forward and thrust 'his hand into the
rifled compartment.

  “ Good Heavens! ” he cried. “ I
have been robbed of ten thousand dol-
lars in bonds!”

  The policeman stepped quickly back
to Rock and, reaching into his inside
coat-pocket, held up the envelope.

   “ Is these thim?_T he asked.

  “ Then come wid me, my gay joker,”
clapping down a hand of authority on
his prisoner’s shoulder. “ Th’ capt’n be
wantin’ to see yez down at th’ station-
house ! ”

CHAPTER X.

HELD FOR EVIDENCE.

   Harry realized the futility of attempt-
ing any defense at that stage of the pro-
ceedings, and therefore accompanied his
captor quietly and with the best grace he
could muster over to the police station.

  Arrived there, however, he imme-
diately asked for an interview with the
captain, and made a clean breast of the
whole affair, at least so far as the bonds
were concerned. His own trouble on
account of the draft, he somewhat dole-
fully reflected, would become known soon
enough.

  The captain was naturally a bit in-
credulous of the story recited to him;
but, being favorably impressed with the
seeming frankness of the young prisoner,
finally consented that George Ramsey
should be telephoned to come down.

  The distressing information came
back, however, that Mr. Ramsey was
quite-ill with a severe sick headache and

could not be disturbed on any account.
Would not his presence on the morrow
serve as well ?

   “ Every bit as well, as far as I am
concerned,” commented the captain;
“ but it’s a shade rough on you, if you’re
innocent, Mr. Rock, for under the cir-
cumstances I shall of course have to lock
you up.”

  “ Oh, that’s all right,” rejoined
Harry, thinking involuntarily that with-
in a very short time the experience might
become a by no means novel one to him.
“ The chief point of interest with me is
to know that the bonds are safe, and
you will take good care of them?”

   “ Oh, yes; they will be as secure here
as they would in your vault over at the
Thirty-Fourth National.”

   Corning, who had been sitting across
the room, pretending to be serenely con-
temptuous of Rock’s charges against him,
jumped up as though he were shot.

   “ Secure here? ” he gasped. “ Do you
mean to tell me that I cannot have my
property, now that the thief is under
arrest? ”

  “ Certainly not. Those bonds will
have to be held as evidence until the case
is finally adjudicated.”

   “ Oh, but I say,” in agitated protest,
“ that will never do. Why, I need those
bonds to put through an important busi-
ness deal to-morrow; absolutely must
have them.”

  “ Can’t help that, Mr. Corning.
You’ve had this man arrested on the
evidence of those bonds being in his
possession, and now they will have to
remain with us until the court decides to
whom they do belong.”

  “ But I will withdraw the charge,”
cried Corning eagerly. “ I will decline
to prosecute.”

   All his debonair assumption was gone
now. His face was gray, and his hands
trembled as he knotted his fingers to-
. gether. If he could not secure the bonds
and market them, he saw where a swift
retribution waited for him.

   “ Yes, I withdraw the charge,” he re-
peated almost hysterically.

   “ Then,” said the captain, a glint of a
teasing twinkle in his eye, “ you admit
that the bonds belong to Mr. Rock, eh,
their having been in his possession being
prima facie proof of his ownership?”
216

THE ARGOSY.

  “Belong to him?” howled the dis-
tracted wretch. “No, no, no! They
are mine. 1 will withdraw the charge,

1 tell you; but only on condition that
the bonds are returned to me at once.”

  “ And rather than consent to that,”
broke in Rock, “ 1 would spend every
night in a cell for the next ten years! ”
The police captain, who had been
studying the faces and actions of both
young men and considering within him-
self, suddenly reached a decision to send
for George Ramsey again, but this time
more peremptorily and upon his own
hook.

  “ There is more in this case than ap-
pears on the surface,” he muttered into
the depths of his heavy mustache, “ and
I guess it’s about up to me to learn what
has been going on.” ^

  He made no mention of his purpose to
either of the young men, however, but,
having secretly despatched the message,
watched with amusement the game which
was on between them.

  Corning, ghastly now between appre-
hension and anxiety, was trying by every
means in his power to induce Rock to
give up the bonds, and let the charge
of burglary be dropped; but Harry was
sturdily resisting all his persuasions.

  At last, after a manifest inward strug-
gle, the sharper came to a desperate
resolution. Pretending to want a drink
of water, he crossed the floor, and as he
passed the other’s chair he muttered in a
rapid undertone:

  “ That draft you cashed for Spear is
bogus, and will cost you your job. If
you let me keep four of the bonds, you
can have the other six, and so be able
to square the thing up. Is it a bar-
gain? ”

  Like a flash, Rock was upon his feet;
and all the nervous strain, the pent-up
passion, and the restrained feeling of that
eventful day went into the blow which
lie sent smashing squarely into Coming’s
face.

  “Take that, you thieving hound, you
crawling, treacherous beast, for an an-
swer to your dirty bribe! ”

  The recipient of the blow went to the.
floor, dazed and with his cherished
beauty pretty effectually spoiled for the
time being; but as the police captain
sprang forward to interfere, Harry

turned on his heel and resumed his seat
as though too utterly contemptuous of
such vermin to pay any further attention
to him.

  At that moment there came a rap on
the door, and the captain interrupted the
rather caustic homily he was energetic-
ally delivering to both combatants in
order to open it.

  “ That must he George Ramsey,” he
muttered to himself; but it wasn’t.

   It was, to his surprise, a very stylishly
and becomingly attired young woman,
who, her face suddenly suffused with
color, rushed up to Harry Rock and took
both his hands in hers.

  Then she turned to the captain.

  “ I am Anita Ramsey,” she explained.
“ and when your message came, stating
that Mr. Rock was in some sort of
trouble down here, my brother was
asleep, and as my father is in Philadel-
phia, there was no one to come but
myself. If I can be of use in any way,
pray command me, for any member of
our family would esteem it only too great
a privilege to be of assistance to Mr.
Rock.”

  “ I’m afraid you can’t be of any help,
though, ma’am,” replied the captain dis-
appointedly. “ What I wanted to ask
your brother about, you see,” oblivious to
the signals Harry was making to him,
“ was in regard to some bonds which Mr.
Rock insists belong to your brother, but
which this Mr. Corning also claims as
his.”

  “Bonds?” she repeated with a puz-
zled air. “ I didn’t know that George
had any bonds.”

  “ These are ten railroad bonds of the
value of one thousand dollars each,”
went on the captain, with the hope of
refreshing her memory. “ See, here they
are. Perhaps you may remember your
brother’s having had them?”

  He lifted the envelope from his desk
and held it up for her inspection.

  “ Why—why—” she gasped. “ Those
bonds are mine! My very own, that
father gave me for a present when—”

  But the police captain’s attention was
caught by a figure which, rising from
the floor, had started to steal furtively
through the door.

  “ Hey,” he called to his subordinates
in the other room. “ don’t let that man get
THE TIME FOR ACTION.

217

away! Hold him, some of you, out
there! It is beginning to look as though
I shall want him.”

CHAPTER XI.

OH, WHAT A DIFFERENCE l\ THE
MORNING!

  There was, of course, nothing else for
Rock but to give Anita the straight story
of the bonds from beginning to end, and
although he spared George all that he
possibly could in his recital, it did not
take her long to perceive that her brother
had been saved solely through his
friend’s courage and readiness of re-
source.

  “ Oh, Harry,” she cried, “ it seems to
me as though you were ahvays coming to
the rescue of some member of our family!
I wonder if there was ever before any one
so dependable and absolutely _,square as
you?”

  He felt like a whipped cur; for all the
time she was praising him, the thought
of that Chicago draft kept rising to his
mind to spoil his pleasure in her com-
mendation.

  Neither did he tell her of the scrape
he was in; for he knew that she would
immediately offer to help him out from
her own resources, and he did not think
he could quite bear that.

  As to going his bail at the police sta-
tion, that was a mere formality, and he
interposed no objection when she insist-
ed on doing it; but when it came to ac-
cepting a substantial obligation at her
hands to rid him of a load resulting from
his own follies—why, he told himself, he
would rather starve and die in the gutter!

  Yet it was a sore temptation to confide
in her, if only for the happiness of having
a secret between them and to receive her
sympathy and pardon. He longed to lay
bis poor, bruised heart at her feet, and
then if she granted him absolution, he
did not care what might happen to him.

  But he dared not speak, and have her
offer monetary aid to him, only to despise
him ever after.

  So, as he took her home, she noticed
that he was not the frank, open comrade
he had always been to her, and she won-
dered grievingly what could have changed
him.

  He made her promise, though, before
he left, that she would not speak of
George’s shortcomings to her father upon
the latter’s return, and as she agreed to
this a passionate tremble crept into his
voice which made her glance down quick-
ly and wonder if his previous restraint
had been only shyness, and if he was
about to speak the words her heart con-
fessed she was ready to hear.

  But he said no more; merely pressed
her hand, and without a word went quick-
ly away, leaving her still wondering.

  She did not understand the reason of
the tremble in his voice, nor why he had
exacted the promise. The latter was be-
cause he had made up his mind to confess
all the circumstances of his own scrape
to old Daniel G. upon the morrow, and
he did not wish to appear in the light of
trading for mercy upon the favor he had
been able to render the son.

  The tremble in his voice was due to a
sudden realization that after his story
was told he would have to resign definite-
ly and forever the dream he had held so
long. Old Daniel G. might permit him
to retain his position in the bank, but
receive him as a husband for his daugh-
ter—never!

  Still he held manfully to his resolu-
tion ; for he knew it was the only square
and honest thing to do. But, oh—as he
said to himself that night while he tossed
upon a sleepless couch, trying to conjure
up some way of avoiding the unpleasant
necessity—but, oh, he would rather have
every tooth in his head pulled out slowly,
one by one! Daniel G.’s scorn was not
a pleasant thing to face.

  Yet, rack his brain as he would—and
he had done little but this ever since the
problem had risen to confront him—no
other suggestion seemed to offer itself.
He must tell the stupid, silly story over
to that stern, grizzled old man, and take
the consequences, whatever they might be.

  Slowly and haltingly he wended hi's
way to the bank, like a boy on the way
to school expectant of a whipping. He
showed small zest for the preliminary
duties of the day, but kept casting fre-
quent glances toward the door of the
little office marked “ President,” as
though equally apprehensive that its
occupants might or might not appear.
One other thing he did. too. He hunted
218

THE ARGOSY.

up the mail-clerk and destroyed the
scurrilous anonymous letter which Corn-
ing had posted the night before. The
truth was bad enough, without having a
lot of lies tacked to it.

  And that truth—bad enough as it was
•—he had to tell to Daniel G. Ramsey!
How the cloud of that coming confession
hung over him! It seemed to change the
morning, which was clear and beautiful
outside, into a murky, lowering day with
overcast skies and damp, chilling winds.

  The hour of his ordeal was postponed,
however, for the president happened to
be late, and, with the opening of the bank
to the public, Rock had to enter his cage,
to stay there until relieved.

  Somewhat fretful of the delay, Harry
regarded it as almost a personal affront
on the part of Fate that the first cus-
tomer to appear should be the pool-room
man whose place he had visited the day
before.

  As though to mock him," too, the fellow
pulled out a roll of bills large enough
to choke a horse, and began peeling off
five hundreds and thousands as though
he never would stop.

  Finally he wadded the money up into
a bunch and pushed it through the win-
dow.

  “ There you are,” he said.

  Harry supposed he had simply made a
mistake, and nodded his head in the di-
rection of the receiving-teller.

  “ Wrong window,” he admonished
shortly.

  “ No,, no,” persisted the man. “ That’s
yours.”

  “ Mine? ” staring blankly.

  “ Certainly. What you won on Gold
Heels yesterday. Five thousand dollars
at official odds of six to one, or thirty
thousand as your profit. Count it, and
see if there isn’t thirty-five thousand in
the bundle?”

  Harry wondered if he was dreaming,
or the man insane.

  “ But Gold Heels didn’t win,” he
faltered. “ He led all the way to the
finish, but was beaten out by a little sorrel
who came from behind.”

  “ Oh, that was Gold Hills,” said the
man impatiently.

  Then he stopped abruptly, and now it
was his turn to stare.

  “ Do you mean to tell me that you

intended to bet on Gold Hills,” he asked
in awestruck tones, “ and got your money
down on Gold Heels instead? Man,
man,” dazedly shaking his head, “ you
ought to quit this job and go into a
museum as the greatest specimen of luck
unhung.

  “ Still, I oughtn’t to kick,” he added
cheerfully, “ for I followed your lead,
and drew in a nice little wad myself. I’m
just on my way to the next window now
to give it to you chaps to take care of.
Well, so long. Come over and see me
soon again.”

  Harry threw up his hands.

  “ Not on your life! ” he rejoined gaily.

“ Lightning never strikes but once in the
same place, and I’ve been hit.”

  Then, without delay, he wired six thou- 1
sand dollars to Chicago to meet the bogus
draft when it should arrive, and deposit-
ed the balance to the credit of his almost
moribund bank account.

  Strange how all the world now took on
a different aspect! The sky was blue and
the sun shining, and even the grumpy old
bookkeeper, whom he disliked, appeared
to him as a long-lost brother.

  Yet, one thing remained unaltered. He
felt that he must still tell Daniel G.—■
not only because the bank had a right
to know of the transaction concerning the
draft, but also for his own sake, in order
that the memory of the dressing-down he
was going to receive might serve as a
deterrent to any such escapades in the
future.

  And tell he did, falteringly, shame-
facedly, but holding nothing back and
concealing not one thing.

  Daniel G. listened to the end in si- •
lence. Then he observed dryly:

  “ And so you borrowed six thousand
dollars of the bank’s money, and by your
good judgment made thirty thousand dol-
lars in one afternoon. That looks like
good business to me. "Let’s go into it to-
gether.”

  “ Not for me,” and Harry spoke em-
phatically. “ I wouldn’t go through
what I have suffered in .the past twenty-
four hours again for thirty thousand
times thirty thousand dollars. And as
for good judgment, I have already told
you that my winning was a sheer fluke,
the bull-headedest sort of bull-headed
luck. No, sir. I have made up my
THAT STICK AND SINGLETON.

219

mind. I will never lay a wager on an-
other horse-race. So far as I am con-
cerned, hereafter the horse will ‘ run for
Sweeny,’ as they say at the track.”

  The severe hut kindly old banker gave
one of his rare smiles.

  “ Right, my boy,” he said, “ and I be-
lieve you. You*have had a hard lesson;
but I think you will be an all the better
man on account of it. You have told
me very little concerning your squander-
ing of money and your idle habits which
I did not already know, for I have kept
closer tab on you than you have perhaps
thought.

  “ But I have always trusted that you
would see whither you were heading some
day, and would then pull up short. And
I believe that time has now come to you,
Harry.

    You have shown it by coming to me
for this interview this morning. You
showed it by the noble way in which you
stood by George in that affair of his—”

  “ George? ”

  “ Yes,” smiling a little sadly. “ You
have not been the only one to make con-
fession to me this morning. The boy had
been weak, even criminal; but I am glad
to say he behaved like a man in the end,
and told me everything of his own ac-
cord. You will know some day how

deeply I appreciate the share you took in
the transaction.”

  “ I only wish I could have done more,”
said Harry modestly. “ I am afraid, as it
turned out, there can be no escape from
some notoriety.”

  “ Oh, yes, there.can,” returned the old
man. “ That has already been arranged,
and Corning and Spear will be prose-
cuted not for the affair of the bonds, but
for some very shady business deals in
which they have been engaged, and of
which I was already cognizant. I am
told that both of them are almost certain
to receive long terms in Sing Sing.”

  He paused, and Rock, taking this as a
signal for him to go, started toward the
door; but the old man called him back.

  “ Am I mistaken, Harry,” he asked a
bit constrainedly, “ that you have always
cared a good deal more for Anita than
you showed upon the surface? ”

  Harry, taken utterly by surprise, raised
a pair of quick, startled eyes to meet the
old man’s gaze, bent searchingly upon
him.

  Their glances interchanged, and, al-
though not a word was spoken, both un-
derstood what was in the other’s mind.

  “ She is free, Harry,” said Daniel G.
softly at last. “ Why don’t you go in and
win ? ”

                                      TIIF, END.

THAT STICK AND SINGLETON.

     >

                 By JOSEPH IVERS LAWRENCE.

            An early morning sally after thieves, and the singular fashion in
            which the belated member of the posse gave an account of himself.

ONE after another the brightly
lighted windows of the big Thor-
ley house winked out until it was only
a huge black shadow in the moonlight.

  A house party of some magnitude was
in progress, and there had been dancing
in the evening; but the guests, tired after
a day of golf, tennis, and rowing, had
retired early, and by one o’clock not
even a servant was about, and perfect
quiet reigned. The moon cast a pale
blue light over the lawn, throwing the
cordons of rare evergreens and exotic
shrubs into all sorts of fantastic, figures ;

but not a sound was to be heard, not
even when three creeping figures parted
the branches of a clump of conifers and
hastened stealthily across the grass. A
wakeful sparrow chirped protestingly at
having his rest broken, but the three in-
truders made no sound.

  They crept into the dark shadows of
the veranda, and immediately concen-
trated their attention upon a window-
leading into the hall. That they could
not have been adepts may be gathered
from the fact that, after they had labored
over the work of the glazier and lock-
220

THE ARGOSY.

smith for some moments, a sleep-destroy-
ing burglar-alarm went off like the
tocsin of an army, and in another in-
stant the whole house was lighted as for
a festival.

   The three novices were good runners,
and made off across the grounds without
minding garden-paths or new flower-
beds; and it is probable that no harm
might have been done, beyond breaking
the rest of a sparrow and ruining a good
pane of glass, had not a young groom,
returning home from a night off in the
town, heard the alarm-bell in the house
of his master and thrown himself cour-
ageously in the path of the fugitives.

  He was a brawny lad, . well able to
give an account of himself, and he gave
the tallest of the three a sharp tussle for
a moment; but one of the ruffian’s com-
rades came to his rescue, and quickly
rendered the poor groom hors de combat
by hammering his head vigorously with
a heavy jimmy.

  When Mr. Thorley ran out with a
number of his male guests, the inter-
lopers were far away, and the groom lay
there, his face turned up to the moon,
with a fractured skull. A motor - car
was quickly brought from the garagt*
and he was hurried to the .hospital in the
town; but he died without regaining
consciousness.

  There was little sleep in the house
after that; some of the women were
hysterical and required medical attend-
ance, and the men sat up and smoked
and talked of various methods of run-
ning the bandits to earth.

   The alarm was telegraphed to all the
neighboring towns, and it was decided
that as soon as day dawned the men
would start out under the leadejship of
a deputy sheriff and scour the country-
side. It seemed very probable that the
ruffians would hide near by until oppor-
tunity offered an easy escape out of the
region.

   As the gray light came in at the win-
dows, the men proceeded to arm them-
selves with care; the gun-room was de-
pleted of shotguns, and Thorley scraped
up a revolver or two.

   “Where is Singleton?” he inquired.

  “ Gone back to bed,” sniffed Brooks
with contempt.

   “ But I am sure he intends to go with

you,” protested Ethel Thorley in defense
of the absent.

  “ Call Mr. Singleton,” said the host
sourly to a servant.

  Presently the man returned and re-
ported that Mr. Singleton was dressing,
and would join the party in a half-hour.

  “ He seems indifferent to work of this
sort,” remarked Brooks, with a side
glance at Miss Thorley.

  “ Never mind,” said her father, “ we
will start without him, and he can join
us at his pleasure.”

  When Singleton came down - stairs
Miss Thorley greeted him rather coldly.

  “ They have started,” slie told him,
“ and father said you might follow if
you cared to.”

   “ Oh, well, now, isn’t that too bad ? ”
said Singleton calmly. “ I didn’t know
there was such a rush. And they’ve
taken all the artillery with them, I’ll
wager.”

  “ Must you be armed cap-a-pie to
hunt for a few footpads?” asked the
girl with some acidity.

4 “ Why, no,” laughed Singleton. “ I
wonder that they cared to go out like a
squad of musketeers. I shall be satis-
fied with one of those stout sticks in the
hall-rack; my own is rather light for a
combat.”

  lie lighted a cigarette and chose the
heaviest stick in his host’s collection;
then he sauntered forth to trail the
posse.

  The neighborhood was thoroughly
aroused by the cruel death of the groom,
and most of the men were assisting in
the search; so Singleton had some dif-
ficulty in getting information as to the
direction the party had taken; but soon
he got a general idea of their proposed
route, and calculated that he might, by
fast walking, come up with them in half
an hour.

   Over the hills he strode, paying little
heed to the quest of the robbers, as the
posse had already covered the ground.
As he gained a high eminence he saw
on the next hilltop, outlined against the
sky, several figures. They seemed to
pause for a while, and then took up the
march and came toward him, evidently
retracing their steps.

  He at once started down the hilly
road to meet them in the valley.
THAT STICK AND SINGLETON.

221

  A few clouds had gathered, the sun
was obscured, and soon a few large
drops fell; then a few more in quicker
cadence, and a roaring summer shower
broke over the valley. There was no
hope of avoiding a soaking; but Single-
ton turned up his collar and raced for
the nearest shelter, which happened to
be a deserted shanty that had once done
duty as a farmhouse.

  As he neared it he saw that the
cracked and shrunken door was closed;
but he was thinking solely of escaping
as much of the rain as possible, and he
went at the door like a battering-ram.
It was apparently fastened with a rusty
old bolt; but the wood gave way, and he
landed inside.

  It was quite dimly lighted by two
small windows, shaded by the wild
growth of lilacs outside, and he did not
see clearly for an instant; then he looked
about him and discovered that he was the
center of a group of three.

  They had none of the air of peaceable
rustics,-ready to welcome him to shelter;
one black-visaged fellow stood glower-
ing at him and training a vicious-looking
derringer menacingly; the other two
were prepared to make flank attacks at
any moment with a long knife and a
black-jack, respectively.

  “ I fear I intrude?” remarked Sin-
gleton.

  “ Well, that’s about the size of it,”
said the man with the gun; “ but you’d
better stay right where you are, and
don’t move your hands round too much.
I’m pretty nervous, and I might let the
gun go off accidental.”

  Singleton leaned against the table in
the middle of the room and tried to pre-
serve some nonchalance, fingering his
walking-stick idly, but prepared to grip
it firmly and defend himself at any mo-
ment.

  “What we goin’ to do with ’im?”
asked the man with the knife.

  The man with the gun deliberated for
a moment.

  “ Gag him and tie him up in thg
garret, I guess,” he suggested.

  “ Pah! ” said the fellow with the
black-jack; “they’d find ’im within
twenty-four hours, and he’d give the
police a full description of our mugs and
our clothes and everything.”

  “ Well, you tell us what to do with
him then,” said the first speaker. “ Maybe
you’d like to take him along with us for
a pet.”

  The desperado thought deeply, glan-
cing over the athletic form of Singleton;
then he looked at the walking-stick, the
knife, and the revolver, each in turn.

  “ Kill ’im! ” he growled gutturally.
“ We’ve done one already; might just as
well do two.”

  The other two flinched slightly, but
Singleton held himself together.

  “ Sir, you are a man of action. There
is nothing like thoroughness,” he ob-
served coolly.

  “ Pretty fresh at that,” said the man
of the gun; “ you’d better shut up.”

  At that. moment voices were heard
echoing faintly from the valley. Sin-
gleton and the robbers started nervously
and listened. The posse must be within
five hundred yards of the shanty, and
the men would be-sure to notice that the
door had been forced in since they had
inspected it in the morning.

  “ You let out one peep and you’re a
dead one,” said the man with the gun,
brandishing it slightly.

  “My God! ye’re not goin’ to stay
here like this and wait to see if they’re
cornin’ to call, are yer?” demanded an-
other fellow.

  “No,” said the first; “we’d better
gag this lad now and take ’im up in the
garret and keep quiet.”

  The man with the knife set about
searching for a rope and a suitable gag,
while the other two eyed Singleton as
though dreading to lay hands on him.
His stick was stout and his eye deter-
mined; but he leaned calmly against the
table, apparently indifferent to what
they were saying or planning.

  The voices now sounded much nearer,
and Singleton knew that he could make
his friends hear if he shouted loudly;
but the derringer in the hand of the
stupid brute before him had to be reck-
oned with, as well as the long knife and
the bludgeon.

  He still toyed with the stick idly to
conceal his agitation, and he wondered
how far he might depend on his old
training as a fencer to defend him with
a cane against three more dangerous
weapons. If luck were on his side, the
222	THE

stick was heavy enough to break the wrist
of the derringer-man in one quick blow,
and then the other two might be settled
with as many thrusts in the neck, if the
direction of his lunge was still reliable.

  The odds were unquestionably three
to one; but he was a good sportsman,
and they didn’t seem so heavy. As one’s
mind turns on the most trivial things at
the gravest moments, he thought, for a
passing instant, how finely polished and
.satiny the stick was as it slipped through
his fingers; and in the next he started
with ill-concealed excitement.

   His forefinger had suddenly encoun-
tered a peculiar excrescence on the
smooth surface of the Malacca. It could
mean but one thing; a beautifully fin-
ished stick like that would hardly have
chance flaws and knots in its surface.
His face flushed with pleasure and relief
as the little knot yielded to the pressure
of his finger; the plain, inoffensive walk-
ing-stick was the envelope of one of those
little aristocrats of the great family of
cold steel, a Damascus dueling-blade—
triangular, elastic, tough—with a point
as sharp as a cambric needle.

   He would have but to press the small
button, whip the slender blade from its
disguising case, and he would be as well
armed as any good fencer cares to be.
But the gun might go off first, and he
decided that his first move was to strike
the weapon from the man’s hand; then
he could jump back against the door and
defend himself against all comers with
the naked blade.

  The posse was evidently within two
hundred yards of the house, but moving
slowly; and the man with the gun
looked around uneasily as the searcher
returned with an old cord, a rag, and a
bit of wood. He looked at Singleton
almost kindly.

   *“ Now, you be sensible and do as we
tell yer, and you’ll get along all right,”
he said.

  “ Very well,” replied Singleton.
“ What shall I do first?”

   “ Drop that club and turn yer back,”
ordered the man; and, as the approach-
ing voices sounded suddenly nearer, he
added: “ And be blame quick about it! ”

   “ Yes! ” shouted Singleton; “ let’s be
quick.”

  And with the speed of lightning he

ARGOSY.	.

 brought down the stick upon* the wrist
 of the man before him, knocking the
 derringer to the floor and exploding it.
 At the same time he shouted wildly for
 help.

   As he jumped backward, the man with
the knife rushed at him and thrust wild-
ly, before he could draw his new-found
weapon; but with an upward motion
Singleton buried the ferrule of the stick
in the softest part of the man’s neck.
The fellow went over backward and lay
upon the floor without moving.

  At that 'moment the man with the
maimed wrist and his remaining pal fled
up the stairs to the garret like fright-
ened rabbits, as the door was thrown
open and the room swarmed with ex-
cited men.

   The two men in the garret were soon
routed out and handcuffed, and a farm-
wagon was procured to take them to the
county jail and their apparently life-
less comrade to the hospital. Then the
Thorley party made its way home by
the shortest route, and Thorley proceed-
ed to celebrate the heroism of Singleton
in a truly Pickwickian fashion.

   Wine was fetched from the cellar and
 a repast was laid, and every one had to
 shake the hero by the hand several times
 and assure him that no one else would
 have had the courage to contend with
 three ruffians single-handed in a half-
 lighted room. Brooks was a little stiff,
 remembering his slurs of the morning;
 bu\ he assured Singleton that it was
 really a fine thing to do.

   “You did just what I. expected you
would do if you had the opportunity,”
whispered Ethel Thorley, blushing and
pressing his hand more than cordially.

  “ Oh, now, let me have a word! ”
laughed Singleton. “ I don’t want all
the glory of this affair without explain-
ing some of the inside of it. You see,
I thought I had an ordinary walking-
stick when I tumbled into the shanty
with those fellows, and I believed I had
a rather slim chance in a scrimmage with
them; but my household gods were with
me, and I suddenly discovered a little
button on the stick, which told me that
I was armed with a good sword-cane.
That gave me a great burst of courage,
and without further .consideration I
plunged into the mess, and they dis-
AT HIS MERCY.

223

persed before I had even time to draw
my trusty blade.”

  At this moment, while the audience
was listening to the narrative with bated
breath, inarticulate, apoplectic sounds
drew all eyes to Mr. Thorley. who was
seen to be purple in the face from sup-
pressed laughter.

 “My word! Oh, Lord! -Oh, save
me! ” he howled, rocking backward and
forward and holding his sides.

  “What is the matter?” shouted every
one at the same time.

  “ Are you ill, father? ” cried Ethel.
“No—no!” he gasped, partially re-
covering ; “ but Singleton ! Oh, Single-
ton, you will be the death of me! Didn’t
you draw that keen blade from its scab-
bard at all, you rogue ? ”

  “ Why, no,” answered Singleton. “ I
found that the danger was over before
it had well begun, and I really never
thought to look at the blade afterward.”

  Thorley had a slight relapse, but
managed to gasp to the butler who was
in attendance:

  “ Go fetch me that heavy stick from
the hall-stand.”

  The butler brought in the now-famous
Malacca cane, and all eyes were turned
upon it with reverence; but Thorley
seized it and, still shaking with laughter,
pressed the button with his fat thumb,
took off the upper part of the stick, and
disclosed to the view of the astonished
audience, in the lower section, the mouth
of a glass tube from which he decanted
into his wine-glass a fluid which resem-
bled good brandy.

  As Singleton and the rest began to
recover their wits and grasp the situa-
tion, Thorley raised his glass and said:
“ I propose a toast to the hero who,
armed with his trusty brandy - flask,
fought and captured three desperadoes,
single-handed.”

AT HIS MERCY.

            By JOHNSTON McCULLEY,

         Author of “ Land of Lost Hope," “ Shipmates With Horror,” etc.

   How a great city became practically dead, and the strange con-
   ditions encountered by those who braved the perils of the place.

CHAPTER I.

THE INVISIBLE WALL.

AT ten minutes after the hour of
noon, on a bright day in April,
the South Coast Limited was speeding
toward the city of Merton at a rate of
sixty miles an hour.

  Jerry Calkins, the veteran engineer,
grasped the throttle firmly, and his eyes
watched closely the twin lines of steel
ahead. The train was due at Merton
in three minutes, and was seven miles
from the Union Station. Calkins was
a man who detested being behind time.

  Suddenly the locomotive whistle
shrieked.

  “ Well, we’re at the junction tower,”
commented bis fireman. “ We’ll not be
more than five minutes late at that.
And after all the bad luck we’ve had—”

  “ Shut up, you fool! ” Calkins cried
above the roar of the train. “ Five min-

utes amounts to something when we’re
driving the crack train of the road! Do
you take this for an annulled freight?
We’ll get called by the old man as much
as though that five minutes was five
hours! This is the last time I’m going
to try— What the deuce! ”

  The fireman gave a cry 'of alarm.
Jerry Calkins answered it with a cry of
wonder. Then he swung on the throttle
quickly, and stood on the floor of the
cab, shaking like a nervous wreck, great
drops of perspiration standing out on
his face and arms.

  “What—what was it?” the fireman
gasped.

  P'or the limited, running at a mile a
minute, had suddenly stopped, as though
it had crashed against a stone wall!

 “ I—I thought we’d jumped the
track!” Jerry gasped. “ W-what—”

  “ We’re still on the track! ” the fire-
man cried. “ What did it?”
224

THE ARGOSY.

  There came a chorus of cries from the
coaches and sleepers behind. Passengers
poured from the cars and ran alongside
the train toward the locomotive.

  They had been thrown violently from
their seats; many of them had received
serious cuts and bruises. They ex-
pected to find the results of a head-on
collision, to see mangled bodies of en-
ginemen, to gaze upon twisted steel
where monster locomotives had been be-
fore.

  Instead, they found the locomotive,
tender, baggage and mail cars standing
on the track uninjured, looking just the
same as though the train had been under
the great train-shed at Merton!

  “ What is it, Jerry? ” the conductor
cried, pushing his way through the
crowd.

  “ We—we stopped,” the engineer mut-
tered.

  “ I should think you did, and you
piled up every one behind you. But
why did you stop her?”

  “ I—I didn’t stop her! ” the engineer
answered. “ She stopped while the
throttle was wide open, just as I was
throwing her open wider after passing
the junction tower. I don’t know—”

  “ I thought you’d pulled up to pre-
vent a collision,” the conductor went
on. “ Something the matter with the
locomotive, perhaps. Look her over.
I’ll get these people away, so you can
work! ”

  The conductor turned to the passen-
gers.

  “ All aboard! ” he cried. “ All
aboard! ”

  “But why did he stop?” chorused a
hundred voices.

  The conductor was something of a
diplomat, and had the honor of the road
at heart. He smiled down at them from
his position on the steps of the loco-
motive.

  “Just thank your stars that you were
riding behind an engineer who had sense
enough to stop the minute he knew
something was wrong, instead of taking
a chance and wrecking you while you
were so near home—and don’t ask ques-
tions now,” he said.

  Muttering among themselves at the
unsatisfactory reply, the passengers
made their way back to the cars. Jerry

and the fireman sprang to the ground
immediately, and looked over the loco-
motive.

  “ She’s as good as the day she came
from the shops!” Jerry reported.
“ There’s nothing wrong with her! ”

  “ Maybe she just had a spasm,” the
fireman suggested. “ Locomotives do
funny things sometimes.”

  “You’re right there!" said Jerry.
“ Well, we’ll try it again.”

  They got back in the cab, and Jerry
backed the long train.

  “ She seems to be all right now,” he
remarked. “ Confound it! This will
put us back another five minutes.”

  The train came to a stop, and then
began to move forward.

  “She’s all right!” Jerry cried.
“Well, wouldn’t this thing jar you?”

  “ Funny,” commented the fireman.

  The locomotive arrived at the place
where it had stepped so peculiarly be-
fore, and it stopped again!

  Jerry shut off steam, then opened the
throttle slowly, then threw it open
quickly, and tried every trick of his pro-
fession. But the locomotive seemed
glued to that one spot.

  He could move the train backward, he
could move it forward to a certain point
—then it stopped. An,d the great dri-
ving-wheels spun around on the rails
just the same, whether the track was
sanded or not, but the giant locomotive
wouldn’t move forward an inch.

  Jerry shut off steam again. His face
was white, and he was shaking.

  “What on earth is it?” the fireman
cried.

  The conductor had made his way for-
ward a second time, and sprang into, the
cab to ask questions. Jerry explained
all that he knew. The conductor
laughed.

  Jerry illustrated by backing the train
and approaching slowly. There was no
doubting for the conductor, then. The
engine was under perfect control any-
where except at that particular place on
the track. The train would back as far
as the engineer desired it, and approach
at any speed until it reached that spot—
then it would stop suddenly.

  “ Just like running up against a stone
wall,” said the fireman.

  “ But you can see a stone wall,” re-
AT I1IS

MERCY.

225

plied the conductor. “ And you can’t
see anything here! ”

  They made a quick examination of
the track. Everything seemed to be all
right. The mystery was beyond explain;
ing.

  “If there’s anything the matter with
that locomotive, it’s something I’ve never
run across before, and I’ve railroaded
some,” Jerry said.

  “ But there isn’t any other explana-
tion,” the conductor retorted.

  “ Well, it is no use to try to run in
town again,” Jerry went on. “ It’s time
for the outgoing limited to be coming
along, too. We’ll have to take a
siding! ”

  “ I’ll send a brakeman back to the
junction tower to wire in,” the conduct-
or said. “ The limited won’t come out
while we’re on this block.”

  The brakeman was sent back with the
report—a report which stated that at
a certain place in the track, Jerry’s loco-
motive had stopped like a balky horse,
and refused to budge an inch; that it
seemed everything was all right as long
as no attempt was made to pass that one
spot. It was suggested that the out-
going limited run slowly until it had
passed the side-tracked ingoing train
and the junction tower.

  The superintendent swore when he
got that message; then he ran down and
got on the outgoing limited, and ordered
it to proceed. When the train rounded
the curve out of the yards, those on its
locomotive could see Jerry’s train side-
tracked and waiting. The track seemed
all right.

  “ Something wrong with Jerry’s en-
gine, that’s all,” muttered the superin-
tendent. “ I thought he’d been in the
business long enough to know an en-
gine ! ”

  Those on Jerry’s locomotive watched
closely as the other train approached.
It was running slowly, the engineer ap-
parently using great caution. It ap-
proached the spot beyond which Jerry’s
train had refused to go—now it was
upon it, now it had passed, and the last
car was rattling over it as the foremost
cars came abreast of Jerry’s locomotive.
The superintendent sprang oif, and the
outgoing train, its locomotive giving a
whistle that seemed to be one of derision

   3	A

to Jerry, dashed away on its long jour-
ney.

  “Well, wouldn’t that jar you?”
Jerry exclaimed.

  “ What’s the matter here? ” the super-
intendent cried. “ Don’t you know how
to run an engine? Do you know you’ve
got a few hundred passengers behind
you that are swearing at this road and
every one connected with it? What’s
the trouble?”	i

  “ I—I don’t know, sir,” Jerry replied.

  He explained at length to the su-
perintendent, and the superintendent
laughed, as the conductor had done.
Jerry, therefore, demonstrated.

  He backed the train and handled it
with his usual skill. Then he ran it
forward; but when it reached that point
in the track, the locomotive jarred and
stopped.

  “Jumping Jerusalem!” exploded the
superintendent. “ But we can’t stop to
explain it now! Send some one back
to the tower and order out another en-
gine. Uncouple, Jerry, and leave the
train on the main track. Then take that
antiquated pile of junk you’re running
and put it on the side track! ”

  In time, the other locomotive arrived
from the yards. It passed the myste-
rious stretch of track safely. It coupled
on to the limited, and started to pull.
The train gathered speed and ap-
proached that mysterious spot. Jerry
and his fireman and the superintendent
stood beside the track, watching.

  And when the train reached the spot,
it stopped again!

  “ What the—” the official began.

  He ran forward, with Jerry and the
fireman at his heels.

  The other engineer was swearing and
trying everything of which he could
think to carry his train beyond that
spot.

  “ Guess my engine’s gone back on me,
sir,” he said, as the superintendent came
running up.

  The passengers were piling out of the
cars again, some of them business men,
who looked at their watches and mut-
tered things about the road; others were
travelers who were missing connections.
They crowded around the superintend-
ent and demanded an explanation. The
official was in agony.
226

THE ARGOSY.

  “ There’s only one thing to do,” he
cried. “ We don’t know what’s the mat-
ter. but it is evidently something in the
track. We can’t make a locomotive go
past this spot. You’ll have to walk down
the track half a mile to the nearest
street-car. We’ll get your baggage to
the station as quickly as possible. If
you are sustaining losses, you’ll have to
sue the road, I guess. I can’t help it,
and these men of mine can’t. We can’t
take a train past that spot, and that’s all
there is to it! ”

  There was a chorus of objections, but
they soon ceased, and the passengers re-
turned to the coaches for their hand-
baggage. There was nothing to do ex-
cept to adopt the superintendent’s plan.

  They started down the track, tw’o
traveling men leading the crowd. As
they came to the mysterious spot, a few
yards awray, which the superintendent
had pointed out as the one beyond which
the train could not go, their interest in-
creased, and they inspected the track.

  “ Looks like an ordinary track to me,
and that outgoing train didn’t seem to
have any trouble here,” one of the trav-
eling men remarked. “ That superin-
tendent’s lying, for some reason. Hope
a hundred sue the road—and get what
they sue for! Rotten management! ”
The other was walking some distance
in front of him. Suddenly he stopped,
backed up, started forward, and stopped,
again. Then he dropped his grip on the
ground and went through the pantomime
of pushing against something with all
his strength.

  To the man behind, it looked as
though he was pushing against the air.

  “ Are you crazy, too, pal ? ” he cried
loudly.

  The other looked around; his face
was white, horror written in every line
of it.

  “ Try to walk past here! ” he ex-
claimed.

  “Past where? I don’t see anything.”
“ Neither do I. But try to walk down
the track.”

“Think I can’t? Just w'atch me!”
But he didn’t proceed far. He
stopped, as the other had done, and
looked around with a puzzled expression
on his face.

  Then the rest of the crowd caught up

with them, and tried to walk down the
track, and could not do it.

  At first they were amazed, and then,
after repeated futile attempts to move
forward, their amazement gave place to
terror. What was wrong? Apparently,
here wras nothing but a stretch of ordi-
nary railroad track, and ordinary at-
mosphere, but at a certain point it seemed
they ran against an invisible wall, and
could go no farther.

  It doesn’t take terror long to fasten
itself upon people when it is founded
on something seemingly supernatural.
In ten minutes the passengers of the
limited constituted a frenzied mob.
They ran to either side of the track, a
hundred yards—two—three hundred—
and tried to walk toward the city there,
but always it wras the same.

  A tramp walking out from the city
observed the crowd, and wondered what
the trouble was. They stopped their
crazed actions to watch him. He cami-
on—and passed the invisible wall.

  They surrounded him. tried to explain,
finally persuaded him to try to walk
back. He did more than try to walk
back. He tried to run back, with fear
in his heart, for he thought a crowd of
lunatics was at his heels.

  And when he reached that invisible
wall, he came to a quick stop!

  At this juncture, one of the travel-
ing men noticed a team being driven
along a near-by road—from the city to
the country. It passed out safely. An-
other team w-as going toward the city.
It stopped!

  The driver lashed his horses, but they
could not move forward. The driver
himself started to run ahead to pick up
a club that lay in the road—but he
couldn’t get to the club!

  A dog trotted down the track toward
the city. When he reached the invisible
wall, he stopped, acted peculiarly, then
turned tail and fled, howling with all
the power of his lungs!

  “What does it mean? What does it
mean?” the people wrere crying.

  But nobody knew.

  Human beings, domestic animals,
trains—things animate and inanimate,
no matter what their motive power—
could pass, coming from the city, to the
outside.
AT HIS MERCY.

227

  But nothing could pass froth the out-
side into the city!

CHAPTER II.

THE ONLY MEN IN TOWN.

  There was a press telegrapher on
Jerry Calkins’s train. He offered his
services, and was taken back to the junc-
tion tower, where the regular operator
was deposed and the more expert man sat
down before the key.

  He managed to get his wire connected
with telegraph headquarters in Merton.
Then he tapped out the story.

  Headquarters did not believe at first.
The chief thought some raving maniac
had gained possession of the tower. But
soon there came messages from other
points—from east and west and north—
and they told substantially the same
story.

  The invisible wall seemed to surround
the city!

  The newspapers came out with extra
editions and made the news public. And
the people laughed!

  Then the leading paper, a conservative
organ, announced that it had sent its best
man to the place where Jerry’s train was
standing, and, that their man, after gath-
ering the facts—was not able to reenter
the city!

  The news spread throughout the town
with great rapidity. The electric lines
did a thriving business, especially the one
which had a terminus within half a mile
of where Jerry’s train was stalled.
Crowds of people left the cars there and
hurried down the track toward the crowd
outside.

  They rushed forward, heard the story
from the others, and started to rush back
to spread it among later arrivals. And
they found they could not get back!

  The people were divided into two
classes. One class still laughed, and
wanted to experiment; the other class
thought it some trick, and did not even
take the trouble to laugh.

  People who journeyed to the invisible
wall could see nothing unusual except
the peculiar antics of the people outside.
Every person went out sure that he, or
she, would be able to return where the
others had failed. And in this manner

several thousand people found themselves
outside when night came, and unable to
return.

  Business men were separated from their
establishments. Employees who worked
at night were unable to go to their labor.
Husbands w'ere separated from their
wives, fathers and mothers from their
children.

  There was no sleep in Merton that
night. 'I'he people crowded the business
section and discussed the affair. Street
preachers took advantage of it. Throngs
on every corner read the latest bulletins
sent by the telegraphers outside.

  Morning dawned upon a scene of ter-
ror. Thousands of messages came from
the outside, telling relatives and friends
to leave the city of mystery. People col-
lected their valuables, drew their money
from the banks, and got away as rapidly
as possible.

  Outgoing trains were crowded. By
noon one-third of the two hundred thou-
sand inhabitants had passed out.

  And every one found it impossible to
return !

  At first the outside world laughed, too.
But gradually it dawned upon the nation
that the story was no hoax. Something
unusual was happening at Merton—some-
thing unlike anything that had ever hap-
pened in history.

  Trains carried thousands of excursion-
ists who wanted to test the invisible wall.
Scientists rushed to the scene.

  In three days Merton was surrounded
by a great camp. I’he Governor of the
State ordered out the militia to preserve
order. The War Department was ap-
pealed to, and a regiment of regular
troops sent to aid the State guardsmen.

  And out of the city poured the
inhabitants, intent only upon quitting
the dreaded circle of mystery!

  Inside the invisible wall riot reigned.
Peace officers, with fear in their hearts,
were deserting their posts. Everything
was at a standstill. Every one stopped
work to leave the city.

  At the end of the week the place
seemed deserted by women and children,
only now and then one being seen, and
by all men except a few who remained
at their posts, and the criminal class,
part of which ignored their fear long
enough to profit by the occurrence.
228

THE ARGOSY.

  About the end of the first week, there-
fore, the city of Merton, but a few days
before so beautiful and prosperous, was
an inferno. A few hundred coarse char-
acters roamed the streets, looting resi-
dences and business houses.

  Their senses numbed by liquor, they
committed every crime of which they
could think. One by one they made their
way from town, carrying with them their
ill-gotten gains.

  And after a few days of this, after
the first excitement of crime wore away,
these low criminals began to fear; and
one day, following a night during which
there had been a thunder-storm unusual-
ly violent, they seemed to rush from the
city in a drove, maddened by a fear that
had come upon them mysteriously in a
moment.

  It was that same day that the day-
telegraphers at headquarters deserted the
wire, absolutely refusing to remain at
their posts a moment longer, and the
wires went dead.

  The thousands outside could get no
word. In the junction tower, and in
the other near-by telegraph stations out-
side, operators in vain called headquar-
ters. There was no answer.

  Jerry Calkins was at the junction
tower, where he spent a great part of his
time when not pulling the special trains
that ran from the invisible wall to the
next division - point on the road. He
heard people saying that all of the teleg-
raphers had deserted.

  “Not all,” he cried. “You can bet
my son hasn’t.”

  “Your son?” said the mayor of Mer-
ton, who happened to be present.

  “ Yes, sir. He’s on the night-shift.
Bob Calkins—that’s his name. He’s been
trained right—and you can bet he hasn’t
deserted his post.”

  “ But the wire is dead,” complained an
operator.

  “Didn’t I say Bob worked nights?”
demanded Jerry. “You Avait until it’s
time for him to go to work, and he’ll be
there, ready to do his duty.”

  “ Let us hope so,” said the mayor; but
the way he said it indicated that he had
no hope himself. Personally the mayor
didn’t blame any one for deserting the
city. He had deserted himself.

  Bob Calkins roomed with another

night-telegrapher, Fred Haverson. That
morning they had gone to their boarding-
house as usual and turned in, after a
strenuous night’s work.

  They had the entire house to them-
selves, and they slept in a bed that had
not been made up, and were forced to go
to that bed without a meal, except such
a one as they evolved from canned goods
taken from a little grocery.

  The two men awoke about four in the
afternoon.

  “ Well, Bob,” Haverson asked. “ what
are we going to do? ”

  “ Go to work,” Bob Calkins answered.

  “ Are we going to stick? ”

  “ We are ! ”

  “ All right—you’re the boss.’’

  “ You didn’t want to throw up your
job, did you? ” Bob demanded.

  “ N-no—not exactly. Only, it’s get-
ting spooky working in an infernal city
like this. Great Sc^tt! How those chaps
were tearing the town to pieces yester-
day ! ”

 “Dirty ghouls!” commented Bob
Calkins. “ We’re decent, anyway, and
we haven’t lost our nerve yet. And we’ve
been honest, thank God, in spite of all
the temptation we’ve had! We haven’t
taken a thing that didn’t belong to us.
except something to eat from the gro-
ceries and the bakeries — and 1 guess
they’d ought to allow us that.”

  “ Speaking of eating—” began Fred.

  “ We’ll eat now,” laughed Bob.
“Come along! Got your revolver?
That’s good! We’re liable to need it.”

  They left the house and walked rap-
idly toward the central part of the town.

  They saw not a single person. Doors
stood open; here and there a dog or horse
wandered up the street. There was not
the usual jangling of street - cars, the
rumbling of trucks, the chng-cJiug of
motors, the sound of hurrying footsteps.
The great silence was oppressive.

  “ ’Tis rather spooky,” Bob muttered.

  “ Guess every one’s gone,” said Fred.

  “Nonsense! They’re merely so scat-
tered that we don’t happen to run into
anybody,” Bob replied.

  They entered a grocery, the doors of
which stood wide open, and began de-
bating on what sort of food they would
eat.

  The store had been ransacked for val-
AT II1S MERCY.	229

uables, and presented a weird appearance.
Fred Haverson seated himself upon
the counter, with a link of sausage in
one hand and some crackers in the other.
Bob opened two cans of pears and a tin
of preserved meat.

  “ There’s no limit to the bill of fare,”
Bob remarked.

  “ But this sort of thing is going to
get monotonous,” Fred objected.

  “ Well, we can change eating-houses
as often as we like,” Bob replied. “ And
we must select some place where we can
do a little cooking. Can you make cof-
fee?”

  “ Sure!”

  “ Cook meat? ”

  “ Of course.”

  “ Then we’re all right. We’ll lie able
to find fresh meat for quite a time in the
refrigerators. Then we’ll have to descend
to bacon. Oh, we’ll have plenty to eat
as long as we remain in town.”

  “How about something to drink?”
Haverson asked. “ The water-works are
deserted, of course, and the water in the
mains will be getting stale before many
days. And neither of us is a boozer.”

  “ We’ve got all kinds of time to find
a well, and the right to look in any one’s
yard for it,” Bob answered. “ Forget
about those things—'we’ll get along all
right. What we want to think about is
this confounded mystery. What on earth
do you suppose it is? ”

  “ It’s my private opinion,” answered
Haverson, “ that the whole town has
gone insane. Fancy not being able to
walk through ordinary air! I’ve got a
notion to go out 'and have a try myself! ”
Bob Calkins grasped him by the arm.
“ That’s exactly what several thousand
persons did, and found they were unable
to get back,” he said. “ Don’t get to
thinking about that. Let’s get down to
work; maybe they’ve solved the mystery
since morning.”

  They went on through the deserted
city, seeing no one. Bob had been wise
enough to take several candles from the
grocery.

  “ We’ll need them,” he explained to
Haverson. “ There’ll be no electric
lights to-night—no workmen at the plant.
And we’ll not be able to find any kero-
sene - lamps in the Electrical Building.”
“ To-morrow,” said Haverson, “ we’ll

go out in the suburbs, find some house
where the people formerly burned kero-
sene^ and collect a few lamps.”

  They reached the great Electrical
Building, in which the telegraph company
had its headquarters. The operating-
room was on the seventh floor, but 011
the ground floor were the general offices.

These were deserted.

  “ Oreat Scott! We haven’t seen a
person on our way down! ” Haverson ex- \
claimed.	'

   “ Well, we’ll find several persons up on
the seventh floor ready to eat us alive for
being late,” Bob replied. “ Don’t you
suppose those day-operators want to get
off and have their dinner?”

   “ I never appreciated an elevator until
now,” said Haverson, as they began their
climb-to the seventh floor. Elevator-boys
had deserted early in the game.

   They reached the seventh floor at last,
and started down the long corridor. To
their ears came the noise of a sounder—■
some one seemed to be calling headquar-
ters frantically.

  They entered the first room and hung
up their hats and coats. No one was
there. Then they threw open the door
leading to the general operating-room.

  No burst of noise welcomed them—•
no frantic ticking of keys and relays and
sounders.

  Headquarters was deserted. There was
not a single man sitting before a key!

  “ What—” began Haverson.

   “ They’re gone ! ” Bob cried.

  “ But—what—”

   “ Deserted like the others! Nice bunch
of telegraphers ! ” Bob cried.

  “ I don’t know as I blame them,”
Haverson said, looking around the room.

“ This thing is getting on my nerves ! ”

  Bob Calkins hurried over to him and
grasped him roughly by the arm.

  “ Buck up, Fred! ” he said. “ You’ve
been my particular friend for several
years, and I want you to stick by me
now.”

  “ You’re going to stay—when every
one else is gone?” Haverson asked.

   " JVe’re going to stay,” replied Bob.

  “ But—”

  “ Nonsense, man! Forget the infernal
mystery, and play that you are a boy out
for a lark. Who ever had such a chance
lie fore? Why, we’ve got the whole city
230

THU ARGOSY.

for a playground! You can play at
mayor, and I’ll be the council, and we’ll
close the saloons and have all sorts of
fun. We’ll be famous, Fred—only men
with nerve enough to stav in Merton, and
all that! ”

  Bob didn’t care for the fame, but he
was trying to make Haverson see the thing
in a different light.

  “ And what’s the harm ? ” he went on.
“ No one has been hurt in the city. Noth-
ing unusual has happened here. It’s just
that confounded so-called invisible wall
out there that keeps everything out, and
that has frightened the people half to
death! We don’t know anything about
it, and we don’t care! We’ll just hold
clown our jobs! Think of the fun of
being the only people that can tell those
outside what is going on—the only teleg-
raphers in town!. ”

  “ And I guess the only men in the
city,” added Haverson. “ We didn’t see
any one, remember.”

  “ Then it’s all the better. Won’t you
stick with me, Fred? There’s no plague
or disease, and nothing, it seems, to harm
us. Stick until we are frightened by
something worse than that invisible wall,
anyway.”

  “ I—I don’t know—” Fred began.

  “ Come on, old man, don’t be a cow-
ard ! There’ll be two of us, remember.
We’ll have all sorts of fun. But it’s not
the fun, Fred. Some one ought to be
in town, and we’re the only ones left that
can use a key. We’re the historians of
this affair, Fred. We can write magazine
articles when we get out, if we want to.
And then we ought to hold down our
jobs.”

  “ But even the chief has left.” pro-
tested Fred.

  “ What do we care? You can play
chief, if you want to. Let’s be game
enough to stick to our posts.”

  Fred walked to the window and looked
out at the lifeless street below.

  “ I’ve got no one in the world except
my old dad,” said Bob. “ He was pulling
the train that first ran into the wall. I’d
rather run the risk of never seeing him
again than to desert now and have him
call me a coward—and that’s what he’d
do! ”

  Haverson whirled upon him.

  “ I haven’t any one. Bob.” lie said—

 “not even an old father! If you have
 nerve enough to stay, so have I! ”

CHAPTER III.

MYSTERIES AND A VOICE.

 At the junction tower the operator
 kept stabbing at the key, calling head-
 quarters in Merton. He got no answer.

 Old Jerry Calkins, who stood near,
 was looking at his watch.

 “ In five minutes my boy will report
 for work,” he said, “ and then you’ll get
 an answer.”

 “ I doubt it,” muttered the operator to
 the mayor, who was bending over the key.

 “ I swear I wouldn’t stick in town, not
 knowing what sort of an infernal thing
 is going on in this neighborhood.”

 The five minutes passed, and still the
 operator’s call went unanswered. An-
 other five minutes were ticked off. There
 was a trace of keen disappointment and
 pain in Jerry’s face.

 “ The boy’ll be there, if lie’s alive.” he
 kept repeating. “ He won’t desert—he
 won’t desert.”

 “ It’s too much for the boy’s nerves,
 Jerry,” said the mayor kindly.

 “ He’ll be there, I say—if lie’s alive.”
 Just then the wire was “ broken,” the
 operator shut his key with a snap, the
 wire was opened again, and there came
 the answer to the call:

  << J J>

 “Merton? Merton?” questioned the
 tower operator.

  It J »>

 “Who’s talking?”

 “ Calkins.”

 The tower operator turned around in
 his chair.

 “ Calkins talking. The old engineer .
 was right,” he said.

 “ I knew it,” Jerry cried. “ I knew
 my boy wouldn’t desert.”

 But the operator had turned to the
 key again, and was asking questions as
 rapidly as lie could tick them off. Whefi
 the answers came he called them aloud.

“ How’S everything?” he inquired.

 “ Every one has deserted. We found
 headquarters without anybody on duty.”

 “ Any one left in town ? ”

 “ We didn’t see a person on our way
 to work.”
AT MIS

MERCY.

231

  “ You say we. Who’s the other one? ”
  “ Haverson. He’s with me.”

  “ Will you stick? ” the tower operator
demanded.

  “ Yes.”

  The wire was “ broken ” again, and
from miles across the country there came
a message from the division chief, who
had been listening:

  “ Your message overheard. Superin-
tendent of company says he thanks Cal-
kins and Haverson for their nerve and
attention to duty. Asks that they as-
sume charge of office and company’s
property, and arrange it among them-
selves so that one man will be on duty all
the time. The company will pay each of
you fifty dollars a day, and in addition
will not forget your service.”

  Haverson was standing over Bob’s key
when that message came in.

  “ Tell him we’ll stick with or without
that raise of pay,” he said.

  But Bob was already working the key,
and that information was wired to the
superintendent.

  Then Fred went to another key and
talked with the north, while Bob re-
mained talking to the south through the
junction tower. Bob asked whether any
progress had been made toward solving
the mystery.

  “ Scientists are now making their way
completely around the city, following the
invisible wall,” came the reply. “ Ex-
pect to arrive back at tower to-night
some time, and turn in report. What are
conditions inside?”

  “ Criminals looted city,” Bob wired.
“ Stores and residences broken open and
articles of value taken. Several bank
vaults blown open.”

  “ Troops are searching every one who
comes out,” was the answer, “ and have
already arrested many of the looters.

What else?”

  “ We are taking liberty of getting 'food
in groceries and bakeries. Water in
mains is growing stale, but we’ll locate a
well. Guess we’ll have to find an oil-stove
and cook up here in the operating-room,
if we have to be on duty continually.
No lights, of course, except candles.
Believe the city is wholly deserted. Went
up on tower of building, and couldn t
locate a human being on any street as
far as I could see. Growing dark now,

but can’t see lights anywhere, except out-
side invisible wall.”

  Bob closed the key, and the tower
operator broke in.

  “ Mayor instructs yourself and Haver-
son to use all stores necessary and make
yourselves comfortable. If you see any-
thing suspicious, report immediately. Be
careful to keep wire in order at your
end. The city is cut off from the world
if this wire goes down.”

  “ We’ll be careful,” Bob wired.

  “ Your father sends his regards, and
says for you to stick.”

    'Fell dad I’ll stick.”

  There was silence then, for a time.
Fred had given the same information to
the north, and the two operators, having
nothing more to wire, walked to the
window and glanced over the city.

  There was not a flash of light, not a
sound from those streets which were
usually thronged at that hour. From the
distance came the bay of a dog. It was,
indeed, a dead city. Far away they could
see lights where the crowds surrounded-
the town outside the invisible wall.

  “ Rather lonesome here,” observed
Fred.

  “ But it’s all right, just the same,”
added Bob quickly. “ Everything de-
pends upon us now, Fred.”

  Just then Haverson uttered a cry.
Bob sprang to the window again. What
he saw startled him.

  Throughout the city row after row of
street lights were flashing. Gradually
the entire city was illuminated. Incan-
descents glowed on roof-gardens, and be-
fore theaters. But for the absence of
human beings the dead city was alive
once more.

  “ What does it mean?” Haverson
cried.

  “ Some good chap has stuck to his job,
that’s all,” Bob answered. “ Let’s say
‘ hallo ’ to him ! ”

  He rushed to the telephone to call the
electric-plant. But after he had stood
at the instrument for a moment he made
a grimace and hung up the receiver.

  “ I forgot,” he said. “ The Central
girls are not at work.”

  “ I’m sorry we can’t talk to the fel-
lows at the plant,” added Haverson. “ It
would help some if we could. We might
even get them to eat with us. No sense

9
232

THE ARGOSY.

in running the electric lights, from
what I can see.”

  “ Look out of the other window,” in-
structed Bob, “ and see if you can see the
smoke from the plant. You generally
can see it from there. It’ll cure your
lonesomeness.”

  Fred hurried to the window.

  “ Why, there’s no smoke! ” he cried.
“ That’s funny, too. You can always see.
a cloud of it in front of the lights at the
railroad shops.”

  “No smoke?” laughed Bob.

  He went over to look. Fred had
spoken the truth. There was not a bit
of smoke hanging over the power-house.

  “ You can’t run all the electric lights
in town without making some smoke,”
said Haverson. “ What do you sup-
pose—”

  A call at one of the sounders inter-
rupted him. Bob answered it. It was
the tower.

  “ City seems lit,” said the tower op-
erator.

  “ All street lights and incandescents
burning,” Bob answered.

  “ Peculiar,” went on the tower. “ Presi-
dent of light company is here, and says
all his employees left plant yesterday
with exception of foreman and one crew,
and they came out to-day. Absolutely
no electricians at plant. Can you ex-
plain?”

  “ Seems to be no smoke coming from
plant,” replied Bob.

  The next question rather staggered the
two operators:

  “If power for lights is not generated
at plant wjiere does it come from?”

  “ Don’t know,” Bob said.

  Just then Fred ran back from the
window.

“ The lights have gone out! ” he cried.
And as he spoke the incandescents
went out also, and the operating-room
was left with the uncertain glow from
the candles.

  “ Lights just went out—all of them,”
Bob wired.

  “ Noticed it,” replied the tower.
“ Wire if anything else unusual occurs.”
Bob got up and left the key.

  “ I guess that’s enough unusual stuff
for one night,” he said. “ Where do you
suppose that power came from, Fred?”
“ I haven’t any idea.”

  “ It didn’t come from the plant; that
much is certain. They can’t generate
power down there without burning coal
and making smoke. What do you sup-
pose—”

  He stopped, and glanced at Haverson
with an expression of wonderment in his
face. The telephone bell was ringmg.

“ Somebody’s alive in this old town
besides us, after all,” Bob gasped. “ An-
swer it, Fred, while I watch the key.”
Haverson sprang to the telephone and
took down the receiver.

  “ Hallo! Hallo! ” he called. Then
he took his ear away quickly. “ The con-
founded chump—whoever it is—doesn’t
stop ringing,” he exclaimed. “ He won’t
give me a chance to talk. Listen to him
ring.”

  Bob rushed to the instrument and put
the receiver to his ear. There was a
buzz—the telephone was still ringing.

  “ That’s a nice trick,” he commented.
“ If some maniac has got into the tele-
phone-office and cooked this up—”

  He ceased speaking, and his jaw
dropped.

  “What is it?” Haverson asked.

  “ Listen. Over here by the door.
What do you hear ? ”

  “ Why, other phones are ringing.”

  “ I should say they are. Let’s go into
the hall.”

  They w'ent into the corridor. To their
ears came the incessant ringing.

   “ Every bell in the building is going ! ”
exclaimed Fred.

  “ What 011 earth do you suppose—”
Bob began, and then he saw the look in
Haverson’s face and stopped.

  “ Well, I hope whoever is doing it
will get tired pretty soon,” he added.
“ This confounded noise—”

  “ I believe other bells besides those in
our building are ringing,” Fred inter-
rupted. “ Come here by the window.”

  “ Sounds like it,” Bob assented, “ but
we can’t tell from here. Remember, there
are several hundred telephones in this
building.”

  “ You’d think there were several thou-
sand from the noise they make. I’m get-
ting nervous.”

  “ Don’t! ” snapped Bob.

  They stood beside the window listen-
ing. It was enough to make any one
nervous—the great dark, dead city, with
AT HIS

MERCY.

233

not a sound in it except the ringing of
thousands of telephone-bells. And the
ringing continued. Five minutes passed
—ten—fifteen.

   “ Will it never stop? ” Haverson cried.
“ What can it be? I don’t see how mor-
tal man could do it.”

  “ Mortal man is doing it, all right.
You can bet on that! ” exclaimed Bob.

  “ The noise will set me crazy,” Haver-
son insisted.

  It wTas bad for the nerves—doubly bad
under the circumstances. Twenty min-
utes after the ringing of the bells began
both operators were walking the floor of
the room, holding their hands to their
ears.

  “ We’ve got to stop this,” said Bob,
“ if we have to unhook every receiver in
the building.”

  “ Let’s begin with this floor, and try
it,” Fred suggested.

   “ I’d better call the towrer and report,”
Bob added. “Take a candle and begin
operations.”

  Haverson lit a candle and went out, to
enter room after room and take the re-
ceiver off the telephone-hook. Bob Cal-
kins sat down before the key and called
the tower.

  “ I,” the tower answered.

   “ Every telephone-bell in city, as well
as we can judge, is ringing,” Bob re-
ported, “ and has been ringing for al-
most half an hour. “ We’re not sure
about the entire city, of course, but we
know that every bell in our building, and
bells in some adjoining buildings, are at
work.”

  “No one talks over the telephone?”
came the question.

  “No; the bell will not stop ringing.
The noise is setting us crazy. Haverson
is going through the building taking the
receivers off the hooks.”

   “ I will report to scientists when they
return,” said the tower operator.

  “ O. K.,” answered Bob.

  As he closed the key Haverson stum-
bled back into the room, his face white.

  “Great Scott! I can’t do any more
alone,” he gasped. “ It’s awful. Bob,
I’m—I’m afraid ! ”

  “ Buck up, old man. Of course I
know it is creepy, but telephone-bells
can’t hurt us.”

   “It isn’t the bells. It’s the fact that

all this is so blamed .mysterious that all
the bells are ringing, and we do not
know why. I wonder what next?”

  “ It is hard to tell. There—”

  The bells suddenly stopped. Have
you ever been plunged, in the twinkling
of an eye, from a fearful din into com-
plete silence? Even if you have not, you
can imagine the result. The silence
seemed oppressive—rseemed to pain.

  “ This—this is awful! ” Haverson
gasped.

  There came another quick ring at the
telephone-bell, just an ordinary ring,
such as an ordinary “ Central ” might
give. Bob ran to the instrument and put
the receiver to his ear.

  “Hallo!” he cried, looking back at
Haverson and winking.

  To his surprise an answer came back,
in a man’s voice :

  “ Hallo! ”

 “Hallo! Hallo! Who are you?”
Bob cried.

Fred ran to his side, and stood waiting.
Bob’s question was not answered. In-
stead, a sepulchral voice, full and deep,
which seemed to speak in measured ac-
cents, said:

  “ The city is doomed! This is your
last warning. You have until noon to-
morrow7 to get outside the town.”

  “ Say, old man, what is this—a joke? ”
asked Bob.

  “ Your last warning,” came the voice
over the wire. “ The city is doomed. It
is in my power. No mercy will be shown
you after noon to-morrow.”

CHAPTER IV.

A WARNING ON THE WrIRE.

  The receiver dropped from Bob’s
nerveless hand. For fully a minute he
and Haverson faced each other without
speaking. The ticking of the sounder
broke the spell.

  “What—what do you think?” Fred
demanded.

  “ Some one’s ghastly joke,” commented
Bob, though he didn’t feel sure about it.

  He knew that Fred Mas at the point of
giving way, however, and he wanted to
prevent that.

  He sprang to the key; it was the junc-
tion tower calling.
234

THE ARGOSY.

  “Anything new?” the tower asked.

  “ Plenty,” Bob replied.

  Then he told the tower operator of the
whole affair, even going so far as to de-
scribe the voice to the best of his abil-
ity. The tower operator answered that
he would give the report to the authori-
ties and also to the scientists.

  “ The scientists have returned,” he
added, “ and are now holding a coun-
cil.”

  Bob closed the key, and walked with
Haverson to the window. The moon
had risen bright and full, and the great
city looked indeed like a silent tomb in
the pale moonlight.

  The muddled voice of an intoxicated
loafer would have been sweet music, the
clang of a street-car gong welcome in-
deed.

  “ Are—are we going to stay—after
getting that message over the telephone?”
Fred asked.

  “ Of course we’ll stay! ” Bob replied.
“ Don’t let that message frighten you!
I have an idea a few clever thieves have
remained behind, have connected the
telephones at central, and, after ringing
every instrument in town, have given that
message. Don’t you see? They thought
every person who remained would answer
the telephone and hear them, they would
frighten those who stayed and make them
leave, and then the city would be theirs.”

  “ But, if they locate us—”

  “ How’ll they do that, unless they hap-
pen to see us? How will they ever find
two men in all this town, not knowing
where to look, when there are so many
thousands of buildings and so many
places for a man to hide? Let’s fight it
out a little longer, anyway.”	i

  “ I’m with you—as long as we can
stand it,” Haverson replied.

  Bob realized that his one object was
to keep Haverson busy,- keep him so busy
that he wouldn’t have time to think about
things and let the mysteries get on his
nerves. That would be easy in the morn-
ing, for they could gather supplies, but
there was nothing to do at night. Haver-
son would not sleep—said he could not
sleep. And the night dragged terribly.

  An hour or so passed, and then the
junction tower called again. Bob sat
down before the key, and Haverson stood
beside him.

   “ I,” Bob replied to the call.

   “ Scientists have concluded their ses-
sion and have formulated report,” the
message said. “You are asked to give
them all the aid in your power, as you
are believed to be the only honest men
left inside, and everything depends upon
you. Please give best of attention as I
wire report, and ask all the questions you
desire, so there will be a complete under-
standing. Is the other operator there?”
“ I,” Bob answered.

  “ Have him read message also.”

   “ I,” flashed the answer.

  “ Attention! Scientists have com-
pleted circuit of the city, and find that
invisible wall extends completely around
it. They examined every few inches, and
found no loophole. It begins on the
ground and extends at least thirty feet
in air on the perpendicular; it may run
beyond that, but they had no means to
investigate.

   “ This peculiar wall i& nothing, seem-
ingly, except ordinary air, except that it
does not give the least fraction, and to
push against it is like pushing against a
wall of brick or stone. The atmosphere
lias no unusual color or odor, though the
delicate instruments used showed a slight
bluish tinge in the air at times, which may
or not be due to the present condition of
the ether, or to a slight electrical dis-
turbance following the thunder-storm of
a day ago.

  “ While the thing is a mystery and
never dreamed of before, the scientists
are of the opinion—merely an opinion,
this, without scientific truths to make it
a fact — that some peculiar force is at
work, but that the force is exerted by a
human being or human beings who have
discovered something sensationally new
in physics. The experts are at a loss to
designate the nature of this force—if such
it may be called.

  “ The greatest mystery is that, while
no one can enter from the outside, any-
thing can come from the inside without
trouble and without experiencing any
unusual feeling. Are you getting this all
right? ”

  “O. K.” Bob tapped.

  “Now% listen! This has been discov-
ered : The invisible wall surrounding the
city follows closely the outside rail of
the Merton Belt Line Traction Compa-
AT HIS MERCY.	235

ny’s road. At first the scientists were of
the “opinion that the peculiar force was
being exerted through this rail, but upon
close examination they could find no indi-
cations that such was a fact. They knew
also, of course, that the traction company
has not completed its work, and that
while it has constructed its rough road-
bed and laid its rails, there has been no
electrical installation as yet—no trolley
wire, or even poles to support one.

   “ It is the opinion of the experts, there-
fore, that the person or persons who are
exerting this peculiar new and wonderful
force are merely using the outside rail of
the belt line as a boundary because it was
easy to establish and follow and is just
outside the city limits all the way around
the town.

  “ They are of the opinion that this
force, whatever it is, is being manufac-
tured inside the city, and that therefore
persons, or at least one person, with some
ulterior motive against the city, is within
its limits doing his, or their, diabolical
work. You are instructed to watch. Be
careful, as everything depends upon you
two men.

   “ Do not risk yourse'l ves any more than
is absolutely necessary. Try to keep out
of sight. The persons doing this work
are perhaps hidden, but the scientists say
such a great force cannot be exerted with-
out considerable work, 110 matter what
its nature, and they ask you to watch for
smoke or any indication that power of any
sort is being generated.

  “ Your recent message concerning the
telephone warning was shown them, and
they are more than ever convinced that
it is human beings we are fighting, and
not some supernatural force. They say
again that everything depends upon you
two men, and while you are not asked
to risk your lives, you are asked to do
everything possible before leaving the
city "to solve the mysterv.”

   “ O. K.,” flashed Bob.

   “ Will you stick? ” the tower operator
demanded.

   “ We’ll stick,” Bob wired.

  He closed the key, and whirled around
to face Haverson.

  “ Funny! ” Fred commented.

   “ Looks mighty plain to me,” said Bob.
“ Some scoundrel lias discovered a great
secret of physics, and is using his discov-

ery for ill instead of good—that’s all.
What he intends to do with this city is
more than we know. I don’t think lie’ll
destroy it—1 have an idea that he has
frightened the people away, and is using
his confounded invisible wall to keep
them out, so that he and his confederates,
if he has any, can loot and enrich them-
selves. There are fortunes upon fortunes
left in town, in spite of the looting that
has occurred already.”

  “ You forget one thing,” Haverson re-
plied. “ The city is surrounded by people,
by troops and officers. How will this man
—if it is a man—be able to take away his
loot after he collects it? ”

  Bob Calkins laughed.

   “ I have an idea,” he said, “ that if I
was powerful enough to keep people and
animals and even railroad trains from
passing through a section of ordinary
air, I’d be powerful enough to take away
all the loot I could collect.”

  “ Well, I wish we’d never encountered
this freak situation,” Fred answered.
“ But, since we have, I suppose we can
make the best of it. I hope those sci-
entists have the correct idea, and that it
is human beings we are pitted against. If
that is true, it isn’t so bad. 1 can’t say
I’ll run away from ordinary human beings
unless they get too strong for us. But
the man that can make an invisible wall
is perhaps also strong enough to destroy
two men like ourselves.”

  “ We have until noon to-morrow, any-
way,” said Bob.

  “ Until noon to-day, you mean. It is
two o’clock in the morning now.”

  “ Anyway, I think the fellow who
talked over the telephone is working a
big bluff,” Calkins went on. “ He doesn’t
know exactly where we are, and so we
have the advantage of him.”

  “ But we aren’t sure he doesn’t know
where we are,” protested Haverson.

   “ Well, let’s stop talking about it., keep
our eyes open, and take the chance,” Bob
replied. “ I’d rather die trying to do
something than face my old dad after
deserting. I know what he’d tell me, and
it wouldn’t be complimentary—you can
bet on that.”

  The sounder began its ticking again,
and Bob went to the key.

   “ If you want to gather supplies,” the
tower operator wired. “ it is suggested
236

THE ARGOSYi

that you leave the operating-room this
morning between eight and ten o’clock.
That will give you two hours, which is
ample time. We’ll understand where you
are, and not think it unusual if you do
not answer during that time. If you don’t
answer soon after ten o’clock, however,
we’ll know there is something wrong.”

  “ Good plan, and we’ll abide by it,”
Bob answered.

  He closed the key, but immediately
there came another call, and he turned
to answer it.

   “ I,” he said.

  “ You will do well,” came the message,
“ to leave the city at daybreak. You have
been warned.”

  “ Great Scott! ” cried Haverson.

  “ Wait! ” Bob implored,
lie worked the key, calling the tower.
“ Did you send that message? ” he de-
manded.

  “ No,” the tower answered.

  “ Then who in the world—” Bob be-
gan.

  The circuit opened; Bob closed the
key, and then came more words from the
unknown operator.

  “ I am the master of the world. I ad-
mire brave men, but say to the two oper-
ators in the Electrical Building that re-
sistance is useless. Leave the city at day-
break ; it will not be safe for you to re-
main longer than noon to-morrow. This
is the last warning.”

  “ Some operator along the line joking,”
Bob wired to the tower.

  The answer came immediately:

  “ Cut out wire except from tower to
headquarters, and see.”

  This was immediately done. The tower
operator reported soon that communica-
tion beyond the tower had been inter-
rupted.	/

  Then the mysterious operator cut in.
“You see? It is not some operator
fooling. I am master of the world, and
I warn you because I admire brave men.
But I do not admire them enough to
allow them to prevent me from accom-
plishing my purpose. I.cave the city be-
fore noon to-morrow.”

  “ Are you tht{ fellow who telephoned? ”
Bob demanded on the key.

   U J 19

  “ And who turned the lights on and
off?”

   a | n

  “ Well, what else can you do? Did
you throwr the invisible wall around the
city?”

    il J 11

  “ That confounded thing is the work of
human hands, then?”

  “ The work of a brain,” came the ego-
tistical answer—“ the work of the great-
est brain in the world. Are you satis-
fied?”

   “ I’m satisfied that you are the greatest
scoundrel of the age,” Bob replied.
“ You’re nothing but a man, in spite of
your confounded mysterious power—a
man that uses his brain for evil instead
of good, and I’ve never yet met a man I
was afraid of.”

  “ If you are wise, you will be afraid
of me,” came the answer.

CHAPTER V.

THE FIRST BLOW.

  “ Well, what do you think of that?”
Bob asked Haverson, turning from the
key.

  The tower operator had cut off, and
was reporting the conversation, Bob sup-
posed, to the authorities.

  “ What do you think about it ? ” Fred
demanded in return.

  “ I think it is some maniac with a great
deal of nerve and bluff.”

  “ But you are not remembering the in-
visible wall. A man that can create that
is liable to be able to do anything.”

   “ I’m not forgetting the invisible wall,”
Bob retorted, “ but I want to see him do
something else—something that actually
threatens us—before I run away from
him. What do you think of the report of
the scientists?”

  “ They talked a lot without saying any-
thing,” Haverson replied. “ They seem
to be as far from solving theunystcry as
before.”

  “ You noticed what they said about the
belt-line track?”

  “ Yes, but they also said they believed
it was merely used as a boundary for the
wall. What is the history of the belt
line? ”

  “ It is innocent enough,” explained
Bob. “ Some months ago a corporation
headed by a man named Hellinger se-
✓7

AT HIS MERCY.

237

cured rights from the county and State,
made arrangements with property own-
ers, and started to build an electric belt
line around the city just outside the lim-
its.

   “ Their intention, I believe, - is to ra-
diate from this circular belt line other
electric lines running into different parts
of the State. You see, every car, no mat-
ter from what direction it approached,
was to ‘ loop the loop,’ and enable pas-
sengers to reach almost any part of the
city.

  “ The belt-line track has been roughly
laid, but no poles or trolley wires have
been erected yet, and the power plant,
I understand, has only a part of the elec-
trical machinery installed. I’m inclined
to agree with the opinion of the scientists
that the belt line has nothing to do with
the mystery except that it has been chosen
as a natural boundary for the invisible
wall.

  “ If there were wires and a general
electrical installation along the line, I
might think that the belt line was con-
nected more closely with the mystery.”

  “ Are we going to remain here in the
face of the warnings we have re-
ceived?” Fred asked.

  “ Yes,” replied Bob firmly. “ At least,
we’ll remain as long as we can. It’ll take
more than a bluff to drive us out.”

  “All right,” laughed Haverson. “I
can stand it if you can.”

  Bob walked back and forth in the room
for a time, and finally stood for several
minutes looking out of the window over
the city.

  “ Fred,” he said finally, “ we’re going
to move.”

  “ To move? ” Haverson cried.

  “ Yes—move. That chap—whoever he
is—knows where we are, and if he wanted
to start any devilment he’d know7 where
to find us. Here we are seven stories from
the ground—and he’d have a chance to
cut us off and starve us out if he couldn’t
get us out any other way.”

  “But where’ll we go?” Haverson in-
quired.

  “ We’ll take an emergency outfit and
go to some other building, where we’ll
make connections with the tower wire.
Down at the branch office on Washington
Avenue the wires leave the conduits and
run over the-buildings for several blocks.

We’ll make a connection there, run the
wire into some obscure building, and go
to work as usual. And we must do it
immediately—before daylight.”

  “ But he’ll find us,” objected Fred.

-	“ Perhaps, but he’ll have to look for
us first, and he’ll not know exactly where
to look. We’ll gain time, at any rate.”
They began their preparations imme-
diately. While Haverson went to the
storerooms and gathered the necessary
paraphernalia, Bob sat down before the
key and called the junction tower.

  “ Do not call us, or expect us to an-
swer, for an hour or so,” he wired. “Wait
until we call you.”

  “ Why? ” the tower demanded.

  “ Can’t tell you, for obvious reasons.
And when we call again, understand that
we talk to tower only, and not to other
stations outside city. We can’t trouble
to talk to more than one station. Every
thing must go through tower.”

  “ O. K.,” the tower flashed.

  Fred entered the operating-room as
Bob finished, and they gathered up the
things and went into the corridor and
began the descent to the_ street.

  It was bright moonlight, and they tried
to keep in the shadows as much as possi-
ble, because they did not know what to
expect or whom to expect.

  They had not walked three blocks be-
fore every electric light in the city
suddenly flashed and remained burning.

  “ He’s trying to spot us,” Bob cried.
“ Down this alley here! And keep out
of the light as much as possible.”

  They hurried on, block after block,
crossing street after street. Bob stopped
at a cigar-store and took a box of cigars.
Fred invaded a grocery to get cheese and
crackers. And then they hurried on.

  They reached the building which con-
tained the branch office, and Bob led the
way up-stairs and to the roof. There Bob
tapped wire after wire, until they found
the one which ran south, and got an an-
swer from the tower.

  Then they followed this wire over
several buildings, until they came to the
one on the corner.

  “ I guess this builiding will do as well
as any,” Bob said. “ Of course, we don’t
want to locate in the branch office, for
that’s as bad as being in headquarters.
We’ll run a wire into this building. It’s
238

THE ARGOSY.

an old one, and about the last place any
one would look for us.”

  They worked frantically, for a red
streak in the east told them that daylight
would soon be at hand. The electric
lights went out again, and they had to
use candles. After making the proper
connection, they carried the wire through
a trap-door in the roof, down a long lad-
der, through a musty garret, and so to the
top floor. Then they took it down the
stairs, floor after floor, until the ground
was reached.

  On the corner was a jewelry-store. In
the rear was a small room originally de-
signed as a workshop, with ample light
from windows and skylight. The back
room could not be seen from the treet.
It was an ideal place for their project.

  While Haverson fastened a key and
sounder to a table and went about put-
ting the apparatus in working order, Bob
left the building and hurried across the
street to a grocery-store. He filled a
large box with food and carried it back
to the little rear room.

  Fred went with him on the next trip,
and before they finished they had an
ample store of provisions in their new
headquarters.

   Bob rifled a liardware-store for an oil-
stove. Fred got five gallons of oil from
the grocery. Then they both went to a
furniture establishment, and carried back
a cot and two chairs, one a rocker.

   On their last trip they entered a dry-
goods emporium and selected heavy
blankets and a few towels.

  It was dawn now; too light for them
to be in the streets unless they wished to
risk discovery.

  “ Breakfast! ” Bob demanded, and,
laughing, he began to prepare it.

  They didn’t have to leave the rear
room for water; and soon they sat* down
to fried eggs and bacon, and coffee
which, Bob declared, was not quite as
good as'- they were used to having, but
a great deal" better than nothing.

  “ And now,” said Haverson, “ we’d
better call the tower.”

  Fred called, and the tower operator
answered immediately.

  “ Thought you had disappeared,” he
said.

  “ We’re still on the job,” Fred re-
plied.

  “ Why did you take that hour off?”

  “ Don’t ask questions, because we
can’t answer them,” Fred tapped.

  The wire “ broke,” and the unknown
operator cut in.

  “ It is now break of day,” he said.
“ I trust you men remember my warn-
ing. You have until noon to leave the
city of Merton.”

  “ We’ve decided to stay a little
longer,” Bob said, for he had relieved
Fred at the key when the unknown
cut in.

  “ You are warned. I’ll say no more! ”
“ We’ll not be sorry to be deprived
of your conversation,” Bob wired.

  “ Fool! ” came the solitary word as
answer. Then the wire was still.

  An hour after that, the operator in
the junction tower, out of ,the kindness
of his heart, began to give Bob and
Haverson a condensed report of the
doings in the outer world.

  Congress, the report said, had ap-
pointed a committee to proceed to the
city of Merton and make an investiga-
tion. Distinguished : scientists were
coming from abroad. The eyes of the
world were upon Merton, and upon the
two operators there, who braved an un-
known peril to give to those outside a
truthful description of what was taking
place within.

  Those who were formerly residents of
Merton, and especially those who had
interests there, were frantic. Millions
of dollars’ worth of property was at the
mercy of the mysterious unknown who
called himself master of the world.

  Haverson stood at Bob’s side as this
report was coming in. There was not
much to interest them, but it served to
pass away the time. In fact, the time
passed faster than they realized. The
tower operator ceased sending, and Bob
whirled around to talk to Fred.

  “ I don’t like this hero business,” he
said. “ We’re just attending to our
duty, that’s all.”

  There came a call on the sounder,
and Bob answered. It was the myste-
rious unknown.

  “ Do you realize that it is ten o’clock
in the morning, and that you have only
two hours in which to leave the city?”
he demanded.	^

  “ Didn’t realize it was so late,” Bob
AT HIS MERCY.	239

flashed. “ We’ve been getting the news.”

  “ I heard you,” came the answer.
“ You’d better move now.”

  “We’re very comfortable, thanks!”

  “ I have warned you to leave by
noon.”

  “ But we prefer to remain,” said Bob.
  The answer rather startled them:

  “ At one minute after the hour of noon
I will destroy the high tower on the
Electrical Building. After that, I shall
exert forces over which I have control,
and gradually demolish the building,
floor by floor.”

  “ Pardon me, old man, but that reads
like a lie,” wired Bob.

  “ You are brainless to doubt my
power. Have I not already demon-
strated it?”

“Just the same, we aren’t going to
run away from town,” .answered Bob.

  “ Then the city will be your tomb,”
said the unknown. “ I have given my
last warning! ”

  Bob whirled around and faced Haver-
son.

  “What do you think of that?” he
asked.

  “ Well, he’ll not injure us particular-
ly by destroying the Electrical Build-
ing,” Fred answered. “ Personally, I
am glad we moved. I don’t believe he
can do it, of course, but I don’t want
to be in that building and run the risk
while he conducts any experiments.
We’re ten blocks away, thank good-
ness ! ”

  “ And, from this rear window,” said
Bob, “ we can see the tower and the
upper three stories of the Electrical
Building. If there is any destruction,
we can see it from here. I don’t care
for a ringside seat at any exhibition like
our friend promises.”

  “ Neither do 1,” added Fred.

  The tower operator called them again,
and Fred, who was nearest the key, an-
swered him.

  “ We have overheard peculiar mes-
sage you just received,” the tower oper-
ator said. “ Scientists ask you to watch
closely and report any unusual occur-
rences, if there are any. They want it
understood, however, that this service is
optional on your part. If you really
think there is danger, they want you to
feel at liberty to leave.”

 Bob pushed Fred to one side and took
 charge of the key.

 “ This is Calkins talking,” he wired.
 “ Is my father in the tower?”

 “ Yes.”

 “ Ask him whether I shall remain or
 come out.”

 There was silence for a moment, then
 the answer came:

 “ Your father says for you not to be
 a coward! ”

 “ Tell him I’ll not.” Bob replied, and
 closed the key.

 He faced Haverson again.

 “You heard that?” he asked. “Mv
 dad will have to leave the road soon,
 because he’s getting old. Of course, he
 owns his little place here in town, but
 that’s about all, and he looks to me to
 support him in his old age. He tells
 me to stick! ”

 “ We’ll stick ! ” Fred said.

 At five minutes before noon the un-
 known operator called them, and Bob
 answered.

 “You are going to remain?” the un-
 known asked.

 “We are.”

 “ Very well! You’ll soon know better
 than to doubt.”

 Bob did not answer that; it seemed
 that no answer was necessary. With
 Haverson, he walked to the window,
 where, by looking over the tops of the
 small buildings across a near-by square,
 they could see the lofty tower of the
 Electrical Building, and two or three
 stories below it.

 “ It is noon,” Bob said.

 They turned their eyes to the tower.
 Suddenlv it crumbled into fragments
 and fell! '

 They could hear the great crash, as
 stone was hurled downward hundreds of
 feet to the roofs of other buildings, and
 to the streets!

CHAPTER VI.

the city’s death-warrant.

 Their faces blanched, their hearts
 beating like trip-hammers, their eyes
 bulging—they watched the destruction.

 Another minute, and then the top
 story of the great structure began to
 crumble away. First a corner of it
240

THE ARGOSY.

 seemed to fall to pieces, and then the
 destruction spread, and sections of the
 building were thrown outward with
 great force. Finally the upper story was
 gone.

  There was no smoke, no flame, noth-
ing to indicate the nature of the destruc-
tive force. The building simply stood,
then fell.

   As they watched, the next story began
to go. And then the third from the top
disappeared, and then there arose from
the ground great clouds of dust that
obscured the view.

   But crashes and shocks told that the
building was being demolished, story by
story, floor by floor, as the unknown had
threatened.

   Haver son’s quick sob of fear brought
Bob back to the realization of things.

   “ Well, he’s done it! ” Bob exclaimed.

  “ But how—with what?”

  “ Don’t ask me; I’m not up to solv-
ing this mystery. I’m sorry that build-=
ing is gone, for I was proud of it—proud
that I had a job in it. But it needn’t
bother us any. I fixed the wire, of
course. We can use it, even if the Elec-
trical Building has been demolished.”

  He turned to the window again. The
crashes had ceased. The dust clouds
still filled the air; but as they watched,
these clouds gradually settled, and they
saw that where the Electrical Building
had stood there was now nothing but air.
Bob leading the way, they ran to the
roof of the building to which they had
moved. From the roof they could look
across the square.

  They saw a mass of ruins. Heaps of
stone and mortar, and wood crushed to
kindling. The building had been torn
to pieces. Great steel beams and girders
were twisted and gnarled as though they
had been grape-vines.

  Bob noticed one thing — the ruins
showed that the power of destruction,
whatever it was, had come from the
north. The demolished building had
been scattered toward the south over the
square.

  “ If we had been there—” Haverson
began.

   “ But we were not,” laughed Bob.

   It wasn’t a natural laugh; there was
nervousness and a little fear in it, but it
had the effect of calming them.

  They rushed) back down the stairs and
to their room.' The tower operator was
calling them repeatedly. Bob answered.
“What happened?” was asked.

  “ Electrical Building mass of ruins,”
Bob wired, and then he waited.

  He could picture the scene in the
juncture tower — the white faces, the
fear expressed in them, the bewilderment
of the scientific experts. Presently the
junction tower spoke again:

  “ Kindly answer questions as nearly
correct as possible. What seemed to be
manner of destruction?”

  “ Could not tell,” Bob replied. “ We
watched from window. Tower seemed
to crumble and fall toward the south.
After short interval upper story began
to go, beginning at corner and spread-
ing gradually. Building gradually torn
to pieces.”

  “Any smoke or flame?”

  “ No.”

   “ Sound of explosion ? ”

  “ No.”

  “ Nothing at all to denote nature of
destructive power?”

  “ No,” Bob replied.

   “ Entire building destroyed, you say? ”
“Yes; nothing left but mass of ruins
scattered over public square.”

  “Yet you are alive?”

  “Yes; Haverson and I are all right”
“How does that happen? How does
it happen wires are in order ? ”

  Bob hesitated about replying, but
finally reached for the key.

  “ We anticipated trouble and moved
headquarters,” he said. “ That was what
we were doing early this morning when
we took that two hours off. Connected
emergency wire and arranged things so
that destruction of building did not cut
us off.”

  There was a pause; then word from
the superintendent, who, evidently, had
been listening to the conversation.

  “Good work, boys; the company will
not forget this.”

  The junction tower cut in again:

   “ Are you in a safe place ? ”

  “ Don’t know whether any place in
town is safe or not,” answered Bob,
“ but I guess we’re in a place where
we’ll not be found easily.”

  “ Be careful,” came the warning from
the superintendent.
AT HIS

MERCY.

241

  The dots and dashes ceased. Bob
left the key and helped Haverson open
some food. As they ate, they discussed
the situation.

  “What are we going to do?” Fred
asked. “ I can’t see any particular use
in remaining here, except that we’ll be
able to tell the outside world how the
city is destroyed. We aren’t stopping
the destruction, and we’re not helping
the people outside to get in.”

  “ I’ve been thinking of that,” Bob
said. “ But how can we stop the work
of this scoundrel, whoever he is, when
we do not know how his work is done
and don’t know where he is? A man
who can destroy a great building as
easily as he has done can do almost any-
thing. So we’ll have to be careful how
we go about it.

   “ I take it for granted that we are the
only people inside the town, except him-
self. If we try to conquer him and
make a bad break, he’ll be liable to des-
troy us, and then the city would be at
his mercy even more than now. The
only thing we can do, as I see it now, is
to take it easy and try to locate him,
and after we do that we can move ac-
cordingly.”

  “ Do you think he will destroy the
entire city? ” Haverson inquired.

  “ I don’t know what to think,” con-
fessed Bob. “ I can’t imagine his ob-
ject. If it is to loot the town, he’ll not
destroy it — at least, not until he has
done the looting.”

  “But how can he hope to escape?”
asked Fred, “if he loots the town? It
is surrounded by troops, and they’ll
catch him if he attempts to leave with
his plunder.”

  “ A man who can destroy a building
as easily as he did—” began Bob.

  Fred did not say more. It was evi-
dent that they faced a problem beyond
their comprehension.

  “ Well,” Bob added, “ we can wait.”
“ Do you suppose he thinks we were
destroyed in the Electrical Building?”
Fred remarked.

  “ That’s what I’d like to know,” said
Bob. “ He didn’t cut in while we were
reporting to the junction tower. I have
an idea that he had tapped the wire near
the Electrical Building, and that his
connection was destroyed.”

   4	A

  “ And perhaps his connection is not
destroyed, but he has not been where he
could hear the sounder?”

  “If that is the case, we are liable to
hear from him again,” Bob replied.

  They left the room and journeyed to
the robf once more, and there they
looked over the dead city. There was
not a trace of smoke in any direction,
not a human being, nothing to indicate
the quarter from whence came the great
power which had destroyed the Elec-
trical Building.

  Bob laughed as he saw Fred get be-
hind a chimney.

  “No use to try to hide,” he said.

“ You may be getting directly in his line
of vision instead of away from it. I
don’t think I am a coward; but when
I fight I like to see my foe, or at least
know where he is.”

  “ We’d better go back then,’’ Fred
replied. “ We ought not to take
chances; for, if he does locate us, he’s
liable to end our days on earth.”

  So they descended to the ground floor
again and went to the little rear room.
The sounder was ticking frantically.
Bob rushed across the room and an-
swered.

  “ Anything else happened? ” the junc-
tion tower asked.

  “ Nothing else,” Bob replied.

  “ Let us know immediately if other
property is destroyed.”

  “ I’ll do it.”

  “ Arrange with Haverson so that one
of you can answer our call every hour, '
day and night.”

  “ We’ll arrange it,” Bob replied.

  The wire was “ broken,” and there
was a silence for a moment. Then the
dots and dashes began again, but they
were coming from the dreaded unknown
instead of from the junction tower.

  “ I see you escaped destruction,” the
unknown said. “ You must have wit-
nessed my work, however. Have you
nerve enough to remain in the city after
seeing that ? ”

  “ We’re still here, old man,” answered
Bob.

  “ I warned you to leave before noon,
and you did not. Therefore, you must
take the consequences. If you start at
once, you may be able to get out of the
city safely; but if you delay another
242

THE ARGOSY.

hour, you’ll never, reach the outside alive.
Before midnight, you’ll sleep in a sepul-
cher of ruins.”

   “ We are not leaving,” Bob replied.

  “ So be it,” came the answer. “ You
have bravery, but not brains. You can-
not hide from me. Will you leave the
city? ”

   “ Why do you wish us to leave? ” Bob
asked.

   “ Because it does not suit my purpose
to have you remain.”

  “ What is your purpose?”

  “ You ask too much,” wired the un-
known.

   “ If you are master of the world, and
have the city and us at your mercy, why
should you be afraid to tell us your
purpose?”	*

  “ I am not afraid to tell you. But
I refuse to do it.”

  “ I say you are afraid. You do not
have • confidence in the power you say
you possess.”

  “Have I not?” came the answer.
“ Very well, I’ll tell you my purpose,
and in telling you 1 speak your death-
warrant. For if I speak, you shall
never leave the city alive.”

  “ Speak! ” commanded Bob.

  “ You talk for yourself. How about
the other operator?”

  Bob turned and looked at Haverson.
Fred’s face went white, but he stum-
bled forward, grasped the key, and
tapped his answer:

   “ Speak! ”

  The unknown wired again:

  “ Very well! My purpose is to crush
the city of Merton, to leave it a mass
of ruins, to demolish every building, to
tear stone from stone and brick from
brick, and then to sweep it with con-
suming fire. The city is in my power
now. Nothing can save it. Nothing
can cheat me of my vengeance.”

   “ You are not, then, going to loot the
city of its wealth, and escape with it ? ”
Bob asked.

  “ I do not care for wealth. I have
possessed wealth for years—wealth I
inherited and wealth that I amassed.
It has brought me many things, chief
among which is my revenge. I shall
destroy the city — all of it except the
building in which I now am—and then
I shall go my way.”

  “ You forget,” said Bob, “ that you
are writing your own doom. The city
is surrounded by thousands of people,
and by troops. You may destroy it, but
you’ll never reach the outside. How
will you escape the vengeance of the
citizens outside ? ”

  “ The same force which tears the city
to pieces shall be thrown against the
foolish people who w'ould oppose me,”
the unknown answered. “ Though thou-
sands stand in my way, they shall be
swept from the face of the earth, hurled
from my path. He who tries to oppose
me, dies. Nowr you have learned my
purpose — and for this knowledge you
pay with your lives.”

  “ One moment,” Bob flashed. “ Who
are you, and why do you desire revenge
against the city of Merton?”

_ “ I’ll tell you no more,” said the un-
known operator. “ You have one hour
in which to communicate with the out-
side. I grant you this last favor. At
the end of the hour, the destruction of
the city will begin. You may think it
peculiar 1 did not crush the city while
its thousands of people were within. Do
you wish to know' why?”

  “ Yes,” Bob answered.

  “ Because I know what lingering
agony is. I know' the mercy in a quick
death. 1 know the feelings of the peo-
ple of Merton now' upon the outside,
who count the seconds while their homes
and fortunes are being sw'ept away. I
want to send those thousands of people
out into the world penniless, to make
them lifelong slaves to the terrible mem-
ory of how' it happened. In that way,
my revenge will live long.

  “ To annihilate them would be mer-
ciful indeed. To hear their groans and
shrieks, to see their tears and their agony
—that will be sweet for me. I am done
with talk. You have your hour — and
perhaps you’ll count the minutes and the
seconds, and know what fear is when
you see buildings tumbling about you,
and flames shooting toward the sky. This
is my last communication—I will cut the
wire.”

  Bob had fallen back in the chair as
the unknow'n sent the dots and dashes
flying into the sounder. Fred was be-
side him, his hands trembling, his breath
coming in gasps.
JACOBI’S JUGGERNAUT.

243

  In all the room—in all the city, as far
as they knew—there was no sound save
that of the dots and dashes—that mer-
ciless ticking which announced the doom
of the city, and of the two men within
its limits.

  But as the unknown destroyer con-
cluded, and threatened to cut the wire,
Bob’s hand reached for the key again.

  “ Wa—” he began.

  Then he sat back and groaned. The
wire was cut!

  There was now no means of commun-
ication left with the people of the out-
side !

  And there, above the silent sounder,
in the little back room of the jewelry-
store, a small clock ticked away the sec-
onds, and narrowed the gap between life
and death.

                         (To be continued.)

JACOBI’S JUGGERNAUT.

                     By J. F. VALENTINE.

               The strange night experience that befell a restaurant pro-
               prietor as he motored to his country home for his health.

“ \ T OT the pleasantest kind of a

  1 >1 night for an automobile ride,
Harris,” Jacobi remarked, as he settled
back in the rear seat of the big car.
“ Particularly when one is taking it for
his health.”

  “ It might be better,” his chauffeur
ventured, as the car glided ahead in
response to his pressure of a lever.

  “ We’ll not stay out any longer than
necessary,” the employer declared.
“ When we reach the city limits, let the
car out—I am tired, and want to get
home.”

  “ Yes, sir,” was the response of the
man at the wheel.

 He was gazing intently ahead
through the midnight mist that blan-
keted the streets of New York like a
heavy fog.

  Jacobi pulled closer around himself
the fur robes—the drizzle of 'rain which
entered the hooded car brought with it
a chill that was of no benefit to one
under the steady care of a physician, as
he was.

  The restaurant which bore his name—
it stood out in large, electric-lighted
letters—was one of the most exclusive
in the bright-light district of New York,
and for a generation had been under the
personal management of the owner.
But the steady application to business,
with its long hours, had undermined
Jacobi’s health, and, in accordance with
his doctor’s orders, he had shifted his

residence to Haledon, a suburb fifteen
miles up the Hudson.

  With this move came a change in his
business rules—he came to the city late
in the aijfernoon, and left for his home
about midnight, and as his physician
directed that he be out in the air as
much as possible, he had purchased an
automobile, and used this means of
transit to and from his home.

  The car glided steadily through the
gloom, and a glance without showed
Jacobi that they were nearing the out-
skirts of the city.

  “ Let her out now,” he directed, and
the chauffeur shot the machine ahead.

  In a few moments the houses had been
left behind entirely, and they were now
rushing through the open country with
only the street-lights blinking through
the mist like so many fireflies.

  Now they were descending a slight
grade, at the foot of which the driver
knew there was an abrupt turn, and, al-
though he slowed down a trifle, the car
skidded on the wet highway as it took
the curve.

  Suddenly Harris emitted a cry of
alar/n, and threw on the brakes. At the
same instant the heavy car bounded over
an obstruction in the road and came to
jyhalt about fifty feet beyond.

  Before Jacobi could question, the
chauffeur burst out: “A man—we ran
over him. The road—was too narrow
to turn out.”
244

THE ARGOSY.

  The restaurant - owner sprang to his
feet.

  “Are you sure?” he queried.

  The driver turned and nodded his
head—he was too frightened to speak.

   Jacobi shook his shoulder.

  “ Then come—we must help him.”

  His employer’s words brought the
man back to his senses, and, jumping
from the car, he quickly unfastened one
of the large lamps from the front and
hurried back to where the accident had
happened. Jacobi followed closely at
his heels.

  As the two men neared the spot, the
lamp’s rays showed only too plainly the
truth of the chauffeur’s words. There
before them, in the middle of the road-
way, lay the prostrate form of a <nan.

  For an instant Harris paused, and as
his employer came abreast of him, he
cried: “ If I have killed him—I’ll never
run a machine again! ”

  Jacobi seized his arm and literally
pulled him to the side of the injured
man, whom he bent over and examined
critically, while the chauffeur hung
back, fearful of the worst.

  “ He’s not dead,” Jacobi declared in
an undertone. “ Hurry to the car, and
back it up carefully. Then we’ll rush
to the nearest doctor.”

  “ You think-he’ll live?” Harris que-
ried anxiously. “ You don’t think he’ll
die?”

  “ I do not know,” was the curt re-
sponse. “ Bring the car here.”

  The other ran swiftly to do as bid-
den, and springing into the front seat,
reversed the gears, and the big machine
slowly backed tow'ard the man wThose
head rested on Jacobi’s knee. When it
stopped, Harris leaped to the ground,
ready to assist.

  “ Help me get him into the car,” Ja-
cobi directed, and, raising the uncon-
scious man between them, the two lifted
him tenderly into the automobile.

  “ He must be intoxicated,” Harris
muttered as he helped make the stran-
ger as comfortable as possible.

  “ Not at all,” Jacobi broke in quick-
ly. “ That is just what I thought at
first, but there is no trace of liquor in
his breath. I cannot understand it; but
go ahead now.”

  At that instant the injured man

roused up, and, after a deep groan,
burst out: “Don’t strike me again!”
Then he suddenly sat erect and
grabbed at Jacobi.

  “ Here, Harris, help me,” the restau-
rant-owner called as the chauffeur was
about to replace the lamp. Then he
attempted to pacify the stranger.

“ There, my man, we are your friends,
and want to take you to a doctor.”

  The other’s hands dropped limply to
his sides, and in the dim glimmer of
the street-lamp, Jacobi could see he was
staring directly at him.

  “ You are injured,” he continued
soothingly; “ but I will get medical aid
as quickly as possible. My driver did
not see you in the darkness, and ran
over you; but I hope and pray you are
not hurt seriously.”

  The other sank back upon the cush-
ions.

  “ I remember all now,” he said, al-
most under his breath. “ Are you a res-
taurant-owner ? ”

   This question took Jacobi by surprise,
but he replied: “Yes—why? ”

  “ Then you are the man they wanted.”
This puzzled the other more than
ever, and, leaning closer to catch the
almost inaudible statements of the in-
jured man, he said: “ I do not under-
stand.”

  “ I know now,” was the response;

“ they wanted you—and got me.”

   Jacobi realized the futility of secur^,
ing any information from the man,
whose mind he now believed to be wan-
dering. Leaning out of the car toward
Harris, who stood alongside, he or-
dered : “ Go ahead, but drive carefully,
avoiding any jar. I’ll take him to my
home.”

  “ No, not that,” the stranger burst
out. “ Take me to my home.”

  The car was already under way, and
the driver leaned back to catch any di-
rection he might give.

  “And where is -that?” Jacobi in-
quired.

  “ Beaumont—on this same road.”

   “ Better let me take you to my house,”
the restaurant proprietor urged. “ I live
in Haledon—only two miles farther than
Beaumont. Then I’ll summon my own
doctor—”

“ No, I want mine,” the stranger in-
JACOBI’S JUGGERNAUT.

245

terrupted. “ I’ll tell you when we get
there.”

  A sharp cry escaped him.

  “ Oh,” he moaned, “ my head and
side pain me so.”

  For a minute no one spoke, then the
injured one added: “You must be the
man they were after.”

“What do you mean?” Jacobi asked.
The car was slowly proceeding north-
ward, and an occasional darkened house
disclosed the fact that they were ap-
proaching a town.

  “ I can tell you—in a few words.”
The stranger spoke with great effort.
“ I had spent the evening—at a friend’s
—about three miles down the road. The
last trolley — was missed — and I was
forced to walk. That spot—where you
found me — I approached and heard
voices. I stopped—and listened— Oh,
my side! ” he moaned, and paused as if
in great pain.

  “ I’ll have you at a doctor’^ pretty
soon now,” Jacobi told him.

  “ There were three men,” the stran-
ger continued. “ I soon learned they
were there—to hold-up and rob—a res-
taurant-owner in New York—who lived
in Haledon.

  “Yes?” Jacobi broke in, now all ex-
citement.	,
“Just then—I stepped on a dry twig.
Before I knew it—they were upon me
—and struck me down by repeated blows
on the head. I remember1 nothing more
—until I found myself here.”

 “Then you saved me—” Jacobi
stopped abruptly, and there was an
added warmth in his tone as he con-
tinued : “ Try to bear the pain a short
while longer.”

  The stranger leaned forward and
stared into the gloom outside the car.

  “ My house—you are near it. It’s on
the next corner,” he murmured.

  “If you wish to be taken there,” Ja-
cobi rejoined, “ I will leave you. But

I	insist upon sending a doctor to you.”
“ There is one in our house,” the
stranger returned, still gazing intently
out of the car. “ It’s a boarding-house
■—and—there it is now.”

  He pointed to a large dwelling a short
distance ahead.

  “ Pull in, Harris,” was the order, and
the car drew up close to the curb.

  “What is your name?” Jacobi in-
quired, as the machine came to a stand-
still.

  “ Bickel,” was the reply.

  “ Ring the bell, Harris, and get some
one out here.”

  As the chauffeur started for the stoop
the injured man called after him: “ Ask
them to get Dr. Zabriskie to come down.
Ask for him.”

  It was some moments after Harris
had rung the bell when a light appeared
in a room 011 the second floor and the
raised window disclosed a woman.

  “Who is there?” she inquired.

  “ Please tell Dr. Zabriskie to come
down,’teJacobi called. “Mr. Bickel has
met with an accident—”

  The head, quickly disappeared, and a
moment later a man-, in a dressing-gown
and slippers appeared at the front door.
He volunteered the information that lie
was Dr. Zabriskie.

  In response to Jacobi’s call, he fol-
lowed Harris to the machine and, upon .
being told very briefly of the accident,
directed that the injured man be helped
to his room.

  The chauffeur and his employer
made a seat by grasping the crossed
hands of each other, and carried the
sufferer into the house and up-stairs, the
doctor following them closely.

  As the victim of the highwaymen was
laid tenderly upon his bed, Jacobi and
Harris stepped back to allow the physi-
cian to determine the extent of Bickel’s
injuries.

  “What happened, Mr. Bickel?” the
surgeon queried while taking his pulse.

  “ I was struck on the head,” was the
reply, “ and then run over—by an auto-
mobile.”

  “Where do you feel pain?” the doc-
tor went on, while he felt the other’s
head carefully.

  “ My head—and side,” was the groan-
ing reply.

  Zabriskie unbuttoned the man’s coat
and shirt, and went over Bickel’s chest
with both hands, while Jacobi and his
chauffeur awaited anxiously the result
of the examination.

  “ Three ribs fractured — one com-
pound,” the surgeon announced without
looking up. “ And a bad one, too,” he
added in a tone that plainly showed the
246

THE ARGOSY.

seriousness of the accident. “ It may
have punctured the lung, although I am
not certain.”

  “And his head?” Jacobi queried
earnestly.

  “ Can’t tell yet whether his skull is
fractured or not.”

  “ This is a very serious matter, doc-
tor,” Jacobi ventured after some hesita-
tion ; “ and I feel doubly responsible
for Mr. Bickel’s condition. In the first
place, his getting what was intended for
me may have saved my life, and, in the
second place, his broken ribs were caused
by my machine passing over him. I owe
him a debt I can never repay, and as
you seem to be a friend of hiSj I im-
plore you to give him every attention in
your power. I am responsible for the
bill, and, if necessary, do not leave his
side for an instant. Here is a hundred
dollars on account.”

  He handed the other some bills which
he had taken from his pocket.

  “ I will do all in my power,” the doc-
tor declared with emphasis, “ and thank
you for your confidence in me, and for
these.”

  He nodded toward the bills, which he
slipped into a wallet.

  “ Bickel and I are the best of friends,
and I tell you this’ll be a blow to him.”
“ It would be a blow to any one,”
Jacobi returned.

  “ But particularly to him,” the doc-
tor said, “ He has been out of work
for some time, and was promised a po-
sition for next Monday. I fear it will
be a great many Mondays before he can
think of going to business.”

  The restaurant-owner drew the physi-
cian 'to the far side of the room, where
they held a brief whispered conversa-
tion, at the conclusion of which the two
men approached the bed again.

  “ Mr. Bickel,” Jacobi began, “ perhaps
you do not realize just what you have
done for me to-night. Had it not been
for you, I might be in the same condition
as yourself—or, more likely, in a much
worse one. And as the doctor has just
informed me, you will be unable, just
now, to accept the position that is
offered to you. I wish to make you a
present—”

  The man on the bed raised his hand
in silent protest.

  “ But I insist upon it,” Jacobi con-
tinued. “ I have already assured Dr.
Zabriskie that all his charges will be
paid by me, and I have advanced him
one hundred dollars on account. But
now, for yourself.”

  He drew out his clieck-book and,
hastily filling one out, handed it to the
injured man. “ This is a slight token
of my gratitude to you,” he added.

  Bickel took it in a dazed sort of way,
and glanced at the slip of paper
quickly.

  “ I can’t accept this,” he said slowly,
and let it flutter to the floor.

  The physician drew the restaurant
owner from the bedside again.

  “ I will attend to it, Mr. Jacobi,” he
said, “ and it will be a godsend to him.
Knowing him as I do, I am fully aware
of his financial condition; and a few dol-
lars will tide him over for the present,
or at least until he is able to be around
again. Landladies are like the tide,” he
added smilingly, “ they wait for no
man.”

  He stepped to the side of the bed and
picked up the check.

  “ Five thousand dollars! ” he ex-
claimed, as his eyes fastened upon the
bit of paper. “ Why, it’s a small for-
tune to him.”

  “ And he deserves it,” J acobi declared.
“ I will leave the patient in your care.
It is late—why, it’s nearly two o’clock—
so I must go. Spare no expense or
trouble to effect a speedy recovery. I
will drop in to-morrow, to inquire re-
garding his progress.”

  With a parting “ Good night,” Jacobi
hurried from the room, and down the
stairs to the street, where Harris, having
realized some time before that his pres-
ence was not needed in the sick-room,
was waiting.

  “ It’s pretty tough on the poor fel-
low,” Jacobi murmured, as the car again
proceeded on its way to Haledon!

  “But he’ll recover, won’t he?” the
chauffeur inquired.

  “ I think so—or, at. least, I hope so,”
was the reply. “ He seemed quite him-
self again, although suffering acute pain.
Let us hope for the best, anyway; but I
think, Harris, that you and I had a
pretty close call.”

  The chauffeur made no reply, and
JACOBI’S JUGGERNAUT.

247

the ride continued in silence, soon
ending, as the heavy car ground noisily
over the pebbled driveway that led from
the highway to Jacobi’s house.

  He dismissed the chauffeur and hur-
ried to his rooms, where he retired for
the night, hoping for the rest he needed.
But the events of the last few hours
weighed heavily upon him, and sleep
would not come.

  The very fact that he would fear to
take the rides his doctor had ordered
preyed upon his mind, and at last forced
him to a decision—he would not let the
matter rest where it was, but would
empl<5y detectives to trace the highway-
men and bring them to justice.

  With this decision came a determi-
nation to lose no time in acting upon it.
He resolved to start upon the wprk at
daylight, while such clues as there might
be would still be warm.

  Jacobi glanced at his watch—it lacked
five minutes of five.

  “ By Jove, I’ll phone Harf now—he
can be up here in an hour or so, and
I’ll get him on the case immediately.”
He had had occasion to employ a de-
tective on two or three occasions, and,
being recommended to one named Hart,
had found him very satisfactory. Con-
sequently, this man came to his mind,
and he quickly determined to get in
communication with him, knowing he
had a telephone in his residence.

  Jacobi threw about himself a dressing-
gown, and descended to the library,
where the telephone was located. Some
moments elapsed between the time he
gave the desired number to the operator
and the thick inquiry at the other end:
“Well, what do you want?”

  But, although his voice betrayed the
fact that its owner had been suddenly
awakened by the ringing of the tele-
phone bell, Jacobi recognized it as be-
longing to the man he wanted.

  “This is Mr. Jacobi,” he said. “I
am in Haledon, and wish you would
come here as quickly as possible.”

  The other was instantly alert, and
ready to do as bidden.

  He arrived in Haledon in due course.
Jacobi met him at the station with the
car, and the restaurant proprietor hur-
riedly recited the events of the past
night, the detective listening intently.

  “ Thinking the place for clues would
naturally be the spot where the affair
happened,” Jacobi added, “ I came down
to take you there.”

  “ It seems a peculiar case,” the detec-
tive replied. “ But let us start for the
spot; my work begins there.”

  “Yes, go ahead, Harris,” Jacobi di-
rected. “ Do you think you can locate
the exact place?”

  “ Yes, sir,” was the reply, as the car
moved off.

  Hart inquired into every detail, from
the time of the accident until Jacobi had
left the bedside of the injured man.

  “ As far as I can make out at present,
Mr. Jacobi,” he said slowly, “you have
had a very narrow escape.”

  “ So I reasoned,” the other agreed.
Hart then turned his attention to the
chauffeur.

  “ Stop just this side of the spot, if
you can remember the exact location.
There may be some clue that might be
destroyed if we ran over the spot.”

  “It is just ahead there—where the
road turns sharply,” Harris explained.

  “ Then, stop here,” Hart directed.
“ Fortunately, the drizzle of last night
was not heavy enough to destroy foot-
prints, if there were any left in the soft
dirt. Let us get out here and walk care-
fully. Keep a sharp lookout.”

  The three .men alighted from the car,
and slowly made their way to the spot
indicated by the chauffeur, easily recog-
nizable by the footprints in the soft
dirt.

  Hart stared hard at these for some
seconds, then remarked: “ There are
plenty of tracks here; but, as they do
not lead into the bushes at the side, I
judge they are your own. As near as
I can make out, the highwaymen must
have kept in the hard road when they
left this spot—there are nd signs that
they made their escape by cutting across
country. Not right here, at any rate.
You passed no one on the road, did
you? ”

  “ Not that I noticed,” Jacobi re-
plied. “Did you, Harris?”

  “ No, sir.”

  Suddenly Hart’s eyes fastened upon
something about ten feet from where
they stood, and he hurried in that di-
rection.
248

THE ARGOSY.

  “What’s this?” he queried, as the
other two men followed behind him.

  There, in the soft soil, were two
parallel marks, as if something heavy
had been dragged toward the bushes at
the side of the road.

  Hart followed the strange marks, and
stepped into the wet bush where they
disappeared, the others watching him
closely. He stooped down for a few
moments, then raised his head and beck-
oned.

  As Jacobi neared his side, he pointed
to an object half hidden by the under-
growth; and that gentleman gave'a start
of surprise, as he saw before him what
appeared at first glance to be the body
of a man.

  The detective noted his look, and re-
assured him.

  “ No need to be shocked—it’s only
a dummy,” he said.

  The restaurant owner leaned over, and
peered closer at the thing; and, when he
saw it was only some straw-filled cloth-
ing, he queried blankly: “What does
this mean?”

  “ I have my own theory,” Hart re-
plied vaguely. “Perhaps 1 am wrong;
but my advice is to take me to the in-
jured man as quickly as possible.”

  “ But what is your theory? ”

  Whether it was that the detective
did not consider his theory had secure
enough foundation, he was not ready to
communicate to his employer, but re-
plied simply: “ Take me to the man;
but do not introduce me as a detective.”
“ But we cannot call upon a sick man
at this hour,” the other protested.

  “ Yes, we can, under these circum-
stances,” Hart insisted.

  “ Very well; the case is in your
hands,” but Jacobi’s tone showed plainly
his reluctance to follow the advice.

  The three men returned to the car,
and were soon on their way to Beaumont
and the injured man.

“What can I say; and who are you
supposed to be?” Jacobi inquired.
“ And perhaps the man will be asleep—”
“ In that case, his rest will be dis-
turbed,” Hart interrupted.

  “ I cannot do that, after what has
happened.”

  “ And it is for just that reason that
vou will do it. When I tell you—”

  “ Here is the house,” Jacobi inter-
rupted, as the car came to a halt.

“ Then let us go up immediately.”
There was a positiveness in the de-
tective’s tone that brooked no objection;
and reluctantly Jacobi followed him up
the steps.

  In answer to his ring of the bell, a
domestic came to the door.

  “ Is Mr. —” he began, then turned
to the restaurant owner. “ What is his
name? ”

   “ Bickel.”

  “Yes; is Mr. Bickel in?”

  “ Yes, sir; because 1 heard him in his
room as I came by it a few moments
ago.”

  “ I guess it was Dr. Zabriskie,” Jacobi
broke in. “ He probably stayed up with
him all night.”

  “ Probably,” Hart repeated quietly.
Then, addressing the girl, he directed:
“Take us to his room. Do not an-
nounce us—take us right up.”

  The two men trailed after the maid,
and paused before the door she indi-
cated. Without a word, Hart turned the
knob quickly and threw open the door.

  “I beg your pardon; I guess I got
in the wrong room,” he said to the men
whose backs were turned to him, and
who were busily packing a grip.

  At the sound of his voice they faced
about suddenly, to see before them a
stranger and the restaurant owner. The
countenances of each took on a peculiar
expression, as they stood there, apparent-
ly too surprised to move or speak.

  Hart crossed the threshold, and, with-
out taking his eyes from the two men,
inquired of Jacobi: “Which is the in-
jured man?”

  “ That—one! ” was the reply, which
came with a gasp of astonishment be-
tween each word.

  “ Pretty well looking man to have
been knocked senseless by highwaymen,
and then run over by an automobile,
I should say,” Hart remarked.

  “ But—but—” Bickel began.

  “ There are no ‘ buts ’ about it,” Hart
broke in. “ I see through your game.”
“ Mr. Hart,” Jacobi burst out, “ I
protest.”

  “ The case is in my hands now, sir,”
the detective declared firmly. Turning
to the two men, he continued, as he dis-
JACOBI’S JUGGERNAUT.

249

closed his shield: 11 I am a detective,
and I want you.”

  “ This matter has gone too far,” Ja-
cobi cried. “ Mr. Bickel, I assure
you—”

  “ Let me talk,” Hart interrupted.
“Can’t you see their game?”

  Dr. Zabriskie fumbled in his pocket,
and drew out the check which the res-
taurant owner had presented to the in-
jured man; and his hand trembled as
he grimly held it out toward the detec-
tive.

  “ Take it—we are leaving town 'by
the first train.”

  Hart took the piece of paper.

  “ When you leave town you come with
me,” he announced firmly. “ Will you
prosecute them, Mr. Jacobi?”

  “ I cannot see—”

  “ Why, you didn’t run over this man,”
the other said impatiently. “ It was a
dummy, which he dragged into the
bushes when he saw you stop, and then
lay down in the road himself. There
were no highwaymen waiting for you,
either. It was all in the game, and
they knew that you’d fall for it. Any
one in the same position would nat-
urally do so.”

  A light of understanding broke over
Jacobi’s face.

  “ I can’t believe it.”

  “ But 1 can; and this Dr. Zabriskie is
no more a doctor than I am. He was the
other man in the affair. Will you pros-
ecute now?”

  A smile of relief broke over Jacobi’s
countenance as he replied: “No; I am
too delighted to know that I have not
injured a man who was supposedly the
cause of saving my life. No, I’ll not
prosecute, now that I have the check
back.”

  Hart gave vent to a grunt of disgust.
“ Well, I’ll be darned! ” he muttered.
Then he turned to the two men.

“ Come on now, and we’ll see that
you get out of town. Pay your bill—”
“ We did that a few moments ago,”
Bickel said, as he shot a furtive glance
at the man he had attempted to defraud.

  “ Then, come on—we’ll take you to
the station,” Hart added.

  The four men descended to the wait-
ing auto; and Harris’s surprise was
noticeable, as he saw them enter the
machine.

  “ To the station,” Jacobi ordered.

  Not a word was spoken during the
"short ride; and there was no parting
greeting as the two strangers clambered
out at the railroad-depot and stood on
the platform, awaiting the train.

  “ You ought to send them up,” Hart
declared, as he lingered beside the car.
“By Jove; how about the hundred you
thought you were paying to a doctor.
I’ll get that, too.”

  But Jacobi detained him.

  “No; let them keep it. It’s worth
that to have my mind relieved—to know
my machine did not break four or five
of a man’s ribs.”

  A heavy train was rumbling into the
station, and Hart started toward it with
the pair in front of him.

  “ I’ll see them to New York, anyway.
Good day, sir.”

  Harris turned to his employer.
“What does it mean, sir?”

  Jacobi smiled grimly.

  “ Nothing much, except that you
didn’t run over that man Bickel. Re-
lieve your mind on that score. Take
me home now, and I’ll tell you all about
it on the way to New York this after-
noon.”

    FAITHFULNESS.

 They vowed eternal constancy—
 The youth and maiden shy;
 Through time and through eternity
 Their love should never die.

 But fate, in life’s uncertain whirl,
 Played havoc with their plan—
 He’s married to another girl.

 She to another man.
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.*

By ALBERT PAYSON TERHUNE,

               Author of “ From Flag to Flag," “ On Glory’s Trail," “With Sealed Lips," etc.

             A story of Paris in the Reign of Terror, with an American for
             its central figure and his sweetheart in the grip of powerful foes.

        SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Accompanied by Shadrach Bemis, an old ex-scout and trapper, a young American,
Jack Braith, sets sail for France with the purpose of claiming the title and estates of his
late granduncle, the Vicomte de Chevreuse. He knows nothing of his French relatives
except of his cousin, Etienne de Chevreuse, a wild youth who is said to resemble him
greatly in looks. On the voyage he meets and falls in love with Mile. Elise de Perier,
who, with her father, is taken aboard from a sloop wrecked by a privateer after a narrow
escape from being kidnaped by the privateer’s mysterious captain.

    Arrived in Paris, where the Revolution is raging, Braith, Bemis, and De Perier take
lodging at a small hotel in the Rue St. Honore. Two weeks later Mile, de Perier fis ab-
ducted by some unknown enemy; but Bemis succeeds jn tracking the cab in which she is
carried off to a convent in the suburbs. Under the guidance of Bemis, Braith goes to the
place and demands to see the abbess. Her words of greeting leave him dumfounded with
amazement.

CHAPTER VI (Continued).

A NEW MYSTERY.

WHAl* the abbess said that so an-
noyed me was merely this:

 “ Citizen Braith.”

How did she know my name?

I peered forward through the half-
light to scan her pallid face. Indistinct-
ly as I could see it, I was none, the less
sure I had never before looked upon her.

 “ Citizen Braith,” she repeated, as I
 did not speak, “ you wished to speak
 with me ? ”

 “ Yes,” I made shift to reply, pulling
 myself together, and blurting out my
 message awkwardly enough. “ I wished
 to see you about Mile, de Perier.”

She inclined her head, but with 110
surprise.

 “ Mile, de Perier is here? ” 1 went on.
 “ Certainly, Citizeness Perier is here,”
 she answered, apparently astonished at
 my question.

“ Mother,” I pleaded, awkward in my
hopeless eagerness, “ 1 have come for
her. Won’t you let me take her away?
I beg it of you. Her old father—”

 “ Let you take her away? ” echoed the
 abbess.	A

•	Began April Argosy.

  “ Yes. Back to her father. Mother,
I do not ask why she—”

  “But, citizen,” she interrupted, “it*is
not necessary to entreat. Your order is
sufficient. As you well know, the citizen-
ess has been detained here only subject
to your wishes. Now that you are ready
to remove her, there can be no obstacle
to her departure. I hardly expected you
so soon. But—”

  I did not hear the rest of the sentence.
The room seemed to whirl around me.

  Was I dreaming? Here I had come,
prepared to beg, threaten, intrigue. Yet
Lhad hoped little of my quest. And at
my first word I found the door of my
wishes flung wide open.

  Surely, of all the day’s many tangles,
this was the most mystifying.

  My first thought was that in the gloom
the abbess had mistaken me for another.
But. no. She had called me by name,
had said Elise was at the convent await-
ing only my word of release. Mad and
impossible as it all seemed, I was not
idiot enough to spoil my advantage by
prying into its reason.

  “ I thank you, mother,” I said, as coolly
as I could. “ And if I may trouble you
to have Mile, de Perier ready at once, I
Single copies, 10 cents.

250
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

251

will have a carriage sent for to take her
away.”

  The abbess bowed, and was about to
quit the room when I interposed:

  “ One moment. May I ask that you
do not let her know it is I who arranged
her release? ”

  “ But—”

  “ Let her think it is the police, or any
one you will,” I insisted. “ But I do
not wish my name to appear. The car-
riage, if I can find one at this hour, will
be awaiting her in the courtyard in ten
minutes. Will you see that she is ready
by that time? ”

  Coming upon the little boy, on the
steps, I handed him a gold coin and bade
him hurry oft' to the nearest mews for
two fiacres., and have them sent to the
convent with all speed. Then I joined
Bemis at the gate.

  To the old trapper I told the story.
At its end he muttered confusedly:
“This ain’t a joke, is it?”

  “ I don’t know,” said I. “ My only
fear is that I may wake up before we get
to Mile, de Perier’s home.”

  “ But what are the two carriages
for?” he queried, as the cabs rumbled
up to the gate.

  “ I want her love,” I replied; “ not
her gratitude. If she knows I have saved
her from this place she may think she
owes me something. You and I will get
into this second cab. The abbess will
put her in the first. I will give direc-
tions beforehand to both drivers. One to
go straight to our hotel with her; the
other—the one you and I take—to fol-
low close to guard her.

  “ She need never know. I don’t eare
to pose as a rescuer, especially after such
a tame rescue as this; nor to have her
feel indebted to me. She must care for
me for myself. Not for what I’ve done
for her.”

  Which proved to be the most insane
plan of my life, and one that was to lead
us all far closer to death than most men
are brought before their last hour.

CHAP PER VII.

DISMAY.

  It was late next morning when I
awoke. And long I lay drowsily won-

dering why I felt so at peace with the
world. Then I remembered. Elise was
safe!

  True to my plan, Bemis and I had not
made known our presence. Elise had
entered the cab in the convent courtyard,
and had been driven straight to the
hotel, we following in the second vehicle.

  I had seen her alight and hurry into
the hotel, and had noted in that brief
glimpse the stricken, harassed look on
her sweet face. Small wonder, after all
she had been through.

  I had not broken in upon her meeting
with her father. She would be weary.
It was no time to intrude. So I waited.

  And now at dawn I awoke. Across
the room Shadrach was snoring mightily.
In the street outside I heard the rolling
of carts. A shrill newsboy’s voice cut
the air with words whose frequency of
utterance, had well-nigh robbed them of
their gruesome meaning:

  “ List of the Condemned'. List of
the Condemned! ”

  For thus it was that the news-sheets
of the time made known to the public
the results of each previous day’s trials.
And people read with bated breath.

  None could say how soon his or her
own name might be emblazoned there,
nor when the cockaded guard of the
Committee of Public Safety might halt
at the door with the dread summons:

  “ In the name of the Republic of
France! ”

  That morning I .called on Laurier,
the Chevreuse advocate. He had re-
turned from Touraine the preceding
afternoon. But I got slight benefit from
the visit. Old Laurier declared himself
utterly at a loss.

  ' “ For months I have been at work
on the case,” he said in doleful perplex-
ity. “ It seemed moderately simple at
first. Indeed, I cannot say why it has
not remained so. But at every turn some
new and unforeseen obstacle blocks my
way. Some legal quibble due to the
changed conditions, or else a setback of
a clerical sort. It seems as if some wily
foe were working in the dark against us.”
“ You spoke in your letter,” I sug-
gested, “ of another claimant, who had
vowed to fight my claim to the last
ditch. Can you tell me who he is, and
where T may find him? I may as well
252

r

THE ARGOSY.

settle with him soon as late. If there
is a duel to be fought—”

  “ 1 am not yet at liberty to give you
the information you ask,” he interposed.
“ You see, I am the lawyer of the estate;
not your personal advocate. So I must
do justice alike to all legal claimants.
Personally, as I wrote you, I believe your
claim just, and yourself the natural suc-
cessor. But, until I can fully establish
those facts and hear in full the preten-
sions of—”

  “ I understand,” I broke in, rising.

  I knew well the dreary, long-winded
technicalities of French law. It could
not be hurried.

  “ Moreover,” he added, “ even though
you are proven the rightful wearer of
the title ‘ Vicomte de Chevreuse,’ it will
not only be an empty honor in these days
of equality, but may even implicate you
as an aristocrat. I speak unprofession-
ally, of course,” hev finished nervously.
“ You see, I—”

  “ I know,” said I, “ yet I am minded
to claim the title. For myself, it means
nothing. I am an American, born and
bred; and to America I shall return,
when this business is at an end. Yet,”
thinking of Elise and her father, “ I
wish to prove my right to the title, none
the less. As" for the estates and the
money, I shall need those for the same
cause. I beg you will use all diligence
in my behalf.”

  When I reached the outer office,
where Shadrach was awaiting me, I
found him doubled up on a high stool,
poring over a shabby little book, his
lips moving noiselessly, his forehead
puckered. It was not the first time I
had caught him thus engaged. Now,
as always before, at sight of me he
thrust the book into his deerskin blouse.

  But he saw that I had noted his
action. As we( passed out into the street,
he cleared his throat, and remarked,
with some nervousness:

  “Know what I was doin’?”

  “ No,” 1 answered. “ What? ”
Instead of replying directly, he drew
a long breath, and then burst forth into
a jumble of fearsome sounds.

  “ Thar! ” he ended, with sheepish
pride. “ How’s 4hat?”

  “ Is it a Choctaw war-whoop ? ” I
asked, “or—”

  “It’s French!” he retorted, deeply
offended. “ An’ you pretend to know
the language, aij’ can’t even understand
it! What I said was French for ‘Have
you the pen, ink, an’ paper of your,
gran’ther’s wife ? ’ ”

  “ Oho! It was a French text-book
you were studying? Good for you!
Now say the sentence again, a little
slower this time. French people don’t
talk quite so explosively.”

  “ A vvy—z'oo—lay—ploom,—I— " he
began pompously. Then, with a rueful
sigh: “ The whole measly thing’s
slipped me ag’in! But I’ll git it some
time or other. When you goin’ to call on
Miss Elise?”

  I consulted my watch.

  “ It is nearly noon,” I answered.
“I’ll go as soon as'We reach the hotel.”
“ You were silly not to take her home
from that convent place last night.
She’d likely ’a’ squealed 1 I’m your’n! ’
the minute she clapped eyes on you, an’
found it was you that let her out of
the convent.”

  “ I’ve tol'd you once that I want her
love, not her thanks,” I replied.
“ And—”

  “ An’ I’ve told you twice you’re fool-
ish. Trouble’s li’ble to come from that
breed of nonsense.”

  I laughed at him, and ran up the
broad stairs of the hotel to the door of
the De Perier suite. To the answering
“ Entrez! ” I swung open the door and
entered the spacious old drawing-room.

  Elise and her father were seated near
the window, deep in talk. A glance
showed me that Elise had been weeping.
On her white face I read, too, that
harassed, almost heart-broken look which
had so distressed me the night before.

  At sight of me, both father and
.daughter sprang to their feet. I hur-
ried forward eagerly, then halted. For,
instead of the welcoming smile I had
looked to see, De Perier’s pale old eyes
were ablaze with wrath. Elise had
shrunk back at my advance, as though
I had struck her.

  And thus, for an instant, we three
stood. It was De Perier who broke the
silence.

  “ It is well you have come, monsieur
lie said, in a voice shaking with rage,
“ though I scarce expected such effront-
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

253

ery. It is a peace, however, with the
rest of your conduct.”

  “ M. de Perier!” I cried, doubting
my own ears.

  “It is well!” he repeated. ‘‘For
you can hear from our own lips how
we regard such as,you. -If—”
“Mademoiselle! ” I exclaimed aghast,
turning to Elise, “ has your father gone
mad?”

  But she vouchsafed me no answer.
Her gentle eyes were full of a cold
scorn that had no place therein. Yet,
behind it, I seemed to read a sorrow
greater than her outward contempt.

  I drew myself together, facing De
Perier again.

  “ Will you do me the honor to explain,
sir ? ” I asked stiffly.

  “ Hypocrisy will not help you now,”
he retorted. “ We know everything. I
only grieve we did not know sooner.”
“What do you mean? On my soul,
this is Greek to me.”

  “ I mean,” snarled De Perier, “ if I
were a younger man, I should kill you,
as I would kill a cur. As it is, leave our
rooms before I forget my own dignity.
Another will soon be here who will know
how to deal with you. Though it were
unbecoming a gentleman of France to
soil his hands on such canaille.”

  Elise had crossed to where the sha-
king, furious old man stood, and laid an
appealing hand on his arm. The touch
momentarily calmed him..

  “ Go! ” he repeated, pointing again
to the door.

  In reply, I folded my arms, and stood
stock-still.

  “ I shall not go,” said I as quietly
as might be, “ until this absurd mis-
understanding is cleared up.”

  “ Misunderstanding! ” he mocked bit-
terly. “ The ‘ misunderstanding ’ has
been all ours, monsieur. It no longer
exists. Nor do you, so far as concerns
us.”

  “Mademoiselle” said I, again ignor-
ing him, “I seem unable to obtain any
explanation from your father. Will you
do me the honor to tell me what this
all means?”

  “ I forbid you to address my daugh-
ter ! ” quavered the irate De Perier.

  “ I have been honored by your ac-
quaintance. mademoiselle, and by your

father’s,” I went on, unheeding. “ To
the best of my knowledge, I have done
nothing to forfeit that honor. Yret to-
day—”

  Elise checked again an outbreak of
De Perier’s rage. Speaking with an ef-
fort, yet in a curiously dead, calm voice,
she turned to her father.

  “ It would be. better to end this. It
cannot but be painful to us all. Tell
M. Braith why we forbid him our rooms,
father, as briefly as you can.”

  “ M. Braith,” said the old man,
quieter now, and bowing acquiescence to
his daughter’s request, “ I welcomed your
acquaintance because I believed you a
gentleman. I allowed you to meet and
converse freely with my daughter, under
the same impression. How have you
requited us? By causing my daughter’s
arrest as a political suspect. By having
her spirited away from me, and placed
in the convent of Our Lady of Mont-
martre. By—”

   “ It is a lie! ” I shouted, forgetting
in my amaze to choose more respectful
language toward a man so much my
senior. “ Who tells so dastardly a false-
hood of me? It is absurd, as well as
false. I—”

  “ Your acting is excellent, monsieur”
sneered De Perier, “ but it will not serve.
You know best why you did this thing.
At first, I myself was at a loss for a
motive to it. But this very day the clue
has unexpectedly come into my hands.

I understand now only too well why
you should wish my daughter out of
the way. Have you heard enough? If
so, go! ”

  “ I have heard no word of truth,” I
replied, dizzy with the whole bewildering
affair, “ nor anything I can understand.
You are actually mad enough to claim
it was / who had Mile, de Perier kid-
naped? I demand to know your author-
ity for so ridiculous a—”

   “ 1 am his authority,” interposed Elise.

   You?”

  “ I went to the fiacre to meet my
father. I was hurried into it, and the
driver started. Then 1 found it was
not my father, but a strange man beside
me on the seat. The curtains were down.

I could not see his face. I was hurried
to the convent. There, they were await-
ing me.
254

THE ARGOSY.

   “ I was led to a cell by two lay-sisters.
Put no word of explanation was offered.
Some hours later—long after dark—I
was ordered to go to the abbess’s room.
The police had ordered me set free.”

  I remembered angrily the tale I had
bade the abbess tell as explanation.
Elise went 011:

  “ As the abbess was telling me of my
release, s’he was called from the room
for a moment. On the table lay several
open papers. One was a ‘ Icttre de
cachet,’ consigning me to the convent,

‘ on request of Citizen J ohn Braith,
American, and for such term as he shall
designate.’ It was signed by Fouquier-
Tinville, the public prosecutor, and
countersigned by the president of the—”
"My name? Mine?” I found voice
to gasp.

“ Your name,” she repeated miserably.
“ I still did not believe. When the
abbess returned, I showed her the paper,
and demanded to know what it meant.”
“ And she—”

   “ She confirmed it. I still refused to
believe. Then she showed me the sig-
nature 1John Braith, American,’ at the
bottom of my commitment, and—and
described you accurately. She said you
had been at the convent that very day.”
Naturally enough, the abbess could
describe me. She had, at the time,
parted from me not ten minutes before.
But, even at that, I could make nothing
of it all.

  Why should a daughter of the church
lie about such a thing? No; she had
told doubtless what she deemed the
truth. Also, she had called "me by name
on first sight.

  Oh, there was no getting to the bot-
tom of the wretched complication! Nor
had I just then the heart to try to solve
it. All I wanted was to set myself
straight in Elise’s eyes.

   “ Well, sir,” observed De Perier, “ are
you satisfied?”

  “No!” I declared.

   “ You still persist in—”

  “ In declaring my innocence. I do
not understand this mystery. But I give
you my word—”

  “ The word of an American! ”

  There was a slur in the retort that
maddened me.

  “Yes, of an American!” I flashed

back. “Of a race that has yet to be
charged with the petty dishonesties and
lies that are dragging your Old-World
nations to their fall. You use the term
‘ American ’ as an insult, Sieur de Perier.
/ Wear it as an honor.”

  “ An honor on which your country
is doubtless to be complimented,” he
laughed contemptuously. “ But this has
little to do with the matter in hand.
You have—”

  “ I have heard you patiently, and I
deny the charges. All I ask is the
chance to prove them false.”

  De Perier shrugged his shoulders in
disgust, and once again pointed door-
ward. But Elise now spoke. Her lovely
face had softened. I knew she was loath
to disbelieve pie, and that my vehemence
had had some slight effect on her heart.

  “ M. Braith,” she. said, “ I would
rather cut off my own hand than that
you should have been thus treated if you
do not deserve it. If that is so, both
I and my father will make all the
amends that mortals can. You must not
blame us, nor think we decided over-
hastily. Surely, the proof stands clear.
Can you refute it ? ”

  “ He can overwhelm us with lies! ”
cried De Perier, before I could speak.
“If he has real proof, let him produce
it.”

  “ You have doubted my word, mon-
sieur,” said I. “ Among gentlemen, a
'’sacred word of honor is—”

  “ My father has doubted your word,”
admitted Elise, intervening between De
Perier and myself, “ but he was indig-
nant at what he thought were my
wrongs. When he is calmer, he will
agree with me in accepting it. I do not
ask for proofs, M. Braith. If you will
give me your solemn word of honor—”
“ Gladly! ” I exclaimed, my heart
throbbing with joy at her trust, and its
triumph over such fearfully condemning
appearances. “Most gladly! I—”

  “ Your word of honor,” she continued,
“ that the abbess was mistaken in think-
ing you visited the convent and talked
with her yesterday—”

  My changed face must have warned
her. For she stopped, and her own pale
cheek grew whiter. Her big gray eyes
were luminous with unspoken pleadings.
What could I do?
THE CRIMSON HARVEST

255

  Yes, I know it would have been the
part of sanity to say: “ I went there
to save you.” But, even if I could have
made her believe the story of my strange
interview with the abbess — which my
own common sense scarce permitted me
to believe—I was still all the more re-
solved not to come to her with an appeal
for thanks, when what I craved was her
unbiased love.

  And stubborn pride, too, flew to the
aid of this resolve.

  Her father had insulted me. She her-
self had at first doubted me—though her
strongest reason for that doubt I was
destined not to know until many months
later—and, in face of all this, how could
I pose melodramatically as her pre-
server? It was out of the question.
And, at best. De Perier would never
credit my version of the scene at the
convent. No; there was no way out
of it.

  De Perier, who had moved to the win-
dow, as though disclaiming any share
in his daughter’s compassionate weak-
ness, now looked around in some, in-
terest. He had noted Elise’s pause, and,
like her, read my face.

  “ You heard my daughter’s question,”
he rasped. “ Did you, or did you not,
go to the convent of Our Lady of Mont-
martre yesterday?”

  I made no reply.

  “ Did you talk there with the abbess,
in reference to my daughter’s captiv-
ity?”

  I did not answer.

  “Come, come, sir!” the old man
growled. “ A moment back, you were
eager enough to be put upon your so-
called ‘ word of honor.’ Yet, now that
we stoop to question you, you are dumb.
Surely, there is not so much ‘ honor ’ in
that "same ‘ word ’ as to choke back all
your speech? Can you find no lies to
those two simple queries: Did you go
to the convent, and did you talk to the
abbess?”

  “ My answer to both questions,” I
returned hopelessly, “is—yes!.”

  A little gasp from Elise, and an ironic
chuckle from her father. Then the girl
sank down, and buried her face in her
hands. There was that in her crushed
attitude which went like a knife to my
heart.

  “ I went there,” I asserted again,
“ and I talked to the abbess. But it
was not to—”

  A jeering laugh from the old man
cut me short.

  “ So the supply of falsehoods has not
yet run out, after all! ” he remarked.
“ Have you still others? ”

  “ I have spoken the truth,” I urged,
casting sense to the winds, along with
hope, “ and any man with a brain should
know it. What object could I have had
in the kidnaping of your daughter? Let
me tell you one more ‘ falsehood,’ to
prove what I say—or to clinch the rest.
M. de Perier, 1 love your daughter. I
had hoped to come to you, rich and
titled, to claim her hand. Why should

I,	then, have spirited her away? I love
her, and—”

  The old man’s sardonic humor gave
place in a breath to senile fury at my
presumption.

  “ Go! ” he shrieked, springing un-
steadily at me, cane aloft.

  Down came the slender walking-stick,
across my unguarded face. Feeble as
was the arm that dealt it, the blow was
none the less infuriating.

  And then 1 did the bravest deed of
my life. I looked De Perier in the eyes
—scarce noting Elise’s cry of horror,
and her hurried rush between us—bowed
in silence to both father and daughter,
turned on my heel, and left the room.

  My whole being throbbed and burned
ii? accord with the sting of the welt
across my face. I could not think, save
through a mist of red.

  I had been struck like a street-beggar
—and in the presence of-a woman! The
woman I loved. I had been struck, and
I had been brave enough not to resent it.

  I left the hotel, looking not to right
or left. Straight onward I went, heed-
less of distance, direction, or time.

 Through deserted byways, and
through busy throngs I hurried at un-
checked pace. More than one man was
rudely jostled in my unswerving prog-
ress through the more frequented thor-
oughfares.

  At such times, I came out of my mad
daze long enough to hope vaguely that
one of the persons thus hustled might
take umbrage and pick a quarrel with
me.
256

THE ARGOSY.

  An angry man is not unlike a child.
A man furious as I, and, at the same
time, so sorely perplexed and heart-
broken, is perhaps little better than an
imbecile. And always that reddening
welt on my face burned and stung. It
'seemed to me that the mark must blaze
out from my countenance and give
notice to all:

  “ Here is the man who was caned—■
beaten like a dog—and who did not re-
sent it! ”

  For many hours this insanity of mine
must have waged. Till, at last, by sheer
fatigue and lapse of time, it smoldered
down into something like normal men-
tality, and I came to myself, wondering,
at first, where I was.

  Dusk had fallen. I was in the Mont-
martre district. I must have wandered
in a half-circle, covering many miles,
yet pausing at length only a mile or
two from my starting-point.

  Montmartre, in those days, as later,
Avas the home of workmen, poor students,
riffraff, cafe politicians, and the “ red ”
political societies.

  Not the safest place on earth, after
nightfall. But, at that era of agita-
tion, it was the home-ground of the
most rabid of all the revolutionary
factions.

  I loosened my small sword in its
sheath, looked about me to fix my loca-
tion, and, walking in midstreet, beyotjd
the shadow's of the rickerty houses,
turned my steps homeward.

  I was passing a cafe, when its door
was flung open, and one or two men
started out. I crossed the broad path
of light from within. One of the men
lurched accidentally against me, in emer-
ging from the brightly illuminated in-
terior into the dusk of the street.

  The impact jarred him, and he gave
vent to his feelings in one of those pe-
culiarly offensive epithets for which the
Paris pot-house politician is so justly
celebrated.

  At another time, I might have let it
pass. But now, my nerves raw, up
flared my temper. Catching the fel-
low suddenly by the shoulder, I shook
him, as a puppy might shake a rag, and
then threw him violently against the
wall.

  He gathered himself together with a

volley of lurid curses, pulled out an
ugly, short knife, and sprang toward me.

CHAPTER VIII.

A NOCTURNAL ADVENTURE.

  Now, I had done an asinine thing. I
had forced a fight in a district where
human life was held even cheaper than
in the revolutionary courts of the day.

  Also, my opponent was no doubt a
member of one of the countless Mont-
martre clubs or gangs, and had probably
a score of friends within easy call more
than willing to take up their comrade’s
quarrel. I would be extremely lucky to
escape alive.

  Still, having brought on the trouble, I
would not adopt the one sane course left
to me, namely, take to my heels. I stood
my ground, half drawing my sword as
my assailant bounded forward. Then an
odd thing happened.

  The fellow halted — almost, as it
seemed, in mid-leap. His truculent man-
ner underwent a swift change.

  “ Pardon, citizen,” he said, in brutal
attempt at civility. “ May I inquire your
name? ”

  “ My name is Braith,” I replied, sur-
prised.

“Citizen John Braith—American?”
with a queer inflection on the last word.

  “ Yes.”

  And I made as though to pass on.

  “ One moment,” he ordered, barring
my way, knife still gripped.

  lie blew four peculiarly modulated
notes on a whistle he liad snatched out
of a pocket with his free hand. While. I
was still wondering at the action, and in
doubt as to whether to thrust him to one
side or to remain where I was, a half-
dozen men ran out of the cafe.

  “ We are in luck! ” cried the man who
had summoned them. “And I am glad
the meeting w’as still on in there. It
would have been a pity to let such prey
escape. And, in my hurry, I was nigh
to choosing for my own meat ■ what
lawfully belongs to you all. Citizens!
Brothers of the Montmartre Branch! ”
he went on oratorically. “ Permit me to
present an honored guest. 'Jack Braith—
American! ”

I had scarce opportunity to note again
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

257

that inflection on the word “ American.”
For, at his speech, the half-dozen closed
around me.

  A little crowd had already collected
in the dim street. The cafe door had
swung shut, and we were almost in dark-
ness.

  I made as though to draw my sword.
Two hands from behind pinioned my
arms. I wrenched myself free; but not
before another had seized my sword, and
pulled it from the scabbard, and out of
my reach.

  Another patriot, carried away by zeal,
threw himself upon me. My fist met his
jaw, and he collapsed in the muddy
roadway.

  But what can one man do against
six? I am no hero of Drury Lane melo-
drama. I struck out in all my strength,
and more than one went down before
my blows; while others reeled back,
bruised and bleeding, into the crowd.

  Yet the struggle was short. Others
had joined the first comers. Soon I was
overpowered by sheer force of numbers,
and my arms were pinioned.

  “ So! ” exclaimed the man, who had
summoned the rest. “ That’s settled.
Shall we carry him inside for his trial,
or dispense wholly with the farce, and
march straight to the Seine?”

  “What does this mean?” I panted,
still vainly struggling. “ If you are
pickpockets—”

  “Pickpockets?” echoed the spokes-
man in high contempt. “ Citizen Braith,
we are as incorruptible as your beloved
friend and patron, Maximilien Robes-
pierre—whom may the guillotine feed
upon! ”

  “ Amen ! ” chorused other voices from
the darkness.

  “ A bas Robespierre! ” screamed a
fishwife in the crowd.

  The rabble took up the cry. Clearly,
the “ Incorruptible ” was not popular
here. And I, for some reason, was evi-
dently supposed to be one of his sup-
porters.

  “Yell ‘A bas Robespierre!3 Citizen
Braith,” suggested my first acquaintance,
“ and we may make your end less pain-
ful.”

  The idea appealed to the crowd, and
a laugh arose.

  “‘A bas Robespierre! ’ by all means,

    5 A

if you like,” I retorted as unconcernedly
as might be. “ It is all one to me! ”

  “ See! ” commented the man, “ his
own lieutenants cannot be loyal to the
‘ Incorruptible.’ I’ll wager that even
Couthon or St. Just would also have—”
“ Be still! ” ordered a deeper voice,
from the other side of the little circle.
“ That is not Citizen Braith’s voice. I
ought to know. Bring a torch, some
one.”

  A flambeau was brought from a near-
by huckster-stall. The deep-voiced man
—who was taller and better dressed than
his colleagues, and seemed in authority
—thrust it in front of my face.

  “ There is some mistake here,” he an-
nounced presently. “ This is not Braith.
Duval, you’ve made another of your
stupid, absinthe-bred blunders.”

  “ It is Braith,” insisted the man with
the knife. “ He—”

  " / ought to know,” interrupted the
other. “ It is not he, or any one close
to Robespierre.”

  “You are right, citizen,” spoke up
another. “ This is not Braith. I’ve
seen him a hundred times.”

  “ Well,” cheerfully observed the man
called Duval, “ why not kill him, any-
how, on general principles? It will be
symbolic. Like burning Braith in effigy.
What do you say, brothers?”

  Another laugh went up at the grue-
some pleasantry. But the leader inter-
vened sharply:

  “ Are we patriots, or are we street-
assassins? ”

  Personally I thought the two might
amount to much the same.

  “ A mistake has been made, here,” lie
added. Turning to me, and offering me
my sword, liilt foremost, lie cut short
the wrangle by saying:

  “ Citizen, pray accept our apologies.
Ho, there! (jive the citizen room to
pass on his way. Good night! ”

  Dazed, my brain awhirl, I returned
his bow, took the proffered sword, and
passed through the sullenly parted
throng, out into the silence of the night
beyond.

  As a man in a dream, I walked. My
wonder is that I did not, in my absorp-
tion, fall victim to the first footpad.

  Within the past thirty hours I had
first been saved from a duel, because I
258

THE ARGOSY.

was mistaken, by ill light and other ob-
structions, for a friend of Robespierre’s.
Next, 1 had been able to rescue Elise
from the convent, simply because my
name was Braith. Now, 1 had been
saved from nocturnal death, because, ap-
parently, my name was not Braith.

  Was ever mortal man in such another
snarl? Was there any head or tail to
the absurd, impossible situation?

  I had, at first, thought Robespierre
mistook me for one of his friends. The
same supposition would account for his
enemies’ assault on me to-night.

  But the name “ Braith ”? Why should
it secure me the privileges' of the con-
vent-prison, and why should the state-
ment that it was not my cognomen snatch
me from death at the hands of the Mont-
martre Club? Why?

  Oh, it was all beyond me. To dwell
on it longer, I felt, was like to drive
me mad.

   But one thing, at least, my Montmartre
adventure had accomplished. It had
lifted me out of my despondent rage
against fate and circumstances in gen-
eral, and De Perier in particular. I saw
that situation now at a better perspec-
tive and with saner eyes.

  I had played the fool that morning.
Instead of insisting on going over the
whole misunderstanding quietly and log-
ically with Elise and her father—driving
with De Perier, if necessary, to the con-
vent itself, for confirmation of my story
—what had I done? I had blazed out
like any drunken 'soldier, seeking, by
frantic assertion, to batter down a gate
of disbelief that only common sense
could unbar. I had bellowed where I
should have argued.

  As a result, I had crushed Elise’s
dawning faith in my innocence, and I
had subjected myself to a blow from
a man too old to give satisfaction. Well,
what was done might even yet be un-
done.

  I put my pride and anger behind me—
or, rather, both were overwhelmed by
my greater love—and decided then and
there to humiliate myself, by seeking
out Elise and making one more appeal
to her. Not for belief this time, but for
a fair chance to prove myself guiltless.

  If she would grant me such chance,
I was prepared to seize this baffling

mystery by the throat, and—at cost' of
life, if need be—unveil it.

  I reached the hotel, full of my new
resolve. Passing the door of the De
Perier suite, on my way to my own room,

I saw a line of light below the thresh-
old, and heard voices within.

  Now that I had fought down my
pride, I was minded not to let a night
pass before putting my new resolution
to the touch. I rapped lightly—for the
hour was late—at the drawing-room door
of the suite. Then I pulled myself to-
gether, determined not to let any rebuff
of De Perier’s turn me from my pur-
pose or ruffle my wretched temper.

  No reply came to my soft knock, the
voices within the apartment drowning
it. So I rapped again; this time harder.

  The door, though I had not noted the
fact, was on the latch. The impact of
my hand swung it wide. It was ill-hung
and its sill warped, or so light a pres-
sure would scarce have opened it. The
hotel and its equipment were old, and
not in best repair.

  As it was, I found myself standing
on the threshold, looking into the bril-
liantly lighted room, whose occupants—
grouped at the opposite side, and talking
—had not heard even my second and
louder knock.

  Dazzled by the sudden glare of light,
after the dark, 1 stood blinking on the
threshold, trying to adjust my eyes to
the light, and with my lips parted to
apologize for having seemingly flung
open the door unbidden.

  But, though my mouth remained open,
no words came. I stood, like the spec-
tator at a stage-play, gazing speechless
upon a scene being enacted at the far
end of the long room.

CHAPTER IX.

MY CROWNING ACT OF FOLLY.

  A table was spread, whereon lay tlie
remnants of a light supper. At one end
of it sat M. de Perier, leaning back with
a complacent smile on his withered old
lips. His pale eyes were fixed affec-
tionately on two people who had appar-
ently just risen from the board.

   One of these was Elise, still pale, but
with a happy light in her glorious gray
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

259

eyes. The other was a man—tall,
young, handsome — in traveling dress.
On a chair near by lay his cloak, hat,
and sword.

  The man, with one arm, supported
Elise, whose head rested on his shoul-
der. This was what had caught my eye
and held me dumb.

  As I looked, she was saying:

  “ Good night, then, clieri! And sleep
well. A bridegroom should not look
haggard on his wedding-day.”

  “If the sight of your dear face does
not give me sweet dreams, nothing will,”
replied the stranger, stooping and kiss-
ing her. “ So I— Sacre! who is this? ”
he broke off, catching sight of me.

  With a little cry, Elise released her-
self from his arm and whirled about,
fear in her eyes. De Perier, too, sprang
shakily from his seat with a guttural cry.

  The eyes of all three were fixed upon
me. In the stranger’s I read only sur-
prise ; in Elise’s, a fear so intense that
it actually hurt me; in De Perier’s a
senile fury.

  “ What do you wish ? ” asked the new-
comer curtly.

 “Nothing—now!” I answered, my
voice sounding hoarse and strange even
to my own ears.

  It was the truth. I had no further
object in being there. I had just seen
that which struck me to the heart as all
the horrors of the Reign of Terror had
failed to do. For, in the scene I had
witnessed, no great acumen was needed
to show me my life-liopes lay dead.

  Elise was betrothed; was evidently—<
from her wrords — about to become a
bride. I am glad to recall that even
then I did not blame .her for her earlier
kindly treatment of myself. In none of
it, now that I reviewed our happy talk
together, had she given me actual en-
couragement.

  I had mor£ than once hinted of my
own great love. But she had not co-
quetted with me, nor offered anything
that I could honestly term encourage-
ment.

  Yet I marveled that, in our weeks of
close acquaintanceship in Paris, I had
never before set eyes on this fiance of
hers. Had he but just arrived from a
distance? Whoever he might be, and
from wherever he might have come, I

could see his suit was not only favored
by the girl, but by her father as well.

  In France, fathers do not sit smiling
by while their daughters are kissed by
men whose attentions are. unwelcome to
the family. Elise had told me she was
an only child. This embrace I had be-
held could not, therefore, be fraternal.
No, there was but one explanation,
and that the simplest. And the future
stretched out before me, dreary and
barren as a rainy sea.

  All at once 1 felt very old and very
weary.

  Hence, as I answered the stranger’s
brusk query, I bowed, and was stepping
back through the doorway, when De
Perier found his tongue.

  “Nothing?” he queried fiercely, echo-
ing my word. “ It seems you add to
your other accomplishments the gentle
art of spying, M. Braith.”

  I did not answer. IndeecJ, I scarce
heeded. Nothing mattered now. I was
still withdrawing when, at sound of my
name, the other man sprang forward to
bar the exit.

“braith?” he cried. “Is this the
scoundrel of whom you told me, sir? ”
“ Yes,” answered De Perier. “ The
cur whom I caned this morning, and
who—”

  " Monsicurexclaimed the stranger,
“ you shall not leave this room before
giving me full satisfaction for your gross
insult to Mile, de Perier. You shall
be taught that it is one thing to kidnap
a young lady, whose only protector is
old and feeble, and quite another to
answer 'for that insult to a stronger
man.”

  “ Hush, Maurice! ” whispered Elise
in alarm. “ The door is still open. Any
one passing through the corridor might
hear or see you. For my sake be pru-
dent. Remember, it is death if—”

  “If this canaille leaves the room
alive,” replied the man, but in a more
guarded tone, as old De Perier, moved
by sudden caution, shuffled across, and
closed and bolted the door, near which
I still stood. “If he escapes, I have
no doubt he will tell the authorities of
my presence in Paris. But I do not
intend that he shall escape. Both on
your account, Elise, and on my own.
I have much to live for, just at present.”
260

THE ARGOSY.

  But Elise had not heeded the latter
part of his speech. She was advancing
toward me, her hands outstretched, her
eyes big with appeal.

  ‘'Monsieur/' she said brokenly, “we
are in your power. Why should you
persecute us? If you really came here
to-night to spy upon the Comte de
Grieux, 1 implore you to give up your
wicked plan. He has not harmed you.
He has harmed no one. He was pro-
scribed, as you know, and fled to Brus-
sels. At risk of his life, he has crept
back here by stealth. But, . on my
honor, for no evil purpose. No plot
against France. Oh, have mercy on—”

' “ Stop ! ” I broke in.

  This agonized pleading for the man
she loved was more than I could bear.

  “ Stop! ” I repeated. “ Mademoi-
selle, you are humiliating yourself to
no purpose. I—”

  “Oh!” she gasped, shrinking back,
in misunderstanding of my words, and
clasping her white little hands in en-
treaty. “ But, for—”

  “ There has been enough of this,
Elise! ” interposed De Grieux, putting
her behind him, and advancing on me.
“ This is my affair, not yours. I—”

  But I was not minded to add one
more blunder to the long score. I thrust
the count aside, with no great gentle-
ness, and again confronted her.

  " Mademoiselle,’' I exclaimed, “ when
this refugee friend of yours interrupted
me, I was about to say you were pleading
to no purpose—simply because I had no
idea, before I entered this room, that
the Comte de Grieux was here, or even
that he was in existence. After I leave
this room—which, M. le Comte, I shall
do at my own pleasure, and unchecked
by you or any other man—after I leave
this room, no one shall know from me
that M. de Perier is putting his neck in
peril by harboring a proscribed aristo-
crat. Of all this I give you most solemn
assurance, which I beg you to believe.
Whether or not the others choose to be-
lieve me, I care not in the least.”

  “ Oh, thank you! ” she exclaimed in
relief. “ I do believe you, and I—”

  “ But I do not,” croaked old De Pe-
rier. “ This man is a spy. Moreover,
he has influence with the riffraff that
calls jtself the French government.

Otherwise, he could not have obtained
order for Elise’s imprisonment in the
convent. If he is allowed to leave
here—”

  “He shall not be!” returned De
Grieux. “ Rest, assured of that, sir.
As for his being a spy, and the chances
that he may denounce me, I neither know
nor care. But, for his behavior yester-
day toward Elise, his life shall answer.
Stand back from that door! ”

  For I had already returned to it, and
my fingers were on the bolt. I now
turned slowly to face him.

  “ My young friend,” I observed calm-
ly, “ I had the honor, a few minutes ago,
to tell you I should leave this room at
my own will. I have not changed my
mind. Nor does the fact that you have
picked up your sword from that chair
deter me the least. I do not wish to
fight you—for reasons which Mile, de
Perier will understand better than your-
self.”

   “ We will leave Mile, de Perier’s name
out of it, if you please,” he retorted
stiffly. “ The matter lies between you
and me.”

  Yet, from the faint flush on her pale
face, I saw that Elise understood—she
knew I did not wish to fight De Grieux,
because he was the man she loved, and
because I was averse to harming what
she held dear.

  “ You will fare better with my cane
than with your sword, Maurice,” jeered
De Perier. “ A thrashing is more in
the fellow’s line than a duel.”

  This, too, I endured without reply—
again for Elise’s sake. I turned once
more to the doorway.

  “ Well, American,” asked De Grieux,
stepping, sword drawn, between me and
the threshold, “is it true? Will you
fight, or must I kill you, as I would any
other pestilent vermin?”

   “ I have told you,” said I, keeping my-
self in hand with difficulty, “ that I do
not want to fight. Construe my motives
as you will.”

  “ There is but one way to construe a
coward’s motives,” he answered.

  “ Be it so,” I said calmly, though my
brain was ablaze at the unmerited affront.

  “ Though,” he resumed, in sneering
banter, “ in your country, I understand,
cowardice is more a virtue than otherwise.
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

261

The example, if I remember aright, was
set by your worthy leader, General
Washington.”

  I felt myself go white to the very lips.
But I fought back my rage.

  “ Your ignorance of the greatest man
the century has produced,” said I qui-
etly, “ is ample excuse for—”

  “Ignorance?” he mocked, seeing he
had struck the right tack to provoke me.
“Ignorance? No man but an ignorant
Yankee bumpkin would attribute great-
ness to that Virginia farmer who turned
traitor to King George. A traitor and—”

  He got 110 further. My sword was
out.

  “ M. de Perier,” I cried as I sprang to
the attack, “ take your daughter to one
of the inner rooms. Her fiance's death
may not be pleasant to witness.”

  Then we were at it hot and heavy,
sword to sword, up and down the room,
overturning chairs, smashing fragile table
ornaments, kicking rugs into disarray.

  I took the aggressive from the first,
but did not fully let myself out until I
saw, with the corner of my eye, M. de
Perier forcibly draw the trembling Elise
to the farther room and close the door on
her.

  Then I flew at my adversary with all
the fury of a man whose country and
whose country’s idol have been insulted,
with all the deadly fencing skill bred of
long years’ practise under the. cleverest
maitres d’armcs France could boast.

  I had endured insults without num-
ber—a blow itself—in. that room. It
was good to be at last free to revenge
my shameful injuries. And revenge
them I would.

  De Grieux was a strong man, and tall.
He was a good swordsman, too. Yet,
with the mysterious “ fencer’s instinct,”
I felt before we had fought thirty sec-
onds that I was his master.

  I pressed him back, little by little,
forcing him ever to shift his ground,
hurling in thrusts and lunges with all
the speed and accuracy of an arm trained
and strengthened by years of practise.

  Now I parried one of his thrusts, feint-
ed and lunged, eluding his guard and
touching him on the chest.

  It was but a flesh wound I scored, but
I knew I would soon or late be able
to drive home the finishing thrust. And

at sight of the fleck of blood that stained
his shirt-ruffle a cold, relentless rage
took hold of me, as 1 have known it to
do on the battle-field. And I pressed my
advantage the harder.

  Brave man as he was, De Grieux
knew he had met more than his match.
Yet he fought on, despairingly, and with
a fury equal to my own.

  Our crossed blades grated and whined
together, flashing forth long shimmering
rays from the candle-light. We were
beginning to breathe heavily, too.

   De Perier’s set, excited face came once
into my range of vision. He had left
the door of the inner room, and, in his
tense interest, had drawn . nearer and
nearer to us as we fought.

  After a series of thrusts, that De
Grieux guarded with increasing uncer-
tainty, I saw that all was ready for
my final stroke. A bewilderingly swift
feint that would leave his guard open
to my lunge—and then—

  The inner door was thrown open, and
Elise advanced into the room. Her
father saw her, and seized her shoulders
as she would have run between us. But
I had seen her face, in the candle-light.

  And, at the unspeakable look in those
wide luminous eyes of hers, my love
.surged back upon me, killing the death-
hate that had just filled my whole being.

  She loved this man, this man who
fought at my mercy. Were I to slay
him, the thrust that laid him low would
kill her heart as well. And I who loved
her would then be murderer alike of
her lover and her love.

  All at once I felt as if it were she,
not De Grieux, who stood before me,
awaiting death. At the thought, I knew
I could not kill my adversary.

  Yet I made the feint I had planned.
Only, instead of driving my blade to the
hilt through De Grieux’s heart, I made
a light, quick cut that struck from his
.waistcoat the lowest lapel button.

  The button had been directly above
his heart. He noted what I had done,
and he understood that I held his life
in the hollow of my hand, and—was
sparing it.

  As his sword wavered, in momentary
confusion at my inexplicable act of
mercy, I made ,use of another trick I
had long ago learned.
262

THE ARGOSY,

  With a sudden wrench, my blade slid
down his, and jerked it from his hand.
His sword flew across the room, and
struck the far wall.

  Starting back, as I disarmed him, De
Grieux’s foot caught in a crumpled rug,
and he fell heavily to the floor. The
impact of his head on the polished
boards momentarily stunned him, and he
lay motionless.

  But, as though in echo to the sound
of his fall, a second crash sounded from
the other side of the room. The bolted
outer door flew open, with a rending of
rotten wood, and through the gaping
aperture poured uniformed men.

  “ In the name of the Republic of
France! ” roared the foremost.

  A glance told me these were not mere
gendarmes, drawn thither by the sound
of fighting. They wore the National
Guard uniforms, and their leader’s chest
was crossed by the dreaded insignia of
the Committee of Public Safety.

  And then I knew. Word must some-
how have reached the government that
the Comte de Grieux, proscribed aristo-
crat, had ventured back to Paris.

  His whereabouts being known, a
squad of guaidsmen had been sent to
arrest him here in his insecure hiding-
place. Hence the unheralded assault
upon the room, designed in order to
give the prey no time nor chance to
escape.

  Every hotel, every lodging-house had
its government spies in those days. De
Grieux’s love must indeed have been
strong, thought I, to lure him here al-
most to certain capture.

  But the French aristocrats ever lacked
forethought. Had they not, there need
have been no French revolution.

  De Perier and Elise alike understood,
even as had I, the cause of the intru-
sion. The lieutenant in command strode
toward us.

  “Which is the emigre Grieux?” he
asked sternly, looking in doubt from my-
self to the man on the floor, who now
began to stir feebly.

  So! The guillotine was to finish
what I had begun! Well, it was de-
cidedly no affair of mine. I shrugged
my shoulders, and slipped my sword
back into its sheath.

  “Which is Citizen Grieux?” repeated

the lieutenant more- harshly. “ Answer
in the name of the—”

  As ill luck would have it, his eye
fell on Elise this time. The. question
was addressed to her. Like a little child,
afraid, her eyes turned to me in what
I read for the very sublimity of appeal.

  And then I committed my crowning
act of folly.

  “ I am the Comte de Grieux, at your
service, my man,” said I in an offensively
haughty tone. “ What do you wish of
me? ”

  Elise drew' in her breath sharply.
De Perier stared unbelieving. At hear-
ing my admission, the lieutenant had
drawn a paper from his belt.

  “ Citizen Grieux,” he declaimed in a
nasal, singsong. tone, “ in the name of
the French Republic, represented by the
Committee of Public Safety, I arrest
you. Fall in.! ” he ordered his men.

  Two of them stood on either side of
me.

  “ Citizen Grieux,” resumed the lieu-
tenant, in the same singsong, “ you are
charged—”

  “ Did you address me? ” came a dazed,
muddled voice from the floor behind us.

  De Grieux had risen on one elbow.
Still but half-conscious, and uncertain
as to where he was, he had dimly caught
the repetition of his own name, and had
replied to it. I must act quickly.

  “Be still!” I shouted to him in af-
fected contempt, “ or must my sword
teach you another lesson, American? It
is lucky you come in force, lieutenant,”
I went on braggingly, “ or I should serve
you as I served that fellow Braith there,
who dogged me to this room, and sought
to arrest me in the same name of your
upstart republic.

  “ Come,” I added, “ if I am to be
jailed for the crime of being better born
than scum like yourselves, let us be
moving. There is no need to read me
the list of my offenses. I have no wish
that this lady and her father should be
further distressed on my account. I
forced my way in here upon them, hoping
to borrow' money for my needs. But
they are so foolish as to be attached to
that same rag-bag republic of yours, and
they ordered me aw’ay. Come! We
waste time.”

. “ March! ” ordered the lieutenant,
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

263

taking my sword from its scabbard, and
leading the way toward the door.

  I followed close at his heels, my two
guards clanking along on either side
of me.

  “No! No!” screamed Elise, starting
from her daze of horror, and struggling
to fling herself forward past her father’s
detaining arms, “ you must not! Lieu-
tenant, he is—”

  But De Perier’s hand closed over her
mouth, choking back the cry.

  And so I left them.

  ‘' Vive la Guillotine! ” shrilled a be-
lated street urchin, as we passed into
the midnight darkness of the Rue St.
Honor e.

CHAPTER X.

  SHADRACH BEMIS, MIRACLE-WORKER.

  Through the stillness of the almost
empty Paris streets we marched, my cap-
tors and I. The tramp of feet and click-
ing of martial accouterments echoed
from the tall houses lining the roadway.

  We crossed the Boulevard. To my
surprise, we did not turn toward either
the Conciergerie or La Force, the two
foremost prisons, but in a different di-
rection from either.

  “ Where are we going ? ” I asked the

lieutenant.

  “ To jail,” he answered laconically.

  “ Really! ” I ■exclaimed in mock
amazement. “ I fancied, from your
weird, costumes, that we were on our
way to a comic masquerade.”

  Now, if there was one thing a French
National Guardsman adored in those
days, it was his gaudy uniform. Many
a duel was fought with those who criti-
cized the absurd costume. So, as I had
intended, my sneer added tenfold to my
escort’s hitherto impersonal dislike for
myself.

  I was glad of this. The more they
hated me the surer they were not to sus-
pect they had made any error in my ar-
rest. I wished to be taken to the prison
office. To be locked up for the night, if
possible, as the Comte de Grieux.

  This would give the real De Grieux
ample time to escape from Paris and to
take Elise and her father along, if
might be.

  For myself, now that 1' had time to
think matters over, I had little to fear.
I was an American citizen. As such, the
French government would think twice
before beheading me. All I need do
was to make known my plight to the
Hon. Gouverneur Morris, our minister
to France.

  We made our way through an alley or
two, and thence northward. I knew now
where we must be going. For that way
lay the prefecture of police.

  There I was doubtless to be lodged
for the night and undergo my prelim-
inary examination next morning, prior
to commitment to one of the prisons.

  As we came out upon the wider thor-
oughfare again, beyond the Hailes, I
descried a figure crossing the street in
front of us. One glance was enough.
And, despite the lieutenant’s sharp order
for silence,' I called:

  “ Bemis! Shadrach Bemis! ”

  The old trapper, on the way home
from one of his customary nightly ram-
bles, heard and turned toward me, his
lean face screwed up with astonishment
at my odd plight.

  “ Le Grand Sam:age! ” laughed the
lieutenant, recognizing him.

  But Bemis shoved past him, and was
at my side.

  “ How in blazes—” he began.

  I cut him short, and told him briefly
and in English as much of my story as
was needful. This I had to do in de-
cidedly few' words. For the guards, as
quickly as possible, thrust us asunder.

  “ Shall I shoot one of ’em, an’ give
you a chance to cut an’ run?” Shadrach
asked.

  “ No,” I answered. “ I’m going to the
prefecture. Go, first thing in the morn-
ing, to the American embassy. Tell—”

  “ I understand,” he called back, as the
guards broke off my instructions by
hustling me away.

  And I felt I could safely leave my
case in the shrewd old backwoodsman’s
hands. So, with a lighter heart, I ac-
companied my captors to the prefecture.

  There my name and pedigree were de-
manded by a yawning, blear-eyed desk
official. Feigning sullenness, I refused
to answer.

  The official, eager to get back to lied,
gruffly consigned me to a cell for the
264

THE ARGOSY.

night. Thither I was conducted. As
soon as the iron door clanged shut be-
hind me, 1 threw myself on the narrow
board cot. and in a moment was deep in
the heavy slumber of physical and men-
tal fatigue.

  It was not yet sunrise when a gen-
darme opened my cell door, roused me,
and ordered me into the outer office.
The same sleepy fellow was at the desk.
Beside him lolled Shadrach, a court in-
terpreter at his elbow.

  “That’s him!” observed Bemis, as I
was led forth. “ Well, young feller,”
he continued, addressing me with a cant-
ing air of disapproval, “ a nice mess
you’ve got us all into, ain’t ye? What
your pore old father’ll say, I don’t know.
I’ve told them ’ere gentlemen you can’t
speak a word of French. So they’ve got
an interp’ter to do the talkin’, if any’s
needed.”

  I was at sea to explain this cryptic
speech. All I could gather from it was
that I was supposed to know no French.
But why, I could not imagine.

  “ This p’lice officer,” went on Bemis,
“ is goin’ to give you one more chance.
But I’ve told him if any of his men
ketches you on another spree, they’re to
lock you up fer a month. Come on
home now.”

  The grinning interpreter kept up a
running translation, under his breath, for
the official’s amusement. Bemis affixed
a sprawling signature to two papers,
slipped a louis into the interpreter’s
hand, caught me roughly by the coat,
and led me out through the vaulted arch-
way into the street.

  There he linked his arm in mine and
set off at a tremendous pace.

  “What—what does it all mean?” I
demanded in amaze.

  “It means your plumb foolishness
came near gettin’ you into all sorts of
trouble,” he replied, never checking his
gait. “ Lord, son, what a night you’ve
give me! We’re goin’ pretty fast now,
but it’s the slowest I’ve moved since you
an’ me parted last evenin’.”

  “Where have you been? What—”
“Where ain’t I been? Fust to the
hotel, where I makes bold to drop in fer
advice on your Perier friends. My!
What a state they was in! But Miss
Elise manages to tell me all about it.

All about your crazy actin’! Son, that
business was the wildest, unreasonablest,
worst thing I ever heard on. Ail’—an’
I’d like to shake your silly hand!”
Which he did with muscular fervor;
then resumed:

  “ T’other feller had decamped by the
time I got there. He got away with a
whole skin, thanks to you. Then I went
to the United States Embassy. Minister
Morris was just home from a ball, an’ I
guess he was pretty tired, for it was past
midnight. But he saw me.”

  “ I told you not to go there till this
morning,” I interrupted.

  “ So you did. So you did. But I’m
bad at obeyin’ orders. Besides, I had a
kind of sneakin’ notion that this was a
case where a little hurry wouldn’t do no
great harm to any one. ’Cept, maybe, to
the count feller.”

  “ It was on his account I wanted you
to wait till this morning, so he might
have time to escape.”

  “ Yes. Wa’al, mournin’ clo’es is
pretty dear. But we needn’t ’a’ wore
any on his account. So off I goes to
Gouverneur Morris, like I told you.”

  “ And he arranged my release, of
course. I must call to-day and thank
him. But why did you make such a
queer scene just now at the—”

  “ Son, you make more mistakes in
fewer words than any man I ever met,”
answered Bemis. “ For one thing,
Morris didn’t arrange your release. For
another, you’d better not call on him
to-day. An—”

  “Didn’t arrange my release?” said I
in astonishment. “ Then how in—”

  “ It was old Shadrach Bemis what
got you off,” he announced, with a lu-
dicrous self-complacency.

  “ Look here! ” I cried, angered by
his conceited air. “ I was arrested last
night as the Comte de Grieux, a pro-
scribed aristocrat. That is a case for
Fouquier-Tinville, and then the guillo-
tine. Even Morris’s influence would be
strained, to prove me. an American and
not an emigre—and to induce the French
government to take a lenient view of
my share in De Grieux’s escape. So
why do you claim you set me free?”

  “ I don’t know why I said it, son,”
he answered ruefully, “ unless, maybe,
because ’twas so.”
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

265

  I saw at last that there was something
more than mere boasting in his words.
The trapper was in earnest.

  “Tell me about it,” I suggested, still
in doubt.

  “ I went to Morris,” he began, nothing
loath, “ an’ I told him the story. When
I got to your name, up he flies in a
temper. Says he’s sick o’ the very name
of ‘ Braith.’ Says you’re a scoundrel,
sneakin’ under an American name an’
cit’z’nship, an’ not entitled to either. He
won’t git Uncle Sam’s fingers burnt in
no more of your scrapes, he says, an’
th’ law can take its course. Then—”
“What?” I gasped. “ Gouverneur
Morris said this of—me?”

  “ That, an’ a lot more jest as flatterin’;
an’ winds up by stampin’ out of the
room, an’ sayin’ he’ll hear nothin’ more.”
“ But I don’t understand. I never
met Minister Morris, and none of my
affairs have yet come before him for
adjustment. What can he mean by—”

  “ Let’s git to that later. I’ve got an
idee of my own. Will I go on with
this story, or won’t I ? ”

  “ Go ahead,” I said confusedly, my
brain sick with bewilderment. “ What
next? ”

  “ Out he stamps, leavin’ me alone in
his place. I was just goin’ to foller,
when I thinks maybe I’ll have better
luck with some of his sec’taries. So I
hangs around, waitin’ for one of ’em
to happen in on the way to bed. Just
to amoose myself, I looks over some of
the papers layin’ around loose on the
study table. Dretful untidy chap, that
Morris man is.”

  “You mean you read his private pa-
pers? ”

  “ I don’t know how private they was.
Most of ’em was in French, an’ didn’t
mean much to me. But I found one,
with an English translation pinned onto
it. I read that one. It was kind of
int’restin’ ”

  “ And you read a personal document
of—”

  “ I sure did. An’ you’d better be
thankful, instead of so stiff about it.
’Cause, if I hadn’t read it, you’d still
be coolin’ them gilded heels of your’n
in jail.”

  “Was it about me, then?”

  “ Not till I made it so. It was a

letter from an American, whose son had
got into some kind of trouble over here.
The feller was in jail, on charge of in-
sultin’ the gov’ment. His father’s a'
Senator, an’ he’d got Gin’r’l Washing-
ton to endorse his letter, askin’ Morris
to get the lad off, an’ sent it to Morris.
An’ Morris got a order of release from
th’ C’mittee of Public Safety, an’—
Say, son,” he interpolated, “ these
Frenchies sure don’t know a joke w'hen
they see one. If they did, they’d a died
a laughin’ every time they heard that
measly c’mittee called ‘ Safety.’ It’s
about as ‘ safe ’ as an angry rattler.
I’d sooner—”

  “ But—”

  “ Oh, the story? I forgot. Waal,
the documents was all pinned together,
translations an’ all, an’ tacked to that
one long sheet of paper. The order of
release was dated yesterday. An’ it was
made out in blank. Out o’ compliment
to Morris, I ’spose. I reckon it had
come that evenin’, while Morris was out,
an’ he hadn’t had chance yet to—”

  “ .So you—”

  “ I just unpinned the order from the
rest, for fear it might fall into some dis-
honest feller’s hands. It was foolish
for Morris to leave it layin’ about so
careless. For all he knew, it might ’a’
been used to git some other pore pris-
’ner out o’ jail. To make sartin it
shouldn’t be misused that way, I jest
put temptation out of anybody else’s
reach by fillin’ in yojur name.”

  “ Good old Bemis! Good old boy! ”
I cried. But—”

  “ Or, leastways, ’twasn’t your name,
but this mister Dee Groo’s.”

  “ De Grieux’s?”

  “ That’s the one. I’d made Miss
Elise spell it out fer me; an’ I wrote
it straight. Then, seein’ I wasn’t wanted
at Morris’s, an’ jest nacherally hatin’ to
be a unwelcome guest, I leaves the em-
bassy. an’—”

  “ And came to the prefecture with
the order?”

  “ Not me. I hunted round till I
found a jonny-darm that could speak
some English, an’ I found from him
w'here the court interp’ter lived, an’ I
routed him out of bed and brought him
along. Told him ’bout how I was your
old uncle, sent over from the States to
266

THE ARGOSY.

bring you back. Said you was a drinkin’,
dissoloot youngster, an’ that you’d got
inter trouble before, an’ I was goin’ to
take you straight home. An’ I gave the
interp’ter a bit of gold every few min-
utes, to pay him for his bother in gettin’
up so early. By the time we got to the
jail, he loved me like a white-haired
twin brother.”

  “ Oh, you clever old fraud! ” I ex-
claimed. “ I’ll never—”

  “ Oh, yes, you will. Next time you
git mad at me. But never mind all
that. The interp’ter sailed into that
feller in charge of the desk in a way to
satisfy the most fastijis. T’other feller
wasn’t fairly awake; an’ all he could see
clear was a couple of gold looeys I
passed him. He had you turned out of
your cage, an’—an’ here we are! If
we’d ’a’ waited till later, there’d ’a’ been
a whole lot of nosey jacks-in-office in
charge there, an’ we mightn’t ’a’ got off
so easy.”

  “ But De Grieux is a French name,”
I objected. “ Why, didn’t they know an
American wouldn’t have such a—”

  “ What does any of these furreners
know about our country? The interp’ter
ach’lly asked me was it true we hunted
buff’lo in Noo York. What’d they know
of America or American names? No
more than a Yankee p’liceman would
know of French.”

  “ Shad,” I said, in amaze at it all,
“ do you know you’ve committed theft
from our own embassy? That you’ve
cheated the French government? That
you—”

   “ That you’re walkin’ free, instead of
takin’ a-course of guill’tine shavin’?” he
supplemented. “ That last is all I care
about. We’ll jest put the rest down to
the charge account. But I’m kind o’
sorry I had to fool that interp’ter. He
was a nice fe^er. Seemed real int’rested
in how I came to lose my scalp. An’—”
“ So you told him the scalp story,
too?” I queried. “What version, this
time? ”

  “ The true one,” he snapped. “ Same
as I tell every one. Same as I told
Minister Morris last night. I—”

  “ Did you tell Gouverneur Morris
about—”

  “ I—well—that is, T kind of pleaded
witli him when he wouldn’t help me.

I p’inted to my head, where a British
shell had took off a part of the scalp,
an’ begged him, in mem’ry of my patri-
otic wound, to — now, what are you
laughing at?” he ended peevishly.

  “ Shad,” I groaned in despair, “ that’s
the twelfth utterly different version of
your last s'calp that I’ve—hallo,” I
broke off, “what’s all this?”

  We had turned into the square, where
stood the Abbaye prison, and were about
half-way across the open space. From
a street to. the right, burst into the square
a screaming, cursing mob of men,
women, and children. They were fight-
ing, tooth and nail, to break through a
tight cordon of National Guardsmen,
and to attack some one who walked in
the center of the clump of soldiers.

  A i second glance—even at that dis-
tance — showed me the prisoner they
were striving to murder was a woman—
a young girl.

CHAPTER XI.

A RED INTERLUDE.

  For a moment my heart stood still.
To me, the sight of a girl in the hands
of the French law meant but one thing
■—Elise Perier. And, illogical in my
dread, I ran forward toward the on-
coming throng.

  A statue of “ Equality ” stood in the
center of the square. For better view,
I jumped up on its high pedestal; Shad-
rach scrambled up beside me.

  “What ails you, son?” he queried,
eying the advancing crowd.

  But I had caught a glimpse of the
captive’s face; and, at sight of it, I
heaved a great sigh of relief. It was
not Elise. It was no one I had ever
before seen; yet, my first reaction over,
there was something in her look that
held my gaze, and that seemed to draw
the heart out of me.

  It was not that the girl was beautiful,
or even because she was in peril of in-
stant death. Her face was not lovely.
Not really pretty. But one to compel
attention.

  She was short — little more than a
child in statue—but with a rather broad,
powerful figure. Her long brown hair
had come undone, and poured in heavy
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

267

masses over her shoulders, framing a
dead-white face, whose huge gray eyes
glowed with an unearthly light that
seemed to illumine her whole counte-
nance.

  She was plainly clad. Not as a serv-
ant, but as perhaps a small shop-keeper’s
daughter might be dressed. Her step
had the grace, and her bearing the glad
fearlessness of a pagan priestess.

  Four deep around her marched the
guard, while other soldiers, with bayonet
and musket-butts, sought to batter back
the surging throng. But the mob threw
itself madly on the opposing weapons,
shrieking, cursing, mouthing horrible
threats, shaking fists and clubs at the
barely protected maiden, who, as though
unconscious of their presence, strode on
amid her encircling captors.

  The crowd was made up of the scum
of Paris. Frowzy-haired fishwives, pur-
ple of face and streaming-haired; raga-
muffins that looked as if they had been
hurled from some filthy underworld by
an upheaval of Mother Earth. These,
and a score of other types of the day,
bred of the hideously satiric slogan
“Liberty! Equality! Fraternity!”

  There was nothing new in the rabble
to hold my attention. But I marveled
none the less at their presence. A single
prisoner, or even a group of such, haled
to the nearest jail, was no novelty in
those days. Scarce enough so to evoke a
stray glance, a handful of mud, or the
cry “ /l l>(is les Aristocrats!"

  Yet here were close upon a thousand
riffraff, not only accompanying a pris-
oner’s trip to the cells, but trying to tear
her to pieces on the way thither.

  What did it mean? A larger, more
rabid assemblage could scarce have gath-
ered to escort Queen Marie Antoinette
herself to the guillotine.

  The soldiers, on their route to L’Ab-
baye, passed close by the base of the
“ Equality ” statue, on whose tall pedes-
tal Shadrach and I were standing. The
pressure of the throng, eddying about
the base, caused, by sheer weight of
numbers, a momentary halt in the pro-
cession’s march.

  In that brief rest, before the outlying
guards could beat a passage for their
fellows through the press, the girl
seemed to become aware, for the first

time, of the mob’s presence. Lifting her
head proudly, she faced that yelling,
seething crowd, and, in a voice like a
silver trumpet’s, cried aloud:

  “My friends! My brothers! What
I have done was done for the Father-
land ! For France ! I—”

  She got no further. A mingled howl
and roar from the rabble drowned her
clarion shout. At the same instant the
guards clove a way through the press,
and the ghastly procession took up its
march again at faster pace.

  A crippled beggar, who had been left
behind in the increased rate of speed,
paused for breath at the statue base. I
leaned over and accosted him.

  “ Citizen,” I asked, tossing him a
franc, “who is the prisoner? And what
has she done? ”

  “ I don’t know,” he answered impa-
tiently over his shoulder, as he hobbled
off, yelling “ Down with her! ”

  But my gift of a coin had excited
the cupidity of one of the street gamin
who hung to the outskirts of the mob.
Noticing my action, he dashed back to
where we stood, and held his cap up-
ward for a similar offering.

  “ I know what it’s all about! ” he
squawked in pride. “ For a franc I’ll
tell you.”

  I held the silver piece in my hand
above his head, but did not drop it into
his waiting, ragged cap.

  “ Speak first,” I ordered.

  “ Citizen Marat,” he announced, fair-
ly bursting with the joy of being first
to tell any one the great news. “ Citizen
Marat—the liberator, the friend of the
people, the—”

  “What of him?” I inquired, shud-
dering inwardly at mention of the fa-
natic demagogue’s name. “ What of
him ? ”

  “ He is dead! Murdered in his bath.
She,” jerking his thumb toward the van-
ishing procession, “ she killed him. Her
name is Cordav, curse her! Charlotte
Corday!”

CHAPTER XII.

shadrach’s ideas.

  The fanatic, glorified face of Char-
lotte Corday still fresh in my memory,
268

THE ARGOSY.

I continued 011 my way, with Bemis,
back toward our hotel. I wanted to
make one more appeal to De Perier to
take his daughter out from this accursed
city, ere he and she should become hope-
lessly enmeshed in the ever-spreading
terror-web.

  Also, I was human enough to long
for an interview with Elise, in the light
of the previous evening’s happenings.
1 knew she had noted to the full my
quixotic service to her betrothed, and
that such service must go far toward
wiping from her thought the former ill
opinion of me that had been forced
upon them.

  My act had not been that of a spy
or a kidnaper. Even prejudiced old
De Perier must recognize that.

  Though she was lost to me, and about
to wed another man, it none the less
gave me a little, miserable thrill of joy
to feel 1 had softened her contempt of
me. All I now asked was to guard and
serve her.

  If she was to be the wife of another,
and if my own future life was to be but
a grave of love’s memories, I was none
the less minded to help her to what
happiness and refugee existence could
offer.

  If my unselfishness could not force
me to include De Grieux in my kinder
feelings, who could blame me? I had
acquired a very lively and natural dis-
like for the graceful, brave young noble.
What unsuccessful lover would not?

  Shadrach Bemis, as we walked along,
broke in on my reverie, bringing me vio-
lently back to the present.

  “ Son,” he observed, “ from that
mooney look of your’n, I take it you’re
thinkin’ of Miss Elise. An’ nice and
nat’ral it is for you, too. Only this
ain’t the time for sech sugary dreams.
You got suthin’ livelier to rastle with
jest now.”

  “What, for instance?” I asked,
humoring him.

  “ Oh, but it must be grand to be a
youngster!” he retorted. “To be ram-
blin’ along on the edge of a canon, half
an inch from the prec’pice, an’ yet be
able to think of nothin’ but a pretty
gal! ” *

  “ You think I’m in danger?”

  “ I don’t think nothin’ about it,” he

said grimly, “ I know it. While you’ve
been mixin’ up in love business, I’ve
been doin’ some figurin’ in my mind.
An’ I’ve come to two or three kinds o’
queer conclusions. Want to hear ’em?
Don’t trouble to, unless—”

  “ Go ahead! ” I replied.. “ What are
they? ”

  “ Fust . of all,” he began slowly,
“ there’s some one in Paris who ain’t a
double of yours, nor a twin brother, nor
any of them story-book things, but who
looks enough like you to cause a whole
lot of—”

  “ I’ve gathered that much already,”
I interposed, “ and—”

  “ An’ have you figgered it out any
further? ” \

  “No,” I admitted, “I have not.
Have—”

  “ Wa’al, / have. You don’t know
anything about him, more’n that he’s
most likely one of the he-coons of this
rev’lootion outfit, an’ that some folks—
Robbyspeer an’ his gang—thinks pretty
high of him; an’, thanks to that, he
stands solid while .the Robbyspeer bunch
is on top. Likewise, that there’s a whole
passel of other folks as’d look on it as
a reel Sunday-school treat to be able to
snuff him out. That’s all you know
about this ’ere feller who’s been gitten
you in such a mess of scrapes lately.
Now—”

  “ Yes,” I agreed, “ that’s all I know
of him. And most of that is "conjec-
ture. But—”

  “ But he knows a whole lot more
about you, son.”

 “About me? Absurd! Why he
probably doesn’t even know I exist.
He—”

  “ Don’t know you exist, eh? I s’pose
that accounts fer his usin’ your name
so free an’ promiskus?”

  “ Good Lord, man! I never con-
nected—”

  “Of course you didn’t. You was
spendin’ your val’ble time sighin’ about
a girl, an’ trying to rime ‘ love ’ with
‘ dove.’ An’ yet, when you’re sane,
you’re a real clever chap. Honest, I
wonder at your thickness these days.
Wake up, '-man, if you don’t want ol’
Missus Guill’tine to put you to sleep
for good. Want to hear more of my
idees? ”
THE CRIMSON HARVEST.

269

  “ Yes,” I said, all attention now, “ I
do.”

  “ This myster’ous feller,” pursued
Shadrach, “ maybe hasn’t seen you. He
mayn’t even know you’re in France.
An’ he’s passin’ himself off as you. He
got Robbyspeer an’ the public pros’-
cutor to let him put Miss Elise into that
convent place, an’ sign your name to the
commitment. Now, the prosecutor chap
might be bribed to do that; but Robbys-
peer’s said to be so straight he bends
backward. That’s what I can’t make
out. How’d he get such a hold over
Robbyspeer, an’ by usin’ your name?
If he’s a rev’lootionist boss, Robbyspeer
must know all about him, an’ must know
his real name ain’t Braith an’ that he
ain’t an American. Yet he seems—”

  “ Whoever he is,” I put in, remember-
ing the scene at Montmartre, “ he is
known as ‘Jack Braith, American,’
And, from the way people add the
‘ American,’ it looks as if they don’t be-
lieve it, or that they are just quoting
his own words about himself. How
could he have got hold of my name?
And for what reason? We’ve only been
here a few weeks. He must have as-
sumed the name before then. So it can’t
be that my arrival in Paris has—”

  “Jest what I said,” chimed in Shad-
rach. “ I doubt if he even knows you’re
in France. You’ve been livin’ pretty
quiet, up to yesterday, an’—”

  “ But if he doesn’t know I’m here—”
“ If he doesn’t, he’s sure to find it
out mighty soon. Some of these spies
that happens to know him are sure to
mention there’s another ‘Jack Braith,
American,’ stayin’ in town. An’ when
he finds that out—”

  “ Then we can meet, and I—”

  “.Oh, son! ” scoffed Bemis, “ you’re
plumb foolish. D’ye s’pose he’s stole
your name an’ nationality jest for a
measly joke? Not he. I don’t know
what his reasons is, but you can gamble
they’re good, useful ones. So it looks
plain to me he won’t be over happy at
learnin’ that the real Jack Braith turned
up in Paris. Two Jack Braiths is one
too many. An’ it ain’t much of a stretch
to figger out that he’s likely to fix up
a little guill’tine party for your ben’fit,
as soon as he finds you. ATotv do you
see you’re in danger here?”

  “ No,” I returned, “ not in the least.
These crazy revolutionists can cut off
each other’s heads to their heart’s con-
tent, but when it comes to laying
hands 011 an American citizen, our min-
ister will have something to say. And
when Uncle Sam orders ‘ Hands off! ’
people have a way of obeying him.”

  “ H’m! ” grunted Shadrach. “ All
you say ’bout Uncle Sam is true, son.
But when it comes to your own case,
that’s a horse of another color. Didn’t
Minister Morris git madder’n a wet hen
the very minute I says your name? I
couldn’t count on findin’ one of them
blank release orders every time I hap-
pen to drop in on him. Next time it
might—”

  “ That’s true! ” I had to confess.
“ This man who’s stolen my name seems
to have used it and my nationality once
too often, as far as Gouverneur Morris
is concerned. I’m afraid I could look
for little help, after all, from our em-
bassy.”

  “ He’s imposed on Morris, somehow,”
went on Shadrach, “ an’ Morris has
found out he ain’t American. So, if
it came to your usin’ that same Jersey
name to git you out of jail, you’d be
li’ble to stay behind bars all your life,
before the minister’d help you. No,
son. You see whar you stand. You’re
jest a coquettin’ with the guill’tine, by
bangin’ on here in Paris. Let this fel-
ler git on your trail—which he’s bound
to before long—an’ you’re a dead man.”

  “ Upon my soul,” I laughed uncom-
fortably, “ you’re a cheery companion! ”

  “ I ain’t extra strong on refined hu-
mor,” retorted Bemis, “ but I’m talkin’
good horse-sense, an’ you know it. I’ll
tell you suthin’ else, that any one but a
lover would ’a’ seen before now. This
other feller has reasons for wantin’ to
git Miss Elise comf’tably out of the
way. So he put her in the convent.
What them reasons of his are I don’t
know, not bein’ a prophet nor a mind-
reader. But they must ’a’ been pretty
strong ones to make him risk the
chance of gettin’ nabbed for misusin’
state dockyments fer pers’nal grudges.
An’—”

  “ But, tell me, what harm has Mile,
de Perier—? ”

  “ Besides.” he went 011, unheeding,
270

THE ARGOSY.

“ it’s dollars to doughnuts that it was
him who sicked the National Guards
onto that De Groo count last night.
Must have spies at the hotel. When
them spies tell him Miss Elise got away
from the convent, he’ll start another
game to get her locked up, if he ain’t
done it already. There, son! Don’t
look so sick. Pull yourself together
and face it like a man.”

  1 had quickened my pace almost to a
run in my haste to reach the hotel. But
the backwoodsman’s long, easy stride
readily kept up with me.

  “ He’ll most likely ask questions at
the convent, too,” continued Shadrach.
“ Then I’d like to see his face when the
abbess tells him it was Jack Braith that
let Miss Elise out. That’ll give him
the tip you’re in Paris, if he ain’t al-
ready got it from somewhere else. You
got scand’lous little time to waste, Jack.”
“ What do you advise, then? ”

  “ Git your traps together, an’ light
out o’ Paris before night.”

  “ And leave Elise here to—”

  “ You. can’t help her any by stayin’.
Make her come away, too. If she won’t,
then kidnap her, if you like. I’ll help
you. Carry her and the old man acrost

the frontier. I’ll think up some way to
arrange it.”

  1 made no reply. We had turned
into the Rue St. Honore, and I broke
into a run. Into the hotel I dashed, and
up-stairs to De Perier’s suite.

  The door swung wide. Within, a
man was moving. I entered without
ceremony. It was no time for etiquette
observances.

  I came upon Gelat, the proprietor,
taking inventory of some personal effects
that lay scattered about.

  “ Where is—” I began.

  He cut me short with a grunt of
anger.

  “ Gone! ” he snapped. “ He and the
citizeness, his daughter. An hour ago.
A pretty name this sort of thing will
give my poor hotel with the government!
To think that—”

  “Gone?” I repeated. “ They have
left Paris?”

  “ They will leave Paris by way of
heaven,” he grinned. “ They were ar-
rested—both of them—by a squad of
National Guardsmen. For the crime of
‘ harboring and aiding a proscribed
aristocrat.’ The guillotine deals quickly
with such cases.”

                              (To be continued.)

H er Ideal in the Gray Overcoat.

                     By R. K. THOMPSON.

         The man she saw in the street-car, regretted she should never see again,
         only to have him turn up in the guise of a thoroughly unwelcome visitor.

“'T'HERE,” I decided, stealing a sec-
A ond glance across the street-car,
“ sits my ideal man! ”

  The Adonis in the liglit-gray over-
coat looked in my direction, and I hastily
lifted my eyes to the advertisement of a
breakfast-food farther down the car.

  Riding up-town to the studio-apart-
ment I shared with Grace Marshall, an
old school-chum, my idle gaze out of the
opposite window had suddenly been ob-
scured by the broad shoulders and hand-
some head of the man who dropped into
the vacant seat across the aisle.

  Unconcernedly, I swept another glance
at him. From the crown of his becom-

ing derby to the tips of his shapely shoes
—taking in his clean-cut face, athletic
build and well-formed, perfectly.-gloved
hands—he was the capitalized Real
Thing in twentieth-century Prince
Charmings. Aware of my eyes upon him,
he glanced at me again—to discover my
gaze riveted on a section of atmosphere
eight inches above his head. When I
felt him look away I took another peep
at him out of the corner of my eye.

  Why was it, I wondered a bit petulant-
ly, that conventionality made it so hard
to meet people you didn’t know, but
liked on sight?

  Here was an utter stranger, a man
HER IDEAL IN THE GRAY OVERCOAT.

271

whose looks I admired, who would al-
ways be utterly a stranger to me because
convention labeled him, “ not properly
introduced.”

  I liked the way he sat, the way he
held his head, the way he had looked at
me twice, without staring. Yet he was
simply a figure glimpsed in the passing
show about me; I should never see him
again after I left the car at the next
corner.

  Which, of course, didn’t matter, for I
am not “ wooshy,” as Grace defines the
sentimental woman’s state of being. I
would continue to exist quite happily
despite the fact that I never knew the
handsome stranger.

  Only—I did wish we could have met;
I wanted to find out if he were really as
nice to talk to as he was nice to look at.

  As I signaled the conductor to stop at
the next crossing, snuggling closer the
portfolio of sketches I carried under my
arm, I shouldn’t again have noticed the
man as I rose—if he hadn’t walked down
the aisle before me, and descended from
the car at the same corner.

  By a coincidence he was getting off at
my street. I watched him reach the side-
walk ahead of me, from whence he might
depart in any one of three directions—
up or down the avenue, or along the
street down which I was to go.

  Unhesitatingly, he . took the latter
course. Following, I momentarily ex-
pected him to disappear into some one
of the shops or office-buildings along the
way. But he kept right straight ahead,
his more vigorous pace separating us by
fully a quarter of a block, jet his grace-
ful figure still plainly in view.

  I had just asked myself where he was
going, for the fifth time in two minutes,
when I started forward with an excla-
mation of surprise.

  The man had turned into the entrance
of the very building for which I was
headed. I saw his familiar gray over-
coat vanish into the hallway of the tall,
sandstone-fronted edifice where Grace
and I had our top-floor abode.

  There was nothing unusual in the fact
that he had gone in there; the building
held a score of studios and apartments,
at any one of which he might be calling.
Yet the coincidence of his leaving the
car at the same time I did struck me as

a little odd, since his final destination was
the same as mine. 1 hurried after him.

  As I entered the hall the clang of a
closing elevator-door greeted my ears.
I was too late for more than a fleeting
sight of well-known gray, glimpsed
through the grille-work of the cage which
rose with him out of my sight.

  He was gone. As I waited for the
second of the two elevators our building
boasts, I told myself that I had seen the
last of Mr. Gray Overcoat—and I only
sighed once.

  Stepping out at my. floor, I searched
for my keys, which so persistently eluded
me in some crevice of my bag that my
eyes and hands were busily hunting
them as I turned down the hall.

  Then, the little bunch lightly jingling
in my hand, I lifted my eyes and looked
toward my workshop-home. And the
sight that there met my astonished gaze
brought me up sharply with a gasp of
amazement.

  The man who had preceded me from
the street-car, up the street, and into this
very building, 7cm now entering the door
of my apartments!

  There was 110 doubt about it. Before
my very eyes his unmistakable figure
stepped across the threshold. I saw and
heard the door close after his easily
recognizable gray overcoat.

  I felt the strength running like the
fairy-tale gunpowder out at my knees,
as the horrifying thought flashed like a
white-light of truth into my brain. He
was a burglar.

  My portfolio, and with it my bag,
slipped, unheeded, to the floor after the
keys, which dropped from my nerveless
fingers. I leaned weakly against the wall,
my trembling limbs jarring into being a
million goose-pimples of fright on my
body.

  The rooms that Grace and I occupied
were at the mercy of the man I had
seen entering our apartments as coolly
and calmly as though they were his own.
to plunder as he would. My chum had
gone out that morning to visit a dozen
music-pupils. I did not expect her back
until long after I had returned from the
office of the art editor of a down-town
magazine, upon whom I had called that
afternoon.

  What was T to do? How was this
272

THE ARGOSY.

daylight marauder, who might even now
he uninterruptedly taking possession of
our silverware, to be removed? Should
1 send for the janitor, or summon one
of the elevator-boys by a touch on the
bell near at hand, and call a policeman
to take him in charge.

  And how had he opened the door, by
the way? I had arrived on the scene too
late to discover by what means he had
effected an entrance; he was just going
into the studio when I looked up after
stepping out of the elevator.

  Curiosity, at length, overcame my
tmidity, and I stole with silent caution
along the hall to the door of our apart-
ments. Examination proved that it had
not been “jimmied;” the man had
probably used a skeleton-key, or else he
had delicately picked the lock.

  He was evidently a hardened expert
at the business, I thought, for only long
experience could have taught him to open
a door as neatly as this one had been un-
locked. It seemed a pity, too, that such
a handsome fellow—a man whose face
appeared to hold so much honesty of
purpose and strength of character—could
stoop to the occupation of a common
llat-robber.

  If I had not actually seen him enter
that door I never would have believed
it possible that he had done it. I blushed
to recall my thoughts of him of five
minutes before—a man I had branded
on sight as my ideal was a burglar!

  But I had no time to waste in vain
regret over the discovered clay feet of
yet another shattered idol. Every mo-
ment I passed in inaction meant a length-
ened opportunity for the man inside to
rob our home.

  As I stood outside the door, the
thought of the robber within rifling our
household goods roused in me the in-
stinct latent in every one to fight for
his or her home when that cherished pos-
session is menaced. Anger against the
man who had dared to enter our rooms
thrilled me. I was no longer afraid. I
would enter the studio and myself re-
move its overbold occupant.

  I put out my hand, the strength of
my purpose stilling the cowardly trem-
bling of my limbs, and softly turned the
handle. The door was locked, the spring-
catch had fastened in its closing—and I

dropped my fingers from the knob with
a little sigh of relief. It was all very
well for a righteous indignation at the
desecration of my home to fill me with
a desire to drive out the invader. But to
enter alone an apartment in which a
strong, healthy man was somewhere lurk-
ing—that required a trifle more daring
than I felt was at present mine.

  I was about to turn away and summon
outside assistance in evicting the intruder,
when a sound from the rooms within
halted me. The sound was a crashing
chord struck on our piano, and it recalled
my waning courage like the trumpeting
of a battle-horn.

  Of all the nerve! I thought, as I took
a quifk step nearer the door. It wasn’t
enough, I told myself as I noiselessly in-
serted my key in the lock and turned the
handle, that the man had broken into
our flat, but he must play our piano, as
though to show how lightly he held the
consequences of his ruthess act.

  I would show him, I thought angrily,
as I softly opened the door and stepped
into the private hall of our apartment. I
would tell him what I thought of his
cheek, his effrontery, his impertinence,
his unqualified gall. And then I would
turn him out of the studio into the hands
of the police.

  I stood outside the closed door of our
parlor, listening to the song the musical
burglar sang as he played a rag-time ac-
companiment, to which the sudden chord
he had struck was evidently an introduc-
tion. He played well, I noticed, and his
voice was fairly musical.

  “ All I get here is much obli-i-iged to
you ! ” he sang spiritedly.

  “ You’ll get. six months in jail, my
friend, for coming in here! ” I promised
him viciously under my breath, as I
waited outside the door, trying to nerve
myself to enter the room and confront
him.

  The song ended. I listened in vain for
a break in the silence that followed.

  Then the thought suddenly struck me
that he was packing up our valuables,
stealthily robbing the parlor of its orna-
ments. Again the fierce rebellion against
the despoiling of my home stirred me to
action. I lost my fear, threw open the
door determinedly, and stepped across
the threshold.
HER IDEAL IN THE GRAY OVERCOAT.

273

  The man in the gray overcoat was
leaning over the front of the piano,
studying on its top a photograph in a
silver frame. As I paused in the door-
way, he turned and looked at me; the
picture—one of my own I had‘given to
Grace—dropped clatteringly to the floor.

  In silence he stared at me over the
ruin of broken glass and twisted metal.

  Full as were my eyes of contempt for
the creature, there was still room in them
to see, as I looked steadily at him, that
he was vastly handsomer with his hat off.
His hair waved back from a splendid
brow,-behind which, I thought, with a
curling lip, was a brain only capable of
earning a living for its body by house-
breaking.

  “ I’m afraid I’ve spoiled this picture-
frame,” he remarked, not taking his eyes
from my face, but indicating the wreck
on the floor by a slight motion of- his
head. He smiled attractively. “ I’m
sorry for my clumsiness,” he added, “ but
your unexpected appearance startled me.”
My appearance had startled him!
There was no cringing away from my
accusing gaze; neither was any attempt
made to intimidate me by threatened
violence.

  This burglar was probably of the new
school, the gentleman-cracksman type.
Evidently he was going to bluff it out
until a means of escape from his pre-
dicament offered itself.

  Very well, I thought, if that was his
game I, too, would take a hand in it. I
felt no fear of him.

  “ It is of no consequence,” I answered
coldly. “ The picture has no value.”

  “ I beg your pardon,” he said quickfy,
his eyes still steadfastly on me. “ It is
a photograph of you? Then it is de-
cidedly not valueless.”

  My face burned at his look and words;
I could not doubt their meaning, and his
insolence angered me.

  “Perhaps you refer to the frame?”
I replied evenly. “ The silver is possibly
worth something to you.”

  His eyes widened, and, in turn, he
had the grace to blush. Stooping, he
carefully picked up the bits of bent
frame and broken glass from the floor.

  “ You must have fallen on lean days
in your business,” I remarked spitefully,
as I watched his bowed back and lowered

head, “ since you need bother to gather
up such a trifling amount of silver.”

  He rose to his feet and laid the wreck-
age on top of the piano. As he dusted his
hands he looked keenly at my face, while
a slow smile curved his lips.

  “Come!” he said cheerily. “You
aren’t going to cherish any ill-feeling
against me because, in effigy, I ‘ threw
you over ’ are you? I dropped your pho-
tograph quite by accident, I assure you! ”
“ I am more surprised at your clum-
siness than anything else,” I retorted,
thinking of the neat manner in which he
had forced open the studio door. “ I
should have thought you far too clever
for such carelessness.”

  He was stung by the sarcasm in my
voice, for 1 could see the muscles of his
jaw tighten as he clenched his teeth
firmly at my words. He turned and
walked across the room.

  “ Since you find you cannot pardon
my unintentional carelessness,” he said,
arriving at the mantelpiece, “ I presume
I had better go.”

  He reached up for the heavy onyx-
and-gold clock over the fireplace, and
brought it down / in his arms. Could I
believe my eyes? Was the man going to
carry off our most sacred belonging
under my very nose?

  “ Indeed you had better go! ” I cried
out, unsuccessfully struggling with a
quaver of excitement in my voice, “ but
not with our clock! ”

  The man turned.

  “ But this is what I came for,” he
said, shifting its weight more comfort-
ably in his arms. “ And since I have it,
I may as well leave at once.”

  The vandal actually admitted that
the purpose of his visit to our apartment
had been to steal our clock! And it was
the one possession prized above all others
by Grace and myself. Often we had told
each other that it was the only worth-
while thing we owned. Its polished
marble and gleaming gold, shedding its
effulgence from the parlor-mantel,
formed the piece de resistance in the
decoration of our home.

  Was I to see it stolen before my very
eyes—lost to us forever? Only over my
lifeless body, I mentally determined, as
I threw out my arms, barring the door-
way with a hand on either casing.
274

THE ARGOSY.

  “Oh, no!” I protested, while a nerv-
ous laugh shivered through my voice.
“ You can go, but the clock can’t. You
see it hasn’t been going for a week, so
it can’t go!” I added hysterically.

  The would-be abductor of our treasure
rested the sacred timepiece on the piano-
stool, and reached for his hat.

   “ 1 know,” he said, not looking at me,
“ that’s why I’m going to take it away—
because it can’t go itself.”

  My nails dug into the woodwork as
I tightened my clutch on the door-jamb.
I could feel an icy perspiration breaking
out on my brow and in the palms of my
hands; my eyes were wide and staring
fsom the strangle-hold of fear* that
gripped my throat, as the man took a
step toward me.

  “You’re not!” I cried. “You’re not
going to do any such thing! ”

  He looked up quickly, and his lips
puckered in a slow whistle of surprise
as he took in my barricade of the door-
way. Then his chin hardened purpose-
fully, and he picked up his loot.

  “ If you will let me pass—” he began,
stepping forward.

  “Stop!” I called.

  The man paused and then backed away
before me as 1 advanced slowly into the
room, keeping my eyes fixed on his face.
In the center of the parlor he stopped,
and I came up until I stood directly
before him.

  “ How dare you attempt to take away
before my eyes—” I began.

  “ But, my dear young lady—” he
interrupted.

  “ Stop! ” I checked him, raising un-
hand. “ Don’t speak—this has gone far
enough. Do you think that you can leave
this room with that clock—”

  “ But I tell you—”

  “ You tell me! ” I laughed scornfully

  You, a—”

   I broke off suddenly, the word “ bur -
glar ” dying in my throat at the sound
of a light step behind me. I wheeled—
to discover the alert figure of Grace
poised in the doorway.

  Just in time, I thought. Now there
were two of us to handle this fellow. I
would keep him in the room while my
chum went down-stairs for a policeman.

•	“ Grace—” I began, taking a quick
step toward her.

  Then I halted in surprise at the ex-
pression on her face. There was no won-
der in her survey of the scene she had so
suddenly come upon; no amazement at
the unexpected sight of the strange man
still standing in the center of the room.
Why wasn’t she astonished, awestruck,
frightened at the spectacle?

  “ Hallo, kidlet! ” she called to me.
“ Just got in, I see. Tom, have you
met—”

  Was I dreaming, or crazy, or—what
could this mean ? Besides taking the mat-
ter of my being alone in our home with
a^burglar as something quite ordinarily
to be expected, she seemed to know the
man—called him by his first name, in
fact!

  “ Roberta,” she addressed me, “ let
me introduce you to Tom Jennings. This
is my chum, Miss Fletcher, Tom. For
goodness’ sake, what are you carrying
that clock around in your hands for?
You aren’t going yet? Wait till I hang
up my hat and coat, and we’ll chat
a while.”

  My roommate walked out into the
hall. Mumbling an apology to the man
in the gray overcoat, I dashed after her.

  “ Grace! ” I gasped, pulling her into-
the dining-room and closing the door
hastily after us. “ What does this
mean? ”

  “ What does what mean, silly? ” she
asked surprisedly, staring at my wild eyes
and flushed face.

  “That man out there—who is he?”
I panted. “ Where did he come from—
how did he get in here? ”

  “Why, Tom Jennings is an old, old
friend of mine,” Grace answered wonder-
ingly. “ His father’s in the jewelry busi-
ness—worth millions, by the way—and
when I met Tom on the street the other
day, and told him how badly our clock
was keeping time, he offered to come up
and take it down to his father’s shop to
be fixed. He called about fifteen minutes
ago, but I had to go out after the salad
I forgot to order, and I left him here to
wait till I got back. Roberta—whatever
is the matter? ”

  I was leaning helplessly against the
table, all the strength sapped from my
body in the reaction. I saw it all now—
why had I been so. stupid as not to un-
derstand the situation before?
HER IDEAL IN THE GRAY OVERCOAT.

                                                   a

275

  The man I had seen entering our
apartments had been admitted by Grace
—who had returned earlier than I ex-
pected, and answered his ring which I
had arrived too late to hear. Then, while
I stood in our private hall outside the
parlor door, my chum had slipped out
through the back door that led to the
elevators, leaving the stranger to be dis-
covered alone in our rooms.

  Between nervous laughter and hys-
terical tears, I explained the whole story
to Grace, from my observation of the man
in the street-car to the scene with him
she had interrupted.

  “ And if you ever breathe to a soul—■
to him—” I finished in impressive
warning.

  “You crazy little Indian!” said my
chum. “ Do you think I’d spoil this bud-
ding romance? Why you are the girl
Tom raved about after he came in here
as a 1 dream of ideal beauty he saw in
the car ’! ”

  “ Then,” I faltered happily, “ then he
noticed me, too?”

  Grace laughed as she pushed me
toward the parlor with a pat on the back.

  “He did—so thoroughly that his de-
scription of you was astonishingly com-
plete—for a man. Come on; let’s go
back and give him another look at you! ”
“ But—” I hesitated, my hand on the
dining-room door, “ think of the things
I said to him about the silver in that

broken frame—and he’s in the jewelry
business! ”

  “ Make him forget it,” encouraged my
chum. “ Be nice to him. Come along! ”
Together we entered the parlor. The
man in the gray overcoat turned from
the window and came toward us, with
his hat in his hand. Grace advanced and
took it from his unresisting fingers, as
she pushed him into our easiest easy
chair.

  “ You’re going to stay to tea, Tom,”
she informed him, turning to the samovar
on the little tabouret at his side. “ So
make yourself perfectly comfortable
while the kettle boils.”

  “ Well, really,” he began, half pro-
testingly, with a swift glance at me,
“ Miss Fletcher might object to my ta-
king a cup ‘ before her very eyes—’ ”

  I smiled back at him.

  “ Not at all,” I answered. “ I’ll bring
it to you myself, if you’ll promise to dis-
play the cleverness I know you possess—*
and not drop it! ”

  A quick light grew in his eyes, and
under its glow I felt my cheeks redden,
but I looked bravely back. My pulses
quickened. Then, with a little gasp of
sudden gladness, I turned toward Grace,
bending busily over the tea-things.

  The man had not come into our home
to rob, but he had stolen something there,
just the same. And he was an ideal
burglar.

   WHEN THE SUN SETS.

 With sheen of shining sails aslant
 They pass the harbor bar,

 To where the storm and stress of sea
 And wind’s bravado are;

 F"or this is best, to brave and breast
 The sea, to strive and win,

 Nor be of those who lie at ease
 Protecting harbors in.

 But ah, when sails are frayed and torn
 With strivings with the sea;

 ’Tis good to seek again and find
 The shelter of the lee;

 And this is best, to ride and rest
 In peace along the shore,

Nor be of those whom hungry seas	1

 Have gained to give no more!

Guy Wet more Carryl.
The Name of Martin Hoffman.'

By STEPHEN BRANDISH,

     Author of “ Gordon’s Getaway,” “ When Suspicion Struck Hard," “ At the Mercy*cf the “Unseen.”

         The astounding experience of a business man who thought all his troubles
         were over just as he was on the eve of the greatest calamity in his career.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Martin Hoffman, in charge of the Galpin Manufacturing Company during the ab-
sence of young Dick Galpin. finds the concern imperiled by the rival Dalton Company.
He is in despair when Theobald Thomas, a former member of the firm, offers to take
over its four-hundred-thousand-dollar debt. The papers must be signed by Hoffman on
the next day, when the debt falls due.

    A man named Gulick, of the Dalton Company, tries to bribe Hoffman to leave town
until too late for this transaction. That evening, in his rooms, during a visit from George
Wellingford, vice-president of the rival firm, who offers him an increased bribe, Hoffman
is suddenly stricken blind. Exhausted by strain and worry, and crazed with horror at
his loss of sight, he hears, as in a dream, a number of men discussing his case. He is
hurried off by them in an automobile to some house, where lie is carried up-stairs and
laid 011 a bed. He feels a sudden prick on his arm, and sinks into unconsciousness.

CHAPTER V.

IX THE HOUSE OF MYSTERY.

IRST of all, the pillow was soft.
Hoffman felt over it with sleepy
fingers. Yes, and so far as his capacity
for judging went, the cover was fine
linen. The bed, too, was distinctly soft
and comfortable—even a little bit more
comfortable than usual, if that were pos-
sible.

  His head ached a trifle, to be sure, but
that was to be expected. He had had
a bad day yesterday, and to-day he was
going to have a fine day — the biggest
day in the history of the Galpin Com-
pany.

  It must be about eight now. He’d
doze for perhaps fifteen minutes more.
Then he’d get up and have a cold plunge
and a breakfast, and after that get to
the office in time to meet Thomas, and
settle up all details.

  Oh, it was glorious! Exhilaration
fairly surged through him; and still—
what the dickens had happened last
night ?

Certainly something had gone wrong
—radically wrong! He had a vague
recollection of wild dreams—of an auto-
*Began April Argosy.

  mobile ride—of doctors and judges and
  Heaven only knew what else! He re-
  membered dreaming of raving and rais-
  ing Cain generally and—

    Well, it was over, and he must get up
  now. He rolled to his back and opened
  his eyes, and—there was nothing there!

    His breath stopped ‘ With a choke in
  his throat, he sat up and stared, or tried
  to stare, about him. Why, there was
  nothing in sight at all! So far as his
  eyes were concerned, they told of abso-
  lutely nothing save an increased light-
  ness when he stared to the left — the
  direction from which the faintest of
  breezes was coming!

    Then .he must actually be blind! He
  gasped, and reached for the button be-
  side his bed, the button by which, at
  times, he ordered breakfast. It was
  gone!

    Instead of the tapestry paper, his fin-
  gers encountered a bare, painted stretch
  of wall; instead of the push-button,
  there was—paint!

   Then it was all true! The whole
 affair which he had just imagined to be
 a dream was actual fact! He was blind!

    An extremely soft footfall approached
  him, and a low, respectful voice said:
  Single copies, 10 cents.

2j6
THE NAME OF MARTIN HOFFMAN.

277

 “ Will you have breakfast, sir? ”

 “ What? ” The blind man tried hard
 to look around.

 “Breakfast, sir?”

 Hoffman swallowed hard. His head
 was clear now—and thank God for the
 fact! He might have been mad last
 night; but his brain was working at
 present, and be felt fairly able to grap-
 ple with conditions, and:

 “ Will you kindly tell me who you
 happen to be?” he said slowly.

 “ Your special nurse, sir.”

 “ And do I seem to need a special
 nurse? ”

 “Yes, sir.”

 “ Well, I’ll be hanged! ” remarked
 the treasurer of the Galpin Company
 pensively.

 “ Yes, sir! ” said the voice placidly.
 “ Would you like a little steak, sir, or
 some eggs, or—”

 The dazed man rubbed a hand over
 his sightless eyes. "IFor a long space he
 thought hard. Then:

 “ I am — somewhere outside of my
 home?” he inquired with difficulty.

 “ Yes, sir.”

 “Well, where?”

 “ In Dr. Coles’s Sanatorium, sir.”
 “Eh?” Hoffman reflected further.
 “ Young man,” he said, “ I am blind.
 You know that?”

 “ Certainly, sir.”

 “ Well, as nearly as I am able to
 judge, it happened only last night. Is
 this a place for the treatment of the
 blind?”

 “ Yes, sir.”

 He seemed to be assuming things with
 an amazing accuracy. He hazarded an-
 other query:

 “ I have been brought here to be
 treated for my eyes?”

 “Yes, sir.”

 “ Then, will you kindly tell me,”
 went on Hoffman gently, “ who the deuce
 had the assurance to take me away from
 home without my permission?”

 “ It was your brother, Mr. Hoffman,”
 said the even voice.

 “ Did he give his name?”

 “ It was Mr. John Hoffman, sir,” re-
 plied the attendant patiently.

 The treasurer reflected deeply.
 Certainly, it was a rather curious state
 of affairs—more particularly as his only

brother happened to bear the name of
Richard and to be several hundred miles
away. He took to rubbing his throb-
bing eyes again for a time, until:

  “ The doctor said most particularly
that you must not rub your eyes, sir. He
said that you might have breakfast and
dress afterward, if you wished. After
that, I think he will be up to see you,
sir. What shall I bring?”

  “ What time is it ? ”

  “ Nearly noon, sir.”

  “ Then,” Hoffman pondered, “ bring
me a small steak and some hot rolls and
some potatoes and a couple of. cups of
coffee. That’s enough.”

  “ Very well, sir.”

  The shuffling footsteps departed as
quietly as they had arrived.

  For an instant there seemed to be a
whispered consultation somewhere in the
neighborhood; then silence fell, and the
blind man sank back and waited.

  John Hoffman—his brother who had
never existed! Dr. Coles’s Sanatorium,
of which he had never heard. What the
dickens did it all mean, anyway?

  Ten minutes of hard thought, and he
had found but one definite conclusion;
it was past ten in the morning, and he
was not at the office! That solitary fact
coursed on and on through his head.

  He hadn’t been on hand to sign the
notes for Thomas and keep the old firm
above water. There were three more
days, to be sure; but he very much pre-
ferred not to use them.

  He thought on and on — and finally
breakfast came.

  It was as delicate and delicious a meal
as skill could produce; its extreme ex-
cellence, in fact, astounded the patient.
He felt and ate his way through it rap-
idly, though; and at the end, as the fin-
gers of the attendant ceased piloting his
own, and the tray was removed, he came
to the subject uppermost in his mind
with:

  “See here, you—what’s your name?”
  “ Smith, sir.”

  “ All right, Smith; I want to dress
and get out of this.”

  “You may dress, sir — indeed, your
clothes are here. But T don’t think the
doctor would allow you out, sir.”

  “ Well, the doctor hasn’t anything to
say about it in this case,” Hoffman re-
278

THE ARGOSY.

sponded serenerely. “ I’ve got to get
down to my office for half an hour at
least, and you’ve got to steer me there.”
“ The doctor would never hear to it,
sir. He gave the strictest orders that
you Mere to be kept absolutely quiet.”

  “ Then I’m afraid his orders are go-
ing to be disobeyed,” the patient re-
marked. “Where are my clothes?”

  In silence the man brought them, and
for the first time in his adult life the
treasurer of the Galpin Company was
forced to allow himself to be dressed
from top to toe.

  The process was completed at last,
and he stretched himself. He M-as still
rather tired and stiff; he M-as also stone-
blind ; but his head seemed to be in
good shape again—and he had never
heard of a law barring a blind man from
business transactions.

“ We’ll start now,” he announced
calmly. “ Can you get an automobile?”
“ The doctor said very positively just
now, sir, that you must not go out for
a day or two.”

  “Send him here, then!” Hoffman
commanded sharply.

  “ He’s just gone out for several hours,
sir.”

  “ Then let me ask you whether twenty
dollars M-ould bribe you to take me down-
town for an hour.”

  “ It wouldn’t, sir. It would cost me
my job.” said the voice in rather sorrow-
ful monotony. “ And you couldn’t do
anything without an attendant, sir,” it
went on soothingly again. “ You’d have
to have somebody with you, sir, and
there’s nobody here M’ould dare go for
twenty, or fifty, for that matter. You’d
better sit doMrn, sir.”

  The man M’as right—eminently right!
The hard fact struck Hoffman after the
manner of a bloM\ Everything else out
of the question, he couldn’t navigate
alone just yet under his new conditions.

  “ Yes, I’d have to have an attendant,
fast enough! ” he muttered bitterly.
“ But why the dickens can't I have an
attendant and—”

  “ The doctor said that, in these cases
of temporary paralysis of the optic
nerve, absolute quiet was the first re-
quirement, sir,” the attendant assured
him. “ You’d better sit down in the big
chair, sir, and I’ll read to you, if you

like. Just forget business altogether,
sir, and you’ll be at it again in a few
days, and as well as ever! ”

  There M'as a compelling monotony
about that voice. Hoffman began to
M’alk, in the weak shuffle he seemed to
have acquired, and quick hands caught
him and steered him to a thickly uphol-
stered chair.

   He dropped into it with a disappoint-
 ed grunt.

  “ Look here, Smith,” he said with
M'hat MTas intended for a friendly tone,
“where is this joint?”

   “ Up-town, sir.”

   “ Whereabouts? ”

  “ Oh, Mrell up-town, sir. Shall I
read1—”

   “ Wait a minute. I want to ask you
a few questions first. You’re sure my
brother brought me here?”

  “ Why, yes, sir. With a couple of
doctors. You were in a bad state last
night—very much overwrought and "over-
worked, sir. Now, this novel—”
Hoffman sighed resignedly.

   “ Go on ! ” be said. “ Thank you.”

» The man might as MTell be reading a
novel as doing anything else that came
within his range as special nurse. Fur-
thermore, it would give Hoffmarj/time to
meditate in peace, and decide what M'as
best to do under the circumstances.

   The story began. It M-as a late pro-
 duction in fiction, and the patient
 thanked his stars that he had read it.
 for noM' he could pick up the tale at any
 desired point and offer sane comments.
 He sat back with a fair counterfeit of a
 contented sigh, and smiled vaguely as he
 tried to assort the varied occurrences of
 the last twelve hours.

   First of all, velvet - gloved effects to
 the contrary, he Mras being detained
 somewhere against his will. There M'as
 no question whatever but that he must
 stay where be M-as until he devised fit-
 ting means of leaving.

  It might be a sanatorium for the
blind; it might be anything else. Just
at present, he M’as in no position to say
what it Mras, or to make any definite
hypothesis upon the matter—save that
one intention to get out.

   Secondly, some one must have brought
 him here—and some one masquerading
 as a brother of his. That last, of course.
THE NAME OF MARTIN HOFFMAN.

279

was absolute nonsense. Richard was
South, and he was the only brother
Hoffman had ever owned.

  And it was only yesterday morning, by
the way, that Martin had had a letter
from him, regretting that the end of the
week would have to see him homeward
bound.

  No, Richard was altogether out of the
whole proposition. Some one else had
elected himself brother of Martin Hoff-
man, and had succeeded in putting him
in this place — whatever eventually it
might turn out to be. Some one else
and—yes, some one who understood the
various business matters that were im-
pending, and wished to have him out of
the way!

  That much seemed reasonably clear, in
view of certain sums that had been
offered for his disappearance. That was
it! He had been put—somewhere!

  Now, to find out where “ somewhere ”
happened to be, and to get back to the
hotel and the office and see a doctor and
find out exactly what ailed his poor eyes,
and how long it was going to take to
remedy the trouble, after the Thomas
business had been settled.

  And for a beginning—

  “ ‘ She stood, momentarily, sweeping
him with a cold scorn, and—’ Eh? Are
you sleepy, sir?” asked the voice of his
attendant.

  “ Well, to tell you the truth, I’m
pretty tired, Smith! ” Hoffman re-
sponded with a hearty frankness, as a
fresh idea came suddenly. “ I’m going
to lie down. Suppose you come over
and sit by me and go on.”

  “ Very well, sir.” There was a cer-
tain relief in the attendant’s voice as he
steered Hoffman gently from the chair.

  The short transit concluded, the blind
man stretched out luxuriously as a blan-
ket was laid over him. With the quick-
ening sense of hearing that seemed to
develop more markedly every minute, he
knew that the man was taking a chair
beside him and opening the book again
•—and the story went on.

  And on, and on, until Hoffman found
himself, all things notwithstanding, very
near a doze. He caught himself, and
was wide-awake again and acute in every
sense save that of sight.

  The attendant was watching him, as

the droning tone denoted. He wrould
play his part as nicely as possible. The
sightless eyes closed again, and his
breathing gradually became slow and
regular. He grunted softly, and hud-
dled down more cozily under the blan-
ket—and, to all outward appearances,
he was asleep.

  Features peaceful and expressionless,
he waited patiently. The reading ceased,
and there was an expectant pause. Hoff-
man permitted an artistic snore to es-
cape him. The wait grew longer; and
at last came a soft:

  “Mr. Hoffman!”

  A long, sibilant breath was the only
answer.

  “ Mr. Hoffman! ”

  The snore came again. And it seemed
to have been a well-judged snore, for
the attendant muttered:

  “ Sleeping again, thank God! Well—”
There was the sound of a chair being
pushed back softly. The blanket about
him was tucked in more securely, and the
light steps crossed—toward the door, as
it seemed, for there was $he slightest
creak of a knob—and in "an indistinct
way the man on the bed knew that, for
the time, he was alone.

  For all of ten minutes he remained
motionless; then, as matters seemed per-
manently soundless, he essayed a soft:

  “ Smith! ”

  There was no answer. He waited a
minute, and tried again:
v “Smith!”

  And Smith, it appeared, had left the
room. On the instant, Hoffman thrust
one leg from under the covers—and then
the other—and there was no reproving
voice.

  He cast off the blanket and stood
erect, and no one filed an objection.
Erect, he waited, listening. No sound
greeted his ear.

  So that the time appeared ripe for a
tour of investigation—a tour which, if
successful, might land him in the street.
And once there, lack of hat and over-
coat notwithstanding, he could find some
one, any one, who would tell him where
the cars were and how to get back to his
home and—•

  He must not delay. Blind and strange
to the place, and not altogether steady
he might be, but he must make the
280

THE ARGOSY.

best haste possible and find the way to
freedom before any further interference
came.

  Hands outstretched, he started for-
ward hastily, in a fairly definite way,
he knew the direction in which his at-
tendant had gone; he followed it as
swiftly as possible, and—

  Yes, here was a wall. Here, too, was
some sort of woodwork and—ah! here
was a door.

  He found the knob and turned it, and
walked—into a closet! He backed out
quickly and searched on, and in ajvery
few seconds he had found another door,
and was seeking the knob.

  An extremely queer sense of greater
space impressed him as he passed
through. Inquisitive fingers, reaching
and waving through the air, met a ban-
ister railing, and he knew that he was
in a corridor, and probably at the edge
of the stair-well. He retreated to the
wall opposite, and felt his way along
cautiously again.

  A full dozen feet of progress—and he
had found another door. He reached to
the left again, and learned that he Avas
at the turning-point of the banisters.
That, it seemed, must mean the head of
the stairs.

  Logically, they should lead to the
main corridor below. He dared not try
them. He’d make a trip through this
doorway to the right, if it happened to
be unlocked, and see what AATas con-
cealed. Perhaps another, and more
acclimated, blind man Avas there who
could tell him the way out.

  Perhaps—excited hope surged through
him as he tried the fastening. Exulta-
tion succeeded suddenly as the door gave
way before his hand and opened with-
out a sound.

  Little idea as he had of his Avhere-
abouts, he Avas at least going someAvhere,
and the path might lead to the outer
world and—

  Out of the limitless blackness there
came a sound of some one stirring.
There Avas a muffled exclamation; the
sound, then, of a sudden fall, as if some
one had thrown himself prostrate upon
the carpeted floor.

  And then a strange voice rose, deep,
but querulous, in reverent and respect-
ful tones, with:

  “ It is indeed the king! It is indeed
the Avise one! Boav Ioav, ye people! All
hail, King Solomon! ”

CHAPTER VI.

IN REGARD TO .CLUES.

  The day-clerk, as Richard Hoffman
observed Avithout much interest, stared
a little as the two bell-boys hurried to
the elevators Avith the hand-baggage.

Furthermore, the day-clerk observed:

  “Too bad, sir, that you Avere forced
to return so soon. I’m very sorry, sir! ”

  “ Well, you needn’t cry about it, Dick-
son ! ” Mr. Richard Hoffman comment-
ed, as he hurried by Avith his Avife.
“ These things are bound to happen,
you knoAv, one time and another.”

  “ Yes, sir. Certainly, sir. It’s al-
Avays Avell to be prepared for them, as
it Avere, and to try to take them philo-
sophically, Mr. Hoffman,” the day-clerk
murmured, as the elevator-gate closed
for its trip to Suite 501.

  It Avas in Suite 501, some seven or
eight minutes later, that the peculiar
tone Avorked into the elder Hoffman’s
mind and set him Avondering.

  “ What in blazes Avas the matter Avith
Dickson, Madge?” he inquired thought-
fully.

  “What, dear?”

  “ He talked as if I’d just lost a leg
or something, instead of merely being
called back unexpectedly by business,”
Richard went on.

  His Avife laughed.

  “ Probably Dickson knew how much
you’d been counting on a Avinter vaca-
tion,” she said.

  “But still—” He paused. “I must
be getting imaginative! ” Hoffman fin-
ished, with a laugh. “ I guess the long
face made an impression on Dickson.
Blast it! I didn’t want to come back! ”

  “ NeA'er mind.” The maid had bus-
tled in, and fluffy things and things that
rustled and other things that swished
and crackled Avere being laid out from
the trunks and the grips—and, for the
time, Richard Hoffman Avas a quantity
ignored.

  He intruded again shortly Avith:

  “ I AA-onder how poor old Martin’s
getting on doAvn-town ? ”
THE NAME OF MARTIN HOFFMAN.

281

  “ Er—what, dear?”

  “ I say, I wonder whether Martin’s
going to weather the storm for the Gal-
pin outfit?” the brother mused. “I
doubt it like the dickens! ”

  There was no answer. Martin had
been too thoroughly discussed, and his
prospects in the last few weeks had been
too gloomy, to allow of much specula-
tion.

  “ I’m going to call him up and sur-
prise him! ” Richard Hoffman an-
nounced.

•	He walked to the telephone and
asked for the Galpin Company’s num-
ber. He waited a little, and suddenly
asked to be connected with Mr. Martin
Hoffman’s office, and:

  “ Mr. Hoffman is not here to-day! ”
the company’s Central informed him.

  “ Eh?”

  “ No, sir. He hasn’t been down.”

  “ Are you sure? ” Richard swallowed
a little.

  “Yes, sir.”

  “ Well, send some one to Mr. Stound
and ask again.”

  He waited once more; and presently
he caught his breath.

  “ Mr. Stound says that he isn’t there,
and that it is the first time in twenty
years he hasn’t been on hand before
nine? ”

  “Yes, sir.”

  “ Then—well, leave word for him
that his brother called up, if he should
happen to come in within the next hour.
Good-by.”

  He hung up the receiver and turned
to his wife with somewhat startled eyes.

  “ Mart isn’t down at the office,” he
announced, “ and they haven’t had any
word from him. I—hang it! He must
Vje ill! I’m going to see.”

  He shot out of the suite and to that
other floor where Martin Hoffman
abode. He was back in a matter of five
minutes .with new information.

  “ The room-maid says Martin wasn’t
there last night, and that his bed hasn’t
been disturbed! ” he announced rather
wildly.

  “Well, he may have taken a notion
to go off somewhere for a little relaxa-
tion,” his wife said gently. “ He cer-
tainly needs it badly enough, dear.”

  “ Maybe he does, but Martin never

 -	went off at such a time as this unless
 some one chloroformed him! ” replied
 Martin’s brother. “ I’m going down to
 the office and find out what struck
 him! ”

   The elevator, within a very few sec-
 onds, landed him before the desk of the
 hotel, and Mr. Hoffman, the elder, came
 straight to the point with:

   “ Was my brother here last night, ■
 Dickson?”

   The clerk stared, open-mouthed.

   “ Why—er—yes, sir.”

   “Well, where is he now?”

    “ I can’t tell that, Mr. Hoffman.”
    “Why not?”

   “ Because I don’t know.”

    The elder brother did a little staring
 himself.

   “ Well, have you gone crazy, Dickson,
 or have I ? ” he inquired. “ What the
 deuce became of Martin? He hasn’t
 left on a wild carouse, has he? You
 didn’t notice any signs of intoxica-
 tion or—”

    “ Certainly not, sir; but—”
 Inexplicable emotion seemed to have
 choked the clerk.

   “ Well, what? ” the inquirer de-
 manded rather violently. “ What in
 thunder has happened here, anyway?”
 “ If you will just step inside, sir,”
 suggested the clerk with a studied, gen-
 tle compassion.

   Hoffman went through the gate brisk-
 ly, and took a chair to the rear of the
 enclosure, beside the big safe. The
 clerk, with a final glance about the de-
 serted lobby, followed him, and dragged
 another to his side.

   “ Do you mean to say, Mr. Hoffman,”
 he said very earnestly, “ that you are
 not here before you were due because
 they sent for you ? ”

   " They? ”

   “ Why, the gentlemen, of course.
 Your brother, and the rest.”

   “ I certainly haven’t heard from Mar-
 tin—that is, in any spectacular way such
 as you seem to suggest.”

   “ Not your brother Martin, sir. Your
 brother John.”

   Mr. Richard Hoffman stared at him
 for a full minute; then his summary
 came forth with a characteristic and
 cheerful frankness.

   “ You let it alone, Dickson—the
282

THE ARGOSY.

booze or tbe pills or the pipe, or what-
ever it is,” he remarked soothingly. “ I
thought you looked funny when we first
came in. I never owned a brother by
name of John, my boy. You—”

  “ But your brother John was here last
night! He was the one who took your
other brother away, sir! ”

  “ Took him where? ”

  “ That’s more than I can say. There
were a number of gentlemen up-stairs.
There was one they called ‘ Judge,’ sir,
and three or four that they called
‘ Doctor,’ and thei\—”

  “ And then ? ” cut in Richard with
dazed patience.

  “ And then they all went away to-
gether in one of those taximeter auto-
mobiles, and Mr. Martin has not been
back since, nor any of the rest of
them! ”

  The elder Hoffman licked his lips.
“Dickson, is this straight?” he in-
quired.

  “ It’s just as the night-clerk told me,
sir. I’m sure he wasn’t mistaken.”

  “ And my brother was taken away
last night?”

  “ Yes, sir; and the night-man said
that he didn’t seem himself at all. He
said he was talking very wildly, and say-
ing that he was blind, and that he made
a good deal of resistance when they put
him in the machine.”

  “ Yes, I’ll bet he did, if he didn’t
want to go, but— Oh, see here! This
is all too darned absurd. Where did the
cab come from?”

  “ The stand right), across the way, sir.
I heard them call it just before I went
off my watch.”

“And where did they tell it to go?”
“ I haven’t any idea of that, sir. The
only thing I know is that your brother
is gone, and that we haven’t heard a
word of him since.”

  The elder man reflected for perhaps
a minute. Then he rose suddenly and
shot through the gate and across the
looby and out of the hotel.

  Very abruptly it had been borne in
upon him that something distinctly un-
usual had happened to Martin, and he
had decided to delve into the mystery at
once.

  He made for the cab-stand, and was
greeted with enthusiasm by the man next

                                                             #■

in line. Experience suggested a gentle
bribe. Hoffman thrust a small bill into
the person’s hand and came straight to
business, with:

  “ Were you on duty here last night? ”

  “ No, sir.”

  “Well, do you know who was?”

  “No, sir; but I know they ain’t
now,” grinned the metered chauffeur.

  “ Why not? ”

  “ Because the whole seven that was
on here last night was fired when they
brought back their cars. They’d been
fixing the taximeters, sir,” finished the
driver.

  “Are you sure of that?” Hoffman
asked, rather breathlessly.

  “ It’s the talk o’ the whole bunch,
sir.”

  “ Then—”

  The inquirer turned suddenly and hur-
ried away. In the cigar-store on the
opposite corner there was a telephone-
booth, and he made for it and looked
up the number of the cab company.

  He had the connection very shortly,
and the superintendent of the establish-
ment as well—and he learned nothing.

  The man had been quite right. The
whole • seven at that particular station
had been discharged on their return last
evening. No, the superintendent did not
know the address of one'1 of them, or
where they had been during the night,
for that matter.

  He knew only that they seemed to
have been a downright bad lot, and that
this company proposed to maintain hon-
est rates, and that any member of the
employed force who sought to violate
rules would be discharged on the instant
his derelictions were discovered.

  The elder Hoffman hung up the re-
ceiver wearily.

  His brother had been carried off in
an unknown cab by an unknown collec-
tion of men to an unknown place!

  It was absurd! It was outrageous!
It was, furthermore, incredible; for, in
the present crisis of the Galpin affairs,
Martin would no more have thought
of deserting business than he wrould
have essayed a flight through the air;
and—Hoffman took up the telephone
once more, and called up his wife, across
the street, and informed her that he was
bound for the Galpin office.
THE NAME OF MARTIN HOFFMAN.

283

  Over the Galpin establishment a sort
of dazed calm seemed to rest. He asked
the boy at the door where Mr. Hoffman
could be found; he was informed that
Mr. Hoffman had not been down to
business that day, but that he could see
Mr. Stound. The infant blinked con-
fusedly—and the elder Hoffman walked
to the back of the store and straight
through the “ Private ” treasurer’s door.

  The place was just as he had left it,
a month or two ago, save that the desk
was closed and that there was a pile of
unopened personal letters on the out-
drawn arm-rest.

  With a grunt, he settled into Martin’s
own chair and stared about — until his
eye lit upon the button which was con-
nected with Stound’s office. On the im-
pulse, he leaned forward and pressed it.

  Steps came with a rush. Formality
forgotten, the door was burst open sud-
denly ; and Stound, with a remarkable
change of expression, wras standing be-
fore him and muttering:

  “ God bless me, sir! I thought it was
your brother, sir! I— Dear me ! ”
“Where is my brother, Stound?”
Hoffman demanded.

  “ Well, I—he’s not here, sir. I’ve—
been expecting him every minute this
blessed day, sir, and it’s getting late in
the afternoon now, and there ain’t a sign
of him.”

  “Where’s he gone, then?” The
elder Hoffman leaned forward earnest-
ly. “ Certainly, you’d know, if any one
did, Stound. Was there any business to
take him out of town?”

  “ No, sir.” The old man looked at
the floor.

  “ Wasn’t he well, then ? ”

  “ He seemed so.”

  “ Well, did he seem at all indisposed
yesterday ? ”

  “ He—he seemed a bit tired out, sir,
and no wonder. That’s all I kno.w.”
The visitor studied him with very
deep interest for rather more than a
minute. Then he straightened up, with:
“ My dear Stound, this isn’t a melo-
drama, you know. You needn’t stand
there with that long face and work your
fingers and snort under your beard, as
if you were concealing state secrets. If
you’ve got anything to tell, or anything
to suggest—out with it! ”

  The old man started. A trifling hesi-
tation, and he closed the door and
turned to the visitor.

  “ God help me, sir! ” he said fervent-
ly. “ You’ll forgive me before I say
it — but, somehow, it seems to be my
duty, sir.”

  “ Eh? ”

  “Yesterday, sir, a gentleman came
here and said that he’d loan the com-
pany money enough to carry it through
the trouble, sir—you know all about
that.”

  “ Yes.”

  “ And after he’d gone,” the manager
hurried on, “ another gentleman came,
and he said that if Mr. Hoffman—your
brother — wouldn’t be here to sign the
necessary papers, he’d give him fifteen
thousand dollars in cash; to disappear
for a week, that is.”

 “And?”

  “ And I understand your brother had
him kicked out of the place, sir! ”

  “ Which was thoroughly like him! ”
the elder Hoffman commented. “ How
d’you happen to know all about it ? ”

  “ Well, to tell the truth, sir, I was
listening at the door, for just a minute.”
“ And this morning, when my brother
didn’t turn up, you concluded imme-
diately that he had met the other man
outside and closed with the offer?”

  “ Heaven forbid, sir! I—”

  “ All right. I’ll take your word for
it. Now, what do you know about his
whereabouts at present ? ”

  “No more than I do about where I’ll
be mvself a hundred years from now,
sir!

  The visitor considered again; and
when he looked up, it was with a rather
hard smile.

  “ It’s apparent that my ordinarily
well-balanced brother has elected to
drop out of sight altogether for the
time!” he observed. “Just tell that
telephone Central of yours to give me
Delafield’s Detective Agency, and get
Mr. Howard Delafield on the wire! ”

CHAPTER VII.

THROUGH THREE DOORS.

  For the moment, Martin Hoffman
stood transfixed with amazement.
284

THE ARGOSY.

  For the moment, too, a little chill
ran through him, and his head began
to feel a trifle doubtful; and then, out
of the blackness before him, the voice
came again, intoning:

  “ Wonderful and mighty king! We
hail thee!”

  The blind man stopped short. It was
a joke of some sort; doubtless a joke
perpetrated by some one who didn’t real-
ize that he was sightless.

  “ Pardon me,” he said with a faint
smile, “but I’m not just the subject for
a practical joke. I am stone-blind.”

  “ All hail, King Solomon! ” the voice
went on impressively.

  The wanderer moistened his lips.

  “ Am I supposed to be King Solo-
mon?” he inquired mildly.

  “ Great king, the nations of the earth
bow down before thee! ” the voice went
on monotonously. “See, majesty, I
beat my head upon the ground before
thee! I call aloud—”

  “ Then please stop calling aloud! ”
Hoffman said rather sharply. /“ I’m
blind, I tell you. Whatever the idea is,
please give it up. I can’t see it or you,
and I can’t appreciate it at all. Where
are you, anyway? ”

  “ Lo, king, I lie before thee! ”

  “ Then, please, get up, drop your con-
founded farce, and tell me the way out
of this place. I want to get a breath
of air and—”

  A sharp intake of breath greeted him,
and a horrified:

  “ Oh, incomparable Solomon, thus
would you leave even the humblest of’
your subjects in this the first moment
that you have appeared through all the
centuries! Thus must I be cast back
into the unhallowed gloom, endured for
so many years before your coming ?
Thus must I—”

  a j__»>

  “ For I have indeed waited long and
patiently, lord! ” the voice continued to
plead. “ I have waited and prayed
that you might return and reveal your-
self ! And now you have at last deigned
to come, and you would go as quickly!
Ah, no! Lord, I beseech thee that—”

  “ Shut up! ” cut in Hoffman rather
inelegantly.

  The voice had risen altogether too
high for complete comfort, and Hoffman

expected every moment to hear the sound
of footsteps in the corridor. Instead,
a dismal wail answered him with:

  “ Lo, king, I obey; though my heart
turn to ashes, and be melted in the bit-
terness of ages ! My voice is dead! My
lips are as stone! ”

  “ Then let them stay so for a while! ”
snapped the blind man. “ I’m frank to
admit that I don’t see the point of it;
and, if it’s supposed to be a joke, it’s
deuced bad taste, to say the very least.
But, if you’re not going to get up and
pilot me out of here, for Heaven’s sake
have sense enough not to raise that row! ”

  He seemed to have been taken liter-
ally !

  From the room before him came never
a sound, save the groans of some one,
apparently near the floor.

  For an endless space, as it seemed,
Hoffman waited for further develop-
ments.

  None, apparently, were to come, for
silence reigned—and presently the chilly
sensations began to run up and down his
backbone once more.

  There was something uncanny about
all this—something too uncanny for en-
durance, in his present state. He wanted
to get out of the place; he wanted to
get down-town to his office; he wanted
to find Thomas by telephone, and have
him back and have the deal closed
before the end of the day’s banking
hours. He wanted to see the Ridgkin
people considerably before three, and
have matters settled in full.

  And he turned abruptly to the spot
where the door must be. In a happy
instant he found it, and felt his way
through.

  He stepped into the corridor quickly,
and drew the door closed; and a sorrow-
ful voice floated after with:

  “ Great and merciless majesty! The
humblest of thy servants awaits, with
chastened spirit, thy next coming!
Though my spirit groan and my heart
bleed; though the ages come and go,
and nations rise and fall again, still will
I—”

  The door snapped sharply, and the
sound was deadened to a wordless mut-
tering.

  Hoffman drew a great breath, and
pressed a hand to his eyes.
THE NAME OF MARTIN HOFFMAN.

285

  Was he crazy, or was that other indi-
vidual ? Or was it all an extremely poor
joke, perpetrated by some convalescent
of the place?

  For the instant, his over-tried brain
took to its tricks of unsteadiness again,
and he was unable to determine defi-
nitely. With something of an effort,
he threw off the recollection of the
whole affair as far as possible.

  It was time for him to go on and find
his way out, even if he had to attempt
the descent of a fire-escape in the dark-
ness that surrounded him!

  He’d do it, too, and take his chances;
and—there was another door at his hand.

  For a little, he felt over it. It was
much like the former; perhaps it would
lead to nothing whatever; perhaps it
was the exit to a rear stairway—or some-
thing of the sort.

  He felt on and on, and his hand en-
countered a bolt on the hall side of the
door. Hoffman started joyfully; this
looked promising. The entrance to a
stairway, perhaps, or—he slid back the
bolt and tried the door.

  It opened with beautiful ease. The
wanderer thrust one foot forward and
felt his way. The floor wras entirely
solid. He advanced another yard, and
found only level carpet. He tried again,
and felt about with his arms; he seemed
to be in another room now.

  Confusedly, cursing his blindness, he
felt farther to either side. There was
nothing solid to be encountered. Well,
he’d turn around and get out, and look
further for escape; and—

  “ It is certainly high time you turned
up, Dansten! ” said a thin, cracked
voice, some few feet before Jiim.

  The blind man stopped short.

  “ What?”

  “ I say, it’s certainly high time that
you put in an appearance, Dansten! ”
the sharp tones repeated. “ Why haven’t
you been here before? What?”

  Hoffman choked down the amazed
question that was in his throat. There
was something here altogether beyond
his understanding, for the present.

  He’d have to take these little pleasant-
ries in the spirit in which they wrere ad-
vanced, whatever that might be. He
tried to smile; and a vague flicker of
mirth came over his lips.

  “ I—er—was delayed! ” he announced
shakily.

 “Delayed, were you? Humph!”
The voice seemed to have grown more
irascible; and the visitor catalogued it
suddenly as that of a rather elderly man.
“ Well, you’re here now, anyway. I
hope you’ve come for business?”

  “ I—er—yes! ”

  “ ‘ I—er—yes! ’ ” quoted the unseen.
“Hades! Your father never wabbled
around with any ‘ I—er—yes! ’ my boy.
He was a man that knew the law business
from one end to the other! ”

 “Of course!” assented Hoffman
dazedly.

  “ And you’ll be like him, all in due
time,” the thin voice continued, with a
little kindlier accent. “ Sit down! ”

  “ If—if you’ll show me a chair? ” sug-
gested the visitor. “ I’m blind."

  “ Blind? ” The voice rose to an
astounded scream. Pattering footsteps
came toward Hoffman, and he felt that
some one was staring at him. “ Well,
I’ll be hanged, boy! Here, sit here!
Now! Gently! That’s right. Down
there! ”

  Thin fingers clutched the visitor’s
arms, and he was lowered into a com-
fortable armchair. For a minute or so
he waited expectantly; then, with a.
creaking of a willow chair somewhere
across the room, he heard:

  “ You haven’t brought the papers, of
course? ”

  “ Why—no! ”

  “ I thought not. I thought not. I
thought not. You’re so devilish unT
dependable, Horace. Your father would
have had them with him; and all made
out in proper form—and after my wait-
ing all these months to see you, too!
Well—bah! ”

  Hoffman moistened his lips, and tried
to smile again.

  “ You — er — see, it was unavoidable
this time,” he explained thickly. “ I—”
“ Unavoidable! Unavoidable! Why
should you allow anything unavoidable
to enter into a case as important as
mine?” the person demanded. “Don’t
you know, Horace—don’t you know pos-
itively—that just as soon as we put my
claim before any judge, the whole ninety-
seven millions are going to be awarded
to me by the courts? Don’t you know
286

THE ARGOSY.

that I am going to give you personally
forty millions in cash, as soon as we get
the decision? Don’t you understand that
you’re not working for nothing, even if
my relatives have brought me here to
Italy and shut me up in this confounded
villa? What?”

  “ Of course! ” Hoffman agreed.

  “ Then why don’t you collect the
money?” the voice rasped., “Why do
you come around.here and tell me you
haven’t the papers ready? Why do you
boggle everything, and try to excuse
yourself, and all that sort of rot? ”
“Well, I—”

  “ Look here! ” The voice grew an-
grier. “ I’ll tell you one thing that’ll
bring a blush to your cheeks! Yesterday
a man came in here—a colored man—
one of the servants of the palace, or
whatever it is. He came in here merely
to sweep, mind you! I looked at him,
and I saw that he was intelligent. I ex-
plained the whole matter to him, and
asked him if he could attend to it, and
if he would. He agreed. Then I gave
him five cents, for a retainer, and he said
he would attend to everything! He said
he’d go to America at once, and be back
here with the money inside of two days,
just as I asked him! There! What do
you think of that? And you supposed
to be one of the leading lawyers in New
York! Bali! ”

  With a gasp, Hoffman was 011 his feet.
“ I’ll tell you what I’ll do,” he said
'swiftly, and rather chokingly. “ I’ll go
straight back and get the papers, and
have you sign them; and I’ll have the
money here for you before that colored
man possibly can. Is that satisfactory? ”
He turned toward the door and felt
his way. A thin hand came down on
his shoulder and patted it—and a new
series -of chills ran through Hoffman,
as a gratefully lachrymose voice squeaked
into his ear:

  “ Spoken like your father, my boy!
Spoken like your father! Now you’re
beginning to talk business! Go and
get my air-ship! It’s tied to the left-
hand chimney on the roof. Tell the
engineer to take you straight to Trinity
Church, New York, and—good-by, my
boy! ”

  'I’lie treasurer of the Galpin Company
was through the door, and had closed

it after him. With fingers that were
growing in intelligence by the second,
he found the bolt, and jammed it back
into place—and, for an instant, he stood
and breathed hard.

  That poor devil was as mad as a
March hare! About that last fact there
could be never the shade of a doubt.

  And the realization gave biting point
to another horrible suspicion that had
been floating through his mind for some
five minutes. Was he in a lunatic
asylum ?

  On the face of it, it seemed incredible;
and yet—well, there were people in the
place altogether too queer for comfort-
able association; and he must get out
and find his way home, and—ah!

  Here was another and smaller door!
He felt about it carefully. He felt
farther, and found what seemed to be
a turn in the hall, or a solid wall.

  At all events, this door was consider-
ably narrower; and—yes, it was bolted,
too. This must be the back stairway;
and perhaps it led to the street; and
perhaps he could—

  He shoved back the bolt and tried
the third knob. It gave way; and, hands
outstretched once more, he hurried for-
ward into the endless, purposeless space
before his blind eyes.

  A dozen feet, and Hoffman leaped
back instinctively; for, out of the gloom,
had issued a wild, animal-like snarl!

  For all resemblance to human sound,
it might have been a tiger or a lion!
On the other hand, there was a queer,
savage quality that resembled a demented
man’s voice; and — Hoffman was flat
upon the floor!

  Strong, wiry hands, following the
crash of a chair or a table, had gripped
him so suddenly, that resistance was out
of the question. Not altogether ignorant
of wrestling, he let go of his muscles,
and landed without a bruise—and, as
swiftly, he had bounced back to his feet,
and was reaching wildly around in the
darkness.

  The snarl came again, and with it a
rushing of light feet. The hands fol-
lowed, too, and all but had his throat
again; and the treasurer of the Galpin
Company found himself engaged, on the
second, in furious conflict.

  At the mildest, it was a wild sort of
WHEN THE CLOCK STOPS.

287

business, and one in which, palpably,
he must fight or be thrashed—and per-
haps killed. He caught himself in a
wild desire to scream for help, and put
all his mind to fighting the unseen thing
that was straining at him.

  Silently, pantingly, they gripped hard.
The other’s fingers slipped, and came
again to Hoffman’s neck. He caught
at the wrists, and secured them with’
wonderful alertness. He forced them
down and back; he managed even, by
releasing the one, to turn the other very
suddenly behind his demented antago-
nist’s back.

  He shut his teeth, and thrust out a
leg—and the invisible fighter was down
upon his face for the moment, and
struggling like a wild man. He was
rising, too, despite the well-held “ ham-
merlock ” ; in just a minute, if he main-
tained his strength, he was going to be
on top of Hoffman, with every prospect
of choking him to death.

  And indeed, what with years of desk
work, Hoffman felt himself giving out
rapidly, and—the door crashed - back to
the wall, and other steps were racing
toward the strugglers!

  There was an instant of furious pant-
ing. There was a sudden, tremendous
relief, as the form was dragged away
from him.

  There was an abrupt jerk, as Hoffman
was yanked bodily to his feet by two
pairs of hands and raced forward.

  And they were apparently out in the
corridor now—and now they were tear-
ing along the hall—and now he was
hurled headlong upon a bed, and hands
were holding him down.

  He tried to protest. His voice choked
for an instant; and then, before he could
speak, the no longer gentle tones of
Smith growled breathlessly into his ear:

  “ The next time you try that trick,
you’ll get vour skull cracked — hear
that?” '

  “ Say, for a blind man’s- home—” came
in a roar from Hoffman.

  “ This—ain’t any blind man’s home.
Bill! ” the snarl informed him viciously.
“ This is Dr. Blatchford’s private asylum
for the insane—and, if you ain’t less
buggy hereafter, you’ll get a jab of
morphine that’ll make you think you’ve
dropped into the Atlantic! Lie down
there! ”

                            (To be continued.)

WHEN THE CLOCK STOPS.

               By HOWARD DWIGHT SMILEY.

                   How the inventor with a grudge got even with
                   those who had turned the cold shoulder to him.

ELIHU BROOKS, inventor, stormed
furiously around the private office
of the president of the Acme Air-Brake
Company.

  “ Whose invention put you where you
are?” he demanded.

  “ Yours,” admitted the president with
an air of patient resignation.	>

  “ And you’ve made over a million out
of it, ain’t you? ”

  “ Something around that figure, I be-
lieve,” the president again admitted.

  “ Well, then, it seems mighty curious
that you can’t invest five thousand in my
top. Why, sir, it is the most remarkable
top ever invented. Spins for two hours.

Did you ever hear of a top that would
spin for two hours? You never did. If
I can get that top on the market it will
sell like hot cakes. Every man, woman,
and child in the world will want one,
and they will retail at a dollar each, too.
Seems to me that in view of the fact that
I made your old company what it is you
might finance this thing for me.”

  “ But, Mr. Brooks,” the president gen-
tly remonstrated, “ we bought your patent
outright and paid you cash for it. I
can’t see where we are under any obliga-
tions to you. Your top may be a good
thing, but it doesn’t look practical to
me. I don’t believe you can get anybody
288

THE ARGOSY.

to invest a dollar in a toy just because it
will spin for two hours. Who wants to
see a top spin for two hours? Your
proposition is altogether too foolish for
my consideration, and, as I am very busy
just now, I will bid you good morning.”
Without a word Mr. Brooks snatched
up his top from the desk and stalked an-
grily from the office.

  In turn he visited the offices of the
New Process Brass Company, the Briggs
Fire Appliance Company, the Gauss Au-
tomobile Brake Company, and half a
dozen other concerns, in a fruitless en-
deavor to raise funds to finance his top.

  At all of these places he was received
with due respect, for, indeed, it was to
the products of his fertile brain that each
of them owed its existence. However,
none of them could see their way clear
to invest five thousand dollars in Mr.
Brooks’s top.

  “ Then i’ll finance it myself,” he said
angrily as he strode out of the last office.
“ I know it’s a winner, and I’ll make a
fortune out of it; you see if I don’t.”
Now, Mr. Brooks, lacking the in-
stinct that makes men successful in a
business way, had never before attempted
to finance one of his inventions, but had
always been satisfied to sell his patents
outright for cash. The products of his
genius had made millions for other men,
but the inventor himself was in compara-
tively poor circumstances.

  True, he owned a beautiful home, sur-
rounded by spacious grounds, the value
of which was estimated at not less than
thirty thousand dollars. He also owned
a large store-building oil the main street
of the town, but as this had stood empty
for several years* it brought him no in-
come. Outside of these he was practi-
cally penniless. a

  Nevertheless, with absolute confidence
in the success of his enterprise, Mr.
Brooks mortgaged his home for five thou-
sand dollars, installed the necessary ma-
chinery in his empty store-building, em-
ployed several helpers, and set about
manufacturing tops.

  At the end of two months the inventor
had ten thousand tops finished, boxed,
and ready for shipment, and had used up
the entire five thousand dollars. Then
he suddenly discovered that he had made

no provisions for advertising and mar-
keting his stock.

  Reluctant to further mortgage his
home, he again made a round of his
friends in a fruitless endeavor to raise
funds. As before, they received him
kindly, but they were all of the private
opinion that the old gentleman had be-
come weak-minded in his old age, and'
they declined to risk a dollar in his enter-
prise, whereat the irate inventor vowed
dire vengeance on all of them, and pre-
pared to plaster another mortgage 011 his
home.

  Before he could do this, however, Mr.
Brooks was taken suddenly and serious-
ly ill.

♦When Dr. Harmon arrived and exam-
ined the old gentleman he looked very
grave, and sent a messenger for Drs.
Evans and Grant.

  After a thorough examination, and a
long private consultation in the next
room, the physician returned and informed
the patient that he was afflicted with an
incurable disease, and had less than a
month to live.

   Mr. Brooks Avas at first stunned by this
intelligence, but the philosophy of the
genius was his, and he quickly bacame
reconciled to his fate and set about pre-
paring for the end, with the same cool
deliberation that had marked all his ac-
tions throughout his career. He expressed
but one regret—that he could not live
long enough to get even Avith the men
Avho had grown rich through his inven-
tions, and had refused him aid in his
hour of need.

  For a week he did little except lie
quietly, apparently buried in deep thought
and contemplation. Then, one day his
housekeeper heard him calling excitedly.
When she reached his side she found the
old gentleman sitting up in bed, his face
filled with elation.

   “ I’ve got ’em! ” he cried exultantly.
“ I’ve got ’em ! ”

  “For the land’s sake!” gasped the
good Avoman. “ YouVe got Avhat?”

  “ Them,” answered the inventor enig-
matically. “ I want you to send for LaAV-
yer Patterson right off. I’m going to
make my will.”

  “ Humph ! ” sniffed the housekeeper.
“ I can’t see Avhy you should make such a
WHEN THE CLOCK STOPS.

289

  fuss over that. I thought you were having
  a. fit,” and she flounced indignantly from
  the room.

    Mr. Patterson arrived shortly after-
  ward, and remained closeted with his
  client for three hours. The housekeeper
  was called in once to witness the signing
  of the will, and then dismissed again;
  and when the lawyer finally emerged
  from the room he had a number of
  papers in his hand, and a grim, sardonic
  smile on his countenance.

    He appeared to be much amused over
  something, but made no comments.

    And the next day Elihu Brooks died.

II.

    When the contents of the will were
  made public, everybody in Ceresco’sat up
  and wondered. It was a most remarkable
  will. Those who had suspicioned that
  the old inventor’s mind had become weak-
  ened before his death wgre now con-
  vinced that they had made a correct sur-
  mise.

    Clyde Brooks, a young grofcery clerk
  of the town, nephew and only surviving
  refative of the inventor, was made the
  sole heir, with certain restrictions and
  conditions, to wit:

    He was to take immediate possession
  of the home and store. He was to oc-
  cupy the former until its disposal, as set
  forth in the will.

    He was then to take the large Swiss

*	clock, which stood in Mr. Brooks’s study,
  and place it in the show-window of the
  store, so that it could be plainly seen from
  the street.

    He was then to announce in the town
  papers that on a certain date he would
  place on sale ten thousand tops, the in-
  vention of the late Elihu Brooks, and
  would dispose of them as follows:

    The price of each top would be one
  dollar, and each, sale would entitle the
  purchaser to one guess as to what hour
  and minute the clock would stop. These
  guesses were to be registered in their
  order, and in case two or more contest-
  ants guessed the correct time the one
  registering his guess first would be the
  winner of the contest.

   The prize to the winne^ was Mr.
 Brooks’s tlnrty-thousand-dollar home!

     7 A

  W hen Clyde read these conditions he
made an indignant and vigorous protest.

  “ Why, Uncle Elihu must have been
crazy when he drew up that will,” he de-
clared to Lawyer Patterson. “ I won’t
stand for any such proceeding. It isn’t
legal. I’ll break the will.”

  “ You couldn’t do that,” the lawyer
informed him. “ Your uncle was privi-
leged to dispose of his property an he saw
fit. I helped him draw up the papers,
and I know that it is all perfectly legal.
But you go ahead and do as he wishes.
You’ll be satisfied in the end.”

   It took the lawyer the best part of two
hours to convince the young man that he
could not do other than follow out his
uncle’s wishes, but in the end Clyde
yielded to his arguments and agreed to
follow Mr. Brooks’s instructions to the
letter and accept whatever the transaction
yielded.

  Therefore, the next morning Clyde in-
stalled the clock in the store-window,
and inserted advertisements in the two
local papers announcing that the sale of
the tops and the guessing contest would
start promptly at seven o’clock the fol-
lowing Monday morning.

  The result was astonishing. The town
became immediately filled with excite-
ment. Crowds gathered before the store-
window to view the clock, while others
besieged Clyde and Mr. Patterson to
learn if the report was really true and
legal.

  On being assured that it was, they at
once lapsed into a deep and silent reflec-
tion in an earnest endeavor to figure out
just at what minute the clock would be
liable to stop.

  The prize was a beautiful old stone
mansion, ideally situated on a long, slo-
ping hill, overlooking Crystal Lake, and
surrounded by stately old oaks. It had
long been the envy of the wealthier resi-
dents of the town, many of whom had
made efforts to buy it, but without avail,
as the late owner had refused to sell at
any price.

  Therefore, when the opportunity pre-
sented itself to them to become the pos-
sessor of the property through the process
of merely guessing when a clock would
stop, at the rate of one dollar a guess,
everybody started guessing.
290

THE ARGOSY.

   Clyde reached his store at five-thirty
Monday morning, to get it in readiness
for the rush he anticipated. However,
early as it was, he found the president of
the Acme Air-Brake Company already
there and waiting for him.

  “How long have you been here?”
asked Clyde, noting the tired expression
on the other’s face.

   “ Since midnight,” answered the presi-
dent. “ I was determined to get the first
crack at this guessing contest.”

   Clyde opened the store, and the presi-
dent promptly made a purchase of one
thousand four hundred and forty tops,
and registered his guesses, one for each
minute of the twenty-four hours.

   “ There,” he remarked, as he finished.
“ I’ll bet I’ve got that place cinched now,
and at a mighty cheap price, too. Why,

I offered Brooks thirty-five thousand for
it, less than a year ago, and he refused.”

   “ Of course, you understand that there
is a five-thousand-dollar mortgage on the
place,” Clyde reminded him.

    I don’t care anything about that.
I’ll have it lifted within twenty-four
hours after the clock stops, and will be
moved into the house inside of a week.

   “ It was a rather mean trick to play on
you, though,” he added kindly to Clyde.
“ The sale of the tops won’t bring you a
third of what the home is worth. Of
course, it’s easy to see what your uncle’s
scheme was; he was very angry because
we refused to advance him money to
finance his tops, and he thinks he is get-
ting even by makng us buy them. Well,
I’m perfectly willing to do so, with the
inducements he offers.”

  At this point, the president of the
New Process Brass Company . arrived.
The first president greeted him deri-
sively.

   “ You’re too late, Jones,” he laughed.
“ I’ve got this game cinched already.”

  “ Oh, I don’t know,” answered Jones.
“ How’d you guess? ”

    I began at twelve, noon, and made
a guess for every minute of the twenty-
four hours.”

  “ Well, that don’t necesarilv win the
contest,” grunted Jones, turning to
Clyde, and pulling out his check-book.
“ You can send fourteen hundred and
forty tops around to my house, and put

me down for an equal number of guesses,
starting at one half minute past twelve,
and putting in the half minutes for the
full twenty-four hours. The seconds
count, 1 presume ? ”

  “ Certainly,” answered Clyde.

  More top customers began to arrive,
and the two presidents returned to their
homes.

  By noon the trade had grown so brisk
that Clyde had to call in help to assist
him in passing out the packages. When
he closed the store for the night, he
found that he had disposed of nearly
five thousand tops.

  Most of these had gone to the wealthy
manufacturers of the town, who had
bought them up in lots of five hundred
or more.

  The next day the trade was not so
brisk. The heavy guessing of the weal-
thier class had frightened off many of
the poorer people, who saw that they
had little chance of winning. However,
Clyde disposed of nearly one thousand
tops, and registered an equal number
of guesses. By the end of the week he
had less than five hundred tops on hand.

  Then Lawyer Patterson, who had been
an interested but silent watcher of the
proceedings, handed Clyde a letter, ad-
dressed to him in his uncle’s handwriting.

  “ A week from to-day I will hand you
another and last letter of instruction
from your uncle,” he informed the young
man.

  Clyde opened the letter, and read the
following:	*

  My Dear Nephew:

     I presume you have, by now, disposed
  of the bulk of my beloved tops; and, if
  I guessed right when I thought out this
  schcme for getting rid of them, most
  of them have been gobbled up by the
  scalawags who have become rich through
  my inventions, and turned me down
  when I most needed their help.

     Now, my boy, the first thing I want
  you to do is to wind up the clock, and,
  if any of the guessers object, inform
  them that you have wound it for the
  last time.

    Next, take as much as is necessary
  from the proceeds from the sale of the
  tops and pay off the mortgage on the
  house. Be sure to have that clear, first
  of all.

     Then I want you to send a draft for
WHEN THE CLOCK STOPS.

291

  two thousand five hundred dollars to
  the Jonesville Grocery Company, Jones-
  ville, Michigan. Mr. Patterson has
  written them, and they will understand.
  As soon after receiving the draft as
  possible they will ship you by freight a
  complete stock of groceries, wtiich you
  are to install in the store—your store—
  and then open up for business. You
  ought to be successful, as you have al-
  ready Jiad considerable experience in
  this line. And now, my boy, rest quietly
  until a week from to-day, when I will
  give you niy final instructions; and be-
  lieve me,

Your affectionate uncle,

'	Elihu Brooks.

  When Clyde .read that, he" felt that
he had another grievance.

  “ Now, see here, Mr. Patterson,” he
remonstrated, “ the money I’ve received
from the sale of those tops ought to
belong to me. If I pay off that mortgage
it will take over half of it. I can’t see
any reason why I should pay it. Let
the one who wins the contest do that.”
“What are you kicking about?” an-
swered Patterson. “ You’ve got a full-
fledged grocery stock, and over two thou-
sand dollars in cash left, haven’t- you?
You just trust your uncle and do what
he tells you to, and you’ll lie satisfied—
take my word for that.”

  Clyde was far from satisfied, how-
ever. He had wanted that home, and
had lost it; and now that he was com-
pelled to pay off the mortgage he felt
that his uncle was rubbing it in a little
harder than was necessary.

  Nevertheless, he followed out the in-
structions promptly. The mortgage was
paid next day, and the draft despatched;
and, by the middle of the week, the
stock of groceries arrived, and were
quickly installed in the store.

 When he looked them over and con-
sidered the matter, his bitter feelings
toward his deceased uncle softened a
little.

  Perhaps, after all, he was better off
than he would have been if his uncle
had simply willed him the home and
store; for, in that case, he would have
had a five-thousand-dollar mortgage to
pay, and would not have had a cent to
pay it with, and nothing left to start up
business.

  As he stood now, he was free from
debt, had a first-class grocery store, and
a substantial bank-account. Yes, after
all, perhaps it was for the best.

  As the week’s end drew near, large
crowds gathered in front of the store,
to watch the clock and speculate on
when it would stop. Clyde had dis-
posed of the last of his tops two days
before; the guesses were all in, and it
was now merely a matter of waiting
until the timepiece ran down.

  Saturday came, and with it Mr. Pat-
terson, with the final letter of instruc-
tions from Clyde’s uncle. When that
young man acquainted himself with the
contents, he nearly fainted from aston-
ishment. The letter read:

 My Dear Nephew:

    If I guess right, you have by now dis-
  posed of the last of the tops and my re-
  vdjiige is complete!

    You are, by this time, fully settled in
  your new grocery-store, and have plenty
  of cash with which to carry on the busi-
  ness. I hope that you will be success-
  ful, and that in time you will marry
  some nice girl and go to live in the old
  home—for, of course, you are to occupy
  that until the clock stops.

    The case for that clock was imported
  from Switzerland, but the works are my
  own invention, which I have never pat-
  ented or offered for sale. When you
  wound up the clock a week ago to-day,
  you did so for the first time it has been

•	wound in twelve years—and it is now
  wound up to run for one century.

   Wishing you much success and hap-
  piness, I am, -

Your affectionate uncle,

                      Elihu Brooks.

      INDIFFERENCE.

Let the world slide, let the world go;

A fig for care, a fig for wo!

If I can’t pay, why I can owe,

And death makes equal the high and low.

Thomas II eyuwod.
WANTED BY UNCLE SAM.*

By BERTRAM LEBHAR,

Author of “ The Jailbird,” “ When a Man's Hungry," “ The Isle of Mysteries," etc.

        Certain thrilling experiences that befell two army men and a sailor after they
        had left the service and looked forward to a peaceful civilian existence.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

    Frank Leffingwell and A1 Randolph, arriving ii> New York from the Philippines,
fall in with a sailor, Simon Semple, also just discharged. The three men pool their money,
which, together with their discharge papers, is stolen that evening from Leffingwell’s pocket.
They are accosted by a young woman who asks their protection from a man who is fol-
lowing her. The man, attempting to pass them, is knocked down by Randolph and taken
to the hospital with a fractured skull.

    Randolph is arrested, and his two friends leave him in jail to try to procure legal
help. Seeing in a paper an advertisement offering five thousand dollars for the capture
of a man named Mitchell, a deserter from Leffingwell’s regiment, they determine to earn
the reward. Semple. traces to the Gondola Apartment House, on Riverside Drive, the
young woman of their adventure, whose testimony they want in Randolph’s behalf. Mean-
while, Leffingwell interviews the writer of the advertisement, a Mr. Addison, who also
lives at the Gondola Apartments. He learns that Addison’s ward is in love with the
deserter, who, Addison believes, is planning to marry her for the fortune which is to be
hers on her birthday next month. Addison promises to put his own lawyer on Randolph’s
case if Leffingwell will aid him in capturing Mitchell.

    That night, as he leaves the Gondola, Leffingwell chances to notice a light flashed in
signal from the Jersey shore and answered from the windows of the apartment-house. He
and Semple row across the river, where they trace the light to a little shack. As they
approach the hut a bulldog rushes up|n them and fastens his teeth in Semple’s leg. At
the same time two armed men, one of whom is Mitchell, run from the hut and force them
to put up their hands. _

CHAPTER XIII.

THE TABLES TURNED.

MITCHELL’S companion gave a
sharp command to the bulldog;
and the latter, with evident reluctance,
relinquished his hold on Simple Simon’s
leg, and walked over to his master,
grumbling and growling, as though in
protest against this order.

  Leffingwell, greatly to his surprise,
then noticed, for the first time, that the
man was a Chinaman—a one-eyed China-
man, who wore clothes of American
style, and had discarded his pigtail.

  His amazement at this discovery was
cut short by the voice of Mitchell.

  “ So, it’s you, my dear friend Lef-
fingwell, is it?” sneered the deserter.
“ Why, this is indeed a great and glad-
some surprise. I can’t tell you how de-
lighted I am to see you. It’s so pleasant

*	Began March Argosy.

 to have one’s friends drop in unexpected-
 ly, you know. '

   “ By the way, let me introduce my
 good friend, ‘ Mr. Beem Nomm Low
 Wing. I believe you and your red-
 headed friend have already met. Now,
 that we’re all properly acquainted, we
 can converse without restraint. I trust
 that you and your friend are prepared to
 take off your hats and stay a while, my
 ' dear Leffingwell? ”

   The latter scowled.

   “ I wish you’d cut out this cheap sar-
 casm and get down to business,” he
 growled. “ I don’t know what you in-
 tend to do with us; but, whatever it is,
 hurry up and do it. That’s all I ask
 of you.”

   “ Now don’t be impatient, my dear
 Leffingwell,” said the deserter, in a mock
 tone of reproach. “ To be quite candid
 with you, I’m a little puzzled to know
 Single copies, 10 cents.

292 N
WANTED BY UNCLE SAM;	293

-	just what to do with you. I don’t
 exactly relish the idea of killing you,
 and yet I really don’t see what other
 course is open to-me.”

   “ Pooh ! ” exclaimed Leffingwell con-
 temptuously. “ We’re not afraid that
 you’re going to kill us. You’re too much
 of a coward, Mitchell, to run the risk
 of going to the electric-chair.”

   “ Oh, really, I don't think there’d be
 very much risk of that,” the deserter
 retorted smoothly. “ I could put a bullet
 into your head, and into the red head of
 your, friend here, and there’d be nobody
 to bear witness against me. My friend,
 Beem Nomm Low here, is too loyal to
 betray me; and, of course, the bulldog
 can’t talk. I guess I can put an end to
 the pair of you very nicely, without run-
 ning any danger of going to the chair
 for it.”

   “ But you won’t do it,” declared Lef-
 fingwell confidently. “ I know your
 caliber too well, Mitchell, to be afraid
 of you. You haven’t got enough nerve
 to do anything like that.”

   “ It isn’t exactly prudent of you to
 talk in that manner,” the deserter re-
 torted. “If you set any value on your
 life, and the life of your friend, you
 should not question my courage, you
 know. It isn’t good policy. Your words
 almost tempt me to pull this trigger—
 just to prove to you that I have got the
 nerve.”

   “ And I tell you again that you daren’t
 do it,” cried Leffingwell, with a defiant
 recklessness which caused Simple Simon
 to glance at him in surprise and trepi-
 dation.

   “ Whether you’ve got the nerve or
 not,” the latter hastened to interpose,
 addressing Mitchell, “ I’m sure you
 wouldn’t murder us In cold blood. You
 don’t want to forget that we had you in
 our power earlier to-day, and were merci-
 ful enough to let you go. One good
 turn deserves another, you know.”

   Simple Simon was no coward; but life
 .was dear to him, and he did not see the
 sense of throwing it away out of mere
 bravado. Not knowing Mitchell’s char-
 acter as well as Leffingwell knew it, he
 did not share the latter’s positiveness that
 the deserter was too much lacking in
 courage to make good his threat.

   “ I assure you that I have not for-

 gotten that favor, my red-headed friend,”
 Mitchell replied. “ But, on the other
 hand, I haven’t forgotten the emphatic
 kick with which our dear friend Lef-
 fingwell sent me speeding on my way.
 The recollection of that kick sort of
 takes away my gratitude. Besides, I
 have since learned that my dear Leffing-
 well has paid a visit to my sweetheart,
 and tried to blacken my character in her
 eyes.

  “ True, he did not succeed; but, never-
theless, I bear him a grudge for it. As
Shakespeare remarks: ‘ He who steals
my purse steals trash ; but he who robs
me of my good name,’ etc., etc.

  “ However, that is not the point. It
is not for the sake of revenge that I feel
constrained to kill you both, but merely
as a matter of self-protection.

  “ I very much fear that your object
in coining here now was not to pay me
a social call, but to seize me and hand
me over to tbe authorities, in order to
earn that big reward. Now, of course,
I can’t afford to let you do that. My
liberty is very dear to me, and I don’t
relish the idea of languishing in a mili-
tary prison.

  “Therefore, the question presents it-
self, what am I going to do with you
if I don’t kill you?”

  He pretended to deliberate for a full
minute, during which time Simple Si-
mon’s face wore a very anxious and ap-
prehensive expression, while Leffingwell’s
under lip curled in a contemptuous
smile.

  “ I have an idea,” cried the deserter
suddenly. “ I think I perceive a way
out of the difficulty. I will have to ask
you gentlemen to be kind enough to
step inside our humble little dwelling.
But, first of all, 1 must request my
friend, Beem Nomm Low, to search you
both—while you continue to keep your
hands above your heads, of course—in
order to make sure that you have no
weapons.”

  The one - eyed Chinaman obediently
made a careful examination of their
pockets, and reported that they carried
no arms.

  “ Very good,” Mitchell commented.
“ That being the case, I will not trouble
you to keep your hands up any longer.
It must be an uncomfortable position.
294

THE ARGOSY.

Be good enough to step this way, gentle-
men.”

  Once again Leffingwell had to struggle
with a wild impulse to hurl himself upon
the deserter and endeavor to wrest his
weapon from him.

  Hut he cheeked himself, with the rec-
ollection that Mitchell, although not
possessing nerve enough to shoot him
down in cold blood, doubtless would
not hesitate to commit murder, if it came
to a struggle. He realized that a coward
is ofttimes the most dangerous of men,
when rendered desperate.

  And, besides, the one-eyed Celestial
looked like a man who was prepared to
kill at the slightest provocation. His
features were sinister and absolutely mer-
ciless. Also, there was the savage bull-
dog to be reckoned with.

  Realizing that the odds were so greatly
against himself and Simple Simon, Lef-
fmgwell sullenly followed his companion
into the hut, the bulldog snapping sav-
agely at their heels, and the revolvers of
Mitchell and the Chinaman leveled at
their heads.

  As they entered the place, they saw
that it was a single-roomed structure,
the interior quite as wretched as the out-
side.

  The wooden walls were bare and
dirty; the rough plank floor was devoid
of carpet or oilcloth, and the only furni-
ture the room contained was a rusty
oil-stove, a dirty looking cot-bed, a small,
unpolished oblong table, and an old
cane chair, with the seat broken and a
rung missing.

  “ Welcome, my friends,” said Mitchell,
grinning as he noticed the look of sur-
prise with which Leffingwell regarded
these surroundings. “ 1 hope you will
be comfortable here, and manage to
make yourselves thoroughly at home,
for I am afraid I must a*k you to tarry
here for an indefinite period.

  “ Kindly go to that closet, my dear
Beem Nomm Low, and bring out the
coil of stout rope you will find there.
I guess we shall be compelled to bind
these gentlemen hand and foot, in order
to make sure that they do not wander
away; although, really, they would be
very foolish to try anything of that sort.
The dog’s teeth are very sharp—as our
red-headed friend knows—and he’ll be

on the alert all the time, ready to tear
them to pieces, if they try to leave.”

  The Chinaman opened the door of a
plain wooden closet, and produced there-
from a coil of strong rope.

  With this he securely bound the hands
and feet of Leffingwell and Simon, so
that the unfortunate men were unable
to move a limb; and then he tied them
in an upright position to two perpendic-
ular beams which supported the roof of
the structure.

  “ Very good,” commented Mitchell.
“ Now, I guess they’re just about as
helpless as two strong men could be.”

  He stood regarding his impotent vic-
tims with a look of infinite satisfaction
on his dissipated face.

  “ And now, old man,” he continued,
addressing the Chinaman, “ I guess you
and 1 can leave our two friends here,
while we take a trip to a safer part of
the country.

  “ Don’t hesitate to make yourselves
at home, gentlemen, while we are gone.
If there should be anything that you re-
quire, in the way of food or drink, just
ring for the butler, and he will cheer-
fully attend to your wants.

  “ By the way, you can exercise your
voices by shouting, if you wish'. There’s
nobody for miles around to be disturbed
by it, so you can yell all you want. Come
on, Beem Nomm Low, we won’t tarry
here any longer. Good-by, Leffingwell,
old boy. The next time we meet, I hope
to be married to a charming young
woman worth two million dollars.”

  With a laugh, he walked out of the
hut, followed by the one-eyed Chinaman.

  As the door closed behind them, Sim-
ple Simon looked at Leffingwell despair-
ingly.

  “ Looks to me as if„we’re in a pretty
bad fix,” he groaned. “ This rope is as
strong as double irons, and I guess that
rascal was telling the truth when he
said that there ain’t anybody around to
hear our shouts.

  “ Looks to me pretty much as if we’re
going to be here for days, and perhaps
weeks or months before anybody dis-
covers us; an’, in the meantime, we shall
perish from hunger and thirst.

  “ By the way, messmate, I wonder if
that cuss was serious when he told us
that if we wanted food or drink 'we
WANTED BY UNCLE SAM.

295

should ring for the butler! I’ll be jig-
gered if I cfn see any bell.”

CHAPTER XIV.

HELPLESS IN A HUT.

  In a frenzy of fury and despair, Lef-
fingwell tugged savagely at the ropes
which fettered his hands and feet, bind-
ing him to the perpendicular beam.

  “ ’Tain’t no use doing that, comrade,”
Simple Simon remarked sadly. “If you
was three times as strong as you are you
couldn’t bu’st them ropes. They’re too
darned strong. You’ll only exhaust
yourself by trying it. We’re in a bad
fix ; but it ain’t any use getting* excited
over it. Let’s take it calm and easy,
and hope that somebody will come and
rescue us before we die of starvation.”
“If only I knew where that dirty cad
Mitchell intends to go,” groaned Leffing-
well. “ That’s what’s worrying me. 1
don’t care about myself, or what happens
to me; but it makes my blood boil to think
that, after our rare good luck in catching
him for the second time to-day, he’s
managed to slip through our hands again.
What- blanked fools we were to come
here unarmed. If we had carried guns,
I feel confident that we could have got
the best of them.”

  “ We’d have stood an even chance, at
least,” Simple Simon agreed. “It would
have been a case of who could have fired
first, I guess. At any rate, if I’d had a
gun, I’d have put a bullet through the
ugly head of that darned bulldog. The
brute didn’t do a thing to my leg. It
feels mighty sore where he bit me.”

  “ We bungled the whole thing dis-
gracefully,” growled Leffingwell. “ We
rushed into this ambush like a couple of
blind mules. • We might have suspected
that Mitchell would be armed and on
his guard.”

  “ Well, we’ll know better next time,”
remarked Simple Simon, making an he-
roic effort to appear cheerful. “ It’s
no use worrying over what’s already hap-
pened. What’s done can’t be undone.”
“Next time?” queried Leffingwell
fiercely. “ There won’t be any next
time. Do you think we stand the ghost
of a show of catching sight of that cad
again? Now that he knows that we’re

on to the secret of this shanty, he won’t
be fool enough to come here any more.
The chances are that lie’s now on his
way out of town, and .won’t come back
to this city again until all danger is
over.”

   “ It’s too bad,” sighed Simon. “ By
 the way, messmate, I wonder who owns
 this here shack—Mitchell, or the one-
 eyed Chinaman? They make a mighty
 queer pair, I’m thinking. Wonder how
 the divvle they ever got together.”

   “ I don’t know, and I don’t care,”
growled Leffingwell. “ Such things don’t
interest me just now. What 1 want to
know is how we can get free of these
confounded ropes, and make after that
cad before he has a chance to get far
away. It seems to me that, with all your
experience on the seas, you ought to
know enough about ropes to be able to
suggest something.”

   “ My experience on the seas teaches
 me that, when a feller is lashed to a
 mast with ropes of the thickness of these
 here, he stands about as much chance of
 freeing himself as a rat in a trap,” re-
 torted Simon sadly. “ These knots was
 tied to stay, my lad. I give that there
 Chink credit for knowing how to tie a
 knot that is a knot. I shouldn’t be sur-
 prised to learn that he’s been a seaman,
 at some time or other.

   “ The only thing for us to do is to
 shout for help, I guess. ’Tain’t likely
 that it will do us any good; but we
 might as well try, anyway.”

   They shouted in unison; but the only
 response they obtained was the furious
 barking of the bulldog outside.

   They could hear the savage beast,
maddened by their shouts, hurling his
body against the closed door of the hut,
in a vain attempt to get in.

   “ We can thank our lucky stars that
 that door is closed,” remarked Simon,
 with a shudder. “ Bound and helpless as
 we are, we’d make a nice meal for that
 'vicious brute if he could get to us. I’m
 mighty thankful to them fellers for not
 leaving the door ajar.”

   “ Never mind the dog,” Leffingwell
commanded. “ Keep on shouting. If
only somebody would come along and
hear us! ”

   “ ’Tain’t very likely to happen, I’m
 afraid,” replied Simon. “That deserter
296

THE ARGOSY.

 chap said there wasn’t a soul for miles
 around, and I guess he told us the truth.

I hope that beast ain’t able to climb
through that there window,” he added
apprehensively. “If he does, we’re a
couple of goners.”

  “ He can’t climb through it,” Leffing-
well assured him. “ It’s too high from
the ground. Keep up the shouting.
Simon. It’s our only hope.”

  “ I don’t like to shout,” replied the
other timorously. “ It makes that beast
so mad. Listen to him howl. It gives
me the willies to hear him.”

  “ Pooh, ” exclaimed Leffingwell.
“ There’s no need to fear the dog. His
howl can’t do us any harm. He can’t
get inside.”

  “ Don’t be too positive of that,” said
Simon. “ I ain’t as sure as I’d like to
be that he can’t leap through that win-
dow. I’d rather face ten men, with
forty-eight-caliber guns in their hands,
than that dog. I’ve felt his teeth once,
and I’d rather stay here until I die than
have him take another bite out of me.”
But, despite his words, he joined Lef-
fingwell in calling for help; and the
desperate pair continued to yell for half
an hour, at the end of which time they
were so hoarse that tlev were compelled
to desist.

  “ Reckon it ain’t going to do any
good,” sighed Simon. “If we were
wrecked on a desert island, I guess we’d
stand about as much chance of attracting
anybody’s attention as we do here. I
guess we’re up against it good and hard,
old comrade, and must make the best
of it.”

  Gradually the howls of the bulldog
outside died down, until, at length, they
gave way to low growls, succeeded finally
by complete silence.

  *	Apparently, the brute had also given
up hope—hope of gaining access to the
interior of the hut, and hurling himself
upon his enemies.

  But, after a lapse of about ten min-
utes, the dog began to bark frantically
again, as though something was arousing
him to a fresh display of fury.

“Wonder what’s the matter with him
now,” whispered Simon. “ Can it be
possible that he bears anybody outside?”
“ Perhaps he does,” rejoined Leffing-
well hopefully. “ Let’s shout again; and,

for Heaven’s sake, yell as loud as you
can.”

  They called “ Help! Help! ” at the
top of their voices; and this time, to
their great joy, they heard an answering
shout outside the hut.

  “ This way men,” cried a deep bass
voice. “ They’re in this shack. Look
out for that dog! He seems to be vi-
cious.”

  As though in acknowledgment of this
compliment, the bulldog’s snarls sud-
denly became so ferocious that Simple
Simon’s blood came pretty near curdling.

  “ Get out of the way there, you ugly
beast,” cried another voice. “ Ha!
Would you? Not much. If you’re look-
ing for trouble you shall have it.”

  There was a particularly ferocious
snarl, a sharp report, a dismal howl, and
then an eloquent silence.

  “ That settles him,” said the man’s
voice. “ Sorry I had to kill him, but I
couldn’t help myself. You fellows saw
how he sprang at me. Owners of such
vicious dogs should keep them chained
up, or expect to have them shot.”

  “ Hooray! ” cried Simon exultantly to
Leffingwell. “ They’ve shot that darned
dog. Whoever that feller is, I’m his
friend for life for doing it.”

  “ Who are you in. there, and what’s
the matter with »you? ” shouted one of
the men outside. “ Open the door and
let us in.”

  “ We can’t,” cried Leffingwell. “ Our
hands and feet are bound, and we can’t
move. Break in the door and' release
us, for Heaven’s sake.”

  “ Better be careful there, fellows,”
somebody outside cautioned. “ This may
be a stall of some kind. Look out for
treachery.”

  “ Pooh! If they try anything of that
sort, we’ll fill every darn one of ’em full
of lead,” replied the deep bass voice
fiercely. “ Shove in the door, men, and
let’s sea what’s going on.”

  A second later the door came in with
a crash, and four uniformed men rushed
into the hut, each of them carrying a
revolver in his hand.

  “ We’re police officers,” announced the
man with the deep bass voice. “ What’s
the matter here?”

  “ Can’t you see what’s the matter,”
cried Leffingwell fretfully. “ We’re tied
WANTED BY UNCLE SAM.

297

up here like a couple of trussed turkeys.
For Heaven’s sake, man, get a knife and
cut us loose without any more delay.”
“Ha! Who’s responsible for this?”
demanded the deep-voiced man, who
seemed to be in command of the squad.

  “ A man named Mitchell and a one-
eyed Chinaman,” replied Leffingwell.
“ Hurry up and release us from these
confounded ropes, and we’ll explain
everything to you.^V

  The policemen produced jack-knives
and began to saw on the ropes. In a few
minutes Leffingwell and Simple Simon
were free, and began to thank their de-
liverers profusely.

  But the deep-voiced policeman cut
short their expressions of gratitude.

  “ Never mind thanking us,” he said
gruffly. “ We’ll, dispense with all that.
Tell us instead who you are, and how
and why this happened. You fellows
'don’t live in this place, do you?”

  “ No. We came over here in a row-
boat to catch Mitchell, who is a deserter
from the United States army, and was
living here with the Chinaman.”

  “ And Mitchell and the Chinaman
caught you instead, eh? ” said the police-
man, with a grin.

  Leffingwell nodded grimly.

  “ Yes. I wish to goodness you fel-
lows bad arrived here sooner. If you’d
come an hour ago we might have caught
the cad after all.”

  “ Well, you’re mighty lucky that we’re
here at all,” retorted the policeman. “ In
all probability you’d have been tied up
here for several days to come, if it hadn’t
been for the watchman of that boat-club
across the river.”

  “ Is that watchman responsible for our
being rescued?” cried Leffingwell in sur-
prise.

  “ Yes. You see, we belong to the
river-squad, and as our launch passed the
boat-house a while ago he hailed us and
told us of two suspicious men, who had
borrowed one of his boats. I guess-you
were the fellows, eh?

  Leffingwell nodded.

  “ Well, our suspicions were aroused,
and we decided to investigate. When
we came across your moored rowboat we
suspected something was wrong, and
landed to look for you and find out what
you were after.”

   “ I’m mighty glad you did so,” de-
 clared Leffingwell. “ 1 suppose there’s
 no chance of overtaking that deserter
 now, eh?” he added wistfully.

   “ I’m afraid not. Not unless you
 know in what direction he went. He
 may have crossed the river in a rowboat
 or launch, or he may have gone inland.
 In either event he’s had a pretty good
 start of us, and I reckon he’s miles away
 by this time.”

   “ Confound him! ” growled Leffing-
 well. “ I’d give my right hand to see
 that cad behind bars.”

CHAPTER XV.

AN IMPORTANT CLUE.

   Before leaving the hut the river-po-
 licemen made a thorough search of the
 premises, but the only objects of interest
 they discovered were the carriage-lamp
 which Mitchell had used for signaling,
 and a complete opium layout which they
 found in the closet.

   The latter, they guessed, was the
 property of the Chinaman; but there
 were two pipes in the set, and Leffing-
 well half suspected that Mitchell had
 been using one of them.

   He mentioned his suspicion to the
 leader of the police-squad, whose name,
 by the way, was Sergeant Nolan.

    The latter took the queer-looking, long
 bamboo tubes in his hand and examined
 them carefully.

   “ I shouldn’t be surprised if you’re
 right,” he commented. “ This pipe here
 has been used by a fellow new at the
 game. I can tell that by the amateurish
 way he’s handled his dope. I was de-
 tailed down in Chinatown for four years
 before I was sent to the river-squad, and
 there ain’t much about dope smoking 1
 don’t know.

   “ Of one thing I’m certain, though,”
 he added; “ and that is, that that de-
 serter chap has not been hitting the pipe
 to-day. If he had been smoking the stuff
 -within the past twenty-four hours he
 wouldn’t have possessed sufficient energy
 to be able to turn the tables on you when
 you broke in on him.

   “ Opium smoking makes a fellow
 drowsy and listless for hours afterward,
 especially a beginner. If that fellow had
298

THE ARGOSY.

been up against the dope to-day, you’d
have been able to take him, gun and all,
without a struggle on his part.”

  “Gee whiz!” exclaimed Leffingwell
disgustedly. “ What wretched luck I
have! ”

  “ Oh, well, you’ll probably get an-
other chance at him,” remarked the ser-
geant comfortingly. “ If your friend,
the deserter, has hit the pipe once he’ll
probably do it again. Once a man be-
gins to smoke that stuff he can’t keep
away from it, and the chances are that
before very long this fellow will go to
some dope-joint to roll pills and smoke
himself into insensibility.”

  “ I wonder what that girl will say
when she learns that her lover has be-
come a dope-fiend,” mused Leffingwell.
“ I must inform Mr. Addison of the fact.
It’s another strong point against Mitch-
ell, of course. I suppose, however, that
foolish young woman won’t believe it.
She’s so infatuated with that scoundrel
that even if she saw him with the pipe
to his lips I guess she’d refuse to believe
the evidence of her own eyes.”

  “If I were you,” went on the ser-
geant, “ I’d spend a few nights in Chi-
natown. I think you stand a good chance
of running across either your deserter or
the one-eyed Chinaman or both of them
down there, sooner or later.”

  “ Then you don’t think he’s gone far
away from New York, eh?” inquired
Leffingwell eagerly.

  “ Well, that depends- upon how much
of a scare your unexpected visit gave
him. Of course, there are Chinese quar-
ters in other cities, and he and his Chink
friend may have fled to one of these. I
think, however, that there’s about an
even chance that they won’t bother to
leave New York, but inside of a few
hours will steer for the nearest place
where they can get opium, which, of
course, is Chinatown.”

  “ Do ye think there’s a chance of their
coming back here?” broke in Simple
Simon.

  The sergeant shook his head.

  “ I hardly think they’ll dare to re-
turn,” he replied. “ Although, of course,
there’s a slight possibility of it. There’s
110 telling what crazy chances men will
take when the dope habit has unbalanced
their brains. It’s likely, though, that

they wouldn’t have gone away and left
you here bound and helpless, unless they’d
fully made up their minds to desert this
place for good. .

  “ But ain't it strange that they should
have left that there confounded bulldog
and this here opium layout behind them,
unless they intended to come back? ”
argued Simple Simon.

  “ Well, that does seem somewhat odd;
but, of course, they way have decided to
get rid of the dog,” replied the sergeant.
“ As for this layout, they may have for-
gotten about it in the excitement of the
moment, or they may have reckoned that
it wasn’t worth the bother of carrying
away.

  “ This is a pretty cheap outfit, and
they can easily get another one like it
for a few dollars. It wouldn’t be worth
their while to run the risk of being
nabbed by coming back for it.”

  “ Then you wouldn’t advise us to wait
here for the rest of the night on the
chance of their returning,” inquired Lefj
fingwell.

  “No. I think you’d have your wait
for nothing. Even if they come back at
all, they ain’t likely to do so to-night. If
they haven’t beaten it to some other city,
they’re far more likely to go down to
Chinatown to-night than to return to
this shack. No doubt that one-eyed Chi-
naman is well acquainted in the Chink
section, and he’ll take that deserter to
some joint down there where they can
pass the night in safety.”

  “ Very good,” said Leffingwell grimly.
“ Then we’ll go to Chinatown right
away. If that cad is there I’m going to
get him to-night if I have to visit every
den in the section.”

  “ I suppose you know the district
pretty well, eh?” the sergeant inquired.

  “ No. I’m sorry to say I don’t. I’ve
-only been there three or four times in
my life,” replied Leffingwell.

  “ And I haven’t been there even that
much,” added Simple Simon.

  The sergeant gave a roar of laughter.

  “Do you hear that, men?” he asked,
turning to his subordinates. “ Here’s a
young man who’s only seen Chinatown
three or four times in his life, and yet
he talks about going down there and get-
ting his man, just as if it was as easy as
picking plums out of a pie.”
WANTED BY UNCLE SAM.	299

  The other policemen*echoed his laugh.
“ He stands a swell diance,” drawled
one.

  “ I should say so,” declared the ser-
geant. “ You’d better get somebody to
show you around, my boy,” turning to
Leffingwell. “ Otherwise, you stand a
mighty poor chance of finding your
man. Those Chinks can hide a chap so
completely that even a bloodhound
would have difficulty in tracking him
down.

  “ I’ll tell you what I’ll do,” he added
impulsively. “ I cfon’t know why you’re
so particularly keen on catching this de-
serter chap” (he had not seen the ad-
vertisement in the newspaper, offering
the five thousand dollars reward) ; “ but
1 kind of like the looks of the pair of
you, and I feet'disposed to help you.

  “ The day after to-morrow I’ll have a
night off, and, if you like, I’ll make an
appointment to meet you, and take you
through Chineeville.”

  “ I’d be glad to accept your kind
offer,” replied Leffingwell; “ but really
I can’t afford to wait until the day after
to-morrow. That fellow may be down
there to-night, and, if so, I must get
him before he has a chance to get
away.”

  “ Well, I guess you’ll find you won’t
be able to accomplish anything alone;
but, of course, you’re welcome to try it.
and I wish you luck. We’re going back
to the launch now. Want us to give you
a lift to the other side of the river?”

  “ Thanks. We’d like to avail our-
selves of your invitation; but we prom-
ised to return that rowboat to the
watchman of the boat-club and—”

  “ Oh, that’s all right,” the sergeant
interrupted him; “ we’ll attend to that.
We’ll take the boat in tow of our launch
and see that it’s returned all right.
Come along, men. It’s high time we
were moving.”

  Leffingwell and Simple Simon stepped
into the police launch, and were taken
across to the New York shore. Nor
was this the only courtesy which the
river-policemen accorded them.

  Upon learning that Simple Simon had
been bitten by the Chinaman’s bulldog,
one of the men, who possessed some sur-
gical skill, washed and dressed the
wound aboard the launch, applying a

bandage as skilfully as any surgeon
could have done; but, at the same time,
he advised Simple Simon to go to a hos-
pital as soon as possible, and have the
wound examined, in order to make sure
that there was no danger of hydrophobia.

  “ Well, after all, our luck isn’t so
bad, is it, old man ? ” observed Leffing-
well cheerfully, as they stood on the
bank watching the police launch disap-
pear up the river.

  “Bad! I should say. not,” cried
Simon. “ Seems to me we’ve got more
good luck than sense. Who’d have
thought we’d have got out of our
troubles so easy? An hour ago I
thought for sure we were doomed to die
of starvation in that confounded hut.
We’re mighty fortunate to have escaped
so easy.”

  “ Pooh! 1 wasn’t alluding to that,”
replied Leffingwell. “ What I meant
was that we’re lucky that that opium
layout was found in the hut. If it hadn’t
been for that discovery, we’d have had
no reason to suspect that Mitchell and
that one-eyed Chinaman were dope-
smokers, and that in all possibility
they’ve fled to Chinatown to spend the
night in some dope den.

  “ It looks as if Dame Fortune, with
unusual generosity, is going to give us
another chance to catch that cad; for,
somehow, I feel positive we’ll find him
in Chinatown to-night, and, if we do,
he’s not going to get away this time,
I promise you.”

CHAPTER XV I.

IN CHINATOWN.

  “ Messmate,” said Simple Simon to
Leffingwell, as the pair climbed the
steep embankment of Riverside Drive,
“ do you think we’re doing the wise
thing in going down to Chinatown to-
night? Don’t you think we’d do better
to wait until to-morrow ? ”

  “ Wait! I should say not,” replied
Leffingwell emphatically. “ To-morrow
night may be too late. There’s nothing
like striking while the iron is hot.”

  “ But think of the danger! ” pro-
tested Simon earnestly. “ That deserter
chap and his one-eyed Chinee friend arc
armed, and we ain’t. If we should run
300

THE ARGOSY.

across them down there, they probably has promised to c?ome to his rescue, and
wouldn’t hesitate to put daylight through is going to put®is case in the hands of

us this time.”

  “ Pshaw! I’m not afraid of that,”
exclaimed Leffingwell. “ It’ll take more
than a gun to scare me next time I get
within hailing distance of that cad. I
didn’t think ypu were such a coward,
Simple.”

  “ I don’t think I’m a coward. I
guess I’ve got as much courage as the
average man; but I can’t see the sense

a good lawyer, and pay all expenses.

  “ You see, therefore, that even if
anything does happen to us, A1 will be
looked out for. If you wish, however,
you can stay here and try to get an in-
terview with that girl in the morning,
and I’ll go down there alone.”

  “ I guess not,” replied Simple Simon
indignantly. “If you go, I’m going
too, of course. After all, there’s some

of throwing our lives away; and, in my	consolation in knowing that even though

opinion, any unarmed man >vho deliber-	those fellers have got guns, they ain’t

ately goes up against an enemy who has	got that there confounded bulldog with

a loaded gun is doing just that.”	them this time. Besides, we may not

“ Pooh! You weren’t always so pru-	succeed in finding them,” he added hope-

dent, Simon. I haven’t forgotten the	fully.

circumstances under which we first met	“ Oh, we’ll find them, all right,” de-

you. You broke up that meeting of	clared Leffingwell confidently. “ I feel

rabid anarchists, and were willing to	it in my bones that we’re going to gtet

fight the whole savage crowd by your-	that cad this time. Well, if you insist
self. And to think that it is such a man—on coming along, old man, let’s be start-

who now has the nerve to preach pru-	ing. We haven’t any time to lose.”

dence and caution to me!”	Half an hour later, they found them-

  “ That was different,” replied Simon
earnestly. “ I only had myself to think
of then; and in my rage I didn’t care
what happened to me, but now we’ve got
to think of our messmate in prison. Re-
member,- he relies on us to help him out
of his trouble.

  “ By a rare stroke of luck, I’ve man-
aged to find out where that there young
woman lives. To-morrow we must get
an interview with her, and do our best
to persuade her to go to court and testify
in his favor. That’s more important
than capturing that deserter, to my mind.
If we come across those fellers, and get
shot dead by them, what’s going to be-
come of our messmate? Who’s going to
look.out for him?”

  “ Well, we must take care to see that
we don’t get shot dead,” replied Lef-
fingwell calmly. “If we find Mitchell
and his one-eyed companion in a dope-
joint, the chances are, as that police
sergeant said, they’ll be so much under
the influence of the drug, when we break
in on them, that they won’t be able to
move a hand, and we’ll'have no difficulty
in taking their weapons away from them.

  “ Besides, I’ve got some good news
for you about Al. I have not told you
yet that R. A., who is a very rich man,

selves in that queer section of New York
which the resident Chinese have trans-
formed into a town of their own.

  They walked through the narrow,
crooked streets, staring at the odd-look-
ing buildings, and boldly entering every
dive, chop-suey joint, and “ gin-mill ”
to which they were able to obtain ad-
mission ; but not a clue could they dis-
cover as to the whereabouts of the man
for whom they were searching.

  At one time their hopes mounted
high, for their nostrils suddenly caught
the pungent odor of opium in process of
burning, and eagerly they rushed up a
rickety, uncarpeted stairway, confident
that at length they had found the de-
serter.

  “ Careful! ” whispered Simple Si-
mon to Leffingwell, as the latter placed
his hand upon the latch of a door from
beyond which tlie opium fumes were
issuing. “ Remember that they’re armed,
and they may not be thoroughly under
the influence of the dope yet. Hadn’t
we better wait until they’ve smoked a
little more. We—”

  But, ^paying no heed to this prudent
warning, the eager Leffingwell turned
the handle of the door and rushed into
the room.

{To be continued.)
A TALE OF THE BOTTLE.

By GEORGE M. A. CAIN.

                  The sudden recollection that sent a bookkeeper back
                  across the ferry toward home in double-quick tirfte.

MITH’S hand trembled a little as
he took up his pen to go to work
on the long columns of figures. There
were deep rings under his eyes. His
cheeks had grown flabby these last weeks,
as though the flesh had drawn away
from a skin that used to fit.

  A grayish pallor had taken the place
of the fine color which office confinement
had never been able to destroy.

  “Aha!” you say. “Same old thing;
one of those long, hard sprees that send
a man to the alcoholic ward.”

  “ Aha,” • I reply, “ you’d better put
your money on a horse that is named on
the card. You need several more
guesses. Mr. Smith never got off the
front seat of the water-wagon in his life.
Why, he fought like a mad bull when
they made him take whisky to bring him
out of a chill, two years before .this
story begins.”

  No, the truth of the matter is that
Smith had a baby just six weeks old.

If you had possessed a bare speaking
acquaintance with Smith, you would
have known that. Every one at the
office knew.

  Every one knew just how much it
weighed the day it was born ; just how
much more the next day; just how much
less the third day; just how much—and
so on for six times seven days.

  Every one knew that Smith was afraid
to trust the nurse, or even his wife, to
prepare the milk for that precious child’s
bottles. Every one knew how much he
had to pay for certified milk, how many
ounces from the top of the bottle he
took, how much water and milk-sugar
and lime-water and barley and all the
rest of it went into each day’s supply of
infant food.

  Every one knew just how many hours
Smith had walked the floor with his
first-born the previous night.

  But what you would not have known

301

011 that particular morning — what no-
body knew — was that Smith had poi-
soned his baby’s food. Smith did not
know it himself when he came in.

  On the train his mind had been occu-
pied, as usual of late, with thoughts of
the preparation of “ modified milk ’’
formulae, and there had come a vague
feeling that, in putting up the day’s
foftd this morning, he had done some-
thing unusual. Wherefore, while his eye
sought an elusive twenty-cent error in
yesterday’s accounts, his thought searched
his memory to discover just what he had
mixed into his baby^JMnilk.

  His finger reached the middle of the
dime column for the sixteenth time just
as his mind recalled exactly what he had
done amiss. The pallor deepened on his
face. His finger shook away over into
the thousand-dollar row. Then it helped
the rest of his hand fish his watch from
his pocket.

  Eight forty - five — Heavens! The
baby’s first feeding from this morning’s
preparation would be due at nine. Yes
—and he had put an extra powder into
that mixture—about one or two tea-
spoonfuls.

  And the only extra powder around the
baby’s things was boracic acid. He was
sure of it. He had kept all those things
separate. He knew just what was there.

  He rushed to the telephone and called
up a number in Harlem.

  “ Louise—Louise,” he cried as soon as
he heard the snap caused by the removal
of the receiver at the other end.

  “ My name is not Louise,” came back
frigidly, and there was another snap as
the receiver went back on its hook.

  Then he remembered that he had
moved to Hackensack a month before
the baby was born.

  There was no telephone in the Hack-
ensack house, but the drug-store on the
nearest corner would take a message.
302

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Give me 15 A Hackensack,” he
shouted into the mouthpiece.

  While be waited for a reply, he
watched the big hand of his timepiece
reach for and cover the figure “ XI.”

  “I find 15 A’s busy,” came back at
last. “ I’ll call you.”

  At ten-second intervals, Smith repeat-
ed his call—ineffectually. It was one
minute to nine when Central said sweet-
ly : “ There’s your party; go ahead.”

  'There was a great roar in Smith’s ear.
Some one was yelling “ Hallo! ” at the
top of his voice. Smith yelled back.
The halloing continued until the precious
minute was up. The party at the other
end then moderated his voice enough-to
make Smith understand.

  “ You’ll have to wait till Mr. Pilham
comes back. I’m his father — but I’m
deaf. There’s just been another party
trying—”

  Smith dropped the receiver on to the
hook. It was too late.

  His boy—the heir to his life-insurance
—the future bishop, governor, Presi-
dent, financial magnate—was—a goner.

  No. There was still a little hope.
Boracic acid was not labeled “ Poison.”
Probably it was not so terribly virulent.
Perhaps, if he could get word home in
half or thfee-quarters of an hour, a doc-
tor could be got who would be able to
do something.

  A telegram! No; he could reach
home before a telegram could arrive.

  All he said to the boss was, “ I must
go—my baby’s dying.” He waited not
to hear words of sympathy.

  He ran to the ferry-house, and just
caught the 9.15 boat. As he took his
seat he got out his time-table and found
that the next train left at 10.15.

  The majority of the morning trains
run into, and not out of, the city. He
must send the telegram, and take . a
chance on its reaching home in time.

  He was the first man off the boat at
the Jersey City slip. He gave one of
the deck-hands a half dollar to let him
through the gate, and made a flying leap
when the boat was full two yards from
the float.

  By the time the other passengers were
starting up the walk, he was trying to
control the shake in his fingers and form
the words of the message home.

  “ Baby is poisoned,” he wrote. “ Get
the doctor immediately.”

 “ How quick can you rush that
through ? ” he asked of the operator.

  “ In two minutes,” was the reply.
Smith pulled out his watch, when it
occurred to him that he would probably
scare his wife to death with such a mes-
sage.

' “ Have you got that off yet? ” he cried
to the man whose finger was working
rapidly on the telegraph-key. There was
a moment’s pause before the telegrapher
replied: “Just finished it, sir. I was
lucky to get a clear wire in a hurry.”
“Gracious!” shouted the husband
and father. “ You’ve probably killed
my wife with fright. Why couldn’t you
wait a minute?”

  “ Why,” exclaimed the operator in
astonished, wrath, “ you blanked idiot,
you told me to send it in a hurry. What
do you mean? ”

  But Smith did not hear him. He was
busy writing another message.

  “ I put boracic acid in food. Doctor
can save him,” he scrawled.

  He handed the operator a dollar bill
with the yellow slip, whereupon that in-
dignant gentleman swallowed his anger
and rushed through the second message.
Smith wondered whether this one would
follow the first immediately, or have to
wait for a messenger-boy to stroll back
from his house to get it.

  Up and down the vast waiting-room
he paced wildly. Once he counted his
ready cash, with a view to hiring a
special train. He concluded that ten
dollars would hardly induce the com-
pany to accommodate hpi thus.

  So he watched the sign-boards over
the gates. Each one he committed to
memory, then reread forty times before
it was removed.

 His mind was in an agony. One
minute he would imagine he saw his babe
in the throes of convulsions. Next min-
ute he decided that the acid would prob-
ably send the child out of this world in
silent, deadly sleep.'

  As he walked to and fro he overheard
two guards holding a whispered con-
sultation as to whether he was an es-
caped inmate from some asylum, whom
they ought to turn over to the station
police.	t
  Just about tbat time another guard
leisurely shoved signs into a big bul-
letin-frame and over one of the gates,
indicating that the N. Y., S. and W.
train, for a dozen other stations and
Hackensack, was in condition to receive
prospective passengers.

  Once more he was the first man.
through the gate. But he had to wait
for tbe train to start, exactly like every
one else. In his case, that meant a wait
of fifteen minutes.

  There was a delay of two minutes
more in getting out of the station-yards.
There were five stops before Hacken-
sack, and Smith thought he had never
seen so many people getting 011 and off,
so much baggage to be handled at each
stop.

  But there was no wreck. Neither of
the bridges was washed away, or opened
to let a stray catboat pass. There were
two tracks, and the train did not have
to switch for others. It eventually
reached. Hackensack at four minutes
past eleven.

  Smith sprinted up Main Street at a
pace that almost aroused that busy
thoroughfare from its repose. As he
turned the corner into Pleasantdale
Avenue, he caught sight of the ambling
figure of a messenger-boy ahead.

  From the opposite corner fi small auto-
mobile sped toward him, regardless of
the regulations of the town council.
The automobile, tbe boy, and Smith ar-
rived at the front steps of his home
simultaneously. Also simultaneously,
Mrs. Smith opened the door and looked
wildly at the three.

  Everybody spoke at once:

  “ Oh, what have you done! Oh, doc-
tor, save my child! ” wailed Mrs. Smith.

  “What you been doing to your baby?”
asked the doctor in his easy-going, un-
alarmed, professionally offhand manner.

  “ Message for Mrs. Smith,” announced
the boy, as though he were by far the
most important individual around.

  “ Thank God, he’s still alive! ” shout-
ed Mr. Smith.

  For, above the questions and an-
nouncements, powerful enough to have
drowned out all these sounds, the in-
articulate shrieks of Baby Smith could
be heard. If Mr. Smith had not been
puffing so loudly, he would probably

have heard his son and heir by the time
he was half-way home from the station.

All went inside, still talking—all but
the messenger-boy. He was left behind.

  Finding himself thus neglected, he
took possession of one of the chairs on
the veranda, and, to keep from growing
impatient with the delay, took out the
yellow volume from his pocket and be-
gan to read where the hero, with a
mighty leap, bearing the heroine in his
arms, cleared the bottomless chasm and
hid himself and his sweetheart in the
long swamp-grass on the other side, just
in time to escape the villainous pur-
suers.

  Mrs. Smith began to talk again—or,
rather, continued to talk:

  “Oh, dear, what shall we do? What
shall we do? Everything is all ready,
doctor. There is a boiler full of hot
water for a bath. The mustard is there
—I put a mustard-plaster on his stom-
ach. There are three rolls of bandages
and two fresh rolls of absorbent cotton
and—”

  The doctor repeated his question:
  “What was it you gave him?”

  Smith answered in a sepulchral tone
of deep despair: “ It was boracic acid.
Do you think you can save him?”

  The doctor paused with an expression
of disappointment on his face.

 “Boracic acid? Umm-mm-mm. How
much of it did you give him? ”

  “ I think it was a teaspoonful,”
mourned Smith. “Is there any hope?”
“ No-o, I hardly think—”

  “ Oh, don’t say that — don’t tell me
my baby—” wept Mrs. Smith.

  “No-o; I was just going to say, I
don’t know as that would hurt him par-
ticularly. Might cause a slight disturb-
ance. What else—how much other stuff
was there to dilute the boracic?”

  “ Nine ounces of ten-per-cent milk,
one and one-half ounces each of milk-
sugar, and lime-water, twenty ounces of
boiled water.” Smith rattled off the
well-known formula automatically.

  The latter portion of the receipt had
to be delivered in a roar. They had
entered the room where the small pa-
tient was making known his distaste with
things as they are.

  Whether he was dangerously poisoned
or not. he was highly uncomfortable.
304

THE ARGOSY.

His clothes had been removed, and re-
placed with an assortment of pink and
blue blankets, from which a very red
head and a very loud noise proceeded.

  “ Um-mm-mmph! ” grunted the phy-
sician again, rather louder than the
former grunt. “ How many feedings of
this mixture with boracic acid have you
given? ”

  Smith looked at his wife. She lodked
at him.

  “ I put the acid in this morning’s
preparation,” Smith explained.

  “ Why,” exclaimed his wife, “ I
haven’t given him any of that yet. He
didn’t wake up till half past ten, and
just as I got the bottle warmed to give
him, your telegram came.”

  Mrs. Smith’s voice rose with the color
in her fair cheeks.

  “ And you, Tom Smith, made me all
this trouble—made me take all the skin
off his poor little stomach for nothing.
You wretch—you—” ■>

  “ A little sweet oil and cotton will
fix that all right, Mrs. Smith,” broke in
the doctor. “ I guess all I can do is to
tell you to mix him some food and give
it to him. By the way, did you try that
sugar of magnesia I told you to get yes-
terday?”

  He had to wait for a reply. Smith’s
jaw had dropped to an angle where
speech was impossible. At last he came
to sufficiently to stammer in a hoarse
whisper:

  “ Sugar of magnesia—sugar of mag-
nesia—why—why—why, that was the

extra powder I put in this morning. 1
knew I had added something. I—I
thought—I forgot the magnesia, and
thought it must be boracic acid.”

  Five minutes later, Baby Smith, his
rather raw stomach wrapped in oil and
cotton, clothed, and in his right mind,
so far as he had any, was peacefully
pulling at the rubber nipple of a warm,
white bottle. Mrs. Smith was gradually
coming around under treatment with an-
other bottle—of porter.

  Mr. Smith had started to see the doc-
tor to his automobile, and found the boy,
disgruntled over the interruption, just
where the Indian ambush began to fire
upon the fugitive hero and heroine. The
doctor’s chauffeur got the machine
cranked up as Smith finished signing for
the second of his telegrams.

  “ Say, Mr. Smith,” the physician
paused to utter, and his tone was very
grave and earnest, “ what became of
that nurse I recommended to you?”

  “ Why,” explained Smith, “ there was
so little for her to do—I suppose my
wife gave her a day off.”

  “ Well, look here! When she gets
back, you give her my prescriptions for
that baby’s food. And you let her make
them, and take care of him—wash him,
dress him, feed him — and all the rest.
Do that, or get another doctor to look
out for your family. Do you under-
stand?”

  Smith said he understood. Then the
doctor told his chauffeur to proceed on
his way home.

NOT FOR SALE

               By ELBERT D. WIGGIN,

                        Author of “ Nobody’s Fool.”

   The series of misadventures set on foot for one Austrian lieutenant
   of hussars after he had fallen in with an American party of three.

CHAPTER XVIII.

WHERE THE CHASE ENDED.

CAXTON’S breezy personality and
democratic way had won him the
favor of his keepers, and he was granted
a good many privileges about the prison,

being, indeed, allowed within certain lim-
its to do just about as he chose.

  One of these privileges was the free-
dom of the corridor, and he had occu-
pied a good part of the time during his
incarceration in walking up and down it
for exercise, or halting before one of the

* Began February ABG08T. Single topie», 10 cent!.
NOT FOR SALE.

305

cells to engage its inmate in welcome
conversation.

  This last afternoon of his stay, how-
ever, he had little to say to any of his
fellow prisoners, being entirely engaged
in a consideration of the problem which
he had set for himself with Muriel.

  Up and down the restricted space he
paced accordingly, his eyes bent upon
the floor, his hands clasped meditatively
behind his , back; but the harder he
thought, and the more he cudgeled his
brains, the farther away seemed'any plan
which appealed to him as at all feasible.

   At last, out of his very desperation, a
whimsical idea suggested itself. Why
not take counsel of one of these crimi-
nals by whom he was surrounded? Their
lives were spent in the continual effort
to evade detection and pursuit. Who,
then, more likely to comprehend the
wiles and feints to which Von Altdorlf
would resort, and how best to circumvent
them ?

   Was it not an old axiom, **• Set a rogue
to catch a rogue ”?

  The more he dwelt upon the notion
the more sensible did it appear; so he
finally decided to try it, and after men-
tally running over in his mind the vari-
ous prisoners, to determine which one
most closely resembled Von Altdorff in
type, he selected as his mentor a hard-
ened ruffian, known to local fame as
Der Schnable, from the size of his nose.

  Der Schnable was a churlish, scowling
blackguard, who, according to the police,
stood ready to commit any crime for the
sake of a few florins, and who, in fact,
had been charged at various times with
about every offense in the calendar; but
so wily had he proven himself in his evil-
doing, and so well did he recognize the
advisability of keeping a still tongue in
his head, that often as he had been ar-
rested he had never yet suffered a con-
viction.

  He was in jail now upon suspicion of
complicity in a particularly flagrant high-
way robbery, which had taken place on
one of the main avenues a few evenings
before; but secure in the knowledge that
the authorities had no real proof against
him, he had resisted all attempts to ex-
tort a confession from him in the Aus-
trian equivalent for the “ third degree,”
and now, still wrapped in his mantle of
8 A

disdainful silence, was serenely awaiting
his inevitable release.

  Constantly on guard, he was never
known to speak to the keepers or, indeed,
•to any of his fellow prisoners, save in an
occasional growling monosyllable; but
no one could resist 'Caxton’s blithe face
and engaging greeting, and, to the sur-
prise of the entire prison, Der Schnable
had the day before returned a gruff
“ Good morning ” to the American’s salu-
tation.

  With this as an entering wedge, and
the exchange of cigarette papers and
tobacco to facilitate friendly feelings,
Caxton bravely assaulted the fellow’s im-
penetrable reserve and, before they part-
ed, actually led him into quite a little
chat—mainly one-sided, it is true, but
nevertheless responded to with a certain
hesitating amiability.

  Only indifferent subjects had been
touched upon then, of course, and
whether the man would discuss questions
of a professional character was very
problematic. Still, Caxton told himself
that he could but try, and he was certain
that if Dcr Schnable would consent to
open up, a very mine of criminal strategy
would be exposed to him.

  He had, too, one very strong point of
vantage; for he had learned in the pre-
vious interview that the rascal was very
curious about America, having a more or
less well-defined idea of, emigrating
thither, in order, as he said, to escape the
persecution of the police.

  Therefore, in accosting him again,
Caxton led the talk diplomatically to his
native land, and dilated enthusiastically
upon the success which might await an
ambitious foreigner there, especially if
backed up by so rich and influential a
personage as himself.

  “ I’ll have a line of immigration offi-
cers stretched out clear across New York
Bay to intercept him, if he ever ventures
to start,” he muttered under his breath;
“ but, Heaven forgive me, I’ve got to
pretend now that we would regard him
as an original prize package.”

  “ Why, by Jove!” he exclaimed aloud,
“ I wouldn’t be surprised, old man, to
see you on the New York police force
within a month or two after you land.
Wouldn’t that be a jolt to these folks
over here that have been running you
306

THE ARGOSY.

down, and continually giving you the
worst of it? ”

  “ Ah! ” Der Schnable showed his
blackened fangs in a gratified smile.

“ That would please me well, mein herr.
A policeman, eh? A detective? Ah,
yes, I should make a fine success at that.”

  “ Do you believe so? Well, now, come
to think it over, I’ll bet you would.
And, by the way,” carelessly, “ I wonder
if you couldn’t help me out on a little
problem in that line I’ve been puzzling
over quite a good deal.

  “ About a month ago, you must un-
derstand, a friend of mine mysteriously
disappeared. The general public believe
that he left of his own free will—eloped,
in fact; but I know that he was assaulted
by two men, and carried away a prisoner
to another part of the city.”

  There was a quick, involuntary twitch
of the listener’s shoulder, and his glance
recoiled for just the fraction of a second.

   “ I am afraid I could make nothing- of
such a case,” he muttered. “ It is too
long ago, and—”

   “ Oh, 110; it is not,” rejoined Caxton
in a low voice, bending sharply toward
him; “ and you can tell me everything
about the case, for you were one of the
two men who struck down Laszlo Cheg-
nay in the alley of the Burg Theater! ”

   It did not require a brick house to fall
upon the keen-witted young New Yorker,
in the way of driving home a point to
his brain. A moment before he had not
held the slightest suspicion that the man
in front of him had been concerned in
the outrage; now he knew it for a truth.

  That slight, involuntary twitching of
the neck-muscles had told him the truth.

  Dcr Schnable, however, after that one
telltale start, had immediately resumed
his usual shell of surly taciturnity.

  “ I know nodings. Go away' ” was
the only answer he would return to all
of Caxton’s eager importunities.

  It was evident that he now regarded
the latter merely as an agent of the po-
lice, and the friendly overtures which
had been made toward him as merely a
new form of lure wherewith to entrap
his wary feet.

  Nor could all the other’s persuasions
and arguments serve to swerve him from
this conviction. To bribes, threats, en-
treaties, and promises alike he listened in

scornful unconcern, and still maintained
his obstinate silence.

  “ A thousand florins if you will tell
me where you took him,” offered Caxton.

  No answer.

  “ Two thousand.”

   Still no answer.

  “ Better tell; for I swear that if I
find any harm has come to him, I will
spend fifty times that amount to send
you to the gallows ! ”

   Continued silence.

  “Two thousand florins, if you will
only , tell me the name of the man who
hired you.”

  Der Schnable leisurely stretched him-
self out on his bunk and, closing his eyes,
pretended to sleep.

  “Was it Captain von Altdorff?”

  A contemptuous snore was the only
audible response.

  And this was the net result to all of
Caxton’s further inquiries. In the end
he had to desist, and return to his cell
with the cenviction pretty strongly im-
pressed upon his mind that Der Schnable
was the finest performer in a purely
“ thinking part ” that he had ever seen.

  Yet it was maddening to know that
this fellow could tell all, if only some
way was discovered to win his confi-
dence. There must be some method of
unloosing his tongue.

  Yes, he must be made to divulge his
knowledge. But how, how, how?

  All that evening, and far into the
night, Caxton pondered over the prob-
lem, debating every possible means of
persuasion, from the rack and thumb-
screws to the offering of enormous
bribes; but, finally, upon his perturbed
pillow, there fell a suggestion which
seemed to him little short of an inspira-
tion ; and, wTith a sigh of weary relief,
he turned over and went to sleep.

  Bright and early next morning, a
summons came for him to report at the
captain’s office; -and when he reached
there he found, to his satisfaction, that
his long-awaited release had arrived at
last.

  “ May I ask one question upon leav-
ing, Herr Captain?” he queried deferen-
tially.

  “ Certainly, mein herr. Speak on.”

  “ How long, will you tell me, if it
does not conflict with your official regu-
NOT FOR SALE.

307

lations, do you expect to hold the pris-
oner known as Der Schnable?”

  The captain frowned.

  “Just as long as we can, under the
charge of suspicion,” he retorted crossly.
“ We have no evidence against him, and
will have to discharge him eventually;
but while we have him with us we are
sure that he is out of mischief.”

  “ But,” interposed Caxton, “ suppose
that evidence could be obtained against
him of complicity in a very serious of-
fense? Suppose, let us say, that he had
committed a burglary, and was now
alarmed over some hints I had let drop,
showing that I had a suspicion of his
guilt? If he were to be released this
morning, would it not be his first im-
pulse to go to those with whom he had
stored his booty, and make sure that it
is still safe? ”

  “ Ah, I see,” slowly. “ Then you
want—”

  “ I want this man released this morn-
ing, and the moment that he leaves
yonder door, a couple of your most ex-
pert spies placed upon his trail, with
instructions not to lose sight of him for
a single minute.”

  “ And you will personally press the
charge? It will be burglary, I think
you said? ”

  “ It will be almost anything you
choose to make it. Enough, at any rate,
to ‘ keep him out of mischief ’ for several
years. And I will press it, all right.
Have no fear of that. Oh, yes, I will
press it! ”

  The captain leaned back in his chair,
a slow gleam of satisfaction dawning
in his eye at the thought of at last tri-
umphing over the crafty Der Schnable.

  “ Very well, mein herr,” he said
crisply. “ It shall be £S you say.”
Accordingly, half an hour or so
thereafter, a strange procession wended
its way here and there throughout the
streets of Vienna.

  To the fore, slinking along as though
anxious to avoid attention, yet evidently
free from any suspicion that he was
followed, proceeded Der Schnable.
Half a block behind came one of the
police spies, artistically disguised as a
junkman; while still farther back loi-
tered the other, in the role of a flower-
vender.

  And, at the same distance to the rear
as this latter man, but holding to paral-
lel streets, marched Tom Caxton, his
movements being directed at each corner
by the pseudo flower merchant, according
to a prearranged code of signals.

  Up and down through many streets
they passed, and into many different
quarters of the town; for Der Schlia-
ble led them a long and devious chase.
But, at last, as though satisfied that no
possible danger threatened him, and that
he might proceed direct to his destina-
tion, he settled into a brisker, less errant
gait.

  Into the Pestalozzi Strasse he turned,
and continued along it for several blocks,
to cut at last into a short side street
with but one exit.

  Caxton, arriving at tbe corner below,
saw the flower merchant beckoning ex-
citedly to him, and came forward upon
a run.

  Together they sped along the square;
then halted sharply, at a gesture from
the junkman ahead, and peeped cautious-
ly around the corner into Schwartzen-

berg Platz.

  Der Schnable was just then ascending
the steps at the residence of General
Chegnay!

      CHAPTER XIX. .

WITH CHISEL AND MALLET.

  “ Well., I’ll be jiggered!” gasped
Caxton, still hardly able to grasp the
solution of the mystery, yet feeling, too,
that he should have grasped it long ago.

  Plain? It was as plain as a pike-
staff to him, now that the key to the
riddle was thrust squarely under his
nose.

  The general, Spartan old father that
be was, rather than have his son marry
contrary to his wishes, had simply hired
two bravos, sent them to a spot where
he knew his son was sure to come, caused
him to be kidnaped, and was now keep-
ing him locked up until he should agree
to comply with the paternal wishes.

  This was the meaning of the old
count’s agitation on the day of Caxton’s
visit to him; and also of his evasion and
hesitation until the American had prac-
tically forced him into a lie.
308

THE ARGOSY.

  This, too, was the meaning of that
interrupted and misunderstood signal
which the old servant had tried to give
him at the door. The faithful fellow,
devoted to Laszlo, no doubt, had at-
tempted to give him some intimation of
the truth, and he had been too much
of a numskull to take it in.

  Yes, that was what he had been from
first to last, a numskull! But he would
be one no longer. He would have Las-
zlo out of that house, and back into the
arms of his Muriel before one could say
Jack Robinson.

  By this time Dcr Schnablc had fin-
ished a short colloquy with old Franz
upon the doorstep, and had lurched off
up the street; so Caxton, dismissing his
police allies, sauntered blithely up to
the house, with the same question which
had been upon his lips when he was
there before.

  The gray-haired servitor gave a quick
start of recognition upon seeing him
again, but almost immediately let fall
over his features the deferentially ex-
pressionless mask which is the mark of
the butler the world over.

  “ The Count Laszlo Chegnay is not
at home, sir,” he replied, without a quiver
in his face. “ He has not been here for
some time, and 1 do not know when he
will return.”

  Caxton thrust forward a quick foot,
and held open the door, which the other
had started to close.

  “ You mean,” and he mockingly mim-
icked the man’s precise tone, “ that the
Count Laszlo is home, has been for some
time, and you can’t tell me when he will
depart. Well, I can tell you; he will
be leaving here in just about three min-
utes, or else the whole kit and caboodle
of you will be bundled off to the station-
house. Now, are you going to stand out
of the way and let me go to my friend? ”
At that moment, however, there came
a harsh, imperative hail from over the
banisters.

  “ Franz,” it called, “ is that the im-
pudent Yankee who called here the other
day and annoyed us so? If it is, tell
him if he does not immediately cease his
stupid threats and go away from my
house, I shall open fire on him from
the upper windows with my pistols.”
There was a ring of resolution in the

speaker’s voice which indicated that he
would do exactly as he said; and Caxton,
having no desire to be pot-shotted in
any such fashion, not unnaturally hesi-
tated.

  While he was debating whether to
stand his ground or retreat, however, he
suddenly noticed that old Franz was
distorting his right eye in a peculiar
manner, and, at the same time, nodding
violently with his head toward the ad-
jacent street corner.

  Taking these signs, therefore, as an
invitation, to a rendezvous, and reflecting
that discretion is ever the better part
of valor, he parleyed no longer; but,
withdrawing from the inhospitable door-
step with as much dignity as he could
master, took his stand around the corner
to await developments.

  Nor did he find that he had been mis-
taken in his reading of the signals;.for,
presently, almost before he had got well
settled dowrn to his vigil, Franz came
trotting along with a market-basket upon
his arm.

  “ Are you really a friend to my young
master, sir?” he questioned, peering into
Caxton’s face as though he would read
his very soul.

  “ As good a one as he will ever have,
my man ; and prepared to be a friend
to you, too, if you will help me get him
out of that house. Come now, tell me
just where he is confined, and what is
the best way of getting to him? ”

  “ Oh, sir, don’t ask me that! ” and
the old servant began to tremble vio-
lently. “ I can answer no questions. I
can tell you nothing. The old master
compelled all of us to take a binding and
terrible oath that we would disclose none
of the affairs of the family to any out-
sider.”

   Caxton began to lose patience.

  “ All right, then. So much the worse
for him, and you, too. The only thing
left for me is to call in the help of the
police.”

  Old Franz drew himself up with a
touch of arrogance.

  “ You talk nonsense,” he said. “ The
police would not dare to invade the resi-
dence of General Chegnay. A civil writ
might possibly get you in some time;
but that would doubtless take several
weeks.”
NOT FOR SALE.

309

  From his own recent experience, the
American had. no doubt that it would;
and he saw, too, that the butler was
speaking from an intimate familiarity
with local customs, when he so con-
temptuously denied any fear at the threat
of calling in the police.

  “ What am I to do, then? ” demanded
Caxton, almost desperately.

  A shrewd gleam came into the other’s
eye.

  “ I thought the American gentleman
might perhaps be looking for lodgings,”
he said significantly.

  “ Lodgings?”

  “ Yes, there are some excellent ones
immediately next door to us. If I might
venture a suggestion, I would recommend
the back room on the third floor.”

  “ Ah, I begin to see. The windows
in that room; are they adjacent to the
windows in your house, or is there any
passage between them up over the
roofs?”	, •

  “ Alas, mein herr; our windows are
very tightly barred and shuttered, and
there is no passage of any kind between
the two houses.”

  “ Then why the dickens should I
want to take this room you speak of?
You don’t expect me to break down the
wall, do you?”

  “ If the American gentleman should
care to amuse himself in that way,” re-
joined Franz discreetly, “ I have an ex-
cellent cold chisel and mallet, which I
would be pleased to lend him; and I
shall also be most happy to assist him
in the work.”

  “ Well, I’ll be jiggered! ” again ejac-
ulated Caxton; and then he began to
laugh. “ That must certainly have been
a peach of an oath that the old gentleman
made you swear, friend; but it all goes
to show the truth of the old saying, that
there’s more than one way of killing a
cat. On the whole, I guess your scheme
is as good as any I can frame up; so,
if you will bring along the ‘ excellent
cold chisel and mallet/ I’ll rent the
room, and we can proceed to our di-
versions.”

  He spoke less lightly of the task,
though, before the day was done; for it
proved to be long and tiresome job,
that of making a breach in the solid
masonry of those old-fashioned walls,

even with two of them to help; and the
work was rendered more onerous by the
necessity for keeping down any undue
amount of noise.

  Indeed, Caxton’s blistered palms
would more than once have tempted him
to stop, had there not come an occasional
tap-tap from the other side of the parti-
tion to show him that his efforts were
being eagerly watched in that direction.

  The afternoon waned; the daylight
faded, and .night came on; but still the
two strange companions worked steadily,
energetically ’ away. Caxton asked many
questions; but to them all the old man
returned the invariable shuddering re-
ply, that he had “ taken an oath ” ; and
the American’s curiosity remained un-
satisfied.

  What would meet them on the other
side of that wall, Caxton kept wonder-
ing? Was it only Chegnay that they had
set out to rescue, or was the woman
known as Jay Van Brunt there, also?

  Then, too, was Chegnay in good
health, able to leave without assistance
when the time should come; of had he
been injured at the time of his abduc-
tion, and now in shape requiring a vehicle
or ambulance? But, to all these queries,
old Franz returned never a word.

  At times, too, Caxton questioned in
his own heart whether he might not
simply be walking into a trap cunningly
baited for him by the general and Franz;
and, although he was not afraid of any
bodily injury, he wavered a little at the
thought of what Austrian law might do
to him for so bold an invasion into the
premises of one of the aristocrats.

  But, at last, the partition was all down
to a mere intervening shell; and, with a
sudden impulse, the American threw his
weight quickly against it, and brought
the whole thing down with a crash which
echoed through both houses like a crack
of doom. '

  For a moment his vision was obscured
by the clouds of dust and mortar; and
then he recognized, with a thrill of re-
lief, that he had not wrought in vain;
for through the aperture, with out-
stretched hand, stepped Laszlo.

  “ We must hurry, though,” the Aus-
trian exclaimed. “ My father is already
thundering at my door, and he will bre^k
in by another minute. Ach, himmel! ’
310

THE ARGOSY.

interrupting himself sharply. “ And I
almost forgot something ! ”

  As he spoke, he dived hurriedly back
through the hole; and when he reap-
peared again, he was clasping a bulky
manuscript to his breast.

  “ It is my opera,” he exclaimed simply.
“ I have had plenty of time to finish
it, all alone here with my thoughts, and
I ended it to-day. It would have been
an irreparable loss if I had left that be-
hind ; but I am ready now. Come, let
us go! ”

  It was, indeed, time that they should
fly; for to the general’s crashing blows
against the door, and vociferous threats,
was now added a clamor for the police
from the other dwelling.

  Caxton threw open the door to his
room, and disclosed his landlady and a
group of women in the hall outside, all
shrieking at the* top of their voices.

  He made no attempt to explain mat-
ters to her; but, simply thrusting a roll
of bills into her hand, seized Chegnav
by the arm and hurried him down the
stairs.

  Out of the house they dashed, then,
through the crowd gathering outside;
and, just as a couple of gens d’armes
started for them, they leaped into a pass-
ing cab and were whirled away.

  Of course, there was but/one destina-
tion for either of them; and equally of
course, their tongues ran like mad, in
questions and explanations, all the way
to the hotel. But a sudden silence fell
on both when they arrived at the mil-
lionaire's apartments and found father
and daughter both away.

  “ Do you know where Miss Muriel
has gone?” questioned Caxton of the
maid who had m'et them.

  “ Oh, yes, sir. Captain Von Altdorff
called for her, in great excitement, about
ten minutes ago, and she left with him! ”

CHAPTER XX.

SOLFERINO BREAKS ANOTHER RECORD.

  Von Altdorff !

  For a moment the two men stood ga-
zing at each other in consternation.

  Caxton had told Laszlo, in the cab
coming along, of the painful scene be-
tween Van "Brunt and the gray mus-

tached captain, and of the almost insane
fury into which the latter had been
goaded by the knowledge that Muriel
had been won by another; so that now
there was but one thought in both their
minds.

  The man, crazed by his hopeless yearn-
ing, was attempting to secure by craft
and force the prize which had been de-
nied to his suing.

  He had lured the girl away, upon
some pretext or another—madmen are
always most plausible in their explana-
tions—and now, having her in his power,
was planning to carry her off, and force
her into marrying him.

  In America, such a supposition, upon
the grounds they had, would have seemed
exaggerated and absurd; but here in the
passionate south, where men’s minds
were still attuned to the measure of feu-
dal times, and where they themselves
had just been concerned in abductions,
mysteries, and rescues of quite the six-
teenth century pattern, it seemed the most
natural conclusion in the world.

  Stricken speechless, therefore, at the
news, and at the dire possibilities in-
volved, they stood staring at each other,
aghast, for the space of half a dozen
breaths. Then, seized by a common im-
pulse, they turned together, and hastened
wildly down the street.

  Up and down they gazed eagerly;
but nowhere in sight could they descry
any sign of either the captain or his com-
panion. Then, while they stood at a
loss, uncertain what next to do, a high-
pitched, foppish voice broke on their
ears; and Horowitz, who had been loun-
ging in front of the hotel, advanced
airily with outstretched hand tovvard
Laszlo.

  “ Why, my dear Chegnay,” he ex-
claimed loftily, taking no notice what-
ever of Caxton. “ When did you return?
Ah, but you took us all by surprise, you
clever dog. And now you are a staid old
benedict, of course. Back from the de-.
lights of the honeymoon to get papa’s
blessing, and all that sort of thing, eh?”

  But Laszlo* hoarsely cut in upon his
bantering.

  “ Have you seen anything of Von
Altdorff?” he demanded, gripping the
other by the shoulder with an intensity
which caused the little man to wince.
NOT FOR SALE.

311

  “ Von Altdorff? Why, certainly. He
left here only a few moments ago with
the charming Miss Bonner. They got
into a carriage which was waiting, and
drove away like the very dickens. I
was just wondering what it all meant,
and why—”

  “Drove off?” snapped Caxton. “In
what direction?”

   Horowitz " fixed his eye-glasses, and re-
warded the interruption with a cold and
haughty stare.

  “ I have not the honor of your ac-
quaintance, Yankee,” he started to say
insultingly; but, seeing a dangerous
gleam come into the American’s eyes,
he skipped nimbly to the other side of
Chegnay, and addressed his remark to
him.

  “ As I was tellifig you, my dear Las-
zlo,” he observed hastily, “ Von Altdorff
and Miss Bonner drove away together in
a carriage; and where do you think they
went? To the Arsenal, of all places in
the world. And at this time of night,
too. What do you suppose it can pos-
sibly mean?”

  “To the Arsenal?” incredulously.

  “ Yes, sir. I don’t wonder that you
are surprised. But it is nevertheless the
truth. I distinctly "heard him give the
order to the kutscher. ‘ To the Arsenal,’
he said, and—”

  But already the other two had ceased
to pay any attention to him.

  “ Shall we take a carriage or motor-
car? ” the American was questioning
sharply. “ A motor, 1 guess, by all
means? ”

   “No,” swiftly decided Laszlo; “horses.
We do not know .where the trail may
lead, and a motor might get stalled. We
can get good mounts at the stable just
back of the hotel; indeed, my own horse,
Solferino, is there.”

  The colloquy had taken scarcely half
a second, and almost before the last word
was out the two had turned and were
making for the stable on a run, leaving
poor Horowitz, his curiosity piqued and
unsatisfied, to turn over a dozen new
queries in his buzzing brain, and annoy
almost every one who came by with his
agitated demands for an explanation.

  Meanwhile, the horses were being led
out and saddled, although all too slowly
for Chegnay’s impatience; and, indeed,

the last girth was hardly buckled before
he had vaulted into his seat and given
an ardent “ Vorwaerts! ” to his willing
steed.

   Then, rat-a-tat-tat, rat-a-tat-tpt, (5ame
the clang of iron-shod hoofs upon the
pavement, and the two were off along
the wide avenues, and under the glare of
the electric lamps, in a surging gallop.

  Caxton was something of a horseman
himself, having spent a good part of his
youth upon a Western ranch; but he
was free to confess that he had never
seen such an exhibition of riding as was
given by his companion that night.

  Chegnay and the splendid animal he
bestrode seemed to be one creature, the
horse sensing as though by instinct the
wishes of his master in regard to speed
and direction, and requiring hardly a
word or the slightest pressure upon the
bridle-rein.

  Eyes straight ahead, his clear-cut,
handsome profile gleaming like marble
in the white glow of the arc-lamps, pos-
sessed of but one purpose, to overtake
and win at any hazard, the lover rode
like a veritable unleashed demon, whirl-
ing heedlessly around corners, dashing
in and out between trolley-cars, cabs, and
automobiles at unchecked speed, risking
life and limb a dozen times at the chance
of a slip upon the asphalt or a stumble
across the car-tracks.

  At almost every corner policemen held
up excited batons, and a constant mutter
of curses from drivers and chauffeurs
followed in. their wake; but Chegnay
never slackened pace nor drew rein at
any of the interruptions.

  His one cry to Solferino was Vor-
wacrts!—the one passion of his soul,
Vorwaerts! Ever and always, Vor-
ivaerts.' ”

  And the gallant chestnut responded
well to his demand. Head grandly up,
eye flashing, all his muscles of whipcord
and steel in magnificent play, Solferino
swept onward like a meteor—twisting,
turning, evading obstacles sometimes by
scarcely more than a hairsbreadth, yet
easily, gracefully, without a misstep, and
never for one moment losing his splendid
stride.

  Caxton followed as best he could upon
his inferior mount. A dozen times his
heart was in his throat, when his com-

/
312

THE ARGOSY.

panion would essay some especial hazard ;
but he was ashamed not to venture where
the other so daringly led, and by pure
miracle, so it seemed to him, he escaped
unscathed.

  Now, however, they had passed beyond
the fortifications, the limits of the old
town, and were on freer, less encumbered
streets, where the risks were less constant
and the going easier than on the slippery
asphalt.

  Caxton ranged up beside his comrade
and, by the active use of spur and whip,
managed to keep his sweating beast
upon more even terms with Solferino.
who, for all his charging rush, had not
yet turned a hair. It was hard work,
though, at the best his mount could do;
for ever at more and more frequent in-
tervals Laszlo would give his sharp, im-
patient cry of Vorwaerts! ” and the chest-
nut would answer with a new and more
surprising burst of speed.

  At last, however, the end—at least,
the end of their first stage—was in sight.
Up a little ascent they tore, and down in
the hollow beneath them they could see
the dark mass of buildings which form
the square of the Arsenal.

   Usually, at night the place was gloomy
and deserted; but this evening, to their
surprise, it presented a scene of the great-
est activity. The wide yard, with its
row of sheds for the housing of Von
Altdorff’s ballrooms, was all alight with
the glow of arc-lamps, and a crow’d of
workmen could be seen in the center
about the huge gas-bag of the largest
one, which, fully inflated, swayed un-
steadily and tugged hard at its moorings.

  And then, as Caxton and Chegnay
stared with uncomprehending eyes, they
saw the crowd scatter back, and in the
broad illumination beheld Von Altdorff
and Muriel advance and take their places
in the basket.

  A murmur of voices was borne to their
ears, the bark of a sharp, authoritative
order; then the men scattered still far-
ther back, and the restraining ropes were
let go.

  Up into the air shot the big, cigar-
shaped bag, with its dangling cordage
and human freight. The staccato cough
of its motor hummed out upon the air,
the propeller began slowly to revolve.
They were off!

   A passionate cry of remonstrance burst
from Laszlo’s lips, as though it had been
torn from his very heart. The hand
which held the whip he never used upon
Solferino rose in a quick gesture, and
came down in a sharp, stinging cut across
the mettlesome creature’s flank.

  Resenting the unaccustomed punish-
ment, the horse sprang forward like an
arrow shot from a bow.

  Down the little declivity he fairly
bolted, his head swinging wide at every
leap—a blind, plunging whirlwind of
wrath and protest and speed.

  It was useless for Caxton to attempt
to follow. He could but sit his horse at
the top of the hill, and gaze in stupefied
wonder at the swift unfolding of events.

  What Chegnay intended to do he could
not divine; indeed, it is doubtful if the
Austrian had any distinct idea himself.
His lover’s heart simply realized that its
idol was being carried away from him,
and he acted upon the impulse of one
who feels that he must do something.
Something, no matter how hopeless the
outcome!

  The air-ship, Caxton saw. had not yet
answered to its power, but, carried by
the wind, drifted low over the squat
buildings of the Arsenal, and out toward
the road, ,its drag-rope trailing behind it
like a serpent held in the talons of some
gigantic bird of prey.

  Out over the road the vessel drifted,
then started to lift, just as Chegnay and
Solferino whirled toward it, with a clat-
ter of charging hoofs.

  Like a flash, Laszlo saw his opportu-
nity. Every instant the balloon was
mounting higher; the end of the drag-
rope now dangled above the height of
a man’s head.

   " Springe! "

  The lieutenant's hands, gathering up
the reins, gripped down like a vise on
either side of his horse’s neck. Solferino,
almost running away, yet knew the fa-
miliar signal too well to disobey.

  He caught himself at the very begin-
ning of another leap and, bunching his
mighty muscles, shot upward.

  Up, as he had done before*the assem-
bled thousands upon that never-to-be-
forgotten Field Day. Up, like the un-
coiling of a watch-spring. Up, and still
up, in one magnificent spectacular effort!
NOT FOR SALE.

313

   And, at the very summit of' it, Laszlo
kicked his feet free of the stirrups, let
go his clenching hold upon the bridle
and, with outstretched hands, seized and
clung to the dangling drag-rope, which
switched just within his reach.

   The chestnut, unexpectedly relieved of
his burden, came down to earth with an
awkward thud, stumbling and slipping,
but regained his footing and, with un-
checked speed, galloped away into the
darkness.

  Caxton, however, from his position
upon the hillside had no eyes for him.
All his faculties were centered upon the
slender, athletic figure of his friend
clinging, cat-like, to that swaying rope.

  For a second tbe balloon seemed about
to settle under the added weight. It
listed unsteadily, curveted, and sank a
dozen feet. Then, catching the full
effect of its power, together with a slight
rising of the wind, it righted and shot
upward toward the stars!

CHAPTER XXL
■’twixt earth and sky.

   Ah, it is well sometimes to be a trained
athlete, with sinews hardened to endur-
ance, and a brain accustomed to the
quick calculation of chances in an emer-
gency.

  Laszlo had entertained no other idea
when he seized the drag-rope but that
his weight would bring the balloon to
earth, and that he could hold it there by
sheer strength until he had secured an
accounting from Von Altdorff and res-
cued Muriel. -

   Now, however, as he felt himself lift-
ed like a feather by the expanding pres-
sure of the gas and, glancing down, saw
the earth dropping away from him as
though it were tumbling into space, he
gave himself up for lost.

  He turned sick and giddy with that
one downward look, and not daring to
cast his eyes in that direction again,
closed them, hanging meanwhile, weak
and nerveless, to the slowly gyrating
rope.

   His very terror, though, was, in a way,
a stimulus to him; for feeling his flaccid
grip relax upon the strands, and his
fingers slowly slipping, his peril sent

new energy coursing through him, and
he fastened upon that cord with a clutch
of desperation.

   But this, he knew, could not last long.
Presently his muscles would give way
under the strain, his hold would become
weakened, and then would come the end,
with that awful plunge downward. His
brain reeled before the horror of his im-
pending fate.

  No, he determined fiercely, he would
not sell his life so cheaply. There is
always a way out of every pass, if one
has but the capability to see it, and the
resolution to act.

  Nerving himself to the experiment,
he again cautiously dropped his glance
earthward. No help there. They were
evidently several hundred feet above
terra firma, and mounting higher every
moment. •

  Hastily he raised his glance again,
and took a deep breath, gripping the
rope now until the veins stood out in
lumps upon his hands. That downward
look, prepared for it though he had been,
bad nearly proved his undoing, and he
saw he must attempt it no more.

  What was there to do, then? Could
he clamber up the rope and reach the
car swinging lightly above him? Hith-
erto he had hung supine, in order to
relieve as much as possible the pull upon
his arms.

  Did he have the strength, in his un-
strung condition, to climb that length
of twisting rope, and support himself
like a fly upon the under side of the car
until he could work up over the edge?

  It seemed impossible; but—and Cheg-
nay gritted his teeth—it had to be done.

  Even in that moment of shuddering
fear, however, Laszlo took time to think
upon the possible danger of his under-
taking to the woman he loved. Would
his attempt be apt to tilt the car in
which she sat, and possibly precipitate
her out into space?

  He noted the arrangement of the cords
by which it was held, and decided that
that chance might be safely risked.

  All these reflections and inward de-
batings take time in the telling; but, as
a matter of fact—although it seemed
centuries long to Laszlo—it was not
more than forty seconds or a minute at
tbe outside from the moment that he had
314

THE ARGOSY.

first clutched the drag-rope until he was
swarming up it hand over hand.

  Exercise of this sort had been one of
his favorite “stunts” at gymnasium prac-
tise, but he found it a very different
thing to negotiate a rope whirling as a
tail to a flying balloon from ascending
the same length upon one firmly attached,
and with a net underneath in case of
accident.

   Nevertheless, under the circumstances,
he made what must be considered excel-
lent progress, and Avas beginning to flat-
ter himself on his advance, when sud-
denly he sustained another shock which
again nearly sent him tumbling, and so
once more left him shaking and inert.

  As he was hauling himself up with
careful skill, every faculty intent upon
his feat, a voice spoke to him from above.

  He opened his eyes and glanced to-
ward the car, but, on account of the
darkness, could make out 110 one leaning
over. Nor, although the voice continued
to speak, he • could not distinguish, such
was the pounding of the blood in his
ears, a single word which was said.

  He supposed, however, that it must be
an admonition from Von Altdorff, and
wondered, with a new' apprehension, if
it might perhaps be a threat from his
enemy.

  All along he had recognized that he
must have assistance from those in the
car in order to accomplish his project;
but now it struck him, with'dire signifi-
cance, that the air-ship’s pilot was his
sworn foe, a madman crazed with jeal-
ousy of him.

  Still, even’ a fiend would hardly re-
fuse the hand of succor to a fellow-
l>eing in such a predicament; and, in any
event, he could be no worse off than he
was at present. He must simply hope
for the best, and go ahead.

  Therefore, he resumed his arduous
climb.

  Now, as a matter of fact, Von,Alt-
dorff had just discovered the presence of
the other on the rope at the moment he
spoke, and his utterance had been an
excited adjuration to hold on at any
cost.

  He had not the slightest idea who
Chegnay was, for, absorbed in the tick-
lish business of starting off, neither he
nor Muriel had observed that wild dash

of Solferino’s down into the valley, and
he had simply ascribed the jerk of the
car, when Laszlo caught hold, to the
snarling of the drag-rope against some
obstruction.

  It was only, indeed, when the car
began to bob about under the stress of
the other’s energetic climbing, that he
realized at last there was a stowaway
upon the voyage. Then he at once start-
ed to render every assistance in his
power.

  And Chegnay, in truth, was now in
sore need.

  His strength was rapidly failing. He
could no longer advance an inch; his
arms felt as though they w'ere being torn
out by the roots; his hands were cramp-
ing so that he must soon let go.

  An awful horror of that empty void
below’ surged over him; a black haze
seemed to rise before his eyes and muffle
him in its folds. For a moment he
thought he was really falling. Then his
vision cleared, and a harbinger of hope
twinkled encouragingly to his glance. It
was a tiny lantern slung over the side,
in order to give him 'light for his ad-
venture.

  He saw, too, that a strand of rope,
with a plummet.on the end, was being
swung toward him pendulum-wise; and
although it required all his resolution to
make the attempt, he finally summoned
up bravery enough to let go for a mo-
ment with one hand and grab the line as
it swished by.

   To his delight, it proved to be a slip-
noose, and when he had succeeded in
adjusting this under his shoulders, and
felt a firm pull of support on it from
above, the nothingness beneath seemed
suddenly to lose half its terror for him.

  His strength came back with a bound.
He felt fresh and alert again; in fact,
the moral support of that cord far ex-
ceeded all the physical advantages he
gained from it.

   Still, even with all the assistance that
could be rendered him, his was still far
from being any holiday job, and when he
finally drew himself up to the rim of the
basket, it is doubtful if there was another
ounce of exertion left in his entire frame.
Von Altdorff, putting Muriel at the
other side to balance the weight as much
as possible, reached out and, grasping
NOT FOR SALE.

315

him under the arms, dragged him into
safety.

  Then he lifted his lantern to the sweat-
ing, haggard face of the man he had
rescued, to see whom it might be, but
there was a startled gasp behind him
from Muriel, and, with a glad cry of
“ Laszlo ! Laszlo ! ” he saw her gather
the stranger in her arms.

CHAPTER XXII.

IN FRIENDLY CLASP.

  “Chegnay?” incredulously demand-
ed the captain of the air-ship.

  Laszlo, faint and exhausted though he
was, straightened up and threw one arm
protectingly about Muriel’s shoulder.

  “Yes; Chegnay,” he panted. “Here,
at any cost, to demand where you are
taking my affianced wife! ”

  He looked so fierce, so ready to
spring upon the other in a savage 'out-
burst, that Muriel hurriedly thrust her-
self between them.

  “ But, Laszlo, Laszlo,” she protested
eagerly, “ you are makings a great mis-
take. I am going with Captain von
Altdorff of my own free will. There
are excellent reasons for—”

  “No doubt,” sneeringly. “ But I do
not think those ‘ excellent reasons ’ of
his will satisfy me. He will have to
explain more fully why he has tried to
put this shame upon an honorable
woman, and the one, too, to whom I am
betrothed.”

  “ Hush, Laszlo,” and she placed an
imperatively silencing hand against his
lips. “ We have all cruelly misjudged
Captain von Altdorff, and you are still
doing so. He has intended no injury
to me, and he is in great trouble. He
is taking me to the death-bed of the
woman he loves as much as you do me.

  “Yes, it is the girl you knew as Joy
Van Brunt, but who is really Muriel
Bonner, the actress. He has loved her,
and only her all the time; and now she
is lying alarmingly ill, with but faint
hope for her recovery. She sent for me
to come to her, and that is why I have
accompanied him upon this trip.”

  “ And you believe such a trumped-up
story? ” broke in her lover, frankly skep-
tical. “ Why—”

  But again she laid her hand upon his
mouth.

  “ I have the letter in her own hand-
writing,” she said.

  Then she drew him a little to one side.

  “ It is a long story you have to hear,
dear,” she continued, a touch of gentle
reproof in her tone. “Full of.miscon-
ceptions and misunderstandings—yes, and
of follies, perhaps; but it will do no
good to your comprehension of it con-
stantly to interrupt, or to scout at the
truth of everything in it which may
sound strange to you. So, you must
listen quietly until the end, and then you
can either believe or disbelieve, as you
see fit. But, if I know you rightly, you
will decide at its conclusion that a sin-
cere apology is due from you to Captain
von Altdorff.”

  Accordingly, his hand tucked in hers,
he kept silence while she unfolded to
him a revelation of all that had taken
place.

  She told him first of the interchange
'of identities between herself and her
cousin and of the reasons which had
brought it about; and although he had
heard it all from Caxton before, he
would not mar the sweetness of her con-
fession by letting her know for a moment
that it was a twice-told tale.

  Then, when suitable absolution and
forgiveness, had been granted under cover
of the darkness, she took up the story of
“Joy’s” love-affair, and showed him
plainly that there had never been any
real question of rivalry between himself
and Von Altdorff.

  “ He has loved her from the begin-
ning,” said Muriel, “ just as you have
loved me ; and when he believed, from
papa’s blundering answer, that he had
lost her, he was roused to a pitch of
jealous frenzy, just as you would have
been if you thought you had lost me.

  “ She came to the Arsenal that- very
morning and, unfortunately, saw fit to
coquette with him. A balloon was short-
ly to be sent up. Roused almost to the
point of distraction, maddened by her
seeming rebuffs, he induced her to enter
the basket; then took her aloft with him,
and carried her away. None but a few
of his workmen were about, and he could
trust them to keep silence.

  “He took her to an estate of his, a
316	THE ARGOSY.

 lonely place in the mountains, near
 Gmunden, and left her there in the
 charge of his housekeeper. She pretend-
 ed to be incensed with him for carrying
 her off that she would not listen to his
 protestations; and he left, telling her
 that lie would return to Vienna, get a
 priest, and marry her by force. That
 was the very thing she wanted him to do,
 as a matter of fact; for she did not dare
 risk confessing to him who she really
 was, and she had been trying by her
 assumed coldness to spur him to this very
 point.

   “ But richly have they both had to
 pay for their follies,” Muriel continued,
 with a sad shake of her head. “ His
 air-ship, the only one he had capable of
 making a distance as far as Gmunden,
 broke down upon the return journey;
 and since his estate is in a wild spot,
 inaccessible to either telegraph or tele-
 phone, he was unable to send any word.

    “ Then she, believing that he had de-
 serted her, fell into violent hysterics, last-
 ing a day and night, and when he did
 finally get back he found her raving in
 the delirium of brain-fever.

    “ Since that time his condition has
 been a pitiable one. He knew that he
 was shadowed by our detectives, and has
 lived constantly in fear of being arrested
 for the crime of her abduction. He has
 not dared to go to Gmunden. News
 from there has reached him but slowly;
 and between fearing for her, and fearing
 the consequences of his mad act, his life
 has-been one continual inferno.

   “ Last night he could stand it no
 x longer, however, but risked everything
 and took the trip and, to his joy at first,
 he found her conscious. Conscious, and
 in a more chastened, sweeter humor than
 he had ever known.

    “ She still refused, though, to receive
 his vows of love until she had complete-
 ly unbosomed herself of all the story of
 her deceptions. And, when he had as-
 sured her that none of it made any differ-
 ence to his affection, she .fell then to
 weeping and, confessing that she too
 loved him, yet told him that it could
 never be, since the doctor had shortly
 before informed her that she would prob-
 ably not get well.

    “ She urged him, also, to carry a letter
 to me, and although it tore his heart to

leave her, he did so. In it she asked me
to come to her, if possible; but, whether
I did so or not, to see that he was fully
absolved from all blame in connection
with her disappearance or death.

   “I, of course, agreed to comply with
her request, and merely stopping to leave
a hasty note for papa, hurried back with
Captain von Altdorff to the Arsenal.
The rest you know.”

  The conversation between Laszlo and
Muriel had been carried on almost in
whispers at one side of the car; but now
as she finished, and Chegnay glanced
somewhat curiously at the figure of their
pilot, the thought struck him that they
might have screamed at the top of their
voices, for all the difference it would
have made to him.

  Entirely oblivious of them, he was
leaning forward over the front of the
car, now adjusting a lever, now tighten-
ing a belt, his one thought to get the
most speed out of his delicate and com-
plicated machinery, his eyes only turn-
ing from the steady beat of his engines
to gaze with strained yearning toward
Gmunden.

   It was daylight when at last they ar-
rived, the peaks all about them tinging
with the rosy light of dawn.

   To the south towered the lofty Dach-
stein, with its little glacier and cap of
virgin snow, and nearer at hand, toward
the left, loomed up the rugged mass of
the Traunstein, while the foreground was
filled up with the pine-covered Salzburg
Alps, through a ridge in which rushed
the Traun, foaming in cascade after cas-
cade-down to meet the Danube.

  Upon one of the wildest, most deso-
late summits the air-ship settled slowly,
and Von Altdorff, only his haggard eyes
showing the anxiety which wras gnawing
at his heart, assisted his passengers to
alight, and led them hurriedly over a
rocky path through the pine forest back
to the house, a mere shooting-box erected
many years before.

  On tiptoe, scarcely knowing what to
expect, for the housekeeper was with the
invalid, and nobody else about, they fol-
lowed him to the sick-chamber, and just
as they entered saw the sun break through
the eastern window in a flood of golden
glory.

  It shone full upon the pallid face
NOT FOR SALE

317

of the sick woman, sending a thousand
glints into her waving hair, and giving
a delicate, spiritual beauty to her face
which she had hitherto lacked.

  The old dame in atteiidance rose quick-
ly to draw the shade; but Joy already
had opened her eyes, and was gazing with
rapturous, half-incredulous glance at
Von Altdorff.

  “ Oh, Felix, Felix! ” she cried, “ I
have been waiting and longing for you
so, to tell you the good news. Love is
a wonderful medicine, my own, and the
doctor now tells me that I shall get
well.”

  Muriel touched Laszlo upon the hand
and, making a sign to the old woman,
the three of them withdrew, leaving the
ecstatic pair alone.

  A little later the captain came out to
them, and one would never have known
that he had passed a night of sleepless-
ness and anguish. He looked as though
twenty years had dropped from his shoul-
ders, and he greeted them with a laugh
like a boy’s.

  “ My congratulations to you, dear old
Felix,” cried Chegnay, extending his
hand.

  “And mine to you,” returned Von Alt-
dorff, grasping it with hearty pressure.

  So the feud between them was made up.

CHAPTER XXIII.

CAXTON'’S SECRET.

  There is a lilting waltz air which has
been played, sung, hummed, and whis-
tled by thousands of people, but which
still retains its popularity through a
quality it possesses of a peculiarly quaint
and delicate beauty.

  Ask any street-boy for its name, and
he will tell you it is the waltz-motif from
“ For the Red Ribbon ” ; yet it also re-
mains a marked favorite with connois-
seurs and musicians of ability. Even
the table d’hote orchestras cannot utterly
spoil it.

  It has been played in almost every
theater in this country and Europe; but
the first time it was even rendered was
in the Burg Theater, at Vienna, with
the composer in the conductor’s chair,
and his wife taking the stellar role.

  It was a great occasion, which even

royalty had deigned to honor; for it was
rumored that despite the fact it was a
new production, it would mark the fare-
well to the stage of Muriel Bonner, the
great Vienna favorite, she having con-
sented to appear for this one night only.

  And what a success it was! And what
a surprise came on top of it, when it was
learned that Muriel Bonner was in reality
the daughter of Cyrus Van Brunt, the
millionaire, while the real owner of the
name was the dashing young lady who
a few weeks before had married Captain
von Altdorff.

  But all that is ancient history. Every-
body knows the story of the first produc-
tion of “ For the Red Ribbon,” and of
the romance which crowned the life of
its gifted young composer.

  Only one person dissented from the
general verdict of praise for the piece at
that first production, and of hearty good
wishes for the young couple with whom
it was associated.

  That was-Max Horowitz, and he was
so resentful of the fact that he had been
cheated of spreading this sensation that
he was like a viper swelled out with
venom.

  “ Yes,” he said superciliously in the
foyer, “ the critics seem to be applauding
a little; but, as for me, I’m free to con-
fess that I never sat through such a bore-
some thing in all my life. Then the
Yankee actress is so rotten. It’s plain
to be seen that those stories of her having
been drilled like an automaton for ‘Mile.
Modiste ’ are all true. It’s certainly
lucky for her that she’s an heiress, and
doesn’t have to stay on the stage, and
still luckier for Chegnay. He’ll never
make his salt writing operas.”

  “Is that so?” cut in Caxton, who
happened to have overheard this last
remark. “ Well, I just heard one of the
greatest critics in the world say that he
would rather have Chegnay’s talent than
all of his father-in-law’s copper mines;
and as for Muriel, there is not now nor
ever was a woman who could touch her
on the stage, or off of it, either.”

  “ Oh, it’s not hard to understand your
approval of her,” sneered Horowitz.
“ You are in love with her yourself, and
always have been.”

  “ Gee ! ” reflected the American. “ Am
T beginning to show it so bad that even
318

THE ARGOSY.

a little cad like this can notice it? If
so, it is certainly lucky I am leaving for
Columbia’s shores to-morrow. What’s
the use, Caxton? She would never have
had you, and that ends the matter.”

  Aloud, however, his remarks were of
a different tenor.

  “ Look here, shrimp,” he said, tower-
ing threateningly over the hussar, “ if
you ever dare to breathe, utter, say, or
even think such a thing again I’ll come

half-way across the world, and spend six
months in jail, just for the pleasure of
dusting your pants once more.

  “ And, oh, Horowitz,” he added gloat-
ingly, “ what a spanking that will be!
What a spanking that will be! ”

  But the gossip had shrunk back terri-
fied before the flashing eye and sternly
set face bent toward him.

  “ 1 never will say it, mein lierr,” he
shrieked. “ I never will even think it.”

                               THE END.

Why Galway Lost His Temper

                     By ROBERT RUSSELL.

                        This man certainly appeared to have some
                        justification for getting mad, but yet —

GALWAY was a very nice fellow,
and his friends always forgave
the rare outbursts of temper, which were
the only evident faults to which he was
obliged to plead guilty. It was on one
of the hottest days of a hot August that
he gave way to this temper under par-
ticularly exasperating circumstances.

  It was to be a momentous day for
him; and as he entered the large jew-
elry store, for the purpose of having his
pocketbook repaired, he was full of an-
ticipation for the evening.

  The establishment had manufactured
the valuable case, and was one well
known throughout the country, boasting
a maze of departments. It was not to
be wondered at, therefore, that Galway
did not seek to ascertain the location of
the repair counter himself, but accosted
a floor-walker for the information.

  “ At the rear of the store,” responded
that dignified official.

  To the rear, therefore, went the young
man. Looking about him in this local-
ity, Galway read all sorts of signs, none
of which included the word “ Repairs.”
Being a resolute person, and not to be
side-tracked or inclined to shift respon-
sibility, he returned to the front of the
store and again addressed the man whom
he had previously interviewed.

  “ What part of the rear contains the
repair department ? ” he asked without
the slightest trace of impatience.

  “ It is directly in the rear,” returned
the dignitary—“ up a flight of stairs.”
Back went Galway.

  Reaching the very back part of the
establishment, he spied a small stair-
case, and started to ascend it. It was
a long flight, and he wondered that an
establishment which catered to such a
fashionable clientele would put its pa-
trons to such trouble over a matter of
repairs.

  At length he reached the top, and
was confronted by a row of forbidding
doers, and again the sign “ Repairs ”
was missing. Desiring to be sure' that
the department was not here, and anx-
ious that the slight indignation, which
now began to manifest itself, should not
be unjustified, Galway spoke to a young
man who passed him at that moment.

  “ I am looking for the repair depart-
ment,” he said rather irritably. “ Is it
on this floor?”

  “No, sir,” replied the other; “it is
011 the floor below, reached by a short
stairway—only a few steps up.”

  “ Ah,” soliloquized Galway, “ it’s a
wonder that they could not be more ex-
plicit.”

  As he descended the long stairway his
impatience gradually rose, so that by the
time he gained the ground floor again
his vexation, combined with the heat of
the day, made him feel a decidedly
abused person.
WHY GALWAY LOST HIS TEMPER.

319

  He was very careful, now, to examine
the full length of the rear of the store,
and at last discovered a short flight of
stairs, at the top of which appeared a
counter that looked as. if it might lend
itself to repairing.

  Galway presented himself at this
counter in due course. His voice was
low as he spoke.

  “Is this the repair department?” he
inquired.

  “Yes, sir. What can I do for you?”
“ I am glad,” commented Galway,
“ that, after several trips up and down
your store, and after mounting innumer-
able stairs, I have at last found the
place I want. It does seem strange that
in an establishment like this a man can-
not be properly directed in the first
place, I—”

  “ I am very sorry, sir, that you have
been put to any inconvenience, and if
you will make a complaint at the man-
ager’s- office, the firm will be under
obligation to you. Who directed you
wrongly? ”

  “ A greatly overdressed man, who
stands at the front of -the store, in the
first place, and the same individual in
the second place. You are the first in-
telligent employee I have met in the
establishment.”

  “ Do as I suggest, sir, and I assure
you the person who is responsible will
lie severely reprimanded. And now,
what can I do for you?”

  “ I have here,” said Galway, “ a card-
case made by your firm, and which I
cherish very highly. The lining has
worn out, and I have brought it here
to be repaired. I trust that you will be
as expeditious as possible.”

  The young man behind the counter
took the case in his hands, and held it
a moment with a perplexed look on his
face. Then he spoke hesitatingly:

  “ I am very sorry, sir, again to put
you to trouble, but, you see, this depart-
ment does all the repairing except—this
fine leather-work. You will find that
department on the south side of the
building.”

  It was now that Galway forgot all
about the pleasurable evening in store
for him, and ceased attempting to con-
trol his wrath.

  “ Again ! ” he cried. “ Whoever heard

of an establishment like this dividing up
its departments in that way. Here,
you,” he called to a young man passing
at that moment, “ you look as though
you had some authority in this place.
Tell me the name of the clothes-model
who stands at the front of the store,
and tell me this man’s name who refuses
to repair my card-case, and tell me who
is the proper person to whom a com-
plaint should be made of carelessness
and—”

  Of course, Galway carried the thing
too far. But remember his temper—
and the heat.

  The passing young man, whom Gal-
way had grasped by the arm, forcefully
removed the hand, and looked at the
customer from head to foot.

  “ If you will be calm a moment,” he
said slowly, “ I will be glad to answer
any questions you may ask.”

  But the fact that the other had ac-
tually taken hold of him made Galway
more incensed than ever.

  “ And you might include your own
name, also, young man,” he exploded.
“ I am not accustomed to being taken
hold of by jewelry salesmen.”

  “ My name is Prentice,” replied the
other, “ and I am hardly a salesman—
but that does not matter. If you do
not desire to talk reasonably, I will
show you to the department which will
attend to your card-case — and suggest
that you go to Mr. Crofty himself with
your complaint. He is at present some
fifty miles from any railroad, in the
Adirondacks — you might possibly have
assumed a rational bearing by the time
you reached him. This way, sir.”

  Galway was a really decent fellow;
and as he followed Prentice, muttering
that he would immediately leave the
place were it not for the fact that
Crofty & Co. had made the case, he be-
gan to realize that he had been a little
hasty.

  There was no evidence of repentance
in his bearing, however, as lie handed
over the card-case to the proper per-
son, left his, name and address, and
quitted the store.

  Outside, the sun was blistering hot,
and it was not until Galway had some-
what cooled his burning body by means
of a cold glass of mineral water that he
320

THE ARGOSY.

again began to think of the pleasure in
store for him that evening.

  In the spring he had left, at its most
interesting stage, an affair of the heart,
which was not only his first, but which
consumed him with even a greater in-
tensity than his miserable temper. Miss
Ailing was now to be in town for a
week, and he had persuaded her over the
telephone to dine with him that evening.
Her house was closed for the summer,
and he considered it a great honor that
she had dropped him a note, asking him
to call at the hotel where she was stop-
ping with friends. And he was en-
thralled when she had so far overlooked
the conventionalities as to accept his in-
vitation for dinner.

  He was due to call for her at seven.
It was now only five, but he hastened
to his near-by apartment in order to be
punctuality itself, a,nd to remind her
that the two months which had passed
since he had seen her in nowise changed
the intensity of his feelings.

  “ Let’s see,” he said to himself, as he
entered his room and closed the door,
“ how long must I allow to reach her
hotel?”

  He reached for his card-case.

  “ Oh, of course, I left the case at
Crofty’s to be fixed— Her hotel is the
—the—the—” And the young man
stood still—thinking.

  “ Of course I know it,” he went on.
“It begins with a ‘ \V ’—the West-
moreland — no — the Weland — no, she
wouldn’t stop there—the—the—” and
again the perspiration gathered on Gal-
way’s brow.	»

  With a sudden inspiration, he seized
the telephone-book, and began searching
for all the hotels, the names of which
began with “ W.” Unsuccessful here,
he spent many more minutes looking
haphazard for the names of other hotels;
and finally threw down the book, with
the most hopeless ejaculation.

  Then he began a search of his pockets
for the note which would give the re-
quired clue. Nothing to be found—he
must have left it in the miserable card-
case.

  Yes, he was sure of that now; and,
after a hasty glance at his watch, he as-
certained that with haste he might be
able to reach the store before they closed.

  Regardless of wilted collar and ex-
tremely uncomfortable clothing, he start-
ed in hot haste for the establishment of
Crofty & Co. The massive front door
was just being shut as he got there.

  “ Closed, sir,” said the watchman.

  “ But I must see some one in author-
ity,” insisted Galway.

  At that moment there emerged from
the entrance the well-dressed fioor-walker
who had been the means -of Galway’s
previous irritation. The latter quickly
approached him.

  “ I left a card-case here this after-
noon to be repaired—and it is very neces-
sary that I obtain a paper from it.”

  “ I remember the occasion well,” re-
plied the other, “ but it is too late now.”
“ But it is most important—is there
no way? ”

  The dignified young man looked at
Galway with something of satisfaction
in his eyes.

  “ No, sir,” he said. “ Every one has
left, and—”

  As luck would have it, at that instant,
Prentice, who really seemed to be a per-
son in authority in the establishment,
appeared from another entrance, and ap-
proached the trio.

  “Ah,” he ejaculated, not with satis-
faction, but with interest. “ The repair
department? ”

  “ Sir,” began Galway, now all humil-
ity, “ I lost my temper this afternoon;
but at present I have discovered that I
left in the card-case, which is now in
your possession, a paper which it is most
important I see at once. Will you do
me the favor of finding out if it is still
there — they cannot have begun work
upon the case yet ? ”

  The tall young man looked at Galway
with the same calm interest and amuse-
ment which had possessed his features
when he suggested a trip into the moun-
tains to find Mr. Crofty, and replied
good-humoredly:

  “ We all lose our tempers occasionally.
Come with me, and I will see what I
can do.”

  Together they entered the building,
and went at once to the repair depart-
ment which it had taken Galway so long
to find. Here they discovered a con-
scientious workman still laboring over a
delicate piece of leather.
WHY GALWAY LOST HIS TEMPER.

321

    The situation was soon explained; and,
  after a long search, the card-case dis-
  covered—empty.

    “ You must have taken everything out
  of it, sir,” said Prentice.

    “ I thought I did,” admitted Galway;
  “ but when 1 could not find the paper
  1 wanted, I thought it must be here—
  but—do you mind telling me all the
  hotels you know with names beginning
  with ‘ W ’ ? ”

    Prentice looked at Galway in aston-
  ishment ; and, as they left the building,
  his sense of humor could no longer with-
  stand the incongruity of Galway’s former
  confident anger, and his present humility.
  After a quiet laugh, however, he sug-
  gested two or three, and then spoke of
  looking them up in the teleplione-book.

    “ Oh, I’ve done that,” cried the dis-
  tracted young man. “ Thank you for
  your kindness,” he had the grace to add.

    Slowly, and with a broken spirit, Gal-
  way returned to his apartment. As the
  clock struck the hour of seven, and he
  v realized that somewhere in that great
  city the girl of his heart was waiting for
  him to take her out to dinner, the place
  had never seemed so desolate.

    “ Dinner by himself.” The thought
  disgusted him. But, finally, as the same
  clock was striking the hour of nine, he
  realized that nature must be fortified;
  and he rose to go out to partake of
  some food.

    He wanted lights and coolness—to get
  far away from his accustomed haunts;
  and he took a car for a distant dining-
  place on the banks of the river.

    There were lights there a plenty; and
  quiet corners out-of-doors, where he
  could imagine himself sitting with Miss
  Ailing—and he would be sitting thus,
  too, as soon as she called him up on
  the following day to hear his explana-
  tion. But he sat alone now, watching
  the lights on the river, and hearing faint-
  ly the low spoken words of the couples
  occupying the quiet corners.

    He had finished his dinner, and was
  about to leave for his lonely apartment,
  when he fancied he heard his name
  spoken. Yes, there it was again, and
  coming from one of the deliciously
  shaded dining-places.

    With some curiosity, Galway rose and
  walked in the direction of the sound.

     9 A

There, sitting where just a ray of the
electric lights fell upon her face, sat
Helen Ailing; and beyond her, in the
darkness, a man.

  Without a moment’s hesitation, Galway
spoke to her.

  “ You must have thought it awfully
strange, Helen, that 1 did not call for
you—but I lost your address, and—”

  The girl interrupted him.

  “ I knew it was something like that,
and waited till nine o’clock, when I
callcd up your apartment on the tele-
phone. It’s all right, of course—we can
dine together some other evening — I
wanted to tell you something—perhaps
I can do it now—but first let me present
you—”

  All eagerness, Galway bowed to the
young man in the darkness, and turned
again to the girl.

  “ First of all, Helen, let me write
down the name of the hotel where you
are stopping,” and he looked in vain for
a paper on which to inscribe it.

  At last, crumpled up in his trouser’s
pocket, he found a scrap and hurriedly
drew it out.

  “ It’s the Windmere,” said the girl—
“ a new place; not yet even in the tele-
phone-book, but awfully nice. And now
let me tell you why I wanted to see you
so much. You are my oldest friend in
the city — and — and I wanted you to
know of my engagement. This,” with
a little wave of her hand toward the
man in the darkness, “ is the happy
man—”

  But Galway was looking at the slip
of paper on which he had written the
address. It was her note to him bearing
her hotel telephone number, on the back
of which was written the names of the
three culprits of the afternoon. And
then he remembered his consuming anger
at the moment he had jotted them down
—and the last name—was Prentice.

  The tall man came out of the dark-
ness.

  “ I had the pleasure of meeting Mr.
Galway this afternoon,” he said, with a
twinkle in his eye.

  It was Prentice.

  “ Good night,” said Galway, tearing
into little bits the note he had received
from Miss Ailing.

  Then lie hurried from the spot.
TROUBLE IN BUNCHES.*

                   By SEWARD W. HOPKINS,

       Author of “By Bullet Persuasion,” “Taking Big Chances,” “The Hoodoo Ranch,” etc.

             A matter of one American obliging another starts with a mistake,
             opening the way to crimes, casualties, and catastrophes galore.

 CHAPTER XVIII.

 THE PRISON AT SANTA ROSA.

THE prison at Santa Rosa was not
an imposing piece of architecture,
but it was certainly a prison. I had fre-
quently ridden by it in days when 1 had
no idea that I should ever be incarcerated
there, and 1 had felt great sympathy
for the poor devils who were prisoners,
whether, guilty of crime or not.

  It was a low, one-story building—at
least, only one story above the level of
the ground—and was built of adobe
blocks. Its cold, unornamented front
faced the road that led out along the Rio
Rico, and the rear of the prison was on
the edge of the river-bank.

  The cells, or dungeons as they were
called, were, as Balover had written, mis-
erable holes. They had almost no venti-
lation, and but little light. The principal
prisoners were kept in the cells under-
ground, from which there was no escape.

  The building surrounded an open
court, or patio, which would be called in
the United States a prison-yard. Here
the executions were held.

  It was the custom in Santa Rosa, when
any great offender was shot, to march all
the prisoners out into the patio and ar-
range them 011 three sides, leaving the
blank wall at one end to receive the bul-
lets that did not lodge in the body of the
victim.

  It was about midnight when we
reached the prison. My wounds were
now quite painful, and I was so weak I
hardly cared what they did with me
afterward if they would only let me have
a little rest then.

  We were admitted, and the head keeper
of the place was aroused. He received
us in a little office.

* Began February Argosy.

 “Your name?” he demanded, taking
 up a large book in which he kept a record
 of prisoners.

 “ Robert Fraser,” I answered.

 “Your business here?”

 “ In the prison?” I asked.

 “ In Santa Rosa,” he said, with a
 heavy frown.

 “ I am a physician and chemist. I
 was sent here by a New York society to
 study certain plants and barks.”

 “ And, having been assured of your
 hospitality, you abused it.”

 “ I did not. I have committed no
 crime at all.”

 “ Ha! You and your countrymen have
 strange ideas of crime. We will give you
 a lesson. We have already your partner
 in crime. Put them together,” he said
 to another keeper. “ Let them console
 each other. They will leave here together
 for—”

 He did not finish his sentence, but a
 cold chill ran through me as I realized
 what he meant.”

 “ 1 am wounded,” I explained. “ May
 I not have some attention? ”

 “ We have no surgeon here. Anyway,
 a few wounds more or less will make no
 difference in the end.”

 With this brutal remark, he waved to
 the keepers, and I was hustled down a
 flight of stone steps.

 By the light of a lantern a door was
 unlocked, and I saw Balover lying on a
 pile of dirty straw in a corner of a filthy
 cell.

 “ In with you,” said one of the keep-
 ers, and in a moment the door was closed
 and I was left in perfect darkness.

 “ Balover,” I said.

 “What! What! Who is that? Is it
 —it can’t be Fraser! ” replied Balover.

 “ It is Fraser,” I said.

 Single copies, 10 cents.
TROUBLE IN BUNCHES.

  “ What is it—a plot—a plan to get
me out?” he asked eagerly.

  “ It was to be,” I answered. • “ But,
like all the rest of the business, I’ve made
a mess of it. I did leave O’Donnell’s
camp to come and help you, but I am
worse off than you are. I am wounded,
and I have lost Don Manuel’s money.”

  “ Then, it's all up with you, too,” he
said.

  There was no recrimination—no mur-
muring nor fault-finding. Balover was
as brave a fellow as I had ever seen.

  “If you are wounded,” he went on,
“ lie down on this straw. It isn’t very
clean, nor very dry; but it’s better than
the floor.”

  I lay down alongside of him, and so
great was my exhaustion that even while
he was speaking to me I fell asleep.

  When I awoke I saw the miserable con-
dition of the place we were in, and the
effect his imprisonment was having on
Balover. His eyes were sunken and dim,
his cheeks hollow and white, with a sickly
look all over his face.

  “ They don’t need to shoot a man
here,” I remarked. “ All that is neces-
sary is to keep him here. He’ll die. soon
enough.”

  “ 1 wish they’d hurry up and have it
over,” said Balover. “ I see no hope ..of
getting out. In some way these fools have
got it into their heads that we are great
criminals. You can’t drive any sense
into them. They are densely ignorant,
and hate us for our nationality. I
thought all South America liked the
States. But Santa Rosa hates us. There
is no doubt that I am to be shot. And,
as they have put you in with me, I sup-
pose that will be your fate.”

  “ I tried to see our consul, but he was
on board some ship in the harbor,” I
explained. “ If we could only com-
municate with him, he might do some-
thing.”

  “ Ph, the consul at Santa Rosa can’t
do anything. He never did. O’Donnell
might. But 1 reckon he’s got about all
he can do to stay here and keep out of
prison. He never comes into Santa
Rosa.”

  They brought us our breakfast. I will
not attempt to tell what it was, because
I don’t know. It was a nauseating mess,
anyway, but we knew we must eat.

323

  “ If we don’t eat, and an opportunity
to escape should offer, we wouldn’t be
able to take it,” I said.

  “ Opportunity to escape! ” Balover
echoed. “ Who ever heard of escaping
from one of these burial holes? ”

  “ But that messenger you sent with
your letter escaped.”

  “ True. But he was a minor prisoner,
and wasn’t down here. He had the run
of the prison-court, and had people out-
side to help him.”

  “ Can’t we bribe somebody there to
pass letters for us? ” I asked.

  “ We can try it.”

  We watched the little iron grating
Balover had mentioned in his letter. For
hours 110 one came near it. Then two men
were walking past, and stopped right over
the grating to continue their conversa-
tion.

  “ They’ve got the two Americans,"
said one. “ Both in the underground
dungeon. I heard the captain say they
were to be shot. I don’t know when.”

  I had not been searched when I en-
tered. They do not always attend to
those things in a South American prison
at night. My revolver had been taken
from me, but I still had some money. I
poked a piece of gold through the
grating.

  “ Scfiors” I called softly.

  “ Who spoke ? ” asked one of the two.
“ Did you not hear a voice? ”

  “ I click Some one said * seilorsAh!
The American. Down here—see ? ”

  I saw both their faces as they peered
down at me.	<

  “Will you carry a letter for us?” I
asked. “ We will pay you well.”

  “ It is impossible,” said the one who
had spoken before. “ I would not at-
tempt it. Everybody is watched. The
order has gone forth that you are to be
shot. Any person caught with a letter
from you would also be shot. Farewell,
senors.”

  With that, the two walked off.

CHAPTER XIX.

DYNAMITE.

  My heart sank. It is no pleasant thing
to realize that you are to die within a
short time. I suppose a person after
324

THE ARGOSY.

months or years of suffering welcomes
such knowledge as the forerunner of a
blessed relief.

  But two young men, with everything
to live for, could hardly be expected to
look upon the prospect with equanimity.

  Yet never in all the time that has
passed since then, during which 1 have
practised my profession, have I seen any-
one face death with the cool, almost inso-
lent courage of Jim Balover.

  “ I hope, as long as they are going to
shoot us, they will shoot us together,” he
remarked. “ Even in death I suppose a
fellow likes company.”

  “ I can’t see that it makes any differ-
ence,” I rejoined. “ It will be over in
a minute. These fellows don’t leave any
blanks, as they do in time of war in our
army when they shoot a man. Every-
body shoots to kill. One little order, and
it’s all over.”

  “ It wouldn’t be so bad,” he went on,
“ if it wasn’t for the two girls. I sup-
pose, of course, Isobel is safe—some-
where—but it’s tough going and leaving
her when I know she loves me.”

  “ It is. 1 feel the same way.”

  “You? Are you in love? Is it Kate? ”
“ Yes,” I answered, with a sigh. “ It
is Kate, and she seems to love me. I
came after reading your letter, and we
bade each other a fond good - by. On
her part it was almost a farewell, because
she feared some disaster. But I was
going to do wonders. Kick up a shindy
with the consul, give old Don Manuel
back his money and win his friendship,
and have you out of here in no time. What
have I done? Lost Don Manuel’s money,
got myself cut up into beefsteaks, and
here I am now waiting to be shot like
a mad dog. Kate was right. I’ve done
nothing but mess everything since I tried
to take Isobel to you.”

  “ Oh, don’t blame yourself for that. It
was my fault. In the first place, I had
no business to ask you to help me. And
I should have told you about Kate.”

  “ I’m glad you didn’t. I am sorry you
have not seen Isobel, but the kiss Kate
gave me when I came away is worvh a
great deal.”

  “It isn’t worth getting shot for.”

  “ Well—there is no use arguing about
that. If we could only—”

  “ Well, we can’t. I’ve tried every-

thing. I’ve threatened them with men-
of-war. I’ve tried to bribe them with all
the money my uncle is worth. I’ve prom-
ised them good positions in the States.
I’ve done everything. The trouble is, we
are too prominent. If we were obscure,
no-account devils, we might get out. As
it is—bang!”

  Cheerful talk in a damp, dark cell.
But our spirits were not quite as lively
as our talk. Our minds were keyed up to
the breaking-point, and if, in the attempt
to appear calm, we slopped over some-
times, it could hardly be called unnat-
ural.

  That day passed wearily. Evidently
they were in no hurry to finish their job.
There was no gloating over us, no abusive
language. No one came near us at all
except to bring what they called food.

. We slept but little that night.

   “ Fraser,” said Balover as we lay side
by side on the straw, “ I’ve got a peculiar
feeling that you are going to get out of
this and I am not. I don’t know what
makes me feel that way. But I do. And
I want you to promise me something.”

   “ I’ll promise anything,” I told him.
“ It is easy to promise when you know
you can’t fulfil. I fail to see any reason
for such an idea as you have. If you
are shot, of course I’ll be.”

  “Well, I don’t know. I hope I’m
right. Anyway, if you do escape by any
miracle, hunt till you find Isobel. Tell
her that her name was the last word on
my lips. And assure her of my love.”

   “ I’ll do that—but if I have a chance
to do it, you will yourself.”

   We spent the night mostly in talking
in' this way, and were worn out when
morning came.

   While we were eating our breakfast a
cloud came over the grating and a piece
of paper dropped to the floor.

   “ Ah, a friend has found us out! ” ex-
claimed Balover.

  He sprang forward and picked up the
paper.

   As he opened it I saw in the dim light
that his face turned paler.

   “ What is it ? ” I asked.

   “ Not a message from a friend,” he re-
plied.

  I took the paper. It was printed in
Spanish, and was a general order, to be
scattered or posted in various places.
TROUBLE IN BUNCHES.

325

  The purport of it was that the two no-
torious Americans—and our crimes were
all mentioned and magnified—had been
captured, and would be shot in the
prison - yard at two o’clock in the
morning.

  There was a choking and stifled feel-
ing in my throat. It had not been so
difficult to be calm when there was hope
of escape. But with this hope gone, with
the notice of our execution in my hands,
all my calmness seemed to leave me.

  “Poor Kate! Poor Kate!” I mur-
mured. “ How I would like to see you
once more before 1 die! I doubt now,
Balover, if it was right for me to let her
know I loved her.”

  “ Well, you couldn’t help it, could
you? How can you hide love? I’m
sorry that Isobel loves me now. Yet—I
don’t know. It’s something of a com-
fort.”

  Small comfort it was to me to know
that the girl whose love I had won, and
from whom I had had only that farewell
kiss, was to be left grieving in the wilds
of South America. I knew she was safe
now with O’Donnell, but my thoughts
were far from cheerful.

  That day was the most miserable I ever
experienced. Every hour that brought
us nearer the terrible ending of our lives
made us more depressed.

  At last we gave up trying to carry on
any conversation, and just paced back
and forth in the dungeon, glancing down
at the floor as we passed each other,
neither daring to look each other in the
face lest both should break down and
give way to our pent-up feelings.

  At noon we received our dinner. It
was better than the meals we had been
given before, and wTe ate it, I don’t know
why; but all men condemned to death do
eat heartily.

  •And at supper - time we had another
good meal. Then darkness fell.

  It was now merely a question of a few
hours. If we had had any hope that the
consul would act in our behalf, that hope
vanished with the daylight. We knew
no official work would be done after
nightfall.

  Oh. what a dreary, horrible waiting!
Waiting for thS summons to follow a
guide to the patio, and there stand up to
be shot dead !

   We heard the great bell in the Santa
Rosa cathedral chime the hour of mid-
night.

  “ Two hours more! ” I heard Balover
mutter. “ Only two hours more to live.”

   Those two hours were dismal and long,
but at last they were over.

  We heard a drum. The ground in
which our cell was dug seemed to tremble
with the tramp of feet.

   “ It is time,” said Balover. “ A few
minutes and all will be—”

   Suddenly there was a terrific explo-
sion. Detonation after detonation split
the air. The ground seemed to heave
upward, (japing holes were made in the
top of our cell as the earth and stone
and adobe came crashing through.

  “ The ships have bombarded the
town! ” cried Balover, grasping my arm.

   It did not seem like a bombardment to
me. The explosions seemed to be in the
prison itself.

   “ Whatever it is,” I said, “ here’s a hole
big enough to crawl through. Come on.
It can’t be any -worse even if we are
caught.”

  We wriggled ourselves up through a
hole, and found ourselves in the long hall
of the prison. Men were rushing about
with lanterns, shouting, cursing, and try-
ing to find out what was the matter.

  We were not noticed. Nobody paid
any attention to us. Everybody was
scared out of his wits.

   We reached the road.

   “ Run,” I said to Balover—“ run for
your life. Let’s get back to O’Donnell’s
camp.”

   We started. Beyond the prison there
was a dark clump of woods. As we ran
along the road, from these woods a figure
darted toward us.

   “Bob! Jim! Wait, we’ve got horses.”

  Great Heaven, it was Kate Arnold!
And then from the trees, leading two
horses, came Mary O’Donnell.

   “ We didn’t dare bring any more. We
can ride these two and hurry,” said Kate.

  We wasted no time, but Balover took
Mary and I took Kate, and we bounded
away.

  “ I don’t understand how you hap-
pened to be there when the explosion
.took place,” I said to Kate when we had
gone far enough to slacken our pace a
little.

t
326

THE ARGOSY.

  “ VVe were the explosion,” replied
Kate. “ Didn’t you know what that
was? Well, that was dynamite. Mary
knew where her father kept it. He had
to go up in the hills last evening, and a
passing hunter gave us the notice of your
execution. Mary and I were frantic for
a time, and I happened to say I’d like to
blow up the old prison. Mary said
' Let’s.’ Well, to make a short story of
it, we took the dynamite and shattered
the jail. Thank God, we didn’t hurt you.
But you were going to be shot, anyway.
We took the chance of either getting you
out or killing you.”

  Here was a girl! I hugged her as we
hurried to the mining camp.

  There was, of course, a sensation. But
with horses loaned us by O’Donnell, and
a guide who knew a roundabout way to
the border, we started on a long journey
to Argentina.

  We reached the Plate River, and found
a boatman who would take us to Buenos
Ayres.

  At Buenos Ayres we rested, and on the
morning following our arrival Kate and
I talked over our affairs.

  “ I’ve got money enough,” I said,
“ and a profession. You are practically
mistress of your own affairs. Why wait?
Let us go to the United States embassy
and be married.”

  She agreed.

  We were courteously received at the
embassy.

  “ I think we know all about you,” said
a high official. “ We have even now as
a guest a young lady from Santa Rosa.
She has interested the ambassador in the
matter, but we feared it would be too
late. Anyway, you are in safe hands
now.”

  “ Who is the young lady? ” I asked in
surprise.

  “ Why—Senorita Isobel Fernandez,
the daughter of the old don. She ran
away from home, rather than go to Spain,
and sought refuge here. Learning that
she was engaged to marry an American,
of course we gave her our most hearty
protection.”

  In ten minutes Isobel was in Balover’s
arms,, and there were two weddings in-
stead of one.

  You can imagine the rest—the long ex-
planations, the laughter, and the tears;
though there was little to cry about,
except joy.

  We sailed for New York, where we
gtill are, a little older, but just as happy,
and Balover and I are both prosperous.

  We often argue. I insist that I did
not give him any assistance when he
asked it, and he insists that I did. I leave
you to judge.

                               THE END.

A MILLIONAIRE’S DILEMMA.

                  By M. GERTRUDE MILLER.

                  How a wealthy Californian came to run amuck
                  in a New York hotel noted for its quiet elegance.

WHEN Sam Johnson registered at
Denver or Chicago hotels, every-
body got busy, and the best room in the
house was at his disposal. For be it
known that from Chicago to the Coast,
Sam Johnson was popularly known as
the “ Mining King.”

  It was, therefore, from force of habit
that, upon reaching New York late one
Saturday afternoon, in the teeth of a
northwest blizzard, he looked about him
as he alighted from the cab to see how
many of the “ boys,” as he termed re-

porters, might be waiting for him. The
capitalist whom he had come East to
meet, in connection with a railroad deal,
had, however, designated a quiet hotel,
in order to keep the matter out of the
papers, and Johnson’s arrival attracted
no attention.

  The clerk appeared no more con-
cerned by the bold signature, “ Sam
Johnson, California,” than if he had
signed “John Doe, New York”; and,
indeed, beyond a certain freedom of
movement gained in the open, there was
A MILLIONAIRE’S DILEMMA.

327

little in Johnson’s personal appearance
to indicate the magnate.

  Upon learning his name, the clerk
handed him a telegram which had just
come. With the aid of his code-key,
Johnson grasped the fact that the
storm had delayed this wire, which
stated that the gentleman he had come
to see had concluded to meet him in
Chicago, instead of New York. John-
son gave utterance to an exclamation of
annoyance, then philosophically decided
that, now he was here, he might as well
take in the allurements of the “ Great
White Way.” With this end in view,
immediately upon reaching his room he
examined the contents of his pocket-
book.

  “ By George, I must have blown a
roll! ” he said to himself when he found
just a dollar in loose change.

  He, however, took out his check-book
with the easy assurance of a man on
good terms with his bankers, mentally
calculating that five hundred would do
“ as a starter.” He accordingly signed
the check with that peculiar series of
little kinks and flourishes affected by
moneyed men.

  “ I didn’t bring much cash with me,”
he said pleasantly, as he handed the
check, a few moments later, to the clerk.

  That individual puckered his brow,
and, after a whispered consultation with
the manager, promptly returned it..

  “ We don’t cash out-of-town checks
for strangers,” he said shortly.

  Johnson’s cheerful smile vanished.

  “ Do you know who I am? ” he thun-
dered.

  The clerk smiled superciliously.

  “ I don’t care a rap who you are,” he
remarked indifferently. “ Rules are
rules.”

  “ May I ask if you are in the habit
of insulting your guests?”

  A certain glint in the Californian’s
eye, unpleasantly suggestive of firearms,
warned the clerk, and he spoke in a
conciliatory tone:

  “ If you can find anybody to identify
you, we might accommodate you.”

  As Johnson sauntered over toward the
telephone-booth, which was presided
over by a haughty young woman attired
in a princesse gown, his thoughts were
working overtime. By a strange freak

of fate, he had no New York acquaint-
ances outside of the millionaire class.

  The girl at the switchboard opened
her eyes when Johnson asked her to call
up Henry Abbott. She knew the Ab-
botts had sailed for Europe that morn-
ing, for the “ Society ” column was
daily perused by her; but experience
had warned her not to make suggestions.

  “ The Riviera for the winter,” was
the curt information at the other end
of the wire.

  “ Ah—too bad—I had hoped to see
the old man while L was here. Try
William Thayer.”

  Thayer’s was a name to conjure with
in the East; but he had seemed a small
man when Sam Johnson “put him up”
at the leading Frisco club and enter-
tained him at his ranch.

  “ Egypt—been gone a month,” was
the laconic answer of the caretaker at
the Thayer residence.

  Seven other gentlemen of equal so-
cial and financial eminence were sug-
gested, but with equally futile results.
Some were on the Atlantic, one yachting
in the Caribbean—all were unavailable
for purposes of identification.

  When Sam Johnson had paid for
these calls he found himself down to
ten cents, and, for the moment, at a loss
what to do next. So absorbed was he
in his own thoughts that he failed to
observe the curious glance bestowed upon
him by the priestess of the switchboard.

  A sudden idea came to him as he
strolled across the lobby: why not try
to dispose of his return ticket to Sail
Francisco. He decided to breast the
gale and make the attempt.

  It would have been an “eye-opener,”
to say the least, eouki he have heard
the conversation at the desk as the re-
volving door swung to behind him.

  “ Say, whatever you got hold of
now?” asked the telephone girl. “Is
he an anarchist, or just crazy? Why,
he’s called up nine of the richest men
in New York—said he knew them inti-
mately — and the papers have all told
they were out of town.”

  The clerk glanced up, interested. “ I
don’t like his looks, either,” he re-
marked ; “ but we’ll gamble on him till
Monday morning, and then it’ll either
be cash up or get out.”
328

THE ARGOSY.

  As Sam Johnson crossed over into the
avenue, he had considerable trouble in
keeping his feet against the rapidly in-
creasing storm. The street lamps shone
dimly through the snow. For the first
time in twenty years he was without
money in a big city.

  He smiled rather grimly at the irony
of Fate—a penniless millionaire. What
a newspaper story it would make! But
meantime, he must get some cash. A
railroad ticket - office informed him it
would take some time, perhaps a week,
to arrange about the ticket, and Johnson
turned angrily on his heel.

  Contrary to the usual run of self-
made men, Johnson was without osten-
tation in his dress, and wore no jewelry,
except a pearl scarf-pin and a watch.
The former was a present from his wife.
For a moment the handsome interior of
his dining-room at home flashed before
his mind, and a vision of the one woman
in the world, lonely in all her luxury
because he was not there. No, he could
not pawn the scarf-pin.

  The watch was a gift from some fel-
low miners on the day they all struck
luck together. He remembered how
awkwardly they had made the presenta-
tion, yet how sincere a tribute of affec-
tion it was. He would starve rather than
part with that memento of the past.

. A hotel on the corner gave him a new
inspiration.

  “ By Jove! I’ll wire Bill Adams ‘ col-
lect ’ for funds,” he thought.

  Bill had been the spokesman of the
watch donors. Sam Johnson laughed to
himself as he thought of that gentleman
now, the meek husband of one of Chi-
cago’s social meteors.

  “ Sorry, sir,” said the Western Union
operator, “ but there’s another blizzard
starting in on the track of this one, and
the wires are down. You can leave the
message, if you like, and take your
chances. We may be able to reach Chi-
cago by Monday.”

  “ And I have the reputation of being
a lucky fellow,” Johnson reflected bit-
terly as he turned away from the tele-
graph-office. i

  The lobby was filled with well-dressed
people bound to theater and opera, and
he mingled with them, hoping to find
among that throng some familiar face.

But not one person had he ever seen be-
fore.

  As he stood on the steps watching the
last motor whirl away, Johnson realized
how a fellow down and out on his luck
must feel, looking on at a prosperous,
pleasure-seeking crowd with whom he
has nothing in common.

  “ Why, my check for a hundred thou-
sand would be honored anywhere from
Chicago to Frisco,” he reflected, “ and
here I am in New York, as destitute as
a hobo.”

  With a sigh for the play he must
forego, Sam Johnson hurried back to his
hotel, suddenly recollecting he had not
dined.

  “ I'm good for at least five square
meals anyhow, between now and Mon-
day morning,” he told himself.

  The food might have been execrable,
or it might have been ambrosia, for all
he knew, however, since he barely tasted
it. With a reckless air, Johnson tossed
his last dime to the waiter and left the
dining-room.

  Once in his own apartment again, he
laughed to himself over the ridiculous
predicament.

  To work off his irritation, he paced
restlessly back and forth. As he did so,
the main heads of a speech on the “ Ex-
pansion of the West,” which he was due
to deliver a week hence at the Chicago
Chamber of Commerce dinner, came into
his mind. In imagination, he saw before
him the sleek, prosperous members of
that dignified body. As the subject pos-
sessed him, his voice grew louder and
louder.

  “Say, No. 520’s crazy!” exclaimed a
small bell-boy, running excitedly up to
the desk. “ He’s yellin’ and talkin’ to
himself up there to beat the band! ”

  A sudden light dawned upon the
clerk.

  “ I thought that fellow was off his
bat.” he said, turning to the manager.

  “ Well, if he is,” suggested the latter
—a small, excitable man—“ you’d bet-
ter call up Belford right away. We
can’t take any chances. Remember what
a time we had with that crazy Dutch-
man last year—claimed he was an at-
tache of the German embassy, and
turned out to be an anarchist on his way
to Washington to kill the President.”
A MILLIONAIRE’S DILEMMA.

329

  The clerk picked up the telephone.

  “ Belford Hospital,” he said quickly.
“ Dr. Belknap, of the psychopathic
ward-—in a hurry. Oh, I say, is that
you, doctor? This is the Grantley.
We’ve got a fellow here who imagines
he’s a California millionaire, hut it’s
my private belief he hasn’t a cent.”

  The voice at the other end answered
calmly: “We can’t do anything unless
he grows violent—you’ve got to be care-
ful in such cases. If you have any
trouble with him. however, call upon
us.”

  “ You keep watch of 520, Jimmy,”
cautioned the clerk, returning to his
desk. “ If he goes off his head, run
right down here.”

  The small bell-boy had been all ears
during this conversation, and his face
betokened intense interest. With an ap-
preciative grin, he was off like a shot.

  The telephone girl stepped up to the
desk.

  “ No. 520’s just tried to have me get
Senator Bradley, of California, at his
Washington home,” she said excitedly,
“ and they told me he was at the White
House. No. 520 says to get him, any-
how, even if I have to call the President
in order to do it. Do you s’pose he’s
another? ” she added in an undertone.

  The manager walked back to the
booth with her. “ Instead of the White
House, he’ll get vie on the wire,” he an-
nounced decidedly.

  “ Yes,' sir,” as an excited voice sound-
ed from the upper regions, “ I’ll get the
White House right away—and when I
do, I’ll call you.”

  Meantime, Johnson’s restlessness had
increased to fever heat. A half-hour
elapsed, and he was not yet connected
with Senator Bradley. He rang fran-
tically for bell-boys—no response!

  “ Never mind that Washington call,”
he said finally, taking up receiver.
“ I’ll try again in the morning.”

  Sunday morning, early, the occupant
of Room 520 began to ring. Word had.
however, gone forth among the bell-
boys that he was crazy, and they feared
to answer the call—especially since the
dining-room had reported him as a
“ ten-center,” and there was, consequent-
ly, no glittering bait to stimulate their
courage. But, overpowered by curi-

osity, they had crept up noiselessly from
time to time lo reconnoiter. It was on
one of these occasions that Johnson
flung the door open suddenly and found
Jimmy crouched at the keyhole.

  The Californian had spent a sleepless
night, and his temper was completely
beyond control. Jimmy screamed lustily
as Johnson grabbed him.

II.

  A half-hour later, two gentlemen
who bad just been telephoning were as-
tonished to behold a frantic, wild-eyed,
disheveled person dragged through the
corridor, loudly protesting. His collar
was torn, blood streamed from a cut in
his forehead, and two- Belford attend-
ants who had him in charge seemed to
meet with no check from the manage-
ment.

  “What’s all this about?” asked one
of the onlookers, turning to the tele-
phone girl.

  “ Oh, just a lunatic who imagines he’s
a millionaire from California. He’s
been calling up the biggest men in New
York—tried to get a big check cashed
last night, but they were on to him right
away; so the minute he got violent, they
phoned the insane ward at Belford.
They’re taking him off now,” a«d the
girl shrugged her shoulders indifferently.

  The gentleman addressed suddenly
caught sight of the victim’s face.

  “ By all that’s holy, if that isn’t Sam
Johnson!” he exclaimed.

  “ What’s left of him, Duncan,” John-
son called out faintly.

  Mr. Duncan turned angrily to the
manager.

  “ What in the name of common sense
do you mean ? ” he demanded. “ Why,
this gentleman is known from one end
of the West to the other. If he’s out of
funds, he can draw on me for any sum
he wants.”

  “ And on me, too,” echoed his com-
panion.

  The doctors from Belford beat a
hasty retreat as they grasped the situa-
tion. The manager and clerk stood
aghast, too thoroughly overcome to at-\
tempt a defense.

  “ Mr. Johnson,” said the former,
finally pulling himself together, “ the
330

THE ARGOSY.

house is at your disposal. Only tell us
what we can do to square things—”
Before Johnson could answer, the
loud “Choo! Choo!” of an automobile
sounded at the door, and a pompous in-
dividual, fur-coated and capped, fairly
burst through the revolving-door.

  “ How fortunate I am to get here in
time,” the newcomer exclaimed, rushing
up to the Californian and extending his
hand. “ I hurried on here at once, when
the Auditorium told me you had just
left. But what on earth—”

  His eye suddenly lighted 011 Johnson’s
disreputable appearance.

  The clerk and manager exchanged
significant glances. Clearly their case

was hopeless noicf For when this gen-
tleman, who always selected the Grant-
ley for his private “ deals,” and had
left a golden train of gratuities in his
wake — when he once learned how his
friend had been maltreated, they would
see him no more at that hostelry, nor his
benefactions.

  Sam Johnson may have caught the
appeal in their eyes, or it may have been
his irrepressible sense of humor—for he
laughingly replied: “Oh, nothing, Mr.
Piermortt, I’ve just been ‘seeing New
York,’ that’s all. I thought we moved
some out our way; but I must confess,
for speed and excitement, we aren’t in
it with Gotham!”

SOMETHING FOR NOTHING.

                By ROBERT CARLTON BROWN.

                   The confessions of a bluffer in connection with an epi-
                   sode in which he himself was perfectly on the level.

IF anybody had come along at that
moment and offered me twenty real
dollars for my chances of heaven, and
I’ve always considered them pretty good,
I’d have taken the money without a mo-.
ment’s hesitation.

  You don’t hesitate when you’re bust-
ed, you know; there’s 110 use. If op-
portunity had knocked on my door,
she’d have never got away with it. I’d
have opened up so quick and pulled her
in and put her in the refrigerator for
safe keeping that there’d never have
been a chance for her to get out and do
any more knocking.

  But nothing turned up. I’d hocked
everything I had, except my socks, and
1 only had a clean pair of them left.
I’d called 011 every friend I knew and
used every persuasive argument I could
think of. But all to no avail.

  Here I was, fifteen cents in loose
change in my pocket and three well-
worn dollars in my wallet.

  There wasn’t any use of praying; I’d
got past that. So I sat there in my
elegant suite, consisting of a hall bed-
room, and absently fingered over the
three dollars.

  I puiled out a pack of cards to pass

the time and fell to pretending that I
was a gambler; not that I have ever
been anything else, although a mighty
poor one. Well, I’d take a card off
the top and put my fifteen cents on it to
hold it down. Then I’d look in the
glass at my face, beautifully bedecked
with whiskers, and meander on this
wise:

  “ Bill, I’ll bet you it’s a red card.”

  “What’ll you bet?” I’d answer my-
self.

  “ Three dollars,” was my quick come-
back, and then I’d flash the anemic roll
and Jay it on top of the card.

  After that I’d turn the card up and
find that it was black.

  You see, luck was against me. 1
couldn’t win even mind-money; and as
for paying those friendly little bets, I’d
just chalk them up on the bureau and
offer to double that the next one would
be a heart.

  Sure enough, when I turned the card
it would be a spade. You couldn’t beat
it. I could have gambled on my luck
without fear, but there’s no use gam-
bling that way.

  And the worst of it all was I was in
wrong on the love-game, too. When
SOMETHING FOR NOTHING.

331

you get in wrong that way there are
only two things left to do: go out and
drown your sorrow or yourself.

  You see, this girl wasn’t any common
article. She wras ace high, but she made
me feel like a deuce-spot when I looked
at her.

  I’d been telling her right along we’d
get hitched up, and she’d been calling
on me to produce the goods in the shape
of an engagement-ring. Well, what
could I do?

  It was a cinch I couldn’t tell her how
busted I wTas, for there’s nothing will
kill love quicker; and I couldn’t give
any plausible excuse about the ring, ex-
cept that I hadn’t found a stone good
enough for her.

  After that gag wore out, I told her
I’d got the ring and I was having it
engraved. The jeweler had been work-
ing on it about a week now, and I was
beginning to think he’d never get
through. So was she.

  Well, I kept on playing cards, until
I stood about three hundred out against
myself; and then I was struck with a
brilliant idea.

  No, I wasn’t going out to make a
name for myself and win her. I hadn’t
any game to work or anything of that
sort. The idea was quite common and
sordid, and not at all in the class with
most of them.

  It was only that I remembered a
friend, an old “ bar-keep,” who was the
only one on my calling-list that I hadn’t
touched.

  Of course, I couldn’t slight him; so
I jumped up, having just lost another
hundred to myself, and, leaving the
cards as they lay, I took down my two-
dollar Panama and made a noise like go-
ing away.

  The noise was very effective. My
landlady rushed out with an open hand.
I knew she couldn’t hurt me much with-
out doubling it up, so I walked right
past her and didn’t bat an eye.

  When I struck the street I was unde-
cided. It might be well to end it all by
falling through a handy man - hole.
For a minute I wished that some pass-
ing air-ship would drop a bag of ballast
and obliterate me. But then courage
came, and I decided to take my fate in
my own hands.

  Understand me right, I didn’t intend
to commit suicide or matrimony. I
wasn’t that desperate. I just thought
that a nice little lonesome walk down
on the dock would fall in well with my
present mood, so I lit out for the Bat-
tery.

  1 went down on one of the steamer
piers and stood around- in the way, half
hoping that somebody would come along
and push me off. But nobody did, and
so I kept on walking around.

  All of a sudden I looked down.

  Then I looked up.

  After that I looked around, pretend-
ing that I was searching for the Lusi-
tania, or some other mere speck 011 the
horizon, but in reality I was trying to
see if anybody was watching me.

  Nobody was. So, with one quick
lunge, I shot out my arm and picked
it up.

  Then I held it up to the light and
admired it.

  The stone was as pretty a one-carat
diamond as I ever saw in my life.

  The gem was set in a ring. I slipped
the thing on my little finger and flashed
it in the sun. My chest got in between
the sun and the ring, and I could hardly
see it for being so puffed up.

  Well, I didn’t waste much more time
on that pier. I didn’t like the scenery,-
anyway. What was the use of looking
for the owner, I argued. Of course,
the person who had lost it had sailed to
Africa that morning, and foreign ad-
vertising would be so expensive.

  Yes, I decided to keep it and not say
a word to the coroner or any other of
the city officials.

  I jumped on a car, and felt languidly
in my pocket for some loose change, as
though it weren’t worth the mentioning.
I found it, all right. Fifteen cents was
all. I looked at it with surprise, just as
though I thought I had any more, ex-
cept the three ones, which immediately
became small change in my eyes, dazzled
as they were by the diamond.

  It’s the surest thing you know that I
got off at Mabel’s street. Some way or
other, I couldn’t think of anything else.

  Didn’t I have the engagement - ring
now, and couldn’t we hock it and get
married? My luck had changed.

  Mabel came to the door; I went in.
332

THE ARGOSY.

  When we sat down I flashed it on her.

  “Oh, Bill!” she said.

  I took the bouquet and bowed for the
applause. It was all very nice. I
couldn’t have expected anything better
if I’d paid twice the price for the en-
gagement-ring.

  “ But, Bill,” she broke out suddenly,
slipping the ring over her thumb, “ it
doesn’t fit! ”

  “ Confound that jeweler, anyway! ”
I exclaimed, grabbing the ring away
from her. “ What right’s he got in-
sulting my bride-to-be by making the
thing so large? Still, he probably made
the ring after the regular pattern, and
didn’t figure on your fingers being so
much smaller than the rest of them.”

  She fell for it—women always do—
and she handed me a sweet smile when
I told her I’d have it fixed up for her
right away.

  1 slipped the ring 011 my little finger,
and we both sat there admiring it, like
two children looking at an all - day
sucker.

  Well, finally her happiness began run-
ning away with her, and she suggested
something about going out and getting
a little lunch to celebrate the occasion.
I hung back for a minute; she gave me
a queer look, and suggested that the ring
must have busted me.

  “ Not on your life,” I came back at
her. “ A little thing like that! Why,
girl. I was thinking of buying you a
pair of those stones, but I couldn’t find
another as good as this one to match.
Put on your duds and we’ll go right
out.

  “ But I’m not eating much myself to-
day,” I added, as I remembered the fact
that three little bones was all that there
was between me and being dead broke.

  I was just chuckling to myself about
the whole thing, and dreaming oyer
what I was going to do to the bookies
next day after I hocked that sparkler,
when she came back all dressed up, like
she was going to the races.

  Well, I managed to side-step a few
of the swellest joints on the Great
White Way, and finally hauled up at a
pretty good place where I .figured she
could fill her face for about two-fifty;
and I counted on myself for one little
highball, just for company, although I

had breakfasted that morning on three
cigarettes and the last drop in my flask.

  She didn’t order very strong, and I
was feeling mighty happy.

  Joe de Free came in, and I called
him over. He caught sight of the ring
and tried hard not to notice it. I saw
him turn green, however. He used to
be in love with Mabel.

  Well, he didn’t say much; he never
liked me, anyway. But he looked holes
in that ring, and then smiled and took
■the table farthest away from us. I knew
it made the right sort of a killing, be-
cause J oe knew diamonds; and he stuck
up his nose at this one, which clearly
showed that it was a pretty good
sparkler.

  I was tickled at the way he took my
sudden rise in the world, and so was
Mabel; she never liked him, anyway,
after the first time she saw me.

  You see, she knew he’d be watching
us, and she wanted to show him she had
a man with a roll; so she changed her
mind, called back the waiter, and lit
into that menu as though she was com-
ing down the home-stretch.

  The pace was a little too fast for me.
It went over my pile the third time she
opened her mouth. But I figured I
could call the head waiter aside and tell
him to hold off the balance until I could
send my check over. I’ve done that be-
fore.

  Having the three in my pocket to
show that I was right gave me confi-
dence, and 1 knew I could get out of it
some way by paying that part in cash.
It showed I had the right spirit, any-
way.

  The only thing that worried me was
that Joe would see me do it, and I
couldn’t stand for that. But I figured
I could excuse myself and see the head
waiter before the bill came, and have it
fixed without Joe de Free getting wise.

  Of course, I couldn’t say anything to
the girl. 1 peeked around the edge of
the table to see if she had her hand-bag
with her; but, 110, nothing doing—she
was out to lunch on my invitation.

  Well, I sat there and quailed in
spirit while she ate it on toast. I didn’t
get blue around the gills; in fact, I
never have since I learned to bluff at
poker.
SOMETHING FOR NOTHING.

333

  The game got kind of interesting, and
I watched her eat as though I enjoyed
it. She urged me to take something;
and Joe was looking, so I took a little
lobster salad just to keep her company.

  It was all I could do to keep from
picking up the dish and letting it all
down my mouth at once. I was that
hungry.

  Well, you know, all good things come
to an end, and mine came with a sudden
shock.

  The waiter tiptoed around to my side
and whispered in my ear:

  “ It’s Saturday afternoon, and I wait
out in Fort George in a hotel over Sun-
day ; would you please pay your bill
now, so I can get away?”

  Well, there was nothing to do but
pay, and very little to pay with.

  With my -best thousand-dollar air, I
reached into my pocket and said:
“ Certainly, gargon

  Of course, he thought I vvas the real
goods. I even deceived myself for a
minute.

  But only a minute.

  I felt again.

  My wallet was not there.

  Then I searched in my other pockets.
Nothing doing. Meanwhile, the waiter
was waiting, which, being his business,
didn’t worry me much; but 1 caught
sight of Joe looking at me out of the
tail of his eye, and Mabel was toying
with her fork and looking kind of
fussed.

  Then I remembered suddenly that I
had left the three bills at home on the
cards, when the sudden inspiration came
to go out and look up that old bar-
keep friend.

  I told the waiter about it, and he
smiled, as though he had heard the story
before. Maybe he had, for it’s one of
my best.

  I didn’t know what to do, so I didn’t
do anything.

  Then it occurred to me to call the
head waiter.

  He came and looked me over. It
was a careful scrutiny. I felt as though
I were taking a civil-service examina-
tion in bluffing, and was about to have
my examination-paper marked sixteen,
on the basis of one hundred points.

  I told him my story, too. I’d have

told it to the priest. 'I'he only weak
point in it was that I knew what the
wallet contained, and they didn’t.

  “ I’ve had too much of this around
here,” he told me at length, looking
me over carefully. “ I don’t cater to
the trade of the sporting fraternity,
anyway, and I think the best thing you
can do is to wait peacefully until I call
up the patrol.”

  I thought wildly of Joe. Then I de-
cided in a hurry that I’d rather go to
the station than borrow money of him.
Suddenly I caught sight of my ring.

  I had forgotten all about that. •
Pulling the diamond off. I assumed
my most haughty manner and remarked:
“ Possibly you will be willing to keep
this as a deposit until I return with the
cash for this trifling lunch ? ”

  It killed him. I could hear his last
breath as he passed away.

  Taking the ring, he started a series
of bowings and pardonings. I began
to think I was king of the South Sea
Islands and that I was hiring him just
to do that.

  I got so forgiving and generous all
of a sudden that I had a mind to- give
the waiter half my kingdom as a tip.

  But just then the throne fell.

  Possibly you never heard a throne
fall. I never did before. They make
an uproarious crash.

  You see, this was how it was: _

  Joe de P'ree had heard part of the
argument and noticed me offering the
diamond as security. I had seen him
making for the table on a gallop, but I
figured he only wanted to lend me
money.

  What was my surprise when he butted
in and grabbed the ring, at the same time
yelling:

  “ It’s a phony diamond. It ain’t
worth fifteen cents. They make ’em
over in Connecticut and sell ’em by the
barrel; they buy ’em down on the Bow-
ery by the bushel, and you can get ’em
anywhere by the peck.”

  That finished me. I waited patiently
for somebody to come along and carry
out the remains on a stretcher. I knew
it would be me. Who else could it be?

  My head hit what used to be my
chest, and I gave one groan as I looked
at Mabel.
334

THE ARGOS Y.

  Joe was standing beside her with that
blooming leer of his, and of course she
thought I did it all on purpose. It
hurt her pretty hard, I guess, and I
hated to see Joe standin’ so close to her.
But what could I do?

  The head waiter cremated what was
left of me with a fiery stare and started
in the direction of the telephone, which
I knew to be an instrument used on oc-
casions to call the police.

  Just as he left the tableau around the
table, in which 1 was playing villain
and Joe hero, an old fellow I had no-
ticed at the table next to us bounced up
and butted in.

  “Wait a minute!” he hollered, grab-
bing the head waiter by the sleeves and
pulling him back.

  “ Let me see that diamond! ” he went
on.

  The head waiter handed it over
dumbly, and I saw the old man’s eyes
light up.

  I didn’t hope. What was the use?
He was probably a detective, anyway.
Oh, but I was in wrong!

  “ You gentlemen are mistaken; that
is a diamond, but it is full of flaws and
yellow,” he continued, after a careful
scrutiny of the stone.

  Joe’s jaw fell. He hadn’t had a good
look at the thing, anyway.

  The head waiter looked at the vener-
able gentleman and began to back water.

  “ I’ll give you thirty dollars for it
right now,” the old gentleman offered
at length.

  “ It belongs to him,” said the waiter,
drawing toward me.

  “Will you take thirty for it?” the
old gentleman asked kindly, stepping
over to me.

  “ Will I—will I—will I take—say
that again, please,” I stammered.

  “ I’ve offered you thirty,” he repeat-
ed ; “will you take it?”

  For some minutes I tried to get the
nerve to reply; then I held my hand
out limply and answered: “ Lay it
there.”

  Pulling out the healthiest pocketbook
I have seen in years, the old gentleman
peeled a hundred-dollar bill from the
outside and handed it to the waiter.

  “ Get that changed,” he ordered.

  Joe disappeared.

  The head waiter lifted me back to my
rightful throne as king of the South Sea
Islands, and I dismissed him with a
wave of my hand when I began to feel
that his salaaming act was getting pretty
poor.

  The waiter rushed back, his hand
trembling with its load of bills.

  Skinning off fives to the number of
six, the elderly gentleman handed me
the thirty with a smile and slipped the
ring in his pocket.

  I paid my bill and cut for the door,
Mabel hanging weakly to my arm.

  Just as I got out I saw the old man
coming through the door.

  I turned to thank him as he got into
a taxicab.

  “Don’t -thank me,” he said; “even
if it was a poor diamond, I wanted-it.”

  “But for when and for why?” I
murmured weakly. “You don’t mean
that it isn't a diamond, after all ? ”

  “ It’s the rottenest fake I ever saw,”
he told me, “ and you played a pretty
poor game yourself.”

  “Me! Played a game?” I cried,
trying hard to understand.

  “ Sure. You knew it was a phony
diamond all the time,” he smiled.

  “ I did not. But if it’s a fake, why—
why on earth did you pay me thirty for
it then?” I cried.

  “ Bo,” and he pulled my ear closer,
“ bo, that hundred-dollar bill I changed
was a phony, too. I’ve been trying to
get rid of it all day. I saw the chance
there and took it. I’m much obliged to
you.”

  Giving the driver an order, he spun
off.

  I stood dazed on the curb, staring
after him, until Mabel grabbed me and
led me off as meek as a lamb.

  “ Have you got the price of a mar-
riage license?” she asked.

  I pulled out the remainder of the
thirty and answered: “Why?”

  “ Because,” she replied, “we’re go-
ing to get one. You need somebody to
look after you.”

  I was convinced that she was right;
and, as I had the price and felt a change
in my luck, I called up a taxi and we
started off.

  Just as we were turning the corner
Mabel looked back.
AT THE END OF HIS ROPE.	335

  Suddenly she grabbed my arm.

  “ What’s that man dancing up and
down on the sidewalk for?” was her
question.

  I took a look.

  The man she was talking about was
the proprietor of the restaurant, and he
was jumping around wildly in front of
his place.

  “ That doesn’t seem to be a look of
joy on his face, does it?” I smiled.

  “But what’s the matter with him?”

  “ Stung, I guessr1-

  It wasn’t until later that I really real-
ized who had got the worst of the deaj
that made me a happy man for life and
put the crook just seventy dollars ahead.
Then I realized why the restaurant-
keeper was dancing around.

  About a week after that my Wife and
I hit a bunch of luck, and consequently
fed our faces at the Waldorf.

  Just as we were being seated I saw a
little group around a near-by corner.

  To my boundless surprise, I made out
the face of the man who had given me
thirty for the phony diamond, and thus

stuck the restaurant-keeper for a hun-
dred.

  My blood boiled. He had accused
me of trying to work a game when I
was absolutely on the square. The fel-
low he had stung ought to get his
money back.

  I stepped over to the table, after whis-
pering to my wife to wait a moment and
watch what happened.

  When I confronted him he turned
deathly pale. 1 felt sorry for him for
a second—but no longer.

  Then 1 found that he had just be-
friended somebody or other, as he had
me, and had sent a fifty out to be
changed.

  I hurried after the waiter and asked
to see the bill.

  Sure enough, it was a phony.

  Then I bawled him out.

  Well, I paid back to the restaurant-
keeper the thirty that had put me on my
feet, so that left only seventy for the
counterfeiter to return. And when he
got our two rolls together you never saw
such a happy hash-house proprietor in
your life.

AT THE END OF HIS ROPE.

                    By FRED V. GREENE, Jr.

    Three thousand miles from home, hope gone, and the realization that you are being
    hounded by a man who has done you a service and is eager to make a touch.

H, good morning, Walker! ”
Myers wheeled around in his
chair and faced the young playwright,
who stood at a respectful distance from
the theatrical manager’s desk.

  “ I’m glad you came in,” he contin-
ued, “ because I wanted to see you re-
garding this play of yours. Just draw
that chair up here.”

  Walker did so, and a nervous ex-
pectancy came over him. Was his work
really going to be accepted?

  “ I’ve read your play,” Myers con-
tinued. “ That is, I’ve read it over
hurriedly; and I’m frank in saying I
like it. Of course, there are some little
defects—or, at least, they appear defects
to me—but they are so unimportant that
we could easily smooth them out. On

the whole, I think it is very good—very
good, indeed.”

  Walker’s breath was coming in short,
quick gasps. Now, perhaps, he need
not remember that he had only money
enough to last until a set day, and that
day rapidly approaching.

  “ Then you—take it? ” he said slowly.
“ Well, no; not exactly.” Myers
could not fail to notice Walker’s coun-
tenance as it slowly paled to the color
of chalk. “ Neither do I say I will not
take it,” the manager hastened to add.
“ I want a little more time to give it a
second reading.”

  “More time?” the younger man re-
peated bitterly. “ That’s what you all
say, and then, in the end, it comes back
to me.”
336

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Well, of course I don’t know what
the others have said,” the manager went
on; “ but, as for me, I am serious, and
mean business. To-day is Monday; give
me until Wednesday to decide, and I
assure you I will give you a positive
answer then. It will be yes or no.”

  “ Very well, sir,” Walker assented in
tones of disappointment. He seemed
completely discouraged. “ I shall come
back on Wednesday.”

  “ Yes, in the afternoon,” Myers added
•—“ about three o’clock. Is that agree-
able to you?”

   “ It is.”

  The rising of the manager to his feet
told Walker more plainly than words
that the interview was at an end, and,
accepting the extended hand, he walked
slowly toward the door, where he sud- t
denly faced about.	t

  “ Uo you think — do you think —
you’ll use it?” he queried falteringly.

 “Come back Wednesday — three
o’clock,” was the manager’s noncom-
mittal reply, and the playwright hastily
left the office.

  Upon reaching the sidewalk, Walker
stood for some moments, lost in thought.
He did not heed the passing throng. At
last he brought out his express company
book, and counted carefully the remain-
ing checks.

  “Just enough to last me the week
out,” he mused as he replaced the book
in his pocket. “If Myers does not take
the play—well, it’s the Annapolis for me
on Saturday. In the meantime, to eat
and sleep, I must count every penny be-
fore I spend it. Well, I’ve got to have
some more money, so I might as well get
it now.”

  He turned and walked slowly across
the square, headed in the direction of
the express company’s offices.

  Stanley Walker was distinctly Ameri-
can. Tall, broad-shouldered, and with
an air of self-confidence that marks the
self-made man, he was liked and re-
spected by all with whom he came in
contact.

  As society reporter for one of the
leading newspapers of New York, he
had come in touch in a small way with
the stage and its celebrities. Not as
closely as might be thought, perhaps,
but enough to instil into his heart the

ambition to write a successful play.
The germ of this desire was not left
very long in its original state, but grew
rapidly as Walker built upon a plot that
had struck his fancy; and, as the play
neared completion, he began to dream
of fame and riches.

  Contrary to the usual experiences of
young dramatists, Walker was successful
in interesting a manager even before the
play was finished, and a few months later
he saw the beginning of his dream real-
ized—the city was billed from one end
to the other with posters announcing the
new play.

  Then fate dealt him a cruel blojv.
The play, while not being ranked with
the season’s failures, wTas certainly not a
success; and after a two-wTeeks’ run, was
consigned to that graveyard which has
proved a resting-place for the hopes and
ambitions of so many playwrights.

  But WTalker was not discouraged; in-
stead, he saw defects in the play he did
not realize existed at the rehearsals.

  With this as a stimulus to further
effort, he resigned his position—he had
about a thousand dollars saved up—and
threw himself heart and soul into the
work a new play demanded. In due
time it was completed to his satisfaction,
and he set out upon the task of finding
a manager.

  Here he met his Waterloo. The man-
ager who had put on his first play would
not even read the new one—-he had lost
heavily on the other—and Walker trav-
eled from one theatrical office to the
next; but the same reply met him on all
sides—they were supplied with plays for
at least two seasons.

  At length, in absolute disgust with
American theaters, he decided to invade
a new field, and immediately began
preparations for a trip to London. He
gathered together all his available assets,
converted them into express-orders, rep-
resenting about three hundred dollars,
and sailed for England.

  Immediately upon his arrival he
started on his rounds of the theatrical
offices. But no manager greeted him
with outstretched hand—the right reach-
ing eagerly for the manuscript and the
left tendering a good-sized check for
advance royalties.

  Failure stared the dramatist in the
AT THE END OF HIS ROPE.	3L?7

face, and, although he fought against it,
he began to realize his hopes were ebb-
ing rapidly. But faster still, his funds
were dwindling away.

 Then came a sudden turn that
brought him from the depths of despair
to the heights of hope.

  He ventured, one day, timorously into
Mr. Augustus Myers’s office again, after
repeated efforts to see him. The man-
ager had now returned to the city, he
learned. Breathlessly he awaited the
answer of the boy who had taken his
card to the inner office.

  He could hardly believe it true when
that watch-dog came back and pompous-
ly pushed him into the sanctum sancto-
rum.

  The interview was very brief—Mr.
Myers said he would be glad to read
the play if Walker would leave it for
a few days; and after arranging for an
interview for the following Monday, the
young dramatist took his departure.

  Monday came at last, and he again
presented himself at Myers’s office. His
heart beat rapidly as he listened to the
manager’s words, and although there
was nothing definite arranged, he felt
now that the future did hold something
in store for him.

  But when. he reached the sidewalk,
and carefully counted the express checks,
he ascertained that, for the present at
least, it was not ready cash. He had
just enough funds to last until Saturday,
and leave sufficient to pay his passage
home, and then it would have to be one
of the slower steamship lines.

  When he reached the express com-
pany’s offices he took out the checks he
wished converted into English cur-
rency, leaving in the book just enough
to pay his passage.

  “ In gold, please,” he said as he
passed them through the' window.

  The clerk took the checks, examined
the signatures carefully, then proceeded
to count out the requested amount in
sovereigns and some silver.

  The money was pushed out to him
just as Walker realized that another
man had entered and stood behind him,
awaiting his turn at the window. A
quick glance disclosed a tall person hi
a gray suit.

  The playwright pulled the pile of
    10 A

coin toward him and, moving aside a
trifle, proceeded to count it.

  At that instant he heard the stranger
query: “Has that remittance arrived
yet ? ”

  Walker was on the point of glancing
up at the man whose voice he had in-
stantly recognized as distinctly Ameri-
can. Then a thought struck him.

  Here was a fellow countryman in a
strange land, evidently in need of funds,
who might recognize him as from the
United States and, seeing him counting
what looked like a large amount of
money, request a temporary loan. If
he did, what could he say, and how
could—

  “No; not yet, sir,” the voice of the
cashier broke in upon Walker’s thoughts.

  “ Good Heavens, man! I’ve got to
live, and I can’t return to New York
without funds. Are you positive my
cable was sent?”

  “Yes, sir; positive,” the cashier as- "
sured him.

  “ Well, I’m in a pretty hole, I must
say. If 1 only knew some one here in
London—”

  At that instant Walker dropped the
gold coins into his pocket, and they
clicked together noisily. Then he real-
ized the stranger had stopped abruptly
in his speech, and a peculiar intuition
told him the American was staring at
his back.

  “ What could I say or do if he should
ask me to loan him some money?”
flashed through Walker’s mind. “ 1
couldn’t do it, and he wouldn’t believe
me, and—”

  He felt a hand upon his arm, and
knew his fears had been realized. On
tbe impulse of the. moment, lie slipped
from under the weight of the stranger’s
hand and, without a glance toward him,
dashed from the office at full speed, and
springing into a waiting hansom, ordered
the driver to make all possible haste to
his hotel.

 II.

  The cab tore up the traffic-thronged
street at a reckless pace, Walker not
daring even to look behind, fearing he
might be followed. A strange feeling
had come over him at thought of the
dire plight of his fellow countryman.
338

THE ARGOSY.

  “ Why, his case is even worse than
mine,” the dramatist reflected, settling
back in the cushions. “ I can get back
to New York, while he—well, Heaven
only knows what he’ll do.”

  Then he added quickly: “ Pshaw!
He’ll get his remittance any moment,
and then he’ll undoubtedly be a great
deal better off than I am. From the side
glance I caught, he looked pretty pros-
perous, anyway.”

  Certain now that he was not followed,
he interested himself in the crowds
through which he was being driven, and
the incident was forgotten. But some
moments later it returned forcibly.

  “ Good Heavens!” he exclaimed
aloud. “ The last time I was at the ex-
press office I left my address there, with
orders to forward to my hotel any mail
that might arrive. Suppose the stranger
should ask the cashier who 1 was, and
if he knew where I was stopping, and
he should tell him? My running'away
as I did would only make matters look
worse, and he would not believe me
when I showed him how much I have
left in my check-book.”

  Instinctively, his hand sought the
pocket in which he had placed it. It
was not there!

  Thinking he might have absently re-
moved it to a different pocket, he rapid-
ly felt from one to the other. But his
eager fingers did not close upon the
book, and in utter dismay he realized it
was gone.

  He sprang to his feet and searched the
cab, but without success.

  “ I may have dropped it in the express
company’s office,” he muttered. “If I
did, I am safe, because the checks are
not negotiable by any one but me. I’ll
order the driver to return, anyway.”
Signaling the man, he directed him to
go back to their starting-place.

  “ What a fool thing to do,” he mut-
tered. “ Unless I find it, I’m as badly
off—no, I’m worse off—than that stran-
ger. Because he undoubtedly has some
one to cable to for money, while I have
nobody.”

  As they neared the express office, the
thought occurred to him that there wras
a possibility the American might not
have left there, but be waiting around,
hoping for the r^ply to his cable.

   “ Well, I don’t care if he is,” Walker
declared. “ I’ll face him this time with-
out compunction. It’s really his fault
if I dropped the check-book, because, in
my haste to get away, I may not have
put it in my pocket securely.”

  Nevertheless, he had a strong fear of
meeting the man, a dread that increased
to such an extent that as he neared the
office he kept a careful lookout for a
tall fellow in a gray suit. And it was
with a feeling of relief that he sprang
to the sidewalk when the cab drew up
to the curb, because a quick survey of
the interior of the office assured him the
dreaded person had left.

  Walker hurried to the cashier’s win-
dow.

  “ I have lost my check-book,” he in-
formed that individual, “ and wish to
prevent payment of the checks.”

  The cashier looked him over carefully
for a moment, then queried: “ Your
name, sir?”

  “ Walker—Stanley Walker,” the dra-
matist answered impatiently. “ You
know me—I was here only a few mo-
ments ago.”

  “ Yes, sir, I do,” was the response;
“ but it is a form I am forced to follow.
How much was there in the book?”

  “ Eight ten-dollar checks and one
five-dollar one. I evidently dropped it
right after I left here.” Then he added
in an appealing tone: “ Please try to
find it. I must have that amount to
get me back to New York.”

  The cashier’s face did not relax a
particle as he slowly opened a drawer
of his desk.

  “ I have it here, Mr. Walker. The
man who was behind you saw you drop
it as you ran out, and handed it to me.”
W alker reached for the extended
check-book, but his eyes were riveted
upon the cashier’s face.

  “ That man—that American—the one
in the gray suit—found it?” he stam-
mered.

   “Yes, sir.”

  “What shall I do?” the playwright
queried blankly. “ Should I reward
him? He needs money—I heard his
conversation with you.”

  Walker now felt his position to be
more complex than ever. Surely this
friendless stranger was entitled to some-
AT THE END

OF HIS ROPE.

339

thing, yet how could he afford to re-
ward him?

  Perhaps, by stinting himself, he could
spare him a pound, but this amount
might be considered an insult. Before
these thoughts thaf raced through his
brain had resolved themselves into any
definite decision, the cashier said:

  “ I think he is going to hunt you up,
sir. He opened the book and looked at
the checks before he handed them to
me, and then asked if I knew what hotel
Mr. Walker was stopping at.”

  “And you told him?” Walker que-
ried, aghast at the new turn of events.

  “Yes, sir; fortunately, I had your
address, and gave it to him.”

  Walker heaved a sigh of -despair, so
deep and sad that the cashier was
alarmed.

  “ I hope I did right in giving it to
him,” he ventured.

  “Yes — no — oh,, it didn’t matter.”
Then he turned abruptly and started to-
ward his cab, the charges for which he
knew were accumulating rapidly.

  Again he directed the driver to his
hotel, and then leaned his chin dejected-
ly on his hands.

  “ What next?” he mused. “As if I
hadn’t / troubles enough already! If
there were a cheap steamer leaving to-
day, darned if I wouldn’t take it and
save the cost of my board and lodging
till Saturday. I can get a job on a
New York newspaper easily enough.”
Then suddenly:

  “No, I’m hanged if I will; I’ll stay
till Saturday, and see the game to the
finish. But if I do that, I’ve got to
keep dodging that gray - suited fellow.
Because now I owe him a reward, I sup-
pose, and I know he would not accept
it. But he wafits a loan ; he thinks I
could not refuse him, after what he’s
done, but as luck—my brand of luck—
would have it, I’ve got to do so. And
now he ,has my hotel address—that
proves my theory as to what he wants—”
He paused, then added, almost plain-
tively : “ I don’t know why I am cursed
with such confounded ill luck.”

  He was now within a block of his
hotel, and at this instant he saw, cross-
ing the street just ahead of him, the
tall, gray-suited American.

  Instinctively, Walker pressed as far

back as possible into the cushions, but
the stranger did not look in the direc-
tion of the cab, and a sigh of relief
broke from its occupant.

  “ I suppose he’s been to the hotel to
interview me,” Walker muttered, “ and
tell me how much 1 am indebted to
him, and that a small temporary loan
would be greatly appreciated.”

  He glanced around as he stepped
from the cab, then hurriedly paid the
driver and dismissed him. He walked
rapidly into the hotel lobby, and as he
passed the desk the clerk called to him:
“ There was a gentleman here to see you
only a few moments ago, Mr. Walker.”
“ I know it,” the dramatist snapped.
“ Oh, you saw him, then.”

  “No, I did not.” Walker realized
that he had said more than he intended,
and added in a more genial tone: “ But
I felt sure some one would call this
morning.”

  “ The gentleman seemed quite disap-
pointed not to find you in,” the clerk
continued. “ He asked me if I knew
when you would return, and as you had
given me no direction, I had to tell him
I did not. He said he would come back
this afternoon.”

  “Oh, is that so?” Walker’s tone
was careless in the extreme.

  “ Yes, and he left his card and—”

  “ Let me see who this persistent per-
son is,” the other interrupted, reaching
out his hand for the bit of pasteboard.

  The clerk fumbled among some papers
on his desk, then searched under it care-
fully, but his quest proved fruitless, and
he avoided Walker’s inquiring looks as
he said nervously: “I had it only a
minute ago, but I can’t find it now. It
seems to have disappeared, but I’ll come
across it and send it up to you.”

  “ Don’t trouble yourself. It is of
small importance.”

  There was a sarcastic tinge to Walk-
er’s tone that the clerk mistook as lieing
directed towards himself.

  “ Oh, I’ll find it, sir. It must be
right here.”

  “ Very wrell; if you do, send it up
to me. I am going to my room, and am
at home to no one.” Then, with more
determination in his tone that usual, he
repeated: “ Understand me—I am at
home to no one.”	\
340

THE ARGOSY.

  He turned from the desk, and, as he
crossed the lobby, caught a glimpse of
a person entering the hotel. It was just
a fleeting glance; but it was enough.
He recognized the gray-suited American.

  Hardly conscious of what he was do-
ing, he sprang behind a convenient
screen, without being seen by his caller,
and awaited the interview between him
and the clerk, being close enough easily
to overhear their conversation.

  “Is Mr. Walker in?” he heard the
stranger inquire.

  “ I do not think he is,” the clerk re-
plied evasively.

  “ Well, find out,” the stranger com-
manded.

  “ Yes, sir, of course. Page, go up
to Mr. Walker’s room, one hundred and
fourteen, and see if he is in.”

  It seemed an age to the screen-shel-
tered dramatist before there was further
conversation at the desk; and then it
was the announcement by the bell-boy:
“ Mr. Walker is not in.”

  He could almost see the clerk turn to
the stranger, as he heard him inquire
suavely: “ Is there any word you wish
to leave, sir?”

  “ No.” There seemed a thoughtfulness
in his tone as he added: “ But I could
have sworn I saw him get out of a cab
here about five .minutes ago. I was
standing on the next corner—oh, well,
as soon as he returns tell him I called.
You have my card?”

  “ Yes, Sir—yes, sir,” the clerk hastened
to reply.

  “ Very good.”

  The sound of retreating footsteps told
Walker the man was moving toward the
door; and, after a brief wait, he emerged
from his hiding-place.

  “ That’s the man, sir,” the clerk said,
as the guest approached him.

  “ So I judged,” he returned. “ I didn’t
see him, and I don’t want to. Let me
look at your London, guide.”

  The clerk hastened to produce Ithe
book; and, for some moments, Walker
pored over its pages. Then, without
looking up, he directed: “ Make up
my bill immediately, and have a cab at
the door in five minutes. I’m going to
leave.”

  “Why so soon?” the clerk broke out
in amazement. “ 1 hope, sir. it isn’t be-

cause I lost the card; because I’ll find
it—”

  “ Nothing to do with it,” the play-
wright interrupted tersely. “ I’ll be
down in five minutes.”

  He stalked away from the desk; and,
upon reaching his room, hastily packed
his trunk and rang for the porter, after
which he descended to the office again.

  “ We’re sorry to have you go, Mr.
Walker,” the clerk said with real regret,
“ very sorry. Will you leave an address
for us to forward any mail that may
come? ”

  “ There will be none,” was the blunt
reply. “ Hence, 1 do not need to leave
my address; but, in case there should be
any letters, hold them for me. I’ll com-
municate with you in a day or two.”

  Walker quickly paid his bill; then
hurried to the waiting cab.

  “ A pretty state of affairs,” he grum-
bled, as the vehicle rumbled off toward
the address given to the driver. “ Forced
to move because an insistent American
is determined that I shall lend him
money. Confound him and his nerve! ”
he added vindictively.

III.

  “ Fairly decent hotel,” Walker com-
mented, as he unpacked the articles
necessary for the brief stay at his new
abode, “ although I can’t say that I
should care to stop here any longer than
Saturday. But it will do ' until then.
The one great thing in its favor is that
it is some cheaper than my last hotel.

  “Heavens, what an existence!” he
added, as he flung himself dejectedly into
a chair. “ It’s enough to drive a person
crazy, this waiting for one manager
after another either to - accept or turn
down a play.”

  He took his pipe from his pocket,
and, lighting it, puffed away in thought-
ful silence. He was building air-castles ;
thinking of what would occur if Myers
should'accept the play.

  For some unknown reason, he pinned
a heap of faith to this man. He re-
called the old saying, about the darkness
before the dawn, and muttered : “ Well,
if I’m not in the deepest darkness just
at present, I want to drop out of ex-
istence before it becomes any denser.”
AT THE END

OF HIS ROPE.

341

  For some time after the last few
flakes of tobacco in his pipe had burned
out, Walker sat in the depths of a brown
study; at length he stretched his limbs
and roused himself.

  “ I shouldn’t be wasting my time this
way,” he murmured. “ I ought to be
planning a new play. But I don’t
think I could work out the simplest miss-
ing - Jetter rebus just at present, much
less concoct a plot. But surely I can’t
stay in this room all day to-day and to-
. morrow. Yet, I suppose I must; be-
cause, as sure as I go out, I’ll come face
to face with that persistent American.”
“ Oh, well, I’ve got to eat. I’m going
to risk.it.”

  He left the hotel, and made his way
to a restaurant. After a simple luncheon,
lie strolled aimlessly around the city,
taking care to avoid the Strand and the
vicinity of the express station. Finally
he decided to run out to Golder’s Green,
so headed for the nearest tube-station.

  It was long after dark when he
reached his hotel again. His afternoon
outing had given him an appetite, and he
permitted himself the extravagance of
a hearty dinner, after which he soon
went to bed.

   “ Confound it, I can’t stay indoors to-
day,” he told himself the next morning.
“ I’ve got to get some exercise. I think,
after breakfast, I’ll take a stroll, and
wind up at the hotel I left yesterday.
It’s barely possible there may be some
mail there. But I do wish it was to-
morrow, so I could end this uncertainty
regarding Myers.”

  He hunted up a small restaurant, par-
took of a light breakfast, then walked
slowly in the direction of the Strand.
As he turned into this famous street, a
cab pulled up at the curb beside him,
and a voice exclaimed: Why, Mr.
Walker, of all people! ”

  The young dramatist faced about, and
saw a smiling, feminine face leaning
far out of a hansom.

  For an instant lie could not realize
he was staring fixedly at Miss Hope
Bailey, an actress he had often come in
contact with during his newspaper ex-
periences. His amazement quickly gave
way to a broad smile of pleasure at meet-
ing her again, and he advanced eagerly.
“ Well, this is a surprise,” he said.

  “ And just as much of a one for me,”
Miss Bailey returned, laying her hand in
the one Walker had extended. “ And
so this is where you are keeping your-
self, is it?”

  “ Yes, keeping myself is a good way
to express it. I assure you no one is re-
sponsible for me.”

  “ Well, why not jump in and take a
spin with me,” she suggested. “ I will
drop you any place you say.”

  “ And I accept the invitation very
gratefully,” Walker returned, taking the
vacant seat at the young lady’s right.
“ Why, it’s just like being in New York,
to see you again. How are you getting
on? As I remember it, your new play
was to open a few days after I left for
London.”

  “ Splendid ! ” she announced gleefully.
“It was the one big success of the sea-
son ! Think of it—you have the honor
of sitting alongside a full-fledged star.
Don’t you feel impressed?”

  “I don’t know,” Walker laughed.
“ I can’t see that the quick change from
a little star into a great big one has
altered you to any noticeable extent.”
Then his 'face sobered; and he added
thoughtfully: “ So the plav was a hit,
eh?”

  “ Indeed, it was! Why, at the Satur-
day matinees they had .to move the or-
chestra under the stage.”

  “ The play was written by Burton,
wasn’t it?”

  “ Yes; and he is certainly very clever.
But how about yourself? Your last play
was not very successful, was it?”

  “No; not if the box-office receipts
be taken as a criterion,” Walker laughed
bitterly. “ It ran only two weeks.”

  “ That’s too bad,” Miss Bailey sym-
pathized. “ I heard about it ; and—
why, just think, 1 haven’t seen you since
you were on the Recorder. You must
bridge that gap of time, and tell me all
that has happened in the interim.”

  “ Really, there isn’t anything to tell,”
the dramatist answered slowly. “ I
wrote the play that was a failure—so
much you know. I wrote another.” He
paused a moment; then added grimly:
“ I have it yet.”

  “No one has accepted it?”

  “No one,” Walker repeated sullenly.
“ I came to London to market it. I
342

THE ARGOS V.

have been unsuccessful in my mission,
and leave for New York on Saturday.”
“Is it a woman’s play?” the actress
queried eagerly.

  “No; it is written for a man. And,
as luck would have it, all the managers
claim they want a play for a woman
star. 1 have reached the conclusion that
men stars are things of the past.”

  “ I know an actress who is looking for
a good play. She is to be at my New
York dinner — why, there, I never
thought of it! Are you engaged for
Wednesday night?”

  “ Until Saturday, my entire time is at
my disposal,” Walker replied gloomily.

  “ Then you must join us,” Miss Bailey
went on enthusiastically. “ I am giving
a dinner that night to the New Yorkers
I know who are in London just now.
You will come? ”

  “ Thank you ever so much, and I
shall be delighted to do so.” The play-
wright’s eyes glistened at the pleasant
prospect.

  “ Here is my card. We will count on
your presence. By the way, - do you re-
member Carroll Dempster, who made
the big hit in 1 The Crossroads ’ ? He
is in town, and will be with us, too. I
know I can assure you a jolly time.”

  “ I don’t doubt it; and I’ll be mighty
glad to come.” There was a truly sin-
cere ring to Walker’s tone. “ Just ahead
is my hotel; and, if you’ll drop me there,
you may then continue your drive with-
out the gloomy companion you have had
for some moments.”

  ' “ If you care to drive on with me,
I’ll guarantee to lift you out of the
depths you seem to be in.”

  But Walker pleaded an engagement.
In truth, he felt embittered against the
world and himself.

  It annoyed him to learn of the success
of others. It only seemed to magnify
the enormity of his failure. And while
the meeting with Hope Bailey had been
a joyous surprise, the news of what
others were doing made him so discon-
solate that he well knew he should only
prove a bore if he acted on her sug-
gestion.

  He shook her hand warmly as he
alighted in front of the hotel lie had
left the day previous, and with the
words: “To-morrow night and let

nothing interfere,” ringing in his ears,
he turned toward his former hostelry
and entered the lobby.

  “Any mail for me?” he queried of
the clerk.

  “ No, sir. no mail,” was the reply.
“ But—”

  “Anybody called?” he went on.

  “Yes, sir; a, gentleman was here late
yesterday afternoon to see you.”

  “ I don’t doubt that,” Walker laughed.
“ I hope you explained that I had left
without giving any address.”

  “ Yes, sir, I did. He seemed quite
disappointed, but left his card, saying
that if we heard from you to tell you
that he wanted to see you as soon as
possible.”

  “ Well, of all the display of congealed
nerve and brass! ” the dramatist splut-
tered. “ Let me see the card, anyway.
I’d like to know who this American is.”
“ He isn’t an American,” the clerk
explained. “ This is the card he lefty”
Walker took it carelessly, allowing his
eyes to glance at it inquisitively. Then
an exclamation of surprise and joy burst
from his lips.

  “ Myers ! ” he exclaimed. Facing the
clerk, he queried eagerly: “He said
he wanted to see me immediately?”
“Yes, sir; he said it was very impor-
tant, and seemed quite put out to think
you had left no address.”

  Walker hesitated a moment; then
turned upon his heel and hurried to the
street. Here he hailed a passing cab,
and ordered the man to drive to the
manager’s office.

  “ I can’t believe he has accepted the
play,” he kept telling himself. “ It
seems too good to be true! Yet what
else should he be so anxious to see me
about? It must be that! ”

  Although the driver was urging his
horse to an unusual speed, it seemed to
the now thoroughly aroused dramatist
as if he would never reach his destina-
tion. But, at length, the cab drew up
before the building; Walker paid the
fare, and hurried within.

  “ I wish to see Mr. Myers,” he an-
nounced to the office-boy. “ Here is mv
card.”

  “ Mr. Myers ain’t in, sir,” the boy
replied, without offering to accept the
card.
AT THE END

OF HIS ROPE.

343

  “Yes, he is,” Walker insisted. “He
sent for me—in fact, lie called upon
me yesterday, and not finding me in,
left word for me to come here as soon
as possible:”

  “ Well, I don’t know nothing about
that,” the boy said slowly. “ But I do
know he ain’t in now. He was here
yesterday, but he left for Paris last
night.”

  The dramatist’s face fell.

  “He has gone to Paris, you say?”
he repeated blankly.

  “ Yes; and he told me himself that
he would noc be back Jill Thursday
morning. If he wants to see you, you
had better come around then.”

  Without a word, Walker faced about,
and shambled out of the office.

  “ It’s no use! ” he fairly moaned.

  Then suddenly his eyes blazed fire;
and he ground his teeth together.

  “ It’s that American’s fault! Of
course, Myers has decided to take the
play—that’s certain. But the suspense
of it would have been ended if I had
not changed my hotel. And that man
forced me to it—curse him! ”

  Then he calmed down, as he again
found himself upon the street.

  “ Oh, well, it will be all right Thurs-
day, I am certain,” he told himself.

IV.

  The remainder of the day dragged
slowly by, Walker feeling too impatient
to busy himself with any work.

  Suddenly the thoughts of his engage-
ment for the next evening occurred to
him; but he quickly decided he would
not avail himself of the good time Miss
Bailey had promised. He knew every
one there would be successful people of
the day; while he—well, he had just
simply failed. He felt he could not
endure the stories of their attainments—
these would only accentuate his own con-
dition.

  When he had accepted the invitation
the day before, this had not occurred to
him; but now he saw the folly of at-
tending. He knew he could not be him-
self ; and his depressed spirits would
certainly be noticed.. It would certainly
be in strong contrast with the jovial,
happy people around him.

  Yet Walker could not nerve himself
to send his regrets. He pondered over
the subject for some time, and at length
reached a plan of action—he would call
Miss Bailey on the phone Thursday, and
plead a business engagement which came
up at the last moment, and did not give
him an opportunity to write.

  His dinner was scarcely touched; and
he hurried to his room again, where he
flung himself into an easy chair. Here
he sat far into the night, smoking and
thinking.

  The next morning he awoke to the
realization that his head throbbed and
ached. He felt ill—sick mentally and
physically. He endeavored to eat a
light breakfast, but gave it up in disgust
—his stomach rebelled at the very sight
of food.

  It was late in the afternoon when
Wralker strolled out into the street,
thinking the air might benefit him. In-
stinctively, his footsteps turned toward
the building in which were located the
Myers offices, and, without heeding his
direction, he kept on, and was presently
standing before the place. “ Myers may
have returned,” he told himself. “ I’ll
just drop in, anyway, and find out.”

  But the manager was still in Paris.

  “He went over there to see some
play that was to go on last night,” the
boy informed him. “ Mr. Myers heard
it was a good one, so he went over to
see if he could get it. He was going
to see the final dress-rehearsal.”

  Walker’s face blanched, and he stag-
gered at this piece of news.

  Could it lie Myers would take it in
preference to his own? He felt com-
pletely crushed now.

  He made his way slowly back to his
hotel. He was glad now that he had
made no preparations to accept Miss
Bailey’s invitation—he surely could not
go now. He retired early to his room,
to be alone with his discouragement.

  The next morning found him in the
same gloomy state of mind, although,
shining through it all, there was a ray
of hope. But it was so small that often
it was lost completely for moments at a
time; then would appear, only to be
quickly swallowed once more in the
darkness of despair through which he
was groping.
344

THE ARGOSY.

  He felt a growing repugnance for
London, and began to plan for his ar-
rival in New York. With these thoughts
uppermost in his mind, he started for
Myers’s place again.

  Although he knew the theatrical man-
ager did not make a practise of reaching
his office before eleven o’clock in the
morning, Walker presented himself there
about nine-thirty, hoping that by some
chance Myers might arrive before his
regular time. But, as the moments
passed slowly, and the hands of the office
clock neared the hour of eleven, the
playwright’s nervousness increased until
it became a positive torture.

  Suddenly the unkept engagement of
the night before came before him. It
had entirely slipped his memory during
the morning, and he realized he had
committed a breach of etiquette that de-
manded an immediate explanation of
some description.

  Yet he feared to leave the manager’s
office, feeling certain Myers might come
in at any moment. And he might not
stay, and—

   In the midst of his thoughts, Walker’s
eyes had wandered to the telephone in-
strument upon the wall; and a resolution
came to him. Here was an opportunity
to phone without expense, and still re-
main on the watch for his quarry.

  “ Would you object to my using
your telephone a moment ? ” he inquired
pleasantly of the boy, forcing a smile to
his face. “ I have forgotten to make a
call that is necessary, and if I go out to
do so, I may miss Mr. Myers.”

  The lad did not deign to look up from
the paper in which he appeared so in-
terested.

   “ All right,” he agreed.

  Walker stepped to the instrument,
and, after ascertaining the telephone
number of the hotel at which Miss
Bailey was stopping, removed the re-
ceiver and asked for the connection.

   A brief wait; and a voice at the other
end informed him: “ This is the Royal
—with whom do you wish to speak?”

   “ Miss Bailey,” the playwright replied.
“ Is she in ? ”

  “ I do not know; but I will find out
for you,” came over the wire. “ Who
shall I sav wishes to speak to her?”

  “ Mr. Walker.”

   “ Just a moment, please.”

  Walker knew he was not a good one
at inventing excuses; and nervously
rested first upon one foot, flien upon
the other, while he waited for the voice
he had asked for.

  “ Anyway,” he reasoned to himself,

“ this is better than being face to face.
She cannot see my countenance giving
the lie to my words.”

  Just then a voice which he recognized
queried: “Is this you, Mr. Walker?”

  “ It is; and good morning, Miss
Bailey,” was the stammered response.

II J_

  “ Now make it a good excuse while
you are about it,” the other interrupted.
“ Really, I am very angry. Why did
you not join us last night?”

  “Business prevented!” Walker de-
clared so positively that he was himself
amazed at the truthful sound of the
statement. “ A manager sent for me,
regarding my play, and, of course, I
had to respond.”

  “ And it was accepted, after all ? ”
Miss Bailey inquired eagerly.

  ‘‘No—not yet.” Walker’s tone was
doleful in the extreme. “ But he is look-
ing quite favorably upon it. These
things all take time, you know.”

  “ Well* his looking favorably upon it
is something,” the voice remarked quiet-
ly. “ But, really, you should have com-
municated with me. Perhaps I am sel-
fish in even thinking this way, because
I know business before pleasure every
time. But Carroll was so disappointed.
You see, I had told him you were to
be here, and he said he wanted to see
you very much.”

  “And who is Carroll?” Walker
queried.

  “ Why, Carroll Dempster, foolish,”
was the chiding reply. “He says he
knows you. You ought to know him—
he made tbe big success in ‘ The Cross-
roads.’ ”

  “ I remember him,” the other re-
turned. I knew him before he was
prominent.”

  “ He said he was quite anxious to see
you,” Miss Bailey went on, “ and asked
if I knew where you were stopping.
Fortunately, I remembered where I had
dropped you the other day. and told him.
He smiled very strangely, and said he
AT THE END

OE HIS ROPE.

345

■would call upon you. Do you know
why the name of your hotel should
cause him to smile?”

  “I — 1 don’t know,” Walker stam-
mered.

  He was on the point of correcting
her with regard to his stopping-place;
but, on second thought, refrained from
doing so.

  “ He probably only wants to tell me
of his success,” he mused.

  “ But I wish you would dine with
us some evening before you go,” Miss
Bailey continued. “ I mean, with Mr.
Dempster and myself.”

  “ Thank you; I will try to arrange it,”
Walker said as if he meant it. “ I will
communicate with you as soon as I can
arrange it. There is not much time left,
and I have a great deal to attend to
before I leave for New York. Again
I repeat my regrets regarding last eve-
ning.”

  “ Well, I accept your apology,” she
laughed. “ Good-by, for the present.”

  As Walker turned from the telephone,
he heard heavy steps in the hallway;
and his eyes lighted up expectantly as
the manager entered the room.

  “Oh, hallo, Walker; you here?” w'as
his greeting; but the frown that gathered
upon his forehead did not escape the
dramatist.

  “ Yes, sir,” he responded. “ I am
here because you sent for me.”

  “So I did. But I want to see what
mail there is for me. Just sit down a
few moments, and then I’ll see you.”

  He nodded toward a vacant chair,
and Walker settled in it, while the man-
ager hurried on toward his private office.

  For some time the playwright was
kept waiting, endeavoring to draw some
conclusion from Mr. Myers’s words or
looks. But, although he tried to reason.
it out from all sides, in the end he
found himself as much in the dark as
ever.

  True, the man’s frown did not fore-
cast'success; yet his words were cheerful.
Then he had sent for him; and, if he did
not -want to see him, he could have dis-
missed him with a few remarks.

  But just as Walker felt certain all
was well, the frown would come before
him, and banish the hopes he clung to
so tenaciously.

  The bell in the private office suddenly
rang, and the boy hastened to answer
the summons. He quickly returned, and
ushered the dramatist into the manager’s
presence.

  “ Sorry to have kept you waiting,
Walker,” Myers began, as he fumbled
idly among the papers that cluttered his
desk. “ But sit down a moment.”

  The playwright pulled up a chair,
and leaned forward expectantly.

  “ Well, Walker, your play is a good
one, and I certainly think it will make
a hit when produced.”

  “Then you take it?” the other broke
in excitedly.

  “ Not so fast,” Myers cautioned, while
Walker’s face broke into a nervous smile.
“ After you left, Monday, I settled down
to read it thoroughly. The more I read,
the more I liked it; and my only wonder
is that some manager did not pounce
upon it long ago.”

  Walker’s spirits soared far above terra-
firma; and he could hardly realize that
he wras not dreaming, or that his ears
were not playing a cruel trick upon him.

  “ So I decided it was just what I wan-
ted ; and, as you perhaps already know, I
called at your hotel—or, at least, it was
the one you gave me—to arrange mat-
ters, and get them settled up quickly.
I do not need to tell you that the clerk
there informed me you had departed
only a short while before, leaving no
new address.”

  The playwright stared fixedly at the
man before him, only by great effort re-
fraining from breaking in upon him and
demanding an end to the uncertainty.

  “ I left word that if you called to tell
you I wished to see you. On my way
down-town, I met a friend who told me
of a new play that was in the final re-
hearsals in Paris, and for which great
things were predicted, and with the
English rights still open.”

  Myers was not looking at Walker as
he talked, so did not see the sudden
change in the other’s face. Indeed, the
American was swaying in his chair, as
if he were about to swoon. But the
manager kept on.

  “ So I jumped over to Paris—I saw
the play—and have the signed contracts
for the English production here in my
pocket.”
346

THE ARGOSY.

  He glanced up at the man before him,
and his face clouded at what he saw
there.

  Walker’s head had sunk upon his
chest, and he swayed back and forth as
if every few seconds he would fall to
the floor. But, as the other stopped
talking, the dramatist quickly braced up.

  “Then you—don’t want—my play?”
he inquired thickly.

  “ I can’t use two,” the manager de-
clared. “ And I like this new one better
than I do yours. Of course, it may not
be as good; but I have seen it tried out,
so I feel practically safe in taking it.”
His voice lowered to one of real sym-
pathy.

  “ I hope you will soon find a manager
to produce yours, Walker. I really
think it excellent, and—”

  “ Yet you don’t want it yourself,”
W'alker said, in a hollow voice.

  “Why, how can I use it?” Myers
returned impatiently. “ Really, it’s your
own fault that we have not already
signed our contracts. I had decided to
take it, and went to find you. If you
hadn’t changed your hotel—”

  “You’d have taken it,” Walker in-
terrupted bitterly.

  “ Exactly! Why, we’d already have
begun to pick the cast. Here is your
manuscript.”

  The other took it mechanically, and,
for a moment, neither spoke. Walker’s
eyes had a far-away look in them as he
stared at the opposite wall. Then his
face hardened, and he burst out vin-
dictively :

  “ That American! He’s to blame! ”
“ What do you mean?” Myers queried.
“ I mean—” the playwright paused,
then seemingly bringing himself back to
the present, a look of despair spread
over his countenance—“ I mean that—
I’ve reached the end—of my rope!”
The manager stared questioningly at
him; but, before he could inquire fur-
ther, Walker rose from his chair and
strode rapidly from the room, venting
his spite upon the world in general by
noisily slamming the door after him.

V.

  Walker hurried back to his hotel as
one in a semiconscious condition, so

dazed was he over the terrible disap-
pointment. He kept muttering in an
undertone: “Failure! Failure!”

  In fact, his actions seemed so strange
to the passers-by that many of them!
turned and stared after him, thinking
he must be mentally unsound.

  When he reached his hotel he rushed
directly to his room, where he remained
in a sort of stupor for some time. He
stared unseeingly at the opposite wall,
a dull, blank expression in his eyes.

  Then suddenly they lighted up with
a gleam of rage, and he sprang to his
feet.

  “ That American! ” he cried, as he
paced up and down the narrow room;
“ he’s to blame for it all. He forced
me to change my hotel! He forced me
to miss Myers! He forced me to fail-
ure ! ”

  His teeth ground together, and he
added, in a tone that almost resembled
a whistle as the words shot through
them: “ If I had him here now, I’d do
something desperate—something I would
regret later.”

  Sheer exhaustion—mental and physi-
cal—at last caused him to slow down
from the steady stride with which he
had continued to pace back and forth,
and a few moments later he flung him-
self upon the bed, where, tired out, na-
ture quickly closed his eyes, and he fell
into a heavy sleep'.

  The next morning he felt quite him-
self again. The recollection that with-
in the next twenty-four hours he would
be on his way to New York had a cheer-
ing effect. London had grown positive-
ly distasteful to him, and he looked for-
ward eagerly to a return to his native
land.

  After breakfast he carefully placed
his check-book in his pocket and started
out for the express office, having already
planned to secure the cash and then go
to the steamship company’s office for his
ticket. It was early in the summer, so
he was sure of finding accommodation.

  As he stood before the cashier’s win-
dow, he noticed there was a strange man
behind the enclosure, and his fingers
trembled with nervousness as—he pushed
the checks through the grating.

  “ By the way, Mr. Walker,” the man
said as he glanced at the signature,
AT THE END

OF HIS ROPE.

347

“ there was a man here yesterday, asking
if we had any idea where you could be
found.”

  The dramatist glanced up angrily, and
a steely glitter showed in his eyes.

  “There was?” he repeated slowly.

  “Yes; and he seemed anxious to lo-
cate you. I made a memorandum of it.”
The fellow fumbled among some papers.

  “ Ah, here it is. His name is Mr.
Dempster.”

  Walker’s expression softened.

  “ Tell Mr. Dempster, if he calls
again, that I am leaving town very sud-
denly,” he said, “ and as I will be miles
away before he will know where I have
been staying, it is no use leaving an ad-
dress for him. Tell him—tell him—”
There was just a faint trace of a choke
as he added: “ I may see him in New
York this winter.”

  Walker hurried to the street after
counting his money.

  “ I suppose I ought to see Miss Bailey
before I go,” he mused, “ but I simply
cannot nerve myself to the ordeal. Be-
cause it is an ordeal to me—forced to
listen to the achievements of others.
Then she would probably have callers,
and—yes, Dempster might drop in, too.
1 shall not give him the opportunity of
telling me of his great success, when I
can’t come back at him with regard to
myself, except with the plain, unvar-
nished statement—I’m at the end of my
rope. Perhaps things may change be-
fore the winter, and then I’ll be glad to
see him.. But not now,” and he shook
his head decisively.

  The anticipation of the trip seemed to
lighten his mind of a great load as he
left the steamship office. The rest of
the day found him in a cheerful mood—
something so new to him for so many
weeks that he marveled at it. He spent
the afternoon sightseeing — there were
many points of interest he had over-
looked—and that evening the packing of
his trunk seemed to give him a new lease
on life.

  The next morning he awoke to find
the sun streaming into his window, and
this tended to increase his good spirits.
He had a pleasant smile for the hotel
help with whom he came in contact, and
even extracted from his small supply of
cash a little token for eaclione.

  The cab that had been summoned was
already waiting at the door when he de-
scended to the office and paid his bill,
while his luggage was being loaded upon
the vehicle.

  All Walker’s troubles had faded into
insignificance when he entered the car-
riage ; the driver mounted his box, and
with a snap of his whip the dramatist
realized that his unsuccessful stay in
London was about to draw to a close.

  The cab drew up before the St. Pan-
cras Station, where the boat train started,
and the playwright watched the porters
as they took charge of his baggage. It
lacked a half hour of the time for the
train to depart, but lie made his way to
his carriage and took a seat by an open
window, from which point he watched
the busy throng upon the platform.

  So completely taken up was he with
the scene before him that he did not
hear his name called by a young man,
and not until this same person stood di-
rectly by his window did he notice him.

  “ Walker, for Heaven’s sake come out
here a moment! ” the newcomer ordered.
“ I must see you.”

  In surprise he turned toward the voice
and recognized Carroll Dempster. For
one brief second the dramatist hesitated,
then he hurried to the station platform,
his curiosity as to what this man wanted
spurring him on.

  “ He can’t talk very long,” he con-
soled himself as he stopped in front of
the actor.

  A glance at the clock showed that the
train would leave in ten minutes.

  “ Well, of all of the will-o’-the-wisps
I’ve ever heard of, you are the worst,”
Dempster declared, wringing the play-
wright’s hand. “ I’ve hunted London
from one end to the other, and now
that I’ve got you just as you are leaving
town, I must talk quickly. In the first
place, you must stay here another week.”

  Walker stared at the man in astonish-
ment.

  “ Why, impossible, Dempster! ” he
exclaimed. “ I’ve already got my cabin.”

  “ Never mind that,” the other insisted.
“ Travel is light at this time of the year,
and the steamship company will change
your ticket for some future date.
You’ve got to do it, because I reallv
crossed the ocean to see you.”
348

THE ARGOSY.

  “ I don’t understand,” the dramatist
faltered.

  Suddenly the thought that the pur-
chase of his ticket had used up nearly
all his money, and that at the present
time he did not even have enough to
pay for a week’s stay at a good hotel,
caused his positive response:

  “ I really couldn’t do it, Dempster.
I’ve got to get to New York on this
steamer. Very important.”

  “ Important, eh? ” the other mimicked.
“ There is something far more impor-
tant to you right here in London; and
you will stay at my hotel as my guest,
and go back next Saturday with Miss
Bailey and myself. I want that play of
yours.”

  “ You want—my play! ” cried Walker
in a tone of utter astonishment.

  “ Yes, 1 want it, and I came to Lon-
don to get it. I’ve had a merry chase
after you, and now I want my answer.
Do 1 get it?”

  Before the dramatist could overcome
his surprise and joy enough to reply, the
train beside them pulled slowly out of
the station. He had not even heard the
guard’s call of “ All aboard ! ”

  “Come, do I get it?” Dempster re-
peated.

  A smile scattered itself over Walker’s
countenance, and he broke into a hearty
yet nervous laugh.

  “ Of course, if you want it.”

  “ Then come with me,” the actor went
on. “ You are my guest for the next
week. But, first of all, we’ll get your
steamer ticket exchanged for next week’s
boat. I’ll telegraph ahead to hold your
luggage until then.”

  Walker had as yet been unable fully
to grasp the import of the good news,
and as Dempster returned to his side
and led the way to a waiting cab, he
queried: “ How do you know you want
the play? You haven’t read it, have
you?”

  “ I certainly have,” was the quick
reply. “ I chanced upon it in New
York. Seldon & Co., the play-brokers,
have a c.6py, and while there one day
they gave it to me to read. I saw im-
mediately what I could do with it, and
after going over the script thoroughly, I
put it up to my managers. They had
had it some time before, they said, but

had passed it up, but were willing 1
should try it if I saw' anything in it.
Upon inquiry, I found you had gone to
London, so took a trip across, killing
two birds with one stone—a short vaca-
tion and an endeavor to find you.”

  “ And you succeeded in both,” Walker
laughed.

  “ Yes, but came very near failure,” the
other interposed. “ Ever since I saw
you in the express office that morn-
ing—”

  “ You! ” A look of blank amazement
came over the dramatist’s face. He
stared at the other, and a look of under-
standing showed itself.

  “ Tall American—gray suit,” he mum-
bled.

  “ And when 1 went to your hotel, and
you had moved without leaving any ad-
dress— Say, Walker, what ails you?”

  “ Nothing, really; ” but the playwright
smiled strangely as he made this reply.

  “ Well, all right, but you look con-
foundedly funny; just as if you had seen
a ghost. Then Miss Bailey told me she
had seen you, and that you were to be
with us at her dinner. But you didn’t
show up. I was mighty disappointed;
and as she said you spoke of sailing to-
day, I came down to the boat train.
Luckily for me, I caught you just as—”

  “ Just as I reached the end of my
rope,” Walker interrupted.

  “ What do you mean ? ” the other
queried.

  “ Nothing. Just a saying of mine,
used in connection with theatrical man-
agers.”

  “ Well, I felt 1 had reached the end
of mine, as far as securing a play for
Miss Bailey and myself was concerned,”
Dempster said; then in a cautious whis-
per added: “it’s a secret, Walker, but
I’ll let you in on it. Miss B. and I are
engaged to be married, and I guess it’ll
take place as soon as we get to New
York. Naturally, we would like to play
together, and although the majority of
managers object to such an arrangement,
mine have consented, providing we find
the play.”

  “ But mine is a man’s play,” Walker
said fearfully.

  “ I know it; but there is a fine part
for Miss Bailey, and we have a new
idea regarding it whereby it can be
TWENTY-FOUR

HOURS START.

349

greatly strengthened. That work is up
to you. If you agree, as soon as we
strike Broadway, you’ll get the signed
contracts and the advance royalties. Is
it a bargain ? ”

  “ Here’s my hand on it,” was
Walker’s answer.

  “ Bully! ” cried Dempster in his
hearty way. “Just ahead is the steam-
ship office. We’ll get your tickets
changed; then, on to my hotel.”

  The cab pulled up at the curb, and
both men sprang to the pavement.

  “ While you’re inside, I’m going to
telephone Miss Bailey,” Dempster said.
“ You see, I told her nothing of my
plans regarding your play until yester-

day morning. I wanted to surprise her
Thursday night with the good news.
She told me then you had phoned her,
but she did not know where you were.
The clerk at the hotel where she
dropped you informed us that you had
left.”

  “ And so I had.” Walker turned and
looked the other straight in the eyes.
“ Do you know, Dempster, that but for
you I would have placed my play with
Myers, the manager?”

  “ How is that ? ” the other queried in
surprise.

  “ Never mind now. This sidewalk is
not the choicest place to converse. I’ll
explain some day.”

TWENTY-FOUR HOURS START.

                      By BURKE JENKINS.

                       The sad state of an ambitious young man
                       doomed forever to be a trailer and worse.

THE astrologer swore roundly,
though not in Persian, when
the little bell tinkled cheerily in an-
nouncement of another arrival.

  Of course it meant more money, but
even so public a servant as a reader of
the stars for struggling humanity cer-
tainly must have some time to himself. It
was already eleven-thirty, and he had
made it a rule to give no audiences later
than eleven.

  Indeed, when was he to get any sleep?
Did he not have a date with a star that
was to rise about 2 a.m., the meeting to
take place on his roof, with a telescope
as chaperon?

  But though he grumbled thus, Clian-
edra, the soothsayer, whose advertisement
appeared every Sunday, tucked his feet
into his tasseled slippers, drew on his
somber cloak, dropped into his most
effective stride, opened the door, and
gave entran.ce to his visitor.

  That the young fellow who rushed in
excitedly needed something was most evi-
dent, and perhaps he was right in think-
ing that here was the place he could get
it. x

  “You are Chanedra. the astrologist ? ”
he cried wildly.

  “ I am,” admitted Chanedra calmly,
both for effect and to moderate the oth-
er’s nervousness. Won’t you be seat-
ed?”

  The young man sat down tentatively
on the very edge of the chair indicated
and jumped into wordiness.

  “ Now, it isn’t that I’ve got any faith
in predictions or fortune-telling, or any-
thing of that sort,” he began, “ but it’s
just as the very last resort. This thing’s
got to be stopped ; it’s got to be explained,
or something. It’s getting too much for
me! ”

  “ Just a minute, my dear fellow,” in-
terrupted Chanedra coldly. “If you have
no faith, why are you here? And if I
am to follow your story, suppose you be-
gin with some common source that both
of us can understand.”

  The evenness of the astrologer’s tone
told upon the youth.

  “ I never noticed the thing until after
I had graduated from college,” he went
on in a far more collected manner. “ In-
deed, the very first instance was the time
I tried to -start The Galloper.”

  “ You are still too vague for me,”
broke in the seer.

  “ Well, then. I’ll state facts as clearly
350

THE ARGOSY.

as 1 can. As 1 indicated, 1 graduated
some four years ago. I was accounted
bright enough in my studies, and ranked
well enough up. 1 was rather versatile
of accomplishments and found some
difficulty in deciding upon my vocation in
life. Finally, however, it seemed best to
me to start a newspaper in a small way,
for I had been particularly successful in
college journalism.

   “ Accordingly, I rented a little plant
with a front office, and got out a first
edition of what I was pleased to call The
Galloper. I worked pretty hard on the
make-up of the sheet, and was more than
satisfied when I scanned it over before I
sent it out. But not fifteen minutes
after the papers left the place an ac-
quaintance of mine came trotting into
the office.

   “ ‘ Well,’ said he, with a grin, ‘ I’m
blamed if 1 can see the joke in the thing,
Dobson; but I suppose it’s some new
advertising wrinkle of yours.’

  “ ‘ What’re you talking about?’ I
asked him.

  “ ‘ Why, look here.’ He slipped from
his pocket a copy of my new paper, The
Galloper, then he once more fished into
his coat and brought out another paper.

   “ 1 Look at the elate on this,” said he.

   “ ‘ Why, it’s the 30th,’ said I. ‘ It’s my
first issue.’

   “ ‘ Now look at this one,’ and he prof-
fered the other sheet to me.

   “ That paper, which bore the strongest
possible likeness to my own, was dated
the 29th.

  “ ‘ What the—’

   “ ‘ And what’s more,’ continued he, ‘ I
bought this paper yesterday.’

   “ 1 What! ’ 1 cried.

  “‘Then you know nothing of it?’

   “ * Not 1,’ I answered truthfully,but he
went away, laughing at what he took for
my drollery.

  “ Three more days I tried to run that
paper, but every one of my editions had
been duplicated and set on sale; and,
mark you this, before, a day before, I had
printed them myself, or indeed had even
written half of them. Somebody cer-
tainly had a wonderful scoop 011 me.

  “ Then, one night, 1 had an idea come
lo me while I was in bed. It was a patent
for an automatic door-opener. It wTas
practical in every detail—worked to a

nicety. I got out my model of it and
sent it to Washington.

  “ The result? After the customary
delay, I received a letter, along with my
model, which was therewith returned.
The letter stated that, by the most re-
markable coincidence, they had issued the
patent rights upon an identical affair
such as mine, which they had received
the very day before mine arrived at the
patent office. The letter qyen intimated
that they wondered how / should have
got hold of the idea so soon. Can you
beat that?

  “ Then I wrote a novel and took it to
a publisher. I saw his brow cloud as he
scanned the opening sentences of my
manuscript; then he turned 011 me
sharply.

   “ ‘ You made a little mistake in bring-
ing this particular manuscript to me,’
said he, ‘ for it happens that I have just,
only yesterday, consented to publish the
original.’

  “ The thing was getting on my nerves
by now. Four other attempts I made to
forestall my unseen and premature copy-
ist. Until finally to-night the last straw
fell on me. I’m not boring you? ”

  “ Scarcely,” answered the astrologer
softly.

  “ Of course, you must know,” the
young man continued, “ that my best
efforts to succeed in the world were being
put forth in the hope of inducing a cer-
tain young lady to share her fortunes
with—”

  “ A-ha! ” sibilated Chanedra. “ They
are always in things.”

   “ Yes,” assented the other, “ and this
very night, frenzied almost beyond my-
self, I rushed over to her house, threw
myself at her feet, and poured out my
love for her. Would she come to me and
let us make our way together?”

   “ And the result? ”

  “ Listen. She was kind; too kind, for
I guessed even before she had said it.
Only last night she had been proposed to
and had accepted that mythical, mystical
enemy of mine! ”

  “ What! ” cried the astrologer, be-
trayed into genuine surprise. “ You
have even seen this other?”

  “ Oh, how I’ve tried! But something,
almost uncanny, always prevents my run-
ning up with him. He’s a veritable will-
IT IS THE MAN.

351

o’-the-wisp to me, though he’s anything
but such to others.

  “ But, tell me, have you ever heard of
such a case ? Am I losing my mind ? Can
you help me? ”

  Chanedra rose languidly and stepped
over to where a ponderous volume lay
open upon a small table.

  “ Where were you born? ” he asked as
he turned the pages.

  “ I was born in Philadelphia.”

  “ When ? Be exact as to time.”

  “ The morning of July 26, 1873.”

  For a full five minutes the seer con-
sulted the page; then he turned slowly
upon his caller and said:

  “ There is little I can do for you,
young man. But I can help you to
understand the most unfortunate circum-
stances under which you were born.”
“How? What?” the other cried
eagerly.

  “ Well, it happened that upon the
morning of the 25th of July of that very
year, and in the self-same city of Phila-
delphia, this ‘ other ’ you speak of was
born. You see the significance, don’t
you? The same stars ruled the planets
at that time; and so the same destinies
will be yours. But with this exception
—he has twenty - four hours start of
you! ”

  “ You must be mistaken. You’re chaf-
fing me. How do you know when the
fellow was born, anyway? A-ha, now
I’ve got you ! ”

  “ Have you? Well, it appears that
again he had the head start of you; for
in this very room, at this very hour last
night, 1 gave him a reading and advised
him to propose to the girl.”

  “ Great Heaven! And I ? Must I
go through my entire life doing the things
this scoundrel does on the following
day?”

  “ I see no other way,” answered the
seer compassionately.

  “ Then I’ll kill myself! ” cried the
miserable young man.

  “ I’m afraid even that is denied you,”
answered Chanedra calmly, “ for, as he
happens to have achieved the object of
his heart, and sees a happy life before
him, it seems to me that he will be the
last man to commit suicide. Of course,
you understand that lie must do the deed
the day before you can ever hope to
carry out the purpose.”

  Then it was, on that instant, that the
visitor dashed madly out into the mid-
night ; while Chanedra, the astrologer,
folded another dollar bill among the
others, winked at the telescope, and
crawled into bed,

IT IS THE MAN.

            By MARIE B. SCHRADER.

     A story about two men and a woman, with an experiment
     in boat-sailing as an important episode in the game.

“ T UST what I wanted.”

  J Edward Grant threw down the
letter, but quickly picked it up again,
and read it over again carefully.

  “ Talk about the force of thought, and
all that sort of thing, I would like to
know how you explain this,” he said to
the friend who was whiling away an
hour of a dull afternoon in idle chat.

  “What is it?” inquired the visitor.
“ A prospective sale of property? ”

  “ I wish it were,” answered the real-
estate man. “ Not business. Pleasure
pure and simple, and I mean to forget
that there is such a word as ‘ property.’ ”

  “ Easily said,” returned his compan-
ion, “ but in times like the present it is,
I fear, a subject which ean’t readily be
dismissed.”

  “ Business is dull,” went on Grant;
“ and that’s one reason why I am glad
to escape for a while from the worry of
it. For several days I have been think-
ing of leaving town, but hadn’t settled
upon a definite plan. I tried to remem-
ber where my different friends spend
their week-ends, but couldn’t locate a
single one of them. Just when T had
about determined to remain at home
along comes this invitation. It’s from
352

THE ARGOSY.

\

Hudson. You know Wellington Hud-
son.”

  “ The fellow who won the race last
year with his yacht, the Sylphide?”

  “ The same,” answered Grant. “ He’s
a bully sort. Money to burn; and he
burns it, too. Two automobiles and
property galore. All he has to think
about is what he will do to amuse' him-
self. For the past month he has been at
Athol Beach. He wants me to join him
for a visit. Needless to say I shall not
think twice before accepting. Flere
goes.”

  With these few words Grant rang a
messenger call and busied himself with
the wording of his telegram, which con-
sisted of the one word, “ Delighted.”

  “ I don’t believe in stringing out a
wire to ten words just because I have the
privilege of sending that many for the
same cost as one,” he explained in an-
swer to his friend’s expression of surprise
at his brevity.

  “ When do you leave, Grant? ”

  “ As soon as I can pack my steamer-
trunk. The first train out will suit me.”
“But what about business matters?”
“There are none. My assistant, Brown,
will attend to everything. I am not going
to Europe, you know, and can get back
on short notice.”

  He looked at his watch.

  “ I must hurry if I am to catch that
three o’clock train. It is usually crowd-
ed on Fridays. So long, old chap.”

  “ By the way, Grant, don’t drift into
a, summer flirtation while wading in the
briny.”

  “Oh, don’t worry. I can take care of
myself. Besides, I am not susceptible.
I have the technique down fine, but I
never have put my heart in the game.
Then, too, flirtations are, to say the least,
expensive.”

  He hustled things, and was set down
at his friend’s stopping-place late that
afternoon.

  He looked around for Hudson, and dis-
covered that gentleman at one end of the
piazza, almost completely concealed from
view by a circle of young women of
various types and ages. They were all
enthusiastic over something he was tell-
ing them, which later proved to be noth-
ing newer than the old, old story of how
his yacht won the race.

  They had all heard it before, but no
one was willing to admit that fact. Men
were too scarce to worry over their petty
weaknesses.

  “ Hallo, Grant! ” exclaimed Hudson,
with a genuine tone of hearty welcome in
his voice. “ Your telegram said, ‘ De-
lighted.’ The expression is mutual. I
never was so glad to see anybody in my
life.”

  Thereupon he introduced every woman
in the circle. Grant scanned them all
casually, and then his host exeused him-
self, and the two strolled off down the
piazza.

  “Now, old chap,” said Hudson, “turn
yourself loose. The place is yours. We
will do anything you say, go anywhere
you like. What do you think of the
ladies? ”

  Grant gave him a bored look.

  “ Oh, I know how you size them up,”
went on Hudson; “ but what is a fellow
to do ? One must have society of some
kind. And, after all, they mean well.”

  “ Oh, these people who mean well! ”
complained Grant. “ To tell the truth,
it would be a refreshing change to find
some one who isn’t so anxious to please.”
“ There is one of that very type right
here in this hotel,” said Hudson. “ I
have been wondering how she exercises
such a powerful fascination over all the
men. The women hate her. That goes
without saying. She is the sort who
doesn’t care about anybody or anything,
unless she wants to, and several men
have already proved that she doesn’t
want to care about them. She says what
she thinks regardless of the results.

  “ I don’t intend to give you the idea
that she is rude. Nothing of the sort.
She is only thoroughly independent. A
spoiled child. Has had her own way all
her life, and is dreadfully stubborn in
consequence.”

  “ I see,” remarked Grant. “ Every
man bows before her, consequently she
doesn’t care about any of them.”

  “ That’s it exactly,” answered Hud-
son. “ How well you understand. She
is utterly different from any other girl
you ever met before.”

  “Is she?” inquired Grant, with a
quizzical look. “ Do 'you know much
about women? ”

  “ My dear boy, they are like open
IT IS THE MAN.

3C3

books to me. All their little idiosyncra-
sies of temperament—all their petty
tricks. Why, I have never met one who
could mystify me.”

  “ Except this one? ”

  “Well, yes; except this one.”

  “And you are in love with her?”

  “ How ^lid you guess it? ”

  “ Intuition, I suppose.”

  “ I don’t mind owning that I am.
However, I am not alone. I wish I were.
Every man in the hotel is mad about her.
She is young, beautiful, and wealthy.
What more could one desire?”

  “ Nothing,” replied Grant, “ if all you
say is true. But, old fellow, you’ve got
to show me. I’ve heard of these para-
gons of beauty and wealth before, and
the description given me by the infatu-
ated man was never a true likeness of
the baffling original. No detective could
have used it as a trustworthy aid in a
search for the heroine.”

  “ Wait until you see her,” said Hud-
son. “ She’s out on the Walk now.”

  “ Sorry I must restrain my impa-
tience,” rejoined Grant, with a good-na-
tured smile. “ She probably won’t pay
any attention to me, either.”

  “ I guess you’re right.”

  “ Well, I like that,” said Grant, some-
what piqued.

  “ Have you registered yet? No? Come
right up to the desk. Then we will go
up to your room.”

  “ Hudson, you’re too kind.”

  “ Nothing of the sort. Come, we will
go up and look things over.”

  For a moment Hudson appeared em-
barrassed, then added in a hesitating
voice:

  “ I have engaged the room next hers
for you.”

  “ You did. How singular that you
should chance to get it ? ”

  “ Singular? Nothing of the sort. I
had all kinds of trouble in getting it.
You sec, old fellow, I have been just a
little bit selfish in inviting you down
here. My rooms are on the next floor,
and I thought that when you came down
—er—the walls ^re very thin—and when
we talked—er. You 'see, her room is
right next to yours, and—”

  “ I understand,” broke in Grant. “ You
intend that we shall have some confiden-
tial chats concerning your appreciation

    11 A

of her charms. She, quite by accident,
of course, will overhear us, and her esti-
mation of you will go up ninety per
cent.”

  “ My dear boy, you’ve struck it. How
clever you are.”

  At this point in the conversation they
entered the elevator. As Grant removed
his hat he looked up, and there beside
him stood one of the prettiest young
women he had'ever seen.

  There was a certain modesty, combined
with independence, in her bearing, that
attracted him instantly, and when she
raised her large brown eyes they seemed
to go straight through him.

  Hudson greeted her warmly.

  “ How ’did you enjoy your afternoon,
Miss Wakefield?” he inquired politely.

  “ Oh, immensely,” she replied, with a
sweet smile.

  Grant pinched Hudson’s arm.

  “ Oh, Miss Wakefield,” went on Hud-
son, “ may I present my friend, Mr.
Grant, of New York?”

  Miss Wakefield recognized the intro-*
duction with a- charming, but indifferent
smile.

  Hudson gave Grant a significant look,
as much as to say, “ How did that strike
you ? ” but that gentleman merely re-
turned the greeting perfunctorily, and
then turned his head the other way.

  All three stepped out on the same floor.
The young woman nodded to them, and
walked rapidly down the hall. Hudson
and Grant strolled leisurely after her.

  “So that’s the wonderful creature?”
exclaimed Grant.

  “How did you figure it out?” asked
Hudson in surprise.	_

  “Oh, she’s the only. one who came
anywhere near your glowing descrip-
tion,” answered Grant nonchalantly.

  Miss Wakefield had already disap-
peared within her room as the two en-
tered the adjoining one.

  “ Well, here we are,” said Hudson.
“ I’ll stay down fof a while. It’s time
to dress for dinner. You can go ahead
while I talk; then we will go up to my
room, and you can talk while I dress.”

  He leaned over to Grant, and added
in a whisper:

  “ She can hear every word. I will
start the conversation now, and you must
help me out.”
354

JTHE ARGOSY.

  “ I understand,” whispered Grant in
return. “ Fire away. Now, let me see,
you want to impress her with the intensity
of your admiration. That’s the idea,
isn’t it ? ”

  “ That’s it,”, answered Hudson in a
whisper. “ Here goes.”

  “ The young lady I introduced you to
in the elevator is the one I have told you
so much about.” he. went on in tones a,
little louder than he ordinarily employed.

  “Oh!” exclaimed Grant. “ You don’t
mean it ? ”

  “ Why, you say that as if you were
surprised,” returned Hudson.

  “Well, I was,” admitted Grant. “ You
told me she was very beautiful and
charming and—”

  Hudson slapped him approvingly on
the back and whispered:

  “ Old man, you’re all right. Keep it
up. Keep it up.”

  Then, aloud, he continued:

  “ So I did. Words are inadequate to
express all that I would like to say about
her. There isn’t another girl in the place
who can compare with her. Now, isn’t
she all that I have said. Isn’t she the
most beautiful—”

  “ That’s just it,” broke in Grant. “ A
moment ago you said that I appeared
surprised when I discovered that she was
the object of your adoration, and the
reason was—”

  He hesitated a moment, then added in
resounding, even tones:

  “ Hudson, I can’t agree with you. You
have greatly overestimated her charms.
She must have hypnotized you.”

  Hudson looked blankly at Grant for
a moment, then said in a low voice:

“ By Jove, old chap, you’re a born act-
or ! For a moment I almost thought,
you meant every word of it. However,
I didn’t expect you to go as far as that.”
“As far as what?” asked Grant.

  “ Why, most fellows would have tried
to beat me out at the game of winning
her good opinion. They would move
heaven and earth to let her know how
much they admire her. Instead of that
you are deliberately ruining yourself
with her, while my stock goes way up.
I couldn’t have asked you to do such a
thing, but it’s a great idea. Blaze away.”
Hudson chuckled to himself, as Grant
continued in a loud voice:

  “ And you think she is beautiful ? ”

  “ Very,” answered Hudson enthusi-
astically; “and so graceful.”

  “ I consider her only rather pjetty.
She certainly has no pretensions to
beauty,” went on Grant. “ Have you
met Miss Anderson? Now, I wouldn’t
hesitate one second in calling her a
beauty. Then, there’s the Selclen-Mason
girl. She’s another. I could name any
number who have your ‘ beauty ’ left at
the post. As for grace, she is not awk-
ward, but she isn’t graceful either.”

  “ Grant, I won’t permit you to say
such things. You must be blind.”

“ I am,” responded Grant. “ as far as
some women are concerned. By the way.
there’s a favor I want to ask of you.”
“ Anything you like, old man,” said
Hudson.

  “ It is this. Don’t mention to Miss
Wakefield that I am anything but a
plain, ordinary man. Promise me.”

  “ Certainly,” answered Hudson.

  “ For instance,” continued Grant, “you
needn’t mention my financial standing.”
“ Oh, I wouldn’t think of speaking
about that,” replied Hudson.

  “ Good. I wouldn’t £are to have her
know about my real estate and all that.
The moment you say property some wom-
en imagine that you are so much richer
than you are. By the way, I got rid of
that million-dollar piece of land the
other day. It has been bothering me to
death. I didn’t know what to do with it.
Now, I don’t have to think about the
thing any more. So, you see, I have
nothing to worry me while down here.”

  “ That’s fine,” exclaimed Pludson.
Then he returned to his subject. “ Miss
Wakefield is very intellectual,” he said.

  “ Is that so?” inquired Grant. “ One
would never imagine it. By the way,
Hudson, don’t mention the fact that I
write, will you? And don’t, by any
chance, tell any one that I can play the
piano. Some time I will play you my
latest composition, but not down here.
I want to get away from all these things.
My latest novel will be out soon. I’ll
send you a copy. After I am gone you
can mention these facts, but at present I
prefer to be plain Edward Grant. No-
body can possibly interest me, so I don’t
want to be bothered with answering ques-
tions about what I have done.”
IT IS THE MAN.

355

  “ My dear Grant,” said Hudson in a
low voice, “ you have finished yourself
completely. To tell the truth, I was
just a bit afraid of you as far as Miss
Wakefield was concerned, but after all
you have just said she won’t even look
at you.”

   “ Tell her any old thing you like about
me,” returned Grant in a loud voice,
“ except the truth. Tell her I am a
bookkeeper, if you care to do so.” .

  As he finished, Grant looked at his
watch.

   “ You have just fifteen minutes to get
into your evening clothes,” he said.

  A quarter of an hour later the two
men found themselves on the way to the
dining-room. Hudson stopped to talk
with a tall, dignified elderly woman, who
proved to be Mrs. Wakefield. She took
an immediate liking to Grant, much to
Hudson’s discomfiture, for, try as he
might, he had never succeeded in im-
pressing the lady with his good points.

  He was rather surprised when she in-
cited him and his friend to join herself
ind daughter at their table.

  “ Mr. Wakefield and my sister have
gone to New York,” she explained, “so
there will be two vacant places.”

  Needless to say, Hudson was delight-
ed. Grant accepted as a matter of
course. Miss Wakefield joined them a
little later, and Grant found himself in
close touch with her. However, he per-
mitted Hudson to fill all the spare time
for small talk that the young woman
donated.

  Hudson put forth his best powers of
conversation, and when the meal was
half over was so satisfied with his own
efforts that he conveyed his pleasure
thereat by covert glances at Grant.

  Miss Wakefield only spoke to the new-
comer now and then, and he never ven-
tured to endeavor to draw her into a chat.
It was always she who introduced the
various topics.

   Everything of interest at. the seaside
resort wras discussed, and then Miss
Wakefield mentioned the titles of several
popular novels which she had read. She
criticized them in regard to characters
and plots, until Grant remarked:

  “ You seem greatly interested in books,
Miss Wakefield?”

  “ Oh, I am,” she replied. “ Aren’t
you?”

  “ Not at all,” answered Grant, giving
Hudson a look, as if to command silence
on his part.

  “How strange!” exclaimed Miss
Wakefield. “ I am rather a good student
of the peculiar characteristics of differ-
ent persons, and from my experience in
analyzing faces, heads, and hands I
should say that you ought to be exceed-
ingly interested in literature of all kinds.”
“ There is only one book I read,” said
Grant; “ but that one doesn’t consume
much of my time, and I don’t enjoy it.
I read it completely through from start
to finish in two glances. The end is a
sad one.”

  “ And what book can that be? ” asked
Miss Wakefield,' with undisguised curi-
osity.

  “ My bank-book, of course,” replied
Grant with a smile, and turned his at-
tention to Mrs. Wakefield.

  He was apparently absorbed in' listen-
ing to her remarks, but distinctly heard
Miss Wakefield say to Hudson:

  “ Your friend seems to be a clever
fellow.”

  “Think so?” answered Hudson care-
lessly. ■ “ By the way, Miss Wakefield,
what about that sailing party?”

  “ Oh, I haven’t thought much about
it, beyond suggesting that we have one,”
was the reply.

  Then she returned to Grant and in-
quired :

  “ Are vou fond of the water, Mr.
Grant?” '

  “ I love it,” he answered.

  “ So do I,” she continued, with enthu-
siasm. “ Many persons don’t care much
about it—that is, about sailing. If it is
a trifle rough, you know—”

  “ I understand,” broke in Grant.
“ Rough weather never affects me. I
am a good sailor. That’s about the only
accomplishment I possess. The rougher
the better for me.”

  “ It must be great to be out in a
storm? ” went on the young lady.

  “ I’ve been in a number of them. Got
upset several times, and so forth. Just
escaped drowning, and all that.”

  “Oh!” exclaimed Miss"Wakefield in
356

THE ARGOSY.

admiration. “ You must tell me all
about your experiences.”

  Hudson frowned. The idea of Grant
figuring as the hero in a series of roman-
tic happenings didn’t exactly appeal to
him. Accordingly, he sought to “ butt
into ” the conversation.

  “ Miss Wakefield is a splendid sailor,”
he said; “ and she can sail a boat with
the best of them. She has promised to
look over my yacht when it comes down,
haven’t you, Miss Wakefield?”

  “ Yes,” answered the girl politely.
“ But tell me, Mr. Grant, do you know
anything about boats ? ”

  “ I have studied them all my life,”
was the reply.

  “ Well, then,” continued Miss Wake-
field, “ perhaps you can settle a disputed
point for me. It all centers about the
management of a sailboat. The most
fascinating chapter in ‘ The Green of the
Sea ’ contains a situation which I con-
sider impossible. I’m curious to know
what you think of it, both from a literary
standpoint as well as from the possibility
of the thing. I believe that such episodes
must be accurately described or not at
all. Then, too, I want your opinion con-
cerning the construction of the various
chapters.”

  “ But, Miss Wakefield,” interrupted
Hudson, “ Grant knows" nothing about
such matters. He is not interested in
books. Are you, Grant ? ”

  Hudson gave his friend a piercing
look.

  “ Absolutely not,” quickly answered
Grant.

  “ Oh, I had forgotten that,” said Miss
Wakefield; “but you do know about
boats, so that is enough. I will explain
the entire story to you, and you can give
me your ideas. You must have some
ideas, you know, even if you don’t wish
to have them,” she added, with a charm-
ing smile.

  A few moments later the dinner-party
broke up, and the four people wandered
out on the veranda.

  “ What do you say to a stroll on the
beach?” suggested Hudson.

  “Just the thing,” replied Miss Wake-
field. “ Come with us, mother. Mr.
Hudson will take care of you, while Mr.
Grant and I finish our little discussion
about the book.”

  With these words she gathered up her
skirts and, taking Grant’s arm in a
friendly fashion, as if she had known
him all her life instead of but a few
hours, started down the steps to the
Boardwalk.

  Hudson stood for a moment as if
petrified. He couldn’t say or do any-
thing. In the meantime the two figures
were rapidly disappearing in thecrowd.

  It was Mrs. Wakefield’s voice that
brought Hudson back to a sense of the
conventionalities. and politeness.

  “ If you don’t mind, Mr. Hudson, will
you excuse me? My daughter is such a
walker. It is difficult for me to keep up
with her. Suppose you leave me and
join Elizabeth and your friend. If you
hurry I am sure you can overtake them.”

  “ I don’t think I shall bother about
doing that,” replied Hudson, trying his
best to control his feelings.

  After he had found a chair for Mrs.
Wakefield he took himself to a dark
corner of the piazza, where he smoked
a cigar and muttered into his mustache
all the expressive words of his vocabu-
lary.

  The moon was sailing high when,
from his sequestered refuge, Hudson de-
scried Grant and Miss Wakefield return-
ing from the Boardwalk. They were
laughing and chatting in high spirits as
they came up the steps and strolled down
the piazza toward him.

  He saw them looking at the occupants
of the rocking-chairs. Finally they
reached him.

  “Ah, here he is!” exclaimed Grant.

  “ Where did you and mother disap-
pear to?” inquired Miss Wakefield. Then,
without waiting for an answer: “ We
have had such a delightful evening,
haven’t we. Mr. Grant? We didn’t no-
tice that you two people were not fol-
lowing us until we reached the Casino.
We were so interested in the boat ques-
tion.”

  “ Well,” asked Hudson, with grim po-
liteness, determined to die game, “did
you settle it? ”

  “ Not yet,” answered Grant.

  “ But we will to-morrow,” added Miss
Wakefield. “ Mr. Grant and I are going
to get up at six o’clock and take a sail.
There is nothing like practical demon-
stration in order.to prove things. Now,
IT IS THE MAN.

357

he contends that the bdat could be han-
dled as it was in the book, and I say it
can’t. By luncheon to-morrow we will
give you the solution.”

   “ 1 shall await it with intense inter-
est,” remarked Hudson, with a tinge of
sarcasm.

  “•Now, Mr. Grant,” cautioned the
girl, “ be sure you are,awake at six and
ready at six-thirty.”

   “ I’ll believe it when I see him. He
won’t be waiting for you. It’s a safe
bet,” said Hudson.

  “ You may depend upon me, Miss
Wakefield,” put in Grant. “ I would
sit up all night if necessary.”

  With these words the young woman
said good night and left the two men to
themselves.

  Neither spoke for a few minutes.
Then Hudson lit a fresh cigar and re-
marked :

   “ So you enjoyed yourself? ”

  “ Now, look here, old man. I know
how- you feel about it, but if you will
think a moment you will see that I am
not to blame. I understand, and per-
haps I would be in the same sort of a
humor if I were in your place. The
plain truth is, the girl likes you, but she
doesn’t love you.”	»

  “ What! ” exclaimed Hudson in a
rage. “You have the nerve to tell me
this to my face? ”

   “ Yes, I have, because I am sure you
can see things as I do. Miss Wakefield
knows that you are in love with her;
that you want to spend all your time and
all your money at her command. De-
spite all this, what does she do? Walks
off with a man she had only known a
few hours.”

  “ I suppose you mean me to draw the
conclusion that she is madly in love with
you—a case of love at first sight?”
sneered Hudson.

   “ Nothing of the sort, old chap. Leave
me out of it. I don’t count. I have only
arrived'. You have been here a month.
You have been with her every day of
that time. Now, turn back the calendar
and see if you have made any progress in
her affections. The best proof that you
have not is the fact that you sent for me
to help matters along.”

  “ And a fine mess you have made of
things, too,” savagely remarked Hudson.

  “ You might as well be sensible about
it,” continued Gr.ant. “ What’s the use
of worrying your soul out about some-
body who refuses to worry about you?
Didn’t I do everything under the sun to
follow out your instructions?”

“ Yes, you did,” answered Hudson.
“Then, why/ blame me?” asked
Grant. “ You can’t make a woman love
you if she doesn’t want to. Now, can
you? ”

  “ You’re right, Grant. I’m several
kinds of a fool. It isn’t your fault.
You’ve played square. She seems to be
greatly taken with you, but you said you
didn’t admire her particularly. It would
serve her right to fall in love with some
one who didn’t return the feeling. She
would get a dose of what I have had.
Go as far as you like, old chap, but don’t
lose your heart.”

  “ I’m not very susceptible,” answered
Grant evasively, “ but I will say that
she has a charming personality.”

  “ After a while you will-suddenly dis-
cover that she is beautiful,” said Hudson
suspiciously.

  “ Maybe.”

III.

  The next morning, bright and early,
Grant and Miss Wakefield set out for
thei^ sailing trip. They returned, half-
starved, in the middle of the afternoon.

  “ Did you settle the question ? ” asked
Hudson.

  “ Why, no,”.answered Miss Wakefield,
with a blush. “ We became interested
in other things, and forgot all about it.”
“ We are going out again,” explained
Grant. “ Besides, we couldn’t have
settled the matter to-day, for the sea
was smooth. It is necessary for it to
be rough.”

  For several days Hudson barely saw
Grant except at meals; for Miss Wake-
field was always needing his services.

  “ I say, Hudson, I don’t feel quite
right in leaving you out, as I am your
guest,” he remarked more than once.

  “ Oh, that’s nothing, Grant. Miss’
Wakefield invites me; but I know she
does it merely from a sense*of courtesy.
How are you getting along?”

  “ Famously.”

  “ Have you discovered that she is
beautiful yet?”
358

THE ARGOSY.

   “ Not yet; but she is graceful. Quite
intellectual, too! ”

  “ Ah! ” exclaimed Hudson, with a
world of meaning in his tone. “ By the
way, have you put at rest that eternal
dispute over the boat?”

  “No; but I am sure you will be re-
lieved to learn that it is to be settled
to-morrow.”

  “ Good ! ” said Hudson. “ And you
are going to get up at six again?”

   “ Sure. I can’t miss it this time, for
she has promised to set her alarm-clock
right by the door which separates our
two rooms.”

  “ So,” muttered Hudson. “ You’ve
reached that stage, have you?”

   The next day the alarm-clock aroused
Grant at the promised hour. By six-
thirty the two young people were on
their way to where their boat lay.

   “ The sea is just right this tune,” re-
marked Miss Wakefield. “We won’t
forget why we came, will we? ”

   “ I’ll try- not to,” answered Grant,
with a long, admiring glance which
caused her suddenly to turn her head
the other way.

  They were soon seated in the boat,
and sailing gaily over the choppy sea.
The girl again explained the details of
the chapter to Jiim, and they maneuvered
with the sail.

   “ You see, it could happen just as I
said,” concluded Grant.

  “Then I was wrong?” asked Miss
Wakefield.

   “ Yes. I am sorry.”

   “ Oh, I don’t care.”

   “ It won’t hurt you to be in the wrong
once,” went on Grant. “ It would spoil
you always to be right.”

   “ See here,” interrupted the girl, “ do
I look like the sort of person who could
be spoiled?”

  “ No. Come to think of it, you
couldn’t be,” answered Grant. “ Al-
though, to tell the truth, when I first
came down here I did think so. I take
it all back now. Will you forgive me? ”
“ There’s nothing to forgive,” she an-
swered.

   “ Isn’t this an ideal day? ” he asked,
with quick change of subject.

  “ Perfect. The sky, the sea, and—”
she hesitated — “ everything is so con-
genial.”

  Grant looked at her; but she was
gazing out at the horizon.

  “ The sky and the sea,” he repeated.
“What about ourselves?”

  “Ourselves?” she asked, with an un-
certain query in her voice.

  “Yes; us two! Are we congenial?”

  “ Why—” She paused, not knowing
just what to say.

  “ Shall I answer the question for my-
self?”

  She nodded, and began playing with
a piece of rope that lay coiled near by.

  “You won’t feel offended?”

  “ No,” she said in a low voice, wait-
ing for his next words.

  “ I have never known any girl like
you,” he went on. “ Why, there’s so
much to you. You! That little word
spells everything that is good and beauti-
ful and—and sensible. So few women
have real sense. But you’ve got it. I
would rather be with you than all the
other girls in the world put together.”

  “ Mr. Grant! ” she exclaimed, quite
overcome.

  “ I mean it; although I didn’t intend
to tell you so to-day. I wish that this
boat could sail on and on with us two,
and never go back to land again.”

  “ Oh, that would be lovely,” she ex-
claimed, quite carried away by his glow-
ing words, and hardly realizing that she
had seriously committed herself.

   “ Do you mean it? ” he almost shouted.

  “Oh,” she said. “ I—I—”

   Grant nearly fell over the side of the
boat in his haste to reach her; and if
they had been closer to land, the bathers
would have seen their first kiss.

IV.

  When the first happy realization of
their mutual affection was over, they be-
gan planning the manner in which they
would break the news to Mrs. Wakefield
and Hudson.

  “ We can tell them how we maneu-
vered with the sail,” said Elizabeth,
“ and then we can gradually lead up
to— By the way, we never did finish
that point about the construction of the
novel.”

  “ Why, I know nothing about writing
novels,” said Hudson.

“ Oh, yes, you do, too, you dear boy,”
IT IS THE MAN.

359

insisted Elizabeth. “ You are a wonder-
ful man. 1 can’t compare with you.
I am nothing but a girl of average abil-
ity; while you, you are a genius.”

  “I! A genius? I’m nothing of the
sort,” protested Grant.

  “ You’re too modest. But there’s one
thing I admire about you.”

  “ Look here, little girl, what put it
into your head that I am a genius? ”

  “ Why, you did yourself! And you
didn’t want to let me know* all the won-
derful things you can do.”

  “ I don’t as yet quite understand,”
said Grant.

  “ I know all about you,” continued
the other. “ All about your novels and
your musical compositions, and your real
estate.”

  “ Oh,” exclaimed Grant, as the full
meaning of her words dawned upon him.

  “ Yes,” she continued, “ 1 must say
that you used original tactics. The
others were not willing to go on their
own merits, but were obliged to resort
to artificial methods to attract me. But
vou, on the contrary, concealed from me
your true identity; and if walls had not
ears, I should not have been the wiser.”
She threw both arms around his neck
in an impulsive, girlish manner, and
added:

  “ You’re the finest man I’ve ever met.”
Grant disengaged himself from her
embrace, and, taking her two hands in
his, looked her full in the eyes.

“ Girlie,” he said, “ I’m afraid your
estimate of me will change when you
realize what ‘ original methods ’ I used.”
A peculiar smile came over his glow-
ing face.

  “ I have no excuse to make for my
actions,” he added. “ I throw myself
absolutely on your mercy.”

  Elizabeth looked at him with a puz-
zled expression.

 “Why, what do you mean?” she
asked.

  “ Simply this,” replied Grant. “ I saw
the mistakes that all these other fellow's
had made in trying to win you; and,
realizing the fact that you were not to
be dazzled by hollow pretension, and
also knowing that you are not the ordi-
nary type of girl, I determined that it
was the man himself who would count
most in your esteem. Acting on that

  supposition, and, at the same time, play-
ing ‘ square ’ with my friend Hudson,
who did realize that walls have ears, I
decided to reverse the usual order of
procedure.

  “ Instead of posing as a genius, and
trying to carry out the bluff, I simply
appeared as myself, a person of no ac-
complishments whatever—only a young
business man who has yet to make his
mark in the world. You are the only
girl I ever cared for. What you think
of me now, I don’t know ; but I ask you
again, will you be my wife?”

  Grant stood before her, with strength
showing in every muscle, and honesty
and determination in his face, as the
boat neared the shore.

  Elizabeth did not hesitate a moment.
She placed her hands in his.

  “ Your power of discernment did not
mislead you,” she said. “ It is the' man
who has won my heart and hand.”

  “Do you really mean it?” exclaimed
Grant, hardly crediting his senses.

  For an answer, Elizabeth looked at
him with a glance the meaning of which
he could not fail to read. At this mo-
ment the sail swept around, hiding them
from the view of those on the shore;
and Grant held her in his arms for one
brief moment, while their lips met.

V.

  Hudson was the first person to greet
them as they stepped ashore. His pri-
mary inquiry was:

  “ Well, have you settled the ques-
tion ? ”

  “ Yes, old man, the great question has
been settled; and you are the first one
to offer congratulations! ” x
“What?” exclaimed Hudson.

  “ It’s the truth, Hudson; I’ve w'on,”
answered Grant, taking Elizabeth’s hand.

  Hudson proved equal to the situation,
and promptly extended his felicitations.
Then, in a mischievous way, he asked:
“ Do you think she is beautiful now?”
“ I never thought otherwise, from
the moment I first saw her,” answered
Grant, as the .three strolled toward Mrs.
Wakefield, who, comfortably seated on
the beach, was reading a book which was
none other than “ The Green of the
Sea! ”
AN ENTICING PROSPECT.

By RALPH ENGLAND.

                      The matter of mountain air, pretty girls, and restful
                      quiet in selecting a location for a summer holiday.

“\\THAT you need, my boy,” said

  W the doctor, examining my
tongue with some concern, “ is a few
weeks of thorough rest.

  “ Your system is badly run down.
You’ve been working too hard, I pre-
sume. You require recreation more
than medicine. Go out into the coun-
try. Select a nice, quiet place up in the
mountains. Loaf there for two or three
weeks. Don’t worry. Don’t do any-
thing except bask in God’s glorious sun-
shine, and fill your lungs with fine,
clear, crisp mountain air. That is all—
except my bill, which is five dollars,
please.”

   I handed the physician his fee and
went home to look over the summer re-
sort advertisements in the daily papers,
in search of a suitable spot in the moun-
tains where 1 could take the rest cure
prescribed and endeavor to restore my
shattered nervous system.

  There was apparently no dearth of
such places. All advertisements sound-
ed so alluring that it was extremely dif-
ficult to make a selection.

   Each advertiser claimed that his par-
 ticular retreat was the best in the world.
 Each declared that the air to be breathed
 on his premises was the very finest
 brand of air to be breathed anywhere.

   As for the quality of the food and
sleeping accommodations, and the nat-
ural beauties of the surrounding scenery,
none of the resort-keepers who adver-
tised was willing to yield first place in
these important respects.

   The advertisements varied in phrase-
 ology, of course. Some of them were
 written in the first person, some in the
 third—at least, three of them were in
 verse—the advertisers evidently being
 of the firm opinion that mere prose
 could not do justice to their establish-
 ments.

Some of the advertisements were in

big. black type, others were printed in
italics, several were illustrated with
half-tone or line-cut pictures of preten-
tious looking hotels and farmhouses.

  There was one little advertisement in
one of the papers, however, which was
a great contrast to all the others because
of the modesty of its claims.

  It was a plain little six-line notice,
which seemed quite out of place among
the more pretentious announcements.
It read:

    Shady Bower Farm, Greene County,
  situated in the heart of the Catskill
  Mountains, 6,000 feet above sea-level;
  bathing, rowing, and fishing free to
  guests; good, wholesome food; board,
  seven dollars per week.

  It was the conservative tone of this
announcement which appealed to me
most of all. •

  “No doubt this fellow’s place is just
as good, if not better, than these others,”
I said to myself. ' “ It isn’t always the
man who makes the most noise who has
the best wares to offer. The proprietor
of Shady Bower Farm is probably too
modest and too simple to proclaim the
merits of his establishment above a
whisper.”

  That fact spoke well for him, in my
opinion. I judged him to be an hon-
est, simple child of Nature, uncontam-
inated by contact with the guile and
hypocrisy of city life, who looked you
straight in the eye when he addressed
you, and who would rather die than
dilute the milk.

  There was something about the name
of the place, too, which attracted me.
“ Shady Bower Farm ” ! It certainly
sounded enticing. I could almost
smell the new-mown hay and hear the
melodious swishing of the tree-branches
as they were swept by the keen, invig-
orating mountain breezes.

360
AN ENTICING PROSPECT.

361

  And, in addition, the cheapness of
the board was an important considera-
tion. Most of the other advertisements
quoted prices far above my means.

  Seven dollars a week was really very
reasonable, especially when rowing,
bathing, and boating were thrown in
gratis. So I dccided upon Shady Bower
Farm.

  I wrote a letter to the proprietor, ask-
ing for further particulars, and stating
that I was a young man whose health
was somewhat impaired, and who was
looking for a nice, quiet, healthy spot
in the mountains in which to recuperate.

  I received a reply almost immediately.
It was written in lead-pencil on ruled
paper, and this fact pleased me im-
mensely. It is a pet theory of mine that
the character of people can be judged
by their correspondence.

  Surely, a man who used a pencil in-
stead of pen and ink, and ruled paper
instead of a more pretentious letter-
head. must be a simple, unsophisticated,
all-right sort of fellow, I argued. The
favorable mental picture of the proprie-
tor of Shady Bower Farm which I had
already formed was heightened by the
receipt of this letter.

  It read as follows:

  Dear Friend:

    I got your note and was very glad to
  hear from you. If you decide to come,

  I am sure I can make you comfortable
  and give you a good time.

    My farm is really a very beautiful
  place. Folks do tell me that it is the
  prettiest spot in all the Catskills. I
  reckon they are jollying me some; but
  come and see for yourself. Write me
  when you expect to arrive, and I will
  meet the train with my rig,

          Yours respectfully,

           Farmer Hiram Snookins.

  I liked the way that letter began.
“ Dear Friend ”! How delightfully
cordial and unconventional it sounded!
Surely, a fellow who hailed you as a
friend before he' had seen your face
would simply exude hospitality when
you were actually his guest.

  I was cautious, however. I wrote an-
other letter to Farmer Snookins, asking
him if he was quite sure that his place
was healthy and restful.

  In response I got another penciled
epistle, as follows:

    Healthy! Why, we haven’t even got
  a graveyard around these parts. Five
  years ago a doctor located ten miles
  from this place. He thought he was go-
  ing to make a comfortable living, I
  reckon. He is now an inmate of our
  county poorhouse. I mention this to
  show you that we ain’t got no use for
  a physician around here. We don't even
  need a horse-doctor. Our live stock
  never ails. The pure mountain air keeps
  them healthy.

    As for bein’ restful, my dear friend,
  let me assure you that Shady Bower
  Farm can’t be beat in that respect,
  though I do say it myself.

   This is the place where Rip Van
  IVinkle fell into his long sleep. It
  wasn’t no magic liquor which caused
  Rip to doze off. It was the restful at-
  mosphere of Meritville, Greene County.

  I guess I can’t say no more. When
  can I expect you ?

 This sounded encouraging. As a
matter of fact, it sounded just a little
too encouraging to suit me.

  In accordance with my physician’s
advice. I was seeking a quiet place; but
I didn’t want one that was too quiet.

 I am young and romantically in-
clined, and my vacation plans included
the summer girl. What was the use of
free rowing, bathing, and fishing unless
there were pretty girls to row, bathe,
and fish with?

  Unless Farmer Snookins’s place was
enlivened by the presence of the sum-
mer girl, I decided that, whatever its
other natural advantages, Shady Bower
Farm was not the place for me.

  So I sent him a telegram, inquiring:

    Are there any pretty girls stopping
  with you?

  He replied by letter, as follows:

    Pretty gals? Say, my dear fellow.
  I’ve got a score of them on my farm.
  The young lady who won the beauty-
  prize, recently offered by a New York
  newspaper, is at present one of my
  boarders. The others run her pretty
  close, though, when it comes to looks.
  They’re the prettiest lot of gals I’ve
  ever seed in all my life. Come and take
  your pick of them. I’ve told them that
362

THE ARGOSY.

  you’re coinin', and they’re all terribly
  anxious to meet you.

  That settled the matter. 1 packed
my trunk, bought a ticket, wired Farmer
Snookins that I was on my way, and
boarded a Hudson River boat that very
day.	*

  1 left the boat at Catskill Landing
and took the mountain railroad to Merit-
ville.

  The train ride was long, dusty, and
uncomfortable; but I comforted myself
with pleasant thoughts of Shady Bower
Farm, honest, hospitable Farmer Hiram
Snookins, and his bevy of pretty girl
boarders — especially the young lady
who had won the beauty prize awarded
by a New York newspaper. I promised
myself many delightful hours with this
proved possessor of pulchritude.

  “ All out for Meritville! ” shouted
the conductor at length. “ Change here
for Sayo, Hillside, Highbend, Canon-
bury, and Brookdale! ”

  Quite a- few of us left the train.
There were young men, old men, young
women, old women, whole families, and
single, solitary persons, like myself, who
stepped upon the platform..

  I noticed a dozen or more farmers’
rigs drawn up alongside the little depot.
Some of these rigs were quite smart
looking, and all of them bore signs de-
noting their destination.

  I scanned these signs eagerly.. I
read : “ Dow’s Fruit Farm,” “ Sherman
House,” “ Swiss Manor,” “ Hillside
Villa,” “ Hotel Canonbury,” etc., on
various wagons; but not a sign of any
vehicle from Shady Bower Farm could
I discover.

 My fellow passengers who had
alighted with me climbed aboard the
waiting wagons, laughing and chatter-
ing, and were driven away to their re-
spective destinations.

  When the last of them had gone I
stood alone upon the deserted platform,
gazing mournfully at my trunk and
dress-suit case, and began to feel de-
cidedly dejected and uncomfortable.

  Farmer Snookins had promised posi-
tively to meet the train and transport
me and my baggage. His failure to
make good at the start did not look very
encouraging.

  At length 1 approached a shabby,
dirty - looking, bearded man, who stood
near a wagon which was even dirtier
looking than he was.

   I had noticed this wagon before; but
the idea that it could be used for the
transportation of passengers had not
occurred to me. Its appearance indi-
cated that it was there for the purpose
of hauling a load of mud or coal or
some such cargo.

  “ I beg your pardon, my friend,” I
said to the shabby, dirty - faced man,
“ you haven’t seen anything of a rig
from Shady Bower Farm, have you?”

  “ Sure,” he replied, eying me with
surprise. “ There it is.”

  “ Good Heavens! ” I gasped, seeing
that he pointed to the dirty, dilapidated
wagon. “ Surely, not that—”

  “ That’s Shady ■ Bower Farm’s rig,”
said he, regarding me sternly. “ Are
you Mr. Mortimer Collingwood, the
new boarder?”

  “ Yes,” I stammered, and began to
wish myself back in New York.

  The discovery that that wretched-
looking conveyance and the lialf-
starved, weak-kneed horses attached to
-it were the property of my prospective
host was certainly a great shock, but I
quickly rallied. '

  I thought of the young lady boarder
who had won the beauty prize and the
score of other pretty girls who were to
be found at Shady Bower Farm, and I
began to make excuses to myself for the
appearance of that rig.

   Perhaps it was only a borrowed vehi-
cle, I reflected. Maybe my host’s regu-
lar conveyance had broken down, and
rather than disappoint me he had pressed
this outfit into service.

  I turned to the man with a sigh of
relief.

  “Where is Farmer Snookins?” I
inquired pleasantly.

  “ I am Farmer Snookins,” he an-
swered, gazing at me defiantly.

   This certainly was shock number two.
The proprietor of* Shady Bower Farm
sadly differed from the mental pictur* I
had conceived.

  In addition to being dirty, shabby,
and- unkempt, he wasn’t at all in ap-
pearance an honest, simple child of
Nature.
AN ENTICING PROSPECT.

363

  His face was extremely sinister-look-
ing, his eyes were beady; and, instead of
looking you straight in the face, he had
a habit of gazing at his large and ill-
shod feet.

  I am optimistically inclined, however.

  “ After all,” I reflected, “ appear-
ances are often deceiving. This fellowT
may possess a heart of gold, despite his
ill-favored countenance.”

  I held out my hand impulsively.

  “ Farmer Snookins,” I said, “ I am
very glad to meet you. I hope that our
acquaintance will prove mutually pleas-
ant.”

  “Huh!” he grunted. “Jump in the
rig, and we’ll be gettin’ along. We’re
late already. Why in thunderation
didn’t you tell me who you was before?
Is this here your trunk?”

  I nodded.

  “ Well, you’d better give me a hand
in gettin’ it into the wagon, I reckon.”

  I complied. There was something
about Farmer Snookins’s demeanor
which forced compliance. I began to
feel pretty miserable and decidedly un-
comfortable. My host’s manner was
110 more prepossessing than his looks.

  “ I suppose it’s just surface gruffness,
though,” I reassured myself, still opti-
mistic. “ The natural gruffness of a son
of the soil, I guess.”

  I climbed aboard the wagon, and
Farmer Snookins seated himself beside
me and took the reins.

  It was a long, tedious ride, and for
the most part a painfully silent one.

  Mr. Snookins was not much of a con-
versationalist, it appeared. He rarely
spoke unless I addressed myself to him,
and then he generally replied in mono-
syllables.

  The man’s manner soon began to get
on my nerves. There was something
almost uncanny about him as he sat be-
side me, grim and silent.

  My spirits began to grow more and
more depressed as the, ride progressed.
To add to my -discomfort, the mountain
roads we traveled were so rough that I
was shaken and rattled until I was on
the verge of collapse. If that wagon
had any springs at all, they certainly
did not serve the purpose for which they
were put there.

  How I wished now that I had not de-

cided to spend my vacation at Shady
Bower Farm. Even the prospect of
meeting the bevy of beautiful boarders,
including the fortunate winner of the
pulchritude prize, could no longer
cheer me.

  At length, just as I was beginning
to believe that the ride would never
come to an end, we drew up in front of
a dilapidated two-story farmhouse, which
in wretchedness of appearance quite
matched -the wagon and Farmer Snook-
ins.

  Night had already descended, but
there was not a single light in this
gloomy looking building—not even the
flicker of a candle in one of the win-
dows.

  I turned to my companion fearfully.

  “What place is this?” 1 demanded
hoarsely; but I knew intuitively what
his answer would be.

  “ This is Shady Bower Farm,” lie an-
swered, and he added to the words a
chuckle that sounded positively fiendish.

  “ Get out,” he commanded, “ and
give a hand with the trunk. Don’t sit
gaping there, young feller. Everybody
helps on Shady Bower Farm. We
haven’t any use for shirkers around
here.”

  “ But I didn’t come here to work,”
I protested indignantly.

  Of course, I should not have minded
helping him with the trunk, for it was
obviously too heavy for him to handle
alone; but I resented the command-
ing tone in which he spoke, and I made
up my mind that it was high time for
us to arrive at an understanding.

  “ I never heard of a boarding-house
where the guests were expected to do the
work of a hired man,” I went on
haughtily. “ I do not wish to appear
disobliging, Mr. Snookins; but I must
positively refuse to be bossed by you.”

  He shrugged his shoulders, and,
pursing his lips, emitted a shrill whistle.

  I heard a swishing in the long grass,
and suddenly six of the most ferocious
boarhounds I had ever seen dashed up
to the wagon and began to growl and
snarl in a manner which filled me with
terror.

  “ These here dogs belong to me,” said
Farmer Snookins quietly. “ At a word
from me they would tear you to pieces.
364

THE ARGOSY.

Now, are you going to give me a hand
with that trunk?”

  “ Send away those dogs, and I’ll do
anything you say,” I gasped, my teeth
chattering with fear.

  I assisted him in lifting the trunk into
the house, the savage-looking dogs en-
circling us and snapping at me as I did
so in a manner that made my blood run
cold.

  He led the way up a shorj; flight of
stairs, and with my help, deposited the
trunk in a small front room.

  “ This is your bedroom,” he said.
“ You can retire now, if you like. I
guess you must be tired after your long
trip.^'

  “ I’m hungry,” I told him. “ It is
several hours since I dined. Aren’t you
going to give me some supper?”

  “ We don’t serve suppers at Shady
Bower Farm,” he replied coldly. “ If
you’re up early to-morrow morning,
you’ll get some breakfast. Good night.”
He poked his head in at the door
again a few seconds later.

  *< I forgot to tell you that I let them
dogs run around lpose at night,” he re-
marked. “ They’re hungry, and they
ain’t got any prejudice against human
flesh. I merely mention this in case
you might be thinking of taking an eve-
ning stroll.”

  With these words he went out again.
I flung myself dejectedly on the bed and
began to ponder upon the situation.

  This was certainly the queerest board-
ing-house I had ever struck. I was
being treated more like a prisoner than
a guest.

  I made up my mind that I would
leave the place the next day.

  I went to the window, and, throwing
it open, gazed out at the surrounding
landscape.

  There' didn’t seem to be another
human habitation for miles around—
nothing but farmlands and wild moun-
tain country. From beneath my window
came the howls of one of the ferocious
boarhounds.	„

  “ I certainly shall not stay here any
longer than to-morrow morning, even
if I have to pay a whole week’s board
in order to get away,” I said to myself,
with a shudder. “ I wonder what kind
of people the other boarders are. It is

queer they tolerate such tyrannical treat-
ment.”

  It suddenly dawned upon me that
perhaps there were no other boarders.
I had not seen nor heard signs of any.
My belief in the score of pretty summer
girls, of whom Farmer Snookins had
boasted in his letter, had vanished by
this time.

  The proprietor of Shady Bower Farm
had deceived me in other respects; so
what reason was there for supposing
that his alluring letter had told the
truth about these beautiful maidens? I
was fully convinced now that the young
lady who had won the prize for beauty
offered by a New York newspaper was
nothing more than a myth—a figment
of Farmer Snookins’s imagination.

  *1 went to sleep at length; for I was
so exhausted from my trip that even
my disappointment and my fears could
not keep me awake.

  I was aroused at about six the fol-
lowing morning by the ringing of a
rising-bell.

  I dressed hastily, and hurried down-
stairs, remembering that Farmer Snook-
ins had intimated that I would get no
breakfast unless I. was early at the table.

  I found my way unaided to the dining-
room. Farmer Snookins was not there;
but a, young girl was laying the cloth
as I entered the room.

  She appeared surprised to see me;
and I was joyfully surprised to see her.

  She was beautiful enough to be the
holder of the pulchritude prize the
farmer had mentioned in his letter. She
was, without doubt, one of the prettiest
girls I had ever beheld, although her
face was pale and her eyes looked as
if she had teen crying.

  At sight of her, I began to waver in
my determination to leave Shady Bower
Farm immediately after breakfast.

  “ Perhaps this place isn’t so bad, after
all,” I mused. “ I might try to stick
it out for a day or two, anyway.”

  “ Good morning,” I said aloud.

  “ Good morning,” she replied very
cordially.

  “ Have I the pleasure of addressing
Farmer Snookins’s daughter?” I' in-
quired ; for, seeing that she was busy
laying the table, I assumed that she must
be a member of the household.
AN ENTICING PROSPECT.

3G5

  She shook her head negatively.

  Are you employed here, then? ”

  Again she shook her head; and, step-
ping over to my side, she whispered in
my ear these startling words:

  “I am a prisoner in this place, like
yourself.”

 “What?” I gasped. “You surely
can’t mean that you—”

  “ Hush ! ” she whispered. “ For
Heaven’s sake not so loud, or he will
hear us. I came here as a boarder a
week ago. I have been here ever since.”

  “ And do you mean to say that he
makes you wait at table and do the
housework? ” I exclaimed indignantly.

  She nodded; and her eyes filled with
tears.

 “Why do you stand for it? Why
don’t you leave?” I demanded.

  “ I can’t,” she replied, with an ex-
pression that was pitiful. “ I am a pris-
oner here. I cannot get away. You,
too, will find that you—”

  She did not finish the sentence; for
just then Farmer Snookins entered the
room, and took his seat at the head of
the table.

  “ Bring on the breakfast! ” he com-
manded gruffly.

  The girl complied with a submissive-
ness that made my blood boil.

  She brought in three platters of
corned beef, some stewed corn, and some
bread and butter.

  “ Sit down, both of you,” the farmer
commanded us sternly.

  Tbe girl seated herself obediently at
the table; so ,did I. There was some-
thing about our host’s manner which
brooked no opposition.

  We ate in silence. After we had fin-
ished, Farmer Snookins again addressed
himself to the girl.

  “ Go into the kitchen,” he commanded,
“ and shell the peas for dinner. When
you get through with them, you can
darn my socks.”

  If she had been under a hypnotic spell,
she could not have obeyed him more
meekly.

  After she had left the room, he turned
to me.

  “What do you do for a living?” he
inquired.

  “ I am an artist,” I replied.

  “A painter, you mean?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ That’s good. Your talent will come
in handy. My barn needs painting.
That will keep you employed for the
balance of the day, I reckon.”

  “ But I am not that kind of a paint-
er,” I protested. “ I paint pictures.”

  “ My barn is a picture,” he replied
grimly. “ Don’t argue with me, young
man. You’d better get busy right away.”
“ Now, see here,’” I exclaimed, sum-
moning all my courage, “ we might as
well have an understanding right now,
Mr. Hiram Snookins. I did not come
here to work. As I told you in my let-
ter, I came here for rest and quiet. I
am paying you board, and 1 don’t in-
tend to be treated like a hired man. I
won’t stand for it, in fact.”

  “ Is that so?” he replied, without the
slightest trace of emotion.

  He went to the window and whistled.
The six ferocious-looking boarhounds
came bounding over the window-sill.
They looked even more powerful and
savage by daylight than they had ap-
peared in the dusk of the preceding eve-
ning.

  They crouched obediently at his feet,
the foam dropping from their cruel, dis-
tended jaws, a wicked light in their
bloodshot eyes.

  “Going to paint that barn?” he in-
quired laconically.

  “Of course I am,” I answered hastily.
“ I was only joking when I refused just
now. If there is anything I enjoy it is-
painting, barns. Where shall I find
paint-pot and brush ? ”

  “ In the barn,” he answered. “ See
that you make a good job of it, or you’ll
have to do it all over again. I don’t
like sloppy work. You’ll find a ladder
there, too. Get along now.”

  “ By the way, Mr. Snookins,” I said
timidly, “ I am sorry to have to inform
you that I shall have to leave you this
evening. I have some important business
to transact in New York. Of course, 1
shall return here—when that business
has been attended to.”

  I looked at him eagerly as I said those
words. Would he fall for this none too
subtle ruse, I wondered uneasily?

  “ You will leave here when I get good
and ready to let you go,” be answered
gruffly. “ I guess that important busi-
366

THE ARGOSY.

ness transaction in New York will have
to wait for a few weeks, my friend.
Go along to your work now.”

  I walked toward the barn slowly and
sadly. My brain was in a whirl. My
heart was as heavy as lead.

  Could this be the twentieth century,
and New York State? Was it really
possible that this fellow could keep me
here and make me do his bidding
against my will?

  It certainly looked as if it were pos-
sible ; for, absurd as it seemed, here was
1 actually getting the ladder and paint-
pot out of the barn, and starting in to
do the work of a house-painter—I, who
possessed the soul of an artist, and who
had come to this place on a physician’s
instructions to take a short, perfect rest.

  And yet, what else could I do? To
make sure that I did not loaf, Farmer
Snookins sent one of his boarhounds to
watch me.

  The brute squatted on _ his haunches
at the foot of the ladder, and growled
so ominously every time I ceased slinging
paint, that I worked more industriously
than I had ever worked in my life.

  At noon my tyrannical host came to
summon me to dinner.,

  The meal consisted of cold roast meat}
green peas, and potatoes. The girl laid
the table, and then joined us, as she had
done at breakfast. I again noticed how
beautiful she was; and the sad, despair-
ing look on her pale face filled me with
a determination to find some means of
rescuing her and myself from our ex-
traordinary captivity.

  After we had finished eating, Farmer
Snookins announced that he intended to
make another trip to the railroad-station
that afternoon to bring back some more
guests who had succumbed to the lure
of his advertisement in the newspaper.

  My heart beat joyously at his words.
I fancied I saw a chance to escape from
this place while our captor was away.

  1 glanced across the table at the girl,
thinking that she also must perceive this
opportunity; but, to my surprise, there
was not the slightest trace of hope on
her face.

  “ 1 wonder why she did not try to get
away yesterday wrhile Farmer Snookins
was at the depot bringing me here?” I
asked myself.

  As though in answer to my un-
uttered thought, our tyrannical host
spoke again:

  “ I guess I’ll have to lock you up
in the barn while I’m away,” he said.
“ You’d better not try to get out neither,
for them dogs will be outside waitin’
for you. They’ll be extra hungry, and
savage, too. I haven’t given them any-
thing to eat this morning, so as to be
sure that their appetites will be good.”
He grinned at the look of discomfiture
which I could not repress. I understood
now why the girl had made no effort to
escape during the absence of. our captor
on the preceding day.

  True to his word, after Farmer
Snookins had harnessed up the pair of
wretched - looking horses to the dirty,
dilapidated wagon, he put us inside the
barn, and locked the door on the outside
with a padlock. Then he ordered his
six boarhounds to stand guard outside,
and drove off, confident that we could
not get away.	'

  After he had gone, I looked at the
girl, and the girl looked at me. De-
spair was written on our faces.

  “ This is a pretty state of affairs,”
I groaned.

   “ It is terrible,” she replied, with a
sob.

  “ Do you mean to tell me that you
have actually been kept a prisoner here
for a week?” I inquired.

  “ Yes. And I fear I shall remain here
for the rest of my life,” she sobbed.
“ There doesn’t seem to be any chance
of getting out of the clutches of this
odious wretch.”

  “ How did you come to select this
place?” I asked.

   “ I was attracted by his advertisement
in the paper—the same as you were, I
suppose,” she answered. “ I am a New
York school-teacher, and I was looking
:for a nice, quiet place in which to spend
a few weeks of my vacation.

  “ According to the advertisement,
Shady Bower Farm seemed to be just
the kind of place I sought; and, in
addition, the board was very cheap. I
wrote for further particulars, and re-
ceived such a nice, cordial letter in re-
ply that I packed my trunks and came
up here immediately. That wretch can
certainly write nice letters.”
AN ENTICING PROSPECT.

367

   “ Yes, I know—confound him,” I
 groaned. “ It was his letters that lured
 me here, too. What is his game, any-
 way? Why does he act in this extra-
 ordinary fashion? He must be crazy.”
 “ Of course he’s crazy,” replied the
 girl. “ Haven’t you noticed the mad
 glint in his eyes. He is violently in-
 sane. Do you know what he calls this
 place?”

   “ Shady Bower Farm, 1 believe he has
 named it.”

   “ Oh, that’s what he calls it in the
 advertisement; but he’s got another name
 for it. He calls it ‘ The Asylum for the
 Sane.’ He told me the other day, with
 a fiendish chuckle, that-there are so many
 institutions for insane people that he
 deemed it high time that the sane folks
 had an asylum, too. That’s why he
 keeps us here.”	v

 • “ How terrible! ” I gasped. “ Do
 you mean to say that you haven’t had
 a single chance to get away in the past
 seven days?”

   “ How could I ? Those terrible dogs
 are running around loose all the time,
 day and night. They would tear me to
 pieces at the first opportunity. And,
 besides, he goes about armed. He’s a
 regular walking arsenal. He carries a
 loaded revolver in every pocket; and he
 told me the first day I got here that he
 would fill me full of lead if I attempted
 to escape.”

  “Horrors!” I ejaculated. “But
 nevertheless we must find some way to
 escape. We must match our wits against
 his cunning.”

   “ I wish we could,” she sighed. “ I
 am afraid, though, that our wits would
 avail us little against the teeth of those
 terrible dogs.”

“ Haven’t you had an opportunity to
✓ communicate with people on the out-
side ? ” I inquired, with a shudder.
“ Surely you must have been able to get
word to somebody.”

   “ No. He’s too clever to permit
 that,” was her discouraging reply. “ He
 won’t allow us to get within speaking
 distance of anybody. That’s why he
 locks us up in here when he goes to the
 railway-depot.”

   “ Well, don’t your friends know that
 you are here? Didn’t you leave them
 your address when you came?” I asked,

with a sudden ray of hope. “If so, they
will soon become alarmed at not hearing
from you, and will come here to investi-
gate.”

   “ No, they won’t,” she answered sadly.
“ Even though that farmer is insane, he
is very shrewd. He doesn’t overlook a
single detail. I have received several
letters from my friends since I have been
here.

  “He reads them all; and he forced
me to answer them. He makes me send
them pretty souvenir postals, telling
them what a fine place this is, and that
I am having a perfectly delightful time.
I am obliged to write as he dictates—
otherwise, he -threatens to set his dogs
on me. I fully believe that he would
do it, too.”

  “Good Heavens! How terrible!” I
gasped. “ I can see now that we are
going to have a hard job getting out
of this madman’s clutches—but I am
going to find a way,” I added, with as
much confidence as I could summon
under the circumstances.

  “ Oh, it is brave of you to talk so
hopefully,” she declared, regarding me
admiringly. “ It gives me courage to
hear you. I am so glad that you are
here. It makes this terrible situation
so much easier to bear.”

   I myself did not feel particularly glad
that I was there; but I delicately re-
frained from telling her so.

  “ By the way,” I remarked, “ we
might as well introduce ourselves to each
other. My name is Mortimer Colling-
wood. Would you mind telling me
yours?”

  “Janet Meredith,” she answered.

  “ It is a pretty name,” I declared.
“ I am delighted to meet you, Miss
Meredith—even under these most dis-
tressing circumstances.”

  It was evening before Farmer Snook-
ins returned and released us from the
barn.

  He brought with him a nice-looking
young couple.

  “ Poor things,” I whispered to Miss
Meredith, regarding the newcomers with
sympathy.

  The young man appeared to be much
worried. His wife was on the verge of
tears. I could see at a glance that
Farmer Snookins had already begun to
368

THE ARGOSY.

impress his new guests with his startling
idiosyncrasies.

  We made their acquaintance on the
front porch. The young man took ad-
vantage of an opportunity to take me
aside and whisper in my ear.

  “ Say, old man,” he said anxiously,

“ what kind of a ranch is this, anyway?

I don’t believe I like the fellow who
runs it at all.”

“ You’ll like him still less when you’ve
been here a few days,” I retorted gtimly.

  “ I don’t intend to stay here a few
days,” he answered with a frown. “ My
wife and I are on our honeymoon. We-
can’t afford anything very swell; and
when we saw his advertisement we
thought it would suit us perfectly.

  “ We intended to stay here for three
weeks; but that farmer’s manner doesn’t
suit me at all. He’s already got my
wife frightened almost out of her wits.
AVe’ve got to stay over night, I guess.
It is too late to find another boarding-
house ; but we shall certainly leave the
first thing to-morrow morning.”

  “ Maybe you’ll stay here longer than
you think,” I said gently.

  “ Oh, no, we won’t,” he answered in-
nocently. “ I don’t like the looks of
the place at all—and, besides, there are
mosquitoes here. One bit me on the nose
just now. My wife and I can’t stand
mosquitoes. We shall leave right after
breakfast to-morrow morning.”

  I did not have the heart to impart
to him the cruel truth. He would find
it out soon enough, I reflected.

  “ Come here and give me a hand lift-
ing this trunk up to your room,” Farmer
Snookins commanded him sternly.

  “ Do nothing of the sort, Percival,”
exclaimed the young man’s bride indig-
nantly. “ The idea of his asking such
a thing of you! We did not come here
to work. If he needs help with the
trunk, let him get one of the farm-
hands.”

  Farmer Snookins did not make any
answer to this mutinous outburst. He
merely pursed his lips, and gave vent
to a shrill whistle.

  I knew from bitter experience what
that meant. The six ferocious boar-
hounds came bounding onto the porch.
They encircled the young couple with
savage growls.

  “Now,” said the farmer,are you
going to give me a hand, or are you
not? ”

  The young man assisted him in lifting
the trunk up-stairs. It cannot be truth-
fully said that he did so cheerfully; but
he certainly went about the task with *
plenty of alacrity.

  The newly wed couple did not carry
out their intention of leaving Shady
Bower Farm next morning for a more
congenial place. Very much against
their wills, of course, they started in to
spend their honeymoon by doing chores
for Farmer Snookins.

  The young husband chopped wood,
and made himself generally useful; his
bride assisted Miss Meredith with the
kitchen work.

  “ It’s a darned outrage,” the young
man confided to me, when we had a
chance to exchange a few words'without
being overheard. “ It doesn’t seem pos-
sible that such a state of affairs could
exist in these days; and less than a hun-
dred miles from New York City. We
really ought not to submit to it. We
ought to stand 'together, and assert our
independence.”

  “ Perhaps we ought,” I replied, “ but
I don’t think those dogs would receive
a declaration of independence from us
very graciously. I guess you’d better
keep on chopping wood, and say nothing
for the present.”

  The young husband volunteered the
suggestion that it would be a good idea
to poison the dogs.

  We all heartily agreed with him that
it would be an excellent idea; but we
were sadly handicapped in its execution
by the lamentable fact that we were
quite unable to procure the necessary
poison.

  I proposed making an attempt to get
away while the dogs were asleep; but
Miss Meredith assured us that the brutes
never slept with more than one eye
closed; and, besides, as she pointed out,
Farmer Snookins always locked all the
doors at night and took away the keys.

  During the day the dogs never let us
out of their sight.

  I was a prisoner for a whole week
before I hit upon what really seemed
like a feasible plan of effecting our es-
cape.

i
AN ENTICING PROSPECT.

369

  1 mentioned it to Miss Meredith, when
we had an opportunity to exchange a
few words alone.

  “ I’ve got an idea,” I announced.

  “ Is it a good one? ” she asked eagerly.
“ Well, 1 think it will work. Listen,
and I’ll explain it to you. You’ve heard,
of course, of shipwrecked mariners,
stranded on desert islands, getting news
of their predicament to the outside world
by enclosing messages in glass bottles
which they cast into the sea? ”

  “ Yes,” she assented eagerly.

  “ Well, I intend to follow their ex-
ample,” 1 went on. “ I have managed
to get hold of a small glass bottle.”

  “ But I don’t see how that could be
done,” she exclaimed. “ We haven’t any
sea to throw a bottle into; and bottles
won’t float on land, you know. If you
threw it on the ground, nobody would
be likely to discover it.”

  “ I don’t intend to throw it on the
ground,” I answered. “ Look, Miss
Meredith. Do you see that little brook
there?” .

  I pointed to a tiny stream which ran
past the rear of Shady Bower Farm.

  “ That stream must wend its way to
some creek or river around here,” I went
on excitedly. “ I was studying it this
morning. Luckily for us, it has been
swollen by recent "rains; and, small
though it is, it ought to have enough
current to carry away a small bottle.
I am going to put a message in a little
glass bottle, and throw it into the brook.
If we are /iucky, it will be carried out
into deeper water and finally to the river,
and somebody will pick it up and hurry
to our rescue.”

  “ Oh, how very clever of you! ” she
exclaimed, clapping her little hands.
“I do hope that you will succeed! If
you get me out of this horrid place, I
shall never forget you, Mr. Colling-
wood.”

  These words made me more than ever
determined not to fail.

  I wrote on a piece of paper, with my
fountain pen, the following stirring mes-
sage :

  Help! Help! Help! Whoever reads
  this, get men and guns and. hasten to
  Shady Bower Farm, Meritville, Greene
  County. We are kept prisoners here by

  Farmer Snookins, who has gone insane.
  There are nine of us, and we have been
  imprisoned here for weeks. Don’t fail
  to come well armed, for Farmer Snook-
  ins is armed to the teeth, and he has six
  savage boarhounds. For Heaven’s sake
  don’t fail us in our hour of need, or our
  blood will be on your head. Hurry!
  llurry! Hurry! Help! Help! Help!

  “ 1 guess that is strong enough,” 1
remarked, eying my work with satisfac-
tion. I rolled the paper tightly, and
placed it inside a small bottle which had
contained tooth wash. Then I jammed
the cork in so snugly that the bottle was
thoroughly water-tight, and threw it into
the brook.

  Miss Janet Meredith and I observed
with much satisfaction that there was
just enough current to the tiny stream to
carry the bottle away.

  We watched that improvised bearer of
our forlorn hope until it drifted out of
sight. Then we both sighed, and walked
slowly away.

  “ I do hope that somebody finds it
and reads that message,” Miss Meredith
remarked fervently.

  My emotion was too great to permit
of words. I squeezed her little hand
sympathetically, and noticed with de-
light that she did not appear to resent it.

  All that day we wondered and wor-
ried. Every time our eyes met, each
could see that that little bottle and its
precious contents were uppermost in the
other’s thoughts.

  We said nothing to our fellow pris-
oners about what we had done. Of
course, if my plan was successful, we
would all benefit by it; but there was
no use in taking them into our con-
fidence at present.

  That evening Farmer Snookins sum-
moned us all into the barn.

  There was something about his man-
ner which filled me with terror. His
eyes were bloodshot and rolling. His
mouth worked spasmodically. LIis coun-
tenance, ordinarily sinister, now looked
positively fiendish.

  When we were all assembled before
him, he stood there regarding us with a
leer of triumph, rubbed his palms to-
gether in a satisfied way, and gave vent
to several chuckles, the sound of which
made my blood run cold.

12 A
370

THE ARGOSY.

  I knew that something unusual was
about to happen; but 1 did not guess
the awful fate that fiend in human form
had mapped out for us.

. “ Ladies and gentlemen,” he began,
in a rasping voice, “ I have assembled
you here in order to give you a great
tYeat. My asylum for the sane has been
an immense success. I am very well
pleased with the way my original idea
has worked. My experiment has given
me great pleasure; but, nevertheless, I
have decided that it is time to bring it
to an end.”

  Each of us heaved a heartfelt sigh
of relief. We thought that he was about
to announce we could have our freedom.

  “ I have decided to bring my experi-
ment to an end by a great and thrilling
spectacle,” he went on, chuckling at the
hopeful look on our faces.

   “ I once read in a book that in ancient
.times slaves were thrown into the arena
along with wild beasts. This barn, will
make an excellent arena, and those pet
dogs -of mine are certainly wild beasts.
I haven’t given them a morsel of food
this day, in order that their appetites
should be thoroughly whetted.”

  We understood him now, and looked
at each other in horror and despair.

  “ Good Heavens,” I gasped. “ You
don’t mean to say that you are really
going to be inhuman enough to set those
dogs on us?”

  He laughed sardonically.

   “ I reckon you’ve got my idea exactly,
friend,” he chuckled. “ In three min-
utes I shall whistle for my faithful pets,
and then the fun will begin.”

  He again rubbed the palms of his
hands together. I looked into that cruel
face, and foresaw that we were all
doomed; but, nevertheless, I tried to
plead with him.

  “ Have mercy,” I begged. “ Give us
a little more time. Or, if you must kill
us, shoot us down. Don't let those terri-
ble dogs tear us to pieces. Have a little

pity-”

  “ No, no,” he replied, laughing loud
and shaking his head. “ It wouldn’t be
half as much fun to shoot you down.
I’ve thought of that, but it would all be
over too quick. The dogs will furnish
a much more thrilling spectacle. It’s
going to be the dogs.

   “ And the three minutes are up, too,”
he added. “ The festive hour has ar-
rived. Slaves, prepare to defend your-
selves, if you can, for here come the
wild beasts to devour you.”

   He pursed his lips, and was about to
give vent to the whistle, which meant
our doom.

   But just then we heard wild howls of
fury, followed by the sharp reports of
firearms and the shouting of many men.

   Before Farmer Snookins could turn, a
burly man had entered the barn, and
brought the stock of a rifle crashing
down upon his head.

  The burly man was followed by sev-
eral others. We turned to our deliverers
with exclamations of gratitude and joy.

  “ Thank goodness we were in time,”
said the burly man, kneeling and tying
the prostrate farmer’s hands and feet
with ropes. “ I am the sheriff of the
county, ladies and gentlemen. The note
you sent in the bottle was picked up in
the creek by a feller in a naphtha launch,
and handed to me.

   “ 1 didn’t know whether it was a hoax
or not, but I decided to act at once. I
got my posse together, and we came here
as quick as we could.

   “ I’ve been sort of suspicious of this
feller Snookins for some time past. Every
time I’ve met him on the road I’ve fan-
cied he looked and acted sort of queer.

  “ He ain’t been exactly right, I
guess, since his wife and daughter were
drowned, a year ago. I didn’t suppose,
though, that he was really violently in-
sane. I figured out that he was harm-
less.”

   “ Well, he wasn’t harmless, I assure
you,” I declared grimly. “If you had
arrived one second later you would have
found our mangled bodies. He was just
about to order those terrible dogs of his
to tear us limb from limb, when you and
your men gallantly intervened. By the
way, what have you done with those
dogs?”

  “ Shot ’em all dead,” he answered,
with a grunt of satisfaction. “ Thanks
to the warning contained in .that bottle,
we came here fully prepared to handle
them brutes. They attacked us, but we
were too quick for them. Each and
every one of them has a bullet through
his head.”
A COLD DAY FOR THE GEORGIA MAN.

371

  My breast expanded with a heartfelt
sigh of relief.

  “ I guess you are all free to depart
now, ladies and gentlemen, whenever
you are ready,” announced the sheriff,
with a pleasant smile. “ I reckon you
won’t want to hang around Shady Bower
Farm after the experience you have had.”
“ I reckon not,” I replied. “ I am
awfully glad that my bottle plan worked
so well. Aren’t you, Miss Meredith?”
But instead of answering my question

the beautiful girl suddenly reeled and
fell fainting into my arms.

  Of course it was an unconscious act
on her part, but her hands were certainly
clasped around my neck when she opened
her eyes.

  “ After all, this harrowing experi-
ence possessed some compensating ad-
vantages,” I remarked to the sheriff.

  “ So I perceive,” he replied, with a
laugh. “ Don’t forget to send me an
invitation, young feller.”

A Cold Day For the Georgia Man.

                   By GEORGE MARIANO.

                          Not much trouble in getting this overcoat
                          at a bargain, but lots of it afterward.

ANTER good overcoat, cheap as
dirt ? ”

  Walter Babbit looked as though he
needed several things besides an over-
coat. The store-clothes he had bought
before leaving Simpson Corners were de-
cidedly not of the smart cut worn by
the young men he saw in the places where
he applied for work. Then, three weeks’
tramping had caused their appearance to
deteriorate sadly.

   His shoes had literally gone to pieces.
 His derby .hat had come to grief in a
 rush at a Subway station, and positively
 refused'to give up one or two dents.

 4 But the one need that impressed itself
 most deeply upon him this cold evening
 was that of an overcoat. All day he had
 wandered about searching for employ-
 ment, and shivering. The cheap meals
 had brought him to his last ten-dollar
 bill, but had failed to warm him.

   He was not used to New York’s De-
cember weather. For Simpson Corners
is in Georgia, as any map big enough to
mark a village of four hundred inhabit-
ants will show you. And December in
Georgia is different from December in
New York;

   For the past week Walter Babbit had
 eyed every window of the cheap tailor-
 shops he passed. He had read every
 price-tag looking for one that should
 come inside the five-dollar mark.

For lie had made up his mind that five

dollars was his limit for an overcoat. He
had just seen one at four-ninety-five that
he would have turned up bis nose at a
week ago. But to-day was colder than
any of the other days.

  He was just about to enter the little
shop when the stranger accosted him
with the question that showed the men-
tal insight of a mind-reader.

  Babbit turned around and looked in
wonder at the possessor of such occult
powers.

  The stranger was a short, thick-set
young man about Babbit’s own age. He
wore a rather shabby outer garment with
its collar turned up at the neck. His hat
was drawn over his eyes, which were a
trifle shifty.

  The lad from Georgia could not help
feeling a bit suspicious, but any propo-
sition offering a good overcoat cheap was
interesting.

  “ Come along and I’ll show you a real
bargain,” the man urged, and Babbit
started off with him.

  They went through some side streets;
and, but for the fact that they were all
fairly well lighted, the country youth
would have felt a little nervous. He had
a sort of feeling that he was being led
by a very roundabout course to reach a
near-by place.

  He was quite sure that he walked three
or four blocks north after going some
blocks south. When, at last, they pulled
372

THE ARGOSY.

up before an unpretentious apartment-
house, Babbit was uncomfortably admit-
ting to himself that he had lost his bear-
ings.

  They climbed three or four flights of
stairs, and the man finally paused and
produced a key from one of his pockets.
With this he admitted himself and Bab-
bit to a rear suite of rooms.

  Inside everything was a confusion of
unassorted objects. Several sets of fine
silver lay heaped upon the floor. Small
bits of bric-a-brac were scattered about.
Various pieces of women’s wearing ap-
parel, especially furs, were piled in a
corner. In another corner were a num-
ber of boxes of cigars.

  Against one wall was stacked a heap
of unbroken bolts of cloth. A_rich piece
of tapestry had been thrown in another
corner. Three or four gold watches and
a couple of fancy little clocks gave out
the impression that time was carefully
measured here.

  There was not a chair or table or any
other piece of furniture in the room.
Neither was there a window or door save
the one- by which they had entered. Wal-
ter Babbit noted the strangeness of it all.
and accepted the stranger’s explanation
that he had just moved into the flat and
had no time to put things in order.

  “ Here’s the coat,” the man finally an-
nounced triumphantly, after he had rum-
maged the pile of women’s apparel.
“What’ll you gimme for it?”

  Babbit looked at the garment in amaze-
ment. It was such a coat as he had never
hoped to possess.

  Its inner lining was of most beautiful
fur. The outside was of a soft, black,
genteel-looking material, the name of
which was beyond the Southerner’s
knowledge of cloths.

  Sorrowfully he shook his head.

  “ I couldn’t even make an offer on a
coat like that,” he faltered.

  The stranger fairly beamed upon the
splendid garment.

  “ I know you couldn’t, young feller.
That coat is worth about five hundred
dollars. It wouldn’t be for sale, either,
if—if my poor brother hadn’t died las’
week. I ain’t got the heart to wear it.
I’d give it to you if I wasn’t so blamed
hard up. Come on, make an offer.”

  Babbit smiled deprecatingly.

  “ I’ve only got ten dollars to my
name,” he ventured.

  “ Well,” the other replied, “ I’ll let
you have it fer that. You’re needin’ a
coat pretty bad, an’ I’m glad of the
chanct to help yer.”

  The Georgian was on the point of
giving up his last dollar for the splendid
bargain. Then he remembered that an
overcoat was not the only thing he
needed.

  His room in the cheap boarding-house
was paid for three days more. But his
meals were not included in that.

  He had tried for two weeks to get work
and failed. It might be two weeks more
before anything would show up. No,
he could not spare all his money.

  “ I couldn’t give the ten,” he sighed.
“I’m looking for work, and I have to
keep something for my meals. I don’t
care to spend more than five dollars for
an overcoat just now.”

  “ Make it seven-fifty and split the
diff,” the man haggled.

  The bargain ended in Babbit’s paying
six dollars for the coat. He put it on
and slipped the change into a pocket.

  The man generously offered to pilot
him back to the place he had come from.
The Southerner thanked him and said he
would prefer now to be put on his way
to his lodgings on Eighth Avenue.

  He was led about by more side streets
before his benefactor informed him that
this was Eighth Avenue, and that he was
but ten blocks from home. Then the
stranger, with a curt, “ So long,” disap-
peared around a corner.

  Walter Babbit had walked twenty or
thirty blocks in either direction on
Eighth Avenue in the course of his search
for a room and, later, in his less success-
ful hunt for employment. He thought
he was fairly familiar with certain land-
marks. And he felt quite sure now that
those landmarks were wanting.

  He glanced at the gilt number on the
nearest door. It was 1569. The number
of his lodging-house was 312.

  He walked south half a block to the
corner, and glanced up to see the number
of the street. It was Fifty-Seventh. His
room was near the corner of Twelfth.
Then he noticed the name of the street
upon which he was walking. It was
Madison Avenue..
A COLD DAY FOR THE GEORGIA MAN.

373

  He walked another block and read the
next sign. He was still on Madison
Avenue.

  “ This is queer,” he muttered. “ I
suppose that fellow thought it was a joke
to put a green man so far out of his way.
Oh, well, I’m not so cold but what I can
stand a good walk now.”

  The streets through which he had
passed with the stranger had been quite
deserted. As Babbit walked along the
more crowded avenue he became aware
that people were looking at him curi-
ously. It dawned upon him that the
overcoat was just a trifle out of keeping
with the rest of his garments.

  “ Wonder what they think I am?” he
thought, without worrying particularly.

  The warmth was so welcome that the
mere matter of people’s opinion did not
weigh with him.

  Hardly had he thought out this ques-
tion when it was answered by one of a
gay crowd of young people who crossed
the avenue directly in front of him. One
of them pointed him out and exclaimed:
“Pipe mine new ‘ ofercoadt, Jakey!” in
mocking tones.

  “ Wonder where he stole it! ” put in a
feminine voice.

  It was fortunate that the voice was
feminine. Babbit’s hot Southern blood
went to his forehead in a way that would
have been dangerous for any man who
had thus spoken.

  But as the late purchaser of the over-
coat walked on, and his wrath cooled, a
lot of his satisfaction over his bargain
waned. The suggestion that he had
stolen the garment reminded him of
thieves in general. Somehow this con-
nected in his mind with the strange room
in which he had made his purchase.

  Suddenly he stopped in the middle of
a well-lighted block and exclaimed: “ By
George, I’ll wager it was a stolen coat! ”

  He stood there, wondering what. he
should do. For his life he could not re-
trace his steps to the unpretentious apart-
ment-house. He had no more idea where
it was than he would have had if the
house had been located on the moon.

  His perturbation was increased as three
or four more passers-by stared at his in-
congruous combination of raiment.

  He started again on his way, without
any elasticity in his step. His gait was

slow. He suddenly felt very tired and
hungry. He stopped once more and
looked longingly inside the windows of
an almost empty restaurant he was pass-
ing.

  A man at the table nearest the window
suddenly glanced up. There was a mo-
mentary look of compassion in his eye,
then a slight smile of amusement, which,
in turn, gave place to marked astonish-
ment, mingled with wrath. The man in-
terested Babbit almost as much as Babbit
seemed to interest him.

  For an instant he seemed to be puz-
zling out some line of action. Then,
slowly and easily, he arose from the table,
handed a bill to the waiter, who hurried
forward with a rather unusually light
overcoat for the season, and came out.

  Babbit was sufficiently interested in
him to notice that he eyed the overcoat
very keenly as he passed, and that his
steps quickened after he had walked a
dozen paces.

  He had just turned from staring after
this stranger when a rather flashily
dressed youth made a sudden dash at
him from the opposite side of the street.

  “ Come here, you,” this young man
snapped indignantly. “ What in the
devil are you doing with my overcoat ? ”

  Again the angry flush came to Babbit’s
face. But he did not splutter or offer
fight.

  “ This is not your overcoat. I just
bought it,” he tried to say calmly.

  “ You did, did you? I’ll see about that
when a policeman comes along. Here,
let me have a look at the inside pocket.”

  Babbit felt a sudden freezing around
his heart. Without a murmur he opened
the coat and let the young man examine
the white cloth sewed inside the pocket.

  “ Now,” the other sneered triumphant-
ly, “ perhaps you can explain why your
tailor has put my name on this tag? ”

  Babbit looked in terror at the indelible
writing. “James B. Moore” was very
distinct. More writing followed, pre-
sumably an address.

  “ Well, young fellow, I won’t give you
up to the police. You look as though
you were up against it enough to be
strongly tempted. Just let me have my
coat, and I’ll keep mum.”

  The flashily dressed youth led the way
toward a partially shadowed spot at the
374

THE ARGOSY.

foot of an imposing front stoop. The
Southerner felt grateful for this. It
was less humiliating to have to give up
his finery where the light was not so
glaring. He even murmured, “ Thank
you,” as the young man walked away
with the garment drawn over the one he
already wore.

  Then, as he still stood and tried to
grasp the situation, it dawned upon him
that he had put his last four dollars in the
inside pocket of that overcoat. He start-
ed to run after the young man who had
been so generous as not to prosecute him.
He did not run far.

  “ That’s the man! ” an excited voice
exclaimed, as a big policeman grabbed
Babbit’s wrist. “ But he’s—he’s taken
off my coat.”

  “ Where’d you put it?” the officer
growled, giving the wrist a wrench that
caused all its owner’s fingers to ache.

  Babbit was so astonished that he could
not speak for a few seconds. His jaw
dropped, and refused to close for the
enunciation of words.

  “ Come on, now—be quick! Where’s
that coat?” The officer emphasized the
question with another twist of the wrist
that brought a groan from Babbit’s lips.
It also brought back his power of speech.

  “ Why—why,” he stammered, “ I gave
it back to Mr. Moore.”

  The excited man, whom Babbit now
recognized as the one who had showed so
much interest from the window of the
restaurant, looked angrier and more ex-
cited than ever. The policeman nearly
broke the Southerner’s arm.

  “ None of that, bo,” he cried. “ You
tell us quick where your pal went with
that coat, or we’ll know why.”

  “ I—I don’t know where he went. I—
I was just starting after him.”

  “ Well, how in Tophet could you start
after him if you don’t know where he
went?” the policeman sneered.

  “ He went that way,” and Babbit
pointed. “ I don’t know where.”

  “ Humph ! ” grunted the officer. “ We’ll
just take him to the station, Mr. Moore.
I guess we’ll get somethin’ outer him
there. Will you come along to make the
charge? ”

“ I certainly will,” the man replied.
With another wrench on the wrist the
officer slipped a shining band over that

bruised member. Babbit was too fright-
ened to talk. Only one idea seemed to
possess his mind. He was being ar-
rested—taken to jail like a thief; he was
accused of robbery, and he did not see
how he could ever prove that he was not
guilty.

  And this was the end of the fortune
he had expected to make in the country’s
metropolis.

  His meditation ended as he was jerked
up before the sergeant’s desk in the po-
lice-station.

  “ Got this one almost with the goods
on,” the policeman announced as he sa-
luted his superior. “ It’s one of the gang
that has been workin’ Harlem. This
here gentleman saw him standin’ in front
of the St. Jarvis with his overcoat on.

It was taken three nights ago.”

  “Where’s the coat?” the sergeant in-
quired.

  “ That’s where the young devil got the
best of us. He shifted it to a pal while
Mr. Moore came after me.”

  “ Humph! ” and the sergeant looked
puzzled. He had once been on the
plain-clothes service, and had an interest
in details. “ Looks as though he’d been
expecting to get caught. Are you sure,
Mr. Moore, this is the man you saw ? ”
“Sure? Of course, I’m sure. Why,
if I didn’t remember his face, I couldn’t
help noticing that hat when it was 011
top of a two-hundred-dollar overcoat.”

  Mr. Moore was honestly indignant '
that his identification should be ques-
tioned.

  “ Well, let’s have your pedigree, you
young rascal! What’s your name?”

  “ Walter Babbit,” the Southerner an-
swered in choking tones.

  He wished he could think of some
other name wherewith to keep his own
family from the disgrace, but he couldn’t
do so on the spur of the moment.

  “ Age?”

  “ Twenty-two.”

  “Where do you live?”

  “ Simpson Corners, Georgia,” Babbit
began ; then corrected himself: “ That
is, I lived there till I came here to look
for a position.”

  “ What kind of position were you
looking for?” the sergeant grinned.

  “ I studied bookkeeping at the Atlanta
Business College.”
A COLD DAY FOR THE GEORGIA MAN.	375

  “ Ah! ” and the sergeant smiled still
more. “ Looking for a position of trust
in some bank or business house ? ”

  Babbit mistook the significance of the
smile and answered, “ Yes, sir.”

  “ And thought you would practise on
a few second-story windows till you
could get at a safe easily? ”

  “ Wh—what? ”

  “ Oh, cut out this bluffing,” the offi-
cial growled impatiently. “ If you want
to tell now where your pals are, all
right. If not, we’ll get that out of you
later.”

  “ I don’t know where I got the coat.
I’m not familiar enough with the city.
I couldn’t tell where they took me,”
Babbit pleaded.

  “ Take him to the pen. I’ll be in
there in a minute.” The sergeant nod-
ded significantly, and the policeman
who had arrested him started to obey.

  “ Wait a moment, sergeant.”

  It was the complainant who now in-
terrupted. He had seemed to be inter-
ested in Babbit’s face from the moment
they had entered the room.

  “ I don’t like to go without hearing
the fellow’s story before I make the com-
plaint,” he added.

  “ Well, come on with your yarn.
Make it short,” the sergeant snapped at
Babbit.

  That young man then began and re-
hearsed the whole course of events since
he had been offered a bargain in over-
coats that evening. In fact, he went
further back under the inspiration of
questions from Mr. Moore and the ser-
geant, and told something of his hard-
ships in town since his arrival.

  “But where, was this house?” the
sergeant asked again as Babbit finished.

  “ I don’t know where they took me.
I haven’t the slightest idea.”

  “ You see, Mr. Moore, it’s 110 use. It’s
hardly likely that he could be taken to a
house and brought back without knowing
where he went. New York is a little
better laid out than that. WTe’ll get
more out of him between now and morn-
ing.”

  The man behind the desk saw that his
words were taking good effect.

  “ I’ll be a,round to make the charge,”
Mr. Moore promised.

  The clang of the patrol-wagon sound-

ed outside, and there was a hurried
scuffling of feet at the door.

  “ Take him in,” the sergeant com-
manded, eager to get the one case out of
the way before the newcomers should be
presented.

  He lowered his eyes to the blotter as
Babbit was being led to the pen. The
crowd from a gambling-house raid were
being led iiito the room.

  “Just one moment,” the official
called after Babbit and his leader.
“ Where, did you say, is your present
residence? ”

  The prisoner turned about to reply.
As he swung around, his eyes passed
over the bunch of “ material witnesses ”
the raiders had secured from the gam-
bling-den.

  Then his mouth opened in wonder.
He forgot to reply to the question that
had been asked. In the group was a
young man / whose rich, fur-lined over-
coat was opened to reveal the flashy
clothes within.

  “ That’s the man 1 gave the coat to! ”
Babbit exclaimed.

  “ That looks like my coat,” Mr. Moore
seconded.

  The youth made a quick dodge to get
away. Being arrested as a witness
against a gambling-house was not seri-
ous. He had not minded that. But the
overcoat proposition was different.

  He was stopped, however, by a quick
policeman at the door of the station-
house.

  “ Well, say, Slick Jim, I guess you
overstepped the mark getting that coat
back again,” the sergeant snapped at the
new prisoner. “ Perhaps you can help
clear up this mystery? ”

  Slick Jim helped. Mr. Moore soon
had his overcoat once more. The search
of its pockets, however, failed to reveal
the four dollars of Walter Babbit.,

  “Lost them on the wheel,” Slick Jim
admitted boldly.

  Babbit realized that he must go out
once more into the cold coatless—and
this time penniless as well. He almost
wished for the warm shelter of the sta-
tion-house rather than the journey to
lower Eighth Avenue.

  “Just a moment, Mr. Babbit.” Mr.
Moore stopped him at the outer door of
the station. “ 1 had offered twenty-five
376

THE ARGOSY.

dollars reward for the recovery of that
coat. I didn’t mention it inside for fear
the policeman would claim it.”

  He held out two yellow bills and one
green one. Then he paused as though
about to say something more.

  “ Look here, young man.” he began
again. “ Have you got any letters of
reference from — say, the business col-
lege in Atlanta? I rather like your face,
if that isn’t too much to say to it.”

  For the first time in three weeks Bab-
bit took his letter from the head of the
Atlanta Business College out of its en-
velope before being told that the person
he wanted to show it to had not time to
read it.

  It was a good letter. He had felt
that it would be sure to land him some-
where. It showed that he had held the
highest marks in all classes throughout
the course of study.

  Mr. Moore read it through silently
and handed it back. He looked Babbit
over with a look of disapproval in his
eyes.

  “ Pretty hard on clothes, aren’t you?”
he asked.

  Babbit felt his heart sinking and stam-
mered, “ Yes, sir,” like a schoolboy
caught in some glaring and interdicted
naughtiness.

  “ Still, 1 guess I want you. Here, I’ll
give you a week’s salary in advance. I
know I can trust you, but I couldn’t
have any one in mv office who didn’t
look a bit better dressed than you do.
And here’s my place of business. Please
be there at eight-thirty to-morrow morn-
ing. Get yourself some new clothes in
the meanwhile. Good night, and avoid
further trouble.”

  And before the astonished young man
could more than say “Thank you,” Mr.-
Moore- was sprinting after an up-town
car.

  Babbit looked through half - tearful
eyes at two more yellow bills and one
more green one. Then he hunted for a
shop where he could buy a less expen-
sive overcoat at not quite so good a bar-
gain.

         THE HERO.

 What makes a hero?—not success, not fame,

 Inebriate merchants, and the loud acclaim
 Of glutted Avarice—caps tossed up in air,

 Or pen of journalist with flourish fair;

 Bells pealed, stars, ribbons, and a titular name—

 These, though his rightful tribute, he can spare;

 His rightful tribute, not his end or aim,

 Or true reward; for never yet did these
 Refresh the soul, or set the heart at ease.

 What makes a hero? An heroic mind.

 Expressed in action, in endurance proved.

 And if there be preeminence of right.

 Derived through pain well suffered, to the height
 Of rank heroic, ’tis to bear unmoved,

 Not toil, not risk, not rage of sea or wind,

 Not the brute fury of barbarians blind,

 But worse—ingratitude and poisonous darts,

 Launched by the country he has served and loved:

 This, with a free, unclouded spirit pure;

 This, in the strength of silence to endure,

 A dignity to noble deeds imparts
 Beyond the gauds and trappings of renown;

 This is the hero’s complement and crown;

 This missed, one struggle has been wanting still,

 One glorious triumph of the heroic will,

 One self-approval in his heart of hearts.

Sir Henry Taylor.
A HAND-BAG TOO MANY.

                     By ROBERT KEENE.

                  Wherein is set forth the awful predicament of a good
                  lady with a bad memory, in the shopping district.

“T BEG your pardon, madam — you
1 dropped your bag! ”

  Miss Hutchison turned in the nar-
row, crowded aisle of the department-
storc. Facing her stood an alert-eyed'
young man, hat in hand, holding out to
her a plain, black-leather shopping-case.

  “ Dear me! ” exclaimed the little,
white-haired lady, staring at the famil-
iar-appearing chatelaine he proffered.
“ Why,” raising her empty hands and
clapping them hastily to her belt—
“ why, so I did! ”

  The young man pressed the bag into
her clasp.

  “ I picked it up from the floor behind
you,” he explained briefly, turning away.
“ Not at all,” he called over his shoulder
in answer to her half-uttered speech of
thanks; “^you’re quite welcome! ”

  Then, stepping back into the crowd
around them, he wheeled down another
aisle, and disappeared.

  “Well!” Miss Hutchison stood
flusteredlv looking after his departing
figure. Her eyes dropped to the shop-
ping-case in her hands. “ Well. I’m
very fortunate. I’m sure, to get back my
bag!

  “ And very stupid,” she added. “ to
drop it.”

  Lifting her gaze to glance swiftly
about her, she thankfully perceived that
no one watched the embarrassment she
felt at the exposure of her carelessness.

  No one—that is, save a heavily mus-
tached man in a brown derby hat, stand-
ing beside the opposite counter. He
turned at the moment that she looked in
his direction, his eyes sweeping her from
head to foot in a slow stare, and then
walked indifferently away.

  Blushing slightly, Miss Hutchison
moved forward with the stream of shop-
pers flowing down the aisle.

  “ 1 can’t understand my carelessness
in dropping that bag,” she told herself.

“ If it weren’t for that young man's
honesty, I might have lost it. And sup-
pose I had?”

  She trembled at the thought.

  In the bag was more than two thou-
sand dollars—a sum withdrawn from
her bank not two hours before with
which to purchase letters of credit—and
the steamer tickets for herself and niece,
who were to sail for a summer in Europe
the next day.

  Suppose she lostTThose tickets and all
that money! The vision of the calamity
that would follow caused her to catch
her breath.

  And she had nearly done it. She had
escaped such ill fortune by a hair-
breadth.

  However, she thought gratefully, her
grasp on the bag in her hand tightening,
she had avoided the catastrophe.

  Arrived aNthe end of the aisle, Miss
Hutchison stepped out into the rotunda.
And a glance at the clock, hung in the
dome, brought an ejaculation of surprise
to her lips.

  It was noon, and she had arranged
to meet Marion, her niece, not later than
half after eleven. She was nearly half
an hour late, she realized, as she turned
hastily up another aisle.

  An hour before, Marion and she had
parted on the second floor of the store,
promising to meet again at the glove
counter. Miss Hutchison, arriving there
fifteen minutes ahead of time, had
whiled away a few tedious moments in
the selection of a pair of suedes, and de-
parted.

  She intended returning promptly. But
the minutes had slipped by uncounted in
her aimless wandering about the store,
and now she was late.

  How foolish she had been to leave the
counter, in the first place. Marion, ar-
riving to find her gone, might go off in
search of her; thus they both would be
378

THE ARGOSY.

lost in vain seeking of each other
through the crowded store.

  Still, she was only t\y.enty minutes
late; her niece would wait for her. Yet,
she thought worriedly, she should not
have parted from the girl at all.

  There was Marion’s troublesome love-
affair, Miss Hutchison remembered with
a catch of her breath.

  When the niece had confessed to her
love for Tom Somebody-or-other (her
aunt did not know who nor what he
was), she had put her foot emphatically
down upon the match.

  “ You are too young — entirely too
young! ” was her one objection—the un-
alterable answer to her niece’s every
argument.

  She refused to see the girl’s lover,
turned a deaf ear to all praise of his
good qualities, and at last, driven to
desperation, was preparing to carry
Marion off with her to Europe.

  “ She’s a dear,” the girl informed Tom
Clinton, who raved vainly over the im-
possibility of the situation; “ and I know
she’d agree with me that you’re one, too,
if she’d only agree to see you. Rut she
won’t.

  “ I’m all she has to love ii^ the world,
Tom, and she hates to lose me—yet. In
a year or so I’m sure she’ll change her
mind. But, until then, we’ll just have
to wait. And, remember, she thinks she’s
doing the best thing for me. She’s really
a darling.”

  The “ darling ” now turned down the
aisle containing the glove department.
The passageway between the two counters
was comparatively deserted; her swift
glance down its length unobstructed.
And Marion was not there.

  Her worst fears were realized. They
had missed each other.

  She would ask the salesgirl if any one
answering to her neice’s description had
been there. Miss Hutchison stepped
hastily forward.

  She was within two yards of the coun-
ter and breathlessly hurrying on—when
she stopped short with a startled gasp.

  Lying beside a pile of boxes on the
counter was a plain, black-leather shop-
ping-case—her bag!

  With widened eyes she stared at the
chatelaine. There could be no doubt
about it; it was her own.

  Even at that distance she could see
plainly a long scratch on its upturned
side—a mark she remembered accidental-
ly to have been made some time before
with a hat-pin.

  She readily understood how the bag
came on the counter. She had carelessly
left it behind when she went away from
the department a half-hour ago.

  But—she raised the black-leather case
she held in her hands—but if the bag on
the counter was hers, to whom did the
one she carried belong?

  The young man who gave it to her told
her that he had picked it up behind her
on the floor. She did not have her own
bag with her; therefore he had thought
the case hers, since she alone, probably,
of all the women about him, was empty-
handed.

  And her mistake in taking the strange
chatelaine was no less simple than his
error in giving it to her. The case in
her hands was the exact duplicate, in
point of size and general appearance, of
her own—of a thousand others in daily
use. Without the scratch upon her bag,
she could not have told the difference be-
tween the two, even if they were placed
side by side before her.

  Here she had been carrying around a
strange shopping-case under the impres-
sion that it was her own—congratulating
herself upon the recovery of her bag—
and all the time her precious chatelaine,
the receptacle of her money and the
steamer tickets, was lost!

  For over half an hour that unpreten-
tious-appearing shopping-case had been
lying in plain view on the counter. And
in it was over two thousand dollars in
bills—to say nothing of the six hundred
dollars’ worth of tickets as well.

  Surely good fortune followed in her
footsteps to-day. She had thought herself
lucky when the bag she imagined to be
her own was returned to her. Now, she
was really fortunate in actually recover-
ing her property.

  Miss Hutchison stepped quickly to the
counter.

  “ I left my bag here a few minutes
ago,” she said to the saleswoman. “ That
is it,” reaching out her hand to the case
before her.

  “ I beg your pardon,” replied the girl,
picking up the bag and laying it down
A HAND-BAG TOO MANY.

379

on the ledge of Jhe shelf behind her.
“ This belongs to some one else.”

  “ Some one else! ” Miss Hutchison ex-
claimed. “ I’m sure you’re wrong—the
bag belongs to me! ”

  The girl watched her with a smile upon
her lips.

  “ Do you think you lost your bag,
madam? ” she asked slowly.

  “ Certainly I don’t think it! ” the little
lady answered a trifle sharply. “ I know
I lost it. The bag you’ve just picked up
is mine.”

  The smile deepened 011 the salesgirl’s
face. She leaned confidentially over the
counter.

  “ You’ve made a mistake,” she said in
an amused tone. “ Your bag isn’t lost—
you're carrying it in your hands right
now! ”

  Miss Hutchison gasped, and, lifting
the bag she held, stared from it to the
young woman’s smiling face.

  “ You’re mistaken,” she replied quick-
ly. “ This bag isn’t mine—I don’t know
whose it is. But the one behind you be-
longs to me.”

  “ You’re sure you haven’t made some
mistake?” The girl’s voice was kind,
as though she was speaking to an un-
reasonable child. “ Surely you wouldn’t
be carrying somebody else’s bag instead
of your own?”

  Miss Hutchison sat down 011 the stool
before the counter. The situation was
aggravating in the extreme. Here she was,
within sight of her bag and its precious
contents, but she couldn't get it because
this stupid girl thought the bag she held
in her hands was her own. Oh, it was
maddening!

  “ You wouldn’t be carrying two bags,
would you? ” the young woman was say-
ing.

  Collecting her scattered wits, the little
lady leaned forward and impressively
addressed her.

  “ Listen,” she began. “ A young man
picked this bag up from the floor behind
me 011 the other side of the store, and
gave it to me. I had left my bag—the
one behind you—here 011 this counter,
where I bought a pair of gloves not more
than half an hour ago.

  “ Of course, the man thought the chat-
elaine was mine; I was near it, and did
not carry a bag, as probably every other

woman around him did. I took the bag.
thinking it was mine, when I discovered
that the one I owned was gone—you can
see for yourself how much alike the two
are.

  “ That young man and I both made a
mistake. You’re making one, too, by
holding back my property. Now, won’t
you please return my bag to me? ”

  The girl looked at her in silence. The
smile had left her lips, and she considered
the older woman quite gravely.

  “ Well, you see,” she said slowly at
length, “ it’s very peculiar, you know—
you having a bag in your hands and then
coming to claim this one. I don’t want
to make any mistake.”

  “ But that’s just what you are doing! ”
Miss Hutchison cried earnestly. “ I tell
you that bag behind you on the shelf is
mine! ”

  “ Well,” hesitated the girl, “ you see, 1
don’t know. Maggie—she’s the girl
that waited on you, I guess—she told me
that somebody'd left her bag here, and
to give it to the party when she called.
But she didn’t say anything about the
person who left it having two bags. And
I don’t—”

  “ Where is the other girl—the one who
waited on me? ”•

  “ Maggie? She’s gone home. You
see—”

  “ When will she return? ” Miss Hutch-
ison impatiently interrupted again. “ She
can identify me and give me back my
bag.”

  “ She won’t be back.” calmly an-
nounced the other. “ She went home
sick, and she won’t be here till to-morrow
morning.”

  The little lady received the informa-
tion in stunned silence. This girl would
not surrender her bag because she did
not know her. The salesgirl who could
identify her was not there. How was
she to secure her property, then?

  “This is most annoying!” she ex-
claimed at last. “ I don’t know what I
can do to convince you that the bag you
are keeping from me is really mine.”

  The girl pondered the situation for a
moment.

  “ Well, ma’am,” she said finally, “ you
understand I’m willing to give you your
bag if I know it’s yours. But I don’t
want to get into any trouble over it. If
380

THE ARGOSY.

I turned it over to you, and somebody
came along after you’d gone, and 1 found
you hadn’t—well—”

  “ I can tell you everything that’s in
it,” cried the other, suddenly struck with
the idea. “ Just hold the bag down under
the counter, where I can’t see it, and I’ll
identify everything it contains.”

  The girl smiled again, this time pity-
ingly.

  “No, ma’am,” she grinned; “ that’s
too easy. Suppose the bag belonged to
somebody you knew, and you’d seen
whatever was in it—you could tell me
all right. We girls that need our jobs
have got to be awful careful or we’ll get
fired, you see.”

  Miss Hutchison’s teeth closed with ail
angry snap. The situation was intoler-
able—and there seemed no way out of
it.

  Why had that young man ever handed
her the hateful bag she carried? If he
hadn’t troubled to return to her what was
not hers, she would not be in her present
difficulty.

  And why hadn’t she been more care-
ful in accepting it? Why hadn’t she
kept her wits about her and examined
the bag before she took it?

  Suddenly she sat erect upon the stool.
Into her mind had flashed a sudden, hor-
rifying thought.

  It had not occurred to her before, but
—had that young man really picked up
the bag, as he said he did?

  Suppose—she shuddered at the possi-
bility—suppose he had lied? Suppose
the bag was his and he had wished to be
rid of it?

  Why should he wish that? Because
lie did not want to be seen carrying the
case.

  Perhaps the young man was a shop-
lifter!

  She had read stories of the desperate
means taken to avoid capture by this
order of criminals.

  This might be one of those stories hap-
pening in real life. The young man, if
he was a shoplifter with a bag full of
loot, might have been pursued through
the store.

  The first thing he would do would be
to try to get rid of the incriminating evi-
dence of his guilt.

  And what more natural means of doing

so could he devise than to hand the bag
over to the first woman he saw without
a shopping-case, explain thai he had
picked the bag up near her on the floor,
trust to luck that she might indeed have
dropped hers, and substitute his booty-
sack for her property?

  Had that happened to her? Miss
Hutchison felt a cold perspiration break
out on her body.

  She remembered the young man’s man-
ner when he had given her the bag she
held. She recalled that he had hurried
off immediately after she took the case
from him.

  Was he a thief? Had he made her a
party to his crime by turning over to her
the stolen goods to escape detection?

  What was in the bag he had given
her? If she had looked into it in the
first place, she would have avoided the
mistake she had made. And if the case
contained stolen property when she re-
ceived it, that property was still there.

  There was just oue way to find out.
With a swift turn of her wrist, she opened
the bag she held on her knees as she sat
on the low stool before the counter.

  Dropping her eyes, she shot a swift
glance within. Then, with a half-
smothered cry, she snapped the clasp
hastily shut and looked fearsomely about
her.

  The chatelaine was crammed—literal-
ly stuffed to bursting with a disordered
mass of expensive laces, gold watches,
odd bits of jewelry, an embroidered scarf
or two—a jumble which fairly shrieked
its identity to be “ loot.”

  Oh, where was Marion? the little lady
thought agonizedly. She needed her;
needed some one near her to bolster her
waning courage.

  She cast a second nervous glance
around her. At the realization that no
one had seen the inside of the case, she
drew a deep sigh of relief and sharply
caught her breath.

  Her eyes met those of a familiar face
at the corner of the aisle, ten yards dis-
tant, on her left.

  The same thickly-mustached man in
the brown derby hat who had stared at
her after she received the strange bag,
was now watching her.

  His eyes seemed to bore two holes into
her head with the intensity of his gaze.
A HAND-BAG TOO MANY.

381

Miss Hutchison felt the color rushing
into her cheeks as she turned away her
timid glance.

  Who was that man? He frightened
her. Her eyes dropped again to the
shopping-case in her lap. Did he know
what was in it? she wondered nervously.

  She must get rid of the bag. The
danger of its contents being discovered
and found in her possession was too great.

  Forgotten was her previous distress at
her failure to recover her own chatelaine
in the new' anxiety to be rid of the other.

  But how was she to do away with the
bag of stolen goods?

  The burden of the problem was too
much for her to bear unaided. If Marion
would only come, she thought worriedly,
they two could devise some means out of
the difficulty.

  “ Say,” broke in the voice of the sales-
woman, watching her troubled face from
behind the counter, “ I’m awful sorry
about that bag; honestly I am! I don’t
know but what it does belong to you,
and—well—oh, gee! I wisht I knew
what to do about it! ”

  Miss Hutchison looked up at the girl,
her lip trembling at the sympathy in her
voice.

  The young woman had a kind face;
perhaps she could help her. If she told
her what w*as in the bag she held, pos-
sibly the girl could advise her how best
to dispose of it.

  Suddenly she determined to throw
herself upon the shopwoman’s mercies.
She brought the leather case up from
her lap and laid it down on the counter.

  Her fingers twisted -tremblingly at the
clasp, the bag slipped half-open—and a
hand gripped her lightly on the shoul-
der.

  The tiny little lady turned with a nerv-
ous little cry—to look up into the heavily
mustached face of the man in the brown
derby.

  “ Don’t open that bag, lady! ” the man
said in a low, grim voice; “ not unless
you want to get yourself pinched before
the whole store! ”

  Miss Hutchison stared wildly into his
lowered face. His first words confirmed
her suspicions as to the consequences of
the discovery of the shoplifter’s bag in
her possession. This man, then, knew
what was in it.

  “I — 1 don’t understand you! ” she
said weakly. “Who—who are you?”
“I’m the store-detective — see?” the
man explained in a hoarse whisper. “ I'm
onto what you got in that grip, see?
Now. you want to keep quiet and not
make no fuss, or you’ll have me snap the
bracelets onto you right out here in
front of everybody. See? ”

  “ B-bracelets ! ” Miss Hutchison stut-
tered between her chattering teeth.
“ VV-what d-do you m-mean?”

  “ Handcuffs — darbies — manacles is
what I mean—see? ” he whispered fierce-
ly. “ Now, you want to keep quiet and
come along with me without no trouble.”
She was arrested! Oh, this was ter-
rible, terrible. If Marion would only
come!

  “ B-but,” she stammered, her eyes
pleadingly searching the face of the man
bending over her—“ but you—you are
making a mistake! I am not what you
think me to be—truly. I can explain—”
“ No, you won’t! ” the other interrupt-
ed in a hard undertone. “ There’s noth-
in’ to explain. You’re caught with the
goods, and you’ll have to come along with
me.”

  “ W-where are you going to take me? ”
the little lady asked helplessly.

  “ I’ll take you to the manager’s office;
he’d like to see a slick shoplifter like
you! We’ll search you there.”

  “Search me!” Miss Hutchison rose
tremblingly to her feet. “ Oh, you can’t
—you won’t do that! Please—”

  She broke off abruptly as her eyes,
raised to the man’s face, swept down the
aisle behind him.

  •Marion was advancing toward her
down the passageway.

  At last! Now she would not be alone
in her trouble; her niece would help her.

  “ Marion ! ” she called to the approach-
ing girl, “ Mar—”

  Her voice died in her throat; the girl
was not alone—with her was a man. a
young man—

  It was the young man who had given
her the bag of stolen goods!

  She turned swiftly to the fellow with
the mustache standing beside her.

  “There!” she cried excitedly, point-
ing to the advancing couple. “ There is
the person whom you want — there is
your shoplifter! ”
382

THE ARGOSY.

  The man in the brown derby turned
swiftly. His jaw hardened as he caught
sight of the alert-eyed young man com-
ing up the aisle.

  “ Why, auntie! ” exclaimed Marion.
“Whatever is the matter? What has
happened ? ”

  “Marion!” Miss Hutchison gasped
the question. “ What are you doing
with that—that man?”

  “ Oh, it’s Tom—Tom Clinton ! ” the
girl answered hastily. “ Let me intro-
duce you. Tom, this is—”

  “ Stop! ” the little lady checked her.
Then, aquiver with indignation, she
stepped forward anti faced the young
man.

  “ So you are the man who dares to
love my niece! ” and she addressed him
in a voice which trembled with anger.
“ You—a common thief, a—”

  “ Why, aunt! ” Marion broke in
amazedly.

  “ Stop! ” her aunt interrupted her.
“ Marion, you have been deceived in this
man. He is a thief—a criminal!”

  “ There is some mistake here, I’m
positive,” and the young man addressed
the indignant, flashing-eyed lady before
him. “ You surely do not mean—”
“You surely do not mean to deny
that you gave me this bag, do you? ” his
accuser cried fiercely.

  “I gave it to you, yes! ” the other an-
swered surprisedly. “ But—”

  “ That will do,” Miss Hutchison broke
in. “ You gave me this bagful of
stolen lace and jewelry and other things.
You hear that? ” and she turned excited-
ly to the black-mustached man who now
stood behind her. “ He admits that he
gave the bag to me—he is the one you
can take before your manager and
search! Show him this ‘ slick ’ shop-
lifter ! ”

  “ Will you let me explain—” Mar-
ion’s companion began.

  “Explain!” scornfully demanded
Miss Hutchison. “ Explain—what have
you to explain?”

  “ Marion,” as she turned to her niece,
standing in wide-eyed astonishment be-
side her, “ this—this man came up to me
in this store half an hour ago and gave
me this bag. He told me he picked it
up from the floor near me—I had left
my own bag here on this counter, and so

took this case to be mine—and then lie
hurried off.

  “ Inside the bag is a mass of stolen
property. This man was probably pur-
sued through the store, wished to get rid
of his loot, and so turned it over to me.
You see—”

  “Wait!” The young man stepped
determinedly forward. “ You must let
me explain. I gave you this bag, just
as you said I did, telling you that I had
picked it up, from the floor behind you.
'That is true; I found the bag and gave
it *to you because you were the nearest
woman to it without a bag of some sort,
and I thought it belonged to you. But
I did not know what was in it. 1 never
saw it before 1 picked it up—it was
not mine! ”

  Miss Hutchison stared at him speech-
lessly. His story was plausible; there
was no reason why it could not be true.
And he was the man her niece loved.
Marion surely would know if he were a
criminal.

  Perhaps she had made a mistake in
accusing him. But—

  “ But if you are not guilty,” she
stammered faintly, “ who is the shoplift-
er to whom this bag belongs? ”

  The man in the brown derby cleared
his throat and stepped out from behind
the little lady.

  “Now, don’t make a fuss about this
right out in the open,” he cautioned the
three. “You don’t want to rouse the
whole store, do you ? ”

  They looked at him in silence.

  “ I’m the house-detective,” the man
explained to the girl and her fiance.
“ We can arrange this thing* if you’ll
keep quiet, so there won’t be any scandal
in which the old lady ”—nodding at Miss
Hutchison—“is mixed up. Just keep
cool now, and I’ll fix this thing.”

  “ But who is the thief to whom this
bag belongs?” the little lady asked
worriedly. “ Until he is found, I shall
be under suspicion because I have the<
stolen goods.”

  “ I don’t know who he is,” replied
Marion’s friend, “ but I’m going to see
if I can’t find him.”

  He turned away. As he passed Marion,
he whispered in her ear:

  “ This is my chance. Your aunt is in
trouble; and if I can get her 'out of it,
A HAND-BAG TOO MANY.

383

I’m certain her objection to our engage-
ment will end. I’ve got a clue that I’ll
follow up in the next five minutes and
report on right away. Wait for me.”

  He walked hurriedly down the aisle.
The man in the brown derby looked
after him sharply; and then, stepping to
the counter beside them, beckoned Miss
Hutchison and her niece to draw near.

  “ Nowr,” he said in a confidential un-
dertone, “ here’s what I’ll do. You turn
over that bag to me,' I’ll report the goods
in it to the office, and let you get away.

  “ Of course, I could pinch you and
make a lot of trouble that you wouldn’t
like to have happen. But I’lPkeep my
eyes shut, so to speak, this time, and let
you go.”

  He turned to Marion and winked
knowingly toward her aunt.

  “ I can see the old lady ain’t a pro-
fessional crook. I understand what’s the
matter with her.” He wagged his head
shrewdly. “ Kleptomaniacs can’t help
their habits—she ain’t to blame.”

  “ But! ” Miss Hutchison gasped ama-
zedly; “you—”

  “ Say,” the shopgirl behind the counter
interrupted, “ I’ve changed my mind
about givin’ you that bag of yours.”

  She cast a scornful glance at the mus-
tached man.

  “ I don’t believe you’re a shoplifter,
nor a ‘ klep,’ neither,” she announced.

  With a determined gesture, she hand-
ed the little lady her precious satchel.
“ There you are, madam,” she said, glow-
ering again at the man beside them.
“ Those fly cops think they know it all,”
she sniffed contemptuously; “ but they
don’t.”

  The little lady hurriedly opened the
bag, and the eyes of the brown-derbied
man at her side glistened as he caught
sight of the roll of bills within.

  “ Now, let’s get down to business,”
he whispered hastily. “ You give me
that bag and—and a hundred dollars out
of that roll, and I’ll let you go.”

  Miss Hutchison looked uncertainly at
her niece. Should she do as the man
asked—pay a bribe to save herself from
the consequences of a crime she had not
committed? The two women stared
helplessly at each other.

  “ Quick! ” hissed the low voice at
their side. “Turn over that bag and the

money, and I’ll beat it. If you don’t,
I’ll take you both to the manager’s of-
fice, have you searched—both of you,
mind—and then take you to jail. Which
is it? ”

  The little lady glanced questioningly
again at Marion.

  “ Do as he says, aunt,” whispered her
niece. “ You must save yourself from
this dreadful predicament.”

  Miss Hutchison looked timidly at the
man bending over her shoulder.

  “ You understand,” she said slowly,
“ that I am innocent of any wrong-do-
ing—”

  “ I only understand that I’m taking
graft and runnin’ the danger of gettin’
fired out of my job,” he answerd quick-
ly. “ Come on, now; hand over that bag
and a hundred dollars!”

  The little lady detached a bill from
the bundle in her bag and slipped it,
with the shoplifter’s chatelaine, into his
hands. Almost before they realized it,
so swift was his departure, the man was
gone.

  “ Well,” the little lady sighed wearily.
“ that’s over with now. I’ve got rid of
that hateful case of stolen property, and
I have my own bag again. I suppose
I’m very fortunate to get out of all this
annoyance as easily as I have.”

  “ That horrid man! ” Marion ex-
claimed angrily. “ To think that he
would accuse you of being a—a thief!
I hope he does lose his wretched job for
treating you as he did—and then making
you pay him for it! ”

  Miss Hutchison rose.

  “ I’m lucky, I guess, to escape any-
thing worse,” she said. “ Come, dear,
we’ll go now.”

  “ Oh, wait! ” the girl cried in some
embarrassment. “Tom — Mr. Clinton
promised to be back and asked me to
wait for him.”

  “ Marion,” began her aunt sharply,
“ we will not stay—”

  “ Look—auntie! ” her niece interrupt-
ed, staring behind the little lady.

  Miss Hutchison turned quickly.
Coming toward them down the aisle
was a group of men led by Tom Clinton,
in whose footsteps followed the fellow
in the brown derby, his arms linked in.
those of two strangers.

  “ Here’s your shoplifter, Miss Hutchi-
384

TH E ARGOSY.

son,” Mr. Clinton announced as the
party halted at her side. “ This man who
told us he was the house-detective here
is the thief himself.

  “ I suspected that all wasn’t well,” he
continued. “ The way the man kept
cautioning us to be quiet struck me as a
little odd. It seemed that he was more
anxious than we were to avoid notoriety.

  “ So I went at once to the manager of
the store, asked him for a description of
the detective, and was immediately intro-
duced to this gentleman ”—he bowed to
one of the two men between whom the
thief stood—“ as none other than the
genuine special officer.

  “ I explained the situation to the man-
ager,” he nodded to the second of the
two men holding the shoplifter—“ and
we three started to the scene at once.

  “ On the way we met this crook just
getting ready to leave the store, collared
him, and he has confessed.” He turned
to the black-mustached man.

  “ Tell your story to the ladies as you
told it to us,” he ordered.

  “ Why, there ain’t nothin’ to tell, I
guess, they don’t already know,” the man
answered with a wry smile. “ Somebody
knocked ‘the bag out of my hand and I
saw this young feller pick it up and give
it to the old lady. Then I followed her,
tryin’ to get it back, some way.

  “ I seen her open it up here at this
counter, so 1 went up and pretended to
be a detective that was goin’ to arrest
her—threw a scare into her so’s she’d
give up the bag.

  “ Then I seen the wad of bills she
liad, and 1 thought 1 could carry the
game further and get some cash out of
her on the bluff. If I hadn’t done that,”
he ended ruefully, “ I’d have got away.
Hanging around to get that money was
what gave these men a chance to get me
before I got off.”

  Miss Hutchison looked from the thief
to the young man standing at her niece’s
side, f-ft came forward and returned to
her the money she had given the psuedo-
detective.

  e‘ Thank you,” she said.

  “ He wasn’t such a bad sort of a fel-
low, after all,” she thought, as she care-
fully surveyed him. “ He was quite
clever, too, to foil that man’s game.
Perhaps—”

  Marion, watching the softened expres-
sion upon her aunt’s face, advanced to
Tom Clinton and linked her arm in his.

  “ Don’t you think, auntie— ” she be-
gan shyly.

  Miss Hutchison instantly burned her
bridges.

  “ I think,” she said firmly, “ that we’d
better go to lunch—all three of us! ”

A SUMMER SONG.

 Though the days of summer are lighter
 In the breath of perfume and flowers,
 And the skies are cloudless and brighter
 Than ever were ours;

 Though ,the flush of the streams onftowing
 May murmur a wood-noted song,

 And the wild-hearted daisy is growing
 The woodside along;

 Yet the sullen, sad silence of winter
 May keep with the trend of the heart,
 And meetings come only to glint a
 Rare moment, and part.

 For rather the somber clouds starting
 Than ever the skies’ lightest hue,

 If lightness comes but with the parting
         From you.

Archibald Douglas.

                                                              (
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Heat that makes complete

There are thousands of
houses that need only to be
furnished with the home-
making comfort of Steam,
Hot-Water, or Vacuum
heating to secure good ten-
ants or ready purchasers.
No one will long live in a
poorly heated house, and
the vacant house goes to
pieces much faster than
one which is occupied.

will attract and hold tenants at 10% to
15 "/( higher rentals; property sells quicker,
and owner gets back the full cost of the
heating outfit. IDEAL - Boilers and
AMERICAN Radiators are annually re-
placing thousands of old-fashioned heating equipments that have been found
wasteful and wanting in OLD cottages, houses, stores, churches, schools, etc.
Ever hear of any one going back to other forms of heating once they have tried
our way? Any argument in that to you?

 Don’t delay investigating this well-paying permanent investment with its marked fuel, labor, and
 repair savings, besides the greater comfort, health protection, cleanliness, safety, and durability.

                                                        Just the season to get the
                               j|j services of the most skill-
                               ful fitters. Prices are now
                               ffi	most favorable.

A No. 3015 IDEAL Boiler and 175 ft.
of 38-in. AMERICAN Radiators,
costing the owner $118, were used
to Steam heat this cottage.

 At these prices the goods can he bought of any reputable, competent fitter.
 This did not include cost of labor, pipe, valves, freight, etc.. which installa-
 tion is extra and varies according to climatic and other conditions.

 A No. 3-22 IDEAL Boiler and 400
 ft. of 38-in. AMERICAN Radiators,
 costing the owner $205, were used
 to Hot-Water heat this cottage.

 Write to-day for free val-
 uable book, telling how
 to save heating dollars
 and the way to save build-
 ings from emptiness and
 decay. Our definite in-
 formation and booklets
 •put you under no obliga-
 tion whatsoever to buy.

  zzs. American Radiator company *3sssr

In answering this atlrtrtiscment it is dfsirable tbit you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

NATIONAL BISCUIT COMPANY

n      p-lai 
       9 Ml  
  to i       
Away from the
Commonplace

 —Into the realm of the
 rarest confection de-
 lights — you will class

NABISCO

SUGAR WAFERS

 Out of the ordinary in
 dainty form, in delightful
 goodness, in dessert
 adaptability.

In Ten
Cent Tins

Also in
twenty-five
ccr.t tins

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Abgost.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Copyright, 1909, The House of Kuppenheimer, Chicago

There are Kuppenheimer Clothes for men of all ages and tastes.

If you’re young and happy, look it. You’ll find in the new
Kuppenheimer styles many designs and patterns that are
distinctly young-mannish—decidedly right.

They’re quality clothes — for men who give a second thought

to looks.	Our book, Styles for Men, sent upon request.

  The H©mse of SCoppeolheimer

CHICAGO	NEW YORK	BOSTON

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tub Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

M. P. Durable Exterior
Varnish

        For sale by paint dealers everywhere. If not at yours, we will send
    by express prepaid on receipt of price.

        Full descriptive price list on application.

THE GLIDDEN VARNISH COMPANY

                          Makers of high grade varnishes for all purposes
     2508 ROCKEFELLER BLDG.	CLEVELAND, OHIO

is a wonderful varnish for outside
or inside exposed woodwork.
Especially adapted for front
doors, window sash and sills. Is
very elastic and flows out with a
beautiful deep lustre. Is for use
upon exposed parts of residences,
buildings, yachts, etc., or wher-
ever an exterior or spar varnish
is required.

Price $4.00 per Gallon
Quarts $1.00 each

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that non mention The Arcosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Two Salary Increases

and Their Meaning

    The man on the left has found a fifty-cent raise in his pay envelope—given
to him, not because his work warrants it, but simply because he’s been at the
same old job since goodness knows when, and that he means well, despite his lack
of training. The other fellow has found an extra Five Dollar bill in his envelope.
Because he’s worth it. Because he not only means well, but does well. Because
he leads where the other chap follows. In other words, because he’s an expert.

     The International Correspondence Schools of Scranton have brought substantial salary
increases to thousands of poorly paid but
ambitious men by fitting them for the work
they like best. Distance was no obstacle. Age
didn’t hinder. Lack of schooling did not
prevent. Long working hours did not deter."

The I.C.S. went to these men. Trained them
at home. In spare time. Without selling
them a book.

A Substantial Increase for YOU

Mark the attached coupon and learn how
you can win many substantial salary in-
creases at the occupation you have a natural
liking for. Besides merely ensuring you
more money now, an I. C. S. training will
bring you lasting success. On an average,

300 students every month VOLUNTARILY
report salary increases and promotions re-
ceived as the direct result of I. C. S. training.

During February the number was 275.

  Marking the coupon costs you nothing
and places you under no obligation. Then,
mark it NOW.

SALARY-RAISING COUPON

 J INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS \

i	Box 80 , Scranton, I‘a.	,

  i	Please explain, without further obligation ou niv part, how	■

  i	I can qualify for employment or advancement in the position	t

 i	before which I have marked X	I

 Bookkeeper
 Stenographer
 Advertisement Writer
 Show Card Writer
 Window Trimmer
 Commercial Law
 Illustrator
 Civil Service
 Chemist

 Textile Mill Supt.
 Electrician
 Elec. Engineer

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

In answering any aOrertisemi nt on this page it is denimt/iv that you mention The Abgosy.

Look Up Bed Prices
Before You Buy

Make your money go as far as it will in bed
buying. We make a most dependable bed
at a modest price.

Sanitaire Beds

( $5 to $25—Absolutely Guaranteed)

 Stand rigid. Have ball bearing Ft eel or brass casters.
 Five and six coats hard enamel—this is why we can give
 an absolute ton years guarantee, which means they
 practically last a lifetime.

Original designs by our own designer. Finishes in
delicate tints, gold or natural wood. Ask about our
springs and babies’ cribs.

 Send for our Free fO-page Catalog. Try a Sanitaire
 Bed30 Nights Free. Money backijnot as represented.

Marion Iron ® Brass

671 Sanitaire Ave..

Bed Co.

Marion, Ind*

Every-

thing

for

Summer
Wear
at the
“National

A Fort une

                  Is Yours—$10,000 in cash and
),000 worth of stock in The
. rMiatni Cycle & Mf g. Co.—is offered
in the “ Bond Behind the Factory”
to any one who can prove that the solution of
the Crank Hanger problem, as published in our
pamphlet—"The Three Reasons”—has been fig-
ured incorrectly. Send for a copy of the Bond.

It’s All in the Crank Hanger.

  Made - to - Measure Silk
Suits, Ready - Made Lin-
gerie Dresses, Tub Suits,
all the new Waists and
Skirts — everything new
in Summer wear for La-
dies, Misses and Children
—all are shown in your
FREE copy of the
“NATIONAL” Summer
Style Book.

  We want YOU to write
for your copy of the
“NATIONAL” Style
Book to-dav. We want you	/

to realize just how great a

benefit the “NATIONAL” will be to you—how
much satisfaction and economy and real pleasure
there will be to YOU in wearing “ NATIONAL”
clothes. May we expect to hear from you ?

World’s

 Best

Bicycle

pushes farther and faster, with less work, than any
other bicycle. This isn’t a mystery. The Racycle
has 27.9# less pressure on the bearings than any
ordinary bicycle. It is the best hill climber and
easiest running wheel made.

  This season’s construction makes the Racycle
Crank Hanger unbreakable. In our 1909 models
we are making head, seat clusters and crowns in
frame construction all of Drop Forged steel, and
head fittings turned from solid bar stock—features
not found in any other bicycle.

   Our 1909 Catalog and pamphlet—“The Three Rea-
   sons”—which fully explains BIG PKIZK problem,
   sent for 2c stamp, FRKK if you mention this pub-
   lication and ask for Catalog B. We make no
   ••heap Racycles, but you can get yours cheap by
   securing us an agent.

 The

Miami Cycle & Mfg. Co., Middletown, 0..U.S.A.

 Range

  TAILORED SUITS

Made-to-Measure $»7 50 $QCE7”'
New York Styles I to	Prepaid

   In addition to all New York’s desirable New Styles
in summer Ready-Made Apparel your “NATIONAL”
Style Book will show you the famous new fashion
plates of “NATIONAL” Made-to-Measure Tailored
Suits in silks and other light weight fabrics delight-
fully cool for Summer wear. And each of these will
be cut to your order out of your choice of our 400
materials, and we take all the risk of fitting you and
pleasing you perfectly.

The “NATIONAL” Policy

  Each “NATIONAL” Garment has the “NATIONAL
GUARANTEE TAG ” attached. This is our signed guar-
antee which says: “ Your money back if you ask for it.”

• We prepay postage or express charges on all
"NATIONAL” Garments to anywhere in the United
.States.

  Won’t you write to-day for your “NATIONAL” Style
Book and Samples which we will send you free.

National Cloak and Suit Company

247 West 24th St., New York City
Largest Ladies' Outfitting Establishment in the World

Mall Orders Only	No Agents or Branch Stores
    THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

There is But One
“Holeproof Hosiery”

Now 25c a Pair

6 Pairs—Guaranteed 6 Months—$1.50
—up to $3.00

The genuine "Holeproof” are sold in your
town. On request we will tell you the
dealers’ names. Or we will ship direct,
charges prepaid, on receipt of remittance.

"Holeproof” are made for men, women
and children. Ask your people to try them.

Qht!ycub ftxrtu e&rUu/uul P

Holeproof Hosiery Co., 299 Fourth St., Milwaukee, Wis.

It has the name “Holeproof” on the toe.

    _ «•

Please do not judge the genuine by
heavy and coarse imitations.

“Holeproof” is the original guaranteed hosiery. We
worked 31 years to perfect it. No maker with less expe-
rience can make a hose as good.

It is light, soft and attractive.

There are a hundred other hosieries with guarantees
like ours. But you don’t want hose cumbersome, heavy
and coarse.

“Holeproof” today costs the same as the common.

You may as well have it.

We pay an average of 63c a pound for our yarn. Ours
comes from Egypt. We use 3-ply yarn throughout with a
6-ply heel and toe. Thus we get superior wear.

We spend $30,000 a year for inspection. You’ll insist
on “Holeproof” if you’ll compare all kinds. But don’t
say merely “Holeproof Hose.” Look for the name on the
toe, else you may get an imitation not even half so good.

If you want the most for your money you must see
that you get “Holeproof.”

This guarantee comes in each box of six pairs: “If
any or all of these hose come to holes or need darning
within six months from the day you buy them, we will
replace them free.”

Holeproof Sox—6 pairs, 81.50. Medium and light weight.
Black, black with white feet, light and dark tan, navy blue,
pearl gray, lavender, light blue, green, gun-metal, and
mode. Sizes, 9Vz to 12. Six pairs of a size and weight in
a box. All one color or assorted, as desired.

Holeproof Sox (extra light weight)—Made entirely of Sea
Island cotton. 6 pairs, 82.

Holeproof Lustre-Sox —6 pairs, S3. Finished like 6ilk.
Extra light weight. Black, navy blue, light and dark tan,
pearl gray, lavender, light blue, green, gun-metal, khaki
and mode. Sizes, 9lA to 12.

Holeproof Full-Fashioned Sox—6 pairs, 83. Same colors
and sizes as Lustre-Sox.

Holeproof Stockings—6 pairs, $2. Medium weight. Black,
tan, and black with white feet. Sizes, 8 to 11.

Holeproof Lustre-Stockings—6 pairs, 83. Fin-
ished like silk. Extra light weight. Tan and
black. Sizes, 8 to 11.

Boys* Holeproof Stockings—6 pairs, 83. Black
and tan. Specially reinforced knee, heel and
toe. Sizes, 5 to 11.

Misses' Holeproof Stockings —6 pairs, S3.

Black and tan. Specially reinforced knee, heel
and toe. Sizes, 5 to 9Vz. These are the best Reg. 17. S. Pat.
children’s hose made today.	office, 1906.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Here’;

ItIj i/Uj •

Your Chance

   It’s more than a chance—you can make it
 a certainty because it depends entirely upon
 yourself. It’s your opportunity to rise to one
 of the countless positions open to the trained
 man and obtain a trained man’s salary.

    The man who sits in his private office and “ hires
 and fires” and lays out your work was no more
 qualified to fill that position a few years ago than
 you are to-day. He saw his chance and made the
 most of it. He obtained his training and know-
 ledge by study. You can do the same—the American
 School will help you.

     Don't be afraid to mail the coupon, you won't be bothered by
  agents or collectors. Like all strictly educational institutions
  the American School depends, for growth, upon reputation and
  the success of its students.

     Don’t let a little thing like filling in and mailing a coupon
  stand between you and success, congenial work and more pay.
  Accept your chance to-day.

  WE HELP MEN HELP THEMSEL VES {

 FREE INFORMATION COUPON

 American School of Correspondence,

                           Chicago, U. S. A.:

  Please send me your free Bulletin of Engineering information
  and advise me how I can qualify for position marked “X.”

    ..Electrical Engineer
    ..Draftsman
    ..Civil Engineer
    ..Mechanical Engineer
    ..Stationary Engineer
    ..Structural Engineer
    ..Municipal Engineer
    ..Railroad Engineer

 .....Structural Draftsman

  .....Heating and Ventilating Engr.

 .....Plumber

 .....Architect

 .....Hydraulic Engineer

 .....Textile Boss

  .....Sheet Metal Pattern Draftsman

 .....College Preparatory Course

NAME...............

ADDRESS.........

 OCCUPATION-

 Argosy, 5-’09

PERFECTION

MARINE ENGINES

                     This engine ap-
  peals at once to those
  who want the slick-
  est finished, best built
  engine ever sold at
  reasonable price. Com-
  parison proves that the
  ‘ Perfection ” equals the
  most expensive engines—
  beats most of them. In quality
  of materials, workmanship, strength,
  power, accessibility; and in economy of '
  it stands alone as the biggest value to be had.

  durability,
  operation,

  Price quoted is for ensrino complete
  Finest babbitted bearings; elevated
  commutator with enclosed gears. Choice
  of improved generator or float-
  feed carburetor, etc. Sold on our
  “ Square deal ” plan. Every engine
  guaranteed to give satisfaction.
  k You take no risk. Write for
  Catalog—gives complete in-
  formation in which every
  buyer is interested.

. CAIIiliF. PERFECTION I
MOTOR CO.

13*27 and Ave.

                  DETROIT
                  MIC It,

 i H. P.

 • complete

 r, $45 J

  r2 to 25 II. I*.
  One lo four ejrl.

DO YOU HEAR WELL?

  Thestolz. Electrophone—A \pw. Electrical,Scientific
  and Practical Invention for thoxe who are Deaf or
  Partially Deal-MAY NOW re tested in YOt r OWN HOME.

  Deaf or partially (leaf people may now make a month’s trial
  of the Stolz Electrophone at home. This personal, practical
  test serves to prove that the device satisfies, with ease, every
  requirement of a perfect hearing device. Write for particu-
  lars at once, before the offer is withdrawn, for by this
  personal test plan the final selection of the one completely
  satisfactory hearing aid is made easy and inexpensive for
  every one.

                                This new invention, the Stolz Elec-
                         trophone (U.S. Patent No. 7«5J»,575> ren-
                         ders unnecessary such clumsy, unsightly
                         and frequently harmful devices as trum-
                         pets, horns, tubes, ear drums, fans, etc.
                         — It is a tiny electric telephone that fits on
                         the ear and which, the instant it is ap-
                         plied, vuvjnijlvs the sound waves in such
                         manner as to cause an astonishing increase
                         in the clearness of all sounds. It overcomes the
                         buz/.ing and roaring ear noises and, also, so
                         constantly and electrically exercises the vital
                         parts of the ear that, usually, the natural un-
                         aided hearing itself is gradually restored.
                         What Three llusiiiess Men Say.

 The Electrophone is very satisfactory. Being umal! in
 size and great in heaving qualities makes it preferable
 to any I have tried, and I believe I have tried all
 of them. M. W. HOYT. Wholesale Grocer, Mich-
 igan Avenue and River Street, Chicago.

                             The Stoi.7. Electrophone Co., Chicazo. 111.

 Gentlemen :—I have used your Electrophone
 since July, 1008. It enables me to hear speakers
 over 50 feet away. Without it I could not hear
 their voices. It has improved my natural hearing
 at least 50 per cent, and has stopped the head noises which were so annoying. Refer to me
 at any time. Yours truly, E. P. ROGERS, Suite 908, 159 La aalle St., Chicago. III.

    I have now used your Electrophone ovc r a year, and know that it is a first-class,
 scientific hearing device. Without it people have to shout directly in my ear to make me
 hear. With it, I can hear distinctly when spoken to in an ordinary tone. Best of all.
 it has stopped my head noisbs, which were a terrible aggravation. LEWIS W. MAY.
 Cashier, 100 Washington Street, Chicago.

    Write to, or call (call if you can"i at our Chicago offices for particulars
 of our personal test offer and list of other prominent endorsers who will
 answer inquiries. Physicians cordially invited »o investigate aurists'
 opinions.

STOLZ ELECTROPHONE CO., 1866 Stewart Bid?., 7th Floor, Chicago

Rranch Offices : Philadelphia, Cincinnati, Seattle, Los Angeles, Pitts
burg. Louisville, Cleveland, Indianapolis, I)es Moines, Toronto.
Foreign Office, 82-85 Fleet Street, London, England.

 Mrs. C. LinErKA. 238 12th Ave., May-
 wood, 111., wears an Electrophone.
 Less conspicuous than eye-glasses.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

ABESOfTWIIIIl

ANDSHAPEUf

  Sold throughout the world. Depots: London,
  27, Charterhouse Sq.; Paris, 5, Rue de la Paix;
  Australia, R. Towns & Co. Sydney; India, B.
  K. Paul, Calcutta; China, Hong Kong Drug
  Co.; Japan, Maruya, Ltd., Tokio; Russia, Fer-
  rein, Moscow; So. Africa, Lennon, Ltd., Cape
  Town, etc.; U.S.A., Potter Drug & Chem.Corp.,
  Sole Props., 133 Columbus Ave.. Boston.
  Post-free, Cutlcura Book on Care of the Skin.

$8,000 to $10,000

YEARLY

Make Money Out of Others’ Fun

    Pleasing the Public Pays Big Profits, and owners of
 our famous attractions frequently make from $8,000 to
 $10,000 every year. We make everything in the Riding
 Gallery line from a hand-power Merry-Go-Round to the
 highest grade Carousselles. Bring in hundreds of dollars
 daily. It is a delightful, attractive, big paying, healthful
 business. Just the thing for the man who can’t stand
 indoor work, or is not fit for heavy work.

    Just the business for the man who has some money and
 wants to invest it to the best advantage. Our goods are
 the finest appearing, easiest running, and most attractive
 line manufactured. They are simple in construction and
 require no special knowledge to operate. If you want to
 get into a money-making business write to-day for catalogue
 and particulars.

HERSCHELL-SPILLMAN CO.

Park Amusement Outfitters
272 Sweeney Street, N. Tonawanda, If. Y., U. S. A.

Buy Daverman’s Books and Build
Cheaply and Well. $iIoost” $2400

Full Blue Print Plans $10.00

  This is one of the 200 houses shown in our big book of plans,
  “Modern homes,” with designs costing from $800 to $20,000,
  with every kind of dwelling in all forms of construction. Price of
  this great book is only 25c and 14c for postage.

         Get Our California Bungalows

  Positively the greatest bungalow book ever published at any
  price. Real California bungalows at reasonable prices. Value of
  this book $ 1, but we send it to you for only 25c and 5c for postage.

Cottages and Bungalows

   A neat little book of 68 designs of cottages and small bungalows
   from $300 to $9,000. Price 25c and 5c postage.

  “Art in Architecture,” $1 per year. A magazine for the
  home with new pians every month and useful information.

          J. H. DAVERMAN & SON, Architects
  1059 Porter Block	Grand Rapids, Mich.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

doctor

creme

trade'-''*”'' MARK1

finest]]

K FLAVOR 3

' MANUFACTURE.C)
BY THEii

SHEFFIELD
dENTIFRICE CO-

So fine that brushing the
teeth becomes a pleasure
rarely neglected. The
children use it without
urging. This fragrant anti-
septic Creme makes the
mouth fresh, sweet and
aseptically clean for hours
after each brushing. It is
an excellent protection
against decay of the tooth
structure and a scientific cleans-
ing polish for tooth enamel and
fillings. The dentifrice favored
by the profession since 1850.

       Tti«* new key Haven your fingers.
       Sold everywhere or by mail 25c.
       TriaJ tube 4c*. by mail. Address

      SHEFFIELD DENTIFRICE CO.

      SEW LONDON
      €OKN., I .S. A.

      STYLE
      NEATNESS
      COMFORT

THE IMPROVED

   OSTON
   GARTER

              WS The Name is stamped on
              every loop—Be sure it’s there

THE

CUSHION

BUTTON

CLASP

              LIES FLAT TO THE LEG—NEVER
              SLIPS,TEARS, NOR UNFASTENS

WORN ALL OVER THE WORLD

                           Sample pair, Silk 50c., Cotton 25c.
                           Mailed on receipt of price.

                 GEORGE FROST CO., Makers
                 Boston, Mass., U.S.A.

INSIST ON HAVING THE GENUINE
REFUSE ALL SUBSTITUTES 'S.

FOR FORTY YEARS A STANDARD PIANO.

                                 are made
by us and are sold
direct from our own
factory and in no other way.
Dealers’ and agents’ profits and
every unnecessary cost eliminated.
_	Every dollar is piano value through and

through, the best that 40 years of experience can produce.

AN ABSOLUTELY FREE TRIAL

for 20 days, in your own home, no cost or obligation.
ALL FREIGHTS PAID and all risks assumed by us.

Pioneers of the direct plan of piano selling, our unpar-
alleled success has brought forth many imitators, but no
competitors, either as to the excellence of our product or the
integrity and economy of our methods. Forty years of daily
increasing business and 45,000 satisfied buyers testify to this.
Ask a Wing customer what he thinks of
Wing Pianos and Wing methods. We will send
you names in your locality for the asking,
rpur “THE BOOK OF COMPLETE

r imi.il, information about pianos.”

     A copyrighted book of 152 pages with many illustrations.

    A complete reference book on the piano subject.

     History of the piano, descriptions of every part, how to
     judge good and bad materials, workmanship, etc.

     Teaches you how to buy intelligently. You need this
     book. Free for the asking from the old house of

WING & SON, 370-387 W. 13th St., New York

THIS SUIT TO
YOUR MEASURE

  Boys, how do you like my suit? See the style?
Your tailor would ask $30.00 for such a suit; I’ll make
it to your measure for $15.00. Let
me be your tailor. I positively
guarantee correct style, fit and
workmanship, at $12.50 to $25.00—
fine custom-made suits at less
than ready-made prices.

  TAILORED TO ORDER

  I cut the cloth to measure and
make it up just as you want it.
You cannot order my class of tail-
oring through any clothing store.
I am a custom-tailor, selling direct
to you, therefore save you the
middleman’s profit. My system
of home measurements is so easy
that you can’t make a mistake.
I pay expressage.

PORTFOLIO OF SAMPLES FREE

  My new portfolio contains sam-
ples of cloth in all the new weaves
and designs for Spring and Sum-
mer; also fashion plate showing
the latest New York modes for
1909. It is free for the asking.
Send for it today. For ten years
in the same location I’ve made
clothes for thousands of satisfied
customers; I’ll satisfy you or re-
fund your money.

Tailor to the Kings of America —
the well-dressed young men / Who are
you? Write me.

KING TAILORING COMPANY

      203 WEST WATER STREET
      MILWAUKEE, WISCONSIN

I’m King,

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOS V—ADVERTISING SECTION.

      Main Hall—side wall beautiful reddish tan
Alabastine with lighter tone for ceiling. Reception
Room—charming and rich olive green Alabastine
with greenish white ceiling. I*arge Living Room—
warm cinnamon brown Alabastine side wall with
colonial buff ceiling. Write us for Alabastine num-
bers that will give these effects.

A Home of Refinement

   The artistic success of a home depends upon
the colors chosen for the walls. There is no
material for tinting your walls as good as

The Sanitary Wall Coating

   The colors are permanent and do not rub off ;
   they give that artistic soft velvety effect.

COLOR SCHEMES FREE

   Send us an outline of your rooms, whether they
are apartment, dwelling, office or church, and we
will send you a correct color scheme free. Give
the trim of your woodwork—the kind of a build-
ing and the number of windows as well as the di-
mensions of the rooms. Whatever the building,
whether public or private, large or small, Alabas-
tine will give a better colored wall at a less ex-
pense for maintenance than any other material.

Alabastine is more artistic than wall paper, more
effective than paint, more permanent than kalsomine

 a

Dainty Wall Decorations”

is a richly printed and profusely illustrated book.
The illustrations are in colors 011 heavy plated paper,
beautifully bound with an embossed cover in colors
and contains new designs for decorating every room
in the home. If you are planning decorating or re-
decorating any apartment in your home, send 10
cents in silver or U. S. stamps for'this useful and beau-
tiful book. It is a complete course in wall decoration.

  FREE SAMPLES

   Send to-day for free wall and ceiling designs done
in Alabastine and for color card and name of dealer
in your town.

Alabastine is a dry powder and is to be mixed with
cold water. It conies 111 16 beautiful tints and in pure
white. Alabastine is carefully packed in sealed pack-
ages—it sells for 55 cents for any of the 16 tints, and
50 cents for a pure brilliant white.

   The best dealers sell Alabastine.

  ALABASTINE COMPANY

   824 Granville Avenue, - Grand Rapids, Mich.
   Dept. 634, 105 Water St., New York City, N. Y.

 PIANOS

 The tone, touch and magnifi-
cent wearing qualities of the vose

Piano are only explained by the
exclusive patented features and the
high-grade material and superb
workmanship that enter into their
construction. The vose is an ideal
piano for the home. Over 60,000 sold.
Delivered in the United States free of
charge. Satisfaction guaranteed.
Liberal allowance for old pianos and
time payments accepted.

 FREE —If you are interested
in pianos, let us send you our beauti-
fully illustrated catalog, that gives
full information.

vose & SONS PIANO CO.

 155 Boylston St.

BOSTON, MASS.

 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention Tiie Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 Interesting facts con-
 cerning them.

  An ostrich egg weighs three pounds
  and contains thirty times as much meat
  as a hen's egg. An ostrich chick stands
  twelve inches high, when hatched.

  An ostrich grows at the rate of one foot a
  month until six months old. A full-grown
  bird measures eight feet high and weighs
  more than 300 pounds.

  When running, the ostrich has a stride of
  22 feet. The bill of an ostrich opens four
  inches, and oranges are easily swallowed
  whole.

CATALOGUE FREE.

  Beautifully illustrated. Contains inter-
  esting history of ostrich fat'tning in Cali-
  fornia. How the feathers are grown,
  clipped and cared for, and a complete
  price list of all our latest styles of plumes,
  boas, stoles, muffs, fans, etc.

Tourists from all parts of the world make
it a point to visit the Cawston Farm.

A Cawston ostrich plume makes a delight-
ful souvenir of the Golden State.

Direct to you at producer’s prices. Free
delivery—satisfaction guaranteed.

OSTRICH FARM

P. O. Box, 97 SOUTH PASADENA, CAL,

CALIFORNIA
Ostriches

Sent on Approval. Send No Money.

WE WILL TRUST YOU TEN DAYS.

$1.50
HAIR SWITCH

 Send a lock of your hair, and we will mail a 2% oz.
 22-in. short stem fine human hair switch to match. If
 find it a big bsrgain, remit $1.50 in ten days,
 or sell 3 and fret JOIir switch free. Extra
 shades a little more. Inclose 5c postage. Free beauty
 book showing latest style of hair dressing — also

                                        high grade
                                        switches,
                                        pompa-
                                        dours,
                                        wigs, etc.

Geisha Diamonds

THE LATEST SCIENTIFIC DISCOVERY

 Bright, sparkling, beautiful. For brilliancy
 they equal the genuine, standing all test and
 puzzle experts. One twentieth the expense.
 Sent free with privilege of examination.
 For particulars, prices, etc., address

THE R. GREGG MFG. 4 IMPT. CO,

l>ept. 15, 52-58 W. Jackson lioul., - Chicago, III.

               Never before in the history of our career, has a season
               started off with such a rush.

              Of course the fact that we have done away with
              agents and are selling suits direct to you, letting you
              make the agents’ profit, is greatly responsible for the
              large increase in our business.

 Why shouldn’t there be an increase when we
 are selling the greatest $20 made-to-measure
 suit for $13.50 ? Why shouldn’t men jump to this
 great clothes opportunity in the face of getting
 such superior tailoring as we produce, for so
 little price ?

    Just remember, for $13.50 we will make
    to your measure a positive $20 suit.

 We give you the finest fabrics
 and styles to choose from. We
 guarantee the fit, finish and tail-
 oring to be perfect in every re-
 spect, and this guarantee means
 that if you are not in everyw
 pleased with the gar-
 ment when it’s com-
 plete, we insist that
 you return the clothes.

 Style Book, and
 50 Samples Free

 Send for
 Samples
 and Style
 Book
 FREE

 The finest custom tailored
 catalogue ever issued. It
 tells, in a true clear way,
 all you should know
 about the Bell Tailors,
 our clothes, our styles,
 our fabrics, and our custom-
 ers. It tells you why you
 overpay if you buy tailoring
 through
 tive or
 We prove
 clothes direct
 saving to you
 Isn’t it

 sending for our catalogue ?

BELL TAILORS,

OF iVEW YORK
I>ept K.

Cor. Walker and Center Sts.,
NEW YOItK CITY.

We Say A Crooked Spine May Be
Straightened —and We Prove It

The most successful as well as remarkable method of correcting: all spinal troubles is by the
use of the great Sheldon Spinal Appliance, endorsed by physicians all over the country. By its
use, right in your own home, you may straighten your crooked spine, correct hunch-back and
other spinal defects. It relieves pressure at the affected parts of the spine, the cartilage between
the vertebrae is made to expand, all soreness is relieved, and the spine is straightened—all with-
out pain or inconvenience. The age or sex of the sufferer makes no difference; we have corrected
Spinal Curvature in babies of two years and in grandparents of eighty and over. It matters not if the
curvature is of recent development or long standing; regardless of its cause or condition, we can relieve it.

We Let You Use the Sheldon Appliance 30 Days

and guarantee satisfaction or no pay. Every Sheldon Appliance is made to fit each particular case. It
does not chafe or irritate and it is not noticeable under the clothing. Plaster and sole leather jackets weigh
many pounds, but the Sheldon Appliance weighs only a few ounces. Read our Free Book and of the
wonderful work this appliance has accomplished in every part of the country. Send for the book
with full information and proofs, free.

PHILO BURT MFG. CO.. 255 5th Street. JAMESTOWN. N. Y.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Reason Why

“Old English” Floor Wax produces so beautifully that rich
subdued lustre which makes the floors become a pride of the home
is simply because it is exceptional in its “ quality.”

Floor waxas are made essentially from two ingredients—a hard,
expensive wax and a soft, cheap wax. It is easy to put, in too much
cheap wax. “Old English” Floor Wax is always the same—THE
YBBr BEST—no matter what the cost.

That’s why it proves to be the most attractive, most economical,
most easily applied, most satisfactory finish

For Floors, Furniture and All Interior Woodwork

It is equally suitable for the finest inlaid hardwood floors or
plain pine floors. It never flakes nor becomes stick v. nor shows
heel marks or scratches. It preserves the floor and is sanitary.
You can always rely on

©lb EnaUsb

jfloor Ma.r

“ The Wax with a Guarantee''

Perhaps you are interested to know more about how to make
floors beautiful and keep them so. Then by all means you should

Send for our New Book—Free
“ Beautiful Floors Their Finish and Care”

It gives valuable, expert advice, in plain terms on sueli subjects as
Woods Fit for Flooring	Finishing Kitchen, Pantry and

Cleaning and Polishing	Bathroom Floors

Hardwood Floors	Finishing Dancing Floors

Finishing Furniture and Inter-
ior Woodwork, etc., etc.
Removing Varnish, Shellac or
Paint-if used as directed

“Old English” Floor Wax is guaranteed to give satisfaction
when used as directed or money refunded.

       Prpp but y°u must use it as directed. 1.2,4 and
oauipic n CC	cans 50C# a j lb covers 30<

 Finishing New Floors
 Finishing Old Floors
 Stopping Cracks in Floors
 Care of Waxed Floors

300 sq. feet.

Sold by high class dealers in paints and
finishes. Mention your dealer’s name m writ-
ing for the free sample and the book, and if he
hasn’t ‘‘Old English” Floor Wax you may
order it from us—sent prepaid.

A. S. BOYLE & CO.

1922 West 8th Street, Cincinnati, Ohio

Also manufacturers of “ BRIGHTENER
which keeps floors clean and bright all the time.

I

These Are Samp es of the Diamond Bargains We Offer

90—Daisy	Pattern Ring

91—Belcher	8carf Pin	60

92—Tiffany	Bel. Ring	25

93—Fancy	Tooth Ring	42

94—Embossed	Tiffany Bel.	85

95—Diagonal	Tiffany	55

96—All	Diamond Cluster	40

97—Tiffany	Ear Screws, pair	60

98—Belcher	Stud	40

99—Tiffany	Solitaire	45

100—Heavy	Carved Bel.	75

101—Flat	Belcher_90

 Just write us which one of these beautiful, sparkling. Pure White Gems I
 you would like to see. No deposit required—we’ll send it at once. If it I
 isn’t the finest and snappiest Diamond you ever saw, send it back at our 1
 expense. If it pleases, pay one-fifth down, balance monthly to suit your I
 convenience. What a beautiful present for your loved ono, whether she (
 be sweetheart, wife, mother, sister or daughter—or wear one yourself— I
 you can afford to on our terms. Order today or write for FREE I
 CATALOGUE of DIAMONDS, WATCHES and JEWELRY. |

THE WALKER-EDMUND CO.

Importers and Manufacturers T99 State St., Chicago j

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Abgosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

KNEE DRAWER GARTERS

For SUMMER

 The finishing
 touch to the coir-
 fort of summer dress
 —the garter as light
 and cool as the goods
 in your summer suit.
 At dealers—25c—or
 we send them direct
 on receipt of price.

PIONEER

SUSPENDERS

                                ifou can prove the freshness
 if the webs by asking for a pair in
 any of the present season’s color
 styles. Their comfort is proved by
 the sale of 4,000,000 pairs last year. Satisfaction guaranteed by
 unconditional warranty—new pair or money back. Extra lengths
 for tall men. At dealers—SOc—or sent direct 011 receipt of price.

PIONEER SUSPENDER COMPANY,

Makers of Pioneer Belts. 718 Market Street, PHILADELPHIA

       The cool garter—at every movement the central ventilating mesh
 of the leg-band admits a flow of fresh air to the skin. The comfort-
 able garter—the fabric is unyielding as leather, but as agreeable in its
 firmness and freedom from binding and rubbing as the softest elastic.
 No metal part touches the leg. The convenient garter—the clasp is a
 spring hook fastened or loosened with one hand. The pendant is made
 of the finest lisle elastic, adjustable to long or short legs. The secure
 garter—the grip holds tighter and tighter as you walk, but cannot tear
 or wear the sock.

PIONEER k

I GET THIS $1200.00 NEXTMONTH!

            WHAT A BLESSING TO ALWAYS HAVE MONEY IN ABUNDANCE

Hundreds Getting Rich the “ New Way.’

 You can,

it’s easy.	_

 Said to be world’s greatest and surest money maker. One man actually made $1281.00 IN ONE MONTH,
 $51.50 IN 15 MINUTES, $800.00 IN 8 DAYS. Not a fairy tale, fake or humbug:, but absolutely true-
 sworn statement. New, wonderful discovery. Causing great enthusiasm. Readers, listen, see, read how
 this invention has made, is making thousands of dollars for others:

 Does $1200 Monthly “My sales 51281.00 one month, miS.OO another. Best thing: SWORN STATEMENT BY

 INTEREST YOU ? ‘.y.^ su)d-_Not one coi.iplai.il from 3)00 customers." m. G. STONEMAN, MONT.

     “SOLD $2212.00 IN 2 WEEKS. Notone dissatisfied user,” writes Korstad & Mercer, Minn. “My
 sales $1680.00 IN 73 DAYS,” writes C. D. Rasp, Wis. "Canvassed 60 PEOPLE-GOT 55 ORDERS.
 Sold $320.00 in 16 days,” writes W. H. Reese, Pa. ‘‘Enclosed order for $115.00 FIRST DAY’S WORK.
 Best thing I ever worked,” writes L. H. Langley, N. D. “Everybody thinks apparatus finest thing. Sold 15 one
 afternoon,**writes Miss Eva Edwards, Nev.,after ordering73. “I averaged $164.25 WEEKLY for three months,
 undoubtedly best line on market,” writes J.W. Beem, Kas. “ Finest seller I ever saw, catches
 the eye. Don’t want anything better. SELL 8 OUT OF 10 HOUSES,” writes Wm. Maroney,
 Okla. “ A man that can’t sell your outfit couldn’t sell bread in a famine, send48
 more.” writes I. B. Cash man. Minn. “ I make $100.00 DAILY,” writes J. Sevegne, N. Y.

               HUNDREDS MEN AND WOMEN TELL OF WONDERFUL SUCCESS equipping
            town and farm homes with Allen’s Portable Bath Apparatus. 50,000 already sold.
            Acknowledged best thing ever happened for humanity. Nothing like it. Gives every home a
            modern bath room for only $5.00. Think of it! Costs nothing to operate. Used wher-
            ever water in any form exists. So energizes water that 1 gallon does more than tub full old
            way. Gives cleansing, friction, massage, shower baths altogether or separately. Cleanses almost
            automatically. Makes bathing 5 minute operation. Only clean, running water touches
            body—no immersion. No tubs, buckets, bowls, wash-rags or sponges—no plumbing. Insures
            cleanliness without drudgery—prolongs life—prevents disease. Small but mighty—carried in
            grip. Endorsed by famous Battle Creek Sanitarium and other celebrated authorities.
            Most popular, easiest, quickest, surest selling household article going.

Let us give you an appointment worth $40.00 to $60.00 weekly

                       pi hr freedom from drudgerv, long hour*, wage earning, bosslsm, job hunting. We want more AGENTS,
                       SALESMEN, MANAGERS, either sex, at home or traveling, all or spare time lo fill orders, appoint, supply,
                       control sub-agents. Hustlers getting rich. EXPERIENCE UNNECESSARY. Simply supply enormous
                       demand already made—that’s all. Every customer anxious to boost your business. No easier, quicker,
                       certain way to make money. Exciting business-big profits—popular goods, guaranteed by an old
                       reliable #50,00(1.(10 house—absolutely no competition—exclusive territory—co-operation and assistance.

                         CRKD1T 4iIVKi\—8FIUD IVO IMO\KY—only your name and address on a postal card today
                     for world’s greatest agency offer, valuable booklets, credit plan, proofs of phenomenal success—ALL
                     FREE. COSI'S NOTHING TO INVESTIGATE. MEET US THAT FAR ANYHOW.

“SEE IT ENKRiilZE”

Sec. view Comb. Portable and
Bathroom Outfit.

THE ALLEN MFC. CO.,1305 ALLEN BLDC.,TOLEDO, OHIO

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

New Invention!

Nothing Else Like It

THE MOST WONDERFUL
STOVE EVER INVENTED

Consumes 395 Barrels of Air to
One Gallon Common Kerosene Oil

Causing Great Excitement
Wherever Exhibited

less,

  Fuel drawn principally from atmosphere. line* 895 barrel*
of'air while eonmiiiiins; one irnllon ofoil.Woodand coal
oostmoney. ONLY FIIEE I'l KL IK AIK. Supply unlim-
ited No trust in control. Air belongs to rich and poor alike.

Harrison’s
Valveless, Wick-
Automatic
Oi 1-Gas and Air-
Burner Stove

Automatically generates gas ( \\LEv-—■ t
from kerosene oil, mixing it c I/ ^.ENiffNER i(
w’ith air. Burns like gas.	BOWL	llil)

Intense hot lire. Combus-	err it ci ir»r I

tion perfect. To operate—	I

turn knob — oil runs into	*

burner—touch a match: it	^

generates gas, w hich passes Sectional Cut of Generator.
through air mixer, drawing

in about a barrel of air to every large spoonful of oil consumed.
That’s all. It is self-regulating, no more attention. Same beat
all day or all night. For more or less heat, simply turn knob.
There it remains until you come again. To put fire out turn
knob, raising burner—oil runs back into can, fire’s out. As near
perfection as anything in this world. No dirt, soot or ashes. No
leaks—nothing to clog or close up. No wick—not even a valve,
yet heat is under proper control. l>. I’ABN, IND., writes:
“ It costs me only 4l/2 c*ents si day for fuel.” I.. >OHKlS,
VT., writes: “ The Harrison Oil-Gas Gener-
ators are wonderful savers of fuel, at least
50 to 75 per cent, over wood and coal.’'
E. ARNOLD. NEK., writes: “Saved
81.25 a month for fuel by using the
Harrison Oil-Gas Stove. My range cost me
'**5.50 per month, and the Harrison 81.25 per
mouth. Objectionable features
of other stoves wiped out.”

NOT LIKE THOSE KOI.D
IN STORES

One, two
or three
burner
sizes—
with or
without
oven.

Ideal for cooking, roasting, baking, ironing, canning fruit, pic-
nics, cottages, camping, also for heattng houses, stores, rooms,
etc., with radiating attachment. No more carrying coal, kind-
ling. ashes, soot and dirt. No hot fiery kitchens. Absolutely
safe from explosion. Not dangerous like gasoline. Simple, dur-
able—lasts for years. Saves expense, drudgery and fuel bills.

  ALL SIZES. PRICES L0W-$3.25 and up. Sent to any
address. Send no money — only send your name and
address. Write today for our 30-day trial offer—full de=
scription—thousands of testimonials. 1909 Proposition.
Circulars FREE.

EXCITING BUSINESS FOR AGENTS

SALESMEN—MANAGERS—MEN OR WOMEN at home or traveling, all or part
time—showing—taking orders—appointing agents. MKSSRS. HEAD A FRA-
ZE {, TEXAS, write : u Enclose order for $81.00. RUSH. Sell like hot cakes.
SOLD 40 STOVES IN OUK TOWN.” B. L. HUESTED, MICH., writes : “ BEKN
OUT ONE DAY AND SOLD 11 STOVES.” This patent new. NOTHING LIKE
IT. Demand enormous. Agents reaping great harvest. Where operated
people stop on street, leave their homes, places of business, miss trains to
watch this generator—excites curiosity—watch it as though a tiling of life.
Show a dozen—sell ten. WRITE TODAY FOR SPECIAL AGENTS’ NRW
PLAN. SEND NO MONEY. World unsupplied. Get in early for territory.

THE WORLD MFG. COMPANY

 7181 World Bldg., CINCINNATI, OHIO

 ’-.lorn,' • viwf- '\wb»> ■••w'- owff	.Ttujn-.

*/ if */ /	./	f	./

 .ORil Ml CIVIL civil CiYlL	civil. CM I C[\'

 Wffi* TfrB? '■■sxs	Vl'L.	v±!	'O'T

There’s Always a Chance Ahead

for the ambitious man to obtain a technical
education without leaving home or giving up
his work.

/	THE CYCLOPEDIA OF

CIVIL ENGINEERING

       f

 is adapted for Home Study because it is compiled from
 text bookj prepared especially for the American School
 of Correspondence Courses. This set of books has more
 up-to-date, accurate money-saving information on Re-
 inforced Concrete, irrigation and Water Power Develop-
 ment than iany other similar set of books. Also contains
 complete and authoritative information on Steel Construc-
 tion, Railroad Engineering, Cost Analysis, Bridge Analysis
 and Design, Highway Construction, Sewers and Drains,
 and Sanitation, in fact it covers thoroughly every branch
 of Civil Engineering, big or little.

 Just to introduce our methods of Correspondence Study,
 we are offering these books at a special price of $24.00,
 payable $2.00 down and $2.00 a month. The regular
 price is $48.00. If the books are not what you want,
 return them at our expense. We will pay transportation
 charges both ways.

IMPORTANT SUBJECTS COVERED

      Plane Surveying—Mechanical Drawing—Plotting and Topog-
 raphy—Railroad Engineering—Static* —Strength of Materials—
 Roof Trusses and Mill Building Construction — Cost Analysis in
 Relation to Engineering—Masonry—Practical Problems in Con-
 struction—Hydraulics—House Drainage and Sanitation—River
 and Harbor Improvements.

 Order promptly and we will include FREE for one
 year as a monthly supplement, the

   TECHNICAL WORLD MAGAZINE

 a live, up-to-the minute, dollar-and-a-half monthly, crowded with
 special articles on the most recent applications of the principles
 covered in the Cyclopedia; splendidly illustrated with scores of
 special photographs.

 American School of Correspondence, Chicago, U. S. A.

FREE OFFER COUPON

 AMERICAN SCHOOL OF CORRESPONDENCE:

 Please send set Cyclopedia of Civil Fngineering' for 5 days' free exam-
 ination. Also Technical World for 1 year I will send $2 within 5 days
 and $2 a month until I have paid J24.00. otherwise I will notify you and
 hold the books subject to your order Title not to pass until fully paid.

Name.................................................................

address.............................................................

Occupation.........................................................

Employer............................................................

Argosy, ’09.

In answering anil advertisement on this yage it is desirable that you mention Tun Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  DACGET1 PAMSDELL5

 Always ask for it by name.
 SAMPLE MAILED FREE.

 Daggett & Ramsdell

 Dept. (.

 I). Sc R. Bid?., >V. I4(h St. ^
 NKH VOl’K

 GOULD

COMPLEXION
CLEAN-UP

To clean the skin, protect it against
dust, high winds and hot sun; and clear
it of grime after motoring, traveling
or any exposure, put D. & R.Perfect Cold
Cream on a hot wet cloth and wipe the face
thoroughly. This brings impurities and grime
out of the pores, refresnes, cools and heals the
irritated tissues and prevents dryness, rough-
ness, infection and premature wrinkling.

DAGGETT & RAMSDELL’S
Perfect Cold Cream

is a standard household article with a hundred uses ; a
fragrant cleansing emollient which demonstrates the
principles that “skin cleanliness is skin health” and
the basis of real beauty. Jars, 35c up ; travel-
tubes, 10c up, at the best shops in both
Americas, Europe, Egypt,

                     India and the Orient.

Thadi Mark Reg. U.S Pat Of

^ridels

'•REALLY DELIGHTFUL

Q,\)c painty
/Hint CoVered
Gandy Coated
Chewing Gum

Particularly ’Desirable
after ’Dinner

  YOUR GOOD MOTHER
KNOWS that the children’s
cravings for Sweets must be
satisfied.

 Try Chiclets

Sold in S^lO^and 25^ packets
frank 6. fleer &. Company 3ttc.
p6KAT>€tP63A,'U.SAand (Toronto,Can.

Tbe “Pull Fastener” does all that can be
accomplished by string, tape, straps or rub-
berbands—does it quicker, easier and better.
Fastened or loosened instantaneously. L,asts
twenty times longer than rubber bands.

One of the most wonderful Inventions of the century. A neces-
sity to everyone. Made in thirty-eight different styles. Send
10c. for an assortment. Money back if not satisfied.

                                   Patent No. 756,496

  ACkxts j Bright, energetic men and women
I tvA vl | i> I can make good money selling tlie
“ PULL FASTENER.” Sells on sight—good
commission, Here’s an opportunity to start
a high-grade business of your own. Experi-
ence preferable, but not essential. Write for
agency proposition to :

  PULL FASTENER COMPANY
330 Cox Building,	Rochester, N. Y.

One Package Free!

Just to prove to you how good our Shoe
Cream is for your shoes. If you once try Eagle
Brand Shoe Cream, you will always buy it.

 Eagle Brand

 Shoe Cream

Please don’t compare Eagle Brand Shoe Cream
with common shoe blacking or acid polishes.

Eagle Brand Shoe Cream is a pure oil waterproof
dressing with a delicate fragrance. There is not a
drop of turpentine in it. There is nothing else like
it for use on black, brown, red or russet shoes, and
it ^preserves their original color.

 pliat

for men’s. It doesn’t rub off and soil the hands or

  I p rotects the leather—makes it soft, smooth and
  pliable. Is as good for ladies’ and children’s use as

garments. It comes in a glass jar and is convenient
to handle.

Send us 25c and name of your shoe dealer. /
Then we’ll send you a regular 25c package, to- /
gether with certificates, good at your dealer s for / ^
another 25c package. Mention color desired. /^J»
Or send us 10c and receive a 10c package /^*
and certificates good for another 10c package. / ^
We will also send you our book— /if $

M The Care of Shoes ”	/* ^

This book was written for us by ex- / j v®
perienced men who know the peculiar /J&a® b
tendencies of leather. This is the only / ^ ^ A f?
book of its kind ever published.	/^* ^ £

AMERICAN SHOE POLISH CO. /*/>*?

216 Franklin Street, Chicago /a? CJ

 & 7 77777 7777777777777777 711J 7 7 7 7 /TV

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Abgosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

of great interest to

Every Prospective Mother.

 Something new — only scientific garment of th
 kind ever invented. Combines solid comfort and
 ease with “ fine form ” and elegant appearance
 the home, on the street, and in society. — Always drapes
 •evenly in front and back — no bulkiness — no draw-strings
 — no lacing — no ripping or basting. — Can be worn the year
 round.

    Made in several styles, and at prices lower than you can buy the
 material and have them made at home.

FRFF ^enc* ^or our ^'ne tDwtntod Book — “Fine-Form
* IvI-jCj Maternity Skirt”—It’s Free to every woman writ-
ing for it. Tells all about these skirts, their advantages, styles,
material, and cost. Gives opinions of physicians, dressmakers, and
users. 10 Days Free Trial. When you get our book, if your
dealer has not yet been supplied with Fine-Form Maternity Skirts,
make your selection of material and style, and we will make the
garment to your order. When you get it, wear it ten days, and
if you don’t find it exactly as represented, send it back and .
we will cheerfully refund every cent paid. Other Skirts-
If not in need of a maternity skirt, remember our famous 8 & W ,
dress and walking skirts will positively please you —same
guarantee — Illustrated book free. Which book shall we
'? Write to-day to

       JJeyer & Williams Co., Dept. 86, Buffalo, N, Y.

warning

    To protect yon against disappointment we caution yon that
 Fine-Form Maternity Skirt is the only “Maternity Skirt ”
 on the market, aa it |g the only skirt which can always be made to i
 drape evenly, front and back—all substitutes offered will rise in front
 during development—a fault so repulsive to every woman of refined I
 tastes. No pattern can be purchased anywhere for this garment. Its
 special features are protected by patents.

Puts a "Razor in
A-l Condition

     The secret of easy shaving lies
   in the quality of your strop.

   There’s no “knack” in having a
sharp razor if your strop is a “Torrey.”
A few Btrokes on a

TORREY

 STROP

  puts a razor in the finest
  possible trim for a
  cool and easy shave.
  Ask your dealer
  for Torrey
  Strops and
  Razors.

Torrey
Strops are
sold for 60c,
75c, $1.00,81.60,
$2.00 and *2.50.
Sent postpaid if
not at dealers.
Torrey's oil-Edge
Dressing keeps a
strop soft and pliable.
Write for free cata-
logue containing much
valuable information for
men who shave.

J.R. TORREY & CO.
DEPT. M
WORCESTER,
MASS.

 WHY DON’T YOU GET THIS PHONOGRAPH ON

FREE TRIAL?

 For almost four years I have been making the most liberal
 phonograph offer ever known I I have given hosts of people the
 opportunity of the genuine Edison Phonograph right in their own
 homes on ABSOLUTELY FREE TRIAL.

  So far yon have missed all this. Why? Possibly you don’t quite under-
  stand my offer yet. Listen—

           flTrn * I Will send you this Genuine Edison
 frf W b rCrf m Standard Outfit (the newest model)
 complete with one dozen Edison Gold Moulded Records for an
 absolutely free trial. 1 don’t ask any money down or in advance.
 Just a plain offer to ship you tliis phonograph and records on a
 free trial so that you can hear It and play it In your own home.
 I can’t make this offer any plainer, any clearer, any better than
 It is. There is no catch about It anywhere.

 Why I Want to Lend You This Phonograph I

  I know that there are thousands of people who have never heard the
  Genuine Edison Phonograph. That’s why I am making this offer I can’t
  tell you one-twentieth of the wonders of the Edison, nothing I can say or
  write will make you hear the grand, full beauty of its tones. The only
  way to make you actually realize these things for yourself is to
  lend you a Genuine Edison Phonograph free and let you try it.

 IF YOU WANT TO KEEP IT—yon may do so, bat it 1. NOT

  compulsory. If you do wish to keep it, either remit us the price in full,
  or if you prefer, we will allow you to pay for it on the easiest kinds of
  payments.

 OUR EASY PAYMENT PLAN I have decided on an easy

  payment plan that gives you absolute use of the phonograph while paying
  for it. $2.00 a month pays for an outfit. There is absolutely no lease or
  mortgage of any kind.

GET THE LATEST EDISON
CATALOGS jr8ifw.n’8ce°„dL

  you our superbly illustrated Edison Catalog, and
  the latest list of Edison Gold Moulded Records
  (over 1500). No obligations, just get the cat-
  alogs. A postal card will do, but you must
  send me your name and address i* ’
  away. Don’t Delay!

F. K. BABSON,

 Edison Phonograph
 Distributors

 r

 Edison Block,

  Dept. 1C75.

  CHICAGO,

  ILL.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
12H.P Detroit Engine $2950

  * Docs Your Granite Dish
  or Hot Water Bag Leak ?

    THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING

                       3-5-7-10-12-14 and 40 H. P. at proportionate prices.

              Starts without cranking; no cams, valves, springs or sprockets. Onlj
              three moving parts. Uses alcohol, gasoline, naphtha, distillate, kerosene,
              coal oil, etc. All bearings babbitted. Cylinders and pistons ground.

                   Crank shaft forged steel. For your Row Boat. Sail Boat. Launch. 10,000 in use. All sizes ready t<
                   ship. Send for testimonials and free catalog.

                 DETROIT ENGINE WORKS, 1200 Jefferson Ave., Detroit, Mich.

EXCEPTIONAL BUSINESS

OPPORTUNITY
► Only $75.00

 ^ cash required.
 Start a business

 ■	of your own. No

 ■	e x p e r i e 11 c e
      required.

Fireless Cooker

              ’You’!1 Be Surprised at the
              Low Direct Price I’ll Make You

 Satisfaction guaranteed by full 30 (lay’s trial or no charge—Pays for
 self fastest—Cooks fastest—No experience necessary—Saves 80 per cent
 a—. on fuel, time and work—
 V Non-rusting metal lined—
 H Perfect insulation — Steam

                            ■ can't escape—Boils, Steams,
                            i Stews—Roasts, Bakes, Fries
                            >|f \ —Sent promptly on

                                  30 FULL DAYS’
                     FREE TRIAL
                     3*	CompleteWlth Konst-

                                  *ni'' Attachment. Alsu
                     GENUINE ALUMINUM
                     m m COOKING UTENSILS
                     FREE

                              f8end name today for over
                     125 splendid Recipe Book
                     and Catalog Free.and low
                     ™	direct-to-v ou factoryprlces.

WM. CAMPBELL CO.

         ^	I>ept. 10	)

21st St.. Detroit, Mich.

 $5.00 to $15.00 Per Day

 easily made printing j
 business and calling I
 cards, etc. Drug and ■
 department stores,

 8 hop windows, JF
 parks and fairs
 offer good loca-
 tions.

  ' «-* •
  FmELcas caonm

  SOir on mt

  TO PLf ASE-VVRfTR FOtl I.OV#.
  rACTORVW

 Steams

 Stews

 Roasts

  The original Automatic Card Printing Press. Size 12 x 21 x 24 inches.
  Prints 120 cards a minute. $75.00 cash and $25.00 per mouth for 8 months,
  buya the greatest modern money maker, including automatic self-feeding
  and inking card press, 14 fonts standard type, ten drawer type cabinet,
  10,000 blank cards and full assortment of tools, etc. FREE—Our new cata-
  log. Tells what others have done.

AUTOMATIC PRINTING PRESS CO.,

 Originators and Manufacturers.	109 Dearborn Street, Chicago.

BOOK FREE

MEDAL OF HIGHEST AWARD

                          JAMESTOWN EXPOSITION

/	Add TONE to Your Stationery in

.	ihe OFFICE, BANK, SCHOOL

j£E&\-> eikSk-7	or HOME by using only the

,$rv / Jm\	IVashburne Patent Adjustable

I	Y” paper

gpU	V.a FASTENERS

                                 ' There is genuine pleasure in
              their use as weil as Perfect Se-
              fa-	curity. Easily put on or taken

                                 off with the thumb and finger.
Can be used repeatedly and “thejj always work- ” Made of
brass, 3 sizes. Put up in brass boxes ol 100 Fasteners each.
Handsome. Compact. Strong. No Slipping, NEVER! /tiBjk
All Stationers. Send 10c for sample box of 50, assorted. / IftaA
Illustrated booklet free. Liberal discount to the trade.

The 0. K. Mfg. Co.	Syracuse, N. Y. N?iBi

WMSISL
^|

DEAFNESS

The Morley’Phone

 /V. IL	j* A miniature Telephone \j\ S/

 y	jfW for the Ear — Invisible, V\

 V \	/« easily adjusted, and en-

 V \ ^ (W tlrely comfortable. Makes
 low sounds and whispers
 \\	plainly heard. Over fifty \fliB

%Y	thousand sold, giving instant relief

from deafness and head noises.

                        There are but few cases of deafness
                        that cannot be benefited.

   Write for booklet and testimonials.

THE MORLEY COMPANY. Dept. 10

  Perry Bldg., 16th and Chestnut Sts., Philadelphia

   For BIG and QUICK PROFITS or for YOUR OWN USE

^ Ten years’ experience enables me to give
'Ma practical instructions that will add $5 to
^ $G0 per week to your Income without in-
terfering with regular occupation. For full
particulars and free book, address
JACKSON MUSHROOM FARM
3150 IV. Western Ave.. Chicago, III.

We Ship on Approval

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

“I MADE $12

Selling This 7-Piece Kitchen Set'

        From sworn statevunt of H. S. CUMNINGHAM.

PER

DAY

ENTS

                     are coming
 m o n e y—
 selling from 50 to 500 sets per
 week. You can do it. Send
 your address today and let us
 PROVE IT. Experience un-
 necessary. We show you how to
 make $3 to $10 a day. OUT-
 FIT FREE to workers.

THOMAS MFG. CO.

484 Home Bldg., Dayton. Ohio.

We Trust You
10 Days

*1.25

Each

Com! ma mnnsv write to-day for thU handsome 14-inch, beautifully
aenu nu muney, curieat c*refuily selected Ostrich Feather, any
color. If you And it a big bargain remit 91-85 each, or sell S feathers and
get your own free. Enclose 6c. postage. Write for catalogue.

ANNA AYERB. Dept. «8, 31 Quincy St.. CHICAGO__

           Arizona Ruby CDCC

              To Introduce Our lIlLk
              Genuine Imported	■

          Mexican Diamonds

  "We will send you FREE a Cenuine Arizona Ruby in the rough, with Illustrated Catalogue
  of GENUINE MEXICAN DIAMONDS and other Gems. Mexican Diamonds exactly re-
  semble finest genuine blue-white diamonds, stand acid tests, are cut by experts, and yet
  we sell at l-40th the -cost. Only gem of its kind Guaranteed Permanently Brilliant.
  ..... m | nrCTD For 50c deposit as guarantee of good faith, we send on ap-
  SrtvlAL Ur a tn. proval, registered, either ^ or 1 carat Mexican Diamond at
  special price. Money back if desired. Agents Wanted. Write today. Catalogue FREE.

 Mexican Diamond Imp. Co., Dept. EP5. Las Cruces, N.M.

Credit and Big Commissions
TO AGENTS

                Agents can make from $5.00 to $10.00 per
                day introducing our Embroidered Pat-
                terns and Fancy Goods. Large commis-
                sions paid. Send for our samples and
                catalogue. No money necessary, as we
                extend liberal credit.

                     THE SCHWARTZ IMPORTING CO.,

              1404 Washington Ave.	St. Louis, Mo.

Print Your Own

                Cards, circulars, book,

                       newspaper. Press $5. I*arger size
                       $18. Saves you money. Also big
                       profits printing for others. Type
                       setting easy, printed instructions
                       sent. Write factory for catalogue
                       of presses, type, paper, cards, etc.

                     THE PRESS CO., Meriden, Conn.

  >|jUMA WEEK SURE,

in rooki

 IN

oNE

  Farmers “Ever-Rcidy”

        Too I Kit does it.

 Agents going wild
 over results. M.Sny-
 der made $46 in 2 hrs.

  Joseph Pine took 65
  orders in two days. M. D. Finch sold 42 in 9 hrs. Had no
  experience. Youcandoit. To show it means a sale. FREE
  JlAMPLE to workers. Foote Mfg. Co., Dept. 861 Dayton,0.

Rowboat®20-

  20 different Designs

     Can ship immediately in any quantity. Need I
  No Boathouse. Never Leak, Rust, Check, Crack I
  or Rot. Every boat has water tight compart- [
  ment, so cannot sink. Write for FREE Illus-1
  trated Catalog and Special Prices.

  MICHIGAN STEEL BOAT CO.,110 Bellevue Aye.,Detroit, Jlieh.

 Operating

 the

Circling-Wave Amusement Device

 Small capital required. A healthy and profitable busi-
 ness for one not able for hard labor. A great machine to
 travel with from town to town. Is operated by gasoline en-
 gine. Music by high-class organ. Machine will pay for itself
 in a few days’ operation. Write for Catalogue and Prices.
 ARMIT AGE & GUINN, Springville, Erie Co., N. Y., U.S.A.

Patented August, 1907.

Send for our free Boat Book

  Do not think of buying a launch until you

  see our Four Launch
  Bargains

                             Only $121 for

                                    this complete 16
   foot launch. 2y2
   H. P. guaranteed, self-starting engine.

   $144 for mile per hour '* Speedaway.’’ $153 for
   canopy topped “Winner.” $160 for Auto-topped 3 H. P.
   “Comfort.’1 All 16 feet in length. Engine result of 80
   years’ experience. Weedless wheel and rudder. Shipped
   immediately on approval. Send postal for our handsome
   catalogue today—it’s a gem.

   C. T. WRIGHT ENGINE CO., 1

         105 Washington St.,

         Greenville, Mich.

START YOUR CAS ENGINE WITH THE

MOTSINGER AUT0-SPARKER

and run it without the aid of batteries. Not

 4 a cheap magneto but the original high grade
 speed controlled friction driven dynamo.
 1 Perfectly Insulated, “water and dust-
 s proof." Fully Guaranteed. Operates
 J the "make &break”and "jump spark.”
 y) Charges all storage batteries for igni-
 t tion and lighting on a small scale, per-
 fectly with our special switch board In
 the circuit. Ten years actual service with
 over 36,000 Auto-sparkers in operation to
 I testify to its martt. MOTSINGER DEVICE MFG. CO.

 B	129 Main St.. PENDLETON. INDIANA, U S A

“I MADE $88.16

  firftt 3 ila.j'R,” writes Mr. Reed of Ohio. Mr. Woodwai J earns
            SHTO a 111011 tli. AOENTS all making money. Mr.
            M. L. Smith turned out $301.00 in two weeks,. Rev.
            Crawford made $7.00 first day.

       LET US START YOU

                    in Gold, Silver, Nickel and Metal plating.
                    Prof. Gray’s new electro plating machine
                    plates on watches, jewelry, table ware and all
                    metal goods. Prof. Gray’s new
                    Royal immersion process, latest
                    method. Goods come out instantly
                    with fine brilliant, beautiful
                    thick plate ready to deliver
                    —no polishing or grinding.
                    Every family, hotel and res-
                    taurant wants goods plated.

                          AGENTS HAVE ALL
                          THEY CAN DO—

 people bring it. You can hire boys to do the plating as we do.
 Men and women gather work for small percent. Work is fine—
 no way to do it better. No experience required—we teach
 you. Outfits ready for work when received. Materials cost
 about 10 cents to do $1.00 worth of plating. (Demand for
 Plating is enormous. WE ARE RESPONSIBLE and
 guarantee everything.

    Call or write today. Our new plan, testimonials, circulars and
  SAnPIiE FREE. Don’t wait. Send us your address anyway.
  GRAY & CO. PLATING WOBKS, 1IB0 Gray Building-, Cincinnati, Ohio.

 In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

A WOMAN’S OPPORTUNITY

I NEED YOU
WILL YOU LET ME TELL YOU HOW TO
EARN $20 TO $30 PER WEEK.

YOU CAN OBTAIN THIS SALARY THROUGH
MY INSTRUCTIONS AND

Sempre Giovine

   (Sem-pray Jo-ve-nay, meaning “ Always Young ”)
“Queen of Beautifiers” which is used by scores of society
leaders and America’s most beautiful and attractive women.
Endorsed by Eminent Health Authorities and guar-
anteed under the_ Pure Food and Drug Act of June 30,1906.
The number assigned to it under this law is No. 1853.
li you will investigate my proposition, lam per-
fectly willing to allow your intelligence to give the
decision. It is an honorable, congenial occupation, which
has been accepted by thousands of women.

Write me to-day for full particulars and learn how to obtain
a beautiful complexion. Enclose 10 cents in U. S. postage
to cover cost of mailing with coupon and you will receive a
briquette of Sempre Giovine.

   Address me personally,

Mrs. J. C. Carr, Pres. MARIETTA STANLEY CO.
503 Fourth St., Grand Rapids, Mich.

I am interested. Enclosed find 10c. Send me a briquette
of "Sempre Giovine” and particulars.

MEN’Sand WOMEN’S'
Fine Clothing on Easiest
Terms of Payment

In my two big Chicago stores I
have an immense line of the latest
style creations in men’s and
women’s high grade Spring and Summer ^
Clothing. You may select from this mam- ^
moth stock anything you desire in wearing
apparel. I’ll give you the lowest spot-cash
price and let you

Me As You Are Able

Send at once for my beautiful

Art Catalog of Spring and
Summer Styles

You can easily find just what
you want illustrated and de-
scribed in it. It explains my
whole plan of selling and pay-
ments. With the catalog will
come samples of fabrics, meas-
urement blanks, etc.

We Guarantee Satisfaction

and you accept and pay for no
clothing unless perfectly suited.
Send for Catalog Today.

BERNHARD’S Mw

Jos. Bernhard, Pres., 136 Clark St., Chicago.

Flash Like Genuine

  Day or night. You can own a diamond equal
  in brilliancy to any genuine Stone at one-
  thirtieth the cost.

BARODA DIAMONDS

Ii\ soi,in <;old RUGS

  stand acid test and expert examination. We
  guarantee them. See them first, then pay.
  Catalogue Free. Patent Ring Measure included
  for FIVE two-cent stamps.

THK BARODA CO.

  Dept. 32, 230 North State Street, Chicago.

SQUAB 1909 BOOK FREE

Write for our handsome 1 900 Free
Rook, telling how to make money
breeding squabs. The greatest
success of the tiOth Century
in feathers. We were first, the
originators. Cloth-bound book now
303 pages, 114 illus. It’s groat.
PLYMOUTH ROCK SQUAB CO. ,4tl Howard St.. Melrose,Mass.

                   foot steel launch

                              With 2H.P. Engine Complete

                                              18-21-25 foot launches at proportionate prices. All launches fitted withl
                                              ,tWO cycle reversing engines with speed controlling lever; simplest engine made; starts
                                              ■without cranking, has only 3 moving parts. Steel rowboats, $20.00. All boats fitted
                                              ■with water-tight compartments; cannot sink, need no boat house. We are the largest
                                              ; manufacturers of pleasure boats in the world. Orders filled the day they are received.
                                              ’We sell direct to user, cutting out all middle-men’s profits. Free Catalogue.

                                                .	Michigan Steel Boat Co., 1200 Jefferson A»e.. Detroit. Mich.

WRITE WITH
COMFORT

TOIAICD^C Cl ACTIP DEIilini HFR accommodates itself to your hand. Bends to ease pressure of the muscles ;
I U WCIl O LLAOlIu rennULUtn and prevents writers’arid book-keepers’cramp. Eliminates perspiration ;
makes the day’s work easy and pleasant. Price 25c, five for 81.00. If your stationer cannot supply you, send us his
address and we will give you a sample free. Enclose seven two-cent stamps for postage and packing.

      CVTTER-TOWER COMPANY, 184 Summer Street, Boston, Mass. Dept. AA.

Stationer'8 Name................................................

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

STARTLING

     Watch
       Offer

 The cap is the thing.

 Do you realize the difference in
 caps? A man looks fine in a fine cap
 and he looks cheap in a cheap one.

  The finest cap in this country is the HEID-
  CAP. It is made of exclusive English cap
  cloths and Harris Island Homespuns. It has
  the lines and the “ kick,” and it makes you look
  a thoroughbred.

  It is sold by the best hatters and haberdashers in the
  leading cities. Send for the Cap Book. It shows the
  cap styles followed by the best dressers.

 The HEIDCAP—$1.00, $1.50, $2.50

Send for book to Department “A”

FRANK P. HEID & COMPANY, PHILADELPHIA

VENTRILOQUISM

 Taught Any Man or Boy

  by Mail at Home. This is no special gift as
  you have supposed, but an art. I have
  taught thousands in all parts of the world.

 Cost small. Send today 2-cent stamp for
 particulars and proofs.

  O. A. SMITH. Room 1061 -2040 Knoxville Av„ PEORIA, ILL.

SAFETY RAZORS

GIVEN AWAY.

  To quickly introduce the celebrated Ideal Shaving and
  Complexion Soap, which beautifies, removes pimples,
  blotches and all facial eruptions, leaving skin soft and clear
  and to prove what we claim is true, we will send a box of
  soap together with the latest new Improved Safety
  Razor outfit in a fine handsome case, all complete for
  shaving, to any one answering this advertisement at
  once and enclosing lO Cts. silver or stamps to help
  pay boxing, packing, mailing, etc. Address, The Am.
  Soap Works, Dept. A. R., 95 Chambers St., N. Y. City.

Fish Will Bite

           like hungry wolves any season if you
 use MAGIC-FISH-LURE. Best bait
 ever discovered for attracting all kinds of fish.
 If you like to pull out the finny beauties right
 and left, and catch a big string every time you
 go fishing don't fail to try this wonderful bait.
 Enough for a whole seasons good fishing sent
 by mail for 25cts. Perfect satisfaction or money
 refunded. Interesting booklet and price list of
 fishermen’s specialties free. Write for them
 J. F. GREGORY, Desk 2, St. Louis, Mo

 WATER SUPPLY FOR 9 COUNTRY HOUSES.

      THE PROBLEM

 No elevated tank to freeze
 or leak. Tank located in cel-
 lar. Any pressure up to 60
 lbs. The ideal fire protec-
 tion. Send for Illustrated
 Catalogue "46.”

 Let our Engineers figure out
 your needs.

   LVNT-MOSS COMPANY.

 43 South !*I;irk«-t Street. BOSTON.

 SOLVED.

                   The Great
                Burlington
                Special at a

No-Trust Price!

                 The world’s masterpiece of watch
 manufacture now sold direct!—
 The most amazing offer ever made in the whole history
 of the watch industry — an offer which has absolutely
 PARALYZED competition — the offer of the genuine
 Burlington Special direct to the public at the rock-bottom
 NO-TRUST PRICE, without, middlemen’s profits.

The Fight is On!

  We will not be bound by any system of price-boosting con-
  tracts with dealers. We will not submit to any " high-proflt ”
  selling scheme. We will not be dictated to by ANY Trust.

 NO MATTER WHAT IT COSTS, we are determined to
 push our independent line even if we should have to fight
 a combination of all the Watch Manufacturers of the
 country I

 And so we are making this offer—the most sweeping,
 astounding offer ever made on a high-grade watch. The
 famous BURLINGTON direct and at the same price
 WHOLESALE Jewelers must pay.

  And in order to make the proposition doubly easy for the
  public we will even allow this rock-bottom price, if desired,
  on terms Cn	Don’t miss this wonder-

     of JpZ.OU a Month, fully liberal oifer. Sign
 and mail coupon now. Rock-bottom, oo-trust price, whether
 you buy for cash or time.

POST YOURSELF! ^

  Be sure to get posted on watches and watch values, tiust-	41

  method prices and no-trnst prices before you buy a
  watch. Learn to judge watch values !	A

  Get the Burlington	^ &

  Watch Company’s	f ^ &

FREE WATCH BOOK

         ♦vvvv

  Read our startling exposure of the amazing
  conditions which exist in tne watch trade
  today. Read about the anti-trust fight.

  Read about our great $1,000.00 Chal-
  lenge. Learn how you can Judge
  watch values. Send your name . -w
  and address for this valuable	x.

 ■ hi:i: book how-to- .▼ ▼

  DAY. Sign and mail coupon,

 Ki llLIINGTON ▲	■" '■ "

 WATCH CO.

  Dept. 107&

 Millard Stn. ^	a"

 0

 ♦ > <i *
 ♦VV;4t

S'fM
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

IVffJOHNSpU

 a~UST THE TRU

     The Iver Johnson
     is proof against the strain of racing
     or coasting or the jars of rough roads, because of the
     Truss Bridge which holds the frame absolutely rigid, preventing
     sagging and spreading, “give” and “play.” Thus the Iver Johnson is
     wonderfully easy running and far stronger and longer-lived than other bicycles.

                               Write for Catalogue

                                                        giving full description of all models with
                                                        prices and options; also the name
                                                        of your dealer.

                                                                           Iver Johnson’s Arms & Cycle Works
                                                                           140 River St., Fitchburg, Mass.

TRUSS BRIDGE

                                                                                Manufacturers of Iver
                                                                                Johnson Revolvers
                                                                                {"Hammer the
                                                                                Hammer”) and
                                                                                Single Barrel
                                                                                Shotguns.

                                                                    Truat

the

Trus6

Roxford Knitting Company, Dept. C, Philadelphia

Stretch—be comfortable

There is a little book on

Roxford Underwear

 For Men and Boys. It tells about this great improvement in
 masculine undergarments. Send for it before you purchase
 your Spring underwear. It is well worth writing for.

Any style, any weight, for any climate.
SOc., 75c., $1.00. Send your name
for the Book and please yourself.

—in a ROXFORD Shirt

Now you can get the new style short sleeve,
knee length, coat-shirt underwear in good long-

 wearing balbriggan—that satisfactory knitted material that follows
 every movement of arm and shoulder and muscle. Your size will
 fit you; ample and easy in crotch and seat. Non-shrinking.
 Absorbs perspiration ; prevents chilling.

Long sleeve shirts
Short sleeve shirts
Sleeveless shirts (no buttons)
Bachelor shirts (no buttons)

Coat shirts (short or long sleeves)

 Ribbed and flat union suits
 Ankle length drawers
 Knee length drawers
 Short stout drawers
 Long slim drawers

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Represent established superoritv whether fish-
ing from a canoe, or the bank, wading or standing
in a boat. "BRISTOL” Rods are strong—stand
the strain. Can be used by greenhorns, amateurs
and professionals, and are the favorites wilh all.
No other rods of any kind are so convenient,
reliable or satisfactory. "BRISTOL” Rods are
beautiful to look at, beautiful to use — light,
snappy, flexible—not too stiff, not too limber.
Look for the three year guarantee tag tied to every
genuine. The name " BRISTOL ” is 011 the reel
seat. Sold everywhere. Write us if your dealer
does not handle “BRISTOL” Rods.

FISH HOOK DISGORGER (saves fingers, hook
and fish), mailed free with catalogue.

 The Horton Mfg. Co.

45 Horton	BRISTOL,

Street, Mr CONN

SECTIONAL

You CAN’T Be Fooled

 "Come-packt” Sectional Furniture comes "in the white”
 and the finished sections are ready to put together. You see
 just what you get—and you get QUARTER-sawed WHITE
 Oak every time. No chance to disguise defects or substi-
 tute cheap woods. A few minutes only
 needed to fasten the sections and applv
 whatever stain you select — we include it
 free. It’s a pleasure and a satisfaction
 KNOW you have the best obtainable.

$1050

With Cushions.

And You Save OVER HALF

 We manufacture and ship direct to you at lower prices
 than dealers pay. Why pay middlemen’s profits, store
 1 ents, clerks wages, etc., as well as high freights and costly
 packing—two more items that add to the PRICE, not the
 VALUE of store furniture. Trv our way ONCE—that’s
 the proof. "Your money back if you say so.”

  WRITi: TODAY for free catalogue of l'no illustrations of handsome
  Library, Dining-room, Bedroom and Porch furniture.

‘■// comes in SECTIONS, not in pieces."
International Mfg. Co., 534 Edwin St., Ann Arbor, Mich.

DISCOUNTS!

Highest Grade

DIAMONDS

  at Special

DISCOUNTS.

       ■ KND today for the complete Mar-
 shall catalog and price list, to-
 gether with the Special Discount Sheet.
 You may have heard of the high quality
 of the Geo. E. Marshall goods, but you
 will surely be surprised at our special dis-
 counts on even the finest, pure white
 diamonds. Discounts also on cut glass,
 silver and jewelry.

Marshall’s

“F” Grade-

 "F” irst and finest grade—
 diamonds of the rarest beauty
 —are shipped prepaid, 011
 approval; no money down.

    Marshall’s “F” grade dia-
  monds are gems of perfect
  cut and color and of dazzling
  brilliancy. They are the dia-
  monds that show their qual-
  ity. Their appearance in
  itself is proof of their grade.

  A signed guarantee of quality
  accompanies every Marshall
  diamond.

     Not one Jeweler in ten carries in
  stock a diamond equal lo the Marshall
  :<F” irst grade, and the jeweler’s so-
  called first grade is generally about
  equal to Marshall's second or even
  third grade.

     HERE are shown three stones of rare beauty, all “P” grade Tiffany
  —prices $76, $46 and $28. We allow terms of $7.60, $4.60 or $2.80
  month respectively. Or for all cash, 8 percent off. Remember, please:
  —Any diamond shipped prepaid on approval —not one cent in advance,
  nothing to pay unless completely satisfied after lull examination.

Catalog °n Rcqucst

 Price List & Special I
 Discount Sheet

 Now be sure to get this
 catalog and discount sheet
 and our approval-shipment
 offer BEFORE you buy a
 diamond or jewelry.

 Write today.

 Geo. E. Marshall,

  Send name A
  address on
  coupon—

  1 that U
  all!

(INC.)

AT. S- Hyde. Jr.. Pre«.

CHICAGO,

ILL.

 A. S. True, Sec’y.
 Suite 1125,

 108 Stale Si.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

                                     .mil ■ r|>-

Ik	mat-

"	tress. VVe have been making *

■ Q-y mattresses tor over 50 vears and the
result of our experience is given in our
handsome i4+-page book, “The Test of Time”
mailed free. Send for it and learn all about the

                    of an Osfermoor dealer or by express,
                    prepaid, when no dealer can supply

■jrtrawaineaiir^

ULA -J.t? ilksJUB’i

   ■ .a^!__

Compressing the Ostermoor
Bheets by	...

hand. ».	- N

It is easy for you to get the genuine.

We ship you a full size mattress, 4 ft. 6 in. wide,
6 ft. 3 in. long, weight 45 lbs., direct by express pre-
paid, same day your check for $15 is received by us.

Made in two parts, 50 cents extra. Smaller sizes, smaller
prices. Beware of imitations. The Ostermoor label is
sewn on end of the genuine. See that it is there.
OSTKR^IOOR ii€0.,l lO KllzabetliSt.,!VewYork
Canada: Alaska Feather and Down Co., Ltd., Montreal

               RtCiS'eRED
               U S PAT Off

Send for Free Samples and
Our Great Clothing Offer

 Write at once for these samples and see how far superior they are
   at lowest cash price to the clothes you can buy anywhere else.

   Write for our no money down offer—how we will ship a suit or
   overcoat nothing down—not C. O. D. to us either. You take the
   garment to your home, try it on then and there; if satisfactory
   send us our rock-bottom price. And if you don’t want to send
   all cash at once you can send a few dollars now, balance during
   next month or two—we give you time to pay just as the
   local tailor gives time to the business men in town. So get your
   suit now; not necessary to wait until it is convenient to send all
   the cash.

 Address BABSON BROS., 19th and California Ave., Dept. 1075 Chicago, III.

 We ship direct, and the money you can save on your clothing will
 surprise you; you can dress twice as well as now and still save
 money; our free suit samples will—surely—convince you.

 If you want to save money on your clothing, if you want to wear
 as fine a suit or overcoat as anybody in your town wears, if you
 want your clothing direct at lowest prices and pay while wearing
 them—then write today for our free clothing samples.

  Write like this: “Gentlemen: Send me your free clothing samples.”

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

A BUSINESS OPENING FOR YOU

In Connection With the Greatest Popular Success of Recent Years

COUNTY REPRESENTATIVES WANTED FOR

THE IDEAL VACUUM CLEANER

<<

IT EATS UP THE DIRT.”

    In every Comity of every State of this Union, we are going to have a
first-class representative for the IDEAL VACUUM CLEANER. There
is a chance for you to get your County, if you act promptly.

     Each County Representative must have headquarters at his County Seat or most
important centre, and fro 11 there, with horse and wagon, he must cover liis territory from
end to end, and demonstrate his machine with energy and enterprise.

     There is absolutely 110 limit on what an active, intelligent man can earn. The
popular success of the IDEAL VACUUM CLEANER has created a new record in manu-
facturing. The first year’s demand forced us to enlarge our factory in Newark, N. J., three
times. It now covers 68 000 square feet and has a capacity of 1,000 machines a day.

Wherever the IDEAL VACUUM CLEANER is demonstrated, people want it.
Wherever it is actually worked, the news of its wonders is spread far and near.

  The IDEAL VACUUM CLEANER lias made
thoroughly practical for all, the only absolutely
dustless, thoroughly efficient and strictly sanitary
system of cleaning that the world lias ever known.
It is a neat, strong, compact, portable machine
weighing 20 pounds, that contains right within
itself all the parts of the most efficient Vacuum
Cleaning system. Sold at $25, it does the work of
power plants costing a thousand dollars and up-
wards, and does it better and with more convenience.

  X11 the great majority of cases, the IDEAL
VACUUM CLEANER is operated by hand, but it
also comes with a little motor that does the same
work. Is readily attached to any electric light
fixture. No skill of any kind is needed to operate
it. The saving it effects ill time, labor, strength,
health and actual money is tremendous. The
poorer you are, the greater is your need of it. Send
us $25 for a fully equipped machine, and you will
promptly be convinced. Write for our booklet.

    The IDEAL VACUUM CLEANER is the greatest event in the history of household economy
since the sewing machine. Within a few years it, like the sewing machine, will enter every
home. Its use in the business world is equally as wide. It appeals to each and every class.

    This is the time of the fattest harvest for the men who sell this machine. They are tele-
graphing in their orders instead of waiting for the mail. We prefer men who have had experi-
ence in selling sewing machines and other first-class propositions. The first who write, however,
are the likeliest to get the territory they want, providing they have the proper references.

    Our terms are liberal. We stick by you as long as you stick by us. Today is the day to
apply for your territory. If you have got any juice in your veins, act now.

THE AMERICAN VACUUM CLEANER COMPANY, 225 & 227 Fifth Ave., New York City

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

®?II

Regal Shoes are now made
on the new REGAL/ORM Last

                        And as a result of this Regal invention and patent,
which is owned exclusively by us, they are the only
ready-to-wear shoes in which you can obtain perfect
custom fit. The REGAL/ORMi Last is made in two
sections, which are withdrawn, one after the other, from
the finished Regal Shoe—first part A, then

All
other
ready-to-wear
shoes are built on
old-style, solid wooden
lasts, and must therefore be
made large at the “waist,” to allow
the broadest part of the last to be with-
drawn. This explains their tendency to wrinkle
over the instep and under the arch, and to let the
foot slide forward and crowd against the toe of the shoe.
Remember that only in Regal Shoes can you get the small,
snug, custom instep, made possible by the REGAL/ORM Last—

The Latest Regal Triumph

200,000

PENNIES INTO SLOT
MACHINES EACH DAY

    As the result of some recent legal proceedings It was brought out that 200,000 pennies
each day are dropped into the slot machines of the Subway and Elevated Railway Stations
in New York City.

   YOU CAN REAP A HARVEST OF PENNIES IN YOUR SPARE TIME

    By investing a small amount of money in STANDARD PEANUT VENDING MACHINES
from 50# to 300!. profit can be made without interfering with your present occupation.
OPERATORS EVERYWHERE ARE MAKING AMAZING PROFITS. One man in a lead-
ing University is paying his way through college on the profits from fourteen of these
machines. Another operator is making from $50 to $75 a week from 100 machines. Write
us for other instances of success with these machines.

   THE STANDARD PEANUT VENDING MACHINES are the most perfect vending
machines on the market. They cannot get out of order and will not rust out.

If you are interested at all, drop us a postal, and we will convince you that there is big
money to be made operating our machines, and that we can quote you the lowest prices.

STANDARD MANUFACTURING CO., 410-412 West 10th Street, INDIANAPOLIS, IND.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Abgosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 yS)gn of
 .Ye REGAL

Smacrt R.egal Styles for Spring

   The 252 Regal models for Spring are duplicates of the new
Spring styles produced by the most famous and highest
priced London and New York custom bootmakers. In
every line and curve these Regal Spring models
possess distinctive custom smartness.

   The new Regal Oxfords are built
special Oxford lasts. They
do not chafe the heel or gape
at,the ankle, but fit
smoothly and evenly
at every point.

Regal
Quarter-Sizes

The advantages of Regal quarter-
sizes are now every where recognized.
They afford double the usual number of fit-
tings and insure an exact fit for every foot.
Regal Shoes are sold directly from the Regal facto
ries to you, with all intermediate profits eliminated.

$4°° *500

Also the greatest $3.50 shoe values in the world.

    SPRING AND SUMMER STYLE BOOK-IUustrates the
correct models for both men and women. It’s an acknowledged
authority on styles. Magazine size. Handsome cover in colors.
Free on request.	_

      If you don’t live near one of the 624 Regal Stores and agen-
cies, order from the Regal Mail Order Department. If the shoes
are not exactly as ordered, we will cheerfully exchange them, or
refund your money, if desired.

REGAL SHOE COMPANY

Mail Order Dept., 599 SUMMER STREET, BOSTON, MASS.

 Mail Order Sub-Stationa: Factory, Whitman, Mass., Box 905. San Francisco, Cal
 Phelan Building. London, Eng., H7 Cheapside, cor. Lawrence Lane, E. C.

 Olmstead, $3.50

  Delivered Prepaid, $3.75
  Style C 7259—[As il.us-
  trated\. Oxford, Blucher-
  cut. Made of Black
  King Calf.

  Style C 8688-
  Same, except
  made of

 Russet ^jgjg

  >

 Price $4 MM

CRYSTAL

SUGAR

$ 5Lb Sealed Boxes Onjy! • Best Sugar for Tes ant/Co/feef • By Grocers Everywhere! &

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Argosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

You can tell it

I %JxgS&mt%

by this Label

Ks

        SUMMER
        UNDERWEAR

"I’m so glad I insisted on the label. I learned that last
summer. This summer I looked for the "Porosknit" label
first and I know I got the coolest thing for warmest weather— -
fit and wearing quality too." Ask your dealer for it.

11/117	Shirts and C	Union Suits

IVlEaN 3 Drawers.each OUC. $1.00

BOYS’ Shirts and Drawers, each 25C. Union Suits 50c

Styl ea and sizes ? In the new booklet. Send for it now.

C HA LME RS JC N I T T I N G
137 !Washingt-dn ' Street, Amst

  You are insured against accident
  and positively protected with the

Sam™ We Action

(Trade

Mark)

Safety

Police

Revolver

 Triple Action is the only way to real revolver safety. This is
 the only Triple Action weapon made. After firing, the third or
 triple movement lifts the hammer up and above the firing pin,
 altogether out of the danger-zone, then keeps it against a wall
 of solid steel. Before you buy a revolver have your dealer
 show you this one. You can see the safety principle at a glance.

      If you’re looking for an absolutely safe revolver—a weapon that
 shoots straight and hard when you want it to, and that positively cannot be
 discharged unless you actually pull the trigger—the Hopkins and Allen
 Triple Action Safety Police, is the revolver that you need.

 THE HOPKINS & ALLEN ARMS CO., 10 Che*tnut St., Norwich,Conn.

With Walnut Army Grip; 22,
32 and 38 Calibre, nickel and
blued. Blued 4 inch barrel,
$10.00. At all hardware and
sporting goods stores, but sent
post-paid on receipt of price, if
your dealer does not have it.

Oar latest Gan Guide and Cata-
log sent free on request. Shows
our entire line of revolvers, rifles
and shotguns. Write for it NOW.

 Blued

 Finish

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Akgosy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Prudential

made the

 Greatest Gain in
 Insurance in Force in 1908

of Any Life Insurance Company in the World!
Giant Strides of a Giant Company:

Gain in Life Insurance in Force, in 1908, over 97 Million Dollars
Paid Policyholders, during 1908, over - 19 Million Dollars
Dividend Fund to Credit of Participating

      Policies, Dec. 31, 1908, nearly - - 15 Million Dollars

   Total Payments to Policyholders Since Organization,
   Plus Amount Held at Interest to Their Credit, Over
   313 Million Dollars!

Write for
Rates of New

Policies. Address Dept. 98

Other 1908 Features:

Expenses Reduced.

New Monthly Income Policy Inaugurated.
Loaned to Policyholders, on Security of
their Policies, to Dec. 31, 1908, over
10 Million Dollars.

Tax Payments in 1908, nearly 1/4 Million
    Dollars.

The Prudential

Insurance Co. of America.

Incorporated as a Stock Company by the State of New Jersey.

JOHN F. DRYDEN, President. Home Office, Newark, N. J

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Arp.osy.
THE ARGOSY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Gillette Safety Razor

New Pocket Edition

 Chicago, Stock Exchange Bldg.

GILLETTE SALES CO.

,7 BolbornV'iaduet, E. C.	554 KimbaU Buildi"S.

Factories: Boston. Montreal, London, Berlin, Paris

If you are a GILLETTE user call
on some progressive dealer at once
and examine this nevy razor.

If you have never used the
Gillette now is the time to get
acquainted.

You can shave yourself in from
two to five minutes with the
Gillette—a clean, satisfying shave.
No stropping, no honing.

The pocket-case is of gold, silver
or gun metal. Plain polished or richly
engraved in floral and Empire de-
signs. Inside the pocket-case are
handle and blade box—triple silver-
plated or 14K. gold plated. Prices,
$5 to $7.50, on sale everywhere.

You should know Gillette
Shaving Brush—a new brush of
GILLETTE quality—bristles gripped
in hard rubber: and GILLETTE Shav-
ing Stick—a shaving soap worthy of
the Gillette Safety Razor.

HERE is news in-
deed — for the
two million men who

shave themselves every
morning with the
Gillette Safety Razor.

   Our first announcement of the
latest GILLETTE achievement—the
New Pocket Edition—the GILLETTE
Safety Razor in such compact form
that it can be carried like a card case
in the waistcoat pocket, or slipped
into the side of a traveling bag.

   Same size blade as before, same
principle; but neater, more work-
manlike, the most perfect shaving
implement in the world—as compact
and as beautifully finished as a piece
of jewelry—and the blades are fine.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tuk Argosy.
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org