*
4* *

Reviews,

 30 Irvinjc Place,
 New York

Addrevs

The be.luli
Henrv Cuxn

X leather cdltlftn <»l O.
r at»“ crimmoten volume

le bin'tin*. Hoi
lio<. .cnljl .5« I.

13 moil Kv

TO THOSE WHO ARE QUICK

KIPLING (lit)

GIVEN AWAY

 The girl pot $6 a week and was lonely. “Piggy you can
 imagine his kind was waiting downstairs. He knew where
 champagne and music could be had. Hut that night she
 didn't go. That was Lord Kitchener’s doing. But another
 night ?

O. HENRY

Finish This Story for
Yourself—

 tells about it in this story, with that full knowledge of women,
 with that frank facing of sex, and that clean mind that have
 endeared him to the men and women of the land.

   From the few who snapped up the first edition at $125 a
 set before it was off i lie press, to the 100,000 who have eagerly
 sought the beautiful volumes offered you here—from the
 stylist who sits among his books to the man on the street—
 this whole nation bows to O. Henry—and hails him with love
 and pride our greatest writer of stories.

        This is but one of the 274 stories, in 12 big volumes,
        you get for 25 cents a week, if you send the coupon.

  Never was there an offer like this. Not only do you get
  j our 274 O. Henry stories in 12 volumes at less than others
  paid for one volume of the first edition, but you get Kip-
  ling's best 179 short stories and poems and his long novel
  —without paying a cent. You get 18 volumes, packed
  with love and hate and laughter—a big shelf full of hand-
  some books.

    Send Coupon and you will under-
 stand as never before why other
 nations are going wdd over
 >A him.

       Why memorials to him are being
       prepared: why universities are plan-
       ning tablets to liis memory: why
       text books of Knglish Literature
       arc including his stories: why
       colleges are discussing his placc
       0\ in literature; why theatrical
       fA firms are vying lor rights to
       QA dramatize his stories; why
       newspapers all over the
       country are continually
       offering big sums for tfie
       right to reprint his
       stories.

  (I me. on approv
  (lurcr c pui'l I
  i, o. Henry's w.;

  2 volume*. K»ld lops.

Alto the 6-volume set ol
Kiulinif. bour.il in cloth. If
I keep thehook*. I wi!lr-tn!t
{I |w month litlS months «..r
then. Henry '.etonly and retain
till-Klplina (el without ch irgo.

mlw I will, vhhinlen .1 m
rciurn both sen .»l jruur e»pei»e.

                    Send the Coupon
                    and you will un-
                    derstand why O.

                        Henry is hailed as

                         "The American Kip-
                         bng;" “The Y. M.

                         C. A. JJoccaccio‘'Master of the
                         Short Story;” -Creator .if a New
                         Litedkue;” "Discoverer of Ro-
                         mance in New York’s Streets
                         "The American de Maupassant;"
                         ■•The Homer of the I'enderloin
                         Founder of a New Style;”
                         "America’s Greatest h'tory.
                         Teller;’ "The 20th Century II.*-
                         roun-AI-Rashid who takes vou to
                         every corner of his beloved ]tag-
                         dad—New York.”

Send the Coupon Without Money

 You get both sets free on approval. If you
 don’t laugh and cry over them—if you don’t
 read and re-read and love them—send them
 ’’•A back. Otherwise 25 cents a week pay< for
 them all. Don’t wait—send the coupon to-
 v> \ day. This offer is too good to last. It’s
 ~%\ on*-v l’1e avalanche of disappointed iet-
 10. \\\ tcrs ,I,at made us extend it this long.

c ._j ... coupon today—and be glad.

 Send tlu

 Review of Reviews Co, 30 Irving Place, Hew York
Issued Twlce-a-Month

Vol.XVII

MARCH 4th NUMBER

 No. 2

IAPPY(K)RIE5

^MAGAZINE o\eNTTPTAININO
                FICTION

 CONTENTS

COVER DESIGN

THE DRAGON’S CLAW (A Novelette)
T1IE STRANGE TRAMP
THE WOMAN HABIT
A PROFESSIONAL HUSBAND
ALIEN

RESTITUTION
A MAX OF AFFAIRS
THE LOVE-ROOST
SMITHLV MIRABIUS
ENVY

THUROUGHLY FEMININE
A RETURN TO EDEN
DREAMS

  H. Van Buskirk
  Jack Rowes
  John W. N. Sullivan
  John Lynch
  Harold Vickers
  Adam Hull Shirk
  Charles Honkle
  Nellie Cravey Gillmore
  Thomas Grant Springer
  Richard Irving Carson
  Tom Carter
  Octavus Roy Cohen
  Hilliard Booth
  E. M. Loeb
  Arthur Crispin, Jr.

Anonymous

THE TRUTH OF IT

CONFESSIONS OF A FASHIONABLE PRACTITIONER
No. i. The Green Orchid.

LONGING	David Cory

THE RISK	Cosnu> Hamilton

FIRE OF THE SNOW	Evelyn Campbell

WHO?	Grace Crane Smith

A LOOK BEFORE LEAPING •	Roger Hartman

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP (A Four-I’ajt ^lory)	Blair Ilail

THE ROSE O’ SHAME	Dick R. Walker

“CHASTE LUCY

 The Editor 127

  The Editor will be pleased to consider stories suitable for publication in this magazine.
  Where stamps are enclosed, every effort will be made to return solely unavniable mjnujcripts.
  YEARLY SUBSCRIPTION* $3.00	SINGLE COPIES 15 CENTS

  Twice-a-Month publication issued by

 THE NEW FICTION PUBLISHING COMPANY
 35-37 West 39th Street

 W. M. CLAYTON	NEW YORK	A. M. CLAYTON

President and Treasurer.	Secretary.

  Entered at the Post Office at New York, N. Y., as second-class matter.

  This issue dated March 4, 1916.

  Copyright, 1916, and Title Registered as a Trade-Mark, by The New Fiction Publishing Co.
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

Why be Sixty-five in Body when Less than Thirty in Years?

       You are Only as Young as Your Cells
       are Alive, Energized and Plastic

Why Take Less Than Your Full Share of Life and Pleasure? Are you living a full
and successful life: AVh) not always be at your best?—thoroughly well, energetic?
Why not invest in yourself and make the most of y ur every opportunitv ? It is
easy when you know how. The Swoboda System points the way. It requires no
drug', no appliances, no dieting, no study, no loss of time, no special bathing; there
is n«ithing to worry you. It gives ideal mental and physical conditions without in-
convenience or trouble.

THE SUCCESSFUL AND ENJOYABLE LIFE

Your living, enjoying and earning power depends entirely upon your energy, health,
vitality, memory and will-power. The Swoboda System can make you tireless, im-
prove your memory, intensify your will-power, and" make you physically just as you
ought to be. I promise it.

NOT SELF-CONSERVATION, BUT SELF-EVOLUTION

Early To Bed and Early To Rise may have at one time made man healthy, wealthy
an-1 wsse. but now. it is otherwise. To-day, early to bed and early to rise and regu-
larity habits gives a man high blood pressure, hardening of the arteries, a;id
makes him mentally narrow, irritable and too ready to criticise—premature old a^e
and early demise.

Nowadays, as in truth always, if a man desires to be healthy, wealthy and wise

       WHAT OTHERS HAVE TO SAY:

     “Consdoos Evofatiaa has done all for me that you r-rottised and I ui simply iltfil
 ng g.ftd health. I can Hardly believe :t myself, it fcus made sach a great cfc-mge :ft me.

 I aa so better condition than I have been for twenty rear* and am chuck fall uf
 esergj- *ad amfc:tion. Task* that »rre a burden to roe in the fast are nm» c*»v Jr. a
 pleasure. 1 have no ocaey to bum or throw to the btrit, but if you were to tier
 ae «c thousand dollar* in good hard (uh and put me back uhere 1 «aa before be*-.*,-
 mng your system. I would say, ‘Nothing doing.’ 1 enjoy the work you have maf; oi
 out lor roe and am impatient to get at it.

     I sLal! be sixty-si* years oid next August, and if you were to see me sicht no* you
 would »ay, :orty. and, a< a fact. I am better. stronger, and have more rncrjcT than
 theijctigt man at forty. I have only you and your syvteia to thank for these
 •nd I want to thank you from the very b->ttnoi of a grateful heart for "bat you hate
 done for me. I am a man now in every »nK of the •■ord. whereas I »a» onti *
 fraction of a ~ir. and a small fraction before profiting thru Conscious Evuiuuon ” '
 “The strangest f-art of it aU is that my bear.ng is greatly improved. The mnscio of
 my shoulders, back and ahi.toen are immense, and I have forgotten that I h»*e a
 liver, kidneys, heart or any other -.rgan*. except my stomach, which makes a k»l coll
 three anies a day. I have lu*t all desire for stimulants.

"One year ago I was an old man of forty; today I am a youth at forty-one.'*

     "I must state that the principle of jw system w the most scientific, and at the same
 tune the *i» rlest I have e»er heard. You do not ousrrprescat oae single word in your
 advertiaiEg.''

     •	When I tell »on»e of niy friends how quickiy I »aa beaefited by C*in>cious EtoIq-
 tioO, they do not bebcve sne. They think I exaggerate."

     "I feel that I mss* express once more my sjncerest and warmest arr-rectatioe of the
 li-'UC&t j .>a have	mt Had anyone told ir.e that I cnuld {Miscess such Sne qualify

 of bc-iy and such development aa I do at present, after nine weeks of Ccmrtota E»-»-
 lut on. 1 »ouM have said that they were raving mad. You have proved beyond the
 skadow of a doubt that you can do everything you say; ia fact, t believe you really
 do more than you promise. Results have been eo startling in my ca*e that I feci t»-*t
 1 have been horn again. At the time of writing I feel full of life, energy and arobi
 tion. My body has assumed a roost graceful shape of which I itn rr>.'re than proud
 and thank the day that I e»«r heard of you. I could writt ye.« a whole l^t about your
 Conscious Evolution. I feel so thankful. There is no better value •'O «Ws earth than

 •	hat you offer, asd anyone who doubts your statements «»:»• be in-ice.: more th^a
 skeptical. I would consider it aa booor to have you me my letter* in every *ay you
 thsok' fit.”

Nearly everybody reads Snappy Stories
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

Why Become Prematurely Old in Whole or in Part?

Age in Years and Age in
Body are not

Ponce de Leon’s Fountain of Youth
Died With Him. Your fountain of youth
null die with you. Each mans fountain of
youth is within himself. Through Conscious
Evolution only can you drinl( to the full of
the fountain of youth.

WHAT OTHERS HAVE TO SAY:

"I am seventy-one years of age, and in three weeks
your system has apparently made a new man of me.

1 am so enthusiastic over Conscious Evolution that it
is difficult for me to control myself, and not do more
than you say. I want to thank you for the interest you
are taking in my case. When I wrote you for your in-
structions I was in a very desperate condition. I have
never heen sorry for one minute that I have written
you. On the contrary, I want to thank you for what
you are doing for inc. I am getting along fine; 1 am
a wonder to myself. It does not seem possible that
there could be such a change in any one in such a short
time.”

-MY NEW COPYRIGHTED BOOK IS FREE-

       It explains THE SWOBODA SYSTEM OF CONSCIOUS EVOLUTION and the
   human body as it has never been explained before. It explains MY NEW THEORY
   OF THE BODY AND THE MIND. It will startle, educate, and enlighten you.

       My book explains HIGH BLOOD PRESSURE and HARDENING OF THE AR-
   TERIES, as well as OLD AGE conditions and how to overcome them.

         You will cherish this book for having given you the first real understanding ot'
    your body and mind. It shows howr you may be able to obtain a superior life; it ex-
    plains how you may make use of natural laws for your own advantage.

         My book will give you a better understanding of yourself than you could obtaic
    from a college course. The information which it imparts cannot be obtained else-
    where at any price. It shows the unlimited possibilities for you through conscious
    evolution of your cells; it explains my discoveries and what they are doing for men
    and women. Thousands have advanced themselves in every way through a better
    realization and conscious use of the principles which I have discovered and which I
    disclose in my book. It tells what Conscious Evolution means and what it may do for
    you. It also explains the DANGERS OF EXERCISE and of EXCESSIVE DEEiP
    BREATHING.

         I offer my System on a basis which makes it impossible for you to lose a singile
    penny. My guarantee is startling, specific, positive and fraud-proof.

         Write for my FREE BOOK and full particulars to-day before it slips your mind.
    Make up your mind to at least learn the facts concerning the SWOBODA SYSTEM
    OF CONSCIOUS EVOLUTION for men and women.	I

-ALOIS P. SWOBODA, 1379 Aeolian. Hall, New York-

Identical

To read Snappy Stories is a cachet of smartness
SNAPPY STORIES

SECOND MARCH NUMBER

THERE are scores of famous authors whose names hold an honor-
able place in American literature, but the humorous writers
can be numbered almost on the fingers of one hand. It is an
editorial axiom that a humorous story is the hardest of all to get, and
so in offering Hugh Kahler’s “The Stronger Sex,” the novelette that
will open this Second March issue, we feel that we have achieved
something on which we may especially pride ourselves. “The Stronger
Sex” is one of the finest humorous stories we have ever read. Its
style is pointed without being cutting; its humor clean and spontane-
ous without being forced or of the horse-play variety, and it’s a real
story that holds you, quite apart from its ability to tackle your risi-
bilities. We are proud of this story. We know you’ll enjoy it.

     And then, as an offset to this tale in lighter vein, we have some of
the finest and strongest short stories we have ever published. For
instance, “A Knowledge of Life,” by Walter A. Roberts, is a vivid
story of the sudent life that in happier days centred about the Boul*
Mich’ and Montparnasse. Tragic, perhaps, for all life is made up of
either comedy or tragedy, but with a real lesson and a real warning.

     “This Is My Wife.” by Rex T. Stout, is an especially strong story
of cabaret life in New York; and the second “Confession of a Fashiona-
ble Practitioner" is as startlingly original a story as we have ever
ventured on.

     Again we have to congratulate ourselves upon a new author, Hugh
Kent, who makes his first appearance in any American magazine with
the little story “Woman-fear,” a most intimate and appealing study
of the fears and hopes, the joys and sorrows, of a young bride; while
“The Blind Heart," by Andrew Soutar, is a worthy sequel to his other
stories, “The Law” and "The Safe.”

     Among the other short stories that we think you will especially
enjoy, we might mention “Quid Pro Quo,” by Tarleton Collier; “The
Girl from Arle,” by Dale Drummond; “A Dream Fulfilled,” by Harold
de Polo; “Things.” by Ruth Wright Kauffman; and “Nothing but the
Truth," by Harold Vickers ; while the one-act play, so popular a feature
of SNAPPY STORIES, is this time from the pen of W. D. Hep<en-
stall and carries the engaging title of “Masks.”

     “Alias Mrs. Jessop” comes to a whirlwind finish in this issue, and
there will also be some poetry of the sort that has made SNAPPY
STORIES famous.

THE EDITORS.

Look for the Second March Number, on sale February 18th.
THE DRAGON’S CLAW

    A Novelette
    By Jack Rowes

I

DUSK was falling. Across the
water, beyond the two darken-
ing headlands guarding the
Golden Gate, the sinking sun flung its
avalanche of color—crimson, violet,
gold, melting into tender turquoise
where the outer edges wedded deeper
blue. Over the rippling stretch of in-
coming tide amethystine shadows flick-
ered through the golden mist. Along the
shores of the Exposition, lights were al-
ready winking from the buildings, while
in the busy “Zone” the entrances to the
palaces of amusement shone with the
weird hopelessness of electricity at-
tempting to rival the natural light of de-
clining day.

  Tired sightseers, hurrying homeward
for dinner, drew their wraps more
closely in anticipation of the chill breeze
which springs up along the Californian
coast after sundown. Down the Avenue
of Palms, past the ever gushing Foun-
tain of Energy, out through the main en-
trance of the Exposition, they poured,
pausing to glance back at the majestic
Tower of Jewels, quivering and scintil-
lating with blinding iridescence under the
ardent caresses of the sunset glow.

  Down at the other end of the grounds,
a girl leaned against a Corinthian column
as she feasted her eyes on the most per-
fect piece of architecture in the inclo-
sure: the graceful temple of the Palace
of Fine Arts, now bathed in a pinkish
blush by the afterglow. Her slim figure
in its gown of deep mourning, strikingly
outlined against the pale turquoise,
fluted pillar; her chestnut hair, a vivid
gold in that same glow; her eyes, mys-

terious, black-shadowed under heavy-
fringed lids; the unconscious pathos of
her pose—all made a picture so unique
that Ransom Fuller turned in the
shadow of the peristyle and, concealed
behind one of the huge ornamental urns,
took in the details in appreciative enjoy-
ment. He was not a man to let any ob-
ject that attracted him escape him, and
this young creature with her creamy
pallor, her magnificent, dark, dreamy
eyes and crimson, flower-crushed mouth,
was the most exquisite thing he had ever
seen in this land of nature’s beauties and
lovely women.

  The afterglow faded, and to the right
the top of the Tower of Jewels flashed
into sudden light as the electrifying of
the huge, creamy-tinted buildings began,
but still the girl lingered, and still the
tip of Ransom Fuller’s cigar glowed
through the gathering dusk. Neither he
nor the girl saw two figures gliding
along the peristyle. Not until steps fell
on the tiled flooring beside her, was she
conscious of any other visitors at that
point in the open corridor, nor did she
turn her head when one of the men
halted beside her and gazed stealthily
at her profile.

  "This the one? You’re sure. Bill?”
The whisper to the man behind was
answered by a nod. After a brief
glance about, in which he failed to dis-
cover the half-concealed form of Fuller,
the man beside the girl put his hand into
his pocket, and immediately something
metallic, silvery, gleamed in his fingers.
There was a quickly stifled cry from the
girl as the needle plunged home; then
she reeled, choking, gasping, into his

1
2

THE DRAGON’S CI-AW

grasp. The columns of pale turquoise
and faintly tinted terra-cotta seemed to
crash down in an avalanche of cosmic
chaos. A deathly faintness gripped her,
then—silence.

  Her body relaxed. The two men,
quiet, well-groomed, good-looking, car-
ried her towards the entrance, where
one of the electrically propelled chairs
built for two passengers awaited them.
As they brought her out, a small crowd
of belated sightseers gathered around.

  "A lady’s fainted.” . . . “Some one’s
been taken sick." . . . “What a lovely
girl!” The murmurs grew as they
caught sight of the ruddy hair and death-
pale features.

  A brown-uniformed policeman push-
ed his way through the gaping loiterers.

  “What's the trouble?” he questioned.

  The younger of the two men turned
impatiently, with an anxious glance at
the girl.

  “My sister,” he explained rapidly.
“She fainted as we were walking
through the peristyle of the Art Palace.
She's liable to these attacks. Nothing
dangerous—just a little weakness of the
heart. I’ll get her home as quick as
possible. Here, you”—as the man in
charge of the conveyance waited—
“wheel that chair up here and help me
lift her in. . . . Now, then, if you’ll be
kind enough to disperse this crowd—”

  A greenback crackled ingratiatingly.
The policeman drew back.

   “Clear out, all of yer,” he invited the
crowd impartially. “Yer blockin’ the
traffic—”

   "What’s this?" A tall, athletic figure
shouldered its way through the mass.
“What’s happened here?”

  Ransom Fuller glanced at the police-
man, then at the recumbent figure of
the girl, already lying back in the chair.
The man at her side, with one arm about
her, placed his hand on the steering-gear.

   “Get out of the way,” he snapped.

   Fuller came around to the girl’s side
of the vehicle. One glance at her face

was enough. It was she whom he had
watched in the peristyle. The chair be-
gan to move even as he laid his hand
on her wrist.

  “Stop!” he commanded as trenchantly
as the other. "This girl is ill—”

  “Of course she is,” jeered the man
who had assisted to place the girl in the
chair, and had then stepped back into
the crowd. “Drive on, Jim; don't mind
the mutt! I’ll look in after dinner to
see how Ella is.”

  Fuller, his hand on the girl’s limp
wrist, found her pulse almost impercep-
tible.

  “There’s something more than a mere
fainting fit here,” he said briefly, his
keen gaze on her peculiar pallor.

  "Let go of her hand,” commanded
the man beside her roughly. “You’re
detaining me. Officer”—he turned to
the policeman imperatively—“clear this
place for me!”

  He pressed the button controlling the
power; but his furtive nervousness
clenched Fuller’s suspicions. He leaned
over and jammed home the lever, effect-
ively stopping the light machine.

  The girl’s supposed brother turned a
livid face. “What are you trying to
do? Take your hands off this chair or
I’ll have you arrested.”

  With a quick movement, Fuller strip-
ped back the sheer black chiffon sleeve
covering the girl’s arm. There, plain
against its creamy texture was a tiny red
wound. The man in the chair, under-
standing Fuller's gesture, gave a snarl
of rage.

  “My sister may die!” he bellowed.
“Take this madman out of my way!
Bill, here—”

  His friend, adroitly detaching himself
from the crowd, appeared at his side.
They exchanged quick, covert glances,
then “Bill * swung his fist at Fuller’s
jaw. But Fuller was prepared. Before
the astonished officer could interfere, he
put “Bill*' temporarily out of active par-
ticipation with a well-directed blow. As
JACK ROWES

3

the machine started forward, under the
impetus of the “juice,” he turned to the
paralyzed official.

  “Arrest this man/’ he ordered tersely.
“I’ll run the chances of its being a mis-
take. This girl's in no faint. She’s
drugged. That’s a hypodermic punc-
ture.”

  With an oath, the man leaned for-
ward.

  “None of that!” exclaimed Fuller, as
the fellow reached for his hip-pocket.
“There are too many witnesses for you
to make a get-away if you pull a gun.”

  Appalled at the turn the incident was
taking, the crowd fell back. The police-
man at last gathered his scattered wits,
and moved forward.

  “What’s your game?” he growled to
Fuller. “This here young man says
she’s his sister—”

  “I’ll take the chances she’s not,” re-
torted Fuller. “Arrest this man, and
I’ll appear against him. I’ll stake my
reputation on the fact that this girl has
been drugged. I’m a physician—”

  Revolver in hand, the man in the chair
leaped to the ground with one bound;
but before he had cleared two steps the
density of the excited crowd impeded
him. He struggled to free himself from
the hands outstretched to grasp him, but
three amazed visitors from the East, en-
joying this wild and woolly Western
scene, hung on until the officer, roused
at last, seized him from behind and dis-
armed him.

  Fuller then turned his attention to the
girl. She lay as though already dead,
with faint, bluish shadows beneath her
long-fringed eyelids. The doctor thrust
his hand into his pocket and produced a
card, which he passed to the bewildered
officer.

  “Here’s my address ; you’ll wrant me in
the morning.” he said quietly, stepping
into the nearest seat beside the uncon-
scious girl. “I’m taking the young lady
to the Inside Inn, because it’s the near-
est place about here, and I’ve no idea

where she is stopping. She ought to
have attention at once.”

  The officer’s brow cleared as he read
the engraving:

Ransom Ogden Fuller, M. D.

Office, 3 Grand Avenue.

Los Angeles, Cal.

And penciled hastily in one comer,
“The Inside Inn, Exposition Grounds.”
“Sorry to have held you up, sir,” he
said. “Pass on. The chief’ll communi-
cate with you in the morning.”

  Producing handcuffs, the policeman
deftly snapped them on his prisoner.
The man threw Fuller a baleful glance,
then his face cleared as he saw that in
the excitement of his arrest his pal had
managed to make a clean get-away.
Things might have been worse, he told
himself. With Chin Ling Wu at the
wheel, surely the game was not lost.
Bill would make his report, and the
“Boss” would find a way out. He re-
signed himself to sulky silence.

  Doctor Fuller gave a quick glance
about, then, failing to find traces of the
vanished “Bill,” shrugged his broad
shoulders. The crowd gave way as the
electric chair slowly forged ahead. Only
a short distance, and the entrance to the
hotel gleamed invitingly brilliant.

  As he stopped the light wicker ma-
chine, the front door “Buttons” hurried
out to receivc him. The Doctor was
gently removing the unconscious figure.

“Come over on the other side of her,”
he ordered briefly. “She’s in a faint.”
“Buttons” sprang to attention, and an
exclamation escaped him as he saw the
girl’s features.

  “My Gawd, it’s Miss Salisbury!
What happened to her, sir?”

  “You know her? She’s staying
here?’’ The boy nodded. Then, “She s
had a little accident,” Fuller added—all
the explanation he cared to have leak
out in the hotel.

  “Great luck!” he muttered as he
helped to carry the girl up to her room,
then sent for the chambermaid. “It’s
4

THE DRAGON'S CLAW

fortunate that they recognized her. I’ll
notify her family. This raw attempt at
kidnaping will be something of a shock
to her relatives.

  "Miss Salisbury’s fainted,” he began,
without any preliminaries, as the maid
appeared. "Where are the members of
her family? Who is with her?"

  The maid hesitated. “She’s alone,
sir, I think. She’s been with one of the
parties that stop here to see the Exposi-
tion, but the others left to-day, and she
told me she was goin’ to stay until an-
other party, run by the same people,
arrives here next week, when she’s to
join them an’ go on back East. Her
party only stayed here ten days, an’
she said she hadn't seen all she wanted
to. She hadn’t any relative or intimate
friends with her, sir.”

  "I see.” The Doctor thought rapidly.
Evidently there was no relative to
notify of the extraordinary attempt at
kidnaping. Her mourning indicated
recent loss, while her joining a party
for sight-seeing purposes pointed to the
probability of her being alone in the
world. He crossed to the spacious
wardrobe trunk. On it was the letter-
ing: “L. S., Boston, U. S. A.”

  “Some distance,” he mused as, leav-
ing the maid in attendance, he went to
his own room for a hypodermic syringe.
“An Easterner traveling alone, and a
beauty! A tempting bait, no doubt, to
white-slavers on the lookout for vic-
tims.”

  The maid, looking up, saw the frown
on his brows as he reentered the cham-
ber. During his absence, she had un-
dressed Miss Salisbury, and, as the girl
lay supine in her dainty night lingerie
among the pillows, her perfect physique
fired a spark of admiration which may
not have been wholly professional in
the physician’s brilliant dark eyes.
Without question. Miss Salisbury was
the finest specimen of youthful woman-
hood ever under his observation. Fuller
dismissed the maid, then sat down, his

black brows knit thoughtfully as he re-
garded the sleeping girl. She looked so
young, so strangely helpless, as she lay,
utterly relaxed, the sheer, lacy night-
robe, low-necked and short-sleeved, re-
vealing the sweet, clear lines of creamy
neck and shoulders, the rise and fall of
the perfectly modeled girlish breasts as
she drew each breath of tranced obliv-
ion.

  What was she? What mystery lay
behind those long, dark-fringed eyelids?
What secret tinged the life of this ex-
quisite young creature?

  The girl’s intimate personal belong-
ings spoke of refined tastes, with money
to gratify them. The solid silver scat-
tered lavishly over the dressing-table
was of chaste design and bore the mark
of a silversmith of national reputation.

  That a girl of her apparently comfort-
able circumstances should be traveling
alone, unchaperoned, puzzled the young
physician. Possibly she was married;
perhaps even a widow. “Mrs.” often
sounds like “Miss” on servants’ lips.
His glance darted to her hands. The
left one was concealed beneath the
sheet, her right, within touch of his own,
lay small, appealing, ringless.

  He leaned over and mechanically
placed his fingers on the pulse. It was
normal in its beat, and her respirations
told him she had sunk into a natural
sleep. One long strand of her unbound
hair lay in a coppery coil, brushing his
hand as he withdrew it from her wrist.
Obeying an impulse, he lifted it, the
waving, silken curls twining sheeny
tendrils about his fingers, slipping linger-
ingly through as though loath to re-
lease him from the clinging, caressing
touch. A delicately evanescent perfume
like fresh crushed violets filled his
nostrils—that faintly suggestive scent of
the woman whose satiny skin is so se-
ductively sweet that the mere fragrance
is an unconscious temptation to men to
lose their heads.

  Before he realized w'hat he was about,
JACK ROWES

5

Fuller found his face just above hers,
his big, dark eyes aglow. “ Hungry -
looking eyes,” one of his patients—a
woman somewhat epris of the stunning
young physician—had called them. With
no thought that his conduct was unbe-
coming his profession, for the moment
he forgot his degree of M.D. and re-
membered only that he was, first of all,
a man. He wondered how those red
lips—for the natural color had returned
—would look if they should suddenly
break into a smile. Parted just a frac-
tion. the glimmer of pearly enamel
gleamed through illusively enchanting.
So near that his own breath mingled
with hers, Fuller came to his senses with
a start. God! He had almost kissed
her. He had been on the point of per-
forming the most caddish act of his en-
tire professional career, of deliberately
taking advantage of a patient who was
under his care.

  With a hot flush on his tanned cheek,
he wrenched his eyes away from the
mouth so like a crushed hibiscus bud,
and looked down at the thick, jetty eye-
lids. They were open, the eyes staring
straight up into his. An exclamation
escaped him as he moved back.

  The eyes into which he gazed, as dark
as his own, and tremendously enlarged
from the drug, showed flecks of golden
flame in the iris. As they looked at him,
they dilated with surprise. Accustomed
to the usual lethargic condition of pa-
tients as the result of drug-poisoning,
he leaned over her again, holding her
startled gaze with his own as he said:

  “You must try to get some sleep.
Miss Salisbury. You’ve had a slight ill
turn, and as I happened to be on hand
I brought you home. I’m Doctor Fuller,
of Los Angeles. You’ll be all right in
the morning. I’ll call in again then to
see how you are getting on.” He smiled
reassuringly.

  “Wait I” The hand near him groped
for a second, and he took it up, lightly
holding it in his own. The warmly vi-

brant current of his magnetism seemed
to revive her. A faint flush came into
her cheeks, and the dreamy glaze in her
eyes cleared into sudden comprehension.

  “111! I’ve been ill? But I can’t re-
member anything—wait a moment—yes,
I was standing in the peristyle, looking
across the water. I must have fainted!
But I’ve never done such a thing in my
life. What happened? It seems to me
I remember feeling as though all those
pale blue and pink columns were falling
on my head—”

  She stopped, staring into space. He
gently laid her hand back on the sheet.

  “You mustn’t try to think or talk of
your illness to-night, Miss Salisbury.
You’re out of the woods now, and you’ll
feel quite yourself in the morning, if
you’ll rest. Plenty of time then to tax
your memory. If you think you’d like
a night nurse to stay with you, I can get
one for you within half an hour. I'll
stay with you until she arrives.”

  He rose in readiness to go to the house
telephone.

  “A nurse? Why? Am I ill enough
for that? How odd! I don’t feel sick—
only swimmy and light-headed. But
even that’s better. Still, if you think I
need a nurse, of course you may call one
in. Won’t you tell me what happened?
I’m really quite strong, and always so
well I know some accident must have
occurred. Did I fall? It seems to me
I remember two men—”

  She started up suddenly, her eyes
staring straight ahead.

  “I do remember!” she cried vehement-
ly. “There were two men. It all hap-
pened so quickly I scarcely saw them,
but I felt a sharp prick on my arm—”
She looked down at its pretty, bare con-
tour. On it the puncture still glowed
redly.

  “there’s the mark!” She peered at it
triumphantly. “I felt a stab, and then
two men seized me. I remember re-
member—and then—I suppose I faint-
ed.”
6

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

  She clasped her knees, gazing up at
Fuller, wide-eyed. "Do you know who
they were?" she questioned anxiously.
He shook his head.

  “I haven’t the slightest idea, Miss
Salisbury. I hoped you’d be able to
clear up that part of the mystery. But
the police will find out. They've got one
of the men now safely under lock and
key. Won’t you try to dismiss this
whole affair from your mind and get
the rest you so much need? Perhaps I'd
better call in that nurse—she may be
able to accomplish more in the line of
persuasion than I.”

  He paused again as she shook her
head.

  "Do you think that if you’d been the
one who had had ’knockout drops’ in-
jected into you—that’s what they call it,
isn’t it ?” she appealed to him—“you’d be
w.illing to settle down calmly and go to
sleep without wanting to know the whole
truth about what had happened ? I don't
believe you would. You look like a
clever man’’—he flushed, but she con-
tinued excitedly, seeming oblivious of
the compliment she was paying him—
“and I’m sure you’d have enough natural
curiosity to try to find out who did such
a thing to you, and why. It’s such an
outrageous proceeding! I can’t think of
any one who’d want to do such a despi-
cable thing. I wonder, if I should get
up and dress now and drive to the po-
lice-station, would they let me see the
man who is locked up there?”

  She eyed him anxiously. He smiled
as he crossed to the telephone.

   “I see you’re not to be trusted alone”
—he could not wholly keep the relieved
amusement from his voice—“so I'm go-
ing to call in that nurse. I shall tell the
agency to be sure to send me a strict
disciplinarian.”

"Please don’t,” she called softly.
“Really, I’m not a bit ill. My head's
just—queer—when I sit up. And of
course I won’t attempt to go out to-
night. It must be late—” She turned

to look at the clock. ‘'It’s almost eleven
o’clock,” she added hastily. "Please,
Doctor Fuller, don’t telephone for a
nurse. I know I shall not want her
around. I don’t need her—and I’ve al-
ready taken a cordial dislike to her—”
The last words were so like a child’s
plea: "Please don't—I wiU be good!”
that Fuller’s lips twitched. But he un-
hooked the receiver.

  “At least, now you’re awake, you
must have something to eat,” he said,
and he gave an order in a tone so low
that Miss Salisbury heard only an in-
distinct murmur.

  Satisfied, she leaned back on her pil-
lows. Then she suddenly awakened to
the fact that she was in a negligee which,
while undeniably showing off her love-
liness to advantage, was hardly the cos-
tume in which she would have chosen
to appear before a stranger even with
the shelter of an M.D. to play propriety.
She desperately caught up the linen
under her chin, and snuggled down be-
neath the sheet, casting as she did so a
longing glance at her bureau-drawers,
where her dainty wrappers were repos-
ing. In a few minutes the supper would
be brought in, when she would be ex-
pected to sit up, bolstered by the pil-
lows, and she simply would not appear
before any man in such scanty attire.

  “Won’t you be good enough to fetch
me a wrapper from the dresser?” she
asked. “I shall need it when the sup-
per you’ve ordered comes up.”

  “Of course.’’ He rose and crossed the
room. “In which drawer shall I find
it?”

  "The second.”

  By mistake he pulled out the third,
in which a mass of negligible lacy white
undergarments stared up at him.
Hastily shutting it, he tried the one
above, finding therein several silken
wraps from which to choose.

  "I haven’t any kimonos,” she called,
as he stood undecided. “I’ve always
heard they had such perfectly lovely
JACK ROWES

7

Japanese ones for sale in San Francisco
that I put off buying any until I arrived,
and I haven’t had time for shopping yet.
That’s one reason I stayed over. But
I’ve forgotten. You don’t know any-
thing about me, of course. I joined a
touring party in Boston to see the West
and stop at the Exposition, but as they
remained here too short a time to satisfy
me, I stayed over to join the next party
and return with that. Yes"—as Fuller
mechanically took up a violet mass of
Liberty satin—'Til slip that on if youll
be kind enough to bring it here.”

  Throwing it over his arm, he brought
it to her. She looked up at him, her
face just visible above the sheet, and as
she thanked him he caught the expres-
sion of her eyes. Taking the hint, he
turned and went back to the bureau,
prolonging the dosing of the drawer
until he knew, from the soft rustling be-
hind him, that she was clothing herself
in the wrap. While he waited for per-
mission to turn, he stood looking ab-
stractedly at the various toilet articles
on the top of the dresser. Two photo-
graphs, which he instantly guessed to be
those of her father and her mother, were
in a double silver frame in the centre,
while from a smaller, single frame, the
portrait of a good-looking young man
stared back at him defiantly. Her voice
roused him from his contemplation, and
he turned with a flush.

  ‘T think I heard a knock, Doctor
Fuller.”

  He crossed and opened the door, ad-
mitting a waiter with a tray. A small
table was spread invitingly at the side of
the bed. Miss Salisbury, supported by
pillows and swathed in soft folds of
shaded satin varying from the most deli-
cate violet to the deepest purple pansy
hues, looked like a dainty flower herself,
with her face peeping out above the lilac
marabou edging. She had managed to
twist her chestnut hair into a great, thick
coil loosely piled upon her head, and
Fuller likened her to the heart of a

violet as, bending over her to arrang?
the pillows behind her more comfort-
ably, he again caught the odor oi
freshly crushed blossoms. As she took
the cup of biack coffee he poured fot
her, he hastily glanced at her left hand
On the third finger glittered a large soli-
taire, something in its saturnine bril-
liance expressive of the young man
whose photograph was on the dresser.
Evidently she was not a widow in
mourning for her husband, but a young
girl about to become a wife. An unac-
countable desire to rise and demolish
that particular picture made him give an
imperceptible movement forward.

  “Oh!” she exclaimed as she noticed
it. “You're not going to leave me yet.
are you? I do so want you to tell me
all about my—my accident. But. of
course, if you have other calls to make
to-night—”

  “I haven’t. I’m entirely at your ser-
vice."’ He sank back, ashamed of his
sudden mad impulse. “You have the
distinction of being my only patient just
now. I’m really off on a vacation, but
I happened to be on the spot as you—er
—were being carried out of the art
building, and so I offered my services.
I brought you to this hotel as the nearest
point where you couki be properly
looked after, and they immediately rec-
ognized you as a guest. Thus you were
taken to your owm room. It was a
fortunate coincidence that you should be
stopping here—”

  “It was extremely lucky for me that
you were there just at that moment! ’
she exclaimed warmly. I'm absolutely
alone here. My father died last win-
ter—” She paused a moment, winking
back the dew which had started in her
eyes.

  “That accounts for her mourning/’
thought Fuller, “but not for the small
photograph!”

  “And now. for the first time in my
life, I don't know what to do. I m afraid.

I	want to see the rest of the Exposition,
8

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

but I shan’t dare to step outside the
hotel until the other party arrives.”

  Fuller bent over her reassuringly.
“I’m going to take it upon myself, if you
will allow me, to look after you per-
sonally until your party comes. That’s
a physician’s first duty—to take care of
his patient—and 1 have the reputation of
being pretty thorough in my treatments.
And now you are to begin by trying to
get some sleep. I’m going now. If you
feel ill or nervous and want to call me
up during the night, my room number is
246. But I hardly think you'll need me.
When you awake, I'd like to have you
call me up, anyway. Will you ?”

  "I surely will,” she replied. “And I
most deeply appreciate your kindness to
me, Doctor. It’s very nice of you to
let me feel that I can call on you at any
time, although I hope I shan’t have to
be so heartless as to disturb you before
breakfast. Good night, and thank you!”
* She turned her head, but he saw the
quick tears in her eyes.

  “Good night and—God keep you!”

  Not until he had softly closed the
door of her chamber did he realize that
he had unconsciously spoken the last
three words aloud. But she had seemed
neither astonished nor offended: nor
could he know that as the door clicked
after him she echoed his words aloud,
finding comfort in their tenderness.

II

  It was nine the next morning before
she awoke to another perfect California
day. Still heavy-eyed, she looked out
of her open window, breathing in the
tonic of the exquisitely fresh morning
air. Her chamber window gave the
vista of the Lagoon and Art Palace, and
she could even sec the graceful columns
of the peristyle. With a quick shudder,
she turned to the serious business of her
toilet, and less than an hour later,
bathed, gowned, and feeling fit for what-
ever the day might offer, she called Doc-
tor Fuller on the telephone.

  “Yes, I’m feeling very well, thank
you. . . . No, 1 haven't breakfasted yet.
I’m going down now to the dining-room.

. . . You have some news to tell me?
. . . You’re downstairs yourself? I’ll
see you down there, thenand she hung
up the receiver with a little glow of an-
ticipation.

  He was not in the lobby as she passed
through, nor did she see him until,
seated at her small breakfast-table, he
sauntered in and paused beside her.
With a little gesture of welcome, she
motioned to the chair opposite her own.

  “Will you have a cup of coffee with
me, Doctor Fuller?” she asked, as she
poured the steaming, aromatic beverage.

 "Thanks—if I may. I had a very
light and early breakfast this morning/’
he replied; then added casually, as he
took the cup from her: “I’ve been to the
police station, Miss Salisbury. I thought
I might be able to save you the trouble
of taking the trip. You’re looking so
well I think I can venture to tell you
all I have learned. It isn't very much,
after all.”

  “Oh, what—what did they tell you?
Did you see the man ?”

 He nodded. “Yes. The chief of
police had the man in to question him.
We couldn’t get much out of him, but
the chief hopes to find a way to make
him talk. He thinks he’s no novice at
the game, and that he’s probably been a
government guest at San Quentin be-
fore. The chief’s put out a drag-net for
the man who escaped—I gave him a
description—and thinks they’ll have him
too before long. So you’re not to
worry.’ His fine, dark eyes looked
straight into hers as he gave the admoni-
tion. “The affair is ended, and I’m
afraid, from your appearance, I’m about
to lose my one and only patient.”

  Relief and mischief struggled in her
face. "I refuse to dismiss you, Doctor
Fuller,” she said softly—“unless you’re
no longer interested in my case.” She
paused suggestively.
JACK ROWES

9

  “I never accept any case unless my
patient agrees to carry out my orders
implicitly, and you may not care to fol-
low my prescriptions. For instance, I
think a little run out to Golden Gate
Park in my machine would clear your
head of any remaining dizziness and
bring the color into your cheeks. To be
out in the air is the best tonic for a case
like yours. If you approve the pre-
scription, I’ll bring up the car; if not,
I’m afraid I'll have to consider myself
dismissed."

  W ith more anxiety than he dared to
show, he sat quietly awaiting her reply.
With long, downcast eyelashes, a color
which needed no tonic to aid it mantling
her cheeks, she answered:

  “If all your prescriptions are as pleas-
ing as this, you must be the most popular
physician in Los Angeles! I can think
of nothing which would appeal to me
more than a drive out there on a morn-
ing so divine. That is one of the places
I haven’t visited yet, but I hear it’s re-
markably lovely. You are very kind to
suggest taking me. You’re sure it will
not interfere with any plans you may
have made before you—you met me?"

  His face lighted with swift pleasure
even as a ray of sunlight struck Miss
Salisbury’s diamond solitaire, flashing a
satanic prism into his eyes.

  “I’ve found the keenest pleasures often
come without previous thought. Thus,
when I take a vacation, I drift without
other plans than those which appeal to
me for the moment. My time is wholly
at your service—as long as you will per-
mit."

  Half an hour later Doctor Fuller’s
long, racy runabout was speeding away
from the Exposition Grounds, past the
towering, battlemented heights of the
Presidio, which forms one of the head-
lands guarding the Golden Gate. Swing-
ing south, they turned along the famous
parkway. On their right, its long line of
foam breaking on the stretch of white,
sandy beach which ran for miles along

the coast, was the Pacific, so much deep-
er in its sapphirine waters than the green-
ish Atlantic to which she had been ac-
customed.

  From the military reservation the
clear, sweet call of a bugle announced
that a drill was in progress. At a point
of vantage, Fuller stopped the machine,
and they spent a half-hour watching the
drilling and maneuvering of the troops.
As they sped on towards Seal Rock,
Miss Salisbury inquired idly:

  “What’s the building on the bluff?"

  “That’s the Cliff House, rather a pop-
ular place for people who drive out from
the city to dine and see the moon over
the wrater. It’s hardly the time of day
for that attraction, but perhaps you’d
enjoy lunching there."

  Seeing the sparkle of pleasure in her
eyes, he drove up to the hotel. Out on
the broad, roomy piazza, seated at a
corner table where they could watch
and enjoy the antics of the hundreds of
seals sunning themselves on the little
island, they lunched and chatted, Fuller
exerting himself to draw the girl out 011
topics which showed her natural tastes;
she enjoying to the full the rare charm
of his personality. Now that no future
dangers threatened, she was actually be-
ginning to be glad that the accident had
happened to her to bring this new ac-
quaintance into her life. Naturally ar-
dent and social, she had tasted the full
bitterness of what loneliness can mean
to a girl cast entirely on her own re-
sources in a huge caravansary like the
Exposition Grounds. Fate had thrown
into her path this handsome young phy-
sician, whose credentials and manner
were all that the most fastidious could
require, and the mere unconventionality
of their meeting lent to the chance ac-
quaintance added charm.

  Driving back, Fuller wrapped her in
one of his motor-coats, for she had neg-
lected to bring a heavy wrap, and the
chill breeze which combines summer and
winter into one Californian day sprang
10

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

up at sunset The sky was a mass of
gorgeous hues, crimson banners merg-
ing into golden flame. Iu the far dis-
tance, Tamalpais caught the glow on
high, rocky crest; to the right, across the
bay, behind the little island reservation
for convicts, lay Alameda. As they
neared the Exposition Grounds, the sun
sank behind the river of molten flame,
the pathway through the Golden Gate.

  “Thank you for the pleasantest day
I’ve had in San Francisco.” Miss Salis-
bury offered him her gloved liand as
she was about to enter the lift in the
“Inside Inn.” “I simply can’t thank you
adequately. It’s just one of those days
one remembers. Your prescription is
the nicest one I’ve ever taken/’

   “I trust you’ll feel like repeating the
dose—with variations. Ill call you up
to find out how you are feeling in the
morning, if I may."

  Doctor Fuller, cigar in mouth, walked
the short distance to the Art Palace and
again stood on the spot where he had
first seen Miss Salisbury. He had not
told her the whole truth regarding the
conversation he had had with the chief
of police. The man they held in custody
was a well-known crook, long under sus-
picion as a cadet in the white-slave traf-
fic, but always managing to escape ar-
rest by the adroitness of his methods.

  “Now we’ve got him, we’ll do our best
to make him squeal, but if we don't suc-
ceed, there's scarcely a chance in a
hundred that we can get the other fel-
low. It’s the big man behind them both
that we want—the head of the gang. I
should advise Miss Salisbury, if she’s
waiting over here to join a party, to be
extremely careful as to her movements.
She’s evidently been marked down for
their prey, and if she’s as pretty as you
describe her, and without any relatives
to raise a fuss over her disappearance,
they won’t give her up without a fight.
Better warn her not to go about alone.
She can hire a plain-clothes man if she
hasn’t any other escort.”

  But Doctor Fuller had quietly detailed
himself for that duty. First procuring
a license to carry' a concealed weapon,
he had gone to a sporting-goods shop,
where he invested in a revolver of the
latest design. Slipping it, along with a
box of cartridges, into the pocket of his
motor-coat, he felt that the question of
Miss Salisbury's bodyguard was satis-
factorily settled, without worrying her
with the knowledge of the necessity for
such precautions. Had he known with
what powers he was contending, what
horrors lay in the following days for
him and the girl he sought to protect, he
would have accepted the chief's advice.

  Each of the following three mornings
Doctor Fuller called Miss Salisbury on
the telephone, and jokingly “prescribed”
a plan for the day which should give
her pleasure; and she, accepting the
“prescriptions” in the same spirit in
which they were offered, saw the won-
ders of the great Exposition, from the
gay amusements in the “Zone,” to her
own State Building far down at the
other end of the grounds; enjoying it
all with the companionship of a man
who wholeheartedly shared her pleasure
even while his hand was always in readi-
ness to dose around the weapon in his
pocket.

  Propinquity necessarily creates inter-
est between two sympathetically attuned
natures. Miss Salisbury was no excep-
tion, nor was Fuller, although he cursed
himself for proving such an easy victim
to a gir-1 who he had reason to believe
was pledged to another man. She found
that the wonders of sightseeing, the
beauty of the golden-toued Californian
scenery, took on a new aspect seen by
his side, and were made doubly interest-
ing by his clever mentality. Three days
of intimate companionship goes a long
way on that path which leads to the ex-
diange of personalities.

  On the fourth morning Miss Salis-
bury, fearing Fuller was becoming bored,
suggested sweetly: “I think I’ll go shop-
JACK ROWES

11

ping to-day. I’m going to look through
some of those fascinating Oriental
places where they sell Chinese goods.
You’ve been so kind in taking me about,
I feel you need a change, a real vaca-
tion—”

  "If you’ll let me take you in the ma-
chine, it may save you time,” he sug-
gested hastily, “and it would be a great
favor to me also. I want to get a few
things to bring back to my sister in Los
Angeles, and as I haven't the faintest
idea of what would please her, I wish
you'd help me to select something.’'

  “Of course, I’ll be very glad if I can
be any help—" she conceded doubt-
fully.

  “You certainly can—of the utmost
And I’ll efface myselt whenever you
want to get rid ot me,” he added apolo-
getically. “You mustn't let me inter-
fere with your own shopping. Just let
me stay in the background.”

  “I really haven’t much to do except
buy some trifles, and look,” she con-
fessed. “I do love to look at pretty
things,” she ended, with a naively fem-
inine touch.

  And Fuller did not think it necessary
to acquaint her with the fact that he had
purposely created a sister to meet the
exigencies of the situation.

  As they wandered about in the big
shop among the Buddhas and grotesque-
ly carved ivory images, the heavy Gii-
nese embroideries and rare curios, all
smelling of that incense peculiar to the
Orient, Miss Salisbury paused by a ped-
estal supporting an immense bronze bowl
filled with water. It represented a minia-
ture lake; on the surface floated myriads
of water lotus, rose, white, blue, laven-
der, the exquisite blooms opening their
hearts of gold in dreamy, languorous
splendor. The girl lingered beside them
admiringly.

  “How wonderful!” she cried raptur-
ously. “I love these plants so. They’re
viy flower, you know. My father was
an English officer, and my mother met

him when she was traveling abroad. Af-
ter their marriage he was sent to India,
where I was born. But the Indian cli-
mate didn't agree with my mother, so a
couple of years afterwards he gave up
his commission and came to America.
Mother loved these flowers—they’re sa-
cred, you know—and they named me
Lotus because she was so fond of them.
It’s an odd name for a girl, isn’t it? But
1 like it because I love them, too, and
somehow it brings her very near to me.
She died when I was very small.”

  She bent over them, touching the pet-
als with tender finger-tips.

  “It’s a charming name, and one which
perfectly suggests your personality,”
said Fuller softly. “You resemble them
surprisingly, too That creamy white
one, with the pink-tipped petals, is ex-
actly like you. We have Lily and Rose
and Violet and Marguerite for feminine
names; why not Lotus also?”

  His voice held such a caressing inflec-
tion, she turned aside to hide the flush
in her cheeks. He certainly had a way
with him, this man, and she suddenly
wondered if he made himself as attract-
ive to all his feminine patients. Could
she have known some of the experiences
through which he had passed, her big
eyes would have lost their dreamy qual-
ity and something else would have dilated
them; but Fuller had learned the secret
of the successful professional man—the
discretion of silence.

  “Wouldn’t you like a cup of tea?” he
asked abruptly; for he fancied she was
looking rather white. “We could drive
over to Tate’s—”

  “That would be nice,” she acknowl-
edged. Then, catching sight of some
w'rought jade bracelets: “Oh, what
lovely coloring! 1 must get one of
those! That one’s exactly the tint of
Lake Thun in Switzerland. Don’t you
love these things ?”—she picked up a
carved sandalwood fan, delicately snif-
fing the spicy fragrance. “They make
me feel all the richness and splendor of
12

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

the far East—the real East—ihe East of
the statues in the Court of the Universe
—the camels and elephants and veiled
ladies and slant-eyed Orientals! The
land of mystery! Oh, I wish I could go
through Chinatowrt before I leave San
Francisco! Fm dying to see the quaint
houses, and the funny little Chinese
babies, and the opium-smokers! Could
I go there? Would it be safe, do you

think r

   He smiled indulgently at her enthusi-
asm. “It’s safe enough to visit the
places where visitors are generally ad-
mitted/’ he conceded. “I’ve never been
through there myself, but I know it’s
vastly interesting. We can get a guide
to show us about some day—”

  “Your pardon, sir,” the Chinaman
who was waiting upon them with the pa-
tient immobility of his race ventured to
interrupt deferentially; “but if you de-
sire a guide through Chinatown, the best
way to arrange for the trip is to engage
one of the men employed in this shop.
They are all thoroughly reliable, and it
is safer to hire a courier who comes with
the best recommendations. The man-
ager of this shop makes a specialty of
that as an advertisement for his patrons.
I am myself one of his most valued
men.” His head tilted back with con-
scious pride.

  “That might be a good idea." sug-
gested Lotus, appealing to Fuller. “We
couldn’t venture down there all alone,
without danger of getting lost, could we?
This man could show us a lot of places
we’d like to see but shouldn’t know
about ourselves. What do you think?”

   "I certainly shouldn't attempt to go
about Chinatown with you alone,” said
Fuller emphatically. “I’ll inquire about
their parties at the office. This is one of
the best shops in town, and their em-
ployees ought to be reliable. If you’ll
excuse me an instant, I’ll go up and see
the manager.”

  He left Lotus tom between the lure
of a violet kimono embroidered in trail-

ing purple wistaria vines and an oyster-
gray one decorated in snowy cherry-blos-
soms.

  Satisfied with the information re-
ceived from the affably polite Oriental
who was head of the firm. Fuller re-
turned to Miss Salisbury.

  “It’s all right? I’m so glad! Could
we go now?” she queried enthusiastic-
ally.

  “You’d best have that cup of tea first,”
returned Fuller. “You want to be forti-
fied, for it’s quite a trip. We’ll put it
off to another day, if you prefer. No?”
—as she shook her head. “You’re sure
you’re not tired? Then we might dine
at some restaurant down there and spend
the evening exploring, I think. Do you
like chop-suey?”

  “Must I eat it with chop-sticks? And
will they serve Sodcu?” she asked, laugh-
ing. “But I forgot! Being a physician,
you probably don’t approve of Sodeu.”

  “Not for a regular beverage; but
when he’s off on a real vacation even a
doctor can loosen up occasionally,” he
retorted. “Shall we drive over to Tate's
first? We can meet this man there in
half an hour and take him along with
us ”

  Covered with smiles and bowing re-
peatedly as he escorted them out. Sing
Wing, which he apologetically informed
them was his cognomen, placed their
various purchases in the machine.

  “Which kimono did you decide on?”
inquired Fuller idly, as he threw in the
clutch and the car started off. He pri-
vately hoped she had chosen the violet.

  “Both!” She sighed ecstatically. “I
simply couldn’t make up my mind be-
tween them, so I told him to wrap them
up together. Which did you prefer?
Do you think I’m wickedly extrava-
gant.'' ’ as she caught the amused twinkle
in his eye. “I just couldn’t resist them,
and they’ll be useful—later.”

  The very slight hesitation suggested
an unpleasant possibility.

  ‘ She’s buying her trousseau,” mut-
JACK ROWES

13

tered Fuller savagely, “and asking my
opinion, thinking that, as I’m a man, my
choice might also be that of her fiance.
She can't use me that way!”

  Aloud, he replied so disinterestedly
that Lotus looked at him in sudden sur-
prise: “They’re both very pretty,, of
course, but I fancy blue might be more
becoming to you than either. Men are
always fond of blue, you know.”

  “Oh!” The exclamation was linger-
ingly prolonged. “I thought you liked
them both.” Her evident disappoint-
ment pleased him. “And, besides, I
can't wear any other colors—yet, you
know. I—I’m still wearing mourning.”
Her voice dropped, and it held the
suspicion of tears.

  “You won’t after you are married, will
you?”

  He looked carefully ahead, avoiding
her eye as he skilfully guided the car
in and out of the traffic.

  “Married!”

  It was such a low murmur the noises
of the crowded thoroughfare drowned
it before it could reach his ear. With
fast-beating heart, Lotus sat silent, her
creamy skin tinged with rose. What
did he mean? Was he—was he becom-
ing—personal? Half frightened at her
own sensations, she sat motionless, her
hands nervously clenched in her lap.
Fuller, thinking she did not care to an-
swer his thrust, kept his own silence
until, wheeling up to Tate’s, he carefully
helped her out and piloted her through
the luncheon-room to the elevator. On
the next floor they were shown to one
of the small tables running along the
sides of the long room. The centre of
the hall was cleared for dancing, and
in a balcony at one end musicians lilted
forth the rhythmic strains of the latest
musical-comedy hits.

  “Isn’t it charming!” Lotus' gaze
swept the shimmering blue and green
walls, done in the gorgeous hues of nat-
ural peacock-feathers, jeweled stones,
set in the place of the “eyes,” casting a

glittering barbarity of opalescent color
as the concealed electric lighting struck
them from every angle.

  “I hoped you’d like it.” Fuller,
ashamed of his burst of ill temper, or-
dered an elaborate tea. then exerted him-
self to atone. It was his misfortune, not
her fault, that another man had shown
his good taste before Fuller had had an
opportunity to meet her himself.

  The girl, warmed into renewed life
by the artistic charm of the unique cafe,
the excellent Orange Pekoe tea, and the
appetizing little sandwiches and pastries,
lost her sudden sense of shyness and met
him more than half way. Whether the
tea a la Russe went to his head or the
new, dreamily softened velvet of her
glance had that same effect, Fuller as-
tonished himself by leaning forward as
the orchestra began a seductive waltz,
and asking:

  “Do you dance, Miss Salisbury?”

 “I haven’t—not since—for some
months—” Then something in his eyes
compelled her to add hastily: “But I
adore it. I—I’d like to try it—if you
care to.”

  He did; but not until they were half
through the dance did he acknowledge
to himself that his sudden passion for
waltzing had been due to his overwhelm-
ing desire to hold this woman in his
arms, to feel her light suppleness melt
against his heart as he swung and turned
and vibrated in perfect harmony to the
rhythm of the heavily-accented melody.
She had gotten into his very blood, this
Lotus bloom from the East, and had her
fiance appeared to claim her at that
moment, he would have faced a half-
savage man roused to the pitch of mad-
ness to fight for his mate, the girl who
had set fire to his hitherto surfeited
pulses.

  Something of his exultation may have
communicated itself to Lotus, for. the
dance ended, she carefully avoided his
eyes as she seated herself again at the
table; nor would she dance again, al-
14

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

though a new tune was beating out a
temptingly insistent invitation.

  “We’d better be starting for China-
town, don’t you think?" she suggested
evasively to his query of whether she
were tired.

   Downstairs, the blandly-smiling China-
man, now attired in conventional Euro-
pean fashion, was waiting for them,
They piaced him on the far side of the
roomy seat, Lotus next to Fuller. Thus
they drove to that eastern portion of
the city known as Chinatown, into whose
inner mysteries even the police of Fris-
co never venture unless in an armed
squad.

  “I would suggest you leave your ma-
chine here, sir,” Sing Wing smilingly
informed Fuller, “while we walk about
among the shops.”

   “I’ve heard,” said Lotus, with a side-
long glance at Fuller, “that there are a
lot of subterranean passages hollowed
out beneath here and running for miles
under the earth. I’d like to see what
one of those is like, if—if it’s all right
for us to go there.”

  Wing’s face became a blank, and Ful-
ler shot her a warning glance.

  "Nobody is supposed to know' about
these things.” he admonished in a rapid
whisper. “The Chinese guard those se-
crets with their lives. You can’t pos-
sibly—”

  “Oh, yes, I understand what it is the
young lady wishes to see/’ Wing inter-
rupted mildly. “It is our theatre of
which she has heard. That entrance is,
indeed, underground. The evening per-
formance is the best. I think you would
enjoy it better after dinner. We will
first go through the places where the
opium-dens used to be before the law
compelled them to be closed. Of course,
you know' that it is against the law for
any one to sell or smoke opium now. It
is a special privilege that I am allowed

to take you where they used to be_

something the ordinary tourist never
secs.”

  *rYou keep them as a sort of show-
place Y' hazarded Fuller.

  “But that’s not what I want to see.”
Lotus’ full, ripe lips pouted. ‘ I want to
go where they don’t expect sightseers,
where they won’t all be dressed up in
readiness to make an effective impres-
sion. I want to see the real underground
Chinese life and homes and people—”
“You can’t,” said Fuller decisively.
“That's impossible. That’s something
even the police do not meddle with.
You’re seeing all that Europeans are al-
lowed to. We'll go to see where the
opium dens used to be, then dine a: a
Chinese restaurant, and end up by at-
tending a performance at their theatre.
That will be quite enough for one day.”
Secretly admiring Fuller’s firmness,
Lotus meekly followed Sing Wing,
amused and entertained by the queer,
narrow streets with the atmosphere and
scents so suggestive of an alien race, the
odd sights, and the sounds of natives
conversing in their guttural language.

  At a low door with a swinging lantern
painted in hieroglyphics beside it, Wing
knocked in a peculiar manner. A coolie
opened the door, and they passed into a
narrow passageway, Wing leading them
into a small room in the back of the
house, where there were bunk-like
berths arranged about the walls, and
long, slender pipes on braziers, waiting
for the opium-sleepers who would not
come again.

  The close, peculiarly narcotic atmos-
phere made Lotus gasp. She clung to
Fuller’s arm as Sing W ing explained the
simple process which constitutes the
opium-fiend’s paradise.

   This is the bunk formerly occupied
by the white woman who was called the
‘Queen of Chinatown,’” said Wing
proudly, “She is very beautiful, that
woman, but she no longer smokes here.
I>ut that men may know this was her
couch, tlie royal coat she wore has been
left here.”

  With reverent fingers he pointed to a
JACK ROWES

15

magnificent, mandarin’s coat of barbaric
richness. The groundwork was of yellow
satin—the Chinese color of royalty—and
it was a mass of heavily embroidered
dragons’ bodies, the eyes emeralds and
rubies which winked up with baneful
glare. Lotus caught her breath.

  “Oh, if I could only find a coat like
that!” she breathed ecstatically. ‘T’ve
always wanted a mandarin’s coat for an
evening-wrap—”

  "You wish to buy?” Sing Wing, ever
anxious to please, had understood her
whisper. "There is a shop near here
where a friend of mine, who imports for
the wealthiest class of Chinese, has man-
darins’ coats of the choicest. Would you
care to visit it?”

  "I should like it very much. It is not
one of those places just fixed up for
show ?’*

  Wing shook his head. "It is the be-
ginning of the native quarter—the lo-
cality where wealthy Chinese gentlemen
have their homes,” he explained, as Ful-
ler looked his keen inquiry. “But it is
quite safe for you to go there—with
me,” he added. “I can take you there
before you dine at the restaurant.”

  Lotus’ pleasure gleamed in her large,
dark eyes. Fuller, satisfied, nodded, and
the three passed out of the stiflingly
close den into the passageway, then up
to the open air, where they threaded nar-
row streets peopled with soft-footed Chi-
nese. Tiny shops crowded with odd
wares peeped out at them unexpectedly.
Fuller, with Sing Wing, stopped for an
instant to gaze through a window filled
with Oriental weapons of unique design,
glistening steel blades set in weird, sil-
ver-encrusted handles.

  Wing drew his attention to a peculiar
dirk, beginning a voluble explanation of
the characters engraved on its surface.
Lotus, just in front of them, turned the
corner of the small passageway down
which they were to take a short cut to
the next street. Fuller, sensing she
had gone on while they lingered, and

anxious not to lose sight of her, hurried
after.

  As he and Sing Wing turned the cor-
ner, a long, narrow alley stretched out
before them. It was quite deserted. Lotus
had disappeared as completely as though
the earth had opened and swallowed her
up.

Ill

  With a swift glance which swept the
bare walls painted in Chinese characters,
extolling the shop’s importations, Fuller
noted that no door broke its space. One
step carried him back to the street, but
no graceful, black-gowned figure lingered
at the shop-windows.

  Murder in his heart, an oath on his
lips, Fuller turned to Wing.

  "Damn you! Where is she? W'here
has she gone ?”

  He grasped the Chinaman’s arm with
fingers of iron as his right hand intui-
tively sought the chill weight which
sagged in his pocket. Wing, though he
must have realized that death was very
near in that instant, met the black wrath
in Fuller's face with the bland immo-
bility of the native Oriental.

  “Where has she gone?’’ he repeated
calmly. "I don’t know. I didn’t see her.
I was standing behind you, looking at
those small swords.”

  One step forward and Fuller’s loaded
revolver pressed against Sing Wing's
yellow temple. They were well around
the corner in the alley in which Lotus
had disappeared, and apparently none of
the pedestrians in the narrow street be-
hind had noticed the unusual tableau.

  "Answer me—the truth !” Fuller’s
tones shook with rage and anxiety. Then
as a faint, sweet odor drifted to his
nostrils on some wandering current of
air: "My God! What's that? Chloro-
form! Where does that come from?
What has become of her? You’re re-
sponsible for her safety, and, by God!
if she comes to any harm, you’ll pay for
it!”
1C

THE DRAGON'S CLAW

  With a swift movement he grasped
Wing’s collar. Even with the cold bar-
rel against his oily skin, Sing \\ ing s
features did not flinch.

  “No one can hold me responsible for
anything which may happen to one or
my party when he or she goes off alone
and leaves me," said Wing slowly. “And
I wouldn’t fire off that gun if I were
you, sir. I’ve a lot of friends in this
neighborhood—we’re in the native quar-
ter—and the Chinese are not fond of you
foreign devils. If you shoot, I won’t
answer for your life. And that would
not help to bring Miss Salisbury back
to you.”

  Fuller lowered the revolver, still hold-
ing Wing firmly. The latter made no
attempt to break away, but stood regard-
ing his captor stolidly.

  “Miss Salisbury! How did you know
her name?” demanded Fuller harshly.

  For an instant a gleam shot through
Wing’s beady eyes, gone almost before
it revealed itself.

  “That was the name on the packages,
sir.”

  “But we took the packages along in
the machine! There was no address on
them.”

  “No. sir, not on those; but she had
other goods sent to her hotel.”

  Fuller regarded Wing for an instant,
then, hauling the Chinaman along, he
plunged down the alley. It led for half
a block through walls covered with
crudely-colored advertisements, then sud-
denly opened out into another street run-
ning parallel to the one they had left, and
much like it in character.

  “Where’s the policeman on this beat?”
His voice so dry he could scarcely articu-
late, Fuller held Wing by his burning
glance.

  “No policeman here.” The Chinese
shook his head. “They come here—two
together—once every evening. Every
one knows when they are coming.
Everything is quiet here then.” He
showed his teeth for a moment.

 “Show me the quickest way to the
nearest one around here!” commanded
Fuller savagely.

  But it was a good half-hour between
Lotus' disappearance and the time they
succeeded in finding a policeman. He
listened to Fuller’s hurried story in si-
lence, whistled for a brother officer, and
when he appeared they both accompanied
Fuller and Wing back to the comer
where Lotus had mysteriously vanished.

  At a whispered word from the first
officer, handcuffs were slipped on Sing
Wing before the Oriental could protest,
and, leaving him locked securely to the
burly guardian, Fuller drew the other
officer aside.

  “I’ve reason to believe Miss Salisbury'
has not wandered away by herself, as
Wing suggests. This is no accidental
case of getting lost,” said Fuller sternly,
a white line appearing about his clear-
cut mouth. “An attempt was made on
her by white-slavers only four days ago.
I happened to be on hand when they were
carrying her away, and prevented them
from accomplishing it. But Chief O’Con-
nell warned me they might make another
attempt, and not to allow her to go out
anywhere unaccompanied. I’ve been
with her constantly ever since.” He
ended with a groan.

  Haggerty was sympathetic in spite of
his long service on the force. He went
over the wall, carefully sounding the
stucco-work over the bricks, but the solid
masonry gave forth no trace of hollow
spaces.

  He shook his head doubtfully. “It’s
one o’ them mystery cases we can’t ferret
out,” he confessed. “If it’s any comfort
to ye, I’ll tell yer in confidence that in
this last month three young girls have
disappeared not far from this very spot.
They’ve never been heard from, although
we’ve turned this part of the Chinks’
town upside-down. It’s me own belief
there’s a secret passage somewhere here-
abouts leading down into the first tier
of underground passages. I suppose you
TACK ROWES

17

know Chinatown’s built more down un-
der the earth than on top, don’t ye?”

  Fuller, sick at heart, impotent to do
anything but listen, nodded impatiently.

  “Well, there's six tiers that we know
about, one built right on top of the other,
but how many more holes below and
what deviltry goes on down there in the
lowest depths we never even try to guess.
We know there’s every kind of vice the
brain of the foreign divils can think up,
and the slave traffic isn’t wholly confined
to their own race. There’s many a young
white girl down there that’s come from
a good home up on top of God's earth,
but once them Highbinders gets hold of
them, it's the end. When they’re—fin-
ished—they bury ’em down there.
’Course I’m not sayin’,” he hastened to
add, as he noted the abject misery in
Fuller’s face, “that that’s what’s hap-
pened to Miss Salisbury; but it looks
mighty suspicious considerin’ she’s had
it tried on her before. Them Highbind-
ers never risk kidnapin’ any girl until
they’ve got a line on her, and they’re al-
ways careful to pick out one that hasn't
any relatives near to kick up a row over
her disappearance. She must look
mighty fine to 'em—the bastes!” He
spat venomously at the wall.

  Fuller felt the world reeling about him.
It was his fault, entirely due to his own
momentary interest in Wing’s explana-
tion regarding the dirk, that he had lost
sight of Lotus for an instant. Black
rage against himself in his heart, he im-
potently clenched his hands until the nails
entered the palms. Haggerty, his big
Irish heart stirring with pity, offered the
only suggestion he could think of.

  “Why don’t you get the chief to give
you a permit, sor, and take some friends
and a couple of us in plain clothes along
with you and search through all the
houses in this neighborhood? It's the
only way to get a trace of her if she’s
locked up. You could pass yourself off
as one o’ them young bloods—beggin' yer
pardon, sor—who comes here when they

feels like goin’ off on a spree that’s a bit
out o’ the ordinary—you know I You'd
be surprised to know how many of the
richest fellers comes here for that pur-
pose, sor. Haven’t ye got no friends
here who could take ye about as though
they was showin' ye a good time?”

  Fuller pondered. He had many ac-
quaintances in the city, but no friend
close enough to take into his confidence
in regard to Lotus. Haggerty’s keen
eyes searched the young doctor's set,
stern features anxiously.

  “No friend who knows th' ropes down
here?” he probed hopefully. “A man
like ye must know some one who could
take ye off on a bat!”

  With the echo of the phrase, the keen,
caustic features of Ralph Donaldson,
boyish schoolmate and now star reporter
on one of Frisco’s leading newspapers,
rose up before him, the light of a former
good fellowship in his smiling gray eyes.

 “The very man! Do you know
Donaldson of the Argus?” Fuller asked
hurriedly.

  “Sure I do. Every man on the force
knows him. He’s a member of the
secret reserve police himself. Ye know
him? Glory to God! There’s th’ man
fer ye. Call him up as fast as iver ye
can. We’d better be goin’, sor;” for
Fuller, loath to leave the spot, lingered
vainly. “Ye’ll niver find her this way.
If it’s as we think, some divil has her
safe in his hole by this time. The sooner
ye get hold of Donaldson, the sooner
ye’ll be likely to find her.”

  But as Haggerty moved off with Ful-
ler to where Wing and the other officer
awaited them, he muttered to himself:
“Poor divil! Sure, one can see with half
an eye he’s clean daffy about her. Small
good will it do him! He’ll niver set
eyes on her again. Them hastes’ll do
fer her, sure enough! But he’ll likely
go crazy off his nut if he don’t get lively
huntin’ fer her. He’s the look in his
eyes of a madman a'ready. We’ll go
along with him to keep him in hand
18

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

when he finds out the truth and loses
his head. Poor little girl! I niver seen
one o’ them get out o’ here alive yet!”

IV

 All this time,-had Fuller and Hag-
gerty been able to peer through the
ground below them, they would have
seen Lotus Salisbury lying in a tiny
room until the fumes of the chloroform
which had saturated the cloth about her
mouth should have worn off sufficiently
for her to be brought before her future
owner and master, Chin Ling Wu, the
"Boss” of decadent Chinatown, trafficker
in souls, master of destinies, the dragon
of the underworld.

  A withered, clawlike hand noiselessly
opened the door, and a stooping Chinese
hag, in whose crackling parchment skin
the fingers of depravity had creased
cavernous wrinkles, slipped in silently,
standing above Lotus Salisbury and star-
ing down at the creamy, pale features.
The reddish golden hair puzzled her.
With curious, prying talons she stealtliily
lifted the girl’s hat.

 Lotus opened her eyes. The next in-
stant her shrill scream rang through the
room. The hag smiled at her, a facial
contortion so horrible that Lotus covered
her eyes; then, forcing herself with a
strong effort of will to open them, she
looked about her. She saw the gaudily-
decorated walls of a tiny room hung in
pictured rice-paper, writhing dragons
crawling in serpentine convolutions
across its golden surface. Over in one
corner a squat, grotesquely-carved Chi-
nese god glowered in diabolical ugliness.
Rich silken Shantungs covered with
masses of gorgeous embroideries con-
cealed the low ceiling; on a teakwood
tabouret a slender pipe lay in readiness
to woo soothing dreams of the poppy.
I he heavy odors of strange spices, the
smell of joss-sticks smouldering before
the idol, all mingled to produce that other
odor peculiar to Oriental life and cus-
toms, which, to Occidentals, is too sug-

gestive to be agreeable. There were no
windows, the only ventilation being the
open door.

  "Missee wakee? Likee diinkr5*

  Reiterated gesticulation convinced
Lotus the creature was suggesting food
and drink. She shook her head decid-
edly, then unsteadily rose to her feet.
She would take no nourishment in this
place lest the food be drugged.

  With surprising celerity, the old
woman reached the door and passed out,
shutting it after her and shooting the bolt
on the outside before Lotus could follow.
There was a small aperture covered with
an iron grating, through which the girl
peered, but only a narrow passageway
met her view.

  Summoning all her strength, Lotus
shrieked aloud, but only the vibration of
her own call answered her. She shook
the barred grating furiously, but it re-
sisted all her efforts. Many girlish
hands had pitted their puny strength
against its iron immutability.

  Lotus looked about her in frantic
search of some other way of escape,
mounting on top of the luxurious, pil-
low-smothered couch to examine the
ceiling, but the hangings covered only a
painted wall. The room was simply a
box, the door the only exit. An antique
Chinese temple - lantern of wrought
bronze was suspended from the centre of
the ceiling, wicks floating in perfumed
oil supplying the dim light. Daylight
never penetrated to that cavern., and
Lotus, suddenly remembering that she
wore her watch, looked at the small time-
piece. The hands stood at eight.

  Eight o’clock! She should now be
seated opposite Doctor Fuller in some
fascinating little Chinese restaurant,
drinking his health in Sodeu, the native
wine of the country. What had become
of him? How had he allowed such a
thing as this to happen to her? Some-
thing told her he would have defended
her with his life had he known that dan-
ger threatened. Had he also been at-
JACK ROWES

19

tacked, perhaps killed? She shuddered,
pressing her hands before her eyes. Not
that! Anything but that! He was so
fine, so tender, so brave—

  “Plitty tlings niakee lithle Chinee.”

  It was Ah Loo, her arms piled high
with varicolored silks and trailing sashes.
Behind her, ranged silently against the
walls, were five sturdy Chinese women
of low caste. A chill passed over Lotus
even as she resolutely shook her head at
Ah Loo.

  “I won't change into those things, if
that’s what you want,” she said steadily.

  Ah Loo flung up her hands. Before
Lotus could resist, two women had
passed behind her, each catching a hand;
two others, with movements so swift she
could only gasp her outraged astonish-
ment, tripped her up and laid her flat on
the ground, holding her down effectively
while Ah Loo and the fifth woman
searched for the invisible fastenings
holding the outlandish clothing of the
female foreign devil.

  The moments which followed were
ages of agony to the sensitive, refined,
highly-strung Lotus. Helpless as a little
child in th?ir hands, she lay at their
mercy; slow, scorching tears welling
from her closed eyes as she realized
her impotence, the full bitterness of her
absolute subjection.

  After what seemed hours, the fumbling,
clumsy fingers solved the secrets of her
gown, and drew it off. The dainty lin-
gerie beneath proved an easier matter.
An occasional grunt of condemnation or
approval belied the stolidity of their ex-
pression. Lotus was beginning to under-
stand that the outward calm of the Ori-
ental race is a mask to conceal, rather
than express, their governing emotions.

  Eyes closed, abandoned to their min-
istrations, Lotus finally felt the caressing
softness of silken folds slipping about
her; another instant, and they stood back
about the walls, exchanging interested
criticisms regarding the success of their
labors.

  “You domee ’long now,’* coaxed Ah
Loo, evidently the only one who dared
attempt English. “Mathler say we
makee you clom damn click!”

  Lotus sat up, dazedly putting her hand
to her head. They had taken down her
hair, and over the blue satin of her
gorgeous wrap it shimmered like bur-
nished gold. The women pointed at it,
chattering like magpies. The hubbub
made her head swim, but she voiced one
last defiance:

  “I shall obey no orders issued by your
master! I shall ?tot go to his—whatever
it is he expects me to go to. He can kill
me if he chooses—I wish he would!”
With a little moan, she buried her face
in her hands.

  A word from Ah Loo, and before
Lotus realized how they had accom-
plished it she was raised from the floor,
hoisted in their arms, and being carried,
helpless as a baby, out of the room,
down the corridor, and through the bar-
red iron door at the end into another
winding passage, dark, noisome and
smelling of dank earth. All along this
second passage tiny, grated windows ap-
peared at intervals in the walls, small,
white blots, like pieces of paper, tacked
up beside them. Behind the apertures
a dim light glimmered, but not sufficiently
strong for Lotus to glimpse the interior
of the dens. She shook with a nameless
fear; what unspeakable things might not
be concealed in their depths! And she,
Lotus Salisbury—to what scenes of
degradation was she about to be exposed ?
Her very skin crawled with horror be-
neath the gossamer-soft, satin covering.
It was a magnificent wrap in which they
had clothed her, just such a marvelously
embroidered, mandarin’s coat as that for
which she had expressed a desire only
that same afternoon. It was hers now,
but at what a cost!

  A sudden halt, and Lotus saw they
were in front of a step-ladder rising
straight up to the low ceiling. One of
the women mounted, pushing up a trap-
20

THE DRAGON'S CLAW

door hardly perceivable in the gloom.
Throwing it up to its entire width, she
leaned down, caught Lotus’ hands, and,
with the help of the other women, raised
her from one step to another until at last
her head appeared above the open space
and she was jostled through. The women
scrambled after her, closed the trap-
door. and, catching her up again, con-
tinued their shambling progress through
a cellar until they came to a narrow
staircase. They mounted in shuffling si-
lence. their padded feet making a curious
thudding vibration on the wooden treads.

  At the top of the staircase a barred
and bolted door stopped them. Ah Loo
rapped cautiously, giving an unintelligible
answer to a muffled voice from the out-
side. The door was thrown wide, re-
vealing to Lotus’ astonished gaze the
luxurious interior of a home belonging
to a Chinese gentleman of the wealthiest
class.

  In one moment she had been trans-
ported from the murky dreariness of an
underground prison to the richness of a
miniature palace. The rooms through
which they passed, though small, were
crowded with unique curios and price-
less articles of vertu, which, even to
Lotus’ inexperience, suggested the re-
sources of an Aladdin. The dark polish
of the bronzes, the superbly embroidered
teakwood screens, the cunningly executed
tapestried walls, done in infinitesimal
silken stitches and representing Chinese
landscapes—the temples, the rivers, the
great walls of the sacred city itself—
all limned their details on her vision, al-
though she had small interest in anything
at the time save the figure of Chin Ling
\\ u seated, cross-legged, on a raised dais
in one comer of the room. In the dis-
tance he looked like a Chinese god, his
only sign of life the glint of his jetty
>ead eyes as the women entered, bear-
ing Lotus in their midst.

   Carefully setting her down on the
  ground before him. they kowtowed in
  unison. Chin Ling Wu raised his hand.

and the women actually seemed to fade
away, so noiselessly did they retreat,
Lotus, intent only on this man facing her,
did not notice their withdrawal, nor that
the heavy screens taking the place of
doors had been pushed back into place.

V

  Chin Ling Wu eyed her serenely, his
gaze including every detail of her attire,
from the glories of her unbound hair to
the small Chinese slippers incasing her
feet. His scrutiny lingered, criticised,
annotated, seeming to pierce beneath the
flimsy covering to every curve, every
luscious line of grace, of her exquisitely
modeled figure. A scarlet flood mounted
to her cheeks. This cold-blooded ap-
praisal of her person was an insult un-
der which her very soul revolted. She
threw up her head, and, clutching the
sheer fabric about her, silently showed
her unutterable contempt by turning her
back upon him.

  For some moments the stillness of
the room was unbroken. Her nerves
strained to the breaking-point: for inac-
tion, in times of crises, is deadly. Lotus
felt that in another secor. 1 she would
shriek aloud. The sound c Wu’s meas-
ured tones relieved the t-. isicn. He
spoke in perfect English, t'.e only sug-
gestion of a foreign tongue being a slight
difficulty with the letter r.

  "My servant tells me you refuse our
native dishes. That is unwise. Hysteria
and tears are also natural enemies to
your most powerful assets, youth and
beauty, which are to be valued as divine
gifts, Miss Salisbury. This is the la-^t
time you will ever hear that name uttered
by human lips. Your own name of Lotus
Blossom, in our tongue, is the name by
which you will be known.”

  “You know my name?” Surprise tore
the query from Lotus.

  He bowed complaisantly. “And much
more—your history, your age, your ac-
complishments, yotir disposition. I
would the last were more femininely
JACK ROWES

21

yielding, with more adaptability than you
are displaying, but that will come later.
Those who will not bow to the stress of
circumstances must break."

  Lotus shrank back.

  “Those who are clever quickly adapt
themselves to strange surroundings, es-
pecially the very young," he went on.'
“I would that you were only fifteen.
Still, your beauty has matured and will
increase when lapped in the luxury with
which we surround our high-caste
women. Come. I will ring for fresh
chop-suey and cumquats, and afterwards
I myself will teach you the secrets of the
poppy-fields. You know not the delights
erf its dreams. There is no other earthly
sensation to which it can be compared.
I, who have known them all, say this!
Y'ou shall taste the blisses of the celestial
heights. Waking, you shall sway the
destinies of men ; sleeping, you shall float,
disembodied, in that ethereal paradise
whence you will return only for the ful-
filment of your own destiny. Come,
drink with me to your future in our
native Sodeu, of which this is a rare, im-
perial brand."

  He lifted a small, round cup of an-
tique chinaware, pouring into it a liquid
from one of the fat little jugs, and, in-
clining his yellow, bald head, offered it
to Lotus.

  “I will not drink! You drugged me
before." Her big, dark eyes, languor-
ous no longer, flared desperately. “I be-
lieve it was you who ;.:.d that attack
made on me four days ago, although the
men were not Chinese!"

  Chin Ling Wu's bland features relaxed
into a smile.

  “You show decided pentration, O
Lotus Bloom! I had seen you at the
Exposition, surrounded by your party of
hideous, middled-aged Americans. In
their midst your unusual loveliness
glowed like a flower. That which I
covet I take steps to acquire, and the
weapons in my power permit me to carry
out my desires. I had looked you up,

that there might be no miscarriage in my
plans. 1 found you were alone, travel-
ing with a tourists’ party. I gave orders
to American servants whom I often em-
ploy, lest suspicion fall on my race, that
you should be brought here. That at-
tempt failed, as you know. I then placed
one of my own most trusted servants in
the employ of a friend of mine who keeps
a shop especially interesting for tourists,
knowing that some time you would in-
evitably visit it. Had you not done so,
I should still have found other means
to get you. That was only one of my
‘plants/ as you call it in the English lan-
guage. It was my servant who decoyed
you into visiting this locality. He also
took up the attention of that meddling
young fool of a doctor from Los Angeles,
who prevented my plans from being suc-
cessfully carried out the first time. He
cannot, however, interfere again."

  Lotus shivered. He could mean but
one thing, for, had Fuller been living, he
would not have rested until he had found
her. For a moment the world went
black.

  The next she knew she felt Chin Ling
Wu’s touch on her arm as he held the
wine-cup to her lips. With a furious
gesture she dashed it away. The price-
less china fell on the rug, spilling the
contents. Her spirit knew no cow-
ardice. but her flesh cringed as she
caught the expression in his lashless,
beady eyes.

  “I will not drink!” she panted fear-
lessly. “I will eat nothing in this place.
You’ve drugged me twice—you’d do it
again. I’ll starve to death first! I'd
far rather die than live the life you’re
trying to force upon me! Death isn't
so much to be feared as a life of tor-
ture !’’

  Something akin to admiration showed
in his eyes even as he spread his hands
apart in a gesture of disavowal.

  “But you do not understand. The
future before you is brilliant. You will
be the most honored guest in the house-
22

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

hold of the most powerful mandarin
within the walls of Pekin."

  "Pekin! My God! Are you planning
to send me to Pekin ?”

  "As a most particular favor. I was
sure you could not* understand the great
honors which are in store for you." He
beamed unctuously, his oily skin glisten-
ing in the close atmosphere. "When I
first saw you I knew you to be the
woman Lu Tung had ordered me to bring
him from America. He has set his heart
on just such a face and figure, such
wonderful coloring, as yours. You are
unique. You were born to wear the im-
perial yellow, if only as the favorite in
the august palace of Lu Tung. He is a
great artist in every line which the world
has to offer of its best! You Americans
know not the meaning of the word
‘civilization.’ Our own dates back to
long before the days of Confucius, many
centuries before the Christian era. You
are but children; we are the adult race.
You shall see the wonders of our great
cities. You shall have servants by the
score to wait upon you. You will not
even be permitted to cross the room
without attendants. Under Lu Tung’s
teaching, you will learn the hundre \ de-
lights which are yet to you a closed door.
For you he will give many hundred tael
if you prove to be as beautiful as I be-
lieve. Up above, in the world of human
civilization, ‘modesty’ is a word to be
reverenced; down here, hidden in the
secret bowels of the earth, it is super-
fluous. This is no time for an exhibi-
tion of crude, hysterical modesty. It is
a question concerning only the worth of
your intrinsic value in my opinion: how
many tael I may ask for you of the rich-
est mandarin in Pekin. You may be
worth much—you promise well—but
often one finds some crudity of confor-
mation, some defect which discredits ex-
perienced judgment. Throw off your
garments, O Lotus Bloom, and turn
slowly about.”

Whirling around, Lotus faced him. the

robe clutched about her, her great, dark
eyes blazing insanely. Her voice, when
she conquered it, shook with passionate
wrath:

  “You have a different woman to deal
with, O Chin Ling Wu, from any of
those unfortunate, tame-spirited victims
with whom you have hitherto dealt! I
refuse to defile my own self-respect by
obeying you. I’m not afraid to die. But
you’ll find you can't break me unless you
kill me. Either give me death or set me
free!”

  She flung out her bare arms in a superb
gesture, her courage restored now that
the crisis was at hand. An odd, guttural
grunt from Wu answered her.

  “You talk nonsense.” He clicked out
the words curtly. “Do you think I’m
fool enough to turn you loose with the
knowledge of the secrets of my house-
hold which you possess? As to death,
I never destroy valuable property. You’re
not the only girl who has tried to defy
me. Many have been quite as trouble-
some as you. Do you know what has
become of them? No? You cannot
guess? As you passed through the sec-
ond corridor on your way to the trap-
door, you may have noticed some small
openings in the walls, with barred grat-
ings before them? Yes. But you could
not see within? Had you done so, you
would not have needed me to enlighten
you. In each cell lies a young girl as
good, as innocent, as foolishly preju-
diced against our honorable, ancient cus-
toms, as you yourself. And each of
those girls has passed my personal ap-
probation. On the outside of their cells
a small card bears their new name,
weight, physical condition, and points of
excellence, signed by the greatest au-
thority in Chinatown, Chin Ling Wu!
Each and every one of them was ex-
tremely annoying in the beginning.
Now, should you open their doors, you
would find most of them resigned to
their fate, already dreaming of the new
country which will be their future home
JACK ROWES

*23

as they breathe in the elysium of the
poppy-secd. Most of them are girls from
a class lower than your own—I do not
often attempt to remove a girl of inde-
pendent means. I should not have taken
you had I not been satisfied with the re-
sult of the inquiries I made. You are
the only one of the type Lu Tung com-
manded me to bring him which I am
satisfied to offer him. Yrou promise
much. But a successful business mer-
chant is content only with results. We
are alone, safe from intrusion. Should
you cry with all your strength to your
gods, no one would come to you. But
you would not be so foolish. This is my
private apartment, into which no one
ventures save at my command. In a
moment you will be at liberty to swathe
yourself in as many wraps as you desire.
Come, Lotus Bloom, show yourself for
what you are: an exquisite woman proud
of her own beauty, happy in the knowl-
edge that she is a living human treasure
above price.”

  Shaking with horror, Lotus glanced
rapidiy about the room. She could see
no possible way of escape. But over in
one comer a complete suit of antique
armor attracted her attention. The glove
of meshed mail held a short sword in its
clasp. With no other thought save its
possession, Lotus backed towards it. her
face turned innocently to Wu. Think-
ing she was choosing a spot as far dis-
tant from him as possible in which to
obey his orders, he made no move to
intercept her, but still sat cross-legged
on his dais.

  The soft jingle of the suit of mail
warned Lotus she had reached her ob-
ject. Stealthily she put out her hand,
hidden beneath the drooping sleeve of
her coat. A shudder passed over her as
she felt the hilt within her palm. Using
the other hand to aid her, she quietly
drew the weapon from the sheath, the
leather scabbard, from Wu's distant po-
sition, still appearing to be filled with the
steel blade. Exultation nerved her.

Here was a way of escape if the worst
threatened.

  “Patience is an admirable trait,” Chin
Ling Wu’s perfect English floated across
to her, ‘ but there are cases when it ceases
to be a virtue. I have no more time to
waste. Shall I call in my servants to
carry out the commands I have given
you? Obey me at once, or I shall be
forced to do so.”

  Lotus, her hand tightly clenched over
the weapon, flung back her answer be-
tween set teeth:

  “Never! I will not obey you! I am
not your slave! I will not desecrate my-
self in my own sight. I—”

  The sound of a Chinese gong vibrated,
metallically resonant. Chin Ling Wu
laid down the padded wand as Ah Loo
entered. Quick, guttural mutterings
passed between them, and she vanished.

  Anger at white heat gleamed from
Wu’s slits of eyes as he glared at Lotus.
Shaking with a nervous tremor, she
awaited her fate, her gold-crowned head
thrown bravely back, her trembling
fingers clasping the leathern hilt. And
Chin Ling Wu. keen analyst of feminine
moods, tried her with that most difficult
test of all—the test of profound, con-
tinued silence in which the Orientals are
adept. Not a breath disturbed that at-
mosphere of sinister voluptuousness. At
the end of five minutes it was only by a
supreme effort of will that Lotus held
herself erect.

  A sharp cry involuntarily escaped her
as the heavy screens swung aside. Into
the room a crowd of women poured, all
in native costume, but the features of
eight young girls were unmistakably
American: terror-stricken, resignedly
stolid, vividly alert, as their differing
temperaments expressed. 1 he attendant
native women stood back to guard the
screens, the girls grouped together in
the centre of the room. They looked
with frightened eyes at Lotus' defiant
attitude, not one daring to speak to her.

  “To see is to believe”—it was Wu’s
24

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

voice, and at its chill inflexibility the girl
shivered. “These are the girls of whom
I spoke. Each has been brought from
her cell below to prove my truth. Each
one was like yourself. Some, wiser than
others, obeyed me pothers, more foolish,
refused to bend. 1 broke them as I now
will break you. What follows you have
brought on yourself alone. This is the
discipline with which I punish disobe-
dience.”

  Enthroned on his dais like an emperor,
Wu uttered a string of orders to his na-
tive women. They moved towards Lotus
in stealthy unison. With a bound, she
sprang in among the young white girls.

  "Why don't you all do something?’’
she flung at their appalled inaction.
"We’rt all Americans—all of us! Are
you going to let this monster lock you
up forever without a fight? It's better
to die together now than to live on in
this creature’s power!”

  One of the women seized Lotus by
the shoulder, as another, grasping at her
loose coat, sought to tear it away. WTith
a gasp of rage, Lotus turned on them
like a beautiful furv.

  "Dont you dare touch me! . . . Did
they treat you all like this ?”

  She appealed to the girls. Some
nodded, others turned aside.

  ‘‘Oh, it’s shameful—shameful!” Lotus
cried, and then quite suddenly she lost
her head. For other slaves had crowded
upon her, bearing her down like a deer
surrounded by a pack of hounds. The
world whirled about her, the air turned
into a red mist. She struck, using the
short blade which she had concealed in
her sleeve.

  Squealing cries of astonishment, rage,
and pain brought her to herself. She
looked about like a person emerging
from a trance. She stood alone; against
the walls, as far away as they could get.
the white girls cowered, screaming, and
the Chinese slaves had also drawn away
from her in terror. Two of them were
howling in fright, a broad scratch on

the arm of one, a gash across the cheek
of another, testifying to the serviceabil-
ity of the blunt old weapon.

  Holding them at bay with her crim-
son-stained blade, Lotus laughed hyster-
ically.

  "I told you I'm different from the
rest!” she flung across at Wu. “If you
try such a thing again, I’ll stab myself
instead of those devils!”

  With one agile movement, Wu swung
himself to his feet. Her threat, although
she was not aware of it, was the most
potent weapon she could have found.
She must not be allowed to mutilate her
beauty.

 “So!” His tones shook from the
tempest of anger seething within him.
“So! We shall see! You shall be
thrown into a cell like the ones in which
these slave-girls are locked. There you
shall lie alone, in the darkness, in dis-
comfort, until you come to your senses!
There you shall be taught to smoke the
opium-pipe, whether you refuse it or
not! ... Ah Loo!”

  The old native crept up to him. Wu
whispered his instructions, a glow of sat-
isfaction flitting over his features as Ah
Loo kowtowed and withdrew.

  Lotus turned to the cringing girls—
eight young, softly rounded, fresh,
pretty things, all attractive in their dif-
fering types, all with the glamor of
youth and health, all apparently fright-
ened to death at her bold defense. They
eyed her in appalled admiration.

  “We're all Americans," she exclaimed
rapidly, “and we're not going to give
up our freedom to a demon like Wu!
There are nine of us. If you'll help
me—”

  She ended in a scream, which was
smothered by a scarf thrown over her
head from behind. The struggle was
sharp and brief. From a piercing cry,
Lotus judged that her weapon again had
done good service before it was wrested
from her, and she was caught up, half
stifled, helpless, and jostled amid a con-
TACK ROWES

25

fusing babel of Chinese expletives. But
one voice, w hich she knew by its sibilant
timbre to be Wu's, muttered some crisp
phrases which turned her sick and cold
as she was borne away.

  Down the staircase, then lowered care-
fully through the trapdoor, down the
stepladder; then the grate of a bolt shot
back, and at last she was laid on a mat-
tress, and the hands which had pinioned
her fell away. With quick scuttliugs the
women fled from the cell of this white
girl who was crazed with the spirit oi
seven furious fighting devils.

  And Lotus was alone to think over
those pregnant sentences which had been
repeating themselves in ceaseless routine
since she had been carried from his pri-
vate apartment:

  “Because you are a bad example to my
girls, I allow you to go without having
attained my object. Your spirit would
awaken the admiration of the high god
of our devils himself. You please me
greatly. I shall reconsider my decision
to sell you to Lu Tung. I am rich
enough to indulge my own fancies.
Later, I shall come to you to teach you
obedience. This will, I feel sure, be
the wisest way to deal with such a for-
eign devil as you, my Golden Lotus.”

  She struck out her hands blindly. Was
there no way of escape save—death?

VI

  Lotus opened her eyes to see what
possible means of escape offered within
her cell. It was a tiny box, just large
enough to contain the mattress lying on
the ground, the small brazier with its
pale glow, and a rug on which to sit or
kneel. The ceiling above w’as apparently
fashioned of the heavy paper which the
Chinese utilize for the building of their
homes.

  Too nervous to lie still, Lotus rose
and peered out between the bars of her
cage.

  “Hello! Hello!” she called softly but
clearly. “Is any one near me?”

  There was a moment of silcncc while
she waited, tensely anxious. Then a
whisper came from the wall beside her:
“Hush! Ah Loo’ll hear and punish
you. You mustn’t make a noise.
They’ll drug you if you do.”

  Lotus dropped her voice. “Who are
you?” she murmured. “How' did you
get in here?”

  “I’m Charlotte Smith. Alameda’s my
home, across the bay. I wras on an ex-
cursion-boat when I met a man who—
who flirted with me. He sat down be-
side me, and we talked, and finally he
asked me to go to dinner with him. I—
I accepted—I thought he was so nice
and jolly! He took me to dinner in a
little restaurant, and—that's all I knewr
until I woke up here.”

  The voice broke in a sob. Lotus’
hands clenched.

  “And don't you want to get out?” she
asked. “Aren’t you going to make a
fuss about being locked in here and—and
all the horrors that are coming?”

  “Wrhat's the use? I did make an aw-
ful fuss in the beginning. But you, or
any one else, can’t get ahead of Wu. If
we cry and scream, he punishes us by
taking away the opium.”

  “Do you smokef* asked Lotus, hor-
rified.

  “Of course; we all do. The sooner you
learn how, the better. You’ll have the
loveliest dreams! You'll forget every-
thing you’ve been through and all that’s
before you. Nothing really matters
much if you only have your pipe. And
Wu gives us all we want He’s willing
we should forget our troubles. It’s the
only thing that keeps us alive, I guess.
You’d better try it, for Wu’s angry at
you, and when he's like that he 11 stop at
nothing. He’s a devil—a devil—

  The voice filtered away into silence.
Lotus writhed in anguish.

  “Are all the girls here like you ? * she
demanded. “Don’t any of them try to
to kill themselves?”

  “What for? We're comfortable, and
THE DRAGON’S CLAW

Wu comes down only once a day to see
how we’re getting on. There's no chance
for escape. I think we’re directly un-
derneath his own house. It’s one of the
show-places in Chinatown, you know,
but nobody suspects he’s got a subterra-
nean passage beneath his cellar. There’s
more than one, too. One leads down to
the water-front, for Mary Snow was
brought in from a boat, and she wasn’t
doped as much as she pretended, so she
knew she was being carried in through
a great, long passage. Hush! Ah Loo’s
coming. If she thinks we’re talking,
she’ll take away my pipe.”

  Silence reigned. Sick at heart, Lotus
sank down on her mattress. Would she
ever become like this girl, resigned to her
destiny, living only in the ecstasies of
her opium-dreams ? Again Wu’s threat
rang through her brain:

  “Later I shall come to you to teach
you obedience.’’

  A dew of terror broke out over her.
She knew he would keep his word.
There was no way of escape. She
looked wildly about. Against the wall
the pale light of the brazier drew her
gaze, a nascent glimmer in the dim
gloom. If opium but held the power to
kill! But death came through that chan-
nel only after long months of wasting
oblivion, and she knew the drug would
never be allowed her in sufficient quan-
tities to injure her physical health.

  Fascinated by the dull gleam, she lay
watching it with half-closed eyes, until,
halt hypnotized, it seemed to her that the
glow permeated the cell like a living
personality. She stretched out her arms
to it.

   Light! Mame! Fire!" she cried ex-
citedly. “Fire!”

  In that word lay her release. Death
by tire was a horror, yet it was a horror
to be preferred to a life of unutterable
degradation. To set her mattress on fire,
and tlien smother to death in her cell—
but that would not help the other poor
gtrls locked up beside her. Freedom for

herself, for all—she would make the at-
tempt.

  Her eyes sought the low ceiling. It
was not too high for her to reach easily
with hands thrown above her head. She
got up and tried it, her fingers touching
the heavy paper. What lay directly
above? She drummed with tentative
knuckles. It sounded hollow.

  Giving herself no time to waver, she
caught up the brazier by its slender
bronze legs, and, extending it above her
head, held it immovable, the beat from
the tlame making brownish indentations
in the paper ceiling. Presently it began
to curl, then catch, and finally the hole
widened sufficiently for Lotus to see the
narrow width of the hollow between the
ceiling and the flooring above. It was
of wood, but even the tiniest flame will
eventually bum its way through sea-
soned timbers, and Lotus, patiently hold-
ing the brazier, saw the wood shrink and
catch, writhe and curl, as the sparks ate
their way upward through the heart of
the flimsy wood.

  The odor of scorching paper, the
smoke of burning timber, bore down
upon her. Gasping, she set down the
brazier while she wet one sleeve of her
coat in water standing by in a jug, then,
holding it with one hand before her face,
she again erected the brazier in the
other. Presently the ceiling had curled
apart until a sizable hollow appeared.
Then it occurred to her to seize the small
rug and thrust it into the aperture, thus
hastening her work of destruction. Act-
ing on the impulse, Lotus grasped it,
and, stuffing it into the hole, applied the
whole heat of the brazier to its rough
woolen surface.

  And then things began to happen. As
the rug caught fire, Lotus drew back,
her face pressed to the grating for fresh-
er air as she watched the conflagration.

  “What’s all this smudge ? Whew!
It’s choking me 1 I can’t breathe! Oh.
my goodness! We’re on fire down here!
We’ll burn to death! Help! Help I"
JACK ROWES

27

  The girls’ shrieks rang through the
small passage. Shuffling steps padded
along outside. One glance was enough
to tell Ah Loo that the girls were in
grave danger. Shooting hack the bolts
of their cells as she ran, she flung back
their prison doors, then, not pausing to
see what became of them, scurried away
at top speed.

  Lotus blindly stepped into the cor-
ridor, the wet sleeve still pressed against
her face. Eyes smarting, half choked,
she yet paused to make sure that no girt
had been left imprisoned. From every
door a girl crept forth, crazed with fear,
ready to beat her way to air and free-
dom.

  “Follow me,” called Lotus. “Ah Loo’s
left the barred door open. Come before
she can get help. To the trapdoor—up
the staircase—quick 1”

  They hurled themselves after her.
Down the corridor, up the stepladder,
into the dark cellar, and up the narrow
staircase, they fled, fear lending them
wings.

  The door at the top was only closed,
not bolted. Ah Loo, in her mad flight—
for none knew better than she the hor-
rors of a lire in Chinatown—had for-
gotten to lock it in her wild rush for
help. The girls poured into the quiet
luxury of Wu’s mansion, too excited to
use their brains in the opportunity of-
fered for escape.

  “You’ll have to look out for your-
selves now!” cried Lotus wildly. "Try
to find a way out of the house. There
must be doors and windows. Hurry!
We’ll be found and locked up again if
we don’t escape now.”

  The sound of running feet hastened
them. The girls separated, vanishing in
different directions. The foostcps and
voices drew nearer. With the desper-
ation of the hunted, Lotus flung herself
behind a screen in one comer of the
room in which she found herself, and,
crouching, listened with bated breath as
a crowd of Chinese entered.

  Ah Loo was in their midst, wringing
lier hands at sight of Chin Ling Wu's
white, set face and glittering black eyes.
She was evidently trying to persuade
him she was not at fault for the break-
ing out of the fire, but he paid not the
slightest attention to her. In the hands
of his followers were fire-extinguishers,
incongruous modernities beside the odd,
picturesque costumes. The gesticulat-
ing crowd passed through without a
glance towards the screen behind which
Lotus cowered.

  Now was her chance. Summoning all
her courage, she crept out. She believed
she must be on the ground floor. She
must find her way out while the house-
hold was busy downstairs. She noise-
lessly flitted through the small rooms,
but if they contained windows they were
concealed beneath painted panels.

  At last, with a gasp of disappointed
astonishment, she found herself within
the magnificent room which was Wu’s
private apartment. She looked about
vainly for some other passage of escape,
so interested that she did not hear a
stealthy step creep up behind her.

  “So, Lotus Bloom, you tried to set my
house on fire. My girls are set loose;
some of them cannot be found. My
men are smothering down beneath the
ground, trying to put out the fire. We
cannot call in the fire company, for that
would reveal the secrets of my business.
In a few moments more it would have
been beyond control, and all Chinatown
a blazing inferno. And all due to the
most troublesome woman-fiend of the
Devil God I have ever known! Y’ou, my
beautiful Lotus Bloom—”

  It was Wu's voice, malignant, vibrant
with something more to be dreaded than
mere anger. With a shriek Lotus fled
from him towards the raised dais. Wu
followed her, his purpose masked be-
neath his immobile features, only his
eyes telling the tale. Choking, Lotus put
her hand up to her throat. W ith a dead-
ly purpose in his eyes, he followed her,
28

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

his gaze that of a tiger intent on its
prey.

  "I can’t—I can’t—don’t touch me!”
she sobbed, her nerves gone at last. And
she screamed again as she saw those eyes
coming nearer, the look in their depths
shriveling her soul. His arms, lithe as
steel, closed about her. Fighting, writh-
ing, she fought him off, her screams
echoing through the house.

  Wu was too intent upon his purpose
to notice he had not quite pushed the
screen back into place after his en-
trance, but Lotus saw the crack ami
redoubled her cries. And then, as Wu
ilung her, powerless, back upon the dais,
a hubbub of noises arose which brought
him partially to his senses, half crazed
as he was.

  Lotus felt her strength going, a deadly
faintness numbing her. With one last
strangled cry, she relaxed, as the screen
was pushed back.

  Chin Ling Wu, his face distorted like
that of a heathen god, glanced over at
the intrusion. A crowd of men stood in
the entrance. With an ugly snarl, Wu,
balked of his prey, glared his defiance.

  “Drop that girl, or I’ll shoot!”

  Wu impassively stared down the bar-
rel of a revolver as a couple of men
sprang forward and clapped handcuffs
on his yellow wrists. The revolver
dropped, and the man strode over to the
crumpled heap lying inert on the dais.
One look at her face was enough for
Ransom Fuller to know that his search
was ended. But Lotus, at sound of his
voice, had fainted.

  Donaldson, his thin, keen face alert,
turned from the tableau, jotting down
memoranda for the big story which
would form the ''scoop” headlines in the
morning’s Argtis. From another part
of the house echoed the screams of the
native women as a plain-clothes man en-
tered, holding a shrinking American girl
by each hand.

         there any more girls in this
  place?” questioned Haggerty.

  One of the girls nodded. “Six more,
but we all got out when Lotus set the
underground dens on fire,” she whim-
pered.

  “The divil she did! There’s a girl for
ye!” Haggerty’s admiring glance swept
over the inert form on the dais, over
which Fuller was working to bring back
consciousness. “Come on, boys; them
Chinks is all down below fightin’ the
fire. We’ll round ’em all up and make a
clean sweep o’ this dive. We’ve got tli’
man we’ve been trailin’, the biggest divil
o’ them Highbinders, caught witbnth’
goods on!” He scowled at Wu, who had
recovered his Oriental impassivity.
“Take him out and keep him safe in th’
bubble-wagon while we run in the rest.
Hike along lively, now.”

  As Chin Ling Wu, guarded on both
sides, was hustled out of the room, he
did not even throw a glance at the girl
who had been the cause of his downfall.
Donaldson had already disappeared with
Haggerty and his men, prepared tor a
clean sw'eep belowground.

  With no thought for anything save
Lotus Salisbury, Fuller gently forced
some brandy from his pocket-flask be-
tween her lips. The luxurious room
which had been the scene of so many
horrors was very still, the atmosphere
surcharged with subtle undercurrents.
With a long sigh Lotus opened her eyes,
staring straight up into the fine, dark
face just above hers. Quite unvolition-
ally, her arms crept about his neck as
Fuller hungrily gathered her up to him.

  "You’re not dead—you’re not dead,”
she repeated faintly. "Tell me—tell
me, did they hurt you? Oh, how I’ve
suffered, thinking they had killed you
for my sake!’’ She shuddered, trem-
bling.

  “You cared?” Ilis face was alight
with an ardor wholly unprofessional.

  *‘So—so tnuch!”

  Lotus gave a little upward tilt to her
chin, and the next instant their lips met
with all the tenderness, the starved long-
JACK ROWES

29

ing, of elemental nature. A number of
minutes later, Lotus, sighing ecstatically,
murmured in Fuller’s ear:

  “How did you happen to find me,
dearest? I thought Wu had his servants
murder you.”

  “Not a bit of it! He didn’t bother
with me—it was you he was after. As
soon as you disappeared, T got after the
police and my old friend Donaldson, and
we put the Chinese guide through a
third-degree grilling. But he was too
clever for us to get much information
out of him, so we got permits to search
Chinatown, and Donaldson, who knows
it better than most white men, and who
has had reason to suspect Wu before,
brought us here. If we had not found
you, we should have dynamited the wall
in the alley where you disappeared.
There must be a passageway under it—”

  “There is. That's where the girls are
imprisoned. Wu has a lot of under-
ground passageways running from be-
neath his cellar in different directions.
They took me in through a door in the
alley-wall. I saw it when we were on
the other side. Then they gave me
chloroform, and—and I didn't remember
anything more until I woke up—down
there 1”

  Her arms tensed about him. Again
they forgot the fears and terrors of the
past hours in the sweetness of the pres-
ent moment.

  But they were rudely awakened from
their dream of bliss as a babel of
shrieks, curses, and howls from below
attested that Haggerty’s men had been
successful in their clean-up. Lotus
clung to Fuller in sudden terror.

  “Oh, take me away from here,” she
whispered. “I can’t stand any more to-
night. I hope the girls are all safely
out.”

  “I’m sure of it,” soothed the man.
“They’ll be under police protection until
their families arc notified. What hap-
pened, anyway? How did you come to
be up here?”

  For the first time he realized Lotus
was wearing Chinese costume. His fine
features darkened as certain possibilities
flashed across his mind. Lotus under-
stood, and shivered.

  "I set fire to my cell, hoping we might
get a chance to escape or else be killed
quickly,” she said so simply the horror
behind her words was doubly poignant.
"I couldn’t live the life Wu intended for
me, and he wouldn’t let me go. And—I
think the greatest of all reasons why I
didn’t care what became of me was be-
cause I—I believed you—were dead."

  Cheek to cheek, she whispered the
last words in his ear. For a long mo-
ment he held her close, immovable, then
helped her to her feet, his eyes still
dim. She leaned on his shoulder as he
threw an arm about her waist to steady
her.

  She smiled at him tremulously. “You
see—how much I need you:” and her
shadowy eyes, languorously lovely, re-
vealed more than the words.

  “I intend to make myself so thorough-
ly necessary I’ll be absolutely indispens-
able.” His muscles tightened about her
suppleness. “To-morrow morning I’m
going to apply for a license. I don’t
know what the laws are here in Frisco,
but as soon as we can arrange it I’m go-
ing to take you away on a honeymoon to
Coronado. It’s a heavenly spot, and
we’ll forget all that’s occurred here. I
can’t understand how you’ve come to
care for me. I’m so happy myself, I can
almost feel sorry for that other fellow
who has lost you—”

  “Other fellow? What arc you talk-
ing about? I don’t understand.” Lotus’
brows knit in perplexity.

  “The one you’re engaged to.” He lift-
ed her unresisting left hand. The
diamond winked up at him maliciously.
“The man in the picture on your dress-
ing-table,” he explained.

  At the note of jealousy in his voice.
Lotus’ brow cleared. She burst into a
clear ripple of hearty laughter.
30

THE DRAGON’S CLAW

  “You thought I was engaged to John
Whitney? Oh, my dearest! One of the
reasons I came on this trip was because
I wanted to see if 1 cared enough for
him to miss him when he was away from
me. I haven’t—not a bit! I felt sure I
didn’t care for him in—in the right way,
but lie—he wanted me to make sure. I
have—now* She glanced at Fuller
shyly. “And this ring”—her voice sank
tenderly—“this was my mother’s en-
gagement ring. That's why I value it so
much. Perhaps I ought not wear it on
that finger, to give a false impression,
but I’ve always felt I couldn’t let any
man take it off and—and replace it with
another until I was—sure. It was a—
kind of guard against—the wrong man,
you see."

  Slowly, with lingering tenderness, his
fingers dosed about the slender band.
As he drew it off, Lotus looked in his
eyes, a smile behind her tears. Slipping
the diamond upon her right hand, he
drew an odd signet ring from his little
finger. As the heavy circlet slid over
her slim third finger, Fuller lifted her
hand to his lipa.

  “Until I can replace it to-morrow with
one more suitable,” he murmured.

  Once more the silence in the room
was intense; then Fuller lingericgly re-
leased Lotus, and this time they passed
through the house, out into the narrow
street in front. His runabout was wait-
ing at the comer. Lotus, clad only in
her silken coat, shivered as the chill
night air struck her. Hastily wrapping
her in a bulky, thick motor-coat, Fuller
tucked her in beside him, threw in the
clutch, and they moved away from Wu's
house of hidden mysteries.

  The pallor of approaching dawn was

in the sky, and the streets were bleak and
deserted. Now that the glamor of the
swinging paper lanterns, the lights twink-
ling from half open doorways, were no
longer visible, this bit of old China lost
its charm, revealing itself in all its taw-
dry sordidness.

  Through the heart of the Oriental sec-
tion, then through the city itself, Fuller
drove at a speed impossible in the day-
time, but before they reached the be-
ginning of the Exposition Grounds the
rising sun was casting its first gleam*-
across the bay. Out beyond them, to
the right, the Golden Gate was spread-
ing its arms to welcome another day.
Across the amethystine waters, in the
misty distance, Tamalpais flushed into
tawny crimson.

  As they passed the Tower of Jewels
raising its slender head, priceless gem nt
the Exposition Buildings, the sunrise
kissed the countless rainbow-colored
crystals into prismatic glory. Fuller
slowed their speed.

  “Seel” Lotus laid her hand on his
arm. “It's the sunrise. Ransom. A new
day! How wonderfully those jewels
glow in the light!—as though they were
warmed into life by the rays of the
rising sun and were glad to welcome it—
as we are.”

  The road was clear ahead. Under the
rainbow radiance Fuller leaned down
and kissed her full on the lips. Her
cheeks rivaled the sunrise glow as he
echoed:

  “A new day! Our wedding-day, Lo-
tus. The perfect dawn of a new life—
the life of fulfilment—”

  “Together!” finished Lotus softly, as
the golden halo merged into the full
splendor of the new-born day.
THE STRANGE TRAMP

By John W. N. Sullivan

IT was out in the Connecticut hills that
I came upon the Strange Tramp.

At first 1 was not even sure that
he was a tramp. He sat with his back
against a tree, his mouth open and his
eyes shut, snoring like a new type of
orchestral instrument. The tattered
remnants which constituted his conces-
sion to propriety were obviously the last
phase of a suit of Harris tweed.

  Near him, on the grass, was the ob-
ject which made me pause. A dainty
yellow-covered volume presented its
glaring black title at me—“Les Fonctions
Elliptiques”

  In my youth I had won distinction in
the Mathematical Tripos, but when I
found that a thorough mathematical
equipment has rather less market value
than a rudimentary acquaintance with
plumbing I abandoned its study. The
volume lying on the grass had cost me
many headaches, and I eyed the ragged
personage under the tree with consider-
able curiosity. Suddenly the bassoon
solo ceased, and I perceived two black
eyes staring fixedly at me.

  “Good afternoon,” said the tramp po-
litely.

  “Good afternoon,” I replied. “The
weather is exceptionally warm for May,
don’t you think?"

  The tramp nodded briefly, and yawned.
He continued to stare at me fixedly, with-
out manifesting the slightest interest.
His rather refined, very sunburnt face
was surmounted by a shock of black
hair. He looked something over thirty.
I perceived an old felt hat at the base
of the tree.

  “His treatment is very clear, isn’t it?"

I continued, nodding at the book on the
grass.

  "Not bad," said the tramp, with faint
disparagement, "but the notation is hope-
lessly old-fashioned.”

  He rose slowly to his feet, placed his
hat on his head and his book under his
arm. He eyed me a little quizzically.

  “Are you coming along?"

  He waved an explanatory hand in a
general easterly direction, and I fell into
step beside him.

  “Yes, it’s sufficiently rare to be a lit-
tle startling,” he said, answering my un-
spoken thought; “but I am a tramp be-
cause I am logical.”

  “Just so, just so,” I assented.

  “No,” he continued placidly; “not in
the least because I am mad. Originally.
I admit, I became a tramp by necessity,
but I remain one because my knowledge
of philosophy is too great to allow me
to do anything else."

  “Philosophy has much to answer for,”
I said gravely. We walked a few steps
in silence.

  “Of course, if you’re going to be
rude," said the tramp, a trifle wearily,
“I shall have to tell you the story of my
life."

  I nodded encouragingly. “Fire away;
I've got about three miles to go, and we
must talk about something.”

  He gazed dreamily at the few white
clouds which flecked the blue of the far
horizon. It was a perfect day. From a
cavity in what had once been a Norfolk
jacket, he produced a rather respectable
briar, and, taking the hint. I handed him
my pouch.

  He carefullv filled his pipe in silence,

31
32

THE STRANGE TRAMP

and it was not until the first few clouds
of tobacco-smoke had floated out on the
still air that he commenced his story.
He spoke with a faint flavor of serene
dogmatism, and a certain precision of
phrase which reminded me singularly of
the lecture-room.

  "As you seem to have no particular
intelligence, and have, nevertheless, done
some mathematics, I take it you arc a
college man. I'm one myself. I went to
1 larvard on a scholarship, and special-
ized in mathematics because I had gen-
uine ability. I really liked the stuff. I
do now, for the matter of that.”

  “The strong bias some of us have for
the perfectly useless has never been sat-
isfactorily accounted for," I murmured.

  “It is probable that I should never
have made a great reputation,” he went
on, ignoring my interruption. “I am not
sufficiently emasculated to find all my
desires satisfied by tracing the vagaries
of ‘x.’ But one has to mortify the flesh
on six hundred a year.” He puffed med-
itatively. “You, of course, never had
less than four times that.” He turned
to me with a peculiar smile.

  “Except when I was teaching/’ I as-
sented reflectively.

  He looked at me with some stern-
ness. “So you’ve actually done teach-
ing! Ah, well, there are shabby sins in
the Lives of all of us; though, I suppose,”
he mused, “that deliberately to help a
system which militates against develop-
ment and survival is one of the shab-
biest.” His frown deepened. "You are,
I hope, a moral man,” he said severely.

  '‘Er—a moral man? Yes, I suppose
I could say I was a moral man.”

  He looked relieved.

    It would be absurd to expect you to
see toy point of view were you not a
moral man. The key to my whole posi-
tion is to be found in my exceptionally
acute moral sense. All our social activi-
ties arc tainted; I carmot work and pre-
serve my self-respect.”

     Bernard Shaw !” I interpolated.

  He looked affronted. “Bernard Shaw I”
He repeated the name in a tone of con-
tempt. "My dear sir—really, I hope I
go a little deeper than that! Bernard
Shaw has not even a rudimentary ac-
quaintance with psychology, or he would
not be a Socialist. No—really, I may
say, without vanity, I am quite an in-
telligent man, and—”

  "I beg your pardon,” I said humbly.
"I did not realize—”

  “Quite so, quite so,” he said airily,
waving his hand with a gesture of com-
plete understanding, his irritation in-
stantly appeased. He puffed medita-
tively for a few seconds before he con-
tinued:

  "As I was saying, I lived in Cambridge
on a scholarship—six hundred per an-
num. With my parents’ help, I furnished
two rooms, and I looked after myself
entirely—cooking my own meals, making
my own bed, and everything. Of course,
I practised a rigid economy. Have you
ever tasted nut butter?” he asked sud-
denly.

  I shook toy head.

  "It’s awful stuff, but I almost came to
like it. I’ve eaten worse since. Well. I
didn’t do so badly. I was sufficiently a
fool to take an interest in poetry and
music, not realizing that it i$ very un-
wise to cultivate the emotions on a
strictly counted income. I hired a piano
at three dollars a month, and saturated
myself in Chopin and Keats.”

  He eyed me critically. “Are you
musical ?”

  "I like music,” I replied. “I’ve never
studied it to any extent, but I’m very
fond of listening to good music.”

  His face clouded. "Ah. well, perhaps
you’re better off.” He sighed. "I’ve
never quite decided whether a love of
music is a blessing or a curse.*'

  “But I do like music," I insisted, a lit-
tle impatient at his superior airs.

  He nodded soothingly: "You think it
an agreeable recreation, I have no doubt.
You don’t quite understand, that’s all."
JOHN W. N. SULLIVAN

33

  I began to find him a little impossible.
He resumed his faintly professorial
tone :

  “My moods of reaction against the ab-
stract nature of my studies were at times
intense. Chopin, in particular, weak-
ened my power of self-control. At times
I was a tingling mass of desire, and I
could not afford to purchase gratifica-
tion. There was obviously nothing for
it but to find a girl who was unconven-
tional or weak enough to be led—well,
astray, as they say.”

  There was a strange quality in the
voice which caused me to glance curi-
ously at the remarkable being at my side.

  “I found her without much difficulty,”
he continued, and then paused.

  I eyed him covertly as we walked on
in silence. His mouth wore a sneer, and
there was a hard look in his eyes. He
stared straight in front of him, and he
had ceased to smoke.

  He broke out abruptly: "You’ve read
‘Love and Mr. Lewisham/ of course?”
His query’ was put with that apparent
inconsequence I had noticed before.

  "Of course,” I answered.

  “It’s a very disappointing book. Have
you got a match ? My pipe is out.”

  I handed him a box of matches.

  “Yes,’' he continued, shielding the
lighted match with his hands and puffing
vigorously: “the end of the book is ab-
surd. With no degree and no experi-
ence, Lewisham could never have made
enough for himself, to say nothing of his
wife.” He put my matches in his pocket.
“I saw that so clearly, that I refused to
marry' the girl.”

  I shook my head doubtfully. “It’s
hardly right.”

  “Right!” he shouted, and stopped in
his stride to face me. He glared at me
furiously. “Is it right, do you think, to
condemn two people to lifelong misery
in deference to the idiotic conventions of
the feeble-minded?” He flourished his
pipe excitedly. “What sort of morality
is that?” he snarled.

  “Well, of course—” I was amazed at
this outburst.

  “Yes, of course,” he repeated. “Peo-
ple like you are not moral; you are only
superstitious. What do you think mo-
rality is? I’ll tell you,” he went on,
without waiting for a reply: “it's a code
of action which suits the convenience of
the greatest number. There is 110 other
definition which will hold water for a
moment.” He glared hostility for a
space.

  “And so I refused to marry the girl,”
he repeated.

  I maintained surprised silence, and,
with an impatient wave of his hand, he
resumed more calmly':

  “But I had to leave the college. I had
enemies, and they were bound to find
out. There was one beast in particular,”
he said venomously, “a flabby-minded,
literary person who was troubled by a
conscience. The swine!”

  The last vestige of his detached man-
ner had vanished. It was evident his
memories were very vivid.

  “And so you became a tramp/* I re-
marked.

  “What else was there to do? It was
a choice between that and the humilia-
tion and wretchedness of an inferior
teaching job. I did not hesitate. As a
tramp, I can at least preserve my self-
respect.”

  “You prefer chopping wood for a
meal?” I asked.

  “Certainly—not that I always chop
wood,” he said, with a slight resentment.
“You would be astonished at some of the
experiences T have had. For instance,
I have sometimes got a meal and even a
bed as well for playing the piano.”

  “For playing the piano!” I echoed.

  “Yes, you’d be surprised. Some of the
better-class houses. It has appealed to
their sense of the incongruous. Tramps
who play Beethoven and Chopin are not
common. And it keeps me in practice.
I’m quite well known in certain dis-
tricts/'
31

TIIE STRANGE TRAMP

  "Do you ever give lectures in mathe-
matics?” I inquired sarcastically.

  “Not exactly,” he retorted placidly,
“but I once got bed and board for a week
from an amateur astronomer for helping
him with his computations. He had
quite a decent little observatory.”

   “Do you give many recitals in this dis-
trict?” 1 pursued.

  His frown caine back. “No, I’m here
for a quite different purpose.”

   1 looked interrogation.

  “You see,” he answered, with an air
of lucidity, “the girl never had a child.
Nothing happened. I took care to keep
in touch. Indirectly, you know ”
“Indeed!” I said, surprised. “But
what—”

  “Exactly. There are two alternatives.
She may have been mistaken. That’s
quite possible, you know. Or she may
have read Thomas Hardy. I hardly
think her natural depravity would be suf-
ficient. You remember—‘Ju^e t^ie Ob-
scure,’ you know.”

   I looked puzzled.

  “A girl lies about it. She thinks the
man is bound to marry her then.”

  "Oh, I see,” I said, suddenly compre-
hending. "And you think—”

  "T don’t know,” said the tramp
thoughtfully. Then, with an absurd
lapse into his stilted manner: “My sci-
entific training renders unsolved prob-
lems utterly repugnant to me. As a mat-
ter of purely intellectual interest, I wish
to find out the facts of the case.”

  He seemed very concerned that I
should make no mistake, and it was with
an almost anxious air he awaited mv
response.

  “And how do you propose to find
out?” I asked.

  “I’m going to ask her,” he answered
resolutely. “I heard quite casually that
she was in New London, and I shall trust
to chance to meet her.”

   “Don't you think it a trifle brutal?” I
suggested. "Y'ou have no feeling for the
girl, and, presumably, she loves you.”

  He turned on me angrily. "What docs
that matter? Is it possible you are chiv-
alrous? Shades of Nietzsche!”

  “Oh, that’s all bosh, you know,” I
said, a trifle hotly. “Nietzsche was mad.
Women are not angels, but they are hu-
man beings.”

  “You’re married, I suppose,” he
sneered. "Y'es, yes, I know what you
would say. Y’ou are happier so, you
think. Perhaps you are, but it is only
by refusing to face the facts.” He be-
came precise. “W'omen are clogs and
burdens. They are entirely unscru-
pulous and utterly deceitful. They are '
disagreeable necessities for the contin-
uance of the race.”

  I burst out laughing. "The final result
of philosophy,” I mocked, “the ripened
fruit of the tree of wisdom!”

 He assumed a bored air. “Your
method of debate is somewhat fatigu-
ing.”

  We walked on in silence. To judge
from his face, the tramp was plunged
in gloomy meditation, and I was content
to think him over for a space. It so hap-
pens that 1 have a very high opinion of
women, largely based on my three years’
experience of married life. I could not
for an instant believe in the sincerity of
the tramp’s views, and I was convinced
that an ordinary decent woman could
change his ideas in a very short time.
With the bottom knocked out of that
part of his absurd philosophy, it was
probable that the rest would go, and
that the tramp would cease to remain a
tramp. That, I confess, seemed to me
a desirable result. In spite of his ridic-
ulous pose, I found something likable
about him, and I was persuaded he was
a man of genuine ability. I conceived
the idea of presenting him to my wife.

I would offer to employ him for a week.

I felt convinced by a sort of instinct that
something more than curiosity prompted
the tramp’s search for the girl lie had
deserted. I am no great believer at any
time in the spirit of disinterested curi-
JOHN W. N. SULLIVAN

35

os it}’, even in men of science. I have
been a scientific man! In my thoughts
the tramp's immediate future began to
assume an almost idyllic form, when I
found that we had arrived within half a
mile of New London.

  I motioned towards a large, red-brick
house on my right and addressed the
tramp:

  “I hope you’ll come in and have some
lunch with me. I should like to hear
more of your way of looking at things.”
He stared at me doubtfully.

  ‘■'I should like to find her to-night, if
possible.”

  "Ohf that’s all right,” I replied heart-
ily. “There’s heaps of time, and I may
be able to help you.”

  "You’re very kind,” he said politely.

  I ushered him into the library, as be-
ing the cosiest room in the house, and
the most likely to interest him. His first
proceeding was to inspect my books,
which he did with the famished eager-
ness of an educated man who had been
too long without them. He kept up a
running fire of questions and comments,
showing the oddest preferences and dis-
tastes, and yet, withal, a keenness of in-
sight and a breadth of reading which
somewhat astonished me, prepared
though I was to find him possessed of
unusual attainments. He was in the
midst of a caustic comment on Mr.
Chesterton’s habit of thought, when the
door opened and my wife appeared.

  “I thought I heard you come in, Jim,”
she said, “and—”

  She suddenly caught sight of my com-
panion, who was standing with his back
towards her. At the sound of her voice
the tramp swung round and faced her.
“Let me introduce—”

  My wife suddenly swayed and gripped
the door-handle till her knuckles showed
white. I had not allowed for the effect
the sudden sight of my ragged and un-
kempt visitor would have upon her.

  I moved towards her, and she almost
fell into my arms.

  “Good God!" exclaimed the tramp,
and let Mr. Chesterton’s "Orthodoxy”
fall with a thud to the floor.

  ‘ It’s all right,” I said to him over my
shoulder. “My wife is a little nervous,
but—come, come, dear,” I continued, for
she was trembling excessively. “What
a nervous little tiling it is! The gentle-
man is a visitor, dear.”

  "A visitor!” she gasped.

  ‘‘Yes,’’ I went on. “It’s hardly com-
plimentary—”

  She disengaged herself from my arms
with a nervous little laugh.

  “It’s very silly of me,” she confessed,
“but for the moment I thought—” She
turned to the tramp with a little smile,
but with a lurking fear still in her eyes.
“I really must apologize, Mr.—er—”
“Osborne/' said the tramp, eying her
intently, for my wife is a beautiful
woman, and her confusion served only
to heighten her charm.

  “Well, now, that’s all right/' I said
heartily. “Mr. Osborne is staying to
lunch with us, my dear, and perhaps
afterwards we can have a little music—
I should like you to hear my wife’s play-
ing,” I broke off to remark to the tramp.

  He smiled slightly. “So your wife is
a musician.” he said pleasantly, with a
faint inflection of surprise in his voice.

  “You shall judge after lunch/' I re-
plied.

  “Oh, I don’t suppose Mr. Osborne will
consider me a musician/’ said my wife,
with a certain defiance. For some rea-
son, she seemed to have taken a dislike
to the tramp.

  “W'ell, well/’ I said, “let us see about
something to eat.”

  “I’ll see to it myself," remarked my
wife, and walked out of the room.

  “My wife is rather easily upset,” T
said half apologetically, for I was anx-
ious she should make a good impression,
on the tramp.

  “Quite so,” he said politely. “My un-
expected appearance was doubtless some-
thing of a shock to her.”
36

THE STRANGE TRAMP

  “You do look—er—somewhat uncon-
ventional,” I laughed.

  "Precisely," he said. He regarded me
curiously. He seemed on the point of
making a remark, and then changed his
mind. He walked to the window, and
looked out on the lawn.

  "I suppose," I said lightly, “that, by
your philosophy, I am to be pitied. I
am hopelessly in the toils. I am being
relentlessly dragged down—down from
the giddy heights of perfect egoism to
the level of an ordinary happy man.”

  “Are you happy?” said the tramp ab-
ruptly, still looking out of the window.

  “I am so entirely deceived as to be-
lieve I am,” I replied, laughing.

  “You have doubtless been married a
long time," he said.

  “No,” I replied. “I first met mv wife
about three years ago. We met quite
accidentally while I was on a vacation
trip through the St. Lawrence. Within a
month we were married. She was an
orphan, and there were no relatives to
be consulted. She was companion to the
lady with whom she was traveling, and
there were no other ties. Oh, I assure
you, my conduct was most unphilo-
sophical.”

  The tramp turned and faced me with
a strange smile.

  “It was,” he said slowly.

  At the sound of the gong we moved
to the dining-room.

  The tramp at first appeared somewhat
abstracted, but after his second chop he
started to talk. He talked extremely
well, and, in spite of her aversion, I
found my wife listening to him with an
altogether unusual air of interest. But
ever and again, as she glanced at him,
a look something akin to fear would leap
into her eyes. There was evidently
something about the man which affected
her unpleasantly.

  1 he tramp noticed this, but he seemed
quite unconcerned, and appeared, indeed,
to derive some peculiar cynical satisfac-
tion from it. I felt disappointed at the

evident antagonism between them, for I
had quite expected my wife’s charm to
convert the tramp into something more
human. But her most unexpected antip-
athy to my guest doomed this hope to
disappointment. It was with a feeling
of relief, on my part, that we made our
way to the drawing-room.

  “Now we will have some music,” I
said cheerily. “My wife has only taken
up piano-plaving of recent years,” I con-
tinued, turning to the tramp, who
nodded; “but I think you will agree that
she may rightly be called a musician. . . .
What will you play, dear—something
cheerful?"

  “Whatever you choose, dear,” said my
wife, and seated herself at the piano
with a sort of defiance.

  During lunch the sky had rapidly been
growing overcast, and now the first low
roll of thunder announced the coming
storm. The heavy pattering of the rain
supplied an accompaniment to mv wife’s
playing, and the bright and sparkling
cascades of notes that rippled from under
her fingers formed a strange contrast to
the gathering fury of the elements.

  The tramp seemed strangely excited
during the playing. At its conclusion he
remarked harshly:

  “You should have played Beethoven.
Play the Appassionata!”

  “I can’t,” said my wife, and then, ab-
ruptly :

  “Will you?”

  They looked each other squarely in the
eyes, and then, without a word, the tramp
took the place my wife vacated at the
piano. It was soon evident that the
tramp had not boasted of his musical
ability without cause. He played like a
man inspired. Perhaps the thunderous
accompaniment of the storm was partly
responsible for it. but never before had
music so profoundly affected me. As for
my wife, she sat like a woman in a trance.
Music always greatly excited her, but as
T watched her tense and rigid figure, her
flushed cheeks, and her glowing eyes,
JOHN W. N. SULLIVAN

37

fixed with an almost terrible intenlness
on the tramp, I could not blit heave a
sigh of relief at the final crashing chord
which brought the last movement of that
tremendous sonata to its close.

  For a space there was silence. Then
the tramp turned to me.

  “Listen! I am going to play some- .
thing very special.” He looked at me.
“I am going to tell you a lot of things,”
lie said.

  “What?” said my wife loudly.

  He spoke very deliberately:

  “A lot of things—on the piano,” he
added, with a curious smile.

  His smile changed to a mocking laugh.

  "A sort of Song without Words,” he
said to my wife.

  I could never describe the effect upon
me of that next performance. I am not,
perhaps, very sensitive to music, but in
that piece I saw something, I think, of
what great music may mean to a musi-
cian. He started with a dreamy, tender
melody, a very beautiful Iove-song,
which, changing to a minor key, became
transformed to something at once plead-
ing and pathetic. It suggested coldness
and desolation, and the sense of a great
loss bravely borne. And then again it
changed, and the first theme crept back,
becoming more and more richly orna-
mented, and gradually working up to a
glorious climax of passionate love. I
was greatly moved, and I saw that there
were tears in my wife’s eyes. And then,
just as the passionate love-theme seemed
changing into a great pa?an of triumph,
there rang out a crashing discord, cyn-
ical, brutal, dominating, against the love-
theme, which strove ever more faintly
to overcome that fiendish chorus. The
effect was so unexpected that I started
in my chair, and my wife gripped her
hands convulsively. And as the notes
flew faster and faster, and the music be-
came more wild and terrible, I saw the
face of the tramp change till it became
the face of a man in Hell. Beads of
perspiration stood out on his brow', knd

it was with a wild yell that he reached
the final climax. Simultaneously with
the cessation of the music, my wife fell
in a tumbled heap on the floor.

  I started to my feet, but the tramp was
by her side before me.

  “Fetch water,” he barked, and mechan-
ically I turned and went. As I entered
the room with the water, the tramp raised
his head hurriedly. He had been bend-
ing close over her face.

  “It’s only a faint,” he said shortly, and
rose to his feet.

  I knelt down and started to sprinkle
my wife’s hands and forehead.

  “Bring me a cushion for her head,” I
said over my shoulder.

  There was no answer. I screwed my
head round. The tramp had gone!

  My wife stirred feebly. “Jim.” she
moaned.

  She opened her eyes and looked into
my face. “What’s the matter, Jim?” she
whispered.

  “You fainted, my dear,” I said.

  She struggled to a sitting posture.

  “And the other man—the tramp?” she
said, glancing fearfully around.

  “He’s gone,” I said soothingly.

  She gave a sob of relief, and hid her
face on my breast.

  Suddenly she looked up. “But the
storm,” she said, “and he had no coat.”

  “He’s a strange man, dear,” I said
gravely. “I think I'm glad he’s gone.”

  She scanned my face for a moment.
“I’m very glad he’s gone.” She drew
my face down and kissed me.

  I have never seen the Strange Tramp
since. Apparently, he did not remain in
New London. For some reason, he ap-
pears to have abandoned his search, and
he is probably still tramping the country,
wasting his powers in defense of an ab-
surd philosophy. There was something
about the man which attracted me. I
feel sure there w-as more in him than I
understood, and that at the bottom he
had in him the makings of a man. My
38	THE WOMAN HABIT

 wife does not like to discuss him. He ished by his lonely and wandering life,
 certainly had a low opinion of women, As an old Greek has said: An unbe-
 and I sometimes think that his denial of lieving man merits the anger of the High
 woman’s truth and loyalty is fitly pun- Gods.”

 ' THE WOMAN HABIT

   By John Lynch

      Love is, after all, largely a function of nature.

 * * *

      The love of a courtesan is like a badly cooked dinner, that satisfies one's hun-
 ger but leaves one filled with disgust.

 * * *

     To be known as a cynic and a woman-hater is to be despised by men, toler-
 ated bv women, and adored by young girls.

 * * *

     If men treated their mistresses as they do their wives, immorality woul l
 go out of fashion for want of candidates.

 * * *

     If woman must be censured for having commercialized love, man must be
 held blamable for having made the enterprise profitable.

 * * *

     Primitive man found love so absorbing that he instituted marriage to give
 him a chance to think of other things.

 * * *

      No man can be argued into fidelity, but most men can be cajoled into it.

  * * * *

     When a woman becomes an expert in love, she may continue to inspire it,
 but her day for loving is over.

 * * *

     If men were permitted to have two wives, one would not bear the-slightest
 resemblance to the other.

 » * *

     A woman who boasts of her virtue either fears or hopes that it may be

 lost.

 * * *

     God proved Himself a humorist when he made man, and confirmed the fact
 when he made woman.

 * * *

     To be happy with a perfectly innocent man. a woman must be endowed
 with glorious memories or with inexhaustible hopes.

 * * *

     The secret of happiness in marriage is not to get too well acquainted.

              *	* *

     Marry while you are young; you wili know unhappiness, but you will get a
 s»p at the spring of life while it bubbles.

              *	♦ *

     At seventy all that most men demand is .something feminine.
A PROFESSIONAL HUSBAND

                By Harold Vickers

“■^T^OU actually want to employ me
as a—a husband?”

            Sinton stared at the girl in
frank amazement. She was not exactly
pretty, though her figure was distinctly
good and her face, if not of the even,
insipid charm beloved of those artists
who create magazine cover-designs, was
not without its attractiveness, especially
when the cheeks flamed as they did now,
under his startled gaze.

  “That is it—exactly.” Her voice was
level, even, but her bosom rose and fell
a trifle too swiftly for complete com-
posure, and her lingers interlaced nerv-
ously in her lap. He stared again, his
mind a little stunned by the unexpected
proposal. To respond to an advertise-
ment calling for ‘‘a gentleman possessing
unusual tact, discretion, and honor, for
a mission of delicacy,” is naturally to be
prepared for something out of the com-
mon; but he had not dreamed of any-
thing so extraordinary as this. He had
a momentary impulse to refuse point-
blank, but something in the girl’s face
made him resist it. He realized that he
distinctly wished to be of service to her,
and sensed that she would assuredly not
have conceived her fantastic plan with-
out desperately sound reason for it.

  “Why not let me understand the case
altogether?” he suggested kindly. “I
do not wish to pry, but if I am to con-
sider a proposal so remarkable, I must
know something of its details—and if
you are prepared to repose in me the
vast confidence required by your plan,
you may surely trust me with the ex-
planation.”

  She studied him doubtfully. He was

obviously a gentleman; she had realized
that at once. She saw now that his
clothes, though tastefully chosen and ad-
mirably cut, were worn and already a
little shabby. But his face invited faith
—a strong, honest, likable countenance,
she thought it, and his level blue eyes
met hers with a frank, open question in
them which her woman’s intuition bade
her answer.

  “If I tell you, will you promise to
help me?” she fenced. “I don’t dare
to explain unless I’m sure—”

  “I can’t promise unconditionally,” he
interrupted, as she paused for a word,
“but if what you ask is within the pos-
sibilities, I think you may count on me.
Try me, at all events, and if I cannot do
as you wish I can at least hold my peace
as to your confidence.”

  “Have you ever been in Deptford?’’
she demanded irrelevantly. He shook
his head.

  “I never even heard of it.”

  “You—you haven't lived here long?’’
“As I said in my letter, I’ve lived most
of my life in Peru. My father was a
mining engineer there. I came up here
six months ago, hoping to find a busi-
ness connection which would support
me, but the export trade is overcrowded.
I’m practically penniless, friendless, and
hopeless—which is why your advertise-
ment interested me.”

  “Then, no one here would be likely
to know you?”

  “No one here could possibly know
me.” He was positive on the point. Six
months of job-hunting had made him
sure of so much, at least.

  She took a sudden decision. “I'll

39
40

A PROFESSIONAL HUSBAND

risk it!” she cried. “I live in Deptford
—it’s two hundred miles up-state—a
dead-and-alive little town exactly like
hundreds and hundreds of others. I m
the ugly duckling in a big family—all the
others are pretty and popular. I hey all
married young—and well, as such things
go in Deptford. I didn’t. Nobody ever
looked at me. They elected me as the
family spinster when I was fifteen, and
I’ve been Aunt Ethel, poor, homely,
hopeless Aunt Ethel, ever since. Do you
realize what that means in a town like
Deptford ?”

  ‘T can guess.” He smiled sympathet-
ically. "Our colony in Pasco wasn’t very
large, you know. People are very much
alike the world around."

  “Well, I endured it for years and
years and years—until it seemed as if I
couldn’t stand it another minute. And
when, by some miracle, a man—an ac-
tual, live man—did look twice at me, I
didn't stop to ponder it. All that mat-
tered was that I was going to escape
from Deptford and involuntary aunt-
hood at last. When this—this man sug-
gested that I run away and marry him
secretly, I—I agreed. I had some money
—I forgot to say that we’re pretty well
off, at least according to the Deptford
standard—and I packed a bag and left
a note saying simply that I was going to
Traybany to be married. That was all.
I wanted it to stun them, you see—no
warning, no explanations, just the blunt
announcement.”

   “It would stun them, I’ll admit,” he
smiled. “What then ?”

   She hesitated, flushing again. “Well,
I met him at Traybany, and in ten min-
utes I realized what 1 was doing; but
it was ten minutes too late! He—he was
wholly impossible. But I knew I’d
burned my bridges. I had to stand by
it, then. So I wired them at home that
I was married and on my way to New
York for my honeymoon. My honey-
moon!’’ She was silent, her face hard
and bitter, her eyes glowing.

  "I—I’m very sorry.”

  She smiled her pathetic gratitude for
the trite remark, and Sinton realized
that her smile was distinctly appealing.
It seemed to lighten her face like the
sudden glow of a friendly lamp.

  “So I intended to stay on here, letting
them back in Deptford think that it
was all right. But I might have known
that wouldn’t do—they were all con-
vinced that I’d made a fool of myself
over some fortune-hunter—exactly as I
had, and my uncle, who is also my guard-
ian and trustee, refuses to. supply me
with money unless he is convinced that
I’m not wasting it on a worthless hus-
band. He says that if my husband can’t
support me I’d better come home; and if
my husband can support me, why should
I need money?”

  “But he has no right to hold back
your own funds,” protested Sinton.

  “No; but, you see, he thinks it’s his
duty to protect me, and that’s one way
of doing it. I’ve either got to produce
a satisfactory husband, to set his mind
at rest, or else go back to Deptford in
disgrace, to be pitied and sighed over
the rest of my days.”

  “I see; and if your husband satisfies
your people, they will have 110 objection
to giving you your property and letting
you go away with him—is that -it?”
“Yes. Of course I’d take pains to
go far enough away so that none of
them would be likely to visit me, and
after a year or two I’d write them that
he was dead or something, and come
home, if I wanted to. You sec, the only
way I can get my money otherwise is
by making a fuss, which will show them
all just what a fool I’ve been. And I
won’t do that! I won’t be pitied and
patronized and—and auntied all my
days. I’ll starve first!”

  “Then, all I’d have to do would be
to play the part of husband for a brief
time, and so convince your relatives of
my good character that they’ll trust you
with me—is that it?”
HAROLD VICKERS

41

  "Yes, Of course I’ll provide every-
thing you need to—to impress them—
clothes and things, you know. And I—
I'll be able to pay you very well as soon
as I get my money. It’s quite a lot—
for Deptford.1'

  Sinton flushed in his turn. He was
acutely conscious of his sartorial defi-
ciencies, but every fibre of him rebelled
at repairing them at a woman’s expense.
She seemed to sense his thought.

  “You mustn't take offense,” she said
quickly. “It's no disgrace to be hard
up—goodness knows I’ll be soon if you
don't help me! Of all the letters I re-
ceived in answer to my advertisement,
yours was the only one I dared to fol-
low up. If you won’t help me, I’ll just
have to—”

  “I’ll do it!” Sinton came quickly to
his decision. “We’ll show your people
that they were all wrong about you.
And I'll endeavor to put up an appear-
ance which will turn your sisters green
with envy. I’ve always thought I’d
make a jolly good actor.”

  She beamed on him. “Oh, thank you!
I hoped you would. You seemed a—a
sort of answer to prayer when you came
in.” She sobered suddenly and glanced
at him with a pathetically wistful appeal
in her eyes. “I wonder if you’d mind—
seeming—seeming very fond of me?”
she asked timidly. “Not—not just dis-
tantly friendly, yju know, but—”

  Sinton smiled. “I think I can man-
age that too/* he said.

  “No, sir.” L'ncle Henry Hinkle, titu-
lar head of the clan, and financial despot
of Deptford, shook his head to empha-
size his words. “I don’t put much faith
in appearances. You look all right, but
I’m not going to trust my niece’s happi-
ness to a stranger just on account of
looks, no, nor yet her money.’’

  Sinton reddened a little at the implied
insult, in spite of his determination to
face the situation with imperturbable
good-nature. “YTour interest in Ethel

does you credit, sir,” he said quietly.
“As to her money, that is none of mv
affair.”

  Uncle Henry leaped at the opening af-
forded by this indiscreetly chivalrous re-
mark. “Then, you don’t care whether
she gets control of her funds at once or
Jater onhe demanded quickly, his
keen old eyes glittering under their
shaggy brows. Sinton cursed his folly
roundly to himself, but answered with-
out perceptible hesitation.

  “I want Ethel to have her rights, of
course,” he said. “If her money is due
her now, as I understand it is, I want
her to have it. I can take care of her,
of course, but she naturally wishes to
have her own funds, and I want her to
have whatever she wants. That is my
position.”

  “I’m. I see!” Uncle Henry’s voice
was dry. “Well, it ain’t mine—yet.
Ethel doesn’t know what’s good for her,
and I do. I don’t know a thing about
you. You may be any sort of a rascal,
so far as I can tell. I may not have any
right to hang on to her money, but I
guess you'll find I’ve got the power. Try
suing me here in Deptford and see what
you get!”

  Sinton realized that he was endanger-
ing the success of the whole plan. He
forced himself to speak evenly. “I have
no intention of dragging family matters
into the courts,” he said. “Nor has
Ethel. We have come here merely to
satisfy your natural curiosity regarding
myself. I have already explained to you
who I am and what I am. You have
had an opportunity to look me over and
form your opinion for yourself. If that
is not sufficient, Ethel will have to get
along without her money until you are
convinced that it is safe to trust her with
it. P.ut in that case she will harbor a
natural belief that she has been unjustly
treated and perhaps conceive suspicions
as to your motives.”

  “My motives!’’ L’ncle Henry bristled.
“What does that mean?”
A PROFESSIONAL HUSBAND

  Sinton realized that he had struck the
right note. He laughed apologetically.
“I’m afraid she thinks that your reluc-
tancc is due in part to a desire to con-
tinue in control of her money; that pos-
sibly it is of use to you to be able to
make her investments and so on. Of
course she has said nothing about this
to anv one except me—as yet, but

  “That's fine, that is!” Uncle Henry
fumed. “My own niece thinking I’m a
crook! And all because I’m looking out
for her interests!”

  “You can’t blame her/’ said Sinton.
“And so far she hasn’t said anything to
anybody else about it. But of course
she’s likely to talk sooner or later.
Women are built that way- Of course
your reputation here can stand it,
though.”

  ^*1 guess it can!” But Uncle Henry
knew that it could not. One does not
do a big business in second-mortgages
and chattel ioans in a farming commu-
nity without acquiring a certain repute
for unsavory motives. A considerable
number of people would joyfully believe
the worst of Uncle Henry. And that
astute citizen knew that a rumor of this
sort would spread swiftly until it brought
depositors into the Hinkle bank to with-
drew their funds. He temporized.

  “Look here,” he proposed, his manner
changing a little. “I—1 don’t want hard
feelings in the family. All I’m after is
to be sure that )rou want Ethel for her-
self and not her money. I want to make
certain that she’ll be happy with you.
Now, here’s my offer: you stay here
with us for a little while—a week or
two or three, maybe—and give me a
chance to see how you get on. The
minute I m satisfied, I’ll turn her prop-
erty oyer to her without a word. I’ll
lpave it to you if that ain’t fair.”

  Sinton thought quickly. He was
forced to admit that it was more than
fair, from Uncle Henry’s point of view.
But to spend a week or more in the
Hinkle homestead on terms of matri-

monial intimacy’—! It would be a situ-
ation not wholly pleasing to Ethel, he
felt sure. He had already seen enough
of the Hinkle regime to realize that the
customs of the household were decidedly
free from any taint of metropolitan ar-
tificiality. For a moment he thought of
rejecting the proposal, but two influences
deterred him. To refuse would be to
confirm every half-formed suspicion on
the part of this shrewd old man, and so
nuliify the object of the masquerade;
and a sudden distaste for parting abrupt-
ly from Ethel completed the argument
for the affirmative.

  “It is fair,” he conceded. “I’ll be glad
to stay on here until you’re satisfied,
sir; and, though I think Ethel will prob-
ably regret interrupting her wedding-
journev, I feel sure she’ll be willing,
too.”

  “Good!’’ Uncle Henry sighed with
relief. “Then, that’s all settled. Ill
just call up the house and tell Martha
to fix up the front room for you. It’s
the bride’s room, you know—all the girls
have had it when they came home from
their honeymoons.”

 Room! And for a stay of weeks!
Sinton wondered what Ethel would say
when she knew. As for himself, he,was
surprised to discover how easily he rec-
onciled himself to the prospect.

  “This is terrible!” Ethel glanced
about the room desper... ely. She bad
contrived to conceal her feelings through
the evening, after Uncle Henry’s trium-
phant announcement at the supper-taWe:
but Sinton had detected her perturbation
easily enough, and had found, in the
glance which she turned toward him
again and again, a certain dawning of
distrust, if not of fear.

  “It can’t be helped,” he said calmly,
slipping the bolt in the door and draw-
ing her toward the window, that their
whispered conversation might not be
overheard outside the room. “If I'd of-
fered any objection, he’d have made you
HAROLD VICKERS

43

fight for your money through every
court. This was positively the only way
to satisfy him. And, after all, it’s not
impossible, you know. We were on
pretty thin ice, anyway—this doesn’t
complicate the situation very much.”

  She flashed an angry look at him.
“Not very much!” she repeated hotly,
under her breath. “How can we occupy
one room for weeks and weeks, and not
'complicate the situation’? It’s im-
possible—I won’t go on with it! I’ll tell
them the whole story and make them put
you out! I thought you were a gentle-
man !”

  He flushed, but refused to lose his
temper. “I try to be,” he said quietly.
“Don’t leap at conclusions, please. It’s
embarrassing for you, I know, but it’s
better than being made a laughing-stock
for the whole town, isn’t it? Better than
continuing to be treated as a pitiful
spinster, unfit to handle your own
money? Better than—”

  “Oh, you’re hateful!” she sobbed, sud-
denly giving way to tears. “How could
you put me in such a position? Either
way I’m disgraced. There’s no escape!”

  “There has been no escape from that
danger since the moment you ran away,”
he told her. “It will only make things
vastly worse to confess the deception
now. Your only chance is to bluff this
thing through with me. I thought it all
out before I agreed to it, you may be
sure.”

  She shook the tears from her eyes
and faced him proudly, defiantly.

  “Yes, that’s true. I’ll be disgraced
forever if 1 tell. Nobody will believe
anything but the worst of me. But I'll
know better. I'll know that I’ve done
nothing wrong. And I’d rather have
that knowledge than gain protection
from scandal at the price of knowing
that I have—have done something of
which to be—to be ashamed.”

  He was very patient. “My dear girl,
there’s no question of being ashamed or
of wrong-doing,” he said. “If we hap-

pen to occupy the same room, it doesn’t
require us to be sinners unless we
choose, does it? I’ve tried to protect
you throughout this affair, and I’m not
going to change my course now—you
may be quite sure of that.”

  She stared at him. Then her eyes
wandered about the room desperately, as
if seeking an escape from the hopeless
situation. “But—but—but,” she stam-
mered helplessly, “you can’t—you can't
possibly stay here—”

  He smiled. “Why not? I’ve often
spent weeks at a time in native huts
where the whole family ate and slept in
the same room. I don’t see the differ-
ence, except that this room is consider-
ably larger and happens to be equipped
with a comfortable couch on which I
shall sleep vastly better than I used to
on the clay floor of the native chuco.
T know it’s a bit difficult for you—you’ve
been brought up to confuse appearances
with facts—but you’ll find it’s not so
bad. Come—you’ve trusted me pretty
far already; trust me a little farther.”
She studied him. What she read in
his frank eyes seemed to reassure her.
Her own ceased to be wide with fright
and gradually brightened. “You—you
don’t think I’m—I’m a bad woman,
then?” she asked softly. “You don’t im-
agine that because I ran away to get
married and then ran away from the
man, I’m—I’m the kind of girl that
doesn’t care—”

  He laughed outright at her earnest-
ness, but there was a touch of sympathy
and admiration in his mirth. "My dear
child, I don’t think anything about it—
I knoxv what you are. And it’s because
I do know it that I’m trying so hard to
shield you from the consequences of
your recklessness. You can’t fancy that
this sort of thing is exactly pleasant for
me, can you?”

  “Isn’t it?” She surveyed him in {lat-
ent surprise. “I—I thought all men
would—” She flushed under his swiftly-
changing gaze and could not finish her
44

A PROFESSIONAL HUSBAND

sentence. He was silent for a moment
before lie answered, bis voice almost
tender.

  “Your ideas are partially sound,” he
said. “All men—including me—are in-
stinctively brutes. A cad would revel in
this situation, because his instincts and
his intentions would agreeably coincide.
A gentleman—and you remember that
1 endeavor to be one so far as in me lies
—a gentleman must strangle those same
brute instincts by sheer force of will.
It's not exactly pleasant for me.

  She was instantly penitent. “Forgive
me—I didn’t understand. I thought that
either you didn’t intend to—to strangle
those—those instincts, or else you didn’t
find me worth getting excited about. I
see how you feel now, and I’m sorry,
and more grateful than I can tell you.'

  He turned his back on her abruptly.
It dawned upon him suddenly that she
was vastly more alluring than he had
thought; that as she stood there, her face
flushed with her emotions, her eyes in-
nocent and admiring, the artless admis-
sion that it mattered to her to know
that he did not find her unalluriug still
on her lips, the temptation to fling
scruples to the winds and sweep her into
his arms was all but overpowering. lie
foresaw a difficult fortnight before their
enterprise should succeed.

  “We’ll have to get used to the idea
of using this room together,” he said
tonelessly, after a pause. “Can you—
manage without the lamp? It will be
easier if we can make the darkness
serve as a wall.”

  “Of course.” But there was a touch
of regret in her voice as she assented.
He quickly extinguished the light and
crossed to the window, so that she might
see him, silhouetted vaguely against the
dim illumination which penetrated the
shade from the street-lamps outside.
Standing there in the gloom, he could
hear the faint whisper of fabrics as she
made ready for ihe night, the sound of
her brush as she arranged her hair, the

  soft thud of her pumps on the rug. He
clenched his hands fiercely. It was go-
ing to be worse than his apprehensions
had painted it—this fortnight of pre-
tense.

  “Here—here arc some blankets.” lie
heard the fall of a bare foot close behind
him as the words came timidly to his
ears, and turned to accept the burden.
Their hands touched as he took it, and
a sharp, electric thrill sped along his taut
nerves at the accidental contact. He
caught her own indrawn gasp and knew
that she shared, to an extent, the tension
which held him rigid as though with a
paralysis of all his muscles.

  “Thanks,” he said hoarsely. “Good
night.”

  “Good night.” He heard her patter
across the room to her bed and then the
involuntary gasp as she slipped between
the cold linen sheets. For a long time
he continued to stand at the window,
holding his bundle of blankets in his
arms and struggling with the impulses
which most sharply produce the nice dis-
tinction between a man and a brute.
Then, removing his outer clothing, lest
its appearance suffer from nocturnal us-
age, he wrapped the blankets about him
and flung himself down on the couch, to
lie awake until the gray light of the
morning came through the eastern win-
dows. Only then did he venture so much
as a glance toward the sleeping girl.

  She was utterly adorable in the art-
less innocence of sleep, her dark hair
framing the oval of her face against the
background of pillows, one rounded arm
lying above the coverlet, her cheek rest-
ing on the palm of the other hand. It
came upon him, in that moment of un-
derstanding, that this was the one wom-
an of his life, the one woman who had
made it unthinkable that there should
be another in the wide world for him.
And in the same instant he knew that,
for all the empty formality of it, she
would not be his so long as even the emp-
tiest of formalities bound her to the
HAROLD VICKERS

45

scoundrel she had technically married.
When she woke he had gone, to face the
clumsy witticisms of Uncle Henry, an-
other early riser, concerning the bad
taste of bridegrooms whose thoughts
turned ungallantly toward the buckwheat
cakes of breakfast.

  “I wish you’d fix things up so as to
stay right here in Deptford, Ed. Why,
the wagon works would be a regular
mint if you'd just take charge! I never
thought there was a chance of selling
the Hinkle Cart abroad till you up and
proved it. Eight thousand dollars1 worth
of ’em in two weeks! Think of it!”

  Uncle Henry Hinkle looked up from
the sheaf of export orders to beam ap-
proval on his newest nephew. He was
not in the habit of praising without more
than due cause. Sinton had earned the
approval, and more. It had been a re-
lief to plunge into the task of enlighten-
ing his supposititious brothers-in-law on
certain simple mysteries of export dur-
ing his forced sojourn in Deptford, and
luck had favored him. A huge commis-
sion house in New York had discovered
in the Hinkle Cart exactly what its
foreign clients needed, and Uncle Henry
was already deep in plans for the speedy
enlargement of the factory which was
one of the several family enterprises.

  “I wish I could,” said Sinton, “but it’s
quite impossible, I’m afraid. I’ve got
too much to do elsewhere.” He made
the excuse mechanically, but its falsity
almost amused him. Except for his
"wages” from Ethel—which he wras
firmly resolved not to accept—he would
leave Deptford penniless and jobless, to
resume the struggle for sustenance with
only a new trouble to reward his efforts
in the girl’s behalf. For the knowledge
which had come to him in that first
night had deepened as the days went by
and more wakeful nights of vain long-
ing followed on their heels. It had be-
come an endless pain merely to see the
girl as she went about the old house at

  her resumed housewifely duties, to hear
the voice which had become so strangely
musical in his ears, to meet the eyes
which glanced at him ever and again with
something of his own desire mirrored in
their depths. And the nights were night-
mares—endless hours of struggle against
-his surging love for her, broken by in-
tervals of sleep in which she haunted his
dreams.

  “Well, I suppose that’s so,” Uncle
Henry was saying regretfully. “Couldn’t
hardly expect a business-man like you
to tie himself down in a town like Dept-
ford. Tf it would do any good, I’d offer
you a third interest in the works to stay
on and run ’em for us. Ethel’s got a
third, anyway, and I’d hang on to the
other for all I’m worth, with you in
control. Why don’t you think it over?”

  Sinton knew that a third interest in
the concern would mean an income far
beyond anything he might hope to earn
for years to come; he knew that he could
build up the sales so that the works
would make him rich before he was
ready to retire. But he could not reach
out to grasp the opportunity which
chance flung in his way. For him there
was no possibility of remaining in Dept-
ford—Ethel had" put that out of the
question. There could be no means of
clearing up the impossible situation so
that he could stay. It was inconceivable
that he should go on enduring the tor-
ture of her nearness, of the mockery of
marriage in which he spent the endless
nights. There was no help for it; as
soon as Ethel had control of her money,
they must go—and separate. Sometimes
he thought of that reparation as a desert
wanderer dreams of a cooling spring—
it seemed as though anything must be
preferable to the agony of denied desire.
But nearly always he dreaded it even
more than he dreaded the present. 1 he
thought of losing her was harder to face
now than the thought of living with her,
yet apart from her.

   “I’ll talk it over with Ethel,” he said
46

A PROFESSIONAL HUSBAND

at last “By the way, I suppose you’re
satisfied as to—as to my intentions and
motives, by this time?”

   Uncle Henry chuckled. “I’m not say-
ing a word about that till after you've
talked it over with Ethel. Maybe I
could keep you. here by refusing to let
her have her own way. You see her
about it and let me know."

   Sinton contrived to smile. For all the
old man’s banter, he knew the fight was
won, the task accomplished. Ethel’s
uncle trusted him more than enough now
to turn over the girl’s money to her.
And he might go when he chose—the
torture of being near to her and yet
barred from her need not endure for
another day, if he so willed. He rose
and left the office. For the rest of the
afternoon he wandered along the bleak
roads, fighting his battle with himself.
He could not make up his mind to go
on with the hideous farce of pretending
to be married to the girl he wanted with
ever)' fibre of his being; still less could
he decide to put her altogether from his
life. When he came home for the sup-
per to which Uncle Henry still clung
instead of the modern institution of an
evening dinner, he was still undecided.
And Ethl’s bridelike welcome only added
to his doubt. Somehow he endured the
evening. It seemed an age before Ethel
bade her uncle good night and waved a
hand to her husband. When they were
alone together he made up his mind to
speak, but he could not.

   “I need the light, Edgar," she said as
he would have extinguished it. “I can’t
fix ray hair properly unless I can see.”

  He made no comment. His back
toward her, he stared at the wall. He
mould not turn, not even when she called
his name—called it in a tone which set
his pulses throbbing giddily.

   “Well t" His tone was almost gruff.
There was a slight pause, and her voice
was hurt when she spoke again:

   “You—you don’t care the least little
bit, do you ?”

  He could scarcely credit his senses.
She actually wanted him to care! She
was actually trying to break down the
wall of reserve which he had built about
his love at such sore cost to himself!
Poor innocent! She knew no better—
she did not dream how turbulent those
emotions could be once they escaped
control. He must be wise for them
both.

  “I didn’t undertake to do that, did I?”
he asked flippantly. “I’ve kept my part
of the bargain, haven’t I? You can get
your money whenever you want it."

  There was silence behind him. He '
waited a long time for her answer, his
nerves braced to resist the insidious in-
fluence of her hurt tone. But no word
came from her. He wondered if she
had heard him rightly. Suddenly her
hand came before his eyes, holding a
sheaf of bills.

  “I’ve had my money for a week.’’ she
said, her voice void of emotion. “Here
is what I owe you. You’ve earned it.”

  He was stunned. “A week!’’ he
gasped. “Then, why—why didn't you
tell me?”

  “That doesn’t matter now, does it?
Take the money—it’s yours.”

  He found himself on his feet, facing
her, and in that first glimpse he forgot
everything on earth except the one over-
whelming thought that above all else he
wanted this woman for his own, that for
her he would exchange everything he
hoped to own or be—even his claim to
gentlemanly estate. For her he would
make himself a contemptible cad, a cur.
a bounder; for her he would damn his
soul. His eyes drank her in as the
drunkard drains his glass. Her dusky
hair about her shoulders, her slender
throat bare, the beauty of her intoxicat-
ed him like some subtle stimulating drug.
Without conscious volition, his arms
went about her. crushing her to him, his
lips raining eager kisses on her hair, her
eyes, her yielding, receptive lips.

  “And I thought you didn’t care!” The
ALIEN

47

words were almost reverent, for all the
smile upon the lips that spoke them—the
lips that seemed made for kisses. He
laughed—the mad, desperate laugh of
the man who has fought his battle
against himself and lost.

  “So you kept still about the money to
find out, eh? You wanted to see if I
wouldn't—care, before you let me go!
Well, you’ve found out! You’ve dis-
covered that I’m only human, after all
—that all my fine talk about being able
to behave like a gentleman was nothing
but talk! And what’s to be the end of
it all? This can’t go on! We can’t stay
on here, pretending to be married!
Your husband is sure to turn up—”

  He broke off to stare at her in blank
surprise. She was laughing—laughing
like a roguish child ! “What—what’s the
matter?”

  “You warned me not to jump at con-
clusions once,” she said happily. “Take
your own medicine, dear. I never told
you that I was married! You assumed
it, and I let you think so, but I’m not—
unless this masquerade of ours has mar-

ried me to you. I meant to marry that
horrible man, but the moment I saw him
T knew I couldn’t. I ran away from him
ten minutes after I met him. But I’d
burned my bridges. I—I couldn’t go
back without a husband after the letter
I’d left behind me. And some blessed
accident of chance brought me you!”
He was speechless. He could only
hold her fast, trying to believe that this
impossible thing had actually happened
to him, that he was not to lose her, after
all, that she was truly his. Against his
shoulder she whispered softly:

  “We can run off somewhere and be
married quietly, you know. I suppose it
would be better. Isn’t it queer, though?
All my life I’ve thought it was the cere-
mony that counted!” She laughed a
little. “And now it seems as though it
really doesn’t matter a bit. I—I know,
down in my heart, that I’ve been mar-
ried to you for weeks!”

  He found his tongue at last. “Weeks!”
he repeated scornfully. “From before
the beginning, dear! And until after the
end!”

 ALIEN

           By Adam Hull Shirk

 YOU are the daughter of another race,

 Dark as the mantle of a desert night.

 JNly Saxon blood drives blushes to my face

 When round your neck my arms gleam, silver white.

 Yours is the passion of the hot simoons

 That gather all the heat of sun-baked sands;

 Beneath your close-clung kiss my spirit swoons
 And lays my heart, a snared bird, in your hands.

 You hold me subject to your passion’s will—

 My lips the well to slake your fever’s fire

 As at some lost oasis Arabs fill

 Their water-skins against the desert’s ire.

 So would I hold you to the luring brink

 Of my calm northern love, nor let you roam

 Afield, for then your wild desire to drink

 My cooling kiss would make my arms your home.
RESTITUTION

By Charles Henkle

“■pUNNY you should have called Peter Huntley a miser,” commented young
M Phelps, forcing his way into the circle about the blazing log-fire. “Not
that he isn't,” he hastened to add, as one or two attempted interruption,
“but it’s peculiar that you should be talking of it now. ’

“What’s the story?” asked Hoadley. The others hitched forward their chairs

and gave ear.

    “Nothing much. I met Huntley downtown this evening just after dark. He
had just picked up a newspaper that some man had dropped, and was reading ii
under the glare of a corner light. He joined me, and we walked down the ave-
nue. His clothes were threadbare—as usual.

    “At the comer of Corning Avenue a woman accosted us and asked for alms.
She was—oh, thirty-five maybe, but she looked sixty. A human wreck, at the
very bottom rung of the ladder. She had a bundle in her arms—to fool people
into thinking it was a baby. And Huntley—the miser, the dollar-squeezer”—
Phelps paused for dramatic effect—“handed her a crisp, new five-dollar bill!”

    Silence fell on the circle. Then Donovan laughed derisively. “You’ve been
drinking,” he asserted. “Huntley would sell his immortal soul for five dollars.”

    Peter Huntley finished the frugal meal prepared by himself for himself in
his musty, ill-furnished bedroom. He raised the wick of the lamp slightly, be-
grudging even the tiny additional waste of oil, and drew from a desk-drawer
six bank-books. Huntley kept his money in six banks—for safety's sake.

    He smiled contentedly at the list of deposits appearing in their columns.
Then he frowned.

    “That five dollars might have gone in there, too,” he mourned.

    He lowered the light again, and placed the bank-books away affectionately,
tenderly. Then he doffed his clothes and climbed into the rickety cot in the
corner. And as he lay there he remembered the girl of his youth : his love for
her, their elopement, their month together—and then the brutal way in which he
had deserted her, without ever having gone through the formality of a marriage
ceremony.

    He had almost forgotten her—until to-night. The wreck to whom he had
given five dollars was the girl of long ago!

    Five dollars!’ He sighed wearily. Then a new’ thought struck him.
He smiled contentedly as he turned on his side. “At last,” he muttered, “I can
steep in peace. I have made restitution.”

48
A MAN OF AFFAIRS

       By Nellie Cravey Gillmore

  THE girl’s lips parted tragically. A
  dull horror gathered slowly in
  her wide, blue eyes. Her round,
  boyish face, framed in a mass of close-
  cropped, jet curls, whitened from throb-
  bing throat to blue-veined temples. She
  leaned forward suddenly in her chair,
  her tense hands clasped about her
  trembling knees, her gaze never leaving
  the smug, complacent face of the man
  who, finishing his dissertation, sat smil-
  ing indulgently as he puffed languid spi-
  rals of smoke toward the ceiling. From
  time to time, he carelessly flicked the
  ash from his stogie, and glanced ap-
  praisingly at its glowing tip. At last he
  resumed:

    “Now, there’s not a bit of use of your
  flying off the track like this, Carmena.
  You're no infant, or ingenue. You’re
  not even ‘young and inexperienced,' as
  the writer-folk put it. You’re twenty-
  seven, and you have been on the stage
  eight years. You’ve known life as it is
  in the drama, if you have not lived it
  I personally. You—”

She halted him with a gesture of re-
i pugnance. “Those are all flimsy argu-
% ments, Dudley. Because a woman is an
1: actress is no sign that she is not still—a
woman. Because I have delineated the
; crucial side of life before the footlights
t does not signify that I have assimilated
j its wantonness. The fact that I have
/ witnessed sorrow and misery in some of
3 its blackest phases is no reason why I
i should be fortified against its encroach-
ment upon my own life. I admit that
I have been a fool—most women in love
* act the part, one way or another. I loved
i you, and believed in you. Until I met

you, my record was without spot or
blemish. A man of the world and of af-
fairs, you understood perfectly how to
handle me. I was swept off my feet by
your dominant love-making and your
subtle phrases, and you found me in my
trust and malleability an easy victim
That I did not meet you on the accepted
grounds of a vulgar liaison, you, who
are a past master in the art of amours,
know, and you also know that in no
word or deed did you indicate to me
your belief in my knowledge of the true
character of your intentions. On the
contrary you spoke of our ‘future,' of
children, of—of all the things one would
associate with an honorable life, and un-
der the spell of my love for you I gave
all—and you took all. Had I never
made the slip, how would the affair have
terminated, I wonder! As it is—and if
the love you profess is genuine—does
the fact of our error exonerate either
of us from our obligations?"

  Berrington flung his cigar into the
grate and fitted his long, curving fingers
together, tip by tip. A show of sang-
froid was essential to render his words
effective. He shrugged.

  “Obligations?” He laughed, as though
in relish of a huge joke. “My dear
young lady, as regards the relations of
men and women, that word has long
since skidded from our vocabulary.
Your sex has demonstrated its ability,
through its desire, to stand side by side,
shoulder to shoulder, with ours. The
responsibility is mutual. Il we’re to be
good sports, we must take a chance. To
prove our ginger, we must be game
losers—eh ?’*

49
50

A MAN OF AFFAIRS

  Despite the rein she had upon herself,
Carmena’s lips trembled.

  "Then, it was only a gamble—with
marked cards?” she said slowly, a harsh
note creeping into her voice. "You
never really—cared?”

  "Cared? Of'course I did—and I do.
I’m quite fond of you, you little Irish
rose! But I’m not a marrying man.
Believe me, the yoke of matrimony is
iron and wormwood combined; the mar-
riage-couch is the death-bed of romance.
Why spoil our happiness by continued
references to the prosaic, the impos-
sible?"

  The girl fell back in her chair, her
hands outspread upon the great, flat
arms, the flickering glare of the pink and
yellow fire falling mockingly upon her
still, set features. There were no tears,
no sighs; only a dead coldness, realiza-
tion freezing to despair.

  Berrington stretched himself, smiled,
reached over, and laid a soft, sinuous
hand on her knee. "Come, come, little
girl! Away with dull care! The baby
Delft up there says half-past seven. I've
tickets in my pocket for ‘The Blue Bird,’
and the show begins at eight-thirty. Get
into your things and—’’

  But Carmena flung off his touch with
a gesture of loathing, and sat upright,
stiffening of a sudden from the diminu-
tive tips of her bronze slippers to the
crown of her shining curls. Her words
came with a brittle snap, absolutely de-
void of their old mellowness, their erst-
while tenderness and appeal.

  "It is all over, all over, do you under-
stand? I can’t go on this way. I won't.
I see my mistake in all its naked hideous-
ness. 1 he time to recoup lias come.
I’m going to begin right now. I’m going
to blot this week out of my life forever
—erase every memory—and start again
with a clean slate. If, as you say, it is
all a game, then I shall play straight
from now on. It’s the only way to win
«n the long run. You can’t get away
with cheating always.”

  Berrington’s brows went up, and some
of the florid color faded from his face.
Me gazed at her curiously, with a touch
of apprehension. The affair was but
seven days old, and satiety had not yet
begun its process of conversion, lie
was fond of the girl, and the prospect
of losing her so soon affected him dis-
agreeably. He rose and went to the
back of her chair, letting his hands slip
down till they encircled her velvet chin.

  "Carmena," he pleaded, “don’t you
love me? How can you be so merciless?
Does the past count for nothing? Are
you going to leave me like this?”

  A wild little laugh broke from her
lips. She jerked herself out of his
reach, rose, and faced him. Her eyes
were luminous with suppressed fire;
crimson blazed in her cheeks.

  "If my love means so much to you,”
she said passionately, "there is a way
for you to keep it. The past, as you put
it. has its place, without a doubt; but
the future has a bigger one. It is in
the future we must live. But for my
own part, I intend that that living shall
be right I shall willingly, gladly, for-
get every horrible thing you have sai l
if, as a man of honor, you wish to help
me retrieve—”

  "Poppycock, Carmena! If I’d list-
ened to all such twaddle that's been
dished out to me. I*d have Brigham
Young skinned alive. I told you I was
not a marrying man. I tried that once,
and I got an overdose. Prunella obli-
gingly divorced me. convinced herself of
the truth of my arguments: that matri-
mony was the crucifixion of sentiment.
Afterwards she died, leaving a fair
young daughter whom I have wisely
kept penned up in a convent in Switzer-
land these past ten years. If I were a
‘man of honor,' the type you designate,
I should have proceeded immediately to
make Carlotta and Helen and Mazie and
the whole endless string of them my
wives in turn. Some of them were sen-
sible—like myself—and we parted amic-
NELLIE CRAVEY GILLMORE

51

ably; others, not so sensible, are, I pre-
sume, still engaged in devising schemes
for my destruction as promised, or have
discreetly gone on to other—things.
While I love, 1 love deeply and exclu-
sively. But it were far better to part
from dear ones with sweet recollections
than to hang on only to witness the in-
evitable corrosion of our ideals and feel
the disintegration of cherished illusions.
Therefore, loveliest of women, let us
separate while the charm of our affec-
tion is fresh and beautiful. The desola-
tion will be hard to bear; but it could
not be so cruel as the disillusion which
would certainly follow if we acted other-
wise.”

 Carmena stood by the mantel, the
pink flesh of her bare arm pressed
against the sharp edge. A contemptuous
little smile twisted her lips, scarlet as
peonies.

  “If you are finished,” she observed
coolly, “I must ask you for about two
minutes in which to settle a little busi-
ness proposition. May I proceed?”

  Berrington bowed and dropped easily
into his chair.

  Carmena crossed the floor, a silken
swish of rose-colored draperies making
music about her, and paused before a
small, rosewood escritoire. She turned
the key and took from a compartment a
neatly-bound packet. This she placed
in Berrington’s hands.

  “You will find there an amount suf-
ficient to cover my expenses for the
past week. Most of the jewels you have
given me are in the bank. I will get
them to-morrow, and, together with
what I have here, forward them to you
at once. Now you may go.”

  Berrington opened his lips by way of
protest, but his furtive eyes caught the
glitter in hers, and he compromised on
a rather stupid little nod. He got up
and straightened his tie before the man-
tel mirror. Carmena went into the ante-
room and returned with his fur coat
and green Alpine. He took them from

her in silence, with an awkwardness
that was new to him. He stole surrep-
titious glances toward her, but they told
him nothing. She seemed as passive,
as immobile, as stone. Only her eyes
hinted emotion, and that was indefinable.

  He drew on his coat and buttoned it
up. Hat in hand, he walked toward the
door. On the threshold he turned.

  “Good-by,” he said.

  “Good-by,” she answered.

  The months that followed were none
too savory ones for Dudley Berrington,
man of affairs. Business took a dis-
couraging slump. Some of his invest-
ments proved worthless. He suffered
an acute attack of inflammatory rheum-
atism, and the long hours of confinement
told upon his nerves. His dissipations
had weakened his powers of resistance,
and he brooded.

  Furthermore, he missed Carmena.
The little actress had made more of a
dent in his life than wras usually the
case with his affaires de cirur. He ad-
mitted the fact reluctantly, though he
explained it on the ground that their
relations had ended almost as soon as
they had begun. He had enjoyed only
a taste of this last amour, Avhereas, as a
rule, he was accustomed to glut himself
upon the fruit of his desires before toss-
ing away the empty rind. He had
neither seen nor heard of her since the
night of their parting. And he won-
dered—many things.

  To add to the stress, a letter came
from Switzerland, informing him of his
daughter’s graduation in June, follow-
ing which, according to previous ar-
rangement, she would leave for America.
A nunnish girl of eighteen! What in
the world would he do with her ? She
would, of course, have to come to her
father’s home to live—there was no al-
ternative; but such a contingency filled
Berrington with forebodings. It meant
that there would have to be a complete
change in his mode of living; a giving-
52

A MAN OF AFFAIRS

up of his fast friends, and the renuncia-
tion of most of the pleasures with which
he had filled his life.

  As the weeks went on, he experienced
greater and greater depression and ap-
prehension. When the day of her ar-
rival rolled around, it was only by a
tremendous effort of the will, grown
flabby from lack of exercise, that he
screwed himself up to face the ordeal.
There was one thing, at least, to be
thankful for - for the first time in twenty
years he was free from feminine en-
tanglement. Since Carmena had gone
so abruptly out of his life, no other
woman had entered it. That, however,
was merely accidental, or the result of
absorbing conditions. His solitary
estate was bound to be only temporary;
life devoid of the stimulus of a fair com-
panion would be as flat as a long-opened
bottle of champagne. Yet how could he
manage with Isabel in the house to ques-
tion his goings and comings, perhaps to
make unlimited demands upon his time
and attention, and to be unconsciously
the censor of his very morals?

  One glance at her unsophisticated face
spelt the obliteration of all his dreams,
rang the death-knell of his last hope.
She flung her arms about his neck as she
stepped from the gang-plank and kissed
him in the effusive way she had imbibed
from her French associates.

  “Why—why, you’re so young, Father
dear!” she exclaimed. His unexpected
youthfulness obsessed her, and she re-
curred to the topic after they had reached
the house and were seated before the
drawing-room fire to await dinner.
“Why, 1 always thought of you as an old,
old man,” she said, her round eyes trav-
eling over him in innocent wonderment

  I had no idea! And such a good-look-
ing daddy, too; so fine and straight, with
little tufts of white at the temples, so
like the charming padre!”

Berrington flushed under her praise;
her frank admiration pleased him, al-
though her naivete sent a frightened

chill down his spine. If she were less
candid, not so ingenuous, how much
easier it would be to handle her!

  “I’m no end delighted you're so
pleased, my dear. I—I was uneasy lest
you’d be disappointed here, ait off from
your companions and shut up in this
great old house with only the servants.
My time is—er—very much taken up
with my affairs, and I fear you’ll be
lonely—’*

  “Never that in all these lovely sur-
roundings!” she cut in enthusiastically,
a bewitching little foreign accent in her
speech. “1 shall find plenty to be busy
at. And my father’s friends—they must
be mine—yes?” She perched on his
knee and smiled merrily with her bright
gray eyes into his sober gray ones.

  “Certainly, certainly; we shall find you
plenty of friends, my child. It wouldn’t
do at all for you to be dull. And some-
times we’ll attend the theatre, the
opera—”

  Isabel clapped her hands in glee.
“Glorious!” she cried. “I’m just crazy
for the opera. I’ve been only twice in
my life. But now—!” Her eyes gave
an ecstatic upward roll as panoramic
visions of what was to come flashed
luridly before her mental vision, and she
fell to singing a gay little Parisian air,
fiddling the while with the buttons on
her father’s coat or playing with the
curls that clustered about his ears.
Every little while she interrupted her-
self to chirp delightedly over some fresh
discovery her eager eyes fastened upon:
the beautiful tinted and frescoed walls,
so unlike the drab ones of the convent;
the wonderful old paintings that gar-
nished them; the king’s ransom in rugs
that covered the polished floors; the ex-
quisite bric-a-brac.

  Berrington began to breathe more eas-
ily. She was an enthusiast; it would be
a simple matter to provide her with in-
terests that would engross her attention
and thus allow him his accustomed free-
dom.
NELLIE CRAVEY GILLMORE

53

  Dinner was presently announced, and
they got through their meal without a
hitch. Isabel rhapsodized over the cui-
sine, praised the rare china, and had her
first taste of wine. The last brought a
sparkle to her eyes and carnations to her
cheeks. Berrington reflected what an
exceedingly pretty girl she was. He was
conscious of a stir of fatherly pride.

  There was nothing of her mother
about the girl, except, perhaps, her petite
figure. Her features and her coloring
and her vivacity were all Berrington.
She was witty and demure by turns.
Prunella had been neither—just practical
and sober. Isabel’s father heaved a sigh
of relief; how accommodating his wife
had been to remove herself from their
lives! A woman like her would have
cramped the child’s development, stunted
her mental growth, destroyed her youth-
ful exuberance. Curiously enough, be-
fore the end of the first day, and in di-
rect contradiction of his former feelings,
Berrington found himself taking a deep
interest in his stranger-daughter and for-
mulating plans for her future.

  As the days came and went, his inter-
est increased. Her companionship, while
it lacked the verve and sparkle of the
“other kind,” was distinctly refreshing.
She came out wonderfully, under his
painstaking tutelage. He was most care-
ful in the selection of the guests he in-
vited to their home, and he saw to it
that she lacked for nothing in the way of
entertainment (of the right kind), spend-
ing-money, and a wardrobe of costliness
and elegance. They became close
friends.

  But there were times when the con-
ventionality palled upon Berrington. The
diet of decent living was wholesome
enough, he mused inwardly, but what
he wanted was an occasional dash of
tabasco to fire his jaded puJses. He
sighed for the white lights and the gay
cabaret. He pined for the clinging arms
of fair women, their sentient glances,
their provocative lips. IIis longing took

the form of obsession, and he began to
absent himself oftener and for longer in-
tervals from home. He framed ready
lies, which were unquestioningly be-
lieved by his gullible daughter.

  And Isabel, left much to herself, did
not want for excitement. She had a
penchant for making friends, and she
possessed a spirit of adventure and the
Berrington temperament. She began to
meet persons outside the list of those
prescribed by her father. She went on
madcap expeditions, and enjoyed thrill-
ing escapades; and she kept her mouth
shut. Finally, she fell in love. Know-
ing that her father w'ould never consent
to her marrying an actor, she made her
plans to elope.

  And so, one night, returning late from
a supper at one of the wilder semi-
Bohemian restaurants, Berrington was
greeted by the maid with the tidings of
his daughter’s disappearance. She had
left no note, no explanation. She was
just—gone. Her room was in disorder,
the bed untouched. There could be no
thought of foul play; there was every
indication of prearranged departure.

  Berrington collapsed.

  Detectives w'ere set to work on the
case, and advertisements inserted in all
the papers.

  The morning’s post brought a letter.
Propped up in bed, his face haggard and
colorless, Berrington broke the seal with
shaking fingers. The handwriting was
familiar, but for a moment he could not
place it, although, as he read on. realiza-
tion forced its way gradually to his dull
brain.

Wednesday evening.

  Thinking that perhaps you would be inter-
ested to learn the whereabouts of your daugh-
ter, I am dropping you these few lines to let
you know. She eloped a few hours ago with
my brother. They took passage on the
tonic, for Liverpool. 1 brought them to^cuier.
I met your daughter one afternoon m the
green-room, after a matinee. She fell tor
llertie at once; and, recalling what you nave
said about love and happiness and all those
things. I did all I could to help along their
romance.
54

A MAN OF AFFAIRS

   No doubt you will be pleased to learn that
there was no marriage ceremony—this accord-
ing to your code of ethics. Like yourself,
Bertie is not a "marrying man." and Isabel,
like yourself, is sport enough to take a chance
Will you join me in wishing them good luck.

Carmena.

   The paper fluttered from Berrington’s
nerveless hands to the floor. He buried
his face in the bed-covering and cried
like a baby.

   A week passed. Berrington, the skel-
eton of his former self, had been helped
out of bed to a chair by the window.
He sat there gazing mechanically out
at the sun-baked pavements and the
flow’ers on the lawn, drooping and wilt-
ing in the sultry, midsummer sun. His
breathing was labored, and his hands
rested, limp and cold, on his knees. His
sunken eyes were tense with the only
real agony he had ever known.

  Suddenly there came a tentative rap
on his apartment door. He called a
weak “Come in,” and the footman en-
tered with a card.

  Berrington accepted it absently and
glanced at the name.

MISS CARMENA AYLWARD

  “Let her come up,” he said eagerly.
A faint dash of red showed beneath the
pallor of his cheeks; his eyes brightened.
Perhaps she had news for him! Any-
thing were better than this anguish of
waiting and hoping; he did hope,
though, after all, what was there to hope
for?

  He held out a trembling hand as she
came into the room; but Carmena either
did not or would not sec it. She pulled
up a chair and sat facing him, an exult-
ant light gleaming in her blue eyes. She
smiled grimly.

  “So you have suffered!” she re-
marked.

   “You don't need my word for it, Car-
   mena: you have only to look at me."

   A gleam of cruelty, not unmixed with

pity, crossed the woman’s face. She
sank back in her chair and began to draw
off her gloves, her eyes going past him
now to the glimpse of sky that showed
through the open window. Her lips re-
laxed into a smile. Still she did not
speak.

  Berrington stared at her miserably.
“Why did you come here? What have
you to tell me?” he demanded at last.

  “I came to ascertain for myself just
what the result has been, and to tell you
the truth,” she replied, answering both
of his questions in an absolutely calm
voice.

  The transitory color fled from his
face. “Then, for God’s sake, don’t de-
lay! Don’t you see I’m in hell? Has
anything—happened ?”

  Carmena made a little disdainful ges-
ture, and her lips tightened. She looked
at him intently for a moment, then be-
gan quietly to speak:

  “I shall begin at the beginning. Nat-
urally, I had some curiosity to meet your
daughter, your daughter,” she reiterated
significantly. “I wanted to see what sort
of creature it was who owed her being
to a—a person like you. She was point-
ed out to me on the street one day.
Afterwards I saw her in a box at the
theatre where I was playing. She came
there regularly for weeks to see me; you
see, I was quick to sense the impres-
sion I’d made. Later, when she visited
the green-room, I was glad to make her
acquaintance. Our—friendship—ripened
quickly.

  “It was not long before I discovered
she was the sentimental sort, full of tem-
perament, and as reckless as—well, let
us say, as yourself. I saw where she
was headed, and so I hit upon a scheme.
I began to make mad love to her. She
thought I tx'Cis a man—I had been play-
ing the part of an Irish sailor-boy. The
others helped along the joke. The af-
fair progressed furiously. I left no art,
no wil_, unemployed to win her, body
and soul. She responded with all your
NELLIE CRAVEY GILLMORE

55

own subtleties, Dudley—a natural inher-
itance, I suppose. But all the while, I
could tell she was as innocent as a lamb.
If it hadn’t been I, it would have been
some other ‘man’—a real one. She was
ripe for the occasion. And she would
have gone straight to perdition at a
lover’s bidding.

  “Oh, I played my cards well, I assure
you, with all the art and finesse of the
skilled gambler. I had been taught the
rules of the game, and I knew the win-
ning hands. I wove every fascination I
could devise about her till I had her in
my toils. I told her finally that there
was an insurmountable barrier to our
marriage, but asked her if she cared
enough to give herself to me without
the tie. She said she did. And the
elopement was planned.

  “I had made arrangements to have a
wireless sent to me aboard the ship just
after it had left the harbor, recalling
me on important business. I explained
to Isabel that I was compelled to leave
her, but that I would follow on the next
steamer. I assured her that her return
to New' York with me would spell disas-
ter to all our hopes. I caught the pilot-
boat back, and—”

  Berrington was quivering like an as-
pen. His face was still pale to grayness,
but the tense lines had left it, giving
place to an expression of unutterable re-
lief. When he spoke his voice was
hoarse and tremulous.

  “Thank God 1” he said. “And you did
all this—why, Carmena? Because you
loved me—or because you hated me?’’

  “Neither. I did it to save her from
my own tragic fate—and to teach you
a lesson. I wished you to suffer all the
pangs of retribution for your sins, with-
out the innocent being injured to accom-
plish it. I believe I have succeeded; and
that in so doing I have also saved many
another innocent woman from your
clutches. I have just one thing to thank
you for, Dudley, and that is—for show-
ing me the truth before it was too late;

for giving me the chance to snatch back
my slipping womanhood before the gut-
ter had sucked it down past recovery.”
A slow flush mounted to Berrington’s
cheek-bones; his eyes glowed with a sud-
den flash, like the light of other days.

  Carmena caught herself together and
met his gaze impassively.

  He jerked his chair forward and at-
tempted to get possession of her hands,
but she deliberately put them behind her,
and resumed speaking where she had
left off a moment before:

  “You will, of course, take whatever
steps you see fit toward bringing your
daughter home. But I demand one
thing, and your own common-sense will
make you agree to it: she must never
know of the deception. Let her believe
she was tricked by her lover. It will
sober her and cure her of her folly. Do
you understand—and promise?”

  Berrington nodded. “Yes,” he said
gravely; “it shall be as you say. I will
do anything you ask, Carmena. You are
quite wonderful to me. I always felt
that there was something superior about
you. I have bitterly regretted our part-
ing, for—I have always loved you. Will
you not forgive the past and be my
wife ?” Again he tried to take her hands,
and again she moved them out of his
reach.

  She rose and stood looking down at
him for a long minute. Then she shook
her head slowly. “All that is over, Dud-
ley. Those fires consumed me, quite—
long ago. There are only ashes here
now.” Her hand touched above her
heart for a fleeting second, then fell list-
lessly to her side. She smiled a trifle
wistfully.

  “Good-by,” she said.

  Berrington, a sudden accession of new
strength firing him, leaped from his chair
and followed her to the door.

  “Carmena! For God’s sake—’’ But
the words were cut short by the shutting-
to of the door. And in that instant Ber-
rington knew that he was beaten.
56

THE LOVE-ROOST

  Outside, the woman buried her con-
vulsed face in her hands. A quiver
racked her slender body. After all. she
had cared—very deeply. But it was too
late She flung up her head and con-

jured a brave smile to the face set un-
flinchingly toward the future.

She had pledged herself to a Iifework

of uplift for the grief-stricken and the
fallen; and she meant to stick.

       THE LOVE-ROOST

         By Thomas Grant Springer

           the benches in the park after dark,

          Where the city swains and misses
    With hand-holdings and with kisses
    Do their mooning and their spooning in the park.

    In the comer neath the palm’s fantastic shade
    You may often think you see a lonely maid;

     Do not linger for romance.

    Beat it while you have a chance—

     It’s a date some other buriy fellow made.

     For the shopgirl and the drayman
     Have not notions like the layman.

     And convention does not stand in Cupid’s way;

     For the arc-light is the moon
     Where the city lovers spoon

    And pluck feathers from Love’s wing where’er they mav.

VE should not be too lenient: the love that endures is the love that always
questions, often forgives, and sometimes forgets.
SMITHIA MIRABILIS

        By Richard Irving Carson

 “’^fc/'ES, mister, they all do,” said
 |_ Doctor Leal, and Smith looked
 down into the plaza. “From
 the Governor down,” added the Doctor,
 smiling.

   Smith gazed for some minutes with
 the eager interest that afflicts strangers
 in Portuguese West Coast towns. The
 saturnine men in spotless white suits, the
 muscular native porters, the brightly
 clad women ranging in color from—well,
 not quite white, to ebony—it was so new.

   All of Smith’s training and his moth-
 er’s puritan blood surged for an instant
 to the front.

   "No,” said he shortly.

   "Well—but won’t you see her, any-

way

   The other hesitated. Then thoughts
 of the girl in England who had jilted
 him at her mother’s word—and perhaps
 of other things—flew across his mind.
 And he was young, and he had been ill,
 and he didn’t drink, and it was—Africa.
 And, besides, he was determined to be
 reckless and to play the part expected
 of him.

   "All right,” he acquiesced, with a sort
 of shamefaced and hard little laugh.

   The Doctor threw open the door be-
 hind him and motioned Smith to enter.

   “What—is she here?” the surprised
 man gasped.

   "Why, yes,” returned the other, a
 mischievous smile on his face.

   There was no hope for it now, and
 Smith entered the room.

   The afternoon was as hot and luxu-
 | rious as it can be only in West Africa,
 ?nd Joaquina, tired of the long wait, had
 improved the time by indulging in a

siesta. As the door opened, letting a
flood of light into the room, she half
rose from the bed, her embroidered
panno, or shoulder robe, falling from
her. With wide eyes heavy with sleep,
she gazed at the tall man before her, for
a moment unconscious of her bare
breasts and wondrous arms. Then with
a tiny laugh, and a shrug of shoulders
as perfect as Clytie’s, she gathered her
cloth under her armpits and stayed it
above her bosom with the deft half-knot
that she had learned in childhood from
her mother. She then stood up and
looked at him proudly, her face and neck
dully flushed, as if conscious (of what
was the fact) that through her father
the blood of duchesses flowed in her
veins.

  The Doctor was standing behind
Smith.

  "As I was saying—” he resumed in
his slow voice.

  "She shall go with me,” interrupted
Smith thickly. He was not playing a
part now.

  The other smiled again.

  “Esta ban” he murmured to himself
with a little sigh—whether of satisfac-
tion or regret, it is impossible to say.
Perhaps memories of the hundreds of
young men arriving on the coast (how
many of them now lying in the white
cemetery north of the town!), to whom,
during twenty years, he had given simi-
lar advice, crossed his mind. Perhaps
he did not even believe in the advice,
but—well, one must live; and doctors
who gave different advice rarely stayed
their year out. So he merely looked at
Smith with the air of one who has just

57
58

SMITHIA MIRABILIS

delivered himself of a valuable bit of
disinterested counsel.

 The other man seemed to hesitate
again. His blood and traditions still
questioned; but with another glance at
Joaquina, who, no darker than a south-
ern Spaniard, was still standing by the
bed with the sleep not yet out of her
eyes, his cheeks grew hot, and he said
nervously:

  “All right, Doctor; you arrange it.
I have seen her. When can I start ?”

  “Oh, you might be off any time now;
the fever will not return/' answered the
other, rising to go. "Adeus, mister;
boa viagcm ”

  “Good-by,” answered Smith, shaking
the proffered hand.

  The next day he was lying in a tepoia,
listening to the patter of his carriers'
feet on the path as they swung along.
He was en route for the interior, and
in his caravan went Joaquina.

  Stanisland Smith was the naturalist
of the Portuguese government in the
West African province of Angola. An
account of how he chanced to be occupy-
ing this position would be too long to
include here, but such names as Wel-
witsch, Burnay, Blandy, Lepierre, and
Newton in that part of the world occur
oftener in connection with achievements
implying energy and ability than do the
ancient Portuguese patronyms of Silva,
Oliveira, Santos, Sousa, and what not.
Suffice it to say that, although a foreign-
er, Smith was ambitious—first in love
(which to him meant the wooing of the
Honorable Miss Clare, the second
daughter of the late—well, it is not
necessary to enter into details here
either, farther than to state that the
name is one of the oldest in the United
Kingdom, and that Miss Clare’s mother,
the dowager, was horribly scandalized
when she learned that a democratic
American dared to lift his eyes even to
her second daughter).

God bless us!" exclaimed her lady-
ship. "I suppose it is all part of the

heathen age we live in—any person
thinks he is as good as a duke nowadays.
Society is undone. Thank Heaven I shall
not live long to see such anarchy! I
forbid you to see him again, Clare. I
must give orders for his name to be left
off the lists of both the hall and the
castle. How could Welsmouth have
been so careless as to introduce him?”

  So the two ladies wrote letters, Miss
Clare dutifully conveying her mother's
wishes to Smith, and the dowager her
own to Lord Welsmouth, who smiled a
wry smile and wrote for Smith to call
on him, during which call he, as presi-
dent of the society which is the arbiter
and rewarder of scientific endeavor
among Anglo-Saxons, proposed an ar-
rangement (eagerly accepted by Smith)
that led to the events recorded in the
beginning of this narrative.

  Once in Ngolo, the point farthest in
the interior of the colony, Smith worked
more like a fiend than a man; and at
the end of his first year he had com-
munications from the secretary of the
society, reprints, clippings, a worthless
decoration from the Portuguese gov-
ernment, and a personal letter from
Lord Welsmouth that made him almost
happv for the moment. He (and Joa-
quina) also had—little Florinda.

  Little Florinda with blue eyes and
Smith’s mother’s own bonny flaxen hair!
His commission expired at the end of
two years, but the government was glad
to renew it; and little Florinda grew
and played about the pleasant bungalow
near the fort, where Smith lived and
made his collections and wrote his re-
ports.

  One day she came running to him
with a flower in her hand.

  “See, Tan-Tan’' (her queer African
reduplication of his lipped name, Stan,
which she always applied to him), she
demanded. He looked into her merry
eyes, and, drawing her to his knee,
kissed her. “Look at my flower.” she
insisted. “I calls it my toad flower."
RICHARD IRVING CARSON

39

  The man looked languidly at the plant
the little girl held toward him. Even
a year ago he would have been all keen-
ness and interest over such a discovery*.
For his wide, exact knowledge of the
group to which it evidently belonged as-
sured him that it represented a new
genus and family, and probably demand-
ed a revision of the accepted doctrines
regarding the relationships of its natural
order. Yet even while his practised eye
toid him so much, he turned listlessly
from the specimen as Joaquina entered
and resumed by the window her usual
task of lace-making. She made lace
every day and sold it—against the time
when Smith should go home, or she
grow old. It is the usual custom in
West Africa. From time to time, as her
work permitted, she turned her deep
eyes to Smith’s face and smiled the slow
smile of a satisfied southern woman.

  It was the old story. Ambition was
dead. Only when he turned to look at
little Florinda. still standing by his knee,
did his face light, and even that had an
afterlook of pain.

  “Oh, oh/’ shouted the child with de-
light. "a soldier man is coming from the
fort! Maybe the Senhor Major is send-
ing me another doll/’

  Not knowing why, Smith sprang up
and seized the mail package from the
man. He tore open an envelope. The
words blurred before his eyes, and he sat
gazing at the sheet of paper in his hand,
dully seeking to understand the words
that seemed to evade him: “Poor Mama
is dead. . . . Lord Welsmouth, whom
you know, is my guardian. . . . He lias
consented to my writing you. . . . Oh,
Stan, forgive me! I am so lonely. . .
These and other sentences were trying
to reach his heart, now almost as dead
as the paper upon which they were writ-
ten.

  The other letters were mostly from
various saz'ctnts in Paris. Berlin, and
London. One was from his mother.
He locked this last in his desk unread.

  “Tan-Tan," whispered little Florinda.
almost crying, “will there never be any-
thing for me?”

  Smith looked at her sadly. “No,” he
said, at length.

  The child threw her arms about him
and sobbed, and at last the man wept
also. Joaquina looked from her lace at
them with a gently perplexed gaze.

  Finally little Florinda went out, and
after a time returned with many' more
of the strange flowers.

  “I brought them so you would not
cry any more, Tan-Tan,” she said, as
she laid them on his table.

  Weeks went by as Smith worked on
the new specimens. It was the best
work of his life, because he dared think
of nothing else. When the work was
sent off, and the time drew near to hear
from the Society concerning it, he fell
into the habit of walking down to the
fort even.- morning to see if the mail
had arrived. He had never bothered
about its irregular arrival before. One
morning he was surprised to find the
Major talking bad French to a well set-
up American.

  “Boules-bous du cafe, Monsiorf* lie
was asking, as Smith came up to the
veranda.

  "57 vous—” began the other, and then
jumped up, almost upsetting the little
table.

  “Why, Stan Smith, you rascal !’* he
yelled delightedly.

  Smith looked at him steadily. Then
he said in an emotionless voice:

  “Winslow.”

 “Right you are again. Hamlet.’
laughed the other boisterously. “\ou
seem to have forgotten how to smile,
old man.**

  “Yes,” answered Smith.

  “Climate, my dear boy, climate.”
grinned the newcomer, sitting down
again. “However, III chirk you up in
no time. I’ve just come up from the
coast. You know I’m head of this sur-
vey party' for the new' railroad."
60

SMITHIA MIRABILIS

  Smith sipped his coffee and said noth-
ing. Winslow rattled on:

  “Never dreamed of seeing you,
though. Do you know we’ve never met
since we left college? Say, but I’m glad
to sec you. Knew you were somewhere
in West Africa,-but this is unexpected
luck! By the way, I met some friends
of yours in London recently, ihe hon-
orable Miss—"

  “Yes?” Smith leaned across the table.

  The other did not notice. ' She's just
married,” he went on.

  “Who? Clare?*’ demanded Smith,
with darkened eyes.

  “Why, yes, I believe that’s her name.
Didn't you—” began Winslow, and then,
glancing at Smith, stopped suddenly.

  “Why, old man, what’s the matter r”
he rsked.

  Sruith rose and strode towards his
liouse.

  “It was all for her/’ he said over and
over to himself.

  The Major and his companion finished
their coffee in uneasy silence. A shot
echoed from the hillside. Both men
rose to their feet.

  "Ok est—V* began the American, but
paused.

  Little Florinda ran screaming into the
enclosure.

  “Tan-Tan!” she gasped. “Come!”

  Winslow took the child’s hand and
led her sobbing up the road.

  He found Joaquina weeping by the
bed, and little Florinda wildly joined
her cries. The big, strong man led them
very gently from the room. At the door
he met a black soldier who saluted and
handed him a package of letters. He
reentered the room and did the work
that was his to do. Then he glanced
about the room. On the table was a
note. It was addressed to him.

   The money in the dispatch-box is for Toa-
9om? ir*»dl- Send my scientific papers to
, WcUmouth—-others to my mother. Read
lhc	letters, and a*k the

  Major to forward to Lord W. those coming

  Winslow opened the packet and con-
scientiously began to read the letters.
Most of them again were from scien-
tific authorities on the subjects that the
dead man had studied so well. Finally
he came to the following:

My dear Smith:

  Your specimens and reports are at hand,
and have been presented to the Society. I
may tell you at once that yours is the most
important discovery of the year. You have
been made a fellow, and your paper appears
in extenso in the Transactions with one change
which 1 took the liberty of making. The ge-
neric name IVelsmoutkia, which you so kindly
proposed in my honor, has been recently used
by Latour of Paris for a species of mollusc,
so I have proposed the term Smithia mirabilis
in place of your IVelsinouthia mirabilis.

  The scientific papers are full of your epoch-
making observation, arid you have been elected
Professor by the Board of Regents of the new
university. I have accepted for you contingent
upon your approval.

  Clare, whose mother died recently and whose
sister is now married, is now my ward, and
we shall be glad to welcome you at my town
house as soon as you can get here.

  Hoping to sec you in the course of a few
weeks, I am

                Sincerely your friend,

Welsroouth.

  “Poor Smith!” he said to himself,
choking. “And it was I who told him
that Miss Clare was married!”

  Then he opened the last letter and
read slowly, as his eyes were dimmed:

Dear Stan:

  Lord Welsmouth has just told me of your
discovery, and that it assures your career. He
says you may !>e in London by the last of next
month. Oh, Stan. 1 am so proud of you I
Won't you come to me?

Clare.

  Winslow thought a long time.

  "This will take some lying,” he said

finally.

  Joaquina and little Florinda were in
the Loanda cemetery, by Smith’s grave.

  It had cost Joaquina all the proceeds
of her lace-making and the contents of
the dispatch-box to have him brought
from Ngolo to the coast and buried near
her home. Doctor Leal was guiding a
party of English people to the same
ENVY

61

place. Among them was a handsome old
gentleman whom the Doctor addressed
as Senhor Visconde, anti a beautiful
lady, now with tears on her face, whom
the old gentleman called Clare. The
ladies drew their skirts away from Joa-
quina and her child. One of them, who
had fair hair streaked with silver,
glanced pityingly at little Florinda, and
said emphatically to the Doctor, who
was very pale:

  “I am sure that my son’s life out here
was an example to all.”

  Lord Welsmouth nodded approval.
“Who are they?” whispered the child
to her mother.

  “They are the Ba-Iuglesi” says Joa-
quina. “All his countrymen come to see
his grave. He was a very wise man.”
Little Florinda was delighted with the

 new stone that the great learned Society
 had sent out and had set up over his
 grave. She recognized the bas-relief of
 her toad flower over the two initials.
 She asked her mother what the words
 underneath it were.

 Joaquina stared at the letters.

FLORyE GUINENSI S INVEST IGATORUM
PRINCEPS

 But they meant nothing to her.

“Hush,” she said in her native Kim-
bundu tongue. “I cannot read.”

“Does it say Tan-Tan?” persisted the
child.

 “I think so.”

 “It is Tan-Tan,” said little Florinda
 softly, content that she had solved the
 problem.

ENVY

  By Tom Carter

'APPY fabrics, lucky laces,

You may deck the fairest graces,
Nestle in the sweetest places
At your ease.

H

You are pressed, oh, lucky laces.
To the snuggest warmest spaces:
You may kiss such winsome faces
When you please.

Coming down to special cases.
How I envy you, you laces,

That may hold in close embraces
       Eloise!

                  1
THOROUGHLY FEMININE!

              By Octavus Roy Cohen

MRS. CHESTER CARROLL was
filled, surfeited, satiated, with
fiction. As she laid aside the
flaringly-covered copy of the latest “best
seller," she reclined luxuriously on her
softly cushioned chaise longue and
heaved a deep sigh.

  Mrs. Chester Carroll allowed her mind
to review the plot of the story she had
just read—it was the same pill as of old,
with a sugar coating of a new taste. In
chapter one the heroine was depicted as
being on the brink of ruin—moral ruin.
In chapter two she slipped one foot over
the edge. From the commencement of
chapter three until the end of chapter
thirty-two she hung there teetering. In
chapter thirty-three she decided that vir-
tue wasn’t worth the fight and prepared
to fling herself into the ever-ready vil-
lain’s arms. In chapter thirty-four she
does it—but the hero comes along at the
psychological moment with the belated
offer of marriage, and they leave for
Palm Beach in his new yacht.

  She had known it would be 1'ke that
even before she opei 2d the boo!-, ’ome-
how, the timeworn plot never grew dull
for her. She loved to fight the heroine’s
fight with her, to share the strenuous de-
lights of the battle against the husky vil-
lain’s wiles, to—I blush to admit it—to
turn page after page in the hope that
some one of the heroines would yield—
and the hero fail to play his part of
virtue-saver.

  That was Corinne Carrolls chiefest
disappointment. The virtue of the “best
seller” heroines was too iron-clad. It
heated to the fusing-point, and then re-
fused to fuse. Eventually it became a

mania with her, this search for a heroine
of qualities more human than they of
cloth covers.

  And gradually the desires of her search
had transmuted themselves into the very
fibre of her being. Without strict anal-
ysis of her own emotions, she deter-
mined that as authors would not make
their heroines act as she wished them to,
she would prove that it might be done.

  Horrors! The conclusion is readily
drawn. Mrs. Corinne Carroll was an
unmoral woman! Terrifying! But let
it go at that, for it is the truth, the
strict truth, and nothing but the truth.

  It is almost a waste of words to ex-
plain that Mrs. Corinne Carroll was the
legal spouse of a very rich man who sat
daily on the Stock Exchange and was
in the way of affording many luxuries
which he did not have—and the many
which he did have. And also that Ches-
ter Carroll neglected his wife shame-
fully in his mad rush after dollars to
add to his already countless horde. And
also that there was a tertium quidI

  It was this third person, the second
man, the family friend, that put the
idea in Corinne’s head. In all her pet
novels it was the family friend who
essayed the wrecking of the home. And
always the procedure was the same. The
husband, money - mad, succeeded in
throwing wife and friend together until
propinquity got in its villainous work—
only to be thwarted by a latent awaken-
ing of the husband’s love for frail wifie.
The friend always fell in love with the
wife, despite his better nature; the wife
with the friend because liers was a tem-
peramental nature which craved love.
OCTAVUS ROY COHEN

63

  But in vaguely determining to carry
the thing through to a highly-colored
conclusion—with nary a thought to the
drab dusk to follow—Corinne faced
facts as facts; and the facts she faced
are those which are either handled in
the epilogue of a novel, or else are not
handled at all. And these were the
facts.

  First: Joe Manning, the all-important
family friend, was not in love with her.
Furthermore, he was a true friend to
Chester Carroll, and harbored no home-.
w recking ambitions.

  Second: Joe Manning acted suspi-
ciously as though he thought pretty well
of another and less attached female,
against whom it was rumored he had
directed love-thoughts leading eventually
to the altar.

  Third: Mrs. Corinne Carroll knew
that one solution of the difficulty would
be denied her in the event that her trans-
gression should be discovered by the
irate husband—the husband is always
irate—and that is that he should never
come in at the wrong-right time and find
her embroidering pink and blue gar-
ments of lilliputian proportions.

  But she also fairly marshaled her
facts on the other side of the picture.
They loomed up about this way:

  First: Joe Manning was one hundred
per cent, man, which means that he was
fifty per cent, angel and fifty per cent,
devil. He was big, strong, handsome,
and intensely virile.

  Second: she was thoroughly feminine,
of no little beauty, and with a figure
that artist friends of the family had dis-
creetly raved over, and which brought
glitters to the eyes of many of them.
Also, by reason of the tabloid instruc-
tions absorbed from her fiction diet, she
was thoroughly adept in the weak points
of masculine man.

  Third: although the husbands in fic-
tion always suspected, her husband never
would. He wasn’t that kind, and he’d
never believe that she was.

  Fourth: she was inexpressibly bored,
and sick and tired of convention.

  Fifth: even if she succeeded in her
little plan, she would be safe; she not
being of a hysterical nature herself, and
Joe Manning being a gentleman and
notoriously close-mouthed.

  And so, with thoughts of the future
as vague as the suggestion of a cloud
on an early-morning horizon, she—to use
the vernacular—went to it.

  And once in it, she kept at it. She
dined alone with Joe Manning, and
sought him on every possible occasion.
She practised with all the art at her
command the various and sundry little
tricks which her favorite authors always
made use of. She studied those things
which interested him and spoke learn-
edly of them, thereby showing a flatter-
ing interest in him and his work. She
touched him whenever possible, thereby
helping along the good work which
Pater Propinquity always does.

  She let it be known by look, word, and
action that she was infatuated with him.
And in due course of time she saw that
she was winning her battle; for there
was an unmistakable gleam in his eyes
as he watched her when they were alone,
a heaving of the chest and a nervous
clasping of his big, strong hands, which
were readable as the printed page of one
of her pet books. And just about that
time the last vague suggestion of fear
which had lodged persistently in Mrs.
Chester Carroll’s mind was routed.
Propinquity had cut with a double-edged
sword: in brief, she was glad that she
had done what she had; and insanity had
usurped cold reason.

  Her psychical capitulation was prin-
cipally due to the fact that Joe Man-
ning’s surrender had not come without
a struggle. With amazing lack of ego.
he had for a long time refused to credit
the evidence of his senses—the evidence
which told him that his friend’s wife
loved him. But once he surrendered, he
did so unconditionally.
64

THOROUGHLY FEMININE!

  Joe Manning was no fool; and he
knew Corinne. He knew her well enough
to read the signs, and he realized that
her love for him was the passion of an
adult, awakened woman. He knew
what it meant; and by that time he had
reached the point where he didn’t care.

  And the climax came one ni~ht when
they had been to the theatre together.
Chester Carroll was in Chicago. Co-
rinne, her bosom rising and falling with
a knowledge that the time had arrived,
invited Joe Manning to her private sit-
ting-room at midnight. She flung her
evening wrap across a lounge, thereby
disclosing a wealth of perfect, ivory-
tinted flesh. Her attitude was one of
surrender, of eagerness for capture; her
every gesture inviting, alluring, tanta-
lizing.

  And Joe Manning forgot that this was
the wife of his best friend, he forgot the
ethics of manhood, he forgot everything
save that she had aroused his most pow-
erful feelings and that she was his for
the asking. His voice was choked and
hoarse as he spoke, after staring at her
for full a minute in speechless wonder.

  “Corinne,” he gasped, “you—are—
exquisite f*

  Her being thrilled at the words, at the
timbre of his voice.

  "You think so?”

  “‘Think so'! Good God! You arc
the most—” His big fists clenched, and
the perspiration stood out in little beads
on his forehead.

  She advanced slowly toward him, and
paused close to him, her perfect bosom

rising and falling tumultuously. The
very passion of her permeated the room.

Chester Carroll was forgotten.

  “Corinne!” Joe's cry was hoarse,
desperate, reckless.

  Imperceptibly she swayed toward him.
His huge arms dosed convulsively about
her. He pulled her to him with a her-
culean display of brute strength. His
hot face bent to hers and forced it back.
He rained burning kisses on her parted
lips.

  For a second she lay passive. Then
she writhed and tore loose with a sud-
den accession of unnatural strength.

  She stood erect and quivering. Then
her hand flashed out against his cheek
stingingly.

  “You—you—beast F she sibilated.
“You beast!"

  He stared at her, suddenly deathly
cold. His jaw sagged.

  “Go!" she panted. “And never let me
see your face again! Go!”

  Slowly, wonderingly, he made his way
out of her private sitting-room. His
world had become chaos. Life had be-
come stark—appallingly stark.

  The front door slammed as he left
In her room. Corinne Carroll—Mrs.
Chester Carroll—furiously brushed her
lips where his had so feverishly pressed.
Then she collapsed into a little sobbing
heap on the floor.

  “How dared he!" she moaned, with
the heart-wrung fervor of outraged vir-
tue. “How dared he! The beast!"

Which proves, probably, that fiction is
neither more nor less strange than truth !

JEALOUSY is the needed dash of bitters in the cocktail of love.

              *

    WHLRK oti»ers’ ignorance is bliss, ’tis folly to conies*.
.

A RETURN TO EDEN

An Idyll in One Act
By Hilliard Booth

SCENE: A sloping hill, by the side of a swimming-pool.
A grassy bank runs down to the water, and willows
and oaks form a protecting background. On the right
of the bank sprawls upon his back an athlete, his dark skin
glistening with the water from which he has just emerged,
as he stretches his untrammeled body gratefully in the warm
sunshine. On the left, in a similar attitude, lies his friend, a
slightly younger man, lithe and gracef ul—a figure of Arca-
dia rather than Eden. In the centre, between the two, re-
clines a country youth, stripped, as the others, for the pool,
and gazing into it as he lies upon his stomach, his elbows on
the ground, his chin on his hands. His sturdy strength
suggests brute force rather than conscious power. As the
curtain is raised, he speaks.

           The Yokel
  I told you it was a great pool, didn’t I ?

           The Athlete
  I haven’t enjoyed a swim so much
  since I was a boy. That was a great
  suggestion of yours, Ed, to come into the
  country for the afternoon.

            The Poet
  Don’t call me “Ed." I have put aside
  my identity with my clothes.

           The Athlete
  Narcissus, then.

            The Poet
  That is better. You might be Her-
  cules.

The Athlete (laughing)

  And our friend here?

            The Poet
The Satyr who has led us to the pool;
r but no, we are ourselves and have re-
turned into the Garden, that is best.

           The Athlete
  And to think we have to go back to
  the city to-night!

            The Poet

  Do we?

          The Yokel
 I only wish that I was going back with
 you.

          The Athlete
 Exchange this for the town?

          The Yokel
 This? What’s this?

The Poet (luxuriously)

 Eden.

          The Yokel

 Huh?

          The Athlete
 A place where two garments consti-
 tute respectability, if not snobbishness;
 a spot where such idyllic interludes are
 possible.

The Poet (softly)

The twilight before Eve entered in.

          The Yokel
 I don’t think this is much. I’ve heard
 you've got marble tanks to swim in in the
 city.

          The Athlete

 Don’t 1

The Poet
They have no such perfect aftermaths.
66

A RETURN TO EDEN

          The Athlete
We might trv it some day in the Park,
Ed.

           The Poet
Don’t be frivolous. Inspiration is in
the air!

          The Athlete
I’m not. A place for sun-baths is an
idea which the Park Commissioners
ought to consider; fenced off to avoid
consternation among the nurse-maids
and policemen—the fence painted blue
to offset ministerial objection.

           The Poet
Such contact with nature would vital-
ize many a sapped soul, it is true.

           The Athlete
It would strengthen, encourage, put
new life into a man.

           The Poet
  But the city is the Wilderness.

     The Athlete (ivith a sigh)
Paradise now—and in a few hours
starched shirts, long-tailed coats, and—
oh, Lord!

           The Yokel
  What’s the matter with them?

The Poet
They were not with us in the womb.

The Yokel
Well, I’m not really dressed till I get
a boiled shirt and a stand-up collar on.
The Athlete (unth a gesture of repug-
nance)

  Don’t mention the red necktie.

           The Yokel

  What ?

The Athlete (sitting up)
Haven’t you any more respect for the
play of your muscles, the flexibility of
your shoulders, the freedom of your
limbs?

The Yokel (laughing)

  Say, you’re funny!

  The Athlete (falling back again)
  He has eaten of the apple.

The Poet
Would that the leaf were still in style!

The Athlete
It would be too decollete at present,

but fashion, like history, repeats itself,
—the trend is favorable for its early re-
vival. For this evening, however, I am
sure it would annoy Mrs.—

The Poet (sharply)

The twilight before Eve entered in 1

The Athlete
Very well. It is genuinely pleasant
to be sufficient unto oneself—even
though the shades of night are bound to
fall.

          The Yokel
Say, what’s the matter with a red neck-
tie?

The Athlete
Nothing, nothing; it would be ador-
able if one didn't have to wear anything

else.

          The Yokel
You must want to get into a daffy-
house.

          The Athlete
I want to absorb the strength that is
in the air and in the earth. Clothes are
a non-conductor.

The Yokel
You’re looking pretty trim as it is.

          The Athlete
  Thank you.

          The Yokel
  That is, for a city guy.

The Athlete

  Oh!

          The Yokel
If you’d stay here and do ploughing
and haying and the rest of the chores,
you’d get real husky.

The Poet (dreamily, his eyes closed)
Eastward in Eden He planted a Gar-
den, and therein He put the man whom
He had formed.

The Athlete
That’s the way you got—husky?

Tiie Yokel

  Sure.

The Athlete
That’s all very well, but the chores I
do—in the gymnasium-—-train as well as
harden the muscles. You ought to make
a gymnasium of the country.
HILLIARD BOOTH

67

The Yokel (laughing)

  Oh, I guess I’m able to take care of
myself as it is.

The Athlete
But you don't make the most of your
opportunity. The country was intended
for the enjoyment of exercise, and you ’
use it only as a workshop.

The Yokel
I’m not much for artificial gymnastics.

The Athlete (sitting up)

  There is nothing artificial about gym-*
 nastics except the gymnasium. The ma-
 jority of men have to put up with par-
 allel-bars, cinder-tracks, chest-weights,
 and marble-lined tanks because they
 can’t have the apparatus of Nature—
 the trees, the fields, the hills, the pools,
 the gymnasium of the Creator, which
 was intended to jump, to run, to swim,
 to train in, and which you use for noth-
 ing but chores. No, my friend, you
 have the right environment, but the
 wrong idea.

The Yokel
Well, I can lick any one in the village.

          The Athlete
That is because they have all neglected
their gymnasium.

          The Yokel
  And keep their shirts on.

The Athlete (falling back)

  Exactly.

           Tiie Yokel
And I guess that’s the God-fearing
way.

          The Athlete
Which Adam instituted when he
stripped the fig-tree.

          The Yokel
  If you’d like to try a fall—

          The Athlete
  In the solarium?

The Yokel

  Huh?

The Athlete (as the Poet speaks)
  ’Shi

The Poet (barely audibly)

   Dreams, yc are mine—jewels divine
      Encircling my soul.

          The Athlete
Be generous with your jewels, Ed, if
they are genuine.

The Poet (without opening his eyes)
Genuine here, but in the Wilderness
—paste!

          The Athlete
 What were you dreaming?

            The Poet
What I dream still—that this is the
Garden, in truth, that we are alone in
the world, that this is the beginning.
On all sides of us there is nothing but
beauty, in every sensation nothing but
delight, in every breath full satisfaction
of body and soul. W'e may wander at
will as we are, and feel only gladness in
the warm sunshine, joy in the wood-
scented air, meet only the invigorating
embrace of the newborn earth. We will
never know pain or suffering—they are
without being: and the poison-filled form
of Worry is as yet a meaningless word.
Life is at its most pure, its most fresh,
its most divine poise. Dreams are real-
ities; realities, dreams; the two are one,
and the one is (sitting up and slapping
his arm)—a mosquito!

           The Atht.ete
  The serpent in modern guise.

 The Poet
 Tempting us to what?

          The Athlete
Profanity. Continue—I was just be-
ginning to doze.

The Poet (sinking back)

No, the spell is broken.

The Yokel (thoughtfully)

  Say, I wouldn’t try walking back as
you are, if I was you.

          The Athlete
Count your ribs, man, count your ribs,
—they are still intact.

          The Yokel

  Huh ?

            The Poet
 This is a world without women.

The Athlete (as the Yokel stares
blankly)

Can’t you imagine it ?
A &ETU&X TO EDEX

         Tte Ywhl
   «r:. S csrA.

              TT2H A-Tsjucri
 ^n£; irjic. Be? ^Vrmit ik leKcn tte
 aci^rir. «e t&e wurifl foe Utr-n^ v :thoic
 E*t.

               Tse ?>CKL-
 Ye*. 7-rr.. lai«tnjg nic her it Ttvf Tfci*-
 <ientrM&, j 3snliii Ktnc ce Uior «rweat?£,w*
 mui. 1e rrcnumn.

          7 s
          ITto ff'JHS

   Ta*~tpf»h JIKTiTIlf ?*0£fi—OTC VfiL
  T33 JkttWKUBBK
  WeL, as 3 hami t iiecr jasmi&uzui is
  the -Vuasniess—

           Tiit Pmr
 T'umi ic lixujnunnh-stat, dnmesrir n>-
 S&icr} iniii rmifcnun '

           " •2 Armans

  T mi rt -irh*—~'t i« anOSflL C*nw„

 3	Hhnaii xurvf ir iussax tiu vssiar. -ec farr
 i*CHK

                j 53-. Bass
 Ml T si inn it jut-” -: -reammmsr a.—w-
 ttvc. n

  Goiwgaanana Jurwrsi uf v.muiti sum
 ifie.. dksm.

                 IT 5-1 T CS33L

  lL*wife fc' iurt. witaafC i« xi»f oh* rc
 i'- nif q tne-t WBfix1! uri vruxnsrt
 Th Atzlch
 Tut rrncztt urun

                ITtoa 'a'ibsl

 mte?

TTtea Pcet
nmsn jvbh? .* s^anniijcr^ ilaiu|TiT—i
flw jjif ant. t t* srm.. iur nn? tm ra**cnta*»-
7t.t Y <-h:e.

  7*veli, rS uii'-t Massif kt' v'uiren.
 v-jii t tiiitt EBt ic :i«t Jimwt uhl at- :iit
 icasnmg—

                T'th * 7-.eeueks
      Smfl taiia 'ti; pus ~

          7 nr J'cicn
          Uon tie Bods-’

                 7 i n i ;r-e:

Y-»„ thitf r VTUT t iii.tTx »mi*v

             Tes: ArecjEsx
  TilCS’t VdlUCIi1!! %*c *£TT ycocs tt*?*
  vric/si t :e m *	ixirre w—ufa : :«f

VliKJUTir iiXit MiCTC **CKiiK-- iiTT

Sm£ Yl-X32L

 Them, r^: rtow a wznazL

             7~FjL Api.-cn
  Haeosr "ujniliCHrinr : i vann~z s ttziizi-
  «sim « «saci:ia?wfl jh ibc 'prca: 7x^1-:~

          Taa

  CfrnTv ’~>z w':in^ir w -ciasiCTipt, Gft l
  juju:	4.	TurrWh-i 2«r i«r,

  iiiio; »tiit cc .hcixtarwuSs '

Tsa. V< ‘t TTH-
U1 tai: s ^ i w;mu.: if mitOi . T— z.-

   kKPr £ 131831 f ilClliiif.

               Tzz I'-iin:

  K-:>. *tst viif 3«na » i»t ms- ciKiuncioti.
  no: iiis sar»'t.

          Ii2 ACTBErg
 >ai. anai; :bl- ir^r _itt «afa»f tf rc:
 si?:rurnrr i^-ir	I*« iJ i ;;uii5:dB

  iff asinxGior. Z..—3f 3?iiS£~t ^5 xtit T^iir
  cc imsprrionE ittswaftmia

       T E!E Y :s^L. wni, £ rr^f
  Chi, I at*t w*luc Tiit:Kii " >Ci&a “
  crinv 7-oc viii Uik:mr aiium: 2#iar tnu£
  *c wwunnii

               T £7i Pig~r

  -V*rr urt

T sii	nrx

  ?viir vuD vrt..

                 H Z3 ''i

 1 iiu ina 2 v.'at a iht zcj—
 T a
 Thtc wiE ckj

7 er i jeil »i«ir:r- »*i/

  ISTdlu TTir HHbs't: ttk.

                7 us F' tet
  I»»t Bemti: maflt	ItaeagE mrnerr

  n» botmiw jfc wit, I iflcafe—

              T Ejt TV-A .Tt

 . .mlcl sir kv^i’e	iti? snefc1-—

  WKL

                 TTsb: iPnss-

  Ant .iH

             I ts ^TEiiTr*
  j tun r trtir-it-d uktt. Z.furr v’nh.iii'
  ± *n. and ^ v'TT^'ii vMtntixr vrame:
HILLIARD BOOTH

G9

           The Poet
 Peace everlasting!

          The Athlete
 Adam has come into his own again.

           The Poet
 Let the birds sing and all the earth
 rejoice.

          The Yokel
 Give up the girls? I guess not. I
 know one that’d—

          The Athlete
 Never mind about that.

          The Yokel
 Well, I guess I’ve got a right to my
 opinion.

           TnE Poet
 Not in Eden.

          The Yokel
 Eden nothing! I was born and
 brought up in this place, and it ain’t
 Eden. I ought to know.

          The Athlete
 \rou ought to, but you don’t.

           The Poet
 The signboard has stared you in the
 face constantly, and you have never rec-
 ognized it.

          The Yokel
 The city for me, that’s all.

          The Athlete
 A beast in the Wilderness!

          The Yokel
 Don’t want me to talk about girls, eh ?

           The Poet
 It would be an anachronism.

     The Yokel (suspiciously)

 Huh?

          The Athlete
 Here we have the serpent, Ed.

     The Yokel (springing up)

 Call me a snake?

     The Athlete (sitting up)
 Certainly—the original.

          The Yokel
 Take it back, or—

The Athlete (springing to his
feet)

Try a fall with you? Gladly.

           The Yokel
And no women in the world, eh? I’ll
teach you a thing or two.

           The Athlete
Now we shall settle that question of
gymnastics and strength.

           The Yokel
Darn’ quick! {He throws his arms
about the Athlete and attempts to throw
him.)

The Poet (to the Athlete)

Good thoughts are strength-giving.
You have the advantage of him there.

(The Athlete, grasping the Yokel
about the waist, withstands the attack,
and the two ivrestle back and forth on
the bank above th ? water, while the Poet
looks on with admiration. The strength
of the Yokel is evidently superior, but is
largely useless before the trained muscles
of the Athlete. A moment, and the Ath-
lete, with a quick swing of i le practised
wrestler, lifts the Yokel from the
ground and throws him into liti r.'.'ddle
of the pool, where he lands with a great
splash.)

           The Athlete
There—cool off!

           The Poet
Prettily done.

The Athlete (turning into the grove
at rear)

Come, we’re due in town; we've got
to leave Eden.

     The Poet (rising regretfully)
Driven out by the flaming sword of
Civilization. (He accompanies the Ath-
lete to where their clothes lie.)

The Yokel (from the pool, spluttering)
You’ve been turned down by vour
girls, both of you—that s what s the mat-
ter with you!

CURTAIN
DREAMS

By E. M. Loeb

THE man came unto the seer and said:

“This was my dream: I wandered alone in a desert. Weak and worn
with thirst I was—aye, on the point of death. And then, behold! 1
saw before me an oasis. I saw the green of palm-trees and the glitter of
water in the sunlight. On my knees I groveled and crawled, but when
I reached the spot where I thought to have seen it, lo! it had vanished! Then
I fell senseless on the torturing sand."

    The seer pondered long. Then he spoke:

    “Go and dream again, for I cannot yet decipher.”

    The second day the man came once more unto the seer and said :

    “Last night this was my dream: In a dark, damp cell I lived, miserable,
starved in body and in mind. But outside my window the sun shone and life
flourished free. And just beyond the bars there grew a rose, red as blood
and sweet-scented as spring. One day I no longer was content to have this
rose as companion, but longed to hold it in my hands. So I thrust my arm
through the bars and plucked the flower. For an instant I was completely
happy! The rose was mine—mine alone. But not for long! For that same
day the rose faded. The petals fell off, the sweet scent departed forever, and
it was winter in the prison."

    The seer gazed at him compassionately.

    “The riddle is no longer a riddle,” he said, “and your days of happiness
are numbered. But return and dream once more."

     The third day the man returned for the last time.

     “This time,” he said, “I dreamed of the fields, the fresh winds, the scent
of many flowers, and the singing of magic-voiced birds. Light-hearted I
spent my days in this paradise. But one day a beautiful bird, whose voice
far surpassed the nightingale’s, came down from the sky and sang for me. She
sang of friendship and love, of the joys of heaven, and of the union of souls,
more wonderful than heaven. I was overcome with rapture, and asked the
bird to stay forever. She consented, on condition that I should leave Eden,
and have all my joy in her alone. And so I contrived a cage for her, fash-
ioned in gold and embellished with diamonds. In it I placed the bird, and left
with her for barren regions. Here I dwelt in a paradise in the wilderness for
many a week. Gradually the song of the nightingale lost in brilliancy, until
the time came when her notes were unbearable. Then in a fury—for I had
sacrificed all for this creature—I reached through the bars and clutched the
nightingale in my fist; and, lo! it was but a sparrow. So 1 wrung her neck
and ground her body under my heel.”

     When the man had finished, the seer groaned deeply.

     Oh, wretched mortal,” he said, “within a week thou shalt be afflicted with
—a wife!"

     But the man departed rejoicing!
THE TRUTH OF IT

         By Arthur Ulrispin, Jr.

CHRISTINE was poor, proud,
pretty—and proper. She clerked
in the Busy Bee Dry-Goods Em-
porium on Elm Street, two doors south
of Main, for six dollars a week, and was
subjected to no temptations or insults.
Holly town, home of Christine, wasn’t
that kind of place.

  Christine had always been proud,
pretty, and proper, but it was only
in the last year or so that the wolf
had howled voraciously about her door.
It was regrettable, to say the least, that
Christine’s father had allowed his life-
insurance policy to lapse, but the stark
fact remains that he had erred in that
manner, and Christine paid the final in-
stalment of the undertaker’s bill from
the proceeds of several weekly envelopes
received for laboring at the Busy Bee
Dry-Goods Emporium of Elm Street,
two doors south of Main.

  Had Hollytown been more of a me-
tropolis, Christine’s social statuts would
have changed with the depletion of her
personal means, but Hollytown was
Hollytown, and Christine was Christine;
and so even the proprietor of the Busy
Bee, whose wife harbored social aspira-
tions, did not dare to call her by her
given name. To him she had always
been “Miss Collins,” and “Miss Collins”
she was destined to remain.

  Of course, there’s a man in the story,
and, to be still more conventional, the
man was the banker’s son. It is always
the banker’s son who falls in love with
the pretty heroine. Some day there’ll be a
small town where the bankers are bache-
lors—or are otherwise childless—and
then contemporary fiction will have un-

dergone a distinct step in the right di-
rection. But Hollytown boasted the
Hollytown National Bank, and the
Hollytown National Bank boasted Har-
rison Pitt as its president, and Harrison
Pitt boasted Harrison Pitt junior as his
son. And there you are! Facts are
facts—however conventional.

  Harrison Pitt junior was a model
young man from the top of his ultra-
correct hat to the tips of his narrow
shoes. He had lived a conventional life
through school, college, and the first six
months of a business career, during
which time he had learned to pump an
adding-machine with commendable skill.

  Harrison wore Christine’s picture in
his watch, and she wore his likeness in
her locket. At times when neither was
working and Pitt pbre was not using
their shiny new “Complex four,” Harri-
son junior and Christine might have
been seen bowling along at a discreet
twenty miles an hour. Occasionally, as
they passed through sparsely-settled sec-
tions, the car’s speed would be reduced
to eight or ten miles an hour, and Har-
rison would drive with one hand, allow-
ing the other the luxury of pressing
Christine’s supple and readily yielding
waist. Nor did she seem to mind his
fervid caresses. Christine considered
herself engaged to Harrison, so no ques-
tion of propriety entered her mind.

  Like all small-town engagements, it
was a secret. Of course Harrison sen-
ior knew of it, but he and his wife
looked upon it as a joke, a boyish love-
affair—puppy-love or whatever it is
called. He knew, and he knew that the
young couple knew, that it would be at
72

THE TRUTH OF IT

least two years before Harrison junior
could support a wife; and he realized
that his son was not of the stamp to rush
into a hasty marriage. As for the young
man himself, he was well content merely
to be engaged.

  But on this day—of course, all stories
must open on a specific day—Christine
responded to his occasional kisses with
less fire than usual, and Harrison looked
hurt.

  “'S matter, honey?" he asked lightly.
“It will be two years or so before we
can be married, won’t it?” she asked
abruptly.

  “Why, yes. I s’pose so. What of it ?”
**I can’t continue to slave my life away
at six a week at the Busy Bee."

  “But it won’t be for long—”

  “Two years is a long time, Harry.
I’m going to quit it/’

  “Quit it? Why? How?"

  “I’m going to New York.”

  A super-centimctre shell could have
created no greater havoc. Harrison Pitt
junior’s mind groped blindly with the
situation thus flung at his head, and the
best he could do was to nod with all the
grace of an imbecile.

  “T-t-to New York?" he stammered.
“Yes.” Christine’s cheeks were beau-
tified by a high color, but her even, white
teeth were set firmly, and her little fists
were clenched under the lap-robe—it be-
ing a bit cool that day and lap-robes
comfortable.

  “But—Christine—for what?”

  “To work.”

  “You’re working here.”

  “At six dollars a week. It costs me
that much to eat and rent a roof to cover
my head. I need clothes and many other
things which six dollars a week won’t
buy.”

  “You can get a raise.”

    I can t. And if I could, it would be
hut a dollar a week. It isn’t that I think
I’m worth so much more than that . . .
but I’m going to New York. I have the
promise of a position there.”

  “A position ?” There was a gleam of
hope in Harrison’s eyes. “What sort of
|X)sition ?”

 “Do you remember that handsome
woman who was in town last week ? The
tall blonde who stayed at the Carson
House?"

  The very proper eyes of the young
man opened wider. Very well indeed
did he remember the flamboyant creature
of whom Christine spoke.

  “Yes/’

  “She was a traveling saleswoman for
the Phoenix Ladies’ Ready-to-Wear
house. She sold the Busy Bee some stuff,
and that’s where I met her.”

  “And it was through her that you re-
ceived this offer?”

  “Exactly.”

  “With the Phoenix Company?”

  “Yes.”

  “What sort of position is it?”

  “I'm to go there at twelve dollars a
week to start with, as—a model.” Very
discreetly Christine smiled. She had
carefully calculated her words to pro-
duce an untoward effect; and they did.

  “Model!” The word of horror rolled
fearfully from Harrison Pitt's tongue.
He had read a bit himself, and while his
ideas of models were hazy—ras applied
to the cloak and suit trade—lie had an
idea they spent most of their lime in ex-
treme negligee, stretched luxuriously on
tiger-rugs, a Turkish cigarette in one
hand and a glass of champagne in the
other.

  “A model!” he repeated.

  “A c/<?<j£-model. Harry. I see you
have the wrong- idea. I shall wear all
my clothes—and cloaks over. . . .”

 “But—but—” His wits were still
busy with the picture the word “moder’
had conjured.

  “The blonde woman says I am a per-
fect thirty-six.” Christine continued in
a business-like tone.

  "A perfect thirty-six.” he murmured
absently, and this time Christine flushed.

  Then they talked the afternoon away,
ARTHUR CRISPIN, JR.

73

Harrison advancing strenuous protest
after strenuous protest, all of which the
girl swept aside with a celerity which
betokened careful forethought. That
night she mentioned to one or two other
persons in Hollytown that she thought
of going to New York, and by the next
morning she was the cynosure of all
eyes.

  It was her uncle-in-law, a portly
gentleman of dignified demeanor and dea-
conish whiskers, who cornered her that
night after the closing of the Busy Bee
Dry-Goods Emporium’s doors. And for
a half-hour, without so much as a pause
for breath, this gentleman held forth on
the dangers of the big city.

  Christine turned a willing ear to his
exhortations. She admitted that she
knew New' \Tork was populated by two
million five hundred thousand masculine
devils who waylaid girls on each and
every corner with patented and unpat-
ented plans leading to their ruin, and
that she realized that good-looking miss-
es must be ever on the alert; but she put
the proposition straight to her benevo-
lent uncle-in-law.

  "I can’t live decently on the money I
earn here, so what am I to do?”

  He reneged a bit on that. There was
no offer of additional coin to defray
life’s necessities. And when she re-
mained firm in her determination to risk
the pitfalls of Gotham, he waddled away,
shaking his pudgy features and mutter-
ing dire prophecies.

  In truth, Christine was nervous her-
self. She was no fool, and she had seen
such plays as ‘‘Help Wanted.” She real-
ized that the straight and narrow path
in New York was bounded on both sides
by rose-bowers, champagne, millionaires,
taxicabs, hot birds, broiled lobsters, and
Houses of Bondage. But, she reasoned,
other girls had lived through it unsullied,
and there was no reason why she might
not.

  Between the announcement of her de-
termination, and the day when the puffy

little engine snorted its disgust at any
female of the species fool enough to
leave the innocuous desuetude of Holly-
town for the hurly-burly of New Y’ork
—and thereupon carried her flying
toward that iniquitous, city—Christine
was beset by hordes of friends, world-
wise and world-ignorant, who regaled
her with multicolored accounts of the
dangers which awaited her, and pre-
scribed the latest approved methods of
getting around them. They furnished a
verbal Baedeker of the city’s evils; and
when Christine lay back in the stuffy,
red-velvet-covered seat in the day-coach
as the train pulled out of the tiny depot
for New York, she felt a thoroughly
feminine desire to cry, and to back out
at this thirteenth hour, and only her
pride prevented.

  Ten hours later the train was in New
York, and Christine summoned her en-
ergies and moved her cramped muscles.
She stepped on to the concrete platform,
mounted innumerable stairs, and gazed
awe-stricken at the tremendous dome of
the Pennsylvania Station. Thereupon
she timidly pursued her way to Seventh
Avenue, eying every man askance and
fearing attack with each step. She re-
read the letter of directions written her
by the blonde woman who had secured
her the position, and in due course of
time came to the dingy, red-brick-front
boarding-house on West Twenty-third
Street.

  There, gentle reader—I caught you
smiling that time! You are now pre-
pared to peruse the story of her life in
this house of impropriety to which she
has been lured, a tale of knockout drops
and the rest of the white-slave formula.
So was Christine. But you—and she
will be disappointed.

  The house was run by a broad-bos-
omed, healthily-hipped Mrs. Patrick
O’Malley, and was painfully respectable.
Its clientele of boarders consisted of sev-
eral shopgirls, two laundry-clerks, a
salesman of cigars, and a dancing-mis-
74

THE TRUTH OK IT

tress. Save for the fact that the sales-
man of cigars was inclined to be flirta-
tious in an entirely harmless way, no
temptation strayed within the portals of
the house—as a jingle meal told Chris-
tine, and she breathed more easily in the
know,0dge that here, at least, she might
find sanctuary. In fact, she had occa-
sion to pink a little when Mrs. O’Malley
informed her in a motherly but none-
theless positive manner that her board-
ers were ladies and gentlemen, and that
when they ceased to come within that
classification they would be cordially in-
vited to leave.

   The next morning Christine presented
herself at the Phoenix Company's Sixth
Avenue store, where she was met by the
effusive and perfumed blonde lady and
introduced to the store-manager, a pursy
little man who eyed that which made
Christine a perfect thirty-six in a critical
and wholly professional manner, and
the'little country girl was duly installed
as a model. Under the direction of a
certain Miss Yvonne Riley, she learned
her new duties readily, and within three
days had settled into a rut of routine.

   Two months passed, during which a
trip to Coney Island and an ensuing case
of indigestion furnished the only real
excitement. The flirtatious cigar sales-
man had been her companion; and he
hadn’t tried to hug her even when they
shot the chutes and roller-coasted to-
gether, at which, 1 shamefacedly admit,
Christine was a mite disappointed. Nor
in all that time had the pursy manager
told her that lie was unhappily married
and desired a soul-mate. In brief, she
found New York dull, and she was ter-
ribly lonely.

  And then, at the end of the two
 months, she met her first millionaire, and
 once more girded on her steel armor—
 figuratively speaking.

   The millionaire in question, one Thad-
  deus Spencer, entered the Phoenix one
  day with a handsomely-gowned, regal
  woman. He assisted her in the selection

of several garments, his taste proving
suspiciously expert. Christine was their
model, and in the course of business the
pursy manager, who knew Mr. Spencer
and was as obsequious as his millions de-
manded, introduced him to Christine.
He also introduced the woman, and
Christine had her first distinct surprise.
The woman was not the man’s wife, nor
did she occupy any equivocal position.
She was his sister.

  And eventually the millionaire left,
but he was back the next day, and the v
next, and the next, and then the sales-
ladies did start the ball of gossip whirl-
ing. There wasn’t a doubt of it: as Miss
Yvonne Riley put it, he had “fell for
Christine, an’ fell hard!"

  With a realization of that fact as a
fact there came to Christine an almost
unholy joy. Here, at least, was oppor-
tunity for that zest of danger which she
had secretly craved. But the innate pro-
priety of her, the inherent small-town
narrowness, the inborn sense of caution,
prompted her to refuse his first dinner
invitation. Whereupon he smiled slight-
ly, and the next day his sister appeared
and invited Christine to go for a motor-
ride over the Hudson Boulevard in Jer-
sey the following Sunday. Mrs. Grundy
having been satisfied, Christine accepted,
and the following Sunday was a day of
joy.

  Less than a week later she dined at
Churchill’s with Mr. Thaddeus Spenc-
er—unchaperoned.

  Of course, she wasn’t blind to his in-
tentions. She knew well that million-
aires didn’t run after cloak-models with
offers of marriage. But by this time she
felt almost painfully able to guard her
virtue, and her little trips with him be-
came semi-weekly occurrences. As for
Mr. Spencer, he conducted himself as
befitted a millionaire and a gentleman:
but Christine knew full well that the
clouds were gathering, and that sooner
or later the storm would break. And
then back to her existence of loneliness
ARTHUR CRISPIN, JR.

75

and her twelve dollars a week to spend,
with no excitement—now that the flir-
tatious salesman had suddenly married a
manicure who lived down the street,
and had left the boarding-house.

  Then it was that the Phoenix Com-
pany went to the wall, and Christine
was out of a job at a time when jobs
were scarcer than the proverbial hen’s
teeth.

  But Christine was still in the ring.
She withdrew from a department-store
savings-bank the little money that she
had saved, and valiantly trudged the
rounds of the stores, applying for a job.
Invariably they either told her that there
was no opening, or else they took her
name and said they’d notify her if a va-
cancy occurred. But no job. Nor did
any sleek proprietor attempt to kiss her,
or tell her that she was worth more than
ten dollars a week, and offer to show her
how to make fifty or a hundred.

  So it was that eventually, through the
machinations—or assistance, call it what
you will—of the original blonde lady
who had—to use Hollytown’s phrase—
“lured her to the city,” Christine secured
a job in the chorus of “The Golden
Ring.” Her salary was fixed at eighteen
dollars a week, and she proved an apt
pupil. She opened with the show in Pat-
erson, and stayed with it during its New
York run.

  “The Golden Ring” was three degrees
removed from a leg-show. It boasted
co-stars, and book and lyrics by well-
known perpetrators of revivers for tired
business men. Its comedy lines were
good, and it drew the crowd. For a
while.

  And during that time Christine bad
her initial experience with a stage-door
Johnny. She had her only experience
with a stage-door Johnny. She and two
other pulchritudinous chorus-ladies were
met at the stage-entrance by three even-
ing-dressed, silk-hatted young dandies,
each boasting an automobile. They
bowed and stepped forward simulta-

neously. One of them linked an arm con-
fidingly through Christine’s.

  “Hullo!” he greeted. “How about a
bit of supper?”

  Christine’s body tensed. Here was
Danger—with a capital “D”; here was
the ravening wolf who preyed on wom-
en. Her arm dropped, and she faced
him, her outward calm giving the lie to
the inward seething.

  “You’ve made a mistake,” she re-
marked icily.

  The young man stepped back and
bowed courteously.

  “Pardon me,” he said suavely. “My
fault.” And Christine walked home un-
molested.

  Nor was she troubled after that. Pos-
sibly her reputation for virtue spread.
At any rate, save for an occasional wink,
no other stage-door Johnny made any
advances to her. And, although she did
not analyze her feelings, she felt slightly
disappointed about it all.

  During all this time Mr. Thaddtus
Spencer continued his attack on her
citadel. He was gentlemanly and cir-
cumspect, but she did not misunder-
stand. She knew that he was what they
called, in the parlance of the city, “a
wise one.” No bungling of such a deli-
cate job by him!

  So things went for the four months*
run of “The Golden Ring.” Then the
show closed for the season, and Chris-
tine, now well dressed, and with some
money saved from week to week, and
thoroughly confident that her virtue was
as safe as though it had been placed
under lock and key in a bank-vault, de-
termined to return to Hollytown. There,
at least, she would get away from the
fictionized fetidness of the city, with its
ever-ready pitfalls and dangers.

  The night before her departure she
motored and dined with Thaddeus
Spencer. That is, she dined first and
then she motored.

  It was as they were traversing a par-
ticularly dark and silent stretch of road
7(i

THE TRUTH OF IT

that he turned to her and she realized
with a thrill, half of fear and half of a
not undelightful anticipation, that at last
his full purpose was to be disclosed. His
voice was thick and hoarse, and he closed
one hot hand over hers before she could
draw back. She chilled in every fibre of
her being—as the novelists put it—and
jerked away.

  "You forget yourself, Mr. Spencer!”
she snapped.

  And then he apologized humbly,
turned his car. sped it downtown, and
left her at her boarding-house.

  That night she pondered many things,
and chief among them was the manner
in which Thaddeus Spencer had proven
true lo fiction by his dastardly attempt
on her—that's the way she characterized
it, at any rate—and she thought of the
return to the quaint, puritanical, church-
going little town which was her home,
and of Harrison Pitt junior, die banker’s
son. And the next evening she was back
in Holly town.

  She registered at the Carson House.
Hollytown’s single hostelry. The night-
clerk winked at her, and she flamed with
indignation. Her uncle-in-law met her
that evening and eyed her in a manner
that brought a flush to her cheeks.

  “You’ve disgraced the family,’’ he
flamed, ,lby becomin’ a common chorus-
girl !”

  Next morning she dropped in at the
Busy Bee Dry-Goods Emporium, on
Elm Street, two doors south of Main.
The female clerks eyed her metropolitan
attire with open admiration and allowed
that the life of a chorus-girl must be
grand and exciting. They called her
‘‘Christine.*’ The little proprietor hus-
tled forward and invited her into his pri-
vate office. She went, to talk of oM
times, and he told her a joke with a
double-meaning. Then his wife came in
and forbade him to have further confab
with “that hussy"!

  At four o'clock that afternoon Chris-
tine telephoned Harrison Pm junior at

the bank. He said he’d come for her
in the family car at five. His voice
radiated a patent tremble.

  He called. They drove into the coun-
try. Once out of the town, he slipped
an arm around her waist, and she al-
lowed it. He kissed her—and then she
pulled away, suddenly and sharply. The
kiss was not the kiss she had expected
from him. It was an insult. She noti-
fied him brusquely that their engagement
was at an end.

  “Of course it is,” he returned a bit
nastily. “Dyou think I'd marry a cho-
rus-girl? I suppose you have friends
back in the city.”

  She didn’t answer, hut that night she
returned to New York, the mecca of
evil-doers, the concentration of lures and
insults and pitfalls. And she telephoned
Thaddeus Spencer that she was back.

  He broke a business engagement and
came for her in his high-powered road-
ster. They were silent until they had
passed Grant's Tomb on Riverside. And
then she turned to him with a direct
question.

  “The last time we drove up this way
together.” said she, “you took my hand.
You had acted peculiarly all evening.
What was it you wanted of me?"

  His eyes popped wide open.

  “I—I—wanted to marry you!” he
gasped.

  She gasped, too. but retained control
of herself.

  “You still wish to?”

  “Yes. I—I—love you!”

  The girl looked at the man beside her,
and then at the stark skyline of the city.
She shifted her gaze across the Hudson
and looked in the general direction of
puritanval Hollytown. Then she slipped
her hand into his and nestled close.

  “1 didn't realize it before.” she said
softly, “but I love you, too!”

  Ard so, to wind up the story in the
proper and conventional manner, they
were married and lived happily ever af-
terwards.
CONFESSIONS OF A FASHION-
ABLE PRACTITIONER

Anonymous
I—THE GREEN ORCHID

SOMEWHERE in my memory there
lingers the vague recollection of
a quotation to the effect that
the family doctor is father confessor
first, priest afterward. I don’t know
when it was said or by whom; but
it comes perilously near to the truth.

  "Professional ethics” seals more se-
crets than the confessional; and in his
capacity of healer of sick bodies the
physician is frequently called upon to
minister to sick souls—to say nothing of
the opportunities that come to him to ob-
serve family skeletons.

  I am aware that to open the door of
the closet may be regarded as a violation
of those same professional ethics of
which I speak; but there is no possibility
that any of my dramatis persona could
ever be connected with those who ac-
tually played the roles in life. I am con-
fident that I have provided them with
disguises sufficient to insure against rec-
ognition ; and chief among these must be
my own anonymity.

  When I graduated from one of the
big Eastern universities, the choice of a
profession was open to me. I chose
medicine, for two reasons: because I
was genuinely enthusiastic over it, and
because I wanted to study human na-
ture.

  With the attainment of my degree and
the completion of my hospital work,
came the question where to settle. Not
desiring to emulate the prophet of Bib-
lical fame, and numberless other indi-
viduals of no fame whatever, I decided
against my birthplace and in favor of a

neighboring city, which, for the sake of
convenience, I shall call Cinnapolis—al-
though that is not its name.

  There was never any doubt of my suc-
cess. My people were well off, well con-
nected, and favorably known all through
the vicinity. I had a good establishment,
plenty of money, and—a reputation as
an auction-player. Almost before I real-
ized it, I found myself in possession of
a large and growing practice.

  My patients were all wealthy—most of
them belonged to the class which is
spoken of as the “idle rich”—and their
ailments were largely imaginary, putting
no great tax on my powers. It is aston-
ishing how many and how varied can be
the complaints of a woman who has
nothing with which to occupy her mind,
or a man whose sole business in life is
to kill time.

  Being presentable in appearance, well
born, decently bred, and unmarried, I
was immediately received on a footing
of friendly equality in most of the houses
where my professional services w-ere re-
quired ; and having, as I have mentioned,
a keen interest in human nature, I grad-
ually acquired a store of knowledge con-
cerning those whose names appeared in
the society columns of the Cinnapolis
papers that, if revealed, would have
shaken the social structure to its founda-
tions.

  But I kept my eyes and ears open and
my mouth shut; and I continued to
dance with debutantes, matrons, and
dowagers, and play cards with their
brothers, husbands, and lovers o’ nights,

77
78

CONFESSIONS OF A FASHIONABLE PRACTITIONER

while prescribing for them more or less
harmless cures during otficc-hours and
professional calls, for the results inci-
dent to their pursuit of pleasure. They
religiously took my medicine and—infre-
quently—my advice. They even paid
mv outrageous charges without a mur-
mur. If one wishes to keep up with the
fashion, one must be willing to pay the
price; and in Cinnapolis I was the fash-
ion. No family laying the slightest
claim to standing would have even re-
motely considered being indisposed with-
out sending for me. To summon an-
other physician would have been a sign
of financial disability. A fashion is—a
fashion.

  But there was one woman w ho sedu-
lously refrained from following the gen-
era! example Her husband belonged to
or.e of the oldest families in the city,
and her father was enormously wealthy,
the president of the largest bank in
Cinnapolis and a director in most of the
others, as well as a power in local and
state politics; thus Mary Hermon could
afford to do as she chose. She did not
choose my services.

  “Why, there's nothing ever the matter
with me!" she declared gaily one even-
ing. when one of her friends laughingly
inquired why she persisted in sticking
to a stodgy old practitioner when there
was a younger and much more attract-
ive one at hand.

  “I never need a doctor/' said Mary
Hermon.

  And the next day the bay team of old
Doctor Banks switched their long tails
before the door of the big Hermon
house for an hour. It was not to see
Mrs. Hermon, however, that Banks had
been summoned. Her husband had been
taken suddenly and alarmingly ill.

  “Rotten sense, Jim Hermon’s got.”
Banks informed me disgustedly, when I
chanced to meet him a few da vs later.

   He will drink, and it lays him up every
time. Ever since he came back from
that Central American place, alcohol in

any form is so much poison to him.
He’s all right—until some one asks him
to take a drink, and then he cuts loose.
I’ve warned him time and again, but I
might as well save my breath. One of
these fine days, hell take a glass too
much, and then—!** Banks lifted his
fat hands upward and pursed his lips.

  “Why not speak to his wife'” I sug-
gested.

  “Oh, I leave the women to you; you
like to talk to ’em,” said he, and shuf-
fled away.

  I was always glad to talk to Mary
Hermon. Of all the women in the smart
set of Cinnapolis she interested me most.
Perhaps a year or two under thirty,
rather small and slight, with big, dark
eyes and a great quantity of blue-black
hair, she was, on occasion, the most
beautiful woman I had ever seen. There
were other times when she appeared al-
most plain; and a surreptitious study
revealed to me the fact that her beauty
depended entirely on her expression, and,
further, that her expression depended
solely upon the presence or absence of
her husband.

  She was very quiet; she talked little,
and I had never heard her laugh aloud.
Biu the heat of a fire does not depend on
the height of the flames, and the most in-
tense natures are often those hidden be-
neath the m^st placid surfaces. Mary
Hermon loved her husband with a pas-
sion that amounted almost to idolatry.
When he was with her, her face was
illumined with an animation that made
her wonderful; without him, she was
an unlighted lamp.

  There was nothing particularly re-
markable about Hermon that I could see
to inspire such a love. He was tall and
fair; his shoulders stooped slightly, and
he had a tendency to stoutness—a ten-
dency that would assert itself emphat-
ically later on in life.

  Personally, I disliked him. There had
been some u?ly stories afloat regarding
his habits before his marriage, and, al-
ANONYMOUS

79

though he was supposed to have steadied
down, I had my doubts. A man doesn’t
run after one woman for years, marry
another, and then risk his life to please
the vanity of the first one if he is pre-
pared to settle down quietly in double
harness.

  Besides, if there were any truth in
the stories of his conduct on his first
exploring expedition (he had gone to
Central America at the behest of a group
of archaeologists who set great store by
him), his wife was to be pitied—quite
as much as the native women, of his
treatment of whom even the most hard-
ened among his companions spoke with
loathing. He certainly had ability in his
own line; but few women are interested
in prehistoric ruins, and Mary Hermon
was not one of the few. She was vitally
alive, a veritable little flame of intensity.
She had been deeply in love with Her-
mon for years before her marriage to
him—the whole time, indeed, that he had
pursued another woman.

  That woman was Orchid Parry. The
name Orchid suited her perfectly. She
was an exotic of the most pronounced
type. No one seemed to know very
much about her antecedents; but she ap-
peared to have unlimited money at com-
mand, and the house that she occupied,
with an Englishwoman who acted as
companion and chaperon, was, though
small, one of the most exquisitely fur-
nished and appointed in Cinnapolis. I
know, for I have been in it.

  She went everywhere, knew every one.
The women hated her—and invited her
to their houses—possibly at the com-
mand or behest of the men, who were her
slaves. She might have married a dozen
times had she desired, but she remained
single and let half the males of the city
singe their wings.

  Of all those who had desired and
sought to win her, Tim Hermon had been
the most dogged in his pursuit. Bets
had been laid at the Calabash Club, three
to one against his success. Jim had fam-

ily. but little money—and orchids are ex-
pensive. It was conceded that she had
refused him finally, and that when he
returned from his year in Central Amer-
ica he would turn his attention else-
where. He did—to Mar)- Rice. Inside
of three months from his reappearance
in the city they were married.

  It was publicly supposed that Hermon
had accomplished nothing, brought back
nothing from his trip save a lightened
pocketbook and an impaired digestion.
The group of scientists who had sent
him out promptly severed all connection
with him, and it was said that there had
been a stormy time between them.

  But there was a far more important
reason for this step on their part than
Hermon's mere failure to attain the ob-
ject of the expedition. The inside facts
in the case were hushed up, but it was
not long before it came to my knowledge
that Hermon had brought something
back with him—a new and extraordinary
orchid, sea-green in color and in shape
not unlike a bat with outspread wings.

  This treasure-trove he had calmly ap-
propriated, claiming ownership by right
of discovery. His colleagues, on their
part, fclaimed it because they had fi-
nanced the expedition and he was tech-
nically in their employ; but, possession
being nine points of the law, they were
unable to make good their claim. There
was no suit brought; Hermon was sim-
ply dropped and blacklisted.

  I believe it was a severe blow to him;
at least, it deprived him of any further
opportunities to distinguish himself in
his work, in which he had begun to make
an enviable name for himself. It also
deprived him of his income.

  Remained, then, only the priceless new
orchid—and Orchid Parry wore one of
the strange blossoms when she attended
the smart wedding of Hermon and Mary
Rice. Thereafter she never appeared
in public without one or more fastened
at her breast.

  Slim and lithe and sinuous, with hair
80

CONFESSIONS OF A FASHIONABLE PRACTITIONER

the color of dull gold and eyes as narrow
and pointed as those of an Oriental, she
was a remarkable-looking woman. Her
evening gowns, cut daringly low to show
the perfection of white neck and shoul-
ders, were invariably of green, pale
gleaming, exactly the shade of the irises
of her slanting eyes. She was easily the
most conspicuous figure in Cinnapolis
society. And always amid the froth of
lace at her breast nestled a sea-green
orchid, like some smooth, bat-winged
moth of mystery.

  Then, abruptly, she ceased to wear it;
and three weeks later Jim Hermon de-
parted again for Central America. He
was gone four months. When he re-
turned he sent a large package to the
house of Orchid Parry, but he did not
himself go near the house or her. He
had been some two months at home
when he experienced the attack of which
Banks had spoken to me—and Orchid
Parry was wearing her exotic blossoms
again.

  So far as I was concerned, there was
no particular puzzle about the affair. It
resolved itself into the following factors:

  Jim Hermon had lost his head over
Orchid Parry. He had presented to her
the parasitic plant which he had found
on his first exploratory expedition, and
had gotten himself in bad odor with his
colleagues as a result. Evidently the
orchid had been insufficient price for the
lady, and Hermon had married Mary
Rice, either in a fit of pique or because
of her immense fortune. I thought the
prcbabilities were in favor of the latter
hypothesis.

  Unquestionably aware of her hus-
band’s feeling for Orchid Parry—all
Cinnapolis knew of it—Mary Hermon
had set herself to work to win his love
for herself. If he did not really re-
spond, at least he made a respectable
showing. Then Miss Parry had taken a
hand in the game again. The absence of
the orchid from her costume argued that
the plant—or plants—had died, and she

had induced Hermon to go in search of
another.

  So much was clear to me. The only
question in my mind was, what did Her-
mon expect to receive from the lady as
a reward for his perilous trip? It would
not be in money—for the green orchid
was priceless. Connoisseurs had offered
fabulous sums for a root, but Miss
Parry had laughed at the idea of selling
it. So far as 1 had been able to find out,
no one had so much as seen it growing.
She would permit no one to touch the
blooms, and burned them when they
faded. That was just the sort of thing
that appealed to her. She liked myster-
ies and enigmas—they were the breath of
life to her. She was one herself.

  I could not readily account for the
fact that gossip had failed to link Her-
mon with the orchid. His foggy ex-
planation that he had made his second
trip for the purpose of finding the ruins
he had failed to locate on his first was
no explanation at all. since he had been
shut out from scientific circles.

  Yet it was accepted readily enough,
possibly because, as I have before men-
tioned, he was supposed to have settled
down since his marriage, and because
he carefully kept out of Orchid Parry’s
way. But that there was a little cu-
riosity current became evident to me
one evening when I was attending a
dance at Mrs. Palmerston's. I had
greeted my hostess and was standing be-
side a bank of palms which screened an
alcove formed by the immense bow-win-
dows, when young Joe Wheeler touched
me on the arm.

  “I say, Doctor,” said he, "don’t you
suppose there’s some connection between
Jim Hermon and the green orchid?”

  “Certainly not,” I said promptly.
“Not the slightest chance of it.” I had
an excellent reason for lying: Mary
Hermon was standing within two feet
of me. concealed from Wheeler's view
by the spreading branches of the palms.

  “Oh,” he said, “the idea just occurred
ANONYMOUS

81

to me, that’s all. I saw them together,
and he looked as if he wanted to eat her
up." He moved away, and an instant
later I found myself looking into Mary
Hermon’s stormy eyes.

  “Thank you. Doctor,’' she said. “It
isn’t every one who would have missed
such a chance to roll the ball of scandal
along.”

  There was no use pretending to mis-
understand.

  "I could see nothing to be gained, Mrs.
Hermon,” I said. “And, besides, that's
all in the past.”

  “Is it?” She made a gesture with her
fan, and I followed the direction of her
gaze.

  Through a break in the crowd I could
see the lithe, sinuous figure of Orchid
Parry, and by her side was Jim Her-
mon. They were standing by an onyx
table which supported a huge silver
punch-bowl, and Hermon, who had ap-
parently just handed a glass to his com-
panion, was raising one to his own lips.

  “Oh! He mustn’t!” I heard the
woman beside me exclaim. “He
mustn’t!” She made an agitated move-
ment forward, then stopped, and the
mother-o’-pearl sticks of her fan snapped
in her fingers. For Orchid Parry’s hand
was suddenly raised and laid on Jim
Hermon’s wrist. He set his glass down
untasted, and they moved away from the
bowl. Then the crowd closed in and hid
them from view.

  I glanced down at Mary Hermon.
Her head was thrust a little forward,
and her upper lip was drawn back from
her white teeth. The flame of the poin-
settias at her breast was as nothing to
that in her eyes. She looked like a
small, vicious animal, at bay and ready
to spring. Every muscle was taut, and
she was quivering from head to foot.

  “Look here, Mrs. Hermon/’ I said,
“this won’t do. Relax—relax. You
keep up this sort of thing and you’ll
snap. The human organism can stand
just so much, and no more/'

  She seemed not to have heard me.

  “She shan’t have him! She sha’n’t
have him!” she was whispering over and
over again to herself, beating one savage
little hand against her thigh the while.
Then abruptly she left me, edging along
the wall in the direction which her hus-
band and Orchid Parry had taken.

  My attention was no longer on Mrs.
Palmerston’s dance and her guests. I
was far more concerned with the drama
of human interest that was being played
before me. I crossed the hall, ascended
the stairs, and made my way to a room
at the back of the house which Palmer-
ston called his den. It was a splendid
apartment, done in magnificent tooled
leather, with great English club-chairs
and deep couches scattered about There
was no one there. The lights were low-
ered ; I found the switch and put them
out. I wanted to think.

  Either my diagnosis was radically
wrong, or Mary Hermon was on the
verge of a complete mental collapse. She
was wrought up to a dangerous pitch,
and her condition was critical because
of her habitual repression. It is only the
confined explosive that is dangerous.

  Orchid Parry’s action in restraining
Hermon from drinking the punch had
shown clearly that she knew he was un-
der instructions to touch nothing alcohol-
ic. Was it this or the intimacy of the
gesture with which she had laid her hand
on his that had set the match to the tow
of his wife's jealousy?

  “Why,” I asked myself, “can’t she
leave him alone? He’s been trying to
break loose; why doesn’t she let him
go?”

  The question was one that practically
answered itself; but even while I was
considering that curious mental twist
possessed by some women—the dog-in-
the-manager, spider-and-fly, cat-and-
mouse combination that absolutely
refuses to loose a victim—I thought I
heard a sound as of a door opening be-
hind me. An instant later I decided that
ft?

CONFESSIONS OF A FASHIONABLE PRACTITIONER

it must have come from the hall, for
the doorway was darkened by two fig-
ures, a man and a woman. The light
from the electrolier shone on the high-
piled, dull gold hair of Orchid Parry,
and flashed from the necklace of
aquamarines about her throat.

  “There’s no one here, Orchid.-’ It
was Hermon’s voice. “Come in.”

  “We’ll be missed,” she demurred, but
there was no reluctance in her manner
as she followed him a few steps into the
room. I was about to rise and make my
presence known when he turned and
grasped her hands roughly.

  “When ?” he demanded hoarsely.
“When ?”

  “You’ve put me off long enough. I
asked you—when?” His voice was thick
and ragged.

  She did not answer.

  “Are you going to ask for more time ?”
Holding both of her hands in one of his,
he put the other under her chin and
turned her face to the light.

  Orchid Parry was not a beautiful
woman. She was too bizarre, too spec-
tacular, for real beauty, but in that mo-
ment her face was transfigured. What-
ever motives had actuated her in the
past, when she had cajoled, flouted, and
tormented this man. she was now ready
to yield to him. Blinded by the strength
of his own desire, he could not read what
was as plain as print to me.

  “Answer me!” he commanded.

  “No, Jim.” Her voice was as softly
seductive as the arms she twined about
his neck. “I—I’m not going to ask for
any more time.”

  "Then—?” His set face was within
an inch of hers.

  “To-morrow night,” she breathed.

  With a muffled cry, he caught her to
him.

  Sheer, stark passion is not a pretty
sight to see. I looked away. And then,
all at once, I made out another figure in
the gloom. No need to wonder who it

was. She was leaning forward, and her
facc was contorted into a tortured mask.

  “Jim, we must go back. We’ll be
missed.” Orchid Parry had freed her-
self from Hermon’s embrace and was
adjusting the crumpled laces of her
gown. The green orchid fell to the floor
at his feet. He picked it up, tore off one
of the wing-like petals, and thrust it into
his breast-pocket.

  She uttered a little cry of protest.

  “Jim! I told you it was the last one!”

  “Well, shall I go and get you an-
other? The first plant cost me my busi- -
ness integrity; the second nearly cost me
my life. Do you want me to try again ?”
He was brutally ironical.

  She shook her head.

  “I want nothing now—but you,” she
murmured.

  “And that English nuisance?” he asked
her, while she fastened the maimed blos-
som in its place.

  “I’ll send her away, Jim. There’ll be
no one there—no one but just us two!”
She turned toward the door, flashing
him a swift, seductive smile. He bent
forward and laid his lips on her bare
shoulder.

  “God!” he said. “The years you’ve
wasted, Orchid!”

  I looked at the spot where.Mary Her-
mon had been standing. She was not
there; she was not in the room. And
though there was a door behind me, it
was closed. Had my imagination played
me a trick? It seemed so, yet I could
have sworn that I had seen her there,
watching the revolting spectacle of her
husband's mad passion for another
woman.

  I met her on the stairs twenty minutes
later, and she smiled at me pleasantly,
placidly. Almost I decided that I must
have been mistaken in supposing that
she had followed her husband and
Orchid Parry. The two were standing
together in the hall below. She looked
down at them with an expression that
was quite apathetic. There was no ani-
ANONYMOUS

83

mation in her face, and I thought I had
never seen her look so nearly plain.

  I spent an interested half-hour the
next day piecing out the psychology of
my drama and fitting the sections to-
gether. They formed the inevitable tri-
angle, but a rather unusual aspect of it.

  Orchid Parry had never had the slight-
est use for Jim Hermon—except the per-
verted pleasure a woman of her type de-
rives from tormenting a man—until he
ceased to importune her. She had
abused herself at his expense; she had
rained his career and sent him out to
risk his life, simply that her morbid
vanity might be gratified, that she might
have a unique specimen of her name-
flower. She had unquestionably prom-
ised to give him herself as a reward for
the Hesperian apples, as typified by the
green orchid, and then coolly defaulted
payment. Now, when there was no
longer any question of payment, when
he had voluntarily raised the siege, the
citadel was ready to surrender. Once
he had been valueless. Now, quite un-
reasonably, after the manner of her kind,
she wanted him; and she would take
him just as ruthlessly as she had cast
him aside.

  But what of his wife? That was the
thought that kept recurring to me all
day. When, on driving past the station.
I saw the “English nuisance” boarding
a train, and knew that Orchid had sent
her away, the thought obtruded itself
more insistently than ever. What of
Mary Hermon?

  If she had really been behind me in
Palmerston’s room the previous night,
would she stand tamely by and allow her
husband to go to Orchid Parry? If I
had read her aright, she would not. Yet,
after all, what could she do? She might
prevent his going that night, but there
were other nights. She might leave
him; it would suit him perfectly. She
might drag the other woman’s name
through the mire of scandal; but the
other woman would have Jim Hermon.

  He was an unscrupulous cad, a liber-
tine—and worse ; but there is no account-
ing for a woman’s love. If Hermon had
been true to his wife, it was simply be-
cause Orchid Parry would have none of
him; yet here was his wife burning her-
self out with a fierce passion for the man
who didn’t want her, and who was him-
self consumed with desire for some one
else.

  My sympathy was all for the wife;
perhaps because I liked her, while I de-
tested Hermon and distrusted Orchid
Parry; and perhaps because, in spite of
her fragility, there was nothing craven
or cowardly about Mary Hermon. That
which was hers, she would fight to keep;
and, somehow, I had a feeling that she
would keep it. I hoped she would—
utterly worthless though it seemed to me.

  It must have been about ten o’clock
that night wh :i the telephone-bell in my
study rang. It was a private telephone,
unlisted, and not more than a dozen peo-
ple knew the number. The regular tele-
phone was downstairs in the office of my
assistant, with an extension connected
with his bedroom on the third floor.

  I was tired, and disinclined for pro-
fessional or other conversation. For a
moment I debated whether or not to
answer the call. Then I stretched out
my hand for the instrument.

  “Hello!” It was a woman’s voice,
with just a trace of French accent. “Is
that you. Doctor?'1

  “Yes” I said. “Who is it?”

  “This is Mrs. Hcrmon’s maid speak-
ing. Mrs. Hermon—Mrs. James Her-
mon—would be greatly obliged if you
could come down at once.”

  In less than fifteen minutes I was
shown into Mary Hermon’s room.

  She was lying on a couch, piled high
with gorgeous pillows. The masses of
her hair fell in a blue-black cascade over
her shoulders and across the folds of her
rose-colored robe.

  “My head hurts so, Doctor,” she said
plaintively. “Can't you help me?”
84

CONFESSIONS OF A FASHIONABLE PRACTITIONER

  “I can try," I said, and drew up a
chair beside the couch. Her pulse was
fast and very uneven; there was a good
deal of color in her usually pale cheeks,
and the pupils of her eyes were dilated
so that they almost covered the iris. She
had a temperature of 102°. No wonder
her head ached! The collapse I had
foreseen had come. Perhaps—if it were
not too late—Orchid Parry’s net might
be broken. I felt a grim satisfaction at
the thought.

  “Where’s Mr. Hermon?” I asked.

   She gave a little sigh.

  “Am I as sick as all that? Well—
Jim’s in his library. At least, he said
he was going to be busy this evening,
looking up some references. I haven’t
seen him since luncheon. Shall I send
Annette for him?”

  “No, I’ll go,” I said. “I want to speak
to him. Tell Annette to get you to bed.
I'll be back again in a few minutes.” I
rose to my feet and pocketed my ther-
mometer. As I did so, I caught the
odor of her breath. It fairly reeked of
brandy. Most certainly she had been
drinking—a good deal; yet I happened
to know that she loathed liquor in any
form and never touched it.

  Poor child! Certainly she had borne
her trouble bravely. Had she been
driven to seek that will-o’-the-wisp—for-
getfulness? She looked so frail and
girlish, lying back among the silken pil-
lows, that I felt a sudden surge of anger
against her husband, and against Orchid
Parry.

  I did not expect to find him in the
house. Doubtless he had already gone
to keep his tryst, but there was a pos-
sibility of his being still in his study. I
went down the long hall to the room at
the end, knocked, and, receiving no an-
swer, turned the knob. The room was
brightly lighted. I stepped within.

    Mr. Hermon,” I said. But Hermon
did not turn. He was sitting with his
back to me, beside a small table on which
stood an almost empty decanter, a

siphon, and two glasses. There was
something in his pose, something in the
way his head lolled back against the
leather cushions of his chair, that made
me start hurriedly to his side.

  He had been dead some time. Already
rigor mortis was beginning to set in.
There was a rim on the inside of the
decanter, showing me exactly how much
of the brandy had been used. It was a
good deal. And alcohol was a virulent
poison to Hermon.

  But why, knowing this, had he drunk
so freely? How had he come to forget
what Banks had told him? I was puz-
zled for an instant; then, as a small ob-
ject lying on the white rug beside the
body caught my eye, a light suddenly
dawned on me. This was not a case of
unintentional suicide! The tzuo glasses
on the table, the reek of brandy on Mary
Hermon’s breath, the small object I had
picked up from the rug—the wilted petal
of a sea-green orchid, in shape not un-
like the wing of a bat, and ground al-
most to a pulp by a woman’s small, high
heel—was any further evidence needed?

  As I turned to leave the room, the
telephone on a small stand in the com- r
rang musically. I answered the call.

  “Hello! Is that you, Jim?” I recog-
nized Orchid Parry’s voice. . “What is
keeping you ? Do you—”

  “This is not Mr. Hermon,” I inter-
rupted. “He”—and I paused an instant
before driving the blow home—“he is
dead! Who is this speaking?”

  A gasping cry that ended in a shriek
answered me. I was conscious of a feel-
ing of grim gratification as I replaced
the instrument on the stand and went
back to Mary Hennon’s room. Orchid
Parry would pay now—but not in the
coin she had expected!

  Annette had put her mistress to bed,
and was awaiting instructions. I sent
her to telephone to Banks, asking him to
come up at once. Then I went to the
side of the bed and looked down at Mary
Hermon.
ANONYMOUS

85

“Why did you do it?” I asked quietly.
She did not speak, but the color ebbed
swiftly from her cheeks, and her eyes
seemed to grow larger and blacker in her
small, white face.

  “You were with him,” I accused her.
"You knew brandy was so much poison
to him—and you persuaded him to drink
with you. Why did you do it?”

  For a full minute she did not answer.
Then:

  "You were there last night,” she said.
“You heard, you—saw! He was going
to her—to-night. You know it. I
couldn't keep him—to myself—any—
other—way.”

  “Do you realize,” 1 asked her, “what
you have done?”

, She nodded.

,/T’ve killed him—yes, I realize it. I
did it on purpose. I wanted to. He was
mine, wasn’t he?”

  “His life was not yours to take,” I
said sternly. “You committed murder!”
“Does it matter what you call it?” she
asked wearily. “I shouldn't have done
it, only—I had to. I told him I’d fol-
lowed him last night, and heard what
he was going to do. I begged him not to
go. He laughed at me. He said he’d
go if he had to crawl on his hands and
knees. He meant it. Then I told him
I hadn’t understood that he cared so
much; that if he really loved her I
wouldn’t stand in his way. Oh, no!”
She laughed, a quiet, mirthless laugh
that sent a chill over me.

  “I told him to go—that I wished him
good luck and happiness.” Again that
laugh. “Then I suggested that we have
a last drink together, because I was go-
ing away in the morning, and wouldn't
trouble him any more. He was so glad
that I was going to be so easily disposed
of he forgot all about what Doctor
Banks had told him. Funny, wasn’t it?
I filled his glass, and he patted me on the
shoulder and said I was a good little
scout, and he was sorry he’d treated me
badly. And then—we drank.”

  In spite of myself, I shuddered.

  “Jim never could stop at one drink,”
she went on, in her slow, drawling voice.
“He had seveial. And then—he just put
his head back—and died. He died. My
Jim died. And I came in here and sent
for you. Will you call that woman up,
please, and tell her that Jim isn’t com-
ing, because he’s dead? I’d like her to
know that she’ll never get him now.
He’s still mine. And I took that green
flower-thing she gave him out of his
pocket and trampled on it. I didn’t want
anything of hers to touch him. Tell her
that too, please.”

  Of a sudden, her voice changed; the
light went out from her eyes. They
looked like two burned-out coals in the
gray of her convulsed face.

  “I loved him,” she said, in a dreadful,
dry whisper. “I loved him—and I killed
him. He’s dead. He’ll never hold me
in his arms any more—never kiss me.
Jim’s dead. But he was mine—all mine.
She never had him. He didn’t want me
—he wanted her. But—I kept him. He
was never hers—do you understand?—
never — never — never!” Her voice
mounted in shrill crescendo as she
raised herself on her elbows.

  “She tried to take him away from me.
She’s a devil, a smooth, slimy devil, like
that horrible plant he gave her—a de\ il
with green eyes that stare and stare. . . .
But he's dead, and he'll never hold her
in his arms as he held me—he’ll never
be to her what he was to me. Oh, Jim
. . . Jim . . . Jim. . . Her tense
muscles suddenly relaxed, and she sank
weakly back among the pillows.

  “I never thought you'd know,” she
whispered faintly. “I never thought any
one would know. But—I had to do it.
I—loved him.” Her eyes closed, and
she lay there, white and still.

  No, Mary Hermon did not die. al-
though for weeks she hovered between
life and death, and her sanity hung in
the balance. I see her sometimes, a frail
little slip of a woman, with big, dark
86

LONGING

eyes and a mass of blue-black hair, fram-
ing a pale, plain face. She seldom smiles
and never laughs.

  Doctor Banks confirmed my diagnosis
that Hermon had died from the effects
of alcoholic poisoning, and the autopsy,
which the family thought advisable, vin-
dicated our combined opinions. Banks

was so sure of himself that he even ven-
tured the statement that Hermon was in
the habit of drinking alone—a statement
borne out by the fact that only one glass
was found beside the body. You see, I
had removed the other. Mary Hermon
was not going to suffer any more if I
could prevent it.

 LONGING

By David Cory

 rJpHE road that leads to Yesterday
 I would not tread again—

 The roses all they had their thorns,

 And ecstasy its pain.

 I would not cross the well-worn bridge
 That spanned the silver stream,

 Nor watch the pallid crescent moon
 Within its waters gleam.

 I would not hear the vesper bells
 Proclaim the hour for prayer,

 Nor smell the lilac's fragrant breath
 Upon the evening air.

 I	could not wait to hear the gate
 Click down the dusky lane—

 But I would die to feel your lips
 Upon my mouth again.
THE RISK

   By Cosmo Hamilton

I

“T TAVE you seen the passenger-
*, ’ list? Is there anybody we
know on board?”

  Tracy’s young brother turned round
from a close examination of the ward-
robe in their stateroom on the boat-deck.

  "I vote we don’t look at the passenger-
list,” he said. “It relieves the monotony
of liner-life to run unexpectedly against
people. Don’t you think so, old boy?”
“Righto !” agreed Rowan. He un-
packed his razors and arranged them
with a touch of neatness on the shelf un-
der the looking-glass.

  “There’s one angel on board, anyway,”
said Harry. “She came on only just in
time. Blue eyes, golden hair, and oh,
my dear chap, such a kissable mouth!
She was with her father—at least, I
suppose he was her father; and how a
coarsc-grained, apoplectic brute like that
could be responsible for such an abso-
lute darling is the eighth wonder of the
world.”

  The elder Tracy gave one of his quiet
chuckles. “Well,” he said, “you’re not
going to have a dull passage at any rate
—what?”

  Harry showed a line of strong white
teeth. “So long as you don’t butt in, I
may stand half a chance. I really am
awfully keen about this girl. She’s ex-
actly my idea of how a girl should look.”
“inflammable little devil!” said Tracy.
“Why not? I can be young only
once. Look here, old man: just promise
me to talk politics with her father, and
confine yourself to nothing more per-
sonal than a cheery good-morning to her.
Will you?”

  Rowan Tracy knocked the ash out of
his pipe and stretched out his long legs.

  “My dear chap, don’t you know that
these extraneous young women have no
earthly interest for me? One of these
days I may, with luck, introduce you
suddenly to the one girl of all this earth
who is going to be my wife, and then
you’ll be able to talk about angels with
a bit more knowledge than you do at
present. There’s the bugle. Let's feed.”

  The brothers, so utterly dissimilar in
appearance, so closely and delightfully
united in sympathy, went arm in arm
down the companionway, past the or-
chestra, which had begun to play a dull
selection of old English airs, and found
themselves rubbing shoulders with the
usual hungry, heterogeneous crowd at
the chief steward’s table. The London
officials of the steamship company had
notified the Lurania that Mr. Rowan
Tracy, M. P., was to receive special at-
tention and a seat at the captain's table.
The steward had made it so. The two
brothers were conducted through a maze
of tables to the place of honor. They
were alone there.

  “The little old captain,” said Harry,
consulting the elaborate menu with the
eye of a specialist, “won’t be down to-
day. Tricky job getting away from the
coast.”

  Rowan smiled indulgently at his
brother’s elderly seafaring nonchalance
and rose suddenly to his feet. He twist-
ed round die chair next his own, and, to
Harry’s combined amusement and cha-
grin, bowed with more than a touch of
politeness to a girl who had been shown
to the table by a steward.
88

THE RISK

  It was the angel.

  Her eyes w-ere bluer and her hair more
golden than Harry had been able to con-
vey in his boyish colloquial outburst.
From a quick glance, the elder brother
saw behind the exquisite youth and the
quiet shy dignity'of this quite unusual
girl something that made him feel queer-
ly and unexplainably interested. It
struck him that round the delicate cor-
ners of her mouth there was an expres-
sion of rather pathetic dependence,
something which showed that, young as
she was, she had already tasted some of
the sadness of life. Among the smartly
dressed women in the saloon, her slight,
exquisite figure in its simple black frock
stood out like a little sigh among loud
laughter.

  For the first time in his busy life
Rowan Tracy felt self-conscious, awk-
ward. He passed her the menu silently,
and when she said “Thank you” her
voice thrilled him. He caught his
brother’s reproachful eyes and met them
steadily. He seemed to say: “You and
your little promise be damned, my
friend! By the grace of God, I have
met my woman, and I know it. Laugh
if you like. You are young, and it is the
privilege of the young to forget easily.
If ever this girl goes out of my life
again, it will not be because I have
lacked the courage to claim her!”

II

  Young Mrs. Kavanagh was one of
those merry little souls with poisonous
tongues, who invariably on board ship
collcct round them most of the young
men under twenty-two and several over
sixty. Like her numerous sisters of the
same breed, she was helpless and re-
quired wrapping up and unwrapping,
and some one always had to bring her
broth at eleven-o’clock and tea or choco-
late at four. Also, like her sisters, her
ankles were neat, and out of the kind-
ness of her heart she shared the fact
with others. On the fifth day out she

was lying in her deck-chair on the
sunny side of the deck, and to give her
atmosphere and the impression of what
she euphoniously called “cul-ture”—she
had been one of the belles of Chicago—
she was carrying a little library com-
posed of Hewlett, Shaw, Ibsen, and
Nietzsche, not one of which could she
read to save her life.

  Rowan Tracy walked by. His hand
was holding the arm of Leila Brandon—
the angel. If any of his fellow-mem-
bers of the House of Parliament had
seen him at that moment, they would
have been obliged to stare into his fa^e
to recognize their rather stern friend.
He looked ten years younger and like a
man who had found the Eldorado of his
dreams.

  The man in the striped white flannel
trousers, who characteristically forgot
to hold his stomach in his chest, looked
after them with what is called, and hid-
eously called, the knowing smile.

  "Quick work,” he said. "I wonder
what effect an American wife will have
upon English politics?”

  The pear-shaped man, whose chin
broke like waves into his collar, guf-
fawed.

  "If a man married every girl whose
arm he held on board ship.” he said,
"most of us would have harems. I’ve
crossed fifty-nine times. Ha! ha!”

  Then Mrs. Kavanagh with the sweet-
est of smiles: "Marry? Do English
members of Parliament marry those
things ?”

  "Those things?” The boy who was
sitting at her feet looked up. The
words had brought a flush to his face.
"I’ve asked Miss Brandon to meet my
sister. I think she’s a ripping girl,” he
said deliberately.

 The little woman from Chicago
shrugged her shoulders.

  “The longer I live,” she said, "the
more painfully obvious it becomes that
if a woman wishes to be interesting to
men, she must not be good. This Miss
COSMO HAMILTON

89

Brandon of yours, boy dear, is not only
looked upon as a Madonna by most of
you men, but she has absolutely captured
our Mr. Tracy, the 'star turn.’ Do any
of you happen to know—please bear in
mind that I’m no scandalmonger—that
the fair Leila Brandon is at this moment
keeping house for a neighbor of mine/
the notoriously unfastidious Mr. Max-
well McDonough?”

  "Oh, no!” cried the boy.

  ‘‘Oh, yes.” said the little woman, rev-
eling in the effects of her bomb; “and
if you don’t believe me go and look in
the stateroom next to hers. Everybody
in Chicago has been talking about their
liaison for months. They say that Mc-
Donough, who is a patron of the drama,
found her in a stock company and made
h«?r, for the moment, the leading lady
of his heart and home.”

  Disentangling herself from the close
folds of her steamer-rug so expertly as
to display an expensively embroidered
pair of stockings, Mrs. Kavanagh looked
round at the faces of her audience and
gave a hard little laugh.

  "Of course. I’ve scandalized you good
people.” she said, “and doubtless you are
calling me a cat, but I consider it to be
the duty of a good woman to warn her
friends against the vultures of society.”

  Some one who had apparently been
sleeping in a deck-chair within range of
the woman’s staccato voice rose abruptly
and cast at her a look so full of disgust
and nausea that a rush of blood dulled
for a moment the rouge upon her cheeks.
As he strode off with square, uncom-
promising shoulders, the boy who still
sat, though uncomfortably, at Mrs. Kav-
anagh’s fe«t, recognized Harry Tracy
and gave a little whistle through his
lips.

  Rowan Tracy still held her arm.
They were leaning on the rail above
the steerage-deck. Beneath them
sprawled the ungainly, untidy flotsam
and jetsam of European civilization who

expected to find the streets of America
paved with gold.

  Tracy s usually sympathetic eyes were
concentrated upon the wistful flower-
face of the girl who unconsciously
nestled against his shoulder. The poor
devils beneath him, whose disillusionment
hourly was growing nearer, might have
been miles away.

  "Where are you going?” she asked.

  "Canada,” he said. “Will you come?”

  A startled, disappointed look came
into the girl's eyes.

  "What do you mean?” she said. Was
he too, then, like all the others?

  “I’ve been looking for you always,
looking and looking. And all the while
I’ve been saving up for you, saving
everything for you—soul and body and
heart. Do you think you could find
enough in me to give me all I need in re-
turn? By all, I mean your soul and body
and heart. Will you marry me, and
walk through the rest of my life so close-
ly by my side that we shall be able to
hear each other’s heart beat ?”

  A sort of trembling seized the girl.
She stood inarticulate, but her eyes were
filled with a rush of things—thankful-
ness, gratitude, joy, and, oddly enough,
surprise.

  And then he said: “Can’t you find
anything to say?”

  She put up her face. It was the ac-
tion of a child. She seemed to be alone
with this man in a world which up to
that moment had been peopled with
enemies and ugly with sin.

  With a sort of inward cry, he took
her lips and so opened the floodgates of
her heart.

  “Thank God for you!” she said.
“Thank God! I'd given you up ages
ago. And when I came on board this
ship I prayed that I might have the
strength to choose a dark night and a
quiet hour and slip down into a deep,
peaceful grave. Life has been almost
too much for me. I was at the end of
my tether. Your great, strong arm held
90

THE RISK

me back. I have belonged to you, soul
and body and heart, not for live days—
these blessed five days—but always, so
that I seem to have forgotten everything
that has gone before.”

  “Darling, darling,” he said, “forget
everything except 'that I love you. \V hen
can you marry me?1'

  She clutched his arm desperately.
“Soon, oh, soon!” she cried. “If you
love me well enough never to remember
—never to think of me except as you
have known me—marry me at once.
Take me from this ship, and never let me
out of your sight again. I love you! I
love you! You shall never regret it. I
swear that. I will serve you and walk at
your side. You shall shape me—make
me anything you like. Tell me you’re
not afraid of the risk!”

  The girl spoke as though she were
pleading for her life.

  Tracy took hei in his arms and kissed
her mouth. What did he care who saw?
He had found his mate.

  “Risk? There is no risk? I love you.
You as I know you. You as you are.”
Tracy turned as he felt a sharp, warn-
ing hand upon his arm, and met the eyes
of his brother. In them was a look that
he had never seen before.

  “What are you doing!” Harry’s
voice was harsh.

  “Beginning to live,” said Tracy tri-
umphantly. "Leila is going to marry
me.”

Ill

  Leila held out her hand to Harry.
She liked this boy. His frank, clean ad-
miration was very refreshing, very good.
It was also very different from the sort
of admiration to which she had been
subjected. To her astonishment and
consternation, her hand was ignored.
What poison had this boy been injected
with, or, worse still, had he heard the
truth, in her case the deadliest of all
poisons? Happiness is like the statue
of Isis, whose veil no mortal ever raised.

  “Can I speak to you alone, Rowan?”
said Harry. “It’s very urgent”

  “Of course, my dear fellow. What’s
your trouble?"

  He took Leila, put her into her deck-
chair, made her comfortable, kissed her
lips, whispered an excuse, and ran his
arm through his brother’s.

  “Your cabin,” said tne boy grimly.
Neither of them was aware that they
were followed by Leila Brandon, who,
with a fatalistic dread of impending evil,
stood outside the window of the state-
room, listening.

  Rowan loaded his pipe, and as he did
so he hummed the finale of the last act
of “Faust.”

  Harry had never been known to beat
about the bush. Now, facing his brother,
he came to the point at once.

  “I wish to God, Ro, something had hap-
pened to prevent your sailing 1” he be-
gan abruptly, and paused at the stare
with which his exclamation was re-
ceived.

 “Do you? I don’t. What do you
mean ?” Rowan put the question quick-
ly. Already a nameless dread was form-
ing in his mind.

  “What 1 say. I’m awfully sorry, old
man. You and I are pals as well as
brothers. I’d rather break my arm tlian
hurt you. But it’s got to be done, and
it’s up to me to do it.”

  The unusual emotion in the boy’s
voice made Rowan look sharply at him.

  “Hurt me?” he said. “How? I don’t
know anything that could hurt me now.”
“Well, old man, it’s about the girl—
Miss Brandon. I heard things, and re-
fused to believe them. When I saw that
you were really hard hit, I watched and
listened. To-day I went a step further.
I made inquiries. You must chuck her
at once, without any bones at all.”

  “I’ll see you damned first! And,
further than that, I’ll trouble you to
leave Miss Brandon’s name out of this
discussion.”

  Harry stiffened. He had never been
COSMO HAMILTON

91

spoken to in this way by his brother.
But for the great love that existed be-
tween them and his desire to prevent
Rowan’s life from being, as he thought,
utterly ruined, he would have let things
slide. As it was, he persisted with all
the pluck for which he was famous at
his college.

  "The worst of it is,” he said, "Miss
Brandon’s name isn’t the only one that
must come into this discussion. It’s
bracketed with that of a low brute called
Maxwell McDonough, a notorious wom-
an-hunter—the blatant cad whom I have
heard bragging in the smoking-room
about his successes. In fact, the man
we thought at first was Leila Brandon’s
father, and who has kept to his cabin
half drunk all the trip, is the man who
is keeping her.”

  Rowan got up slowly. His fist was
clenched, and his lips were set.

  "No,” cried Harry; "before you hit
me you’ve got to listen. I’m not telling
you the gossip of the ship. I’m talking
facts. I’ve had the whole story verified
by the purser. If you don’t believe me,
go and find out for yourself. Good God,
man, think of you, you with all you mean
to the country and all you have to do
for the country, taking back a wife who
has been the plaything of any man who
could pay enough! It’s unthinkable.”

  Rowan’s arm was held back by a slim
white hand, and Leila Brandon stood
between the two brothers.

  "Don’t strike him,” she said quietly.
"What he says is true.”

  "I don’t believe it. I’ll never believe
it.” Tracy’s voice shook.

  “You must believe it. Y'ou said you
loved me, and you asked me to be your
wife. I love you. I have never loved
any one else. Never, I swear it! I was
afraid to run the risk of losing you by
telling you what every one else seems
to know. Now you shall have the truth,
and then do anything you like with me.
Make me your mistress or throw me
aside.”

  The two brothers watched the pale
girl as she stood up before them to be
judged. There was a terrible simplicity,
ghastly dignity, in every line of her
slight young figure. She stood with her
hands clasped, like a little girl who had
to confess some misdemeanor to her
guardians. The elder brother’s face was
drawn and white, and there was nothing
of triumph on the face of the younger
one. The regular pulse of the ship went
on steadily, and the sun flooded the little
stateroom and made it seem sarcastic-
ally cheerful. The steady pendulum
swing of the clean towels on the rack
emphasized the rigid self-control of the
three people whose nerves were at break-
ing-point.

  "When I was sixteen my father died.”
The girl’s voice came in a sort of reci-
tative. "His love was the only thing
that made my childhood happy. For
years after he died my home was un-
bearable, and I longed to get away. My
mother was a cold, unresponsive woman,
and all the love she had was given to
my sister, w'ho loathed the sight of me
because I was pretty and she wrasn't.
I was superfluous, unneeded. I was a
constant source of irritation to them
both. Nothing that I did was right.
Every little action was criticised.

  "I was watched and suspected because
I was young and full of the joy of life.
There wasn’t much joy in life in our
little, hide-bound town. 1 was horribly
dissatisfied and lonely. The four walls
of what wasn’t a home to me became
every day more and more like the bars of
a cage. The only time I was happy was
when I was reading stories of love and
excitement by the light of one flickering
candle at night in my bedroom, and even
this, harmless as it now seems, was stop-
ped by Hetty, who said I was steeping
my mind in false and harmful things. I
can’t begin to tell you how this sister
hurt me and warped my nature, and
drove me to make plans for an escape.
Anything, even work in a store, seemed
92

THE RISK

better, more full of promise, than the
same deadly monotonous round of small
duties and hideous quarrels that seemed
to chip little pieces off ny soul. . . .
One dull, wet morning I put my few
small treasures in a cheap suit-casc and
sneaked away like a whipped dog. With
a draggled feather in my hat, and tne
mud of the town I hoped I should never
sec again on my skirt, I bought a ticket
for Boston. Tucked away in my purse
I had a small advertisement of a well-
known clothing-house requiring young
girls as cloak-models. I checked my
suit-case at the big, strange station and
asked my way eagerly to the store which
was to make me independent of my sis-
ter’s tyranny. I w?ited timidly among
almost a hundred other girls until my
turn came for examination. Examina-
tion!—think of it. by a little, dirty man
with trespassing fingers. Uh ! I turned
out to be a ‘perfect thirty-six/ but that
was not enough to get me the job. There
was something e!se required, but even
the thought of going back to Laneville
was not enough to drive me to that. I
hurried out of the store into the air. I
suppose I was crying—disillusionment
had come so soon. I was just going
back to the station when one of my
would-be fellow-models touched me on
the arm. She was not a ‘perfect thirty-
six,’ and as a last resource was going to
apply to the manager of a No. 2 Musical
Comedy Company tor chorus work. . . .
We toured three-night stands and
‘smalls’ until the company was stranded
near Chicago. With the few dollars we
had saved, we went to that bleak city,
am* there we remained hungry and idle
until a fairv-prince—that’s what my little
friend Dai^y called him—put us both
irno a stock company which he had or-
ganized. He did not want gratitude.
He wanted me. I refused to give him
what he wanted even after I was told

that my services were no longer re-
quired. But hunger and loneliness have
been responsible for many of the poor
women who come out after dark with
the bats. . . . He has been very kind to
me in his own coarse way, but he took
good care that I should never escape.
He heaped flashy things upon me, hut
he never gave me money. In the few
hours that he left me alone, how often
I wished that I might have been con-
tented with dull monotony and daily
duty and an honest bed! I dared 'Jnb*t
look forward. I was even afra?<f‘bf ^
looking beyond my waking hours.' Hut
do you suppose, either of you. that in
the prayers I cried out at night I didn't
beg that some day soon—and it worifd
have to be soon—I might meet a' tViSui
who would understand, and forgive be-
cause he understood, and would lift me
up again out of this gutter? . . . Vo t
came, and I thought that you were the-
man. Was I wrong? Have I expected
the impossible? Tell me, is the risk too
great ?”

  Her voice broke, but she maintained a
curious dignity that is only acquired by
those who have served a hard apprenii
ship to life.

  Without any hesitation, Rowan Tr,->cy
took her in his arms.

  “I have been working theoretically for
many years,” he said. “Give me the
chance of doing something practical.
Make a man of me. Let me wipe out
the memory of all these hideous things.
You and I began our lives on the
Lvrania. Nothing but death shall sep-
arate us now. I love you."

  With a look of awe and complete sym-
pathy, Harry slipped quietly out. As
lie closed the door softly behind him. a
little, glad cry rang through the cabin,
went up like a dove to Heaven, and set-
tled on the soft shoulder of the Ma-
donna, Mother of Women.
FIRE OF THE SNOW

By Evelyn Campbell

IN the North, where the long winter
holds the sun in leash until the
pulse of spring thrills through its
reluctant veins, and the belated summer
breaks forth to burn and die in the grasp
of the pursuing frost, passion comes
swiftly to life in the hearts of men and
maids, and, full bom, demands its fru-
ition. The stars are very close to the
everlasting snow up there.

  Such a love brought Big Jean and
beautiful Blanche-Marie, trembling with
the newness of their emotions, before
the parish priest, almost before Romance
had time to lift its shy head.

  There were those who looked dubi-
ously at the bridegroom and thought of
the hearts that had lain at the bride’s
feet, to be played with for a little while
and forgotten. Then, looking once
more and seeing the great, graceful
length of the man, his face which had
the clear-cut lines of the Indian, with
the soft, dark eyes of the Provencal, and
knowing that among the men of the vil-
lage he had always been a leader, they
doubted no longer. Here was one, in-
deed, to hold the fancy of a flighty maid.

  Yet before the wedding-ring had
grown cold upon her finger, there was
Blanche-Marie upon the doorsteps of her
friend Melanie, with sighs and com-
plaints upon her lips. Life, it seemed,
had grown dull already in the cabin
where Big Jean’s mother had been
happy, asking nothing but a full trap
and a hot fire for her man at the end of
the day, and enough clear spring water
and white sand to keep shining her cop-
per vessels brought from France. And
to such a fate was to be condemned

Blanche-Marie, who since she could
walk had chased the butterflies of life.
Melanie, who had been one of the most
dubious of the wedding guests, gave
comfort with admonition.

  "But it is that you are wedded now,
ma cherie,” she said. “To stand about
the fountain or to dally at the trader’s
would be unseemly in Madame Laroux,
although I admit it was but amusing in
Blanche-Marie. There are the coppers
and the bead-work.”

  “It is the coppers that I hate!” flashed
Blanche-Marie. “And the bead-work!
I have no Indian blood.”

  These were words leveled directly at
Jean Laroux, though he was never to
hear them. Blanche-Marie was a bit of
Parisian pavement, transplanted, Heaven
knows how or why, to this eagle’s nest
amidst the snows. Her beauty was of
the kind before which men are as help-
less as leaves before the wind. She
charmed without effort because she was
created for charm, and hearts that
thrilled once never ceased to quicken for
her.

  “And he say before marriage/’ she
went on sullenly, “that I upon the ped-
estal should sit, while he worshiped—
so J”

  “And is that fitting,” questioned Me-
lanie, scandalized, “that you should be
so reverenced? IJclas, what would you?
A man courts that he may marry. He
weds that he may have one to cook his
dinner.”

“And he upbraid me,” finished Blanche-
Marie with the sullenness of a spoiled
child, “if even one little bean, he bum.”
The new-born summer was glowing

93
FIRE OF THE SNOW

like the heart of a rose when Red Angus
Mackenzie came over the long trail with
his wiry little horses and rough cart, to
buy supplies at the trader’s. He had
stood about for two or three days in his
silent way. taking no part in the village
life, when BlancBe-Marie saw him urst.
The other men whom she had known all
her life were for passing cm with quick
salutations when they encountered her.
They were of no mind for the batten*
of her dark eyes when Big Jean was
there for a background, so in the stranger
she saw the possibility of a fleeting
amusement; for she was sadly distrait,
even before three months of wedded life.

   She sighed prodigiously, drawing her
water at the common well, when he stood
within earshot, and was rewarded when
he took the rope from her hand and
with a twist of the wrist filled her jug
to overflowing. She looked from under
her silky lashes, a look that had never
fa:lei its mark, but the stranger's eyes
met her ow n, cDid and unmove l

         murmured Blanche-Marie, as-
tonished. “Is it that the man is the
devii5 Such eyes! Such a redness !’’

  For Angus Mackenzie was of a dif-
ferent race and a different blood. He
was a red Scot. His cheeks were criss-
crossed with tiny veins painted there by
the icy fingers of the frosi, and his beard
hung across his breast like a flame. To
Blanche-Marie, wearied of her dark-
skinned countryman and the colorless
snows, l>e was like a sun-god

  It was in keeping with his taciturn
nature that he made no inquiries nor
tried to seek her out. He was of those
men for whom woman is a closed book,
to be opened by one hand alone. Still,
unknown to her, his eyes followed her
uht ! her scarlet skin and sr.i.-.:-.g black
heai disappeared in her ov> n doorway.

   At their next meeting Elanche-Marie,
piqued, gave him a tantalizing smile to
match the invitation in her eyes, and this
time he responded by walking a little
way at her side. In her naive delight

  at once more having a cavalier, she
brought forth all her pretty ways.

  It is not to be supposed that such a
slackening of the reins of convention-
ality could be overlooked jn a settlement
where rigid virtue is the watchword of
every door. Blanche-Marie at once felt
the chill winds of disapproval blow
across her path, but what cared she so
long as Jean took his hsh-lines and went
his way every morning, to return at m^ht
far too sleep-drugged to listen to heed-
less gossip. A girl was not a vegetable!

  But at last there came a night when
the soup was as water, the fish burred
in the pan, and the beans of the sals of
brine. Big Jean, who v as weary, cursed.
Because Blanche-Marie was a small
thing ami cowered be fore J im, be <Ud
not strike her. but for the first ?:me. he
went away and left her in the ca; u widi
the lonely night.

  And Red Angus traveled north at
moon rise. Site knew, because they had
spoken together that day. Swiftly s‘ e
threw the red shawl about: her bum. g
face, and. looking with fun.- at the lit-
tered table and the smoking lamp, went
forth to find him.

  He was at the stable where his little
horses were shdtered, fastening the -ast
buckles on the harness and tying the
last rope. All at once she knew tltat she
loved him, and be was going. Sl*c was
weeping in his arms, iier tear-wet fa.e
raised to his. And his arm9 were like
cold steel that would never unlock and
his breast like an iron shield, strong to
defend. With the first kiss he claimed
her.

  “You are mine!’* he said savagely.

4	1: ine! You go north with me to-
night r*

  "Yes, yes!” cried Blanche-Marie hur-
riedly. “I could never leave you now
I pray the good God ihtrre are no copper
kettles there in the North.”

  Not understanding, bat with quick
hands, he made place for her in the cart
among the ioxes and bags, and, fearing
EVELYN CAMPBELL

95

no man, drove boldly forth from the vil-
lage.

  Their departure was not unnoticed.
Some one ran to the inn, where Big
Jean, drinking smoky Scotch with old
cronies, received the news with oaths
that came from the unfed depths of his
great frame.

  "But he has—what you say?—picked
a lemon,” he said. “For me, I will
choose again and this time, by gar! a
woman who can make pot-au-feu.”

  So that there was no pursuit, and sun-
up found Red Angus and his pack-
train well on their way.

  When he looked at Blanche-Marie he
found her asleep. With her smooth,
flushed cheek against a rough sack and
her hands curled like little leaves, she
looked like a fair child. It was hard to
believe that she was a woman who had
made her second choice. A terrible ten-
derness rose in his heart, a swelling that
threatened to burst his iron breast. She
was so little, so weak.

  The love between them was a wonder-
ful thing, as were the days that wound
through forests and wide ways and the
nights under the stars. Blanche-Marie
never asked where they were going—
there was too much love: in the day too
much sunshine and gay laughter, and at
night too much weariness.

  But at last the journey came to an end.
The cabin awaited them, a shack built
by a lonely man for his own occupancy,
crouched between two great firs, the
tallest for many miles around. Blanche-
Marie said nothing; she remembered the
embroidery frame and the coppers, and
looked anxiously around as she entered.

  But in Angus Mackenzie's cabin there
was no sign of another woman’s afflu-
ence or industry. Everything was of the
plainest and most primitive—a man’s
world. Blanche-Marie sighed with re-
lief, even as her lover, who had allowed
her to touch her hand to no task, made
her comfortable with the best the place
afforded.

  She had learned that he was a pros-
pector. There was a claim in the val-
ley that promised riches. He sat at her
feet in the moonlight and opened his
heart to her in the way of silent men.
By and by they would go down to the
States—there was much to be had there
—and after that, Europe, London, Paris.
Blanche-Marie clapped her hands at that,
but when he spoke, in a different tone,
of the Scotch Highlands, she looked
blank and shivered.

  "I know nothing of it,” she said plain-
tively. “Why should we leave Paris if
we are happy there?”

  When they had lived in the cabin be-
tween the two firs for ten fairy days,
he told her one morning that he must
go on a long journey to the next nearest
trading - post — Blanche-Marie’s village
being the nearest. There was clothing
to buy for her, and comforts for the
cabin, which his eyes, grown tender in
her service, could see were lacking. It
was too far and too rough a way for her
to travel; even the cart must be left be-
hind.

  She consented without demur. The
time had been when she would have
shrieked with terror at thought of the
loneliness, and of the dogs, half wolf,
that lay about the door. Now she even
caressed an ear of Picard, the leader,
who stood near. The love that wrapped
her about was shield enough for any
danger, and the adoration in her lover’s
eyes dwarfed the light of any other
glance. But still she wept when he start-
ed, and hung about his neck.

  “Is it that you would leave me here
to die?” she sobbed. “Well, then, go!
It will not be long.”

  Red Angus, who knew nothing of
women’s vagaries, and who was near to
weeping himself, comforted her.

  “I go only to buy you pretty things,”
he laughed. “My sweetheart cannot do
with one gown. She shall have the best
that can be found, and a chain for her
neck, too.”
96

FIRE OF THE SNOW

  He was away for weeks. One of the
horses went lame, and there were vari-
ous other mishaps, but when he returned
there were bundles piled high upon each
pony’s back, and the bag of gold-dust
lie had carried with him lay in the trad-
er’s strong-box.

  Blanche-Marie sat in the doorway.
Her unbound hair lay in blue-black
masses over her shoulders. Some of it
even trailed upon the doorstep where
she sat. She took no notice of his com-
ing, because her face was buried in her
hands and she was weeping, not tem-
pestuously, as was her way, but with
long, hard sobs that shook her frail body.

  Red Angus swept her into his arms.

  “I am here, sweetheart!” he cried, his
own voice trembling.

  But she, drawing back, betrayed a face
so changed, so pale and sad, that his
emotion was altered to amazement. It
was as though the golden light of a win-
dow had suddenly been extinguished by
a black north wind.

  “What is it?” he cried fearfully. “Tell
me, girl: has harm come to you ?”

  She echoed his words drearily. “Harm?
Yes, the worst,” Then, seeing how
stunned he was, she went on: “Not to
me alone. To all of us.”

  “You must tell me,” he said, speaking
in a tone strange to her.

  And Blanche-Marie whispered fear-
fully: “There is to be a child.”

  Still he did not comprehend. “A
child! That is no great matter—no
cause for weeping, at least.”

  "His child,” she whispered again.

  His face changed at that. She did
not see. because her own was hidden,
and she was weeping again, this time
against the doorpost. There was a
silence.

  “What of it?” cried Red Angus at
last. “It is your child, and it shall be
mine.”

  But the days passed into weeks, and
the weeks into months, and still Blanche-
Marie wept.

  The long winter closed in upon them.
There were days that were nights with
the falling snow, and the two sat be-
fore their fire watching the wonderful
thing die that had been between them.
For Blanche-Marie had grown to shud-
der at his touch and to turn her face
away.

  He loved her even more. There was
no more talk of Paris or gay doings
there. Not much talk of anything. She
would sit braiding her long hair or twist-
ing it into rings, staring into the fire
with eyes that had grown large and
piteous. He cared for her as though
she had been a child. He did not mind
her petulancies or her tears, save that
they saddened him. There was no
longer a vestige of the playfulness of
love between them; at the first repulse
he had withdrawn his heart that had lain
in her hands.

  When the time arrived that he must
go again to the trader’s for supplies, he
iiad the first hint of the cause of the
change in her. He asked what present
he could bring that would please her,
since most of the pretty gowns he had
bought on the last trip yet lay in their
wrappings. And Blanche-Marie an-
swered timidly, tremulously:

  “I—I should like a copper kettle.”

  But it was in the illimitable dreariness
of the late winter, when the two were
housed together during endless days,
that she could bear the burden of her
secret thoughts no longer: or perhaps
it was that she had grown weaker.

  “It is the tic bet wen us, him and me."
she explained piteously. “It cannot
break. The babe, he calls for his father.”

  So Red Angus knew at last. He pon-
dered the question long and deeply when
Blanche-Marie lay asleep, or seeming 10
sleep, in the bunk, with her face turned
to the wall. There was reserve between
them no longer. Her grief broke down
all barriers. Day and night the plaint
from her lips was the same: “I want
my husband! I want him!”
EVELYN CAMPBELL

97

  One morning very early he wakened
her from her fitful rest, fie was lean-
ing over her. dressed for the open. Out
of doors there was the whining of the
dogs and the patter of paws.

  "Listen, Blanche-Marie," he said
sternly, because his heart was like lead
in his breast. She looked at him in sud-
den fear; his face was black in the smoky
light.

  ‘‘Listen,” he said again. “I am going
away. It will be days before I return.
If it was later, I could not leave you,
but I will stop at the Indian village and
send a woman to you. Do you under-
stand? You are safe; there is plenty
of wood and food. You can care for
yourself for a little while.”

  She asked no questions, but lay inert
upon her bed. He bent over her again.

  “Will you kiss me, Blanche-Marie?”

  But she threw her arm across her face
with a cry, and when she looked again
he was gone. She could hear his voice
calling to the dogs as they started with
a burst of speed upon the long trail.

  The sky lay like a snow-smothered
blanket against the gray, frozen earth.
The dogs, strong from rest and much
fat caribou, bounded blithely forward,
making good headway even over the
unbroken trail. Red Angus ran with the
team, partly to keep his blood from
freezing, and partly to numb the pain
that surged in his breast. There would
be more snow. It was in the air. When
he made camp that night, it was in a
blinding, white world.

  But to him the white smother pre-
sented no difficulty that he could not
overcome. There was that within him
which defied the storm and danger. Urg-
ing the struggling team on, he never
waited for the blizzard to cease, or even
abate, but, hardly giving the tired beasts
time for food and the necessary rest, he
pressed on his way. And on the seventh
day he came in sight of the village which
he had last seen on the night that he had
taken Blanche-Marie from her home.

  Had the spirit of some well-laid dead
risen to defy them, the loungers in the
trader’s store could not have been more
astounded than at the apparition of Red
Angus' black and swollen face among
them. With one accord, they drew apart
and left him to face Big Jean, who leaned
against a counter, his face swollen also,
though not with the frost. Among the
people of the village there had been a
murmuring when Jean Laroux had al-
lowed another to steal his wife away and
had raised no hand to reclaim her or to
avenge himself. There is always the
grudging respect for bravery in men’s
hearts, and Angus Mackenzie, by com-
ing alone among them, claimed what the
other had forfeited.

  But there are other ways than in loud
talk and acts of vengeance that a man
may seek reparation. Big Jean, whom
no one understood, faced the man who
had despoiled him, and they who saw
his face shivered and drew back—all but
Red Angus.

  “I have come for you,” he said, look-
ing the other straight in the face. "We
start at once.”

  Big Jean laughed, a terrible thing to
hear.

  “You wish me to witness your happi-
ness—so?” he mocked. "Or is it that
Madame grows lonely among the
snows ?”

  “Do not call her name,” warned
Mackenzie steadily. “There is no time
to waste. I will explain”—he looked
around at the circle of faces—“but not
here.”

  He walked to the door, and Jean La-
roux involuntarily followed; but, reach-
ing there, he stopped, and the curses in
his throat strangled him.

  “She wants to come back! Blood of
my fathers! I would not take her back
if she came crawling on her knees! The
insolence 1”

  They were outside, upon the hard-
trampled snow that was as smooth as an
arena. Some of the onlookers had fol-
1>8

FIRE OF THE SNOW

lowed them; others crowded in the open
door. Red Angus stepped close to the
other man’s side.

  "She will never come back . . . hut
she wants you. A child is coming . . .
your child.”

  “God of my fathers!” Laroux stag-
gered, then cried furiously: "You
would foist this upon me? Go back—
go back to that creature who sent you!”

  "She did not send me,” said Mac-
kenzie, calmly as before, "her eyes alone
asked; her lips seldom spoke. But she
is sick, and she wants you. You must
come.”

  And then suddenly they were fighting.
A ring of rough, excited faces were
around them: the dogs too—old Picard
with a buried snarl in his throat. Big
Tean in his wolfskin parka, a huge, al-
most grotesque figure, dwarfed the
shorter man, who wore close mackinaws,
and seemed slender in comparison. But
in a moment it wras to be seen that the
men were evenly matched. It was like
a battle of the caribous. There was the
straining of great muscles, the breath-
ing from bursting lungs, and then the
blood. It splashed the faces of both,
and froze as it burst from the bruised
skin. There was a hoarse cry from Big
Jean. A glittering knife flew from his
hand and landed a dozen feet away in a
mound of snow, where it buried itself
to the hilt and remained, the handle erect
as though it might have been slicing a
huge wedding-cake.

  "Now will you come?” said Angus
Mackenzie, bending his enemy backward
until the bones in his spine cracked. It
was over. The sledge waited, and with
the half-dead body of Laroux bundled
upon it, Mackenzie mushed out of the
village, as unafraid as when he had en-
tered it. But the dogs grumbled among
themselves. They had sensed the warm
litter, and the meat, and the village dogs
who cowered away before them.

  If at the beginning of the journey the
cold had bit into the vitals of Mackenzie

and his team, on the way back it took
their bodies into its terrible hands and
searched cruelly for the hearts that kept
them quick.

  And there was the added weight of
Big Jean, who lay half stupefied, unable
to walk from the pain that remained
from the pressure of the knee in his
back. On account of this he rode until
it was seen that the dogs had much to
do to keep the sledge moving. Their
feet were bleeding, their hearts break-
ing. Then he rose and staggered behind,
while Red Angus, slow to fatigue, trotted
ever ahead to break trail for the strain-
ing dogs.

  Days and nights merged into each
other unnoticed. There was no rest but
what must be taken from exhaustion.
The team, none too well matched at the
start, began to give up, finally to die.
One by one they were left along the
trail, small sacrifices, instantly to be
buried beneath the wall of snow that
ever drifted before the undying wind.

  At length there was left only old
Picard, the savage, whose ears Blanche-
Marie had often caressed. When that
happened the two who hated each other
so fiercely were forced into speech.

  "You shall hear why I came for you,’*
said Red Angus, behind the wind-shield
where the three lay together, gnawing
frozen meat. "It is because at such a
time a woman must have her way. The
time is near. When it is over she shall
take her choice. I have heard that they
wish for things that are contrary to all
reason: therefore, if she wishes for you
after what has happened, she shall have
you until her mind is clear again.”

  "She asked for me?” mumbled Big
Jean in his throat.

  "She asked for ... a copper kettle,”
said Red Angus simply.

  After awhile there was a great sob
from the breast of Laroux. Picard,
startled, looked around with red, snow-
blinded eyes.

  The three were harnessed to the
EVELYN CAMPBELL

99

sledge, Red Angus in front. Soon they
must take tlie meager packs upon their
backs. But before this was done Big
Jean hesitated and crumpled down in the
snow. His feet were frozen.

  There was a long delay while the other
man worked over him. rubbing his limbs
with snow, beating him back to life.
When they could go on again, there was'
only one man to bear the burden. The
strength of Laroux was as water.

  “We must not die,” Red Angus would
say a hundred times a day. “Her time
is near.”

  And in the terrible days of torture
and in the nights as terrible, there was
no sound but that of Big Jean’s sobs.

  An hour came at last when they knew
for the first time in many weary hours
the difference between day and night.
So long they had struggled in the gray,
semi-darkness of the blizzard that when
the miracle came upon them they were
dazzled by its wonder. The pall of gray
was suddenly pierced by a gleam of
soft brilliancy that bathed the desolate
world in a flood of color. The northern
sun was setting. There was nothing to
be seen but its red-gold glory and the
immeasurable spaces, snow-covered.
What had been a world of despair be-
came a place of beauty. What was
almost peace came into the hearts of the
two who knew such bitterness.

  Between the snow-bowed firs the cabin
lay buried to its chimney. In the
smother who could see whether there
were smoke or not? The firs bent sadly
down.

  A path was made some way to the
door. Old Picard, who had made no
lament when he left his wife and
sons scattered along the trail for
crows to feed upon next spring, sat
upon his haunches and howled, short
wolf-howls, to the sky. . . .

  When the door lay open before them,
they saw at first nothing but the gleam
of the meager fire, and, crouching be-
fore it, the old Indian woman, who

turned an ancient face of aloof disdain
towards their entrance.

  Mackenzie, who led the way, called
through cracked lips: “I have come,
girl, and I have brought himbut there
was no answer save the sounds that had
been with them before.

  “Marie, mon enfant” cried Big Jean,
broken.

  There was a signal of life from the
bunk beyond the hearth. Blanche-
Marie lay there veiled in her long, black
hair, and the two who loved her could
look at nothing but her eyes, which were
filled with an indescribable light, the soft
brilliance of a hundred candles burned
before a sacred altar.

  She lifted a transparent arm in a glad
gesture of welcome.

  “Ah, look!” she cried in a thread-like
voice. “You must behold her, Jean, the
little one. I am so happy that you are
here to see her.”

  In some way—for his feet were help-
less things—Laroux dragged himself
nearer. From the foot of the bunk he
looked upon her with incredulous eyes,
and she, unconscious of his emotions,
moved the heavy blanket with proud,
feeble hands.

  “You do not look,” she accused, with
childish petulance, ’'and I have waited
for you so long . .

  The ancient Indian woman stirred the
fire, which sent forth but a feeble flane,
for there was little fuel. Her face was
like a seamed and withered mask, con-
cealing the wisdom of all the centuries,
and though her bent shoulders refused
with scornful negation a share of the
alien white man’s burden, it is certain
that she heard and understood all that
passed.

  Blanche-Marie raised the infant that
lay against her breast in slender, trem-
bling arms. She spoke to Jean, her hus-
band. in poignant renunciation :

  “It is for you. It is all I have to give
—my child, ours. Ah. take her! . . .
And when I give her to you, I am giv-
100

WHO?

ing my soul—the soul of her you loved.	He leaned over her, and for a moment

Ah, you do not know! For months I	the three were blended indissolubly to-

have dreamed of this moment . . .	gether; then he drew away fearfully, for

when you would come to me; when I	the light died dully in her eyes, and her
could take my heart from my breast arms slipped from their fragile hold. He

and lay it at your feet. ... I dreamed	was awestricken, but he held the child

that perhaps youjnight forgive me then!	jealously in a close, warm embrace.

We are made that way, we women. It	Angus Mackenzie stood apart by the

is that we must pay the price of love	window, from which he could see the

someway, somehow. And with me, it is	leaden sky, filmed magically over by the

my little one that 1 give back to you so	caprice of winter. It had begun to snow

gladly . . . Now I can see why the	fitfully, and the wind was rising among

good mothers watch over their own so	the majestic fir-trees. Their long, leaden

tenderly. ... I should not wish that	plumes waved mournfully. In all the

she should grow to be like me—poor	lonesome out-of-doors there was no

Blanche-Marie."	gleam of the red western glow that had

“But you, 1 will take you also,” said	lighted his way home, and within, the

Jean Laroux, choking, the child in his	fire on the hearth died, unkept, into

arms. “All shall be forgotten . .	ashes.

WHO?

By Grace Crane Smith

                    ^~^H, who will take a walk with me,

 A walk by the stormy sea?

                      The mists sweep in with the smell of salt
                      And blow across the lea;

                     The breakers boom as the loamy spray
                     Dashes toward the sky.

                     Oh, who will take a walk with me
                     And watch the storm ride high?

                       iThe green of the waves has turned to gray
                       With streaks of black ’neath the foam,

                       \ et out on that heaving sea there are
                       Hearts that are far from home.

                       And full is the tide, but fuller my heart,

                      And I yearn like the raging sea
                      rTo hold to my heaving breast a heart
                      W ho will joy in the storm with me !
A LOOK BEFORE LEAPING

          By Roger Hartman

“T TERE'S a rather good bit—figure
stuff, for a change.”

         Morgan Leonard set the can-
vas on his easel with an air of indiffer-
ence which failed to cloak the pride he
obviously felt in the painting. To affect
to take his work lightly was a favorite
pose with him, and accounted perhaps
for the number of his friends who were
willing to serve as spectators at im-
promptu exhibitions in his studio.
They never felt it necessary to manifest
the awed enthusiasm with which a ma-
jority of wealthy amateurs expect their
performances to be greeted. With
Leonard setting the example of half-
disdainful tolerance, it was more than
enough to favor the painting with a
brief glance and grunt a patronizing
“Pretty good, old chap!” One did not
have to listen to Leonard describing the
good points of each picture in puzzlingly
technical terms, one did not need to pre-
tend to understand what he meant by
"depth,” accompanied always, in ama-
teur circles, by a circular swipe along an
imaginary canvas with an out-turned
thumb; or by “atmosphere,” illustrated
with a wave of both hands; or by any
number of other temperamental words
and gestures. Morgan Leonard might
dabble with colors and brushes and pal-
ette-knives, like any poor skate who had
to do it to live, but he did not let it
monopolize his time or his conversation.
He still loafed about his clubs and played
a good hand at auction or poker; he
could be enlisted readily in projects for
motor-trips or discreet dinner-parties;
he might have artistic tendencies, but he
was nevertheless a regular fellow', and

as such found his friends tolerant of his
weakness for daubing himself up like a
house-painter in his moments of leisure
from the important business of killing
time.

  Moreover, Morgan Leonard had
found his puttering with paint a potent
factor in making the acquaintance of a
number of well-favored young women
who, without being too obviously com-
plaisant to attract a gentleman of so-
phisticated tastes, were, on the other
hand, not too tiresomely prim to prove
entertaining. His models more than
justified his hobby to those of his friends
who were on terms of sufficient intimacy
with him to share in his pleasant little
studio parties. It wasn't hard to put up
with an occasional exhibit of Morgan’s
beloved daubs in return for participa-
tion in those informally delightful af-
fairs. And the models, thanks to a cer-
tain discrimination on Leonard’s part,
were truly above the average in looks,
conversation, tastes, and—let us say, dis-
cretion. For a young gentleman of
abundant finances and invisible occupa-
tions, who has long since exhausted the
amusement possibilities of the stage-
doors, it is undeniably refreshing to gain
entree to that twilight zone where art
rubs elbows with the Philistine, and
morals and proprieties and conventions
begin to merge into the easy code of
near-Bohemia. Morgan was deservedly
popular with his friends, and his studio
w-as a haven of blessed refuge for a
choice fewr of them.

  Livingston Schuyler Van Duyck, gaz-
ing at Morgan’s latest masterpieces
through the blue haze of cigarette-smoke.
102

A LOOK BEFORE LEAPING

was, however, beginning to be bored,
l )ld Morgan had begun to display signs
of straying after strange gods of art,
and a series of cubic portrayals of car-
rots. cab-drivers, and corkscrews, all
looking very much alike to Mr. \ an
Duyck’s untutored'eye, had led that art-
critic to wonder whether, after all, Mor-
gan might not be a person to avoid in
the future. He rubbed his chin reflect-
ively as he stared at a chaotic depiction
of what Leonard assured him had been,
in life, a loaf of bread, and meditated
vaguely upon an excuse for canceling
that tentative engagement for dinner at
the club. He was disappointed in Mor-
gan. But at the words “figure stuff” he
brightened perceptibly. He had been
sufficiently initiated into the parlance of
the craft to understand that this phrase
meant something more interesting than
futuristic carrots in lemon and aquama-
rine He leaned forward as the “figure
stuff” slid on the easel. Then his some-
what pudgy figure straightened and
grew rigid with attention; his rather
weak mouth opened to vacuity; his
round, pale eyes glittered and widened.

  "Gad, old top, but that’s ripping, I
say! PosifizrlyI That’s what I call
top-hole, really!”

  Leonard dissembled his gratification
at this obviously sincere tribute.

  "Oh, it’s all right, in its way, of
course. But it’s nothing but photogra-
phy. I only painted the model—a cam-
era would have done it just as well.”

  "It’s great,” asserted Mr. Van Duyck
admiringly. "How you do it I can’t see.
It’s a gift, that's what, old top. A gift
—what ?”

  "(>h, I don’t know. It‘s plugging
away does most of it. If I had time to
go into the thing seriously, I might do
something worth while, of course,
but—”

    I tell you it’s a gift. Now, I never
could pick 'em out like that 1 I see pic-
tures of peaches like that in the papers,
and I read about ’em in books, but I

never run across ’em anywhere in the
flesh. But you could shut your eyes and
walk a block in Hoboken, by Gad, and
come back with a queen, a dream! It's
a gift, Morgie, old scout—positively!”
And Mr. Van Duyck resumed his rever-
ent inspection of the "figure stuff,” quite
unconscious that he had grievously
wounded his friend’s self-esteem. No
artist—not even an excruciatingly weal-
thy young man who confines his artis-
try to Tuesdays and Fridays—likes to
discover that a tribute to his talent is
meant to refer to his ability at discover-
ing charming young women not averse
to posing in what is flippantly but vivid-
ly described as "the altogether.”

  “Oh, the model!” Morgie’s voice was
pained. “Yes, she’s a looker, but I can’t
give her much outside of that. New one
—wandered in the other day, and I saw
her possibilities just like that. Funny
how a fellow’s eye gets trained so as to
spot a good model in the first sec, isn’t
it ?”

  "She’s a dream—positively,” mur-
mured the rapt and inattentive art-critic.
"Who is she? When do I meet her?”

  The discouraged painter shrugged his
shoulders, reflecting that, after all, Livy
was indubitably atrophied above his
ample neck, and that his judgment was
wholly negligible in matters concerning
true art. He turned to a mahogany
stand and fumbled with a number of
printed cards until he found one written
in pencil.

  "Miriam St. Clair,” he read aloud
wearily. "River, twelve-three-four-nine.
No address. It’s up to you, Livy, if
you want to cultivate her. I can’t give
her a thing except looks. She’s a prune,
honestly.”

  Mr. Van Duyck busied himself with a
pocket-pad and gold-pencil, grinning
sagely. He was absolutely "on” to Mor-
gie’s little game. He didn’t blame old
Morgie for wanting to monopolize a
dream like this—and, whatever his fail-
ings as a connoisseur of art, Mr. Van
ROGER HARTMAN

103

Duyck was undeniably versed in the ac-
curate appraisal of feminine attractions.
If Morgie wouldn't fix it up for him, he
would play a lone hand. It was better,
anyway. A four-cornered party was
often a nuisance to an earnest young
man. Two would be more workable and
less expensive.

  He studied the painting anew. It was
the sadly conventional “figure stuff" of
the amateur, remarkable rather for
frankness than for any quality or orig-
inality or expression, and Morgie, while
a fair workman, was far from being a
genius of even the lowest order. He
had painted the girl facing the observer,
in the alluring garb of sinless Eden, and,
paradox though the words appear, the
absence of covering covered a multitude
of artistic sins. To Mr. Van Duyck’s
approving eye, the picture was a master-
piece, but his tribute was for the sculp-
tress. Nature, rather than for the por-
trayer. Never in his life had Mr. Van
Dtiyck been so utterly fascinated by the
feminine figure. He was excusable, in-
deed, for the model whose form had
been photographically portrayed by
Morgie’s brush was a poem in pink,
velvety skin, soft, adorable curves, and
Jong, slender lines so graceful that not
even Morgie’s faulty technique had been
able to disguise their loveliness. The
face was pretty, and a little odd, the
mouth perhaps a shade too firm for
beauty, the lips thin and expressive of a
certain resolution, the eyes just a trifle
indicative of an excessively calculating
spirit. But it was a face, none the less,
which one would recognize easily; not
distinctive in any single feature, but
markedly so in the ensemble. And, al-
though Livingston Schuyler Van Duyck
impressed that countenance upon his
memory and amiably approved of it, it
was not the face which fascinated him.
but the figure—the wonderful, alluring
bit of rose and ivory moulded by the
cunning hand of Nature for the utter
enslavement of the manly eye. He

could not tear his gaze away from it.
He gloated over it until Morgan’s pa-
tience was badly strained, and when that
slightly vexed artist finally insisted upon
ending the private view took his breath
away by proposing to buy the canvas.

  It was a great moment for Morgan
Leonard, so great that he forgot and
forgave Livy for his Philistine comment
and figuratively fell on his neck. A man
may be never so proud of his amateur
standing in outward pose, but show him
a chance to secure actual coin of the
realm in exchange for his creations, and
he will turn professional in the twink-
ling of a diamond shirt-stud. Praise is
sometimes eloquent, but money contin-
ues to speak more convincingly than the
most emphatic of mere words. And
Morgie Leonard, who found it really a
trial to invest his surplus income, ac-
cepted Livy’s check for two hundred
dollars with exactly the same flutter of
excited nerves as the hungriest hobo-
hemian of Greenwich Village would have
taken it. He had sold a picture! He
was a member in good standing of the
Artists’ Union. Local No. Nought! He
was a member of the guild, a blood-
brother to the profession! He had ar-
rived ! He had no intention of surren-
dering that check in return for a mere
sheaf of paper money—not he! As
long as he lived, it would repose in a
frame over his dresser, to greet him
each morning with the assurance that he
was an actual artist and no mere dilet-
tante. He permitted Livy to break their
dinner-date without a protest. He
wanted to be alone to gloat over that
evidence of his professional status. He
even helped Livy surround the canvas
with protective wrappings, and refrained
from wonder at the knowledge that Mr.
Van Duyck actually intended to bemean
himself by earning it to his rooms in
person. He was uplifted, above hira-
self.

  And Mr. Van Duyck, holding the
precious parcel tenderly on his rather
104

A LOOK BEFORE LEAPING

plump knees, was driven swiftly to his
own abode, wearing a smile of deep and
complete self-satisfaction. He set the
painting up on his cellaret and devoted
a blissful half-hour to the contemplation
of its glory, remote from all unsympa-
thetic observation. It intoxicated him
as no vintage wine had ever succeeded
in doing; it made him wonderfully, su-
perbly drunk with the sheer loveliness it
had caught and held in reflection from
the original masterpiece of Nature.
With a long, rapturous sigh of content,
and another of anticipation, Mr. Van
Duyck drew forth his pocket-pad and
took up the receiver of his telephone.

  “River, twelve-three-four-nine,” he
sighed into the unappreciative ear of the
operator. And as he waited for the con-
nection his smile widened until it
seemed in danger of reaching the edges
of his countenance and falling off into
space. A slightly acid voice answered
him at last.

  “Miss St. Clair?” he asked. The voice
admitted its identity. “This is Liv-
ingston Schuyler Van Duyck speak-
ing. Mr. Morgan Leonard was good
enough to give me your name and num-
ber. I wonder whether you could spare
me a few minutes this afternoon or this
evening—to discuss business, of course.”

  “Why, yes, I think so. Could you
come at eight this evening?” The voice
was perceptibly less acid, and Mr. Van
Duyck’s grin succeeded in reaching the
extreme limits of his plump cheeks.
Most assuredly he could. And the ad-
dress? The voice gave it, with a touch
of hesitation, and it followed the tele-
phone number into Mr. Van Duyck’s
little book. He reluctantly permitted the
interview to terminate. Precipitation,
he had long since learned, was prone to
involve more vexatious delays than cau-
tion. He would see her in a few hours,
and then—well, leave that to Livingston
Schuyler Van Duyck.

  But, as quite a number of our best
poets have set forth, life is a tissue of

uncertainties and disappointments, and
not even people of irreproachable family
are immune from this annoying feature
of existence. Mr. Van Duyck, arriving
at seven fifty-nine at a discouragingly
respectable-looking apartment-house in
the bourgeois district to the north of the
park, was ushered into a living-room
which fairly exuded respectability. It
was impossible to conceive of the occu-
pant thereof as other than a straitlaced
and illiberal-minded observer of all the
conventions and more than the ordinary
number of proprieties. Mr. Van Duyck,
as the reader may have gathered, was
not noteworthy for clairvoyance, but
even he was unable to avoid the im-
pression of uninviting virtue which
fairly oozed from the furniture of the
room in which he found himself. His
heart sank several inches as its influence
pervaded his senses.

  And Miss St. Clair herself, though in-
stantly recognizable as the original of
the masterpiece at present safely locked
in Mr. Van Duyck’s clothes-press, con-
firmed at first glance the evidence of her
milieu. She was as obviously respect-
able as a pair of black-silk mitts, or
chin-whiskers, or stewed prunes, or red-
flannel underwear. In her face, her
eyes, her voice, her manner, and, above
all, in her dress, she proclaimed stern,
uncompromising, conscious virtue as
aggressively as a militant asserting her
undying antagonism toward dish-wash-
ing. Mr. Van Duyck was not easily dis-
couraged in matters of this nature, but
even his valiant spirit quailed as he faced
the object of his new-born adoration.
But his resolution did not waver in the
least. The sight of her, the sustaining
knowledge that he actually stood in the
presence of divinity, within sound of her
voice, within touch of her hand, only
confirmed him in his reprehensible in-
tentions.

  “You wished me to pose for you, Mr.
Van Duyck?” Her voice was a little
acid, thought the infatuated art-connois-
ROGER HARTMAN

105

seur, but voices, after all, are matters of
unimportant detail to the true devotee
of beauty. And the fact that she pro-
nounced his exalted patronymic pho-
netically as Van Doo-yuk did not afflict
him, either. Culture is not to be ex-
pected of a woman whose form, like
Helen’s, would have set nations at each
other’s throat.

   “—er—that is—" he stammered, re-
 gretting that he had not prepared a con-
 vincing fiction as to his errand. But the
 lady did not wait for him to flounder to
 his finish.

    “I’m very partic’ler about who I pose
  for,” she informed him. "Can you give
  me refer’nees to prove that you’re a
  proper person for a young girl to pose
  for? Of course I always bring my aunt
  anyway, but, as I said, I’m extra par-
  tic’ler.”

    Mr. Van Duyck’s iron resolution wav-
  ered under this assault, but the memory
  of that picture came back to him in time
  to freshen his courage. His eyes wan-
  dered wistfully over the lady's unalluring
  costume, apparently purchased at one of
  the "Mammoth Emporiums” which ad-
  vertise such outfits at $3.98, and refer
  to the process as “wholesale murder of
  stupemkms values.” It was decidedly
  too large for her, and its somewhat ex-
  treme cut caused it to bulge and sag in
  a number of unexpected places. Mr.
  Van Duyck’s artistic impulses yearned
  ; impellingly to do away with its mon-
  1 strous libel upon the pure, sheer beauty
  1 which it concealed.

    “I can give you any number of refer-

•	ences,” he said smoothly. "The Right
  Reverend Augustus Bellflower, for in-
  stance; Mrs. G. Richem Blazes, Mrs.
  Pinfeather, and so on. I can satisfy you
  in that respect, you may be sure.”

  ; “I suppose they’re all right,” said the
i lady doubtfully. “I’ll see if my aunt
; knows any of ’em.” She left the room,
v lo return after a moment, escorting a
■3 frim-visaged maiden lady of an obvious
1 ifty-year vintage, who surveyed the ar-

dent worshiper of beauty through steel-
rimmed spectacles with eyes which sug-
gested gimlets. He squirmed under
their inspection.

   “He looks dissipated,” said the older
lady, after some moments of study, "but
it may be only full-bloodedness. I sup-
pose it’s all right, if you think you can
trust him.”

  Mr. Van Duyck was gratified. He
proceeded to seat himself and discussed
at some length the painting he had in
mind. An instinctive caution prevented
him from revealing in the presence of
Miss St. Clair’s chaperon the fact that
he was interested exclusively in “figure
stuff.” He was inclined to believe that
she would not approve.

   When, after listening to his conversa-
tion for an interminable time, the older
lady departed to some inner shrine, he
ventured to be more daring. He sug-
gested that, as future collaborators, a
certain degree of acquaintance was de-
sirable, and proposed that the object of
his devotion accompany him for a brief
excursion in his waiting motor.

  After debating this matter at some
length, Miss St. Clair, to his intense
gratification, consented. She donned a
hat which he found peculiarly unbecom-
ing and a pair of red-fleece-lined over-
shoes which she referred to as “artics,’’
by way of preparation for the joyous
adventure. He began to wonder
whether, after all, he had not set him-
self a hopeless task. He was already be-
ginning to plan the purchase of certain
paraphernalia of art before the lady’s ar-
rival to pose, instinctively aware that it
would otherwise be difficult to convince
her of his purely disinterested motives.

  In the car, however, the beautiful
model unbent appreciably. She permit-
ted him to hold her hand for several
blissful moments before she rebuked his
presumption with a stinging slap 011 his
wrist; she allowed him to escort her to
a quiet restaurant where she partook dis-
creetly of mineral-water and a sand-
10G

A LOOK BEFORE LEAFING

wich; she even accepted a number of
more or less daring compliments without
displeasure. And when Mr. Van Duyck
left her at last, in the gloom of the cor-
ridor before her apartment door, she
actually suffered him to print an ardent
kiss upon her lips before, with a shrill
squeak of dismay, she slipped behind
the door and barred it in his face. He
was, on the whole, well content with his
first evening's progress.

  In his rooms he spent an exceedingly
pleasant half-hour of meditative reflec-
tion before the masterpiece of Mr. Mor-
gie Leonard. It stimulated his imagina-
tion wonderfully. He was thrilled to
think that he was actually on his way
toward a pleasurable intimacy with lhe
original of that poem of line and color.
His dreams were roseate, and he rose
with a strengthened purpose, in pursu-
ance of which he made haste to com-
municate with Miss St. Clair over the
telephone and secure her reluctant con-
sent to a morning drive through the
Westchester hills in search of good land-
scape settings for the picture for which
he intended to pose her. He wras ex-
ceedingly proud of this device—it af-
forded numberless possibilities without
the annoyance of buying easels and pal-
ettes and brushes and colors. Perhaps
he would be able to get along without
them altogether.

  It thrilled him to discover that the
night had evidently softened the heart of
beauty toward him. The smile with
which Miss St. Clair welcomed him was
utterly free of acidity, and her cheeks
were pleasantly pink. He thought her
eyes strangely bright, but she persist-
ently evaded his glance, as though sud-
denly self-conscious under it. Her aunt
was mercifully in retirement.

  He thrilled under the realization of
his progress as he drove north to the
open country. Beside him the girl,
bundled in robes which concealed her
curiously unattractive raiment to some
extent, was as silent as he. Not until

they had left the city behind them and
were speeding through the pleasantly
sheltered wood-ways of the country did
they begin to talk in earnest. And then,
with a note of indulgent reproof in her
tone, Miss St. Clair startled him hor-
ribly.

  “That was a terrible story you told
last night,” she said. “The idea of you
being an artist! Aren’t you awful!"

  “Eli? What? How did you guess?”
He was relieved, after the first shock,
to realize that she evidently did not hold
his fraud against him.

  “Oh, I telephoned around this morn-
ing,” she said airily. “You might fool
some people, but not me. I’m right on
the job all the time.”

  He laughed. “You don’t mind, do
you ?” he said tenderly. “I saw that pic-
ture of you in good old Morgie Leon-
ard's rooms, and I fell in love with you
on first sight. Clean knocked me out—
positively. Couldn’t rest till I'd met
you.”

  “It’s wonderful,” she agreed intro-
spectively. “It took me just the same
way. The minute I laid eyes on you,
something inside me said: ‘This for
you, little girl!’ and I knew I was a
goner. Love’s queer, ain’t it?”

  “Rummest thing in the world, sweet-
ness,” said Mr. Van Duyck. He stopped
the car in the shelter of a friendly curve
and demonstrated the exquisite ruinness
of love by means of a number of kisses,
which the fair Miriam accepted and re-
turned with unconcealed satisfaction.
This pleasing process was subsequently
repeated at frequent intervals, and with
each repetition the enslavement of Mr.
Van Duyck became more abject. He
closed his eyes on each occasion, and his
memory instantly summoned before
them the mystically alluring picture
which reposed in the privacy of his
wardrobe. He did not see the living
woman in his arms, but the counterfeit
presentment of her which had first
stirred his slightly shopworn emotions.
ROGER HARTMAN

107

And, so intricate is the association of
ideas with facts, each time that he
kissed the flesh-and-blood girl he seemed
to be kissing the paint-and-canvas vision
of delight. He was intensely intoxicated
by the hypnosis of associated thoughts.
By the time they stopped for luncheon
he had reached the stage in which he
was pathetically pleading with Miss St.
Qair to dispense with feminine foible
and set forth with him at once upon the
adventurous pathway of romance. He
phrased these pleadings in the argot of
his class, artfully euphemistic, but in-
telligible, beyond any doubt, to the grati-
fied object of his passion.

  She held him at arm's length during
their luncheon, and for a time there-
after, as they continued their search for
landscape beauties amid the Westchester
hills, but he could see that she was grad-
ually yielding, and his pulses throbbed
at the thought. He redoubled his ef-
forts. At last, when they had turned
and were sweeping back toward the city,
she abandoned her resistance.

  "I give up.” she sighed, laying her
head, with its peculiar triumph of mil-
linery, on his shoulder. "It doesn't
seem proper, but I can't say no any
more. I’d ought to make you wait a
while, but—I just can’t help myself.
You can make me do anything you want,
Livy dearest.”

  He checked the car and indulged in
a number of superfluous kisses. His
hands were shaking with triumphant ex-
citement. He was a wonder with wom-
en—no possible doubt of that! W'ouldn’t
old Morgie be surprised if he knew!
And Morgie had actually referred to
this vision of delight as a prune! A fine
artist!

  “Hurry up and drive back to town,”
she said. “If you’re set on to-night,
we’ve got to hustle. There’s no time to
lose.”

  “Why?” He had intended to avoid
Manhattan for the present. She sighed
impatiently.

  “Ain’t that just like a man! You
drive back, Livy Van Doo-yuk, this min-
ute! I might have guessed I’d have to
do the thinking for us both 1”

  He obeyed, deep under the spell of
his imaginary vision of her. For some
reason, she wished to go back to New
York. Well, New York, after all, was
an ideal spot for romances such as this.
She was right—the country was always
dangerous. The city would be best.
And as he drove he sank steadily into a
yet more abject state of subjection. He
was so wholly in the grip of his antic-
ipations that when he received instruc-
tions to drive downtown he did not
argue an instant. Not until they reached
City Hall did he question her motives.
Then, as he stopped in obedience to her
orders and followed her to the pave-
ment, he ventured to inquire what was
the object of this maneuver.

  “Why, silly, we got to get a license,
haven’t we?” she said.

  Mr. Van Duyck’s head spun for a
giddy instant. A license! She expected
him to marry her! He glanced at her
timidly. Something in her eyes forbade
him to speak his thoughts. He realized
that not only did his courage fail before
the task of suggesting that they dispense
with this tiresome formality, but also
shrank from denying her obvious desire
to proceed at once with the matter. He
was afraid to tell her that he had enter-
tained a quite different idea. It re-
quired more nerve than Livy Van
Duyck possessed to make such a con-
fession, with those eyes fixed upon him.
And, besides, he was still under the spell
of his emotions. In the light of his vis-
ions of unspeakable bliss, the matter of
marriage seemed, after all, an unimpor-
tant incident, scarcely worth arguing
over. He yielded without too obvious
reluctance to her guiding grasp of his
arm, and presently found himself an-
swering a number of impertinent ques-
tions addressed to him by an interested
clerk beyond a wicket. There was also
108

A LOOK BEFORE LEAPING

some nuisance of signing his proud ag-
gregation of names, and tl»en, with Mir-
iam clinging to his arm, a brief transi-
tion to another smoke-laden room where
a paunchy person with pendent mus-
tache, and a large ruby adorning his
finger, asked mpre questions and duly
pronounced them man and wife.

  He was vaguely concerned about this
as he drove back to bis familiar section
of town with his suddenly-acquired
spouse beaming from the seat beside
him. It impressed him with a sense of
dismay, to reflect that this was bound to
be a rather permanent affair. But the
thought of the picture in his wardrobe
sustained him nobly. After all, Morgie
Leonard was nothing but a dabbler in
art. He could not possibly do full jus-
tice to any subject. Why, when the poor
chap tried to paint a carrot, even, he had
to explain the result to keep his friends
from taking it for a ship at sea or an
explosion in the subway! There wasn’t
a chance that he had done justice to Mir-
iam—not a chance! And if she should
be more wonderful than Morgie’s crude
painting—! Mr. Van Duyck drew a
deep breath. He was afraid he might
not be able to survive the wonder of it.

  He took her to his apartment. The
door-man stared as they entered, and
stared harder than ever when Livy ex-
plained that the lady was his lawful
wife. The elevator-boy was even more
interested. But Mr. Van Duyck, with
the memory of that painting still before
his mental vision, paid no heed. They
saw only her clothes; he saw— And
again he expanded his lungs at the
thought of it.

  Once inside the apartment, with the
door fast-barred, he paused and sur-
veyed his wife with a certain hesitancy.
Never having experimented with matri-
mony, he was at a loss as to the proper
procedure under the distracting circum-
stances. A happy thought flashed upon
him.

  “You know that picture old Morgie

made of you?” he said, grinning. She
nodded. “Well, I bought it!”

  “You did? Where is it?”

  “In my room. Want to see it?”

  “1 should say I did! Just think of
it! I didn't know you were so crazy
about me as all that!”

  Throbbing with excitement, he led the
way into his bedroom, unlocked the
door of his clothes-press, and drew out
the portentous painting. She was a little
apprehensive at her surroundings, he
thought, as he turned toward her with
the picturc held so that she could not see
it. Well, the picture would talk. He'
had a great head, posi/nely. He turned
the picture toward her suddenly.

 She gasped. Then she squeaked—
there is no other word to describe the
sound which escaped her parted lips.
Instantly, however, these closed firmly,
in a thin, straight line of disapproval,
the lady's rather prominent chin obtrud-
ed more prominently than ever, and with
it elevated at an angle of at least forty-
five degrees she stalked out of the bed-
room.

  “Livy Van Doo-yuk,” she called im-
peratively, “put down that disgusting
thing this minute and come here!”
Dumbly, his mind dazed, the bcnedict
obeyed. She surveyed him with strong
disfavor as he stood before her.

  “How dare you have such a thing in
your rooms?” she demanded. “You
bum it right straight up—this minute.”
“But—but, hang it all, Miriam, you
posed for it—it’s you, isn’t it? What's
wrong with my having my wife’s pic-
ture—”

  “Your wife’s picture indeed! Do you
thing for a minute I’d let anybody paint
me like that? I should say not! W’hy.
it isn’t decent!”

  He stared at her vacantly.

  “Then, didn’t you pose for it? It
looks like you—”

 “Me? Look like that? Much you
know about it! I only posed for the
face!**
ALIAS MRS. JESSOP*

A Four-Part Story — Part III
By Blair Hall

IX

JANET found the first-class compart-
ment empty. She was glad that
her journey to London would not
be rendered still less endurable by the
necessity of chatting with some acquaint-
ance. Her thoughts, after her sleepless
night, were more company than she de-
sired: the memory of Anthony Jessop's
disillusioned eyes, which had tortured
her through the wakeful hours of dark-
ness, was still with her; the thought of
Kenneth’s pitiful bewilderment when
the mother he had learned to adore
should suddenly revert to the mother he
had learned to distrust and fear accused
her as though the cruelty were her own
instead of the blind chance of merciless
fate. She closed her eyes and leaned
back against the cushions in a desperate
effort to think her way out of the
dilemma into which her benevolent deceit
had led her. And it was because of this
absorption that she failed to witness the
tardy arrival of the Honorable Muriel
Grahame, or to observe that this elev-
enth-hour passenger passed her own
compartment and recognized her through
the glass. She thus reached London in
complete ignorance of the fact that the
Honorable Muriel arrived by the same
train; she gave her destination to the
taxi-driver without noticing that Miss
Grahame, just behind her, must have
overheard the address of Lillian’s flat.

  Lillian, still asleep when Janet came
into her over-decorated bedroom, lifted
luxuriously lazy arms and yawned with
animal frankness as she woke.

“Well, Jan, I’ve come to rescue you

at last,’’ she drawled in a voice still
heavy with sleep. “I suppose you're
wild at me for having stayed so long, but
I couldn’t help it.”

  “What have you done with Mr Den-
nison?” demanded Janet bluntly. Lil-
lian laughed—a short, ugly, mirthless
sound.

  “Oh, Walter turned out to be a worse
bore than Anthony. He has the most
absurd notions about propriety—wants
his wife to be something a cut better than
Mrs. Ca?sar. I couldn’t stand him an-
other week if my life depended on it.”
“So you’ve left him?” Janet’s tone
hardened.

  "It comes to that, but he doesn’t know
it yet,” said her cousin, thrusting her
bare feet out of bed and feeling about
for her slippers with them, too languid
to take the pains of first looking to see
where they were. “I didn’t bum the
bridges, exactly—I let him think I was
coming to England on business for a
fortnight or so. But I’ve not the least
idea of ever going back to him again,
so make your mind quite easy about the
future I’m going to settle down as Mrs.
Anthony Jessop and behave myself se-
dately forever and ever. It’s time I
gave up my little vacations. I’ve learned
my lesson, Jan.’’

  “Do you know that Anthony has comc
home?” Janet’s voice did not waver as
she spoke, but it needed all her self-con-
trol to keep it firm and even. Lillian
dropped the stocking she held and stared
at her cousin. Janet explained quickly.

  “A pretty mess,” commented Lillian
acidly, when she had finished. I must

    *This story becjan in the First February Number. Your newsdealer has it,
or can get a copy for you.
110

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP

say, Jan, I think you’ve taken a lot on
yourself. It wasn’t in the bargain that
you should change my highly satisfactory
domestic relations. Now I’ll have the
same tiresome quarrels with Anthony
until he has the good sense to pack up
and get out agaii\. What a nuisance!”
Janet controlled her angry disgust
with an effort, and came to her cousin's
side. “Lillian, I want you to be good
to Anthony,” she said quietly. “He's a
fine, clean, straight man, who loves you
and deserves to be happy. He’s crip-
pled and weak and ill; he’s not fit to
wander about the world any more.
Won't you try to make him—content
with his home?"

  Lillian stared. A slow light dawned in
her eyes, and her lips twisted into a hate-
ful smile. “So that’s it, eh?” she mused,
in a tone which brought the hot blood to
Janet’s cheek. “The arctic Anthony and
gentle Jane have been hitting it off, eh?
How sweet! It’s evidently just as well
that I decided to drop Walter and come
back. How long has this been going on ?
How far has it gone?”

  “Don't be insulting, Lillian.” Janet
gripped her self-control desperately.
“There’s—there’s absolutely nothing be-
tween Anthony and me except a deep and
well-deserved respect for him on my part
and a well-earned gratitude on his—for
careful, successful nursing through a
dangerous illness.” A sudden idea came
to her. “If there were anything more,”
she added in a different tone, “you are
scarcely in a position to complain I"
“Don’t be so touchy,” said Lillian
quickly. “I didn't mean anything. I
know you pretty well, Jan. It’s all right
now—I’m going home. I’ve learned my
lesson, and I shan’t play with matches
any more. I'll be decent to Anthony,
too. I hove been a pig to him. I admit.
But it's all over now—I've reformed.
I’ll go down this very afternoon.”

  “And Mr. Dennison?” suggested Jan-
et. her heart sinking in spite of herself.
“What about him?”

  “Oh, he won’t care,” said Lillian
lightly. “He was ready enough to let
ine go. He’ll be glad to be rid of me,
if I'm any judge. And if he docs cut
up rough, what can he do? What is
there to connect me with Mrs. Anthony
Jessop? The only woman he knows is
Janet Forde.. It all fits in beautifully.”
“Except that Janet Forde happens to
be my name,” objected Janet. “And if
I go back to the States to earn my living,
it’s more than probable that he will trace
me and believe himself married to me.
Has that phase of the matter suggested
itself to you?"

  Lillian laughed heartily. *'Howr splen-
did ! Don’t you see how beautifully it all
fits in? You step down as Mrs. Jessop,
and I step into your place. I step down
as Mrs. Dennison, and you become her—
it's as easy as easy!”

  “Lillian!” Janet’s voice was stem.
The irrepressible Lillian felt its icy re-
proof through her mirth, and her face
sobered quickly.

  “Don’t be stuffy, Jan. I only meant
that if Walter wants to know what’s be-
come of his wife, it’s you he’ll trace, not
me. And of course you don't have to
have anything to do with him unless
you choose. You can divorce him, or
let him divorce you, if you like, or you
can collect an allowance from him if
you'd rather do that. Pretty soft, /
should say! None of the trials of mat-
rimony, and all of the privileges!'’

  For a moment Janet was about to rebel.
It was on her lips to refuse point-blank
to fall in with her cousin’s plans, to as-
sert her intention of continuing in her
present position and defying Lillian to
oust her from it. Strategically, all the
advantage lay with her: Lillian invited
the unromantic interest of the British
penal code if she declared herself; she
faced not only the opprobrium of the
divorce courts, but the practical cer-
tainty of a term in prison. Her lips were
sealed. If Janet chose to cling to the
name which she wore, her cousin was
BLAIR HALL

111

practically powerless to disturb her.
But, as if she read the thought, Lillian
voiced the vital weakness of Janet's po-
sition.

  “Of course, I know you can make it
unpleasant for me if you like," she ad-
mitted lightly. "But don’t forget that
1 can make it almost as unpleasant for
you. For four months you’ve been liv-
ing in my house, with my husband, as his
wife. What are people going to think
and say about that, Miss Puritan Inno-
cence? Why, the case is interesting
enough to be table-talk on two continents
lor weeks! It’ll drive the war news off
the front page!”

  Janet realized that despite the strength
of her legal position she was powerless
against Lillian, once the latter chose to
risk the consequences of her reckless-
ness. For Lillian cared only for her-
self; the effect of her deeds upon the
other actors in the drama was of less
than no concern to her; she was utterly
careless of the fact that her father would
be humbled to the dust, that Anthony
Jessop and his little son would be marked
for life with a scandal which would not
down, that Walter Dennison would suf-
fer almost as deeply as she, that Janet
would be branded as a conscienceless and
degraded sinner, as guilty as the guilty
woman herself; while to Janet all these
considerations were far more potent than
the possible effect of disclosure upon
her own fortunes. She might face dis-
grace and scandal for herself, but she
could not. would not. bring it upon others
as innocent of ill intent as she. The only
safe course was that which Lillian coolly
proposed. Unhappy as her return would
inevitably make Anthony and Kenneth,
it was preferable to what must eventually
happen if she invited the unmasking
which would take the world into the
plot. Janet surrendered without offering
battle.

  “Very well,” she said. ‘Til try to
tell you everything that’s happened while
I’ve been at Monks Grace, so that you

can manage to avoid suspicion when you
go down. I—1 took the precaution to
quarrel with Anthony last night, as soon
as I’d finished talking with you on the
telephone, and he’ll be prepared to find
you vastly different from the woman
he’s known for the past few weeks. I—”
The telephone-bell tinkled. Lillian,
halt-dressed, shuffled across the room to
answer it. Janet saw her face brighten
suddenly.

  Oh, good morning! How nice of you
to ring me up! . . . What, again? . . .
Oh, I am so sorry, but it’s quite impos-
sible. ... I’d love to, but simply must
leave town this afternoon. . . . No, of
course not. He’s in the States, but . . .
Well, hold the line a moment, and I*11
see what can be done.

  “Jan, a—a friend of mine wants me
to dine with him this evening, and I—
I want to go. It will be my last chance
for years and years to enjoy myself, and
I—I can't stand the idea of burying my-
self alive down there in Kent without
this one last fling. Will you stay here
to-night and let me go down to-morrow ?
You can wire them that you’re with me,
you know.”

  Janet thought swiftly, desperately.
Every7 instinct urged her to postpone the
moment of final rupture with the life she
had come to love; every instant of delay
was so much gained, so much chance for
the reprieve or pardcn for which she
despairingly hoped. Too, every hour
added between the time c i her departure
from Kent and the arrival of Lillian to
take her place made the possibility of dis-
covery more remote. They were won-
derfully alike in physical appearance, in
gesture, in voice, in manner, but there
were still enough differences to make the
change all but obvious should an insuf-
ficient interval elapse to dim the percep-
tions of those who stayed ^ehind in
Kent. She assented reluctantly, so far
as outward seeming indicated her atti-
tude. but inwardly she was fiercely glad
of the delay, fiercely hopeful that some-
112

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP

thing might yet intervene to change Lil-
lian's resolve. Her cousin kissed her en-
thusiastically and skipped almost girl-
ishly back to the telephone.

  "I can manage it!’' she cried musically
into the transmitter. "I really shouldn’t,
but I will. . . . .Yes, at eight. . . . Oh,
you think so, do you? Well, don’t set
your heart on it. . . . At eight, then.
Good-by!”

  The words were innocent enough, but
the coquetry of Lillian's tone seemed to
Janet to shriek a secondary meaning. It
reminded her of the women she had
known in the lower levels of her profes-
sion—the women who used the stage as
a convenient stepping-stone to the prof-
itable practice of an art which is older
than the drama by some thousands of
years. And it was to this woman, fresh
lrom an evening with the kind of man
to whom women speak in that unmis-
takably eloquent tone, to whom she was
surrendering her place, her hard-won
friendships, her loved home, her serv-
ants, her foster-son, and, yes—she used
the word defiantly, challenginglv, in her
thought—her husband!

  Lillian returned after dawn, to quiet
Janet’s fears lest some accident had over-
taken her, but also to arouse her suspi-
cions of something almost as serious. For
she had plainly passed a hilarious even-
ing, if nothing worse. Her eyes were
bright and her cheeks flushed beneath the
powder and rouge. She laughed too much
and too loudly to please Janet, and re-
fused to explain where she had spent the
intervening hours, beyond repeating, un-
der questioning, as she undressed in the
careless fashion which Janet remembered
so well, that London had livened up
amazingly since she had left it, and that
she intended to see a little more of its
new activities before burying herself in
Kent.

  She was even less communicative
when she awakened, well into the after-
noon, cross and nervous and pale. She
snapped at her cousin at the first sign of

expostulation, and flatly refused to con-
sider setting out at once for Monks
Grace. She had already accepted an in-
vitation for the evening, she declared,
and nothing would move her from her
determination to keep it. One argument
which she advanced in defense of this
position had weight with Janet. She
pointed out that the longer the lapse of
time between Janet’s disappearance and
Lillian's arrival to resume her place, the
less probability would there be that the
people at Monks Grace would suspect
the truth. The longer the opportunity
given them to forget minor details of ap-
pearance, the safer the second substitu-
tion must be. Realizing this, Janet was
the more reconciled to her cousin’s
change in plan, though when Lillian re-
turned for the second time, well after
dawn, and in an even more obviously ex-
cited condition, her fears were aroused
again. It seemed impossible that this
reckless, selfish, sharp-tongued woman
would fit into the life at Monks Grace
without forcing Anthony and the serv-
ants to realize that more than a mere
change in mood had taken place in the
mistress of the manor. She compro-
mised with her misgivings by sending
daily wires to Anthony and Kenneth, al-
though she knew that this very mark of
affection would increase the danger of
the second exchange of identities.

X.

"How good of you to come, Anthony !’'

  The Honorable Muriel Grahame sur-
veyed with eyes which revealed an ap-
proval unwontedly frank the tall, lean
figure in faultless evening dress. Not
even the stick on which he leaned with a
suggestion of bodily weakness could less-
en the distinction of Anthony Jessop’s
physique and manner. Crippled he might
be, but the defect served only to accent
the lithe strength of the figure. The pal-
lor of the face, and the lines which suf-
fering had graven on it. but heightened
the essential power of the features.
BLAIR HALL

113

   “You sent for me in such fashion that
I could not fail to come," he answered
quietly. “What is this mysterious af-
fair which concerns"—there was the
briefest instant of hesitation before he
completed the question with a half-de-
fiant ring in his tone—“my wife?"

  Muriel Grahame’s eyes contracted
ever so slightly at the final words, but
her smile did not change.

   “I will take you to her,” she promised
cryptically. “Your eyes will tell you bet-
ter than your ears how much she—needs
you. Have you dined?”

  He bow’ed impatiently. “But Lil-
lian—"

  “A little patience, my friend. You
w’ill see her shortly. Aren't you the least
bit pleased to see me, Anthony?”

  He recovered his self-possession in-
stantly. “You are good to me, Muriel,"
he said affectionately. “I beg your par-
don for displaying my anxiety so ob-
viously. I—Lillian—”

  “What has come over you, Anthony?”
Her eyes studied him curiously. “You
have been married nearly a decade, I be-
lieve, and rumor does not describe you
as exactly an ardent husband. Whence
and why this sudden concern about the
charming lady who married you after so
many years of—let us say—milder in-
terest?” She watched his eyes darken,
and her manner changed abruptly.
“Come, Anthony, be frank with me—we
can afford to abandon pretense w'ith each
other, can wre not? I know the truth
about your marriage as well as you know
how bitterly I have repented the folly by
'which I made that marriage possible. I
know that the girl you married made life
a hell for you till you left her, and con-
tinued to amuse herself rather hectically
afterwards. Why should you behave like
a love-struck schoolboy over her now?”
He seemed to hesitate between resent-
ment and confidence. Then his face
cleared, and he leaned toward her. “You
always w'ere a brick, Muriel. I’ll be
frank with you. I hated my wife for

seven years or more; I hated her when
she brought me home; I distrusted her
while she nursed me; I refused to let
myself believe that she had changed. But
she must have changed—enormously.
The boy worships her; there isn’t a serv-
ant in the house who isn’t her devoted
slave; the Vicar and his wife adore her,
and she’s fast friends with the county,
from Lady Ann down. In spite of my-
self, I couldn’t help seeing all that while
I lay there like a trapped rat, with noth-
ing to do but w atch and think. Confound
it all. Muriel, women do change—you’ve
changed yourself. And I was sure Lil-
lian had—"

  “Was?" She repeated the word sig-
nificantly. He flushed.

  “Night before last I doubted again.
Her manner was what it had been in the
bad old days; for a few' hours I hated
her more than ever. But it wouldn’t
quite do—you see, I’ve had too much
evidence against it in these months. And
it’s come over me since that I mistook a
momentary lapse for something perma-
nent; that I let one minute of reversion
outweigh w'eeks and months of reform
—that I didn’t stand by when she needed
me most. Your wire made me sure of
it."

  “And if it should be a momentary
lapse, and nothing more. Anthony?
Would you—would you feel the same to-
ward her as you did before?”

  His eyes blazed suddenly. “I’d feel
ever so much more!” he declared. “I
loved her when she was nothing but a
silly child; I hated her when she devel-
oped into a selfish, w'eak-moraled, stub-
bornly reckless woman; I’d love her more
than ever if I found that she actually
has managed to remake herself—tri-
umphed over her weakness and made
herself the woman she’s seemed to be
these last months. That would mean—

  “You’re abject, I perceive.” she cut
in, with an ill-concealed sneer in her
voice. "I’m glad I yielded to temptation
and sent for you. You need a friend.
114

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP

Anthony. I felt it, and I was right.
Come!"

  She led the way from the room with-
out waiting for his answer. He followed
her, his face puzzled, his mind grappling
vainly with this new riddle. What had
Muriel to do .with his perplexities?
What brought her back into his life to
clear or further muddle the troubled
waters ? Her car waited at the door, and
they drove in silence for a time. Then
she suddenly turned to him.

  “Anthony!” she breathed. The dim
light of the street-lamps accentuated the
beauty of her face, the flawless perfec-
tion of the features, the pale damask of
cheek and throat, gleaming against the
collar of sable fur. The subtle music of
her voice thrilled him in spite of his anx-
iety, and a faint, remote hint of the
barely perceptible scent which clung to
her woke a reminiscent stirring of the
old passion for her. She leaned very
close, the softness of her shoulder against
his arm, her eyes looking straight into
his. "Anthony,” she whispered again, “I
can't bear it any longer! Isn’t there any
of the old love left? Don’t you care—
have you quite forgotten ?”

  He ruled his impulses with an effort
which stiffened his muscles tensely, so
that she felt the sudden contraction of his
sinews through the intervening folds of
cloth and fur. But he did not venture
on speech.

  “I’m quite shameless, dear/ she said
softly, tears shining in her eyes now, and
her voice tremulous with half-repressed
self-pity. “I sent you away when I was a
silly, proud child. I’ve spent my life be-
ing sorry for it, and I can’t let you go
again for want of a word of truth. You
loved me, Anthony—and men like you
love only once. This other woman—”

  “We are going to her?” He inter-
rupted quickly, hoping to check the con-
fession, but she paid no heed.

  “She cares nothing for you—less than
nothing. You have allowed a little kind-
ness to blind you. Because she nursed

you as she would have nursed a suffering
animal, you think she loves you. Be-
cause you are weak and ill and grateful,
you believe you care for her. Open your
eyes, dear, and look at the truth at last.
Let her go—and let us take up life where
we both left off living! I—I love you so,
Anthony!”

  In spite of himself, he was moved.
First loves are subtly strong in strong
men like Anthony Jessop, and this wom-
an had stirred a passionate devotion in
him which had left deep scars upon his
sou! where the wounds had healed. Old
memories crowded maddeningly back up-
on him—memories of moments when the
touch of her hand had been enough to
bring his heart into his throat, when the
sound of her voice, the sight of her pale
loveliness, the faint hint of the same
scent that was in his nostrils now, had
lifted him into a fool’s paradise of blind
delight. Every fibre of his physical be-
ing cried out for her as she leaned toward
him; his arms ached with their impulse
to sweep her roughly into their embrace.
But his will refused to abdicate its em-
pire, though his voice shook as he spoke
its bidding:

  “Don’t, Muriel—it’s too late for this.
Please—it hurts me to have you—”

  “It’s not too late—it’s never too late
to make amends for mistakes! I’m tak-
ing you to a place where the scales will
fall from your eyes forever, dear. When
you have seen for yourself what I have
seen, when you know this woman for
what she is and will be always, will you
—will you take me back into your heart
and try to love me again?”

   Her lips were very near his; the magic
of her thrilled him as it had when life
and love were young and wonderful. Lil-
lian seemed suddenly vastly remote, ut-
terly insignificant. All that mattered was
that Muriel loved him, wanted him again,
that she was here, beside him, calling his
soul to his lips with all the mysterious
allure of her beautiful body and her
thrilling voice, lie kissed her, almost
BLAIR HALL

115

savagely, and felt her shoulders relax as
his arras clasped them close; felt, for one
giddy instant, the fierce joy of the man
who conquers and yields at once. But
even in the first madness of the caress
something within him rose and cursed
his weakness and his folly. He found
himself holding her helplessly, as a bache-
lor holds a baby, afraid to release her
and yet absurdly ill at ease, foolishly
eager to be relieved of the burden. He
could have cried aloud in his relief when
the car stopped suddenly and broke the
tension for them both.

  "This is the place,” she whispered, her
hands busy with her hair in the instinc-
tive concern of the woman for her ap-
pearance which not even the high peaks
or low abysses of emotion can quite con-
quer. He glanced out at a dark, unwel-
coming house—a huge, dim shape in the
poorly-lighted street. The driver opened
the door of the limousine, and Anthony
helped his guide to descend, curiosity
overcoming, for the moment, the self-
detestation to which he was prey. She is-
sued a low command to the servant and
led the way up a short flight of steps to
the door, tapping several times on its
slightly shabby panels. It swung open,
and they stood in the darkness of an an-
techamber. He heard a faint click, and
blinked as the glare of an electric dark-
lantern flashed into his eyes. “It’s quite
all right.” he heard Muriel whisper, and
the beam of light flashed toward her.
Evidently she was a satisfactory sponsor,
for the light vanished, an inner door
opened and let them into a rather shabby,
nondescript hall, where a feeble light
overhead revealed nothing more exciting
than a flight of stairs, a chair or two,
and a keen-eyed manservant, who took
Anthony’s coat and hat and stood aside
for them to pass.

  Muriel turned to him and proffered a
bit of black silk, which he accepted me-
chanically, glancing at it curiously and
wondering what it meant. With a gasp
of surprise, he saw that she had already

adjusted a similar mask over her face.

  “What does it all mean?” he demand-
ed.

  “Put on your mask and you shall see.
Have you never heard of a supper-dub ?”
She spoke impatiently. "Don’t hesitate
—it’s quite the usual thing to go masked
at this place, and you mustn’t be recog-
nized.”

  He obeyed, and followed her along the
hall to a closed door. She opened it and
stepped into a room beyond. Over her
shoulder he caught sight of a crowded
dancing-floor, flanked by tables at which
men and women, many of them masked,
sat looking on, talking, drinking. An at-
tendant guided them to a table in a dis-
tant corner, and Anthony seated himself
to gaze about him in frank curiosity. He
had heard sinister whispers of these
places, these private rooms which did
not heed the closing hour when more
public resorts put out their lights and
closed their shutters. He had thought of
them as mysteriously evil dens where
wickedness unnamable flourished behind
barred doors, where the very atmosphere
was inGtinct with subtler vices than those
which flaunted themselves frankly in less
exclusive places. And he was a little
disappointed in his first glimpse. Except
for the secrecy of their entrance, the
darkened windows which faced the
street, it might have been a dining-and-
dancing-room in any one of a hundred
public resorts. He glanced at Muriel as
if to voice this impression, but she was
not looking at him; through the slits of
her mask he could follow her gaze to an-
other corner of the room, where a man
and a woman, innocent of mask, leaned
toward each other in obvious absorption,
oblivious to what went on about them.
The woman’s shoulders were toward An-
thony; her dress was extreme and dar-
ing. revealing her back almost to the
waist-line; he could see one hand toying
with a tiny glass of some greenish liquid.
As he looked, the horror of the place
seemed to break suddenly in upon his
136

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP

consciousness; it ceased to be merely a
resort where the city’s gayer and more
reckless souls might indulge in the
franker, coarser pleasures denied them
by the rules of more staid places of en-
tertainment, and became the insidiously
ugly thing of wliich he had heard
stray whispers. The music, which he
had scarcely heeded, assumed a sin-
ister note, a vaguely vicious rhythm
which impacted unpleasantly on his ears.
The figures of the dancers suddenly be-
came significant, their masked faces subt-
ly suggestive of vague, unknown vice.
The air was touched with a faint scent
which he identified as the acrid breath of
hashish. Against the overpowering per-
fume of the exotic blooms with which the
tables were decorated—orchids, most of
them—this distant suggestion of the
Asiatic drug seemed doubly insidious.
He was conscious of a queer shudder of
half-fearful disgust; he seemed to be
looking on at some horrid rite of satan-
ism against which not even his sophisti-
cation was proof.

  “There is the worst man in London,”
came Muriel’s whisper. "The man in the
farther corner, facing us. Study him if
you care to know the power of evil to
write itself in human features.”

   He stared at the man intently, admit-
ting that Muriel’s description seemed
justified by the deliberate iniquity which
peeped out of the face, pale, strong,
handsome with a type of satanic beauty
which Anthony knew must be insidiously
alluring to women; cruel with a refined,
intelligent, conscious cruelty; evil with
the suggestion of subtle, nameless sins.

   “Who is he?” he asked, without shift-
ing his gaze from the face.

   “He passes here as Monsieur Fleury,”
she whispered, “but the name is patently
an alias. No one knows whence he came
nor why, but he has built up an impreg-
nable position in this underworld by and
through his power over women, high and
low. It is he who founded this club and
others like it. Through the women who

come here, he has power which reaches
far out into politics and business; and he
uses it as evilly as one would guess from
seeing him. He is not bad for gain or
from weakness, but for the sheer love of
evil If there is a devil, he must be this
man’s counterpart. The—the woman
with him is his newest conquest. Poor,
pitiable fool—see her lean toward him!
As if he could be touched by her little
parlor-tricks of eyes and smiles and
speech!”

  He stared, fascinated, at the woman’s
gleaming shoulders and back. She had
seemed to possess some mysterious power
to bring home the horrors of the place to
him. He heard a sharp quarrel from the
table next his own—a woman sobbing
under her breath and a man’s low tones
tense with anger. Far away he thought
he caught the whir and click of roulette.
He was dimly aware that from time to
time people canie and went through the
thick hangings which hid doors leading
farther into this temple of sublimated sin,
and subconsciously guessed their errand
to be in quest of something deeper and
uglier than the evils of the dancing-
room. With an effort, he forced his
mind to its normal sanity.

  “Why did you bring me to this little
comer of hell?” he asked. “What has it
all to do with—”

  “Look!” Her voice cut through his
speech like the sudden slashing sweep of
a sword; her hand gripped his wrist
with 3 tense, hysterical clutch which sent
a thrill of half-physical pain along his
nerves. He followed her glance again.
Monsieur Fleury had risen, and, as the
woman preceded him from the room, she
turned so that for an instant Jessop saw
her face. He gasped, half rising from
his seat. The heavy silken hangings
swayed behind them before he recovered
from the first cold stupor of surprise.
Where or why they had gone did not
matter; the woman’s face had been
enough. Plainly written on its beauty lay
the confession of the ugly truth. If this
BLAIR HALL

117

  were, in sootn, a temple of Sathanas,
then the woman at whom he stared trans-
fixed was high priestess of its dreadful
cult. And the woman was Lillian Jes-
sop—his wife!

  He did not remember how he escaped
from the suffocating atmosphere of the
club. He found himself again in Mu-
riel’s car before his thoughts had settled
to an ordered and continuous current.
Muriel was whispering to him :

  "Forgive me, Anthony, but it was the
truest kindness to let you see it for your-
self. I could not have told you so that
you would understand; and you had to
know—you had to know.”

   “How' did you find that hideous place?”
he demanded. “What brought you
there ?”

  “That requires explanation indeed,”
she said quickly. “I went there because
I heard that she was there. It is not
hard to contrive an entree—these differ-
ent worlds overlap one another in Lon-
don. I saw' her there last night. I wired
for you on the chance that she would
come again to-night. That is all.”

  He was silent again, his mind in the
grip of disillusion. For a few short
weeks he had allowed himself to cling to
the fond belief that the leopard’s spots
may change, that the human heart may
cleanse itself, the soul of a woman
struggle upwrard from the mire. Now
he knew, knew beyond peradventure. that
he had been self-deceived, that Lillian's
apparent regeneration was but an interval
of rest from her diversions, that Muriel
was right about her. The woman at his
side seemed to follow' his thought. She
leaned against him with a surrender
wonderfully intoxicating to the man who
knew her pride so well.

  "Will you believe me now, Anthony?”
she whispered. “Will you—“

  With an oath that was half prayer ris-
ing to his lips, he took her into his arms
and kissed her—kissed her on eyes and
hair and throat as she lay passively in

his embrace. The car halted at her door
before he came back to his senses. He
would have followed her in, but she
smilingly refused.

   “I could not trust myself to-night, An-
thony, she said softly, “no, nor you,
dearest. Come to me to-morrow at
three.”

   He came down the steps stupidly, his
intoxication ebbing as swiftly as it had
risen. By the time he stood on the pave-
ment, he had realized that he had made
a hideous mistake in permitting his an-
cient passion for Muriel to reassert it-
self, that he cared nothing for her, that
already he had begun to hate her for her
part in the tragedy of the night.

   He walked back to his hotel, scarcely
conscious of the pain in his injured
knee. In his rooms he threw off his
evening clothes, but shrank from the
thought of bed. After a cold tub he
dressed again, in tweeds now, and as the
first glow of dawn began to break
through the mirk of the eastern sky, he
reached a decision. He packed his bag
hastily, summoned a porter, and despatch-
ed it to the station. Paying his bill, he
took a taxicab and ordered the driver to
take him to the address he had thought-
fully secured from Mrs. Henderson.

  Pie found himself in the gaudily
furnished reception-room of Lillian’s
flat, facing the woman who. for better or
worse, was his wife—the woman he was
condemned to love until he died. So
much, at least, his night's vigil had taught
him. He could no more pluck Lillian
Jessop from his heart than he could pluck
the heart itself from his body.

  He marveled at the sight of her.
Though with his own eves he had seen
her. Hushed with alcohol and perhaps
still more insidious drugs, only a few'
hours since, in the midst of the luxur-
iously vicious surroundings of London s
worst temple of sin. he found himself
doubting the evidence of his senses and
his memory as he gazed at the clear-eyed
woman who faced him. She was pale,
118

.ILIAS MRS. JESSOP

and there was something like terror in
her distended eyes, but it was incredible
that she could have so completely ef-
faced the traces of her last-night’s orgy
in so short a space. She was dressed in
some loose, flimsy negligee affair, but it
was the sole touch of the intimate in her
appearance, as powerless to contradict
the evidence of her face and eyes as if a
marble statue were to be garbed ir« a
silken matinee.

  “What is it, Anthony?** she asked. He
thought her voice strange, and ascribed
it to fright and guilt.

  “You need nc*t trouble to act a part
with me,” he said curtly. “I saw you
last night. I know what brings you to
London. We may dispense with pre-
tense. I have come to bring you home to
Mocks Grace. Dress as quickly as you
can. There is a train at eight fifteen.”

  He saw a swift light Hash in her eyes,
an involuntary softening curve the cor-
ners of her mouth, as though the pros-
pect tempted her, and an illogical hope
stirred within him.

  "I—I can't go quite so soon. An-
thony,” she said- "I—I muse wait here
until my—my cousin. Mrs. Dennison,
comes home. If you will come hack at
noon. I will go with you. But please go
now and let me dress and pack.'’

  He laughed again, a harsh, unlovely
sound. "Ill wait here, thanks," he said.
“I don’t care to trust you out of my
sight a^ain. Lillian You see. you hap-
pen to bear my name, and I’ve become a
little sensitive about it lately. Dress
and pack nowr. I can give you better
than an hour, and still catch the train.”

  Janet stared at him in sudden par.ic.
If Lillian should come in while he was
here t She must get rid of him at any
cost before his wife arrived to unmask
them both—even at the cost of going
with him. And she realized with a pars;
at her heart that nothing on earth seemed
so utterly desirable as that—every long-
ing. every instinct, every impulse,
shrieked at her to seize her chance.

 After all, under the circumstances,
would it not be best for them all for her
to return to Kent w ith Anthony, leaving
Lilliar. to plumb the pleasures of London
as long as she chose? Was there any
other course open to her? Could she—
“Very well,” she said, aloud. “I shall
need only a few moments. Wait here,
p ease—or no—perhaps you had best
come with me.”

  ”1 fully intended to do so.” he said
meaningly. ”1 shall not trust you out of
my sight until I have you safe at Monks
Grace.”

  She flushed hotly, and went into a tiny
sieeping-room opening off the larger
apartment. Jessop followed her. With-
out a word, she set about packing her
hag, and he, standing in the doorway,
looked on in silence. When she had fin-
ished she turned to him. a touch of color
glowing in her cheeks.

  “I must—dress now,” she said quietly.
“Would you mind shutting that door
until I have finished?”

  He came into the room and closed the
door behind him without a word. She
hesitated, her flush deepening, and then,
as if with a sudden resolution, turned
away. He watched her as she loosened
the fastening of her matinee, his eyes
smouldering. She slipped the filmy gar-
ment from her shoulders, and in spite

  *	himself he felt the thrall of her beauty
trong upon him. In the intimacy of
er disarray, she seemed suddenly so
utterly desirable that not even the mem-
ory of the night’s revelation sufficed to
’uiet the fierce impulse which surged up
w ithin him at the sight of her. the sheer,
semi-translucent garment she wore ac-
centing the cl-arm of the slender grace of
her figure, the rubescent damask skin of
arm and throat and breast. She slipped
swiftly into her traveling suit, her fingers
schooled by hundreds of quick costume
changes in tiny dressing-rooms to sure,
deft service, despite the stress of emo-
tions which seemed to paralyze her
thought.
BLAIR HALL

119

  When she had finished she faced him.
"I must write a note,” she said. “I can’t
go without a word to—to my cousin.”

  “Very well,” he agreed curtly; “but be
quick about it—and make it plain that
you are not returning—ever!”

  She scribbled a hurried explanation to
Lillian while he waited, knowing that
her cousin would be quick to fill in the
blanks which her haste made inevitable.
And she drew a deep breath of relief
when the cab puffed away from the door.
At least, they had escaped detection for
the moment. Whatever might happen
hereafter, it could not be as utterly
dreadful as facing Anthony Jessop in the
presence of his wife whose place she
had occupied for months! He did not
speak during the journey, and she found
plenty of time to wonder what it had
been that he had seen, what had worked
this sudden and startling change in him.
But she dared not ask, and he offered no
hint, not even when, in the privacy of the
library' at Monks Grace, he curtly issued
his ultimatum.

  “We need not enter into details,” he
said, with an impersonal coldness in his
voice which hurt her like a physical
blow. “I might divorce you, to be sure,
but I do not choose to court publicity for
myself; and, though I can divorce my
wife, there is no way in which my son
can divorce his mother. You have amply
proven your unfitness for an)' liberty of
action. You will stay here—a prisoner
in fact if not in name—and you will be-
have as decorously as you have shown
yourself capable of behaving during
these past fewr months. If you disobey,
I shall take steps far less to your liking.
That is ali.”

XI

  She wrote more fully to Lillian that
afternoon, unconsciously exaggerating
the unpleasantness of her own position
in her desperate desire to confirm that
irresponsible person in her tentative de-
cision to abandon the idea of returning
to her rightful place. She knew better

than to beg Lillian to stay away, her in-
stinctive estimate of her cousin’s char-
acter warning her that this would be the
surest way of persuading her to take
the first train for Monks Grace. In-
stead, she urged upon her the duty of
instantly forsaking the primrose paths
of nocturnal London for the thorny ways
of righteousness, and took pains to base
her appeal upon highly moral grounds.
She knew that the very sight of the
word duty would impress her cousin un-
pleasantly; she was quite certain that
her letter would incline that pleasure-
mad woman to steer as wide a course as
possible from that of her husband and
his acquaintances.

  Lillian justified this confidence admir-
ably. The return post brought a char-
acteristic scrawl from her, flatly refusing
to consider leaving London at present,
suggesting instead that as long as Janet
had foolishly allowed herself to be drag-
ged back there, she might stay as long
as she liked to let Jessop domineer over
her. She, Lillian, was enjoying herself
far too much to think of burying herself
in the country, especially now that An-
thony had set himself up as a family des-
pot.

  The letter both comforted and alarmed
Janet. Although she had no guess as
yet as to the details, she knew that in
some fashion Anthony’s path had
crossed Lillian’s in the vexed maze of
London night life, and that which had
happened once might easily happen
again. The knowledge that her cousin
was in England, only a few miles away
from her own secluded retreat, disturbed
her, disquieted her. She wished that
some miracle might recall her to the
States, and vaguely considered the advis-
ability of writing anonymously to Walter
Dennison, suggesting that he look out
for his errant spouse. She rejected the
idea as likely to prove ineffective at best,
and in any case an unworthy, rather dis-
honorable expedient. And she com-
forted herself with the reflection that it
120

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP

was easily probable that Anthony, be-
lieving his wife to be safe under his own
roof, would not repeat the London wan-
derings which had so nearly revealed the
secret to him.

  In this hope, at least, she resumed her
interrupted life with very little change
except for her relations with Jessop.
She continued her work in connection
with the charitable and religious organi-
zations, her intimacy with Lady Ann,
now a frequent visitor at Monks Grace,
her busy round of duties in her home
and among her hereditary retainers of
the estate, and her intense devotion
to Kenneth, all as though nothing had
risen to disturb the even tenor of her
ways. With Anthony, she was on terms
of distant politeness not wholly unlike
those which had characterized their ear-
lier relations. Indeed, so brief had been
their interlude of intimacy that not even
the servants observed any radical change
in the status of affairs at Monks Grace.
She saw little of him except at dinner,
when he took pains to conduct a suf-
ficiently friendly conversation to satisfy
Jubble’s alert ears. For the rest, he was
steadily more absorbed in the manage-
ment of the place, or in the military and
political activities of the neighborhood,
hi? swiftly improving health making it
possible for him to spend most of his
waking hours out of doors.

  The days slipped by without excite-
ment. Gradually Janet lost her anxiety
except for a lingering wish that Lillian
would recross the Atlantic and leave her
insecure position less perilous. It
seemed impossible, surrounded as she
•was by every evidence of acceptance on
the part of the household and the com-
munity, that anything could again dis-
turb the peaceful atmosphere of her ref-
uge. She did not easily reconcile her-
self to the look in Anthony’s eyes, and
his sedulous avoidance of her hurt her
afresh each time she observed it. She
admitted frankly to herself that she
Io\ed him, even though her puritanic

conscience reproved her for the thought
as for a deadly sin, and it cut her cruelly
to read in his glance a cold dislike which
was almost loathing. But she was rea-
sonable enough to realize that, for all its
unpleasantness, this attitude on his part
spelt safety for them both from the senti-
ment toward which they had uncon-
sciously strayed. She knew fairly well
how' near she had been to surrender
when Lillian's telephone-message had
brought her to her senses, and realized
with a kind of gratitude to that unwitting
instrument of Providence how mi’^h
worse matters would have been had th
message delayed another hour or t". o. It
hurt her that the man she loved should
scorn and distrust her, but it was easier
to bear than to have him love her.

  Only once did he return to the subject
of her London sojourn It was when t! e
news arrived that the two sons of the
Earl of Wycke had perished in an ill-
fated attack on the Turkish positions ;:t
the Dardanelles, and that only the feel e
age of the old Eari stood between An-
thony and the title. He brought her the
word as she wrote busily in her own lit-
tle study, and her reception of the tid-
ings seemed to soften him.

  “Oh. the poor Earl!” she cried. “How-
terrible for him!"

  He hesitated a moment. “You’ll l.e
a countess after all, you know." he sug-
gested, after a pause. “I suppose that
makes all this sort oi thing worth while,
eh?" He waved a hand as if to include
the house and all its homely duties in the
gesture. She flashed quickly.

  “Please don't, Anthony." she said
quietly. “Whatever I've done. I’ve
given you no right to accuse me of that
meanness. Give—give the devil his due,
please."

  He bit his lip. “You’re quite right."
he said quickly. “I beg your pardon.
And I’d like to add that T*m not ur.ap-
preciative of the way you’ve accepted the
situation here since—since your return.

I—I rather expected you to sulk and
BLAIR HALL

121

fret. I realize how vastly different it
is from—from your corner of London,
and I'm genuinely grateful to you for
the way you’ve played the game, Lil-
lian.’’

  She hesitated. The truth rose unbid-
den to her lips; she longed to throw her-
self on his mercy, to tell him the heart
of the riddle, to enlighten him once for
all as to her character and her motives.
The thought of letting him continue to
misjudge her so cruelly seemed unen-
durable. But her innate good sense prer
vailed. She compromised.

  "You needn’t thank me,” she said
quietly. "It’s strange, I know', but when
I’m here I seem to be a different person.
1 couldn’t act otherwise than I do if I
tried. It’s not pretense on my part—
it’s as natural as breathing. I wonder
if you can understand that?”

  “I'll try,” he said shortly. "I—I
thought you’d be more excited about this
news of mine.”

  “I'm terribly sorry for the Earl,” she
repeated. “As for the rest of it, I—I
wish it were somebody else. I like it
here—I don’t want to change this for
anything else.”

  He stared at her, his eyebrows arch-
ing. “And you used to rail at me be-
cause I’d married you under false pre-
tenses!” he said drily. "You used to
say that you’d expected to be a countess
at once or—”

  “Anthony,” she interrupted steadily,
"I’ve said and done many things for
which I am heartily sorry. Can’t we
keep on the fresh page instead of going
back to the blotted ones ? It does no good
to either of us to open the old wounds.”
He flushed. "I apologize once more.
You see, Lillian, you’re such a riddle to
me that I forget my manners in my itch
to find the answer. Looking at you now,
hearing you speak, knowing as I do how
vou spend your time, it seems incredible
that you can be the same woman who—”
"I’m not the same woman,” she said
Lluntly, with a strange joy in uttering

the simple truth for once, even though
in her next breath she meant to renew
the falsehood. “There are many per-
sonalities in every one of us. The one
in me which does the things you see me
doing here isn’t the one who—who hurt
you. Anthony. Try to believe that—it
will help you to understand.”

  He seemed to soften toward her after
this interview, although still on his guard
against the appeal of her better self to
which he had yielded to his cost. They
sometimes spent an hour or two of an
evening in the library, chatting pleasantly
enough over the affairs of the estate or
the community. Now and again when
their paths chanced to coincide he rode
in her car or took her in his. Several
times they dined at neighboring houses,
and insensibly approached their old har-
mony in their going and returning
drives. He found himself curiously
proud of her after these occasions, tak-
ing a strange pleasure in her quiet, re-
strained dignity of bearing, in her clear,
jewel-like beauty, her faultless taste in
dress, the charm of her voice and the
good-humored wit of her conversation.
They were fast approaching their
former footing of friendliness when his
old suspicions were awakened by a new
development.

  Janet had long since mastered the in-
tricacies of her cousin’s signature Her
check had been honored from the be-
ginning. principally, perhaps, because
they reached her bankers bearing en-
dorsements which made suspicion on
their part absurd, but she had patiently
perfected her imitation until it was al-
most exactly the hurried scrawl which
Lillian used! She felt safe now in with-
drawing her savings from the Chicago
bank and depositing them to her crcdit
as Lillian Tessop in the London banking-
house. She did not know why she did
this, except that it gave her a feeling of
greater security to have her funds where
she could reach them quickly. She had
never used all of the allowance which
122

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP

Anthony’s solicitors placed to her credit
quarterly, and, according to her check-
book, she had nearly seven thousand
pounds on deposit—six thousand of
which represented the accumulated pay-
ments of Michael Forde to his wayward
niece. She was stunned, therefore, to re-
ceive a letter from the bank advising
her that her account was overdrawn by
some fifty pounds and requesting a re-
mittance to cover the deficit. At first
she assumed that it was nothing more
serious than a clerical error, but an ex-
change of letters quickly proved that
hope groundless. Her money was spent
—every penny of it! And except for a
few small drafts of her own, every penny
of it had been drawn in cash by her
cousin.

  This was bad enough. Her next
quarter’s allowance would not fall due
for six weeks; there were a number of
household accounts to be paid, and that
overdraft of fifty-odd pounds to be met
at once, but, to make matters infinitely
worse, a letter from Lillian calmly ad-
mitted the theft and demanded an instant
remittance under penalty of exposure to
Jessop! There was nothing for it save
an appeal to Anthony for an advance
against next quarter, and, to Janet’s in-
tense relief, he not only granted the sum
she asked, but doubled it.

   “I owe you something,” he said affably,
as he blotted the check. “This isn’t the
allowance at all—it’s a little token of ap-
preciative gratitude from me for the way
you’ve played the game.”

  She thanked him breathlessly, and
hurried to post the check to her bankers.
She wrote to Lillian, promising funds at
once, but wisely refraining from sending
a check with the letter. It was just as
well that her cousin should continue to
regard the account as exhausted for the
present. Instead, on her next trip to the
village, she cashed a check and sent the
proceeds to Lillian in notes. But it was
useless; she had counted too confidently
on her cousin’s habit of taking things for

granted. A week later another commu-
nication from her bankers demanded the
repayment of a second overdraft! Lil-
lian had been quicker than she had

thought!

  She dared not go to Anthony again;
she was at her wits’ end when it oc-
curred to her to cable Michael Forde.
Twelve hours after her message had
been filed she had her answer.

  Two thousand pounds to your credit by
cable to-day positively no more this year stop
extravagance Forde.

  She could have wept with relief, de-
spite her sorrow in the discovery that
Lillian had already exhausted Michael
Forde’s generosity and injured, if not
destroyed, his new conception of the
daughter he adored. Wiser now, she
wired her bankers to repay the over-
draft and forward the remaining funds
to her in the form of a draft. She wrote
Lillian that her account with them had
been closed and warned her against
further attempts to draw against either
them or her father. For the moment,
she felt secure. It added to her peace
of mind to learn that Anthony had been
summoned in haste to Wycke, to spend
two days or more with the broken old
man whose heir he had become. He
had hardly set out on his journey north,
however, when a frantic telegram from
Lillian demanded her instant presence in
London. She pondered for an hour be-
fore she yielded. Then, with a hastily-
packed bag, she caught the express.

  She found her cousin desperately in
need of money, utterly proof against
persuasion, expostulation, and reason-
ing alike, intent only upon securing a
supply of hard cash. Nothing else
would serve, and she must have it in-
stantly. Against her better judgment
Janet agreed to furnish a further ad-
vance. She had brought with her the
draft which represented her uncle’s gift,
and by dint of haste reached the bank
which had drawn it before closing hour,
securing a new draft for a sum smaller
BLAIR HALL

123

by five hundred pounds, and the balance
in notes, which she turned over to Lil-
lian, making it as plain as she could to
her sullen, defiant cousin that no more
funds would be forthcoming until the
next quarter-day, and that the amount
available then would be strictly limited.
They parted coldly. Janet thoroughly dis-
gusted, Lillian resentful and sulky. Jan-
et attended to a number of accumulated
errands, dined at a quiet hotel, and re-
turned to Monks Grace by the late train.
Some hours later Lillian saw her last
counter follow its predecessors into the
croupier’s clutches, and replenished her
store by writing a check for Monsieur
Jacques Fleury, known to his acquaint-
ances as the worst man in London. The
slip of paper cost Monsieur Fleury five
hundred guineas, but he smiled amiably
when the Suburban and Oriental Bank-
informed him that, though genuine, it
was worthless. Worthless! It was re-
markable how dull-w'itted bankers could
be!

XII

 "Mr. Jacques Fleury.”

  Janet’s brows arched as she glanced
at the card. "Did he mention his er-
rand, Jubble?” she inquired.

  "He said you would be expecting him,
ma'am.”

  "I’ll see him.” decided Janet, remem-
bering that Lady Ann had spoken of re-
ferring a French Red Cross agent to her,
and concluding that this was he. She
entered the reception-room with an ex-
pression of cordial welcome which faded
instantly as she faced her caller. Total
stranger as the man was, there was that
in his eves, in the thin, cruel lips, the
smile which was almost a sneer, which
repelled her instinctively.

  "You wished to see me, Monsieur ?”
she asked coldly, as the man did not
speak.

  "On business of a delicate and private
nature, Madame.” He bowed low.
Janet motioned Jubble to go, instinctively

making sure that she was within reach
of the bell. Fleury waited until the
sound of Jubble’s padded step had died
away, and then, with a catlike stealth,
sprang to the door and glanced to each
side along the corridor. Janet stared
blankly as he turned.

  "You were foolish to dream that you
could escape me,” he said softly, com-
ing toward her. "And here, where of all
places I should seek you first! I forgive
you the injury to my devoted heart, but
not the slight to my intelligence.”

 “You are making some absurd mis-
take, Monsieur,” said Janet, her heart
pounding at her throat, but her manner,
thanks to the long habit of the stage,
calmly cold. "You speak as if you were
acquainted with me, despite the fact that
I have never seen you before. If you
have business with Mrs. Anthony' Jes-
sop, be good enough to state it at once;
if not—” She reached for the bell.
He checked her quickly with a gesture
which she obeyed by instinct.

  "There is no mistake, unless you ring
that bell,” he said, his lips drawing back
from his gleaming, predatory teeth in a
mirthless smile. "It is the first time that
I have met Mrs. Anthony Jessop, but
am I not fairly familiar to—shall we
say, Mrs. Dennison? It would be in-
discreet to summon servants to hear that
which I have come to say to—Mrs. Jes-
sop.”

 Janet managed to smile. "If you
know Mrs. Dennison,” she said, ‘‘your
mistake is easy to pardon. She is my
cousin, and resembles me very closely in-
deed. But Mrs. Dennison is in London.”

  "Was in London,” he amended. “Per-
mit me to say that the resemblance is re-
markable, Madame. Yes. extraordinary!
Mrs. Dennison is not here, then:”

  "Monsieur,” said Janet icily, “your
manner displeases me. I think this inter-
view has gone quite far enough.” Again
she stretched out her hand to ring, and
again he checked her with the same odd-
ly imperative gesture.
124

ALIAS MRS. JESSOP

  “Let us have done with fencing,
Janet," he said sharply. "You are mad
to imagine that I could be deceived by a
trick so transparent. It annoys me that
you should so underrate my intelligence.
Be good enough to drop your foolish
pose. The time fcas come for us to un-
derstand each other plainly.”

  "I assure you that you are in error,
Monsieur. I cannot listen to a conver-
sation intended for another. If you will
not leave me—”

  His eyes hardened. "Janet, you are
doing a very dangerous thing. You are
annoying me after I have warned you.
I do not warn twice. You evidently
realize the precarious position in which
you stand, or you would not have tried
to escape me by leaving London and
coming here. Let me make it clear to
you that it is my intention to utilize
that position—and my fortunate know-
ledge of it—to the utmost. If you have
been under the illusion that my attitude
toward you was dictated by any—tend-
erness, disabuse your mind of it at once.
I have cultivated you deliberately in
order to make you useful to me. Am I
quite plain?*’

  "Quite. And now, since you refuse to
heed my requests for your leaving, I
am obliged to—” Again Janet’s hand
hovered over the bell, to abandon its in-
tent in obedience to the quick gesture.
His eyes glinted dangerously.

  "Enough! You want the servants
even less than I do. I know it—you
know it. Listen to me carefully. I hold
your check for five hundred guineas—a
check which you knew to be worthless
when you gave it—in return for cash.”
"You are in error,” persisted Janet,
though with a cold thrill at her heart.
"If Mrs. Dennison gave you a check—as
I imagine she did—”

  "A check signed Lillian Forde Jes-
sop, remember!” he interrupted, his
mirthless, menacing smile reappearing.

  "Then, I can account for the non-
payment. The check is one drawn prior

to the removal of my account, which—
which I believed to have been destroyed.
1—I will cash it for you, if that is what
brings you.”

  "You have not enough money to buy
that check from me, Janet—nor will you
have when you are the Countess of
Wycke. But since you insist upon your
foolish fiction of resemblance, let me tell
you at once that I saw you write the
check! You thought yourself unob-
served. but you were not! And the
check which Mrs. Dennison signed with
Mrs. Jessop’s name is declared by Mrs.
Jessop's bankers to be genuine. Let us
be frank with each other, please.”

  Janet’s brain reeled. For the moment
her self-command left her. Panic
clutched icily at her heart. Monsieur
Jacques Fleury observed her pallor with
that same vulpine gleam of teeth which
passed as a smile.

  "Mrs. Dennison and Mrs. Jessop hav-
ing been proved to be one and the same
person, and the proof thereof in the
form of that check and of several rather
indiscreet notes in the same peculiar
script, let us proceed.”

  "Leave this house!” Janet’s numbed
faculties could suggest no better re-
sponse. The worst man in London shook
his head, almost sadly.

  "Janet, why will you compel me to be
brutal with you?” he reproved her. "Do
you not realize what this means to me—
to me who have seen the entry' on the
register at St. George’s—the signature
in your admitted and proved hand, show-
ing beyond question that while you were
still Anthony Jessop's lawful w’ife you
married Walter Dennison?” He paused,
watching her terror with keen apprecia-
tion. "This means, dear lady, that
whenever I choose to communicate with
the police you will find yourself facing
a charge of bigamy—a charge on which
you will indubitably be convicted.”

  “You—you wouldn’t!” It was the
only reply she could find. He smiled
again.
BLAIR HALL

125

  "Of course not—unless you persist in
your folly of opposing my wishes. I
have little to gain from bringing you to
public shame and a prison sentence—ex-
cept the moral effect which such a cat-
astrophe would exert upon certain other
indiscreet ladies who are sometimes so
ill-advised as to be refractory. I should
take such a step with the most extreme
reluctance.”

  "Then, what do you want?” She was
afraid of him now, almost as terrified
as she would have been had she known
him for the merciless scoundrel he was.

  "To-day—nothing. Eventually a great
deal. As the Countess of Wycke, your
friendship will be of value to me in
many ways. You will invite me to your
home—introduce me to your acquaint-
ances—assist me in making this unas-
sailable position of substantial value as
I may direct. This visit is purely one
of admonition. I wished you to under-
stand at once where you stood—to pun-
ish you a little for thinking so poorly of
my intelligence as to try to run away
from me.”

  "Lillian!” Anthony Jessop’s voice
broke in upon the half-stupor which
possessed her. like an accusing cry of
conscience. She turned to see him, pale,
tense, standing at the door of the little
writing-room. Fleury, who must have
been no less startled than she by the
sudden advent of her husband, showed
no sign of embarrassment. He bowed
and glanced at her as if to await her
presentation.

  "Anthony—this man—this man—”
She could find no words. She only knew
that all her heart cried out for the pro-
tection and championship which she had
a wife’s right to except from this cold,
stern Englishman, and her instinct
brought her blindly to him. He disen-
gaged himself from her impulsive clasp,
thrusting her swiftly, though not without
a certain chivalrous gentleness, to one
side, so that he might the better confront
her persecutor.

  "Mr. Fleury, I believe.” His voice was
toneless. Fleury bowed low.

  "It is an honor indeed to discover that
I am known to Mr. Jessop,” he said.

  “The word sounds strange on the lips
of a blackmailer,” said Anthony calmly.
"I heard enough of your conversation to
my wife to place you accurately. You
have chosen a trade which, to offset
its dirt, has a certain element of safety.
I fancy you consider that you are safe
even now.”

  "That is my impression.” Fleury
took the insult without a quiver, though
his eyes flickered with a sudden gleam
at the one ugly word. Jessop laughed.

  "Fleury—if that is your name—you
were never more mistaken in your pesti-
lent career—except once. The single
exception concerns a rather more serious
mistake than your present error, how-
ever. You would probably shriek un-
pleasantly in the dock. It is that which
persuades me to the folly'- of giving you
forty-eight hours to leave the country.
I should suggest that you avoid—shall
we say?—Paris. Fleury. That is all.
You may go.” He rang the bell.

  The worst man in London wavered.
He opened his lips to speak, thought bet-
ter of it, and bowed instead. A measure
of his normal poise returned to him with
the gesture.

  "Threatened men live long, I believe,-’
he remarked suavely, "especially when
the threat is founded upon what our
American friends call bluff. But I in-
trude upon an affecting domesticity. A
thousand pardons. Au revoir, Mad-
ame.”

  He made a noiseless exit before the
inscrutable Jubble. Jessop surveyed
Janet in silence. She could not collect
her wits. A vast desire to justify her-
self in those cold, searching eyes ob-
sessed her.	n

  "It’s all a frightful mistake, Anthony,
she cried. "You must believe in me.
Whatever I’ve done, that man has r.o
place or part in my life! I never saw
126

THE ROSE O' SHAME

him until I found him here just now.
I-”

 “You forget that I brought you home
from London because I objected to find-
ing you at probably the worst den in the
city with that man,” he said. “I’ve
driven him off .for the moment, by the
wildest kind of blind bluff, but he isn’t
beaten. Lies will only make matters
worse. I suggest that you tell me the
truth by way of variety, Lillian. Is it
true that you married some one else

 (The fourth and concluding part

while I was away, a* he said he could
prove? Let me know the worst at once,
please. And I hope you realize the truth
would be advisable just now."

    Her lips were framing her denial when
Jubble appeared at the doorway. She
took the card from his salver mechan-
ically, and the room swam as she read
the name it bore. Anthony caught her
as she swayed, and took the card from
her hand. He read it aloud:

   Walter Dennison!

this story will be published in the Second

of

 March Number, on sale February 18.)

        THE ROSE O’ SHAME

 By Dick R. Walker

           T)AINT your cheeks with the rose o’ shame;

                  Tis the flower men buy with the reddest gold
            And wanton, harlot, and courtezan,

            Have flaunted its bloom since the world began—

            O rose o’ shame as the centuries old!

             ’Tis the flower that bloomed ’neath the Eden-tree,

            With the knowledge and passion that came to man.
            Where once in your cheeks bloomed the lily-flower,
            Now the rose o’ shame knows a sultry hour,

             O rose o’ shame since the world began !

 'J'HERE are lots of hard falls but the man who falls over the big bluff he him-
    self put up, gets the hardest fall of all.
“CHASTE LUCY”

OR

CHASING THE CHASER

FROM the avalanche of jingles which descended upon our defenseless heads,
we are inclined to think that an anxious world has been awaiting “Chaste
Lucy’s” advent to display its' poetic fervor in four-line effusions. Hun-
dreds, thousands, mil—no, not millions, though we almost said it. We instinctive-
ly think of millions when we contemplate the stack of mail, but truth compels
us to refrain, at least for another few days. Then, no doubt, “millions” will be
correct.

    At any rate, there was quite enough to show us that “Chaste Lucy” had met
with instant popularity, and to enable us to select the following offerings from
among those submitted.

    Some of our readers expressed disappointment because we did not publish
any jingles in the Second February Issue, but as that issue went to press before
the day of publication of the first issue in which the announcement of the contest
was made, naturally we had no jingles to publish, so we are sure that you will
understand, and we hope you will enjoy the following:

This is modest, even if unhygienic.	Clear case for the S. P. C. A.

PERHAPS A VACUUM-CLEANER
Lucy never wanders from

WE SUSPECT THE COW

 The straight and narrow path.
 She even keeps on all her clothes

 Lucy is so pure, so good,
 She really can’t endure

 Whene’er she takes a bath!

 To take a simple drink of milk
 If she thinks it impure!

Now, what d'ye think of that? Or this?
THERE ARE OTHERS

Saves dusting—though on second thought.

 there’re other ways of raising the dust.

FLUFFY RUFFLES

 Lucy is so good, so pure,

 So virtuous, forsooth,

 There are folks say she hesitates
 To tell the naked truth!

 Lucy is so good, so pure,
 Immodesty her plagues.

 Why, even all her furniture
 Has panties on its legs!
128

“CHASTE LUCY”; OR, CHASING THE CHASER

 Oh, tut, tut!

RECOMMENDED FOR THE IVIN
TER GARDEN ALSO
Lucy’s so chaste, in winler-time
Smoked glass her eyesight dims,

 So she'll not have to gaze upon
 The trees with naked limbs!

 Remember, if you don’t like these, we didn t
 write ’em.

HOW ABOUT WHEN SHE DRAWS
IT OFF?

 Lucy is so good, so pure,

 She’s neirer bold or shocking.

 She even closes tight her eyes
 When she draws on her stocking!

 Well, we don’t admire 'em either—for
 women.

AN UNPAID-FOR ADVERTISE-
MENT
Lucy is so good, so pure,

 Front wickedness she flees.

 Her room must be quite dark before
 She’ll don her B. V. D.’s!

 Bowwow! Every dog must have its day.

GOING TO THE DOGS
To a dog-shmu once did Lucy go—

 Her recklessness she rued.

 A hairless dog from Mexico
 Did shock much—’twas nude!

 Can't help wondering if he’d ever want to.

HE’S A SHAMELESS LITTLE BEG-
GAR

 Lucy’s so chaste, if Cupid bold
 Should undertake to spear her,

 He’d have to put on lots of clothes
 Before he could get near her!

 Well, we don’t blame her. Still, with the
 high cost of living—

SHE WOULDN’T MARRY ONE,
EITHER
Lucy is so pure, so good
(To tell this we are glad),

 She will not even eat an egg
 If she thinks it is bad!

    There are ten choice gems from the inspired pens of some of our readers.
In the next issue we shall furnish more if we are able to dig our way out from
the horde that threatens to overwhelm us (after our experience in digging
through these envelopes, we will be invaluable in the Sapper and Miner Corps
if the United States goes to war—the trench-diggers will have nothing on us).

    Oh, but here is something we want lo tell you. We do not wish any one
to think that we are ridiculing purity or chastity. We respect and reverence
both. The “Chaste Lucy” whose characteristics are celebrated in rhyme is rep-
resentative merely of false modesty, of hypocritical virtue. We’ve no patience
with such traits. There w'as a time when the fact that ladies had legs was care-
fully concealed. Those were the days when a pale complexion, a bird-like appe-
tite, and an ability to faint on the slightest provocation were admired attributes
of womanhood. But the girl of to-day is different. She can ride, row, swim,
play golf and tennis; she is healthy, full-blooded, vigorous. And she is just
as innocent, even if far less ignorant.
 1

SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

 For Sore Muscles

| Sprains, Cuts, Bruises

here is an antiseptic
| germicide and liniment—

i	one that is healing, cotiling and soothing—Ab-

jj	sorbin*, Jr., is more than a germicide, more than a

g	liniment—it is both. It means prompt relief from

|:	aches and pains—it keeps little cuts and bruises

§§	from becoming >c»mething more serious.

THAOL MARK ft*. W.i. PAT. Off.

is especially good for children's hurt- because it is so harm-
less and safe to use—made of pure herbs and contains no
acids or minerals.

It is needed daily in and about the home—for the numerous
little hurts that come through work in the kitchen and about
the house, the stable, the garage and the grounds. Use and
prescribe Abaorbinc, Jr., wherever a high-grade liniment of
germicide is indicated.

To reduce inflammatory conditions—sprains, wrenches,
painful, swollen veins <»r gland*.

To reduce bursal enlargements and infiltrations. Ahsorbine, Jr., is a discutient anil
resolvent.

To allay pain anywhere—its anodyne effect is prompt and permanent.

To spray the throat if sore or infected—a I0*> or 2&< solution of Ahsorbine, Jr.. i'
healing and soothing and will destroy bacteria.

To heal cuts, brui>es. lacerations, sores and ulcers.

Used by athletes the world over as an invigorating, antiseptic and soothing rundown—
keeps muscles right and prevents a second-day soreness and sliffness.

Ahsorbine, Jr., Is concentrated, rniuirinj unty a few drop* at an afj«l»c,aiioti ■«>•!
rrtaininf it* (cnnicidiil pnwm cten when diluted one part Ab*aliinC. Jr..
parts water.

IT KILLS GERMS

 Walter Johnson,

  ifa* fuaost pfcWr, **y»i

  *‘Wtsorbifif, Jr., is
  a first iluij hntmtHl
  /t tired muscles. I
  ^crif *•-»<■J it myself
  t* adr 11 nIil,ir tlMif tun
  krarUiy rtfpmmend
  it 1o boll-/layers
  erer ytphsre.

WO

"Evidence,” a forty-eight page booklet, gives pwitiw, clear-cul
of v>hat Ahsorbine. jr., has done and w 11 do. This booklet,
laboratory reports, i; free for the nsl.it)*. Absorbmc. Jr.. n ■
grist* a» $1.00 a bottle, or sent direct, all charges paid.

 emphatic t'
 thrr with •-

 by leadin*

A Liberal Trial Bottle

W. F. Young, P.D.F., 493 Temple St., Springfield, Mass.

j«t •«*» y.«r MOM ..4 ,44m «. the -*r*ia below. W off «n<i uni witk «« cent.. The	-«'>k —«>

Up-to-date women read Snappy Stories. Others don t

J
  Francis Perry Elliotts new novel

“THE VAGABOND DUKE”

_ * ________—

  IS UNIQUE. IT’S ONE OF THE CLEVEREST,
  SPRIGHTLIEST, GINGERIEST LOVE-STORIES
  YOU EVER READ. IT’S EVEN BETTER THAN
  HIS FAMOUS YARN “THE HAUNTED PAJAMAS.”
  AND IT’S PUBLISHED COMPLETE IN

THE MARCH “ROMANCE”

  THIS IS BUT ONE OF A HOST OF STRIKING
  FEATURES OF THIS ISSUE. THERE’S A RAFT
  OF SHORT STORIES—THE SPIRITED KIND.
  CROWDED WITH ACTION. AND WITH PLOTS
  THAT ARE NOT HACKNEYED

  SOME OF THE CONTRIBUTORS ARE:

J. ALLAN DUNN
ELLIOTT FLOWER
THOMAS GRANT SPRINGER
BARRY CONNERS
CHARLES WESLEY' SANDERS
C. H. DAVIDSON
ROBIN ANDERSON

OCTAVUS ROY COHEN .

J. U. GIESY
DWIGHT L. CLARE
THE GILBERTS
ALAN FOX
H. H. FARISS

ELLA MORROW SOLLENBERGER

3*" USE THIS COUPON TO-DAY AND SAVE TWENTY CENTS

    THE NEW FICTION PUBLISHING CO.. 35 West jgth Street, New York.

    Fndosrd find twenty-five cents. for which please send the March. April, and May
issues of Romance. If 1 like this magazine and wish to subscribe to it. you agree to count
this 25c, as paid on my subscription, and to send me the magazine tor one full year for
$US additional and let me keep these trial copies FREE.

Naim-....................................Street or P. O.

City......................................State..........
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

 A NEW WAY

To Get Your Clothes Free

         NEW PUN TO MAKE BIG MONEY
         DURJNG YOUR SPARE TIME

            Somethin? different — better,
            biRger, more liberal than any
            offer ever made. Lower prices—
            better clothes—biRger cash prof-

             'its—Express paid on everything.

Double Pay

             FREE clothes and cash profits be-
             sides. We don't ask you to use
             your cash profits for your
             own clothes. Ours is a new and
             better plan.

              An Extra Pr«*en( with every order.
              Not a pn;« scheme. Choose what
              you want, work for it and get it be-
              sides your Cash Profit*. Agent's
              Complete Outfit FREE. fifty-six
              SLV • f*’3* cloth samples—fi/ty
              Fashion Plate*. Inside wholesale
              prices. Everything FREE. Get into
              the big money-making elasa. Just
              put your name on a post card and
              r	mail :t to os today.	r~-

 SPENCER MEAD CO..DePt 193.Oilcan..

a Box (DURO SHIRTS

wear like iron

                          Sprci*Jiri*{ cn tkis Kx
                          t*is ejftr .-S3 Dl 'RO <^u.T-*ntecd Shirti
                          Jrrtt	ty f&reel fit ,-n receipt

 !- Hands, ~ie ti. M tieinc.'ud-dfer n jtnt
 .1 id address cf 5friends. St.ney ta.it if
 f.caied. The bifjcs: selling and most
 l.itnous bo* o{ shirts in the World. Advertised
 ‘0 Iciling migxrines. Guaranteed not t*
 sHrmi. f.\sit r-.p in si* months weir, or new
 shirts hr-- Muir of white per-ile with neat
 stripes ' Itilae. Muck, andUvender. One ofeach
 oslor !\m* »ire. C.**t style, caffs stta lied. laundered and fashionable.
 Sixes 14 to I* Sleeve J) Tie Is stylish wldr-end four-in-hand ol navy
 !■: nr silk pop'ln- A good box for the Eonry and =ell ». rth .i mil. Order
 to-day. H!|j!>e«t hank .— tercnceS- Catal. c ol Shirts oj all kinds. Neck-
 Hooeiy, H. i*rr;lneft. I’n !rr»rar. F-ijamas and Nightshirts.
 Room t 2B. COOOEUL * COMPANY, 15>C. 3«th SI.. New York.
 The /.I'i * — ii. .—drr lit, Tt * - . e in t't II 'rr.'d.

MONEY BACK

V2 Saved on Diamonds

A Firm Over GO Year• Old offers hi eh ende diamonds

That’* what oitr customer's

 at U> let SO per Cfi > Ptf ^arkft .

 kt(rr>*ay-_por bu«in*-.»l»duur*.-;*! taanidn*. We loan metier ms htata BT*de
 duunuiuU. They Wore lort«t»d and now oficrnd to yon at asp kid loan pcteea.

 Write for New Bulletin

 Il l In*. No otollgatwm. loveatlotc thu ofi>or«unity today—now.

Jos. DeRoy & Sons >7ta

New Illustrated Book on

 Drugless Healing

    (M“_-------------

     FREE

                 tMECHANO-THERAPY)

Notonecent topay,either

_ new or later—noobliiration; just

                 your simple request brings you this valuable
                 l.lustmtv-d Book and beautifully colored AnutomiraJ
                 Oiurts by n (am mail. Without Coat. Doctor* of

            . „*£H£"££r’p,$2500 to S6000 a Year

 If you want an eatabliHhi-d profession that is r>-markably proiifable—
 Ujea send for the free Hook and Charts and see what Drugt.-sa Healing
 has toolT.r you. H> niem!x>r—This Offer Is Limitcdl VS rite now for
 tr»« liouk and ("harts. Get the facts. Send letter NOW.

kxtnat CaUtte ol MccfiaBft-TfiCf??y. 81 W. tondolpa StDtp‘.501 Oiqct.

HYPNOTISM

 Anyone can quickly learn at home to
 wield this marvelous influence that
 fills life with uilurinjt po«eibiliti« and
 make* one supr«an« master of himself.
 Write today for tho book. "Flint s
 lessons in Hypnotism." It >• free.
 Fli.t Cflllwe. to*. SI4 F Clerelaa^, 0.

and You Keep This Superb

New Edison

 An astounding offer—the preat New

 Edison with the new Diamond Stylus repro-
 ducer and your choice of all the brand new Diiunoiid
 Amberal Records w ill be sent to you on free trial with-
 out a Denny down. The finest, the best that mouejrenn
 buy at very very much less than the price at which
 imitations of the Pennine Edison are offered—a
 rock-bottom offer direct from us.

Entertain Your Friends

 Hear all the latest up-to-d.ite sonir hits of
 the bi* cities. Laueh until the t- >rs stream down
 your face from Iniiglifntf at !he fumiii^t of niinHtn I
 •hows. Entertain your family ami rour inr-twi® witn
 thing from Grand C>i>*r» to Cooiic \ aau«rill« — ibtsn U yoa
 choose, scod the outfit	to as at oar expense.

Rock-Bottom Direct Offer

 If you wish to kctp Mr. Edi^»n‘s superb new in-
 stmmcnt. send os only 11,001 after th# frf« triaL raj lbs
 balance on tho easiest kind of monthly payments.

  Think of it — a $1.00 payment, and a frwdnltan;ia
  month to act Ibis brand now atyle outBt-th« I>.amood

 roJn^Xwii. no C. O. D., not onn cent to pay us
 >u ehooao to kuep the lnstrunieut.

Our New Edison
Catalog Sent Free /

 Your name and address on a a
 postal or a letter (or Just the ♦
 coupon) is enouph. No obt»«at'oos / -
 in aekma for the catalog. .Get	ms

        /

  this offer — whll* this offar f

  laata. tin out coupon today.

 F. K. BABSON

imUMU.
CMcaso, 111

Gentleman:	a^rtd

me • -ur New B-l»oo Cata-
lo« and full imrtieulars of
L>ut five Irial	on ft>e

* mod*I tu.Sk.3 FtnMdSVti.

  1223 Edison Block #
  Chicago, 1IL /

 Canadian Office:
 K3 P!»rt2*e Avu.
 Winnipeg1.
 Manitoba.

V.

 I* ytiUntt-

Nearly everybody reads Snappy Stories
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

Typewriter Sensation

Ribbon Rrwersa

Shift Kays

Greatest Typewriter
Bargain Ever Offered

 Only $2.00 a month until the bargain pricc of
 $29.60 is paid and the machine i? yours. This

 startling offer has astounded the typewriter world.
 Absolutely the greatest typewriter bargain ever of-
 fered. For a short time only I. offer a limited number
 of these standard

WRITING Model No. 3

 typewriters at this exceptional price. Perfect ma-
 chines, not damaged or shop worn. < omplcte outfit,
 cover, tools, instructions, etc. Machine of standard
 size, but bglit weight and portable, keyboard of
 standard arrangement, writing the full M characters,
 two color ribbon, tabular, back spacer, write* on
 ruled lines: tn fact, every late style feature and
 modem operating convenience, -it less than a third
 of the regular price, and each letter visible as primed
 and all previous writing completely visible at all
 times.

FREE Trial

 My brand new Modi'I H« 3 iifTWr but f.,r $‘JtUM-etid only (rj.00 pur
 month.

 I won’t let yon bny this typewriter hefore yon it. I want
 yon to l>« absolutely ruoefneed that Uilsl- ttir ^r. nU'Ft ty|ie-
 writor Imritain »vit ottered. If you hn»e Mu? stli{l>i«.itqtv for
 n typewriter you should ac-cpt this amaxluu offer. Voo can-
 not equal Ihla wonderful value anywhere. When the typirWTlter
 arrive* i|i'|Knlt with the npim a.-.nt fi.M and take tue

 machinefor «v© tiny*’ trial, If you nr* eou«ine«tf that It Is th«
 hest typewriter you ever wtw.hecp Hand send mi> J-.voon month
 unlit my liariraln price In paid, ft Jon don't wuntit, return to
 the «'Xpre*« nifent, ri-erire j .mr to.unaud hr 1 vturn-. the machine

 to mo. 1 will pay the return expreav chargt - Thi* machine ia
 guaranteed |uat aa II you paid SI 00.00 lor II.

Only 100 ITATfpr^e

 Thart* la no tlmo lo loao. VIII tn the coupon nod mull It todav
 •link, Tim typewriter will he shipped promptly. Tfl
 red tape—no nollcltorv—no Collector* -no chattel* tllOi't,

 Is .Imply understood that 1 retMin title ti
 rat) •S&.WIspaM. Yon cannot lo it m

 writer opportunity you will ever have.

      "ItW. It
■ nm. lilt,,, until f hi*
the areateal lypc

-------Toar Out—mall Today--------

 H. A. SMITH. 540—231 N. Fifth A««.. Chicago. III.

 1 ship me yoor Mi-del So. 3, F. 0.11. C'hlcatr», <i“ d. “erllied In
 1 thin atvcrtaaemi'ot. I will nay you thn »;> <10 nalnuec or the
 Hl'KCtiL M W paieliMr price at the ratr of 9:00 11 mouth
 I I'be title to mmaln In you until fully pul.I tor. It p. vnderotood

 •	th.it I have Ova du*'- In which to .'ts-nilne nod try tlo tjpr-
 1 writer. If I chixi»i not to beep It. I will cai'ornlty repack It iiihI
 I return It to the fipri'n. a^ant. Tt Is understood ihnt you ifl»o

 1	tin- •.tan.ianl vt|itutni lor one yuar.

| Name ____________________ ■ ■ ■ .	.

 I Ad draaa

You have never
seen anything like
this before

                       The fkamamv «.i tre-uMii't* «l 1 i,...hk.. m .
                       »i»l a lu.km. hi—a ‘Ii«- im~i hiumiU |*-ifnme
                       a 1 iruce for pi in) uted.

                                 j *0*01 mu "-.coti ato

te^erl
JTowerDrops

                       •1.00 an «unea al deslrr* 01 By mall. SVnrt
                       •li-’ *. Man-iM. HM»J cin-t Oil on Lily o! Hi*
                       V.llry, »,»«. V|..IW. MiHi Araciii. M.iiry l~>. k

                       II	IM | Hrivnl p,.i a linuln] tuna yi.u >■■•» *in
                       • trtftllai /.%* Polllr (*■>«. I ulrr ol (.lllnlr; Im|

                    20i . allot nr alampa. firuil o»»a»	*

                       Pit:I. KIElltR. »0» Hf*l Slr»»«. Sa*l t'raart.a>
                       Pakih	•*» mxMiiaco

                       Oartiio (Juua aad «>a *■»«* a» >—* «»*»• Baa4

                      f»» . will. »f b SPEi lAL a»4 W la-iW

     UAtlSIB 2S< BOTTLE •

WILL SEND MY f	XT	r«

25c book Improve Your race

   By M&kinu Faces- lor
   10c—stamps or coin

Tills book contains a complete eourae of
tnntnieiioioi In Physical Culture for th.- l-noc.
More than Wl.tklo iiervoiiK are following tho-.-
iiistrurtlotiH to-day. They will do more to
build tH*nuty than nil tho |uilnl and |a>wder
in the world, for they gat right at the root
of your facial dcfect*. and ovortvnne them.
Not almple or allly. Juat phyahtil enftnrr

__applied lo the facial musi-ler POmilUin miiw

Uiat't- an. it you waul lo Improve jonr looks, send 10c f.ir tbl»
book, to-day, at once, while it - 011 your mind.

PROF. ANTHONY BARKER

5S48 Barker Bldg., MOW. 42nd St.	NEW YORK CITV

 $1/^ A Day

  :t|* M for your
  >lV/« SPARE TIME

 AGENTS WANTED

     llundre'U of our ntronta ar»> mnking
     a day in their spare time. Many are I
     intr lhat and arc S'-tt<ne their own etoi
     rr«>e. We arc dead sore you can do it. Such ,
     n lliinsr as failure ia utterly iroposKible with
     tiur new and cotnpleleoutfit which we send
     hy exprcKi - all chateea prepaid. Our lino
     lin’- of atylish.woll rende. carefully ftniabed
     clotheR. R-uiu'anteed lit b«ata everythin*
     ever offon d. Lowest price*. Our Outfit
     is mannifli.'ent—our stylrfl and fashions
     aimplv wonderful. Stronc Bcllinar plans .
     that brlnj th* order* and Big Money tor
     you every woek. in hard cash. ‘ 1

  Pants S2S* Suits $9 UP

     Can IWI larat lit IU a I'KOT.ItESS aerpt. JVtm ti t.
     sin ii .(a» i» tt,mr rrxir« nwr »

     t>cn*l m> nwn^v. Kwnttinflki

     naraaaarr. >;«t tlia tlutfil. on.- - ------.

                       ur ixcajaanr to >urt »oo in a
                       nnoia of vi»ur nan. Write j
                       etmoatSpHi

    ............	uarly ontma t;.-------

     Proareae Tailoring Co.. Bupt I'I.CWc***

To read Snappy Stories is a cachet of smartness
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

I MAKE DRAFTSMEN i

 Nsme.„—

 Earn $2,500 a Year {SJjStrftSSSSSTS |A'"—

   that with a little pleasant hnme study in spare tune you can riw? I

  above the poorly paid rut and pursue an independent profession I-----------

  that should quickly place you in the $2,500 a year class.	\

 No Experience Is Neeessary_you do not

              Chief Engineer.

              * Chicago Enflneering Works

 need to know \ Dept 37?. 455 Cass St.. Chicago

anything about Drafting when you begin with me. M\instruction is plain. ^ Without c.«t or obligation

                                                                                             t

Success" and particulars

 simple, easily learned, fascinating in its practical interest. From the very
   first you can feel yourself increasing in power and mastery of this won-
   derful profession—now in universal demand at splendid pay.

 \ to me. Rend prepaid, your

FREE—$17.50 DRAWING OUTFIT

                   . .id. yc
   free book. "The Rond to
   Success” and particulars
   of your extra special offer.

 ^j^your extra specialo

     If you enroll now I will present you with a magnificent Set of Imported Drawing Instruments valued at 817.50.
 the 6arae kind as 1 use! Write for my free book and full particulars of my special reduccd tuition offer and ear;, pay-
 ment terms. You can pay a little at a time while learning. My great book will open your eyes. Send coupon.

 Chief Engineer, Chicago Engineering Works, 455 Cass St., Dept. 373 Chicago, 111.

0

Short-Story Writing

                  A Course of forty lessons in the history,
                  form, structure, anil writing of the
                  Short-Story taucht by Dr. J. Berg
                  Esenweia. for years Editor of Lipplneotts
                  One student writes:—"Before completing
                  tke lessons, received orer $1,000 for manu-
                  script sold to Woman's Home Companion,
                  Pictorial Review. McCall's, and other
                  leading mainlines. “

                   Also courses in Photoplay Writing, Versi-
                   fication and Poetics, Journalism. In all.
                   over One Hundred Courses, under profes-
                   sors in Harvard. Brown, Cornell, and other
                   leading colleges.

250-Page Catalog Free. Please Address
The Home Correspondence School
Dept. 136 B. P. Springfield, Mass.

Or. Es.awria

REDUCE YOUR FLESH

 COMFoRT. health and fashion demand right physical propor-
 tion--. Yon can ivduc® the flesh on yo«r entire body, or any
 port, liy wearing one of Dr. Jeanne Waller's faroon* ruMor gar-
 ments for men and women a few hoars
 a day.

                            The safe and quick way to reduce Is
                            br perspirntton. Endorsed by lending
                            physician*.

                  FROWN ERADICATOR *2.00
                  CHIN REDUCER . . . 2-00
                  NECK AND CHIN REDUCER 3 OO
                  BUST REDUCER .... 5.00
                  ABDOMINAL REDUCER . 6.00
                  Also Colon Suits. Stockings, Jackets,
                  etc.. for the purpose of reducing the
                  flesh anywhere *le*lred. Invaluable to

                             tho-w Mirterllnf fn.tn rh<*nmatl-n».

                             Write ut once for furtlir r particulars.

                    DR. JEANNE F. WALTER

                                  inventor and Patentee

Bu.t Keiluter. Pri#. *1.00

Made from Dr. Walter's
f.unxii* redndng nihber
with cotitH tack.

353 Fifth Avenue, Cor. 34th St.

3rd door Easx. hew York.

 My Facial Beauty Exercises

 will make you look many years
 younger.

 Won't you let me tell you how
 you can remove wrinkles and
 restore the fresh complexion and
 contour of girlhood as thousands
 of others have done?

 Write today for my new
 FREE booklet. If you will tell
 me what improvements you would
 like, I can write vou more help-
 fully.

   KATHRYN MURRAY

  Suite C23. Garland Building, CHICAGO

  TJu fir it wtr.xn u teach Scieniific r.>cu.Sxer; i it

Obtain free book showing how GUI VN V R1TTF.N
METHOD saves three-quarters of tune and money

««£5ssf’ tsssm rsrasc

 L M^r 25 wri. Endorsed by loading tncdeian*.<
 Successful graduaUst serywhere. L. am at |^_7nV^iaS^L
 asocial accomplishment orfor teachinff. I>,
 fwli.oin spare time whenev.-r jw» * -h- » \rf'*£L*
 adults orehil«5r»n. Special I*,???".Hirsttf
 FREE t»ook "How to LeantTr / ..LX
 M. L. Oulnn CoaicfWtotj. Box

PU^6Q3°

EIGHT MONTHS
TO PAY

BEAUTIFUL DIAMOND

SENT ON APPROVAL-NO MONEY DOWN

 No obligation, pay a, you can Order any diamond Irom our
 catalogue: when received, if not absolutely sat..factory. return
 it. OtHctwiae keep it and pay 20J ol tbc price, and only 10^
 per montb tkereafter- Ten per cent, discount tor all ca.b A
 binding guarantee as to quality wttb each diamond Cachangc-
 able at any time at an .ncrease of 7 1-2* more than you paid

SF.ND FOR FREE CATALOGUE DELUXE 29 Co»-

  cams over one thousand pbotograpbs of rings, pins. diamond*,
  and otber precious stones

L. W. SWEET A. CO., Inc. *»; W-Vr

Up-to-date women read Snappy Stories. Others don't
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

We’ll eind yoa a genuine Lacnmts tor you
to wear for TO ftill days. If yoa can tell It
(nun a real diamond atnd it b«k at our oxvena*-
Coatabut 1-70U> ia rourh. If you <l*eid.i to kera> it
pur only a law corn* a month. Writ® for cau.log.

Genuine Lachnite Gems

keep th«ir dosaliar fir* f<iT.ver, & ! in »«;1id *>ild,
Colby worldrenowned diamondcm < era. ill aland
Ore and arl.l t. An i ».....j-.. i-v >1 a»iM.ind-

I’lus Complete

 •15.00 DntftMBiin’aCiHapJffte WorVinir
 outfit. »btoluu*ly fr«-* Thfy <Jo not
 crwit you * pvnn; on UiM o«Yvr. Wnto
 tixUy for particular*. l)o It NuW.

 $150 to $300 a Month

 M* aradoat.a ar« ••rnln* from
 SIM mo io fvKi.' " a m -nth ai.J morr
 Writ# Today. Haml fur mr/re. l»>>
 undraftlnc NooblHtatmna.Wm-n.i.,
 Chief Dnftaman Dobo. lUt 1123
 Canlem.n1 Co.. CMmi»

AGInYSI

 ttARN the NEW

 MXKfc MONEY MERC

AGENTS!

DROP DEAD ONES. AWAKE !

GRAB THIS NEW INVENTION !

THE 20th CENTURY WONDER
Gel started in an honest, dean, reliable, money-making business. Sold on

a money-back Guarantee _____________

  World’* mngleal gift realized by this now invention. The BI«ACK8TONE
  WATER POWER YAOl'lM MAPSACJE MACHINE for the home. Noeo-t to
  operate. Lastsllfo-time. Price within reach of nit. Jflocompetition, xlew field.
  New buslue**. 1 hat's why lt'9 ea*y. Removed blockhead*, wrinkles, rounds out
  I uny purtof the faco or body and brings barlt Nature’s beauty. Endorsed by load,
  ion duotora and niaAacur*. Untcni Parker, Okla.9 Bays, *8 order* linit day.*•
  Maricwarth, Pg., writes. **I am making tl'j.uo per day." Shea, "FirstOrder
  lii. w<ond Ho, I bird 7^. firhermerhoi n, la., order* elirlit dozen machuiea tirat
  oi'*nih. Shatter, Va„ *VK»Uiajr 4 out ol 6 demonrttrailons/' Vaughn, Wawh.,
  orders one dozen. Fourdaya latw wlrer'Snip « downby firwt exnrcw, Hpaln,
  Tenn.. started with niunplr. Orders onodrzon, then id dozen* next3 dozen. Lewis.
  lnd.9 so))* 3 roachim** first hour* Saya "Ucst artido ho ever saw for merit and
  I money-maklnic.” No experienceneceaaary. Territory with protection givenfri
  “ active workers. Nothing In tho wrorld like it. Best aaenl's article ever Invent*

   _ . _____tl'.v	n I I IT U n.l I. >e<.i I » r> - —	_

 > Wu own all U. B. and foreign*
 patent.. Big book entitled, I
 r’The Power and the Love I
 ■ of Beauty andUeaIf l>”Eree.I

 Investigate now, today. ’A|
 Powtnl will do. A bte: surprise I
 [ await a von. Address f

 Iblaokstone MF'O. CO.I
 135 Weredllh Bldg. TOLEDO. 0.

WOULD YOU

 standard high grade 4^ key
 typewriter to your friends
 let them sec wherein it excel*
 any other $100 typewriter, tf by

                                doititr this and renderiDK other small
 atmistHiicc. you could easily have one
 to krrp as your own I Then by post
 card or tetter to u» simply any "Mnil
 ____________I\irtl>-ulan,"

WOODSTOCK TYPEWRITER CO., Dept. M 223, Chicago, III.

FACTORY TO RIDER

                8av«t you blc money. Buy direct and save HO toiSO on
                a bicycle. RANGER BICYCLES now come In ut
                styles, colors and slses. lireatly improved; prices re-
                dwvd. Other reliable models. VI1.96 up. WE DELIVER

 1P1S

        to ynassapprooaluid^) rfoys trial and rMIng
 test. Our bte FREE catalog shows everything new
 lo bicyclesand sundries. Writ® for it. TIRES, lamps.

  wheels, parts and supplies at half umial prices.

  Do wot buy a bicycle, tires or sundries until you
  and learn onr wonderful new offert, low prices and
  terms, a postal brings everything. Write noie.

  liberal terms. A ti
  MEAD CYCLE

 CO.

 DEPT. H-213 CHICAGO

Set of

Power from within! Strength that is more
than mere noisoularstrvnkrth -the strength of letter
health, utmodnnt liervt force—the stretiirthor keen
relish. Write and tlnd out what vibration will do
for yon. Prlve out that tired lc<-lln# t

FREE BOOH

                       uldivus on a letter or ft t>'>*t
                       > win mill you alMolnudy tree

MHik “H.alth and Baauly.'*

Co.. 1100 S.Wabaak A..„ llrpi l223.ChirM«

DON’T YOU LIKE
My Eyelashes and Eyebrows?

You can have the same

  LASHNEEN, n hair |oml. applirtl onre each dav.
  will iibtolutely produce thick and lony eydinot and
  es’elathe*. l-»*y lo xppty—sure In result* Lashnosn
  Is .in Oriental formula. One L-i* i-. all vou .iilaenl.
  Not soltl nt Dnigpats. Mailed on receipt ol .‘>c c*uu
  and two cents postnire. or Cauaillan money order.
  1.ASHNEEN COMPANY i Dept. 24'. Phll^elphla.

THE SABO PAINLESS

HAIR REMOVER

                                 Only lustrument ever devised to
 remove superfluous hair. PERMANENTLY and PAINLESSLY. No
 drugs. No chflmleals. Entirely automatic. A (Shill brinsrs this i'ar-
 cel Post, with money-back guarantee. Toilet necessity. Descriptive
 folder and Information FREE.

 8ABII MFC.CO.. Sllfi W.25th»TTlF.ET.CLEVEI,ANI*.«UIIO

CET ON THE

VAUDEVILLE

STAGE

 I tell yon how I Fascinating profession for
 either sex. Big salaries. Experience un-
 necessary. Splendid engagements always
 waiting. Opportunity for travel. Thea*
 trical agents and authorities endorse my
 ^methods. Thirty years’ experience as
 manager and performer. Illustrated
 book "All About Vaudeville’' sent FREE.
 Frederic La l>elle, 8ta. 175 Jackson, met.

Wanted: An Idea

  Who ran tlilnlr of some pimple thing to pntentt Pr<v
  tuetyour lileiw, they may bring y»u woallU. Write
  for “Needed Inventions’*and lists of Patent Buyers.
  RANDOLPH & CO.. P»t. Altornty.. Depl. 278. Waihinjlon. D. C.

DO YOU LIKE REAL

“FASCINATING”

Picture*. Book*, Novelties, ete.f \Vohave
the ‘•niftieaf out. Juist .tin- kind you like.
Send dime for good Pnniplox atoi t'atal"g
with nearly H'hi lllnstrntions of In-autlfnl
girl* In " howltohlnjf jx.*e«." etc. You'll
want more after *""lti^ siuiipicH.

Wll.LIAIIS Pi n. CO.

•JODS.K Indiana Ate..	Chlenx”

BOOKS ONE CENT EACH

Cr*.l Bargain. W. will a.nd ANY TEN BOOKS lor 10 eanla Past
cfltwrffTI Paid, or ALL 30 BOOKS lor 25 c«ni« Po.l Paid. Oed.r by number.

IrlKWr ■imAWvJ Jtf	J k •B.x.k 21 Cv.w.t-r?. .I M.mey ?V. SlnrtllnB Informatlua

■Jli H'	I® l'»'l r Trii-ka 28 K-llpso S'-o* Book M lln»»lat|«n«nf Irtiil i

. _	.	It Valqua Bt-ry BookBow to BypnoUn M Witty haylnt* (Model]

1 SWtStorles S Lnv» Making 9 PaereU ol the Harem 111 Oay Llfn In P..ri« .-M runny SlorW 68 How to » Htn Lrrt-» Lntwr*
B ■ rmnnlcm E«^..-l
CtluoU V) Haf.ey Marrinco
% Bw» tu Get llleh

 la to Hapi.

 > to Out IU
 Not Lett than 10 Book* Sold.

HHHBnniai

 II Pateetivo Bi'nis*
 U Guide to BUyuetto

30 t "tiiindnims 34 Special Beenta CO Doctor's Private B-»

21 Win!, ijiava Oltl* S& S|iiritu*li<Di Ea'pd #1 Sucrvla for Majrli-I Pvopla

HYDE BOOK CO.. Depl. 123, 3348 Lowe Ave.. Chicago.

Nearly everybody reada Snappy Stories
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

 r>^0 nd;,

 Arrices.

SEND
NO MONEY

      o (Ml, fa apprnenl. at oar
      •II ili-llwry chanwa r.rr»-

  . -the fitm.'U* No. JI66 uofti#
  t’arfectiua" #wj

Kin*.

 You Pay Nothing
 Not One Cent

  eaamln# it t1K'.t in >001 own
  i.ar.dn. W»TOiyno!l'«mwr»

  • I " e ivatit W1B to |udi» 1 ho t in?
  alter niu neo 11. a Ml we w-ant In oTVo

  "< ourlumeity at..rr-i. \ oil uiunc no

  obligation#. (or we non.) yvu tho ring bc-

 Js-fisasvw WSR ASSetfJSIf

  H-I«l » • ; ,---ial Diamond for vtm. mount it
  ill II Karat Mliil -old. ease It lo * hiuid-
  veleet line box.and trnid lo you jinf-
  paid. It you find it to be all that wa
  claim—if »t m,-. -# your expectation* in
  r/rrv way. and if you nra ftbaclutaly eutia-
  llid that It an unuutal fcarjaln. pay 410
  and kwp the t:=i- then t5 a month for
  .'Iffht uwotha. rujlin.- n total ot *il>. and
  tin- rina t« >-nur>. That'i. the *'I-oftia Sys-
  tem- —which meana a •qnaro deal to all.

  Write for our Free Catalog

  grnpttle illustration# of Diamondn, Watcfcc#,

  -1';■ flrr. Sil*erw-re. Novelties, «tr. 111,11a
  aU about our «ay credit plan. Write today.

LOFTIS BROS. & CO,

  Tli# Old Reliable Diamond and Watch Cradlt Houaa

Etlablighrd l&SS
Dept. K 132.1 OS N. Stat* St.Chicaco.lll.

  Store# iu : Lucjjo : i’lltaburgb : St. Luula : Ora aha

  TOFTIs'

   Ferfcctioni

   'Diamond Ringl
   No-iieti

 4o

 To

S

 Our
 ■L&

A Health to Your Mind”

TOURING

(A fashionable eame)

  Tf your mind is weary with ordinary things,
  play "Touring,” the latest and most ingenious of
  all card games. So realistic and exciting that you
  can almost smell the gasoline and attempt to rub
  the dust out of your eyes.

  You can hardly keep your temper when you
  find you are out of “gas," have a puncture or ex-
  ceed the speed limit. It ha« been pronounced
  better than Auction Bridge or Poker.

  Write for it now and be ready for the next
  miny day or dull evening.

  too liuiograi.hcd cards' in an attractive box.
             Price 50c. at your dealer’s,
             or 60c. post paid from

 WALLIE DORR GAME COMPANY

3S Murray Street. New York

AGE 30-

siaoo

AGE 20-$ 600

I -or down?

AGE 50J500

 HERE is your future charted for
 you, based on the actual average
 earnings of trained and untrained men.

  Which way will you go—up, through training, to a
  position that means good money, or Jown, through
  lack of training, into the ranks of the poorly paid ?

 It rests with you. And nozu is the time to
 decide. Not next year, not next month, but now.
 You can get the training that will command a
 trained man’s salary. The International Corre-
 spondence Schools have helped hundreds of thou-
 sands to qualify for advancement- Let them show
 you how you can prepare yourself, in yourown home,
 for the position you want in the work you like best.

  Just mark and mail this coupon. It will be the
  first step upward. Mark and mail today.

L C. S., Box 3502, Scranton, Pa.

------—- OUT OUT Mint-------j

I INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS \

Box 3502. SCRANTON, PA.

' Explain, without obligating ini', how t run qualify for the '

  I position, or In the subject, before which 1 mark X.

 ] ELECTRICAL ENT.l.NtUR
 : Ivlectrtc Lighting
 J Electric Car Running
 J Electric Wiring
 (Telephone F.iprrt
 iMH IHMUI. (Minn
 I Mechanical Draftsman
 Machine Shop Practice
 )Ga» Engineer
 I am km.im:i 8
 i Surveying and Mapping
 WISE KORF-Mt.VOR » MilM'l K
 Metallurgy or Proapector
 JntTIODKV RXtUH&BR
 Marine Engineer

 I ARCHITECT

 Contractor and Builder
 Architectural Draftsman
 Concrete Builder
 Structural Engineer
 ri.INBIMi 11*0 11 Hit ISO
 I Sheet Metal Worker
 SALESMANSHIP

  □	ADVERTISING MAN
  _J Window 'Trimmer
  “Show Card Writer

    Outdoor Sign Painter
   ILLUSTRATOR
   DESIGNER
   HOOK M.H'FR
   I, Stenographer and Typlal
   J Cert- Public Accountant
   H Railway Accouniant
   JCnmmrrdiil Law
   GOOD ENGLISH
   Teacher

  d Common School Subject a
  CIVIL SERVICE
  LJ R*l'« Mail Clerk

  □	AGRICULTURE
   POULTRY RAISING

   jTentile Overacer or Supt.
    \ailfaiar	_ •(•enltfc

 Ill'BllI	L

  11 TO imiM u
  3 Aaia K»|.alrln* O llaJU#

Name_

 Occupation
 a Employer-
 Street

 and So.-

Lplty-—---—Stale	- j

To read Snappy Stories is a cachet of smartness
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

The Dread of Dentistry is Pyorrhea

(Sometimes called Riggs Disease)

It is characterized (among other symptoms) by
bleeding, discolored gums, receding gums, sensitive
teeth, bad breath and linaliy loosening and dropping
out of the teeth.

DO YOU KNOW that 90 percent of the people have
it in the iirst. second or third stage —

DO YOU KNOW what causes it or what a terrible
menace it is to your health—You should know how
to recognize Pyorrhea when you see it and how to
prevent and overcome it.

SEND ME YOUR NAME and without obligation
of any kind I will send you FREE my Illustrated
booklet about this moat common but dreadful dln-
raw of tbo rums. Alim teatlmonlal letters from
hundreds of people who have treated themselves nt
home avoiding pain. Ions of time, expenslvo treat-
ment and folM) teeth. 23 ytart’ »ucces».

DR. F. W. WILLARD,E-598, Powers Bldg.. Chicago. 111.

Sent FREE

 .Ci

                                       ft- -41

LAW

Course On Approval

   Not ono penny down. Get thb eiwatevt horn«<-stady cnirw In
   tow—ineluilin* thia ni'urntftci »t (ouruu-n-volume library th* m ac
   roiupJrtclibrary of f* kin-1, nn<J tho frnrt bctur**. individual U«-
   aoi>», iwtitrnmi-nln, eOr.—clear, itompr- t.rti.i. a ditcnaiMona of tho
   law-in your bands fro« of clia/vo—without any obligation.

Law Offers You Success

    Ikwornc m l»wy<.-r andauecre* a waits too—C/rt) to flO.OM yearly.

    Hundredsi pf bln aaluriod p—itlona for legally t ruin.d men now open.

   We ore authorised by the State of 1 t„ confer on oar
   gradoatea tho deerco or Bachelor of L.-.v.» (LL.Ii ). Our jru)
   prepare* you to paaa tho b.,r examination In any >tatr. Should
   yon failwcgjmrantno to eoacb ytm without eh:ir*e until you are
   aucccaxful. Wo have Mton rivor! a sinj-le it - -anco of a Lai* 1 Jo
   graduate who took a bar examination mid fulled.

  FREE CorcjjJete Course in Public Speaking

    Pte pared by IJr. Frederick It. Rahiiutin, professor of Pul.Ho
    fcpeaiin« ColJone of City of N. Y. etc. No other eoane like it
    —write today lor Special Limited Free Offer.

  SFND Nil MflNfY *“•* Bcnd 7°^ rnnit> addrew on m

   ° fl ,, U. U" I**1*1- *c ' 1:1 tor-*»nI by r. tum
   mail full porticnlara of oar r<7n:irku)iie free on approval «ITor and
   our wonderful frtro book **Gaide to the Lnw** oh«*win^Hoi* (o ntocJy
   law at homo. If yoa net promptly we will mvu you mor. timn hulf
   your tuition. This offer ia eubjcct to withdrawal in & ebort tixa«,
   k without nutlet*. So act now.

   LaSalle Extension University. 0c»L 388 c Oucaga. >ti

\	—a sticky novel setting forth the actions of a young lady after she ceases

            to be a lady.

't, \	oung Man—do pou waste the money you spend on her in this fashion?”

*\ \ Stop it—

\	^ Clip this coupon and the THEATRE MAGAZINE will give her four

\ "• \ months of revel in Stagcland—or it will conic to you; whichever you

+ \ '*• ^ 8ay‘ . . ~
\\ \	\ When you visit New York, where do you want to go first?—To

               \	'he theatre, of course.

\	What plays will you sec—llow will you know about them?—

^ '• v	1° the Theatre Magazine, of coursc.

\	All the latest productions reviewed in pen and pictures.

° a* j. \ **.	v Full pages describing the plays, act by act. Exquisite

r, ’•	photographs of all the favorites; over 100 of them in

&%% v\\ \	**ch issue. Pin a dollar bill to the coupon.

\\ \ \ Cf)e Cijeatre 4ttaga?ine

    V *. > « mmm	«*.• «.	at
         __\

^ ^ ^	*• 'v 9 Weat 38th Stre«t ... New York City

Up-to-date women read Snappy Stories. Others don’t
SATISFY THE MOST INTIMATE CIGARETTE DESIRE

You put on" between your lips, you light It— nnd
you «ri'b#|»|iy! You perceive unexpected differ-
in' -t'A lu this perfection or cigaretto art!
Perrutned—with gold tips.

2Sc for 10 in

-THE VANITY CI6ARETTE BOX WITH THE MIRROR"

AT I "OUR DJi.t LSK' X <r maiJ rrtUrt itimet /*•

CHALKIADI CO., Inc., 503 Filth At*.. New York City

SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

No ElcctricCurreetReti aired

This Just 5 Days

      See what it will do for your complex-
      ion before you send a cent of money.

          If you don't see a no tic cable im-
       provement in your akin within 5 days
       — return at our expense. You risk
       nothing—have nothing to lose—are
       under no obligation toliuy and if the

      Newlife Vacuum Massage

       treatment will do half os much for yon
          ns il ha* f.>r the many who have used
          It, you will tn< gUd to know it and glad
          yon tried It,

              This treatment in the truly aclentlflc.
                 method, literally puts new life Into
                 the Akin by stimulating circulation.
                 The new blood sweeps away Im-
                 purities. builds op wasted tissues,
                 brace* D’etkmcil muscles creates new
                 cell*, give* you new youthluluc**.

                 Just to introduce the New- £ md
                 lileVacuum Massage Machine
                 we shall *ell it for a limited
                 tine ior only

                               W i Ih every machine
                               pur-otiosed we shall
                               send absolutely free
                               of charge:

       1 full size cake of Newlife Facial Soap
       1 full aiie jar of Newlife Massage Cream

     TI N-Wlife Facial Soap, mode after a famous formula, will
 ho.iI liluv'iy cl. 1'. your --in. The Newlife MnstulgeCream, not
 n rtmji—** -iot :i s • >i-i 11 trn-nm ( will not prow hairV, will soften
 and »hit«-u lli- -kin. 1 lie.-omtiiiiatlon will give you the natural
 in nly if!. « of vtirorons health tuid beauty. In addition each
 NewUfc i nitOt Include*

        Free Medical Advice For One Year
 on i	I' n .ii h; nu authoris'd mnlical practitioner.

    (•mil No Money, dimply say: "Send your OutlU,” and we
 »l!l for " i;~d It :it once «■ t | • iv>->s or post prepaid. If you want
 mor« (nils liefort? ordering, simply write.

        New tile Massage Company, Inc.

 332 Livingston Slrset	*	Brooklyn, N. V.

Territorial K»iirw»ltlliM Wanted

 Square DwI
 Miller

1916
Jfodp/s

A^otv'

Hamilton
Howard
Elgin

Illinois, Rockford

All A ire 1916 Models.

And 1 am the first man In the c.tmntrr to o»er NO	J2.7S

the NCW 1916 MODELS of Amrn.-a s
known watches. I hare them all. the lavst pro-
ducts of the world'i most (unom fB*'todrs. and
watches are l>y no means all. Toll can get too.
the very latest style mountings for Diamonds,
and the most up-to-date pieces of eiquisilo
Jewelry. Whether you buy for cn-li or credit, the prices arts right.

I Smash the Terms!

  My Square Deal mi lli.ds-—my high grade well known mer.-l an.llse my
  liberal policies, riglit prim*. h-west toinu. liar* eanieil me hit title—
  ■' Terms Smashing Miller." h i ratal g i"i	..ffrrs i-Kb mi.arka*

  ble values. «ueh smashing terms. as oar brand new 1019 Frsa Book.

30 Day Free Trial

No Money Down SSESSi'ir.."

  Thai ll the test that tells. Suppose j u waul a «ai.M Any uiak».
  any gra.le. any airr. any raw. 1 have il f.>* yon—Inn the wat^U O at
  e..u want—a IBIS Modal—NO MoJKT DOW5 tipr'*' Pr. pai<t
  Vou ran try any one of Ano-ri.-a's l^-t known tiio- iM^ — for 3u days
  A Fim Trial, a Full Month to Carry II In Vour Pocket.

No References Demanded —An Open

 Arrnnnf I Us rams rre.!it y.« c-t fr m < or gr' l!l-roi • and
 riu^rfully giren Ar-ari-m~nW ar- n*Je f..r an Open
 Account as soon as y>ti wril*. H» rr-l tar no imhliciij nrls « nor <vl-
 Isclnra. EverT traasarUou strictly crlWeakttl a

Send This Todays/

 For Watch <& Diamond Boot

  Send sne your nuns and address at once so I
  ran mall yoa. Free and postpaid, the m .t
  beaaUful eaial,« nf Its klul e.erpriuUd. ,

  I want yoa lose* the Now 1 B1 8 Mods la •

  of America's best In -wo walchsa. Ike _* a. F«r Big I • ‘
  brok U a gem. It Illustrates alt niaiot * makes.-* High Oral* ■
  of ealualile Watehas, Ctagant Oenu- • »ha IB IB Models. <.«<. ioi*
  lisa Dlamonda, and a *a>t asaoctm. »t .	- Is and	a»J f I

  ct Baautllul Jswslry, all oa the • • =*r «.au * y -ir I a.. 11 si,■
  easiest and n «t liberal terms-	. r”'"1,*’

    Write today aud get a |e*«r a	Trial Plan,

 from me that will make you a •
 triead of mm* from the start. »

a 601 MILLCN BLOO.

,* OETBOIT. MICH.

  Aur Stri Plrass send
  rae. wiI*k«i» e.wt nr otiUga■
  ct an all
  f WateUes.

  SQUARE DEAL Miller.

  Pres-.MiUer-HaeferCa.

  BO I MILLCR BUILDING *
  DETROIT, MICH.

 AJJrt

Nearly everybody reads Snappy Stories
SNAPPY S'

EARN $75 TO $300 A MONTH

friteei .a

hiiKcJc trss

13 il

 ■•i >it ruii afTsttius. j uit

 tracsm. J ar uliied ISM l*elco
 ioc, dvlxa Pviuri ^—

DETROIT IS THE PUCE TO LEARN

 «aoet

 ITAnaat aa*i cz
 P*Cttflli cwoc
 flcti!. ,unip on i

 iteris

        tea. TStr *3 tac*

           •3*5 cas _frr tsmx^fe
           Srrrtcc Uepartsent.
           r stsr* a v-c OM 2«-

  Wri for h*il sarnc-aiirik
  Aato ~»:ia»o< Nots " isii a*w
  wit—ALL FHESL Or Ju-rrer
  as tear

 a=o^-

                     Jtie baaaeaa ia Detroit and iear^
 k nijhr.

MICHIGAN STATE AUTO SCHOOL
1C3 Aatn 3uif- 11-1# i«M«. At*„ DETROIT. MCH.

Personal Influence

*m	fo« ri • •' «;8c

I—motml m :■■?>. T<

 .1 riooaaot* 'if -ia:',irr^tX "rlcno *rj<L_a
 HO-ick	wrs* ail*/

LLLr *TiLATED TRJELVTl ‘E

A n~LL fiinn LUB

 U UTv |

FREE

Try Tib Wonderful Beauty Biulder

A Book for

Brides and Wives
Gfoira aad Haibaads

 “The Science of a New Life*’

St JOHN COW AX M. D.

 Cantaxaa giiraifina *»»f a »ar*k
 i-ivCrtiii >it ioitirs i® jay aumsi
 cov^ie ar *3aae	gur-

      Ls>iurwi	rec.:mtr-

 ij tke man| akedicii rejtitisv
 emsc* ’-ar	•_»« L aired Sutu.

 i. °:oi is tie irert'j at * t.co? cur
 rre* mi*r« ia gua< (»tn
 )cmae<! cn« Iw«. 5 u ®sl»«r b«£ok ake
 f<3 H &_*•!_ tr.y-*fcen *t ‘Jle ;nt
 S*>«= * f<* «: ’-ae --i^pscrs;

,= Sf-M ptrSc* t»	ms

i ettr. am* I •

<Sm* iir Ctie«ii«rC J V i

RiA.nl Foik G*.. EW. 39 39*5	H. Y.

8

CENTS A DAY BUYS THIS

      -?»* a

REX Vism£ it Ins

■f«qii?iii*e	lUrk tyxu. tftatt-

iJ-'C	iia.’Tfc

 >■» 3»«p5ae7

zsa

L LTX r-» »m -'1 U

 i?V trtaii C*«st put mo C® far •
 | ty?u'«T‘-xs~ijn -. 1 gut ier jit-.:-* .i«T*r

MOLES AG»oSr?H? REMOVED

 w. tTii-iL • iparlaiMl r^= if. p»tai*-
 n^-aUy <4r - i n> Mo>s aai otk*r p—

L^ut ■** 30 wtf. ii.>. puaVM, w isilw*.

s<a * tar .'fr» MM gratae nil yutl :a^ui.

Mina MIL DAVIS. U. B.

Ho. 3 Sui. Slrwt. P-nk Aafcey N J.

SPECIAL OFFER

*** t/*" h ^ ^ la ,

■"1 mf Ttlia 77
*■«* ***

 <* an «akr 5~ kr. Siiu ■

 J. S. OGILVIE PUBLISHING COMPANY
 ao*c 5nm.r__new yoajc city

To read Snappy Stories i

  V'fOUR acKoWment. if printed here. wou.d
  * be seen by over a qua.'ter of a mzluoc
  Iwe. ap-to-date Ajnencaa*.

  For rates and informatioci address
      MARK A. SELSOR, Adv Mgr.

             The New Fiction Publishing Co.

 IS West

SuN(

is a cachet of smartness
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

Just to ndvertj«e our famous Hawaiian Im. dia-
monds—tne pv9lr<t discovery tlie world lias
evw known. We will send alwdutelv rmtlila
lik. R«!d t rlnz. srt with a Hawaiian ini.
d::>m>‘nd—In i.onurifal rinjf-oox. pootnce paid
lftt ls IS satl*fai-t*»ry pay p. -tm.i-ter tl.SS to
cover pO'tap*. Ix>xing, advcrtl*lii*r, handling
et<\ If not tAtlsfaotory return at our expense
and II. n.ii-jr refunded. Only l.Oou rioii «lren nwn*
8riiii iv> iuOim y Answer qui.-t S.:u.i «ix.-oiCiijfcr

 menu to individu-
 al measurements
 of each customer.
 Beware of houses
 that try to palm
 off altered “ready
 madna“ claiming
 them to be made-
 to-order.

Deaf?

a iie uay 01 irnperiecc
hearing is past Science rivals nature

 the marvelous now 1916 Mears Ear Phone. "Intensitoi

 lESSd''•'•f‘<1'8crr«itcst hearing device. 111 run an
 •oood without blur. W rite Unlay for our 15 frv< truU oi

Perfect Aid to Hearinq

The* Mears is throaty scientific instrument for the dear ft rr

cowm <Wrr<a ol *ouad.cTcry nx=*ti of ton® of tb« faomao

..... ~	.	_...... —* "—aoznan ru>.

Wrtte tor Free Book °?r .(reelbook is a highly

            JPWtaforltW^

MF/JFF/	U~rr.ai.at

\oZi I MEABS EAR PHONE CO., Inc.
WOOkj Desk 1493. 45 \V.34tli SL New Yorlr

              Visible

  nature in

   "Intensitone”
   It transmits
   trial offer.

Try It FREE

 World Famous
 Typewriter

                        r>on‘t rue rrar; don't buy a "Uir.d.” out-oF-
                        dale tvt< rriter. Own this genuine Oliver Visible
                        lor onli 13c a day. No a rests: you nuke th;*
                        kx'tx r.rtM. Frre trial. Write turtattsand price.

TYPEWRITERS OISTRIB. SYNOICATE
SIR Wabash Are.. Chicago

           f“ r e: e:

DIAMOND

RING OFFER

                        KRflUTH S REEO. Deot. 10. Masomc Tern pit. Chicago

Ed r c InvestinSfor Profit

i KlLi For Six Months

  Send me yo ir name snd address ticht NOW and I will send you
  Ixvestixg for Profit machine ahtluulj/rte lor si* months. I
  It telU how to zft t**e utmoij csrninc* Item yojr money—how lo
  tell inod in»e5tmer.t.-—howto pick the most profitable ol sound I
  liive»tmeci». 1: r ■■■..;• how banket? and capita!!-!* make $1000
  Brow to$22,000—. n fact.gives yon the vital investing information I
  Chat should enable you to make your money grow proportion-
  ately. I hare de.-ided this month lo fire 503 ux-mom h aubactip-p
  tions to Investing for Profit free. Every copy i*

Worth At Least $10

  to every Investor— i-Thapsa fortnne. Send yon rname and address
  now. mention thHp*t»r»nil(ctalrwintroductory subscription.

  •	'• mllthma may prevent n-prat in* thia • •.'T.-r. lu tier take It n.'w.
  You'll be»lUluit to par 10ea copy alter Jrod have read it ate months.

1H. L. BARBER. Pab., 415. 30 J.ckson Blvd., Chicago ■

Have Your Suit Made
To Order and Take

I

I*"

 ■ r. i

I

I'

I

at this wonderful book.

Send Coupon

 foil particulars
 startling offer,
 delay! Write t<

Addret:

                     —- r it >8—the biggest sensation in
                  the history of high class tailoring!
                  .Think of getting a suit tailor made
                  strictly according to your own individ-
                  ual measurements and having six
                  whole months to pay for it! Yes. no
                  matter who you are. where you live,
                  or what you do, we will make you the
                  finest, the richest, the snappiest suit
                  you ever saw and give you an entire
                  half year to pay for it! Don't miss
                  this amazing opportunity.

Save Half

You actually and positively get the
»*■ suit at about half of what it
would ordinarily cost you! Our

               tremendous woolen buying gives us
               the pick of the world's greatest mills
               at lowest prices known. Therefore
               we can cut the price in half and still
               give you six months to pay. Don't buy
               cheap “ready mades" and pay double
               our price. Don’t pay other tailors two
               or three times as much as we charge.

Only $2.50 Per Month

              You wear the suit while paying for it.
              Payments so marvelously easy you
              won't miss the money. We trust you
              absolutely. Your word is all the se-
              curity we ask. No reference, no red
              tape, no delay, no collectors. No strings
              attached to this credit whatever. It's
              yours to use as freely as you wish.
              Don’t da3s ns with ordinary tailoring
              houses. We are "differentI” You'll be
              delighted.

Get This Free •umptuous
Sample Book «£ ££

lished — our 1916 Spring and Summer
Stylo Book! See the actual cloth sam-
ples of most beautiful weaves and pat-
terns—the newest and latest. Also
illustrations of choicest designs
from world's greatest style
centers. You'll marvel

oe letter if you with—

---doit NOW! Get the mu-
nificent free style bock and

of oar J.

Don't _sT-*

today, f

Stanley Rogers
Company. Jr
535S.ClarkSt. f

IH' ‘	lars of your great offer.

 STANLEY ROGERS CO..

S35 S. Clark St.. Chicago, in.

Please send me. FREE, your new
DeLuxe Style Bo.'k and full parttcu-

City--------------—

Up-to-date women read Snappy Stones. Others don’t
SNAPPY STORIES ADVERTISER

Oak Rocker .

No-MKtBS. Solid (
oak; genuine quartered 1
oak arm»; golueri finish,
front posts. front and
top rail* anil aide wings
richly c-irv«J. Seat -
nru) back ui>-
bolstered

trvwn imita- IHI
tlon Span- luul
Ish leather. (wwl
Wood fibre (gGlfe
nnd nmss fill* IBuflf

ftt/ssa pi

sprints. Strong UiJMlr—

runners,hea cry JjPlI

DOiU to tn. lul
nigh. Prioe )Kjlx

 FREE—Hartman’s Mammoth Bargain Book

   We can *hlp bot one of these hat-gaira to each famfl? at these omarina terms but when you s-i’t our Mam'
   ■toih Uanxaini Book ,rou may «.r«|. r any amount WITHOUT KESTIUCTION—and BayalmU rath month
   Tha KAItrUANTlAIUiAlN BUOklt unliko all ollran. Hundreds of locn-ln color* ov« r S.Ou) •nor.
   derful Iwiyiurj in Furniture, Ruga, Carpi;te. Draperies. lied?. Jewelry, Cluck,., Blows, Seising Blachitiea

Most Remarkable
Bargains Ever Offered

  Seamless Brussels Rug

rams

\Xa.MK177. Mag-
nificent titn heavy
seamless HniMvls
rug in two siwa. se-
lected yams—vary
ntlractivo semi-ori-
ental design. Looks
well In any room.
Colorings Tan. Bed.
Green and Brown
hanrioniouslyblcnd-
ed. A real barirmn.
S-icPft. 3in. x 10ft.
I 6 in. I’riee. $12.74

            51.00 &IU

                       Sire 9 X12 fcrt
                       I Frle*.......J13.9S

              $1.00 JKu,

Solid Oak Dining Table Bargain

No.MKMt. Golden onk or fumed finish.
Vanre 41 hveh top. c*ti mla to 6 ft.: 4 in. rim,
heavy or tn iron pedtrul fitted to 24 inch put-
form wUich rests upon 4 Colonial ecroll Ictta.

                       Excellently
                       -v finished

7®fS

is an cle-

                       that will grace any
                       dining room. A
                       real bargain at
                       llortman’8 re-
                       markably low
                       price. SI 1.95

75C M^ith

        5-Pleco. 2-lncH Post %

   Steel Bed Outfit Bargain

                         No. UK 14 9.
                         Eletrant 2-inch
                         continuous post
                         steelbed. '\-in.
                         (tilers in artistic
                         design, height
                         hi'fiu end Kin.:
                         link fabric steel
                         frame sprint:?,
                         cotton top mat-
                         trcfa nnd two
                         4!£ lb. hen fca-
                         . v-~	ther pi 1 Iowa IS

■jf	*25 In, All sixes,

V	8ft.; 3 ft. 6 in.: 4

ft. or 4 ft. 6 In., full size. Cobra. White,
1 -a Creen or Vcrnis Martin. A remarkable
bargain nt our low	Per

price of only *8.08 /DC Month

Dresser Bargain

\’o. MKI80. Top
of base 40x19 inches.

French bevel plate
mirror 21x20 inches,
is supported by
sfrontf standards.

Top cf mirror
frame has nest
carving. 2 small
extended draw-
ers at top of
base, two full
length drawers
below. A real
bar train nt our
r emarknbly
low price of
only......$9.68

No Money In Advance

   Here is perfect credit and the most wonderful bar-
 gains cveroffcred. Remember. we eay to you. "Order
 any of these bargains and eend no money with your
 order—not ono cent—see before you buy." Hartman's
 Mammoth Organization, with its *10,000,000 Capital and
 Resource*, makes it EASY for every one to furniah the
 home completely nt SMALLEST COST and on terms pos-
 itively unappro ached by any other concern in the world.

Hartman Will Trust You

   No matter who you are or where you Jive. The proof
 is on this pace. Order any of the articles shown here
 and it will be shipped to you at oneo without ono penny
 aent in advance! USE IT AS YOUR OWN FOR B0
 DAYS. If not fully convinced that it is the moat
 remarkable bargain you ever heard of, return it at
 HARTMAN'S freight ex pen so both ways and the trial
 will cost you nothing. If you are perfectly satisfied,
 keep the goods and pay for them in Email monthly sums.

 HARTMAN FURNITURE AND CARPET CO.,

              4088 Wentworth Av«„ Chicago, III.

If only mtaToir Is wanted, nlnoj iin X in fl-.is O.

If yoowtahany banrain shown bore, fill tn below. Writo

 plainly. Bendnw ArtleloNo... .............................

mil U> M. ~ .l rwuU-r, *

 If tkwpH I win (tsy {......	,inX) days alter

 arrival and 9............... .pev mun'ki.

   I Tableware, <-t(*

      Send for It at rniae. Great npiiortunltv
   to furnish yourh-ma at LOWES'f COST
   and most lllwral credit t«»ro» ever mad*.
   Aak for Catalog Nojm

■HARTMAN

 I FURNITURE & CARPET CO.

 9 4085 Wentworth Avenue

 ■ - CHICAGO. Ity,

 “Wonder’
 Vacuum Sweeper

 Na.MKlHl. Noitwh-
 fibre tv^rinirs »nd t>-l
 low* lifting rod<,*«- I
 fnun*dust bag, wtdn
 opening dost pan.
 pm«Mxf steel top. 4
 drive wb'-tls on

 bt-ilnWS

 and l.'in.onxsle.
 Nickeled, Fully

  Nickeled. Fully

 Piamntoed.
 ri» S3.97

50c _

Nearly everybody reads Snappy Stories
Chaste Luc)) was so pure, so good,
Bad men passed by in haste.
They J never thinl( of chasing her.
So Lucy n>as unchased!

Can YOU write
Jingles like that?

If you can, the

SNAPPY STORIES JINGLE CONTEST

The Judges

OLIVER
HERFORD,

  the famous hu-
  morous artist
  and writer.

ELLIS
PARKER
BUTLER,

 whose book
 “Pigs Is Pigs'
 made him a
 leader of Amer-
 ican humor, and

CHARLES
HANSON
TOWNE,

  the well - known
  poet and editor,
  will be the
  judges.

will interest you, for it oilers 68 cash
and other prizes for

FOUR-LINE JINGLES ABOUT
CHASTE LUCY

$100 for the best Jingle
$50 for the second best
$25 for the third best
$10 for each of the five next best
$5 for each of the ten next best

Each of the fifty next best will receive a
j car’s subscription to the Twice-a-Month
“Snappy Stories." the regular price of
which is three dollars.

68 PRIZES IN ALL

and in addition every issue of “Snappy
Stories” published while the contest is run-
ning will contain a number of the best
jingles received, for each of which $i.oo
will be paid, this payment being separate
and distinct from the prizes, and in no
way influencing the awards.

  The contest is declared open on the 4H1
day of January, and it will close April 4th.
All six issues of “Snappy Stories" pub-
lished during that time will contain these
conditions. All jingles mailed by that date,
as indicated by the postmark on the out-
side envelope, will be eligible for prizes.
The awards will be made thereafter as
soon as possible.

  No verses will be returned, so don’t en-
close stamps for that purpose.

 No employee of The New Fiction
Publishing Company will be eligible to
compcte.

  The Conditions

  1.	Jinsles must all be
about the same character,
Lucy, extolling her vir-
tues in some humorous
way.

  2.	They must be of four
lines, similar in metre to
the sample given.

  3.	Each jingle must be
written or typed on the
outside of an envelope,
inside oi which must be
placcd a slip of paper on
which is written the name
and address of the con-
testant. The envelope
must be sealed, and it will
not be opened until the
judges have rendered their
decisions.

  4.	More than one jin-
gle piay be written on
an envelope, if desired.

  5.	-MI jingles submit-
ted must be addressed
Contest Editor. Snappy
Stories. ,ts-.ir West 39th
Street, New York City.

  6.	You may send in
as many verses as you
like, and a contestant
sending in more than one
verse is entitled to as
many prizes as his verses
can win for him. Until
after the decisions are
made the judges will po?>i-
tively not know whether
a writer is represented
more than oncc or not.

  7.	Yon may change the
form of the first line if
you care to: and while it
is not necessary to put
a title to each verse, a
clever title may be a
deciding factor in the
awarding of a prue.

       In the event of the judges' being unable to decide as to which of two or more con-
   testants is entitled to a prize, owing to their jinglcs’Jieing of equal merit, a prize 01 the
   full amount will be awarded t'o each of these contestants.

      Why don't you try for a prize? You should be. able to write a four-line
  jingle similar to the one at the top of the page. Try anyway. There is no en-
  trance fee, and you don't even have to be a subscriber. And tell your triends.

                                       Hl»:»s OK ISAAC GOLD MANN CO.. NEW Y09.K
TWICE A MONTH

 FIRST

MARCH

NUMBER

A MAGAZINE OF ENTERTAINING FICTION

15c