A Gypsy Fantasy

           by

    Paul

  Regard

SATURDAY M AY TEN CENTS


About Wrinkles

         If the skin be kept soft and smooth, wrinkles may be
staved off almost indefinitely. But the question is—
How is it possible to achieve this?

The Natural Way of Preventing Wrinkles
is to use

Pears’ Soap

The soap that was invented 125 years ago for this
special purpose, and has never been equalled for its
exquisite emollient and skin-vivifying properties.

          Its action is at once protective and preservative, main-
          taining the skin in a healthy condition and retaining
          its youthful freshness.

The Great
English
Complexion
Soap

Matchless
for the
Complexion

‘ A11 rights secured”

OF ALL SCENTED SOAPS PEARS’ OTTO OF ROSE IS THE BEST
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

       Where will you be next year ? You have your mind set on a better job, haven’t you ?
You want to earn more money, don’t you ? You feel that you ought to make more of
yourself and that NO W is the time to start. Right so far, isn ’t it ?

      Well, what are you going to do about it ? Just “wishing” won’t get you
anywhere. Do you know enough ? Have you had the training that the bigger
job requires ? Be honest with yourself.

Look the ^tuation squarely in the face.
Your who£ future depends upon the
way you answer those questions now.

    If you are willing to admit that the job
you want requires a big man, a well-informed
man, a well - trained man, why not let
the International Correspondence Schools
qualify you for the job?

    Every month 400 men of all ages and
occupations report advancement in position
and salary wholly due to I. C. S. training.

   These men stopped “wishing” and
acted. They marked the coupon. .

  Mark the Coupon

   No matter how little you earn and
regardless of your present situation or pre-
vious lack of opportunity, the I. C. S. can
help you. Mark the coupon to-day.

r International correspondence schools' n

Box 804, SCRANTON, PA.

     Explain, without any obligation on my part, how I can
     qualify for the position before which I mark x

   Salesmanship
   Electrical Engineer
   Elec. Lighting Supt.
   Electric Car Running
   Electric Wireman
   Telephone Expert
   Architect

   Building Contractor

   Architectural Draftsman
   Structural Engineer
   Concrete Construction
   Meehan. Engineer
   Mechanical Draftsman
   Refrigeration Engineer
   Civil Engineer
   Surveyor

   Mine Superintendent
   Metal Mining
   Locomotive Fireman Sc Eng.
   Stationary Engineer
   Textile Manufacturing
   Gas Engines

Civil Service
Railway Mail Clerk
Bookkee®*ng
Stenography & Typewriting
Window Trimming
Show Card Writing
Lettering & Sign Painting
Advertising
Commercial Illustrating
Industrial Designing
Commercial Law
Automobile Running
Teacher

English Branches
Good English for Every One
Agriculture
Poultry Farming
Plumbing & Steam Fitting
Sheet Metal Worker
Navigation	Spanish

Languages	French

Chemist	German

Name-

Present Occupation .

Street and No._

City-

  , State-

    and have a good half hour’s talk with yourself

  Go over in the corner

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Stohy Weekly.
 is to put the reader in touch imme-
 diately the newest needfuls for
 the horrSsjj>ffice, farm, or person; to
 offert<_,»^ seek, an unusual business
 opportunity, or to suggest a service
 that niay be performed satisfactorily
 through correspondence. It will pay
 a housewife OMfusiness man equally
 well to read these advertisements
 carefully.

Classified
Rates in
The Munsey Magazine*

                        Line liate

 The Munsey .... $2.00\

 The Cavalier (Weekly) .60 )

The Cavalier (Weekly) .60 I r

The Argosy.....1.30 / CombiMtlon \

Railroad Man’s Maga-
zine .......

All-Story Weekly . .

$5.50 j

  Rate
  $5.20
  Lets cash

  discount.

May 30 All-Story Forms Close May 9

   New Force In, Bunin ess” it a booklet that tells how to
advertise successfully. in the classified departments of tht
Munsey Publications. Mailed anywhere on request.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 WE FURNISH YOU CAPITAL TO RUN PROFITABLE

business of your own. Become one of our local representatives
and sell high grade, custom made shirts; also guaranteed
sweaters, underwear, hosiery ami neckties direct to homes.
Write Steadfast Mills, Dept. 23, Cohoes, N. Y.

 TWO CAPABLE SALESPEOPLE WANTED in your town.

Big commissions. Something absolutely new. Unusual opportu-
nity. Write Tolax Co., 23 Devereux St., Utica, N. Y.

  Agents—The Biggest Seller Out. Beer in concentrated form.
A good glass of Beer wanted by everybody. So convenient—cheap
-show it, sell them all. Carry right in your pocket. Enormous
demand—big prolits. Send no money. Just a postal for Free
Sample proposition. The Ambrew Co., Dept. 1048. Cincinnati, O.

 LARGE INCOME SELLING SPECIALTY RUGS. Colored
illustrations and Important Information free. Sample rug for-
warded prepaid. $1.00. Reference Boylston Natl. Bank, Boston.
Dundee Mfg. Co., 46 Chauncy Street, Boston, Mass. _

 A G E N tT W A N T E D . — AGENTS MAKE 500 PER
CENT. PROFIT selling " Novelty Sign Cards.” Merchants
buy 10 to 100 on sight. 800 varieties. Catalogue Free.
Sullivan Co.. 1233 W. Van Buren Street, Chicago. 111._

 HONEST MAN WANTED IN EACH TOWN to distribute
free advertising premiums; $15.00 a week to start: ex-
perience unnecessary. References required. Address McLean,
Black & Co., 5 S. Beverly Street, Boston, Mass._

 SAVE YOUR LEGS.—WHY WORK SO HARD FOR SO

little, when our line assures you large profits and the work
requires such little effort'{ Investigate this. Samples free.
Luther Gordon Co., 20S N. 5th Avenue, Chicago._

 AGENTS— RED HOT SUMMER SELLER.—Concentrated
soft drinks—orangeade, grape, raspberry, etc. 7 kinds. Small
package—enormous demand. Whirlwind sales—astonishing profits.
C.et it quick, whlie it’s new. Write to-day for full particulars.
American Products Co.,_3003_Sycamore St., Cincinnati,_O.

 WHAT ARE YOU SELLING? If we had your address
we’d show you how to sell more, send you free pocket
sample and largely increase your profits—not one week,
but weekly. S. Mfg. Co., 20D . Warren Street, New York.

WOMEN AGENTS

 AGENTS WANTED TO SELL BRASSIERES,
NIGHT GOWNS, COMBINATIONS. AND CORSETS ON
SALARY AND COMMISSION. Quick results assured.
Rechnitz Bros.. 142-146 West 24th St.. New York City.

HELP WANTED

 MEN OF IDEAS AND INVENTIVE ABILITY should write
for new " Lists of Needed Inventions," Patent Buyers, and
“ How to Get Your Patent and Your Money." Advice free.
Randolph & Co., Patent. Attorneys, Dept. 40, Washington, D. C.

 GOVERNMENT POSITIONS PAY BIG MONEY. Examina-
tions everywhere soon. Get prepared by former United States
Civil Service Examiner. 64 page booklet free. Write to-day.
Patterson Civil Service School, Box 1804, Rochester, N. Y.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

 BUILD A $5000.00 BUSINESS IN TWO YEARS. Let us

start you in collection business. No capital needed; big
field. We teach secrets of collecting money; refer business
to you. Write to - day for Free Pointers and new plan.
American Collection Service. 11 State Street, Detroit, Mich.

 LD-IT, A NEW DISCOVERY. Needed in every home, office,
store, garage—everywhere.. Be the wholesale. distributor rin your
locality. Profitable, Permanent, Sales Repeating. Write today.
Ritter Specialty Co., M-5, Columbus, Ohio. • -

TYPEWRITERS

 GENUINE TYPEWRITER BARGATNS; no matter what
make, will quote you lowest prices and easiest, terms, or rent,
■allowing rental on priceT Write for? big bargain list and cata-
logue 16. L. J. Peabody, 286 Devonshire Streeti.JBoston. Mass.

PATENTS THAT PROTECT AND PAY. ADVICE
AND BOOKS FREE. Highest refer. n<vs. Best results.
Promptness assured. Send sketch or model for free search.
Watson E. CoLman, 624 F Street, Washington, D. C.

__O

PATENT SECURED OR FEE RETURNED. SEND SKETCH

for free report as to tatentability. Guide Book and What to
Invent, with valuable list of Inventions Wanted, sent free.
One Million Dollars offered for one invention. Patents se*

cured by us advertised free in World’s Progress; sample free.
Victor J. Evans & Co., Washington, 1>. C.

UNITED STATES AND FOREIGN PATENTS and Trade-

Marks. Free book and opinion as to patentability. Joshua
R. 11. Potts, Patent Lawyer, 8 Dearborn St., Chicago; 929
Chestnut St., Philadelphia; 805 G St., Washington.

"PRIZES. FOR PATENTS.” "MONEY IN PATENTS.*’

“ How To Get Your Patent And Money.’' “Why Some
Inventors Fall.” Needed Inventions.” Sent free. Randolph
& Co., 624 F Street, Washington, D. C.

IDEAS WANTED—MANUFACTURERS ARE WRITING

for patents procured through me. Three books with list 200
inventions wanted sent free. Advice Free. I get patent or
no fee. R. B. Owen, 69 Owen Building, Washington, D. C.

MUSIC AND SHEET MUSIC

SONG POEMS WANTED: MONEY IN SUCCESSFUL

SONGS. Send us your poems for examination. We revise, write
the music, pay for and secure copyright in your name, arrange
for orchestra and furnish song slides. Particulars, terms and
book, “ How Music Makes Money,” free. C. L. Partee Co.,
406 Astor Theatre Building, New York.

SONG POEMS WANTED. We will write^nusic to your
words, publish, advertise and copyright in you^Piame. Send us
your song poems or melodies. Instructive	free. Marks-

Goldsmith Co., Dept. 26, Washington, D.

PIANOS

DO NOT PAY FANCY PRICES FOR CHEAP NEW PIANOS:

buy standard make slightly used. We have a large assortment
of the best makes from $125.00 up, delivery free anywhere, and
very easy terms. For sixty-five years Pease Pianos have been
a standard of durability. Write for complete list. Pease Pianos,
Leggett Avenue and Barry Street, Bronx, N. Y.

MOTION PICTURE PLAYS

WRITE MOVING PICTURE PLAYS; $10.00 to $100.00

each; constant demand; devote all or spare time; experience,
literary ability or correspondence course unnecessary. Details
free. Atlas Publishing Co., 312 Atlas Bank Bldg., Cincinnati, O.

STAMPS AND RARE COINS

$4.25 PAID FOR FLYING EAGLE CENTS DATED 1856.

We pay a cash premium on hundreds of old coins. Send 10c at
once for New Illustrated Coin \^lue Book, 4x7. It may mean
your fortune. Clarke & Co., Coin dealers. Box 103, Le Roy, N.Y.

TELEGRAPHY

TELEGRAPHY—MORSE AND WIRELESS—Railway account-
ing (station agency) taught quickly, and^'Rallroad and Western
Union wires and complete Marconi Wireless-Station in school:*
Oldest and largest school. Expenses low—can earn part. Positions
^secured. Catalog free. Dodge's Institute. 10th St/, Valparaiso, Ind.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Story Weekly.
ALL STORY WEEKLY

Vol. XXXI	CONTENTS FOR MAY 2, 1914	No. 1

A Novel—Complete in this Issue

THE HAUNTED LEGACY........................................Paul REGARD 1

Four Serial Stories

A PRIZE FOR PRINCES. Part I.............................Rex T. STOUT	111

HAPPILY EVER AFTER. Part II......................MARTHA M. STANLEY	151

AN ANCIENT GRUDGE. Part I....WILLIAM TlLLINGHAST ELDRIDGE	173

FALSE FORTUNES. Part III.....................................FRANK CONLY 195

Four Short Stories

HOURS OF GRACE............................................HERMAN STRUCK	100

ALICIA GOES A-BURGLING....................ARTHUR SOMERS ROCHE	142

THE PURSUIT OF ANTAR...........................Mary Linda Bradley	164

“NOTHING EVER HAPPENS”.......................EFFIE RAVENSCROFT	187

Supplement from The Cavalier

THE GRAND GETAWAY. Part I.....................A. H. C. MITCHELL 1

CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT. Part II................EDGAR FRANKLIN 16

THE EDITOR’S DESK................................................The Editor 222

NEXT WEEK’S
Complete book-length novel will be by

J. EARL GLAUSON

the author of “ The Outsider.”

HIS NEW STORY IS GALLED

RED WAMPUM

and is a fine American yarn about red-
skins and settlers of the early days.

ISSUED WEEKLY BY THE FRANK A. MVNSEY COMPANY.
175 Fifth Averwie, New York, &nd Temple Hovise, Temple Avervvie, E. C., London

Frank A. Munbst, President.	Richard H. Titbbrimoton, Secretary.	Christoph** H. Fopi, Treasurer.

Single Copies, 10c. Copyright, 1914, by The Frank A. Munsey Company By the Year, $4.00

ENTERED AT THE NEW YORK POST-OFFlOE AS SECOND-OLABS MAIL MATTER.—COPYRIGHTED IN GREAT BRITAIN.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The only reliable
lighting system

   Prest-O-Lite spells safety — it
 is absolutely reliable.

   It is simple and sturdy. It stands
 the rough and tumble work, the jolts
 and the vibration. Has no delicate
 connections or frail parts.

   Your light may snap out suddenly
 at a critical time, if it depends on a
 toy storage battery or any other com-
 plicated system.

   Prest-O-Lite is the most convenient
 system. Needs practically no attention,
 has no mysteries, and breeds no troubles.

   The first cost is small. The oper-
 ating expense is no greater than that
 of a carbide generator, and only one-
 third to one-fifth that of electric light.

30-Day Free Trial

   You can prove all our claims for
 Prest-O-Lite by our 30-day trial plan.
 Before buying any other system, insist
 upon the same kind of a test.

Don’t pay for poor light

    Any dealer who offers you a combination of
 equipment, including any other lighting system,
 will give you Prest-O-Lite instead, if you insist.
 And if you know the facts, you will insist.
 Tear off on the dotted line,
 write your name and address
 below and mail it for com-
 plete information about
 motorcycle lighting.

The Prest-O-Lite Co., Inc.

733 Speedway	Indianapolis, Ind.

(Contributor to Lincoln Highway.)

Please send facts on ALL Lighting Systems to

 Prest-O - Lite
 is ideal for
 Stereopticons

BE YOUR
 OWN
 BOSS

If yoaare making
less than $50 a
week write us to-
day, We can help
you to wealth and
independence by our plan,
you can work when you pleas®,
where you please, always have
money and the means of.
making barrels more of It.

   Just listen to this.

 Mr. Lloyd started from
 San Francisco and trav-
 eled to New York. He
 stayed at the best Hotels, lived like a Lord wherever he went and cleaned
 up more than $10.00 every day he was out. Another man worked the
 fairs and summer resorts, and when there was nothing special to do,
 just started out on any street he happened to select, got busy and pulled
 In $8.00 a day for month after month. Thid interests you, don’t it?

 MY PROPOSITION ,8 H WonrtP,,f,|l Kew Camera with which

  III I rnUrUOl I lull you can take and instantaneously develop pictures
  on Paper Post Cards and Tintypes. Every picture is developed without flints
  or negatives and is ready to deliver to your customer in a minute after
  making the exposure. Tills remarkable Invention takes 100 picr
  turesan hour and pays you a profit of from 600 to 1,600 percent. Everybody
  wants pictures and each sale you make advertises your business and makes
  more sales for you. Simple Instructions accompany each outfit and you can
  begin to make money in a short time after the outfit reaches you.

 U|C TRUST YOU ®° ,M,,ch confidence have we In our

  If L I MUO I I UU proposition that we trust you for part of the cost
  of the outfit. The regular nulling price of the Camera and complete'work-
  ing outfit is reasonable. The profits are so big, so quick, so sure that you
  could afford to pay the full price if we asked you to do so. -But we are,'so.
  absolutely certain that you can make big money from the start that we trust
  you fora substantial sum which you need not pay unless you clean up $200
  the first month. Fair enough, Isn’t ltl

Do not delay a minute, but write us today

for our free catalog and full particulars.

 L. LASCELLE, 627 W. 43d St.

 Dept.

 1215,

 New York

Best grade cedar canoe for$ 20

Detroit canoes can’t sink

 All canoes cedar and copper fastened. We make all
 sizes and styles, also power canoes. Write for free catalog,
 giving prices with retailer’s profit cut out. We are
 the largest manufacturers of canoes in the world.
 DETROIT BOAT CO., 246 Bellevue Ave., Detroit, Mich.

I

                                               LOOK LIKE
                                               DIAMONDS

 Stand acid and fire diamond test.
 So hard they easily scratch a file and
 will cut glass. Brilliancy guaran-
 teed 25 years. Mounted in 14k solid gold
 diamond mountings. See them before pay-
 ing:. Will send you any style ring, pin or stud for
 examination —all charges prepaid. No money in advance.
 Monoy refunded if not satisfactory. Write today for free catalog.

WHITE VALLEY GEM CO., 703 Wulsin Bids., Indianapolis

 School Information

 cxxxx^cxxxxrxzxzxxxxxxxxxxxzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx:

      READERS of Munsey’s Magazine are
      • cordially invited to use Munsey’s
      School Information Service.

            If you intend to send your son or daughter
        away to school, write and tell us just what
        you have in mind, so that we may place our
        fund of school information at your disposal.

           This service is rendered without cost to
        ! you, and inquiries will be answered promptly
        j and effectively. Merely state about how
        | much you wish to pay for tuition, the kind
        of school desired, and its locality.

     J

 pxxxxxxxxxzxxxzrxxzxxxxxxxxxzzz:cxxzxzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx:

H Munsey’s School Information Service

 h	175 Fifth Avenue, New York City

 :xxzzzxxxzzzxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxzxxx
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

 Special

 BARGAIN

 SALE

I

“EVERYBODY’S DOING IT”—BUYING

DIAMONDS, WATCHES, JEWELRY, on CREDIT,

YOU SAVE ONE-THIRD

Diamonds

Watches

on Credit

 These are our Big Leaders — always fashionable,
 always worn by lovers of artistic jewelry. Let us
 send you any of these handsome pieces, or any article
 shown in our Catalog, for your examination and ap-
 proval, all delivery charges prepaid by us. If satisfact-
 ory, send us one-fifth of purchase price as first payment.

  Send for FREE

 Jewelry

 Catalog

  (Established 1858)
  STORES ALSO IN:

  PITTSBURGH
    ST. LOUIS
    OMAHA

              balance in eight equal amounts, payable monthly.

             No. 520-Diamond Ring,"The Young Man’s Favorite,'

             6-prong “Tooth" mounting, 14k solid gold . . $65
             No. 521-Diamond Ring, the famous Loftis "Perfec-
             tion” mounting, 14k solid gold . . # . . $50
             No. 625-LaValliere, solid gold, 1 Diamond, 4 whole
             Pearls, 2 Sapphires; with 15 in. chain. Our best seller,$25

 _ Our handsome 116-page Catalog, illustrating over

  2,000 bargains, is sent free on request. All the new, popular styles in
  Jewelry—gorgeously beautiful Diamonds, Artistic solid gold and platinum
  mountings —exquisite things—thatsellin some cash stores at almost double our prices.
  Our Easy Credit Plan is fully explained in Catalog. Send for it today. IT IS FREE.

 — LOFTIS BROS. & CO., Diamonds, Watches, etc.

           Dept. N 846 too to 10S N. State Street. CHICACO, ILL.

LEARN RAGTIME

  Let me teach YOU Ragtime Piano Play*
  ingbymail. You learn quickly—easily
  ^in 20 lessons. Even if you can*t
  play a note I* 11 teach you to
  play any piece in real Rag-
  time. “Money-back” Guarantee.

        Write me now for specia I low terms and _

        testimonials from hundreds of happy students.

        Axel Christensen (Czar of Ragtime) Director
        Christensen School of Popular Music

      90® Christensen Bldg., CHICAGO, ILL.

SONG

                 POEMS WANTED BssBHfififr’gfTffiE

                        ■ WL-I.IW II nil I L. V LAKS in royalties. Send
                        me samples of your work for free criticism or write
                        for valuable FREE BOOKLET and fairest, most liberal
                        proposition offered by a legitimate publishing house
                        employing: ONLY successful methods. Absolute pro-
                        tection for you. Est. 16 years. Many Successes.

 JOHN T. HALL, Pres., 134 Columbus Circle, New York

PREPARE
FOR A

Government Position

The Parcel Post is creating- thousands of openings in the Post
Office, Railway Mail and Rural Carrier services. These are
life jobs with good pay and short hours, annual vacations and no
fear of ,l lay-offs” or strikes. Civil Service examinations for these
and other desirable positions are being held all the time. Our
64-page booklet tells how you can prepare for “exams” under per-
sonal supervision of former U. S. Civil Service Secretary-Examiner
—a man who knows and whose knowledge has helped hundreds to
success. Write to-day for booklet. It s free, without obligation.

PATTERSON CIVIL SERVICE SCHOOL. 455 Administration Sq., ROCHESTER, N. Y.

AGENTS

$35 to $75 A WEEK INCOME.

New invention. Scrubs, takes up
water. No wringing, no cloths,
less work. Big sales—big profits. Exclusive territory.
Write today. Special terms.

PIRRUNO MFG. CO., Dept. 346, Chicago, III.

'.fo rvThe G red test>to tor Boat
r I5U For Thetloney Ever Built

             MULLINS 16 foot special steel launch
 affords the pleasures of motor boating, and provides
 a safe, seaworthy, dependable motor boat, with grace-
 ful lines and beautiful finish—Absolutely Guar-
 anteed Against Puncture—Safe as a life boat,
 with air chambers concealed beneath decks in bow
 and stern —Can’t warp, split, dry out or rot —No
 seams to calk—No cracks to leak.

 MULLINS $130 Special Launch is equipped with2-
 Cycle, 3-H. P. Ferro engines, that can’t stall—Speed 8 1-2
 to 9 miles an hour —One man control — Fitted with
 MULLINS silent under-water exhaust.

  This 16 footer seats 8 people comfortably—has i foot beam
  and 11 foot 4 inch cockpit—Positively the greatest launch
  value ever offered. Write today for beautifully illus-
  trated motor boat catalog, containing full particulars.

     THE W. H. MULLINS COMPANY
 324 Franklin St.	Salem, Ohio, U. S. A.

THE WORLD’S LARGEST BOAT BUILDERS

M ULLINS STEEL BOATS CAN’TSITSK

AGENTS

 $45 TO $80
 A WEEK

1 Thousands of dollars paid to

agents already in the field; Will

Gunckle, of Ohio, got #240 worth of

orders first week. A. Bernider, of

Kansas, made $30 in four hours.

Made 8 calls, took 6 orders. Well,

of Missouri, made #10 in one hour.

Hamilton, of Wyoming, made $60

first two days. We want good

agents in every county in the United States, Canada and Mexico.

NFW IN VFNTION-hist out. Nothing like it. FOLDING BATH
   vy ir* v t	TUB GWes to every home a complete

bath room in any part of the house—without expense. Biggest,
quickest, surest money maker of the century for agents. Territory
being rapidly assigned. Send your application today.

100% PROFIT We back you with our capital and experience.

.	.	- We give you complete instructions, assistance

and co-operation. No charge for territory. Don’t delay. Send your
name at once. Write plainly and give name.of your county. Com-
plete particulars FREE. Write today.

ROBINSON MFG. CO., 35 Factories Bldg., TOLEDO, 0.

Do You Want Money?

Listen ! You are facing a rare opportunity to make money in big quantities as a one
minute photographer. No experience. Small capital. Unlimited money-making field. Every-
buys. 13c profit on a sale. Fifty sales a day bring $6.50 profit. Write at once for our

FREE BOOK ABOUT THE

“MANDEL” POST CARD MACHINE

A wonderful one minute picture machine. A portable post card gallery. Takes, finishes and de-
livers post card and button photos at the rate of^tlkee a minute. - No plates, films or dark room. Enor<
mous profits for red blooded,, ambitions men and women. No waiting. No delays. Profits begin at once.
First sales bring back practically entire, investment, tion’t delay—get an early start. Fairs, carnivals, picnics,
outdoor celebrations, busy corners, small or large towns—money everywhere with a “Mandel” Machine.
Consider the big chance we offer you and write without delay.

THE CHICAGO FERROTYPE CO 47^Fe.r,2type BuHdin*,_CHICAGOf or Dept..478, Public

                                        Bank Building, 89-9t Pelancey Street, NEW YORK.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Story Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Statement of the ownership, management, etc., of
ALL-STORY WEEKLY, published weekly at New York,
N. Y., required by the Act of August 24th, 1912.

     NOTE—This statement is to be made in duplicate, botli copies to be delivered by the publisher
to the Postmaster, who will send one copy to the Third Assistant Postmaster-General (Division of
Classification), Washington, D. C., and retain the other in the files of the Post-Office.

    Editor—T. N. Metcalf, 175 5th Ave., New York, N. Y.

    Managing Editor—T. N. Metcalf, 175 5th Ave., New York, N. Y.

    Business Manager—Wm. T. Dewart, 175 5th Ave., New York, N. Y.

    Publisher—The Frank A. Munsey Company, 175 5th Ave., New York, N. Y.

     Owners: (If a corporation, give names and addresses of stockholders holding 1 per
cent or more of total amount of stock.)

    Frank A. Munsey, 175 Fifth Ave., New York, N. Y.

     Known bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holders, holding 1 per cent or
more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities:

       There are no bonds, mortgages, or other securities against

    The Frank A. Munsey Company.

WM. T. DEWART, Business Manager.

       --Sworn to and subscribed before me this 9th day of April, 1914.

      sbal	J. D. BROPHY, Notary Public No. 485, New York County.

     --(My commission expires March 31, 1915.)

Did you ever study a map of the United
States, Canada and Mexico?

     Those three countries contain more than 400,000
     miles of railroads. Those railroads pass through
     thousands of prosperous cities, towns and vil-
     lages. In each of those places are dozens of
     stories that are suitable for the

 Railroad Man’s Magazine

        Write to the editor of that publication for full details regarding
        length and treatment of story, payment and all other particulars.

  Address: Editor, “Railroad Man’s Magazine”
  THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY
  175 Fifth Avenue,.....New York City, U. S. A.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Story Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

-NO. 40-1-2 kt.; No. 42-5-8 kt.; No. 45
». 4G-.3-8 kt.; No. 47-5-8 kt.; No. 48- .
>. 49—5-8, 1-10 kt. Compare these
ers. We import the rough Dia*
m here, save 33 percent duty.	fil

to you. Write today for	'A^jfi

1.0 0 and SPECIAL
NO OFFER of

BLUE WHITE

GENUINE

DIAMONDS

, MODERATE PRICES
          easv
          sJERMS

cv .

Buy direct from
Importers and Save
Dealer’s Profits. Startling
low prices—and pay in little amounts '
from time to time.

           , Certified Guarantee with every Diamond—guaran-
         teeing its weight and quality. A safe way to buy and save
         money — no inconvenience—and have the Diamond now.
         Perfectly cut, blue white Diamonds, gleaming, sparkling,
         scintillating — genuine high quality. Not a cent to pay
         until you have examined the Diamond. We send you free mag-
         nifying glass. Any diamond in our

Beautifully illustrated Diamond and Watch Free Catalog

          will be Bent for examination without obligation. Thia offer is open to
          every honest person—OPEN' TO YOU. Note the wonderful
          , values Bhowa here—NO. 40-1-2
          -1-4,1-10 kt; No. 4G-3-8
          3-8,1-16 kt.; No. 49-5-8,
          prices with others. We
          t nmnds, out them here.

            Give the saving
     our BIO C A T A
     WORLD-BEATIN
     One Carat Diamonds for only $100*

     All Diamonds, also watches, on easy
terms—no money first. Send for Catalog
today.

The Walker Edmund Co..

DIAMOND IMPORTERS

MAKE A MOTOR-BOAT OF ANY
ROWBOAT IN LESS THAN ONE MINUTE

 TURN ANY ROWBOAT INTO A MOTOR-BOAT WITH AN

Starts with one-
twelfth turn of
fly-wheel; no
cranking.

Drives a row-
boat 8 miles an
hour -- a canoe
12 miles.

 So simple to operate that women and children are “Evin-
 ruding” everywhere. Why not get one for your vacation!
 By special arrangement we have procured as an exclusive
 feature,the

FAMOUS MAXIM SILENCER

 and can apply it to either 1913 or 1911 models. The “Evinrnde”
                  has always been practically silent in operation, but this ad-
                  dition makes it a veritable triumph. No similar motor can
                  use the Maxim Silencer. It has been added
                  to the already long list of exclusive ‘*Evin-
                  rude” features. It is the only marine motor
                  In the world having a

Built-In Reversible Magneto

                              This magneto is not affected by
             rain, waves or even complete
             submersion. The * •Evinrnde” is
             built by the largest manufacturers of row-
             boat motors in the world. Capacity for 11*14.60,000.
             Has been adopted by twelve governments. In-
             cluding the U.S. A. Weight about 60 pounds, may
             be carried like a suit case. For sale at Hardware
             and Sporting Goods Dealers everywhere.

                 Illustrated Catalog Free Upon Request.

EVINRUDE MOTOR COMPANY

522 M Street	Milwaukee, Wis.

For good dressers
and careful spenders

  The kind of men who buy Style-
 plus Clothes $17 dress the best and
 save the most. They have two
 prides — pride in their persona!
 appearance and pride in their ability
 to get the most for their money—
 to make “the best buy.”

     Dept .'A
 7 W. Madison St.
 Chicago,

 III.

                                   TPAOTl m«rk REGISTERE©

“The same price the world over'

   A Styleplus suit this spring will
 save you at least $3 to $8, for it has the
 look and the wear you thought only
 possible in clothes of the higher price.

   Style+all wool fabrics. Style+per-
 fect fit. Style+expert workmanship.
 Style+guaranteed wear.

   You can tell a genuine Styleplus by
 the label (in the coat collar), the
 Sleeve Ticket, and the Guarantee (in
 the pocket).

   Send for our book, //

“As Others See ft 11 j \
You.”	' WFIm \\

Henry Sonneborn
& Co.

 Founded 1849 Baltimore, Md.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention All-Stoby Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY—ADVERTISING SECTION.

     Soda crackers are extremely
     sensitive to moisture.

     Before the advent of Uneeda
     Biscuit the only persons who
     ever tasted fresh, crisp soda
     crackers were the people in the
     bakeries.

    Now that we have Uneeda
    Biscuit—we have perfectly
    baked soda crackers—perfectly
    kept.

     No moisture can reach them—
     no contaminating influences
     can affect their flavor — their
     goodness is imprisoned only to
     be liberated by you for you
     when you open the package.
     Five cents.

NATIONAL BISCUIT
COMPANY

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention All-Story Weekly.
ALL-STORY WEEKLY

 VOL. XXXI	MAY 2, 1914.	No. 1

CHAPTER I.

OUT Of THE INVISIBLE-

ALMOST before the limousine
l came to a standstill young
■ Turga had thrown open the
door and was darting across the side-
walk. He had tea-ed and tangoed for
half • an hour longer than he should
have done, and he was in danger of
being late for a dinner engagement.

  It was his twenty - first birthday.
The day had been full of excitement
and drinks of one kind or another,
and his nerves were on the jump.
Youth and nerves were both in his
present haste, yet as the street door
closed behind him he paused.

    I	S

  In his hand was a soiled, yellow
envelope. How it had got there he
wasn’t quite sure. He had a vague
recollection of having passed some
one on the outer steps. He wasn’t
sure. Yet there was the envelope.

  It was odd. Athwart his high-
strung nerves there swept, very light-
ly, a minor chord of uneasiness — a
ghostly hand on the strings of a harp.
He turned and threw a glance back in
the direction from which he had just
come.	,

  Waiting automobile—a few nonde-
script pedestrians—general impression
of a misty, autumnal evening, with
the lights on streets and passing vehi-
cles showing dimly—and that was all.
2

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  No one in the lobby, iiq one lurking
on the steps, and yet the impression
was growing stronger, now that he
took thought, that there had been
somebody there — a man, gaunt, dark
—dark because the only really notice-
able thing about him was the whites
of his eyes.

  Turga looked down at the missive
again with a shuddering little smile«
For a second or two he was almost
tempted to cast it from him as a thing
unclean. He mentally decided to burn
his gloves, at any rate.

  Still holding the yellow envelope in
his hand, he entered the elevator and
was carried to his bachelor quarters
on the top floor.

  An aged man servant was there to
receive him — a man with a swarthy
complexion and glowing dark eyes,
with the stamp of strength and passion
about him still despite his snow-white
hair..

  His appearance, as well as his lan-
guage when he spoke, showed unmis-
takably that he and his young master
were sprung from the same race.

  For Turga also was dark—'dark,
slim, elegant—and his eyes had all the
sombrous luster of the East.

  “ What is this thing, Paulo? ” asked
Turga, with a little laugh, as he al-
lowed the servant to take his hat and
stick. “ Begging letter, I suppose.”

  Paulo took the letter as well, just as
he had taken hat and stick, with un-
smiling humility; but as he looked at
the yellow envelope a gradual change
of expression came over his face.

  “ Open it,” young Turga flung over
his shoulder as he strode through the
padded luxury of his drawing - room
into the room beyond. He had already
floundered through his bath and into
fresh linen when Paulo appeared
again.

  In one of his hands the servant still
held the yellow envelope, - and in the
other was a crumpled sheet of paper.
He was trembling. His eyes glowed,
and he smiled slightly.

  “ It is the call, sir,” he said in the

same musical language which Turga
had used a little while before in ad-
dressing him.

  “ What call? ”

  Turga was struggling to get his tie
just right, and didn’t even turn. But
he let his eyes drift beyond the shoul-
der of his reflection to where the re-
flected Paulo stood. What Turga saw
in the - old man’s face brought him
round with a recurrence of that same
feeling of uncanniness he had experi-
enced a little while before in the lower
hall.

  “ What call, Paulo ? ” he asked,
with a touch of irascibility. “ Noth-
ing doing for to-night, at any rate;
I’m late now.”

  “ It is for to-night, sir.”

  With visible constraint of the ex-
citement which illumined his face,
Paulo stepped forward with the paper
outheld. Turga took it with a little
gesture of impatience. He read a sin-
gle line:

Come with Paulo at nine o’clock.

  The only signature was a symbol in
the form of a cross, to the arms of
which were added winglike projections.

  “ Why, this is absurd! ” he ex-
claimed. “ It is necessary for me to
be at the Plaza in fifteen minutes. I’m
late now.”

  But even as he spoke he had a creep-
ing sensation that the thing was not
absurd. Paulo had never looked nor
acted like this. Moreover, he felt that
at last he was on the verge of enlight-
enment as to the mystery which had
enshrouded his life. " "

  It made him gasp. He knew so lit-
tle about himself! All that he did
know had been told him by Paulo.
That he was rich, that he was noble—•
these things he had accepted as nat-
urally as he accepted the color of his
hair. So had it beeti even with his
name.

  He was Count Carlos Turga. No
one had ever questioned it, he himself
least of all. And Paulo was his serv-
ant.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY,

3

  “ Look here, Paulo,” he said after
a frowning pause. “ I ask you what’s
the meaning of this confounded tom-
foolery— anonymous letter, go with
you whether I want to or not? I call
it cheeky. They can go to the devil! ”
The boy was speaking to convince
himself, not Paulo. The old servant
listened without change of expression.
“ You’ll have to go, sir.”

 " Why?”

  “ It is important, sir.”

  “ And if I refuse? ”

  The servant slowly shook his head.
“You can’t refuse, sir,” he said
with meek obstinacy.

  “ I say why not? ” cried Turga. He
was working himself into a passion.
“ Do you think I’m going to disappoint
my hostess- at this hour? ”

  “You have time now, sir, to make
your excuses.”

  Turga had finished dressing. For
a moment or two he stood and looked
at Paulo, with his slim, young form
drawn up very straight and his splen-
did eyes blazing. Into the dusk of his
cheeks there had crept an underglow
of pink, such as might have come into
the face of a dark-complexioned girl.

  “Totolazes with excuses! ” he said.
“ I’m twenty-one. I’m master of my
own movements, I imagine.”

  “ The paper had the mark on it,”
Paulo sighed, with more than paternal
patience.

  “ That swastika thing? ”

  “ The winged cross.”

  “ Winged fiddlesticks—”

  “ Shall I call up the Plaza, sir?”
Young Turga threw his clenched
fists into the air above his head and
grated a half-articulate curse.

  “ You’ll drive me crazy, Paulo!
What is this thing—or have you gone
mad ? ”

  Paulo smiled slightly.

  “ It is the call, sir,’’ he said again
as their dark eyes took contact with-
out flinching. “ The days of your
preparation are over. Here is the
winged cross to prove it. At nine
o’clock you’ll come with Paulo and

learn many things that he can’t an-
swer.”

  “ And if I make them wait? ” %

  " You won’t make them wait.”

  Turga started to speak again, then
dropped into a chair.

  “ Call the Plaza,” he said in desper-
ation.

CHAPTER II.

INTO THE UNKNOWN.

  It was one of those misty nights in
October when all material things are
dissolved into a sort of vague unreal-
ity. There had been a little fog to-
ward sundown, but this had increased
with the advancing night. It grew
heavier still as the automobile made'its
way down-town.

  Turga was alone, for Paulo had
taken his seat outside where he could
direct the chauffeur on this strange
excursion.

  The young man had plenty of time
to meditate. The night outside was
symbolical in its mystery and gloom of
the scarcely less impenetrable night in
his own mind and heart.

  Not for the first time—but more
profoundly perhaps—he considered the
facts and the circumstances of his ca-
reer. As far back as his memory could
go he had been a creature apart. He
had never known family ties or affec-
tions, except as these came to him
through the presence of the old serv-
ant. There had always been wealth,
but the source of this wealth was as
unknown to him as the source of his
very existence.

  Yet he was conscious that he had
always been the object of unremitting
care. No youth—and he knew many
sons of families eminent socially and
financially—had ever been more care-
fully clad, educated, and looked after
generally.

  Now he was twenty-one. He told
himself that he was a man. With
what he considered a man’s courage
and smg-froid, he attempted to con-
4

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

front not only the past riddles, but the
present one.

„ The automobile had entered a region
of deserted streets—streets that in the
daytime teem with their striving mil-
lions, inhabited at night by mere mem-
ories. It was as a city of the dead; a
city itself dead, now still and silent
where a little before it was so instinct
with life.

  Through street after street they
passed, each more deserted than the
last; dark and silent houses peering
down upon them; each succeeding
lamp-post surmounted by a waning,
sickly glow—as though these last sen-
tinels of human activity were them-
selves discouraged, about to yield up
their spirits to the triumphant gloom.
It was at the end of one of these
streets, which had seemed intermi-
nable to the young man in the com-
fortless luxury of the limousine, that
the automobile halted.

  A moment later Turga confronted
his servant on the sidewalk. Turga
was still in evening dress. His silk hat
was pushed back at a boyish angle of
challenge. He stood with his feet
apart and his chin down.

  For a moment Paulo regarded him
with that same cryptic smile that had
been on his lips back in the apartment.

  “ I’m glad to see, sir, that you are
not alarmed.”

  “ Not alarmed, certainly not,” said
Turga. “ But, by the Lord Harry,
Paulo, if you’ve begun to joke with me
at your age—”

  The smile disappeared from the face
of the old servant. Instead there ap-
peared an expression of almost relig-
ious exaltation.

  “ It is no joke, sir,” he whispered.
He turned and spoke a few words
softly to the chauffeur, who thereupon
touched his cap, resumed his seat, and
prepared to drive away. He had not
even paused to give Turga a glance—
a most extraordinary thing for a well-
trained chauffeur, as Turga knew him
to be.

  Ordinarily, a young man of distin-

guished appearance and arrayed in
evening clothes would have attracted
attention in that part of town. Yet,
the occasional pedestrians whom they
encountered passed them by without
apparent notice. It was almost as
though they were invisible.

  The automobile had carried them
through the down-town business sec-
tion to the fringe of one of those
lost residential districts—once aristo-
cratic, now thick-coated with grimy
squalor. It was a lugubrious place,
where every house might have been the
birthplace and home of tragedy;
where dim alleyways led to dim, sug-
gestive courts; where doors were open
on black interiors.

  The only signs of life were occa-
sional frightened cats, starved and
unclean—these and a few furtive men
and limping women, the occasional
squall of suffering children.

  Turga was beyond the point of
asking questions. He had never been
in a place like this — not that he re-
membered. With a little internal
clutching at his heart, he asked him-
self if it were possible that he had
sprung from such surroundings'—that
this was the hideous geography of his
origin.

  Paulo did not enlighten him. Paulo
had nothing to say. Once Turga had
glanced at the old servant—had seen
that rapt expression that had come
there a while before when they were
still standing at the side of the auto-
mobile.

  It was evident that the old man
knew where he was going. He
walked with the air of one who treads
a familiar path. He looked neither to
right nor to left. He seemed to be
absorbed in his own thought.

  That they were near the river Turga
knew. In the air was the damp reek
of sea-fog and ships, of tar and bilge
and ooze, and occasionally the smell
of queerly aromatic cargoes from the
far places of the world.

  They came at last to the door of
what appeared to be a deserted ware-
.THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

5

>

kouse. It was a large, low building1
of brick.

  Over the door, almost illegible in
the dim light, a yard-high expanse of
scaling paint still proclaimed the name
of “ W. G. Frail.” Turga started.
He knew the Frails very well—from a
distance—a rich and famous family.

  Without pause, still intent on his
secret broodings, Paulo brought out a
key and unlocked the door. A mo-
ment later they had stepped inside and
the door was closed behind them.

  Turga felt a hand on his arm,-
whether Paulo’s or not he could not
say. At any rate, there was some-
thing unfamiliar about it.

  Paulo had taken his arm, it is true,
once or twice before in his life, when
Turga had been having too much of a
celebration; but the action then had
always been timid and friendly.

  There was nothing timid in the hand
on his arm at the present time. It had
the undefinable feel of authority about
it—an authority which Turga, for
some reason or other, neither ques-
tioned nor resisted. He told himself
that he was in for an adventure, and
that he would see it through.

  There followed an interminable
promenade across a rough plank floor.
Not a word was spoken. No gleam
of light came from any direction.

  Thgy passed through another door.
There was a change of atmosphere;
the air had become closer, damper,
subterranean.

  Upon Turga’s straining senses there
came two things—a recurrence of aro-
matic odors, very faint, and, fainter
still, the sound of weird music and
many voices.

CHAPTER III.
witches’ sabbath.

  At some time in the remote past the
place had probably been used as a
storage-cellar for alcoholic liquors—
possibly Jamaica rum. The Sweetish
smell of spirits was still there.

  There was a dim forest of brick
pillars supporting the low, brick arches
of the roof. What light there was
came from what seemed to Turga as
the remote distance—a suggestion of
red and yellow, such as might be
thrown out by either a camp-fire or by
Venetian lanterns unsteadily suspend-
ed from moving hands.

  They had come through the last
door. He turned to look at his erst-
while invisible guard. It was Paulo.

  From the farther end of the grotto-
like place in which they found them-
selves there still came that confused
babble of speech and intermittent
gusts of music which had reached them
before the last door had opened.

  Without preliminary Paulo whistled
-—a high, shrill blast, with a little
quaver on the end of it.

  After that silence fell. Silent were
their footsteps on the damp, earthen
floor as they walked rapidly forward.
The only sound that broke the still-
ness was the occasional dripping of
water, the faint crackle of fire, and
the bubbling murmur of a boiling pot.

  Turga saw, fitfully outlined in the
uncertain glow, the segment of a
living circle—the faces of men and
women, each impressed somehow with
the seal of savagery, of cunning and
cruelty and excitement.

  Then the music broke out again, a
wild, minor chant beginning with the
quavering falsetto of some old man
or woman, he knew not which, and
gradually accumulating the hushed,
strange cadence of other voices. And
in these voices was the suggestion of
the same things that he had seen in
those oddly limned faces—savagery,
cruelty, excitement.

  As they passed the last row of pil-
lars that barred his view, his first
impressions were verified—both veri-
fied and magnified.

  The circle was complete—men and
women, perhaps two hundred of them,
most of them old, some of them young,
all seated on the floor, except for one
old hag.
6

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  She it was, evidently, who was act-
ing as mistress of the Satanic choir.
She stood in the center of the circle,
a grotesque figure—a grotesque sil-
houette against the red and yellow
glow of an open fire over which an
iron pot was simmering.

  She appeared now large, now small,
as the flames rose and fell; and again,
almost invisible, by some trick of the
uncertain light, as though she were
not a creature of flesh and blood at
all, but merely the fantom of a dis-
ordered brain.

  It was some time before Turga’s
intellect resumed its proper functions.
He was like a swimmer who had been
cast into the middle of a whirlpool—
the rushing of sensations had been too
complex, too confusing, too over-
whelming.

  Then he began to recognize some of
the words of the chant. He heard
“ Fate,” “ Doom,” “ Destruction.”
These words might have applied to
his own impending destiny; but, be-
fore he could formulate the thought,
be heard a name other than his own
—“ Frail.”

  He found himself at the center of
the circle. He was standing just back
of the Satanic choir-mistress. Paulo
had brought him there, but Paulo had
disappeared into the circle of dimly
seen faces and figures.

  “ Fate,” “ Doom,” “ Destruction,”
“ Frail ”—the words were assuming
their proper sequence in his brain. It
was the language that he and Paulo
had always used when speaking to
each other—a dialect of the Bohemian
mountains.

  They were chanting the doom of the
Frails—all that was left of the race
of the great Count von Frelinghuysen,
who had fled to America from Bohe-
mia and changed his name half a cen-
tury ago.

  Turga had bent every faculty now to
understand. He and Hugh Frail had
been classmates in the same university,
belonged to the same clubs—in a
manner belonged to the same clique,

though they had never been in any
sense intimate.

  It was not so much a song—song
would have been too pretty a term for
that devilish chant—as it was a recita-
tive, in which the old woman standing
in front of him shrilled her uncanny
falsetto—the crazy winging of a
wounded bat—trailing along with it
the sibilant weight of the chorus.

  Aie, the lord-count was a mighty man,
  And he builded his castles of blood
  and gold,

  Blood of our youth, the gold of our
      clan,

   But this is the end of the fated span;

Behold, behold!

We take again what was never sold.

  If there is such a thing as fate in
the lives of men, this appeared to be
the temple of it, the woman in the
center of the circle its high priestess.
Her incantation was not devoid of
logic, despite the apparent frenzy she
threw into it. There was no denying
that great families grew up, then de-
cayed and disappeared like the trees of
a forest.

  That this hour was impending for
the Frail family was conceivable. It
was even conceivable that Turga him-
self was the chosen instrument to this
end.

  The longer he stood there the more
completely he surrendered both will
and personality. Upon him was the
omnipotent grip of destiny. Destiny
had provided him with all things.
Destiny was his creator. He had never
felt it before, but he felt it now—
that forever afterward, in all things,
by day and by night, he could not
otherwise move or think or feel.

  Suddenly silence fell on the assem-
blage, and he was looking into the
beady, inscrutable eyes of the old
woman. She was very wrinkled, ven
yellow and terrible; yet her ugliness
had about it something of the majesty
of age and infinite intelligence.

  “ Who are you ? ” she asked.

  In the tremendous silence Turga
heard his own voice recite his name,
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

7

»

  age, address. Each syllable he pro-
  nounced was echoed in a whisper from
  the circle.

CHAPTER IV.

BAR SINISTER.

    There followed another period of
 silence. Turga stood very straight. He
 made a proud young figure standing
 there—proud and incongruous in his
 evening clothes there in the dank
 crypt with no other light than that of
 the open fire, confronted by the an-
 cient witch, circled by her fantasmic
 band of followers. Her eyes held his,
 beady and inscrutable.

    “ Yes, that name will do,” she said
  in soothing tones widely different from
  those she had used in her incantation.
  “ But the time has come for you to
  know the truth. You, also, are a
  Frelinghuysen, my chick. Yes, you’re
  of the noble blood—the noble black
  blood. Left-handed—left-handed. ”

    “ I'm right-handed,” said Turga,
 with that slight blush of his.

    “ Left-handed, my chick,” said the
  old woman—“ left-handed, like all of
  us here; and yours the legacy.”

    “ What legacy ? ” he asked.

   With a quick movement the old
 woman turned and threw out her hand
 over the bubbling kettle. Instantly
 there rose from it a cloud of aromatic,

: intoxicating steam.

    Into this the old woman peered fot1
  a moment or two with an expression
  of eager expectancy. Suddenly again
  'She reached out, and this time it
  seemed that from the wraith of steam
  she plucked a coin.

    “ The Frelinghuysen thaler,” she
 murmured. “ Have you ever heard
 of it?”

    " No.”

    “ This is it”

    She kissed it and passed it over to
  hirn. He saw that it was a dollar—
  an ordinary American dollar of early
  dat*. worn and shiny. It seemed to
  poMVgs some other warmth than that

of its recent bath of steam. It made
his fingers tingle. It sent throughout
his entire being a feeling of malaise,
almost of nausea.

  He would have given it back. He
could not. It clung to him, gripped
him—that bit of minted silver—as
though it were a frightful thing, the
metallic heart of some invisible octo-
pus, the signet of an invisible hand.

  As he stared at it he saw that it
also bore the emblem of the winged
cross rudely graven on its surface.
Signet indeed of an invisible hand—
a hand that was gripping him.

  “ What is it ? ” he managed to ar-
ticulate in strained tones.

  “ The Frelinghuysen thaler,” the old
woman repeated, speaking softly with
a thrill of excitement. “ That is your
heritage, my chick—oh, a rare and
wonderful heritage! ”

  She cackled with delight.

  “ What centuries are locked up in
it,” she went on. “ He fled from
Holland to Bohemia, did the first
Frelinghuysen, before America was.
He built his castle. The king was his
friend. That was nothing.”

  She emphasized her statement by
slowly wagging a crooked finger. Her
small eyes were fixed, yet glowing still
with excitement.

  “ That was nothing. The curse of
his devil’s pact was upon him. Since
then it has pursued his line. The last
count fled to America, even as the first
count fled to Bohemia; but no man can
flee his own shadow, my chick. Thou
art the shadow. The dollar is thy
legacy. Thine the power to carry on
the curse—the curse of the Freling-
huysens—curse of the Frails.”

  “ And if I refuse? ”

  “ You can’t refuse.”

  “ I’m a man—I’m twenty-one.”

  The old woman laughed again — a
derisive, fateful laugh.

  “The world is full of men like you.
And which will be the gallows-bird
and which the bishop? The world is
full of sapling-trees. And which will
be the crosier and which the gibbet?
8

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

!Ah, not for nothing have we reared you
in idleness and luxury. But now the
time has come. A young tree grew to
become a gibbet. This is you, my
chick.”

  Turga stood there palpitant, some-
what frightened, yet his fear domi-
nated, overwhelmed, by a sense of fa-
tality, of exalted helplessness. Upon
him he felt the grip of the invisible.
He knew that the old woman was
speaking the truth.

  The Turga of the past—the reckless,
care-free youth—was a fading ghost.
This present Turga was the reality,
would remain so forever more. He
swallowed, sought to get a grip on
himself, tried to take a man’s part in
the situation. He tore his eyes away
from those of the old woman, glanced
at the shadowy faces of the circle.

  “ Who are these people? ” he asked.

  “ They are the last of the Cave-
Dwellers,” the old woman answered.

“ Our work is done in the old country.
Schloss Frelinghuysen will never see
another Frelinghuysen or a Frail.
Strangers are buying it. Soon it will
burn. Peasants will sow and reap
where the cruel counts held sway. We
have followed where the last count
led.”

  She laughed softly. The laugh was
echoed with a ghostly sibilance by the
people in the circle.

  “ The Frelinghuysen thaler has be-
come the dollar of the Frails. The
curse is in it. You’ll see. You’ll see.”

  Before Turga could draw back or,
even suspect her purpose, she had
seized his shoulders in her skinny
hands, had brought her dreadful face
to his, and kissed him.

  Turga felt his senses reel. He was
conscious that the entire assemblage
had risen to its feet, that men and
women were alike engaged in a mad
saraband. There were shrieks of wild
laughter and quick anger, of half ar-
ticulate speech and song. But through
it all there reached the center of his
brain, steadily, insistently, the voice
pf the old woman.

  She was calling him the chosen one,
telling him that he was the ax in the
hand of the woodchopper, that the
creator of the Frelinghuysen name and
fortune had borrowed from the world
and had never paid back, that the world
would reclaim its own, even as the earth
had already reclaimed, long ago, its
original toll of titled dust.

  The noise, the confusion, the intoxi-
cating fumes from the seething pot
mounted to Turga’s head.

  How he left the place he hardly
knew. He had a vague recollection
afterward of going out the way he had
come in, without Paulo there to help
him, back through the mean streets
until he happened upon his automobile.

  At sight of him the chauffeur
jumped down from his seat and opened
the door of the limousine.

  Turga sank back into the familiar
seat and the motor throbbed into life.
Was he also, he wondered, a mere ma-
chine, to be stilled or sped into action
at the will of some higher power ?-

  He strove to find himself, to recover
something of the confidence and equi-
poise that had been so strong within
him only a few hours before.

  His hand touched the coin in his
pocket, lingered there. Up from it—
swift, subtle, omnipotent — sprang
something that gripped him, held him
fast, gave him that same feeling of
exalted helplessness.

  There reeled through his brain a
vision of sinister power.

CHAPTER V.

SET TO MUSIC.

  They rolled out of the section of
deserted streets into the sudden l^ht
and activity of Fourteenth Street, hen
on up through the reassuring brilliince
and movement of upper Broadway.Yet
Turga felt strangely apart, almos; as
though he were alone in silence and
darkness, and all these people and
things he saw and heard were bit the
phantasmagoria of a disordered bain.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

9

    He thought wildly of making this
  solitude real, of going home, of lock-
  ing himself into his bedroom—any-
  where, anything to shut out this com-
  pelling, invisible specter.

    With a hand that trembled slightly
  he seized the speaking-tube to give the
  order to the chauffeur.

    Then he had one of the strangest
  experiences of his life.

    It was his voice that spoke. But it
  was as though the will that formed the
  words were other than his own.

   Home! Home! That was where
 he wanted to go; yet, very complacent,
 cool, with no trace of excitement, his
 voice was instructing the chauffeur to
 drive to the opera.

    The man didn’t understand imme-
  diately. Turga’s heart was thumping.
  This time—this time—

     While he was still resolving to resist,
  still striving to master the sort of
  terror which engulfed him, his voice,
  still dispassionate, repeated the order:

    “ To the opera! ”

    Even there in the promenade of the
  crowded auditorium he felt strangely
  alone. All about him were the smooth
  backs and the sleek, well-nourished
  heads of men dressed as he was, yet
  they might have been so many spirits.
  Some one spoke to him, clapped him
  familiarly on the shoulder.

    He murmured a reply, but he had
  not even noticed who it was. He
  heard the stormy clamor of the
  “ Walkiire,” yet he seemed to be in the
  silence.

    He had tried to go home. A supe-
  rior power had forbade—that was the
  thing that kept beating through his
  brain. That was the thing which be-
  came the theme of the music—throb-
  bing, thunderous, triumphant—and the
  wild messengers of Wotan were attend-
  ant upon him—him, Count Carlos
  Turga.

While he listened and mused—wait-
ed as a man waits for a pain or a de-
lusion to wear itself away — he sud-
denly became conscious that his eyes,
4 for the past several minutes, had been

directed and held to something outside
his purpose, just as his voice had been
when speaking to his chauffeur.

  Wth a fresh quiver of an almost
tragic interest, he recognized the object
—or, rather, the objects—of his inter-
est.

  He was looking at a party in the box
almost directly opposite—a fascinating
woman of about forty or so, gorgeous-
ly appareled and begemmed; a girl of
nineteen, slender and beautiful, and
then a youth of his own age.

  As he looked he saw the elder, wom-
an lift her lorgnon and scrutinize him
with the lazy insolence of her kind, and
through his heart there crept a feeling
of dumb hatred. Into his face there
crept a sullen flush, then faded again.

  He looked at the girl — dark hair,
gray eyes, exotic—and his hatred was
modified by the world-old sense of
masculine greed. She was very young,
very beautiful, very desirable in every
way.

  Again his eyes shifted and rested on
the youth. Surely the old dame of the
warehouse had given him an easy task.
The work of fate—the work to which
that invisible hand and the cursed dol-
lar in his pocket had doomed him—<
might not be so disagreeable and diffi-
cult, after all. For the first time that
evening he felt a wave of almost good
humor, almost of exultation.

  Then, once again, he felt that inex-
plicable wave of dumb hatred, of a de-
sire to work ill, to profit by the mis-
fortune of these people at whom he
was looking and who had been look-
ing at him.

  For they were Mrs. Frail—the for-
mer Princess Viatka—and her two
children, Hugh and Agatha, all that
was left of the fated line, and these
were the ones that he was destined to
destroy.

  He must not let them suspect, he
told himself. He tried to look away.
He could not. A black cloud had closed
in upon his field of vision.

  The wild music of the “Walkiire”
still throbbed in his brain; but of all the
10

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

vast assemblage there he could see
only those three—the fascinating Mrs.
Frail, the girl at her side, the weak and
Self-indulgent face of the heir of all the
Frail millions.

  Once more Turga’s hand came in
contact with the coin of ill-omen the
old woman had given him.

  As he recognized the feel of' it he
saw Hugh Frail bow in his direction,
then rise and leave his place.

CHAPTER VI.

A GHOSTLY SOUVENIR.

  There was something about young
Count Carlos Turga that had always
made a certain appeal to the somewhat
jaded interest of the widow of the late
Horace Frail. She had often seen the
youth hovering about on various occa-
sions—dances, garden-parties, horse-
shows.

  She had admired him. Every wom-
an did that. No handsomer, better-
mannered young man was imaginable,
though the former Princess Viatka
came from a part of the world where
men are notoriously good-looking.

  She was a Slav in the flower of her
age—gray eyes and abundant dark
hair sagaciously coifed, subtle, ardent,
possessing a tremendous amount of
what people call temperament, thirsty
always for new sensations, yet never
losing that almost Oriental fatalism
which translated itself in terms of the
most exquisite poise.

  There was a delightful little flutter
in her bosom now as she lifted her
lorgncn. Perhaps it was that stormy
“ Walkiire ” music quite as much as it
was the appearance of young Turga
himself.

  He appeared to be very tragic, very
distraught. Perhaps he was in trouble.
Into the somewhat tropical field of her
imagination there sprang up some idea
of consoling him.

  He was certainly looking in their
direction. It couldn’t be Agatha who
wholly absorbed his attention. She

knew all about the psychology of young
men, and Agatha was very immature,
not to say acidulous, and green.

   Mrs. Frail reclined languidly back in
her chair and touched her son on the
arm with her fan. Hugh generally re-
quired some physical jolt to awaken
him.

  “ Isn’t that young Count Turga over
there, dear ? ” she asked.

  “ Yes,” he answered. “ Just been
looking at him. A bit thick, you know
—his staring at Agatha like that.”

  “ Let him stare,” said Agatha by
way of disguising any emotion she
might have felt.

  She was a slim, young thing, was
Agatha, but there was that about her—
just as there was about her mother—
of the beautiful, dreamy, aristocratic
Siberian tigress.

  Still young, slightly acidulous and
green perhaps, but quite self-sufficient,
quite self-possessed and capable of
managing her own affairs, was Agatha.

  She also had dark hair and gray
eyes, like her mother’s; but her eyes
were more responsive, more capable of
fleeting changefulness.

  “ By the way,” Mrs. Frail resumed,
blissfully ignoring the animadversion
of her son, “ he could just complete a
little party at supper.”

  Hugh shrugged his shoulders.

  “ I was just going to beg off,
mater.”

  “Indeed!”

  “ A couple of fellows at the club—
really couldn’t get out of it, you
know.”

  Mrs. Frail stifled a yawn. She
didn’t care very much what Hugh did;
this was her way of showing it.

  “ Then I must have Count Turga to
take your place,” she sighed with fine
resignation.! i	>Ii

   “ I’ll try to catch the animal for you
now,” Hugh answered with something
bordering on animation. One cocktail
now would do him a world of good.

  Turga wasn’t surprised, a little
later, when young Frail delivered him-
self of the invitation. It was almost
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

11

as though he had been expecting it.
For the fraction of a second his dark
eyes swept the young man in front of
him, and there flashed through his
heart and brain, like the tepid Are of
old wine, an almost dreamlike sense of
power.

  The feeling was still strong within
him as he entered the Frail box,
brought the pink, beautifully mani-
cured tips of the former Princess
Viatka’s fingers to his lips, and he en-
veloped, fleetingly, with his dark eyes
the exceedingly graceful figure of
Agatha Frail.

  He hadn’t desired the thing. It was
fate that had brought him here. Had
he had his own way he would even
now be mooning the hours away in
morose loneliness in his own bedroom.
But the invisible guardian had decreed
otherwise, had brought him into the
presence of all that remained of the
great family whose arbiter he was—
youth, wealth, beauty.

  There was still that quality of tragic
solemnity in his deportment which had
just now so deeply impressed the for-
mer Princess Viatka’s impressionable
nature.

  But Turga was smiling in his heart.

  The chant still cadenced through his
brain—

                   —Behold, behold!

  We take again what was never sold.

  Throughout the remainder of the
opera, and afterward, in the soft reful-
gence of the supper-table, with the cloy-
ingly sweet music of a Hungarian band
charging the atmosphere, Mrs. Frail
was conscious that Turga’s eyes were
upon' her.

  The fact gave her quite an unusual
and decidedly pleasant little thrill. She
had never felt like that before when
young men had looked at her. She had
a presentiment of danger, illusive,
haunting, ghostly. The music surged
in upon them, swooning, voluptuous.

  “ They lack the fire of our Bohemian
players,” said Mrs. Frail, with a smile
that called for more intimate speech.

  Turga’s eyes flashed. Again that
undertone of pink suffused his cheeks.

  “ How did you know that I was Bo-
hemian ? ” he asked.

  “ I know Bohemia well,” she an-
swered. “ It was there that I lived for
years after my marriage; you know,
Mr. Frail had a place there. We still
have it—a gloomy and terrible place;
Schloss Frelinghuysen, in the Piesen
Hills.”

  “ And you’re going back some
time ? ”

 The former Princess Viatka
shrugged her exquisite shoulders.

  “ It was there that Mr. Frail died.”

  She flashed a pink and white smile
in Turga’s direction sufficient to indi-
cate that her mourning wras a thing of
the remote past. But his somber eyes
came back from Agatha, met hers, and
compelled her to go on in spite of her-
self.

  “ A duel—a countryman of yours.
Schloss Frelinghuysen always was
haunted—family curse—all that sort
of thing. That was why Count von
Frelinghuysen, Mr. Frail’s grand-
father, came to this country and clipped
his name.”

  “ And left the curse behind him ? ”

  Turga was smiling, but an inner ex-
citement had quickened his pulse.
Everything—everything—was adding
realization to this ghostly wrorld which
that night had been uncovered to him.

  Mrs. Frail affected a slight shudder
—a little shrinking of her delicately
carved throat and shoulders.

  “ I believe not,” she answered. Her
vibrant voice dropped still lower, came
to him accompanied by a minor rhap-
sody from the orchestra. “ It all came
back to me to-night when I saw you
looking so dreadfully tragic at the
opera. They say that ghosts can’t
cross the water, you know; but, some-
how—”

  Without premeditation, Turga had
drawn the marked dollar from his
pocket and was idly toying writh it on
the table in front of him. At the sud-
den break of what Mrs. Frail had tq
12

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

say he again glanced tip at her. She
was looking at the coin with a sort of
passionate eagerness.

  “ What have you there ? Where
did you get it? ” she whispered.

  He held out the coin for her exami-
nation, and let his eyes drift over to
Agatha; only dimly visible in the light
of the shaded candelabra, she was mani-
festing her disapproval of her mother’s
monopoly by affecting an exaggerated
indifference.

  Mrs. Frail had taken the coin, was
staring at it, fascinated.

  “ The Frelinghuysen thaler ” she
whispered. “ The dollar of the Frails!
The dollar Horace carried when he
was killed in the duel. I knew it! I
knew it! ”

  She lifted her eyes to Turga’s. He
was again looking at her. She passed
the coin back to him. It was quite ob-
vious that she was frightened—fright-
ened but thoroughly happy, as is often
the way with women like that.

  “ The ghost,” she thrilled softly—
“ the ghost has crossed the water.”

CHAPTER VII.

FOR HIGH STAKES.

  It was late, but Turga had no desire
for sleep. He had hurried back to his
bachelor apartment, unhindered this
time by the invisible hand which had
rested upon him so heavily some time
before.

  Paulo was not there. For the first
time within Turga’s memory the aged
servant was not where he should have
been. It was but another incident in
the chain of circumstances which Turga
felt was binding him.

  He telephoned to the lower hall.
Paulo had not been seen since they had
gone out together earlier in the eve-
ning. He called up the garage and in-
terviewed the chauffeur. The man’s
memory of the night’s events coincided
wholly with his in every respect, so far
as that was possible.

There was no trace of the cryptic

message which had served as a pre-
liminary of the mystery. Paulo had
evidently taken it with him.

  He threw himself into an easy chair
and tried to reflect. Had there been
nothing else, it was remarkable enough
the way he had been brought into con-
tact with the Frails that night. Mrs.
Frail had never been at such pains be-
fore to manifest any interest that she
might have had in him.

  He recalled again their moment of
parting, when her fingers had lingered
in his, when she had looked into his
eyes with that strange expression of
hers—a mingling of joy and fear and
almost tragic anticipation—which he
had first noticed when they were sitting
together at the supper-table. It made
him feel a little cruel, gave him once
more that vision of sinister power.

  Then the memory of the mother was
blotted out by thought of that fairer,
younger face, and figure—Agatha, with
Heaven knows what of volcanic fire
smoldering under the gray ash of her
inscrutable eyes.

  And he, Count Carlos Turga, was
the ax in the hand of the great wood-
chopper, he the sapling-gibbet, he the
ordained instrument of destruction!

  Gradually, at thought of her, his ex-
citement was tinged with something of
remorse as well. It brought with it a
resurgence of doubt and rebellion.
After all, the thing was too absurd.
He must have drunk too much. Men-
tally, he catalogued the events and liba-
tions of the afternoon.

  But even as he reflected, some force
outside of himself—that same strange
extra-volition which he had already
experienced—had started him again
toward the elevator.

  This time he did not resist. He
knew that it, would be futile to resist.
He even argued with himself in a blind
attempt to prove that he was doing
what he wanted to do; that the cool
air of the night would do him good;
that contact with the material aspects
of normal things would bring him back
to normal comprehension.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

13

  But the night had gone foggier than
ever—a night of infernal enchantment
when nothing was natural. He walked
on and on, moodily lighting cigarette
after cigarette in an effort to regain
some degree of calm.

  Had he questioned himself, he would
have admitted that there was only one
place in town that he really cared to
avoid—that was the Checker Club, the
one club where he knew he would be
pretty sure to encounter Hugh Frail.
He had had quite enough excitement
that night. He wished no more.

  Yet, he was not altogether surprised
when he lifted his eyes and found that
he had come to the Checker Club's am-
ple door.

  For a moment he paused. He smiled
a little, felt within himself an impulse
to turn back. He translated this im-
pulse into the form of a command
which he sent along the telegraph sys-
tem of his nerves. It was as though
his will had not been—as though it had
never been. He was like a swimmer
powerless in the sweep of a great cur-
rent.

  His feet were carrying him through
the club-house entrance.

  It wasn’t a very large club, but with
a somewhat large reputation for the
liberality of its house rules and the ex-
tent to.which this liberality was utilized
by its limited membership.

  Even before Turga had crossed the
entrance-hall he could hear the voice
of young Hugh Frail lifted high in
maudlin speech. The sound came to
Turga as both promise and challenge.
Was this, then, the appointed hour?

  For a second or two he paused in
the doorway. A smile was on his lips,
a gleam of almost savage excitement,
such as he himself had seen on other
faces that night, came into his eyes.
It had needed but a glance to see that
the inmates of the billiard-room had
been gambling—some primitive game
of heads and tails.-

  Young Frail, his weak face flushed,
was crowing some recent victory like
a tipsy cock.

  “ I’ve got you all bluffed,” he said.
“ You’re pikers—all of you. I chal-
lenge the world.”

  “ There’s Turga,” somebody said.
“ Try him.”

  Frail turned and looked at Turga un-
steadily. For the second time that
night their eyes met — the one sober,
fateful, something about him of the
watchful snake; the other muddled,
arrogant, foolish.

  “ Heads or tails? ” Frail cried. And
he added the information: “ I’m the
champion of the world, Turga, old
chap. Fair warning. Hate to take
money from a child.”

  As he spoke he tossed a gold coin
into* the air as a demonstration of his
claim and called heads. Heads it was.

  He had advanced to that uncanny
state of inebriety where some people
are possessed of a sort of second sight.
He again tossed the coin; again called
the turn.

  “ For twenty dollars, what will it
be?”

   The coin shot, revolving, into the air
—a slender thread of light,

  “ Heads,” said Turga softly. He
had drawn within himself. He was
letting that other will do as it would.

  “ Heads it is! ” cried several of the
crowd with delight.

  Into Frail's face had come a look of
drunken stupefaction. What had hap-
pened struck him as incredible, unjust.

  “ Make it a hundred,” he urged, bent
on revenge.

  Turga did not speak. He poised the
coin he had just recovered on thumb and
finger and sent it whirling upward.
There had recurred to him that words
of the old woman that he had come into
his legacy—that marked silver coin. If
she had meant by that that funds were
no more to be sent to him as hereto-
fore, it was high time that he be
accumulating some money of his own.
Year after year these funds had come
to him. He had never asked whence
or why.

  “ Heads,” Frail murmured with less
confidence than he had shown before.
14

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The coin clinked down, rolled the
length of the table, and toppled over
on its side. A chorus of exclamations
went up from the crowd. It was tails.
Turga had won again.

  Frail was furious. But he sought to
cover his discomfiture with rude sports-
manship.

  “ I’m tired of this kid-play,” he
averred. “Listen, Turga; are you a
sport? One more shot for”—he paused
to give emphasis to what he was going
to say—“ for ten thousand dollars.”

  “ Ah, cut it out, Hugh! ” some one
objected.

  Turga glanced in that direction, saw
a stout young man with broad shoul-
ders and yellow hair—Frederic Graw
3d. They had never liked each other
to any marked extent.

  “ I’m on,” Turga said softly, with
his eyes again on Frail. “ I’m on for
any amount you wish.”

  Frederic Graw 3d had taken Frail
by the arm, was expostulating with
him; but Frail was obdurate, shook
himself free.

  “ For ten thousand—more if you
want,” he insisted.

  “ For ten thousand,” said Turga
softly.

  His hand had sought the marked
dollar in his pocket. At contact with
it there had again crept up his arm and
throughout his entire being a sense of
fatality. He had nothing whatever to
do with what was to follow. He was
but the instrument in the grip of a
greater power.

  He had brought out the coin and
placed it on the table in front of him.
As in a dream, he heard his voice ask
the question as to whether or not he
should make the toss.

  Graw had whispered something to
Frail—a warning perhaps, for Hugh
had been borrowing heavily of late—
but Frail continued to disregard him.
Graw turned to Turga. Had he spoken
to a deaf man it would have been the
same.

  “ You toss,” Frail commanded “ I’ll
call, the turn.”

  “ For ten thousand dollars,” Turga
said, his voice barely above a whisper.

  For a moment or so he stood there,
holding up the coin, waiting, half-fear-
ful, expectant, yet certain of what was
to follow. Suddenly the muscles of his
arm and hand twitched convulsively
and the coin was in the air.

  It had almost touched the table
again -before Frail spoke. All confi-
dence had gone out of his voice. In
spite of his effort to appear indifferent,
there was no mistaking that tremulous
huskiness.

  “ Heads!”

  Turga did not even look to see
whether he had won or lost. He knew
•—knew he had won even before he
heard those there proclaim the fact.

  Frail had leaned over and seized the
marked dollar.

  “Don’t mind, do you, Turga?” he
asked with sudden sobriety.

  “ Don’t mind what? ”

  “ Don’t mind if I keep this dollar as
a souvenir ? ”

  “ Of course not.” He paused.
“ Why?”

  Young Frail appeared to have recov-
ered his sobriety. He gazed down at
the coin for a while musingly.

  “ Coins like this have had a place in
my family history,” he said. “ Maybe
this one’s haunted. I want to try the
thing out.”

       CHAPTER VIII.
       the zigzag road.

  A high-powered roadster with a
single occupant swerved into Broad-
way, just missing the curb.

  Turga, standing alone on the corner,
recognized Frail. His late adversary
at the Checker Club was off for a spin.
Those solitary “ joy rides ” of his were
celebrated—his favorite wind-up for a
night filled with other kinds of exhilar-
ation.

  Turga felt a little crisping of ex-
citement. There went the “ winged
dollar.”
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

15

  There was something uncanny in’
that careening power, only half domin-
ated by the tipsy youth—Phaethon and
the Chariot of the Sun.

  There was a parking-space for pub-
lic automobiles but a few yards away.
Before Frail’s machine had traversed
the distance of two city blocks—mak-
ing an exaggerated curve round a vigi-
lant policeman—Turga had stepped
quickly forward, a nervous cranking-
movement of one of his arms sufficient
hint to the chauffeur of one of the
largest machines. It happened to be
an equal of Frail’s machine in almost
every respect—late the property of
some private in New York’s great
army of ephemeral rich.

  “ Follow that machine,” said Turga
briefly.

  The chauffeur wasted neither time
nor words. He was a wise young man
so familiar with the night-life of the
city that he had ceased to wonder—or
to ask explanations—when a fare was
so obviously a commander of ready
money.

  Frail was already approaching Cen-
tral Park. The chauffeur of Turga’s
machine slid discreetly past the police-
man, then'shot forward with a breath-
taking burst of speed. Before two
minutes had elapsed, the tail-light of
the first machine had grown brighter.

  Frail was evidently not out for speed
—not yet. He was seeing how close he
could come to various obstacles, mov-
ing and stationary, without touching
them. It was a favorite sport of his.

  Half through the park, he swung out
into Central Park West and started
south at a livelier clip. He was no
longer toying with danger. He had
apparently selected a destination and
was making for it by the shortest route.
They were just in time to meet a ferry
for the Jersey shore.

  Frail appeared to be perfectly happy.
He was in evening dress, but he was
bare-headed and sat hunched up in his
driver’s seat. He looked neither to
right nor to left, nor behind him.

  They climbed a long incline into the

smooth expanse of a deserted boule-
vard. There was a magnificent burst
of speed for half a dozen miles or so,
then Frail again began his fancy-work
—swinging giddily from one side of
the broad road to the other. Then he
was off again like a shooting star.

   Turga’s chauffeur grinned, but spoke
no word. Turga kept his eyes on the
dim, red light.

  Before him it wound in and out
through the misty darkness, now faint,
now clear, like the annunciator on some
tally-board of fate.

   Frail had left the boulevard, turned
into a more dangerous road—narrower,
darker, not so straight. Again he had
stopped wavering, was again intent in
getting from his machine its last shred
of speed. There were risks enough.

  They dropped dizzily down long de-
scents, catapulted over hills, stormed
like the night-wind through sleeping
hamlets.

   It had become a race. Turga’s chauf-
feur had settled a little lower in his
seat. This was something else than a
noisy excursion round town. His
mouth was finer drawn. The lines
from nose to chin had deepened.

   Five years had dropped from his life.
He was back again in the heyday of
road-racing—when he had the big
chance, when he had come within just
an ace of glory and fortune.

   Turga long ago had cast hat and stick
into the tonneau back of him. He was
crouching in his seat at the chauffeur’s
side. The wind gripped his face like
a cold, wet towel, blinding and stifling
him.

  Only occasionally now could he see
the red spark that was luring them on
—the fugitive curse of the winged dol-
lar. And who could say where the
curse would fall?

  They unreeled swift, disordered
miles of wood and open meadow. The
Frail country-place lay far up on the
Hudson. It was obvious that this was
the destination. It couldn’t be much
farther now.

   There was a shrill discordance in the
16

ALL-STORY WEEKLY..

hurricane noise besetting them, a sud-
den slackening of speed. Turga lifted
himself slightly. He was sore and
cramped. He was suddenly conscious
that for several minutes the fitful red
spark that they had been chasing had
disappeared.

  They were in a heavily wooded coun-
try. As their speed slackened still
more, a tremendous silence seemed to
deluge in upon them from the fright-
ened trees. For the first time the chauf-
feur spoke.

  “ Something’s happened.”

  “ An accident ? ”

  “ Nothing else.”

  Turga experienced a pang at his
straining heart. It was the ultimate
test. It was no nightmare.

  He had heard a strange, old woman
sing the doom of the Frails — in a
warehouse with the Frail name on it,
still redolent, of the spirits that had
contributed so much to the Frail for-
tune — and he had had his allotted
share in the working out of fate.

  In the great stillness that had fallen
the machine crept forward then round
a turn.

  And by the light of their phares
they saw the machine that they had
been pursuing there, just ahead of
them.

  It was turned half round. It was
crumpled down, broken, spent, like an
exhausted runner.

CHAPTER IX.

BROWN COTTAGE, BLUE EYES.

  They found him lying in a ditch at
the side of the road a dozen yards far-
ther on. There was a little blood on
his face, but this might have come
from a flying pebble during the run.

  He was breathing. One of his arms
was twisted beneath him. But so far
as they could discover from their
first, hasty, nervous examination, there
was nothing to indicate that his injuries
would be fatal. He was unconscious,
but his pulse was strong. A tangle of

•weeds and high grass had broken his
fall.

  “ There’s a house near here,” said
the chauffeur. “ We’ll get him to it.”

  “ Where?”

  “ Get him into our machine. It
can’t be far.”

  They lifted him up as gently as
possible. The twisted arm had been
broken or dislocated; they didn’t
know which. Investigation just then
would have done no good, anyway.

  “ I’ve got a little booze I keep for
accidents,” the chauffeur suggested
hopefully.

  “ He’s had enough as it is,” Turga
answered.

  The chauffeur was right. Before
they had traversed a quarter of a mile
they came to a private driveway ser-
pentining off among the trees through
an opening in a low stone wall. Back
from the road they made out the dim
silhouette of a cottage.

  The chauffeur got down from the
machine and went in to investigate.

  Turga, still in the machine, sup-
porting the unconscious Frail, saw a
yellow gleam of light, heard the bark-
ing of a dog, then voices. Again he
touched Frail’s pulse. He felt almost
as though he had a share in murder.

  The chauffeur came running back
and clambered into his seat.

  “ We’re lucky,” he said. “ The
man who lives here is a doctor.”

  He swung the machine round and
brought it daintily up the private
driveway. Turga could see that they
were in the precincts of one of those
country homes which are found in the
neighborhood of every great city—
modest, yet luxurious in its perfect
comfort, beautiful, exquisitely kept.

  It was a large brown cottage, and
even in the gray darkness of the Octo-
ber night there was a hint of scarlet
oak and maple, of massed chrysanthe-
mums and other autumn flowers. The
air had a special fragrance—healing,
aromatic, as though the master of the
house had summoned nature to assist
him in the practise of his art.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

17

  The front door was open. Turga
saw a stout, rubicund old gentleman,
with a-mass of disorderly white hair,
standing there to receive them. He
helped them carry Frail through the
hall and into a leather-furnished and
book-lined study. There they placed
him on a broad divan.

  “ The end of a night’s frolic,” said
the chauffeur, in quest of something
to say.

  “ And the beginning of a career,”
said the doctor gently enough.

  “ It’s Mr. Frail.”

  Both Turga and the chauffeur
turned.

  A girl had entered, unheard until
she spoke. She couldn’t have been
more than nineteen, but she appeared
even younger—her heavy, pale, yellow
hair hanging down her back in a sin-
gle braid, her sloping shoulders deli-
cate and almost childlike in the thin,
light-blue kimono; a delicately chiseled
face with a fine cheek-bone and a fine
chin, and the softest, bluest eyes—so
Turga thought—that man ever looked
upon or that ever looked on man.

  There was something at once fairy-
like and maternal in this soft entrance
of hers. She was perfectly modest,
but not the least nervous.

  “ Gentlemen,” said the physician,
without interrupting his intent minis-
trations to his patient, “ this is my
daughter, Miss Carstairs. She gener-
ally helps me in affairs like this.”

  Miss Carstairs acknowledged this
somewhat summary presentation with
a brief glance, a bare nod. Her alert
sympathy was otherwise engaged.
Already she was assisting her father.

  Frail opened his eyes.

  “ I came a cropper,” he murmured.

  His eyes met those of the girl lean-
ing over him, and tarried there.

  “ And I’ve died,” he continued,
“ and gone to heaven.”

  The doctor snorted, then delivered
himself of a cheery little laugh.

  “ Not so bad as that,” he said. “ A
dislocated shoulder, a broken collar-
bone.”

   2	S

  The girl helped him with steady
hand; the doctor had stripped the in-
jured shoulder. Turga, seeing that he
could be of no assistance, and with a
guilty desire to keep his presence un-
known to Frail, had passed out into
the hall, followed by the chauffeur.
They heard Frail groan and expostu-
late as the doctor performed his pain-
ful service; then there was silence
again.

  Presently Miss Carstairs came out
to where they were waiting.

  “ Mr. Frail is a neighbor of ours.
He is in good hands,” she added with
a swift smile. “ If you don’t mind, I
think that we had better keep him here
for the night. He is rather unstrung
•—needs rest, you know.”

  The look of her blue eyes came back
to Turga as he and the chauffeur
drove back their lonely way to the city.

CHAPTER X.

HIS GUARDIAN ANGEL.

  His surroundings were so wholly at
variance with the way he felt that
Hugh Frail groaned inwardly. His
physical discomfort was sufficient, but
the groan was intended to express his
bitterness of spirit. He felt abomina-
bly unworthy, unspeakably unclean.
Everywhere he looked was the impec-
cable chastity of pale blue and white.

  His headache was bad enough, and
a stabbing pain came from the region
of his right shoulder when he attempt-
ed to move. But his remorse was
worse than either of these things.

  He wasn’t yet quite sure where he
was. He had but the haziest recollec-
tion of what had happened after losing
far more than he could afford at the
Checker Club. Then, by slow degrees,
his flight by motor returned to him—
that he had started out for his fam-
ily’s country-place at Cherry Hills,
that some place along the road there
had been an accident.

  Then he remembered dimly, as one
recalls the phantasmagoria of a dream,
18

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the ministration of the doctpr, the?
vision of a soft-handed, blue-eyed girl.

  It seemed to him that he had seen
her before. He wondered where?
Perhaps this was her room. It looked
as though it might be. Again re-
morse and a sense of unworthiriess
submerged him.

  There were blue-silk curtains at the
French windows. The wall-paper
was blue and white. So was the up-
holstery, as much as he could see of
it. It all harmonized with the frag-
ment of blue sky he could see through
the white branches of a grove of
beeches, thus accentuating the ethe-
real, unearthly quality of the place.

  “ If I ever,” he reflected—“ if I
ever—”

  He paused to meditate an oath suf-
ficiently solemn to bind himself for
the rest of his natural life, when there
was a faint tapping at the door. Then
the latch clicked. He watched in si-
lence, half suspecting who the visitor
would be, fearful lest she be fright-
ened away before he could look at her.

  He recognized her now—the daugh-
ter of Dr. Carstairs — though he had
never spoken to her. From a distance
he had even noticed that she was good-
looking, but he had never suspected
her of being so downright beautiful.

  She noticed that his eyes were open,
and her first expression of caution was
dissolved in a smile of quick sympathy.

  “ How are you? ” she asked.

  “ Wonderfully fine,” he managed to
say; but the look of undisguisable
misery on his face gave him the lie.

  Miss Carstairs had stepped forward
with no more hesitancy than any
trained nurse would have displayed
and put a cool, smooth hand on his
forehead. Young Frail closed his
eyes and held his breath.

  “ A little fever,” she said; “ not
much.”

  “ Not when your hand’s there,” he
told her.

  “ Katzenjammer! ” she diagnosed.

  “ And repentance,” he supplement-
ed. “ Will you ever forgive me? ”

  “ It isn’t I who have anything to
forgive,” she said.

  “ But it will help a lot—”

  Her blue eyes were looking down
upon him with fathomless serenity.
Again there came in upon him pain-
fully that feeling of wretched unwor-
thiness that was so strong upon him
when he first awoke. He had made a
little effort at levity, but all levity went
out of him. No sinner, dragging his
soiled record to the footsteps of the
throne, could have felt much more
abased than he did.

  Those blue eyes above him were like
two transparent fragments of the blue
sky.

  “ Gee,” he broke out, with a self-
surprising tremor in his voice, “ but I
do feel rotten! ”

  “ Poor boy!”

  Again that wonderfully cool, smooth
hand resumed its place on his fore-
head. Again Frail closed his eyes, but
this time with some vague idea of not
embarrassing her when he said what
he had to say.

  “ Not the way you mean,” he ex-
plained. “ You know, you look so
altogether different from what I know
I am.”

  He paused. There was no fluctua-
tion of the hand on his forehead. He
kept his eyes closed. He didn’t have
to look to know that Miss Carstairs
understood.

  “ We’ve sent Uncle Jerry, our gar-
dener, over to your place for some
clothes,” she said soberly. “ As soon
as he comes back he’ll help you bathe
and dress. Shall I bring you your
breakfast now ? ”

  “ I could wash my own face,” said
Frail.

  He demonstrated the possibility by
moving his left hand over his face in
an imaginary ablution. Without pre-
meditation his hand came into contact
with hers. It startled him so that for
a moment he left it there—just barely
touching it.

  Had the contact been electrical, the
thrill of it couldn’t have been more
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

19

real. Miss Carstairs made no move to>
draw her hand away.

  “ I’m a trained nurse,” she said with
an excited little laugh like a child pro-
posing a new game. “ I can help you
—I really can.”

  With spontaneous enthusiasm for
her self - imposed task, she had given
his hand a tiny squeeze and was out
of the room before he could object.
When she appeared again, she had
donned a long, white apron, had sur-
mounted her fluffy yellow hair with a
linen nurse’s cap.

  She carried a bowl of water. There
was a towel over her arm. She tried
to look very serious and dignified, but
her blue eyes were sparkling and there
was a little flush of excitement in her
cheeks that hadn’t been there before.

  “ You’re my first regular patient,”
she said, “ though I have helped.”

  She took the business with the ut-
most seriousness, although she could
not quite keep from smiling.

  Frail surrendered himself utterly.
He was willing now to imagine him-
self even sicker than he was. He
groaned.

  “ I’m afraid I’m not going to be
able to get away from here for a long
time.”

  “ Oh, wouldn’t it be lovely! ”

  “ I’d let you practise on me so
much! ”

  This time it wasn’t mere excitement
that flushed Miss Carstairs’s beauti-
fully smooth cheek.

  “ You mustn’t speak,” she said, with
the air of one who recalls a lesson
from a text - book. “ The patient
should avoid excitement.”

CHAPTER XI.

  THE FRELINGHUYSEN “ THALER.”

  Mrs. Frail had a little thrill of sat-
isfaction as she looked at herself in the
long mirror. And well she might. The
gorgeously embroidered mandarin-
coat of Chinese-red made her posi-
tively superb.

  Ordinarily, eleven o’clock in the
morning was an hour of the day when
she didn’t care to be seen. But this
time she regretted that her visitor was
somewhat aged and, so far as she could
remember, not at all the type to be in-
fluenced by feminine loveliness.

  Her dark hair was coiled about her
small head in a single opulent braid.
The cloudy darkness of it made her
face very striking, with its dark brows
and dark-fringed gray eyes. By some
legerdemain known only to her maid
and herself she had brought her lips
to match perfectly the color of her
Oriental robe — an alluring red stain
harmonizing face and costume in a
way which would have delighted an
artist.

  She was a native of Southern Rus-
sia. She was still the Princess
Viatka. Ah, Dieu, if she were only a
girl again!

  Gray, austere, spectacled and
bearded, the typical European lawyer
of the old school, Dr. Melnik couldn’t
suppress a little gasp of delighted as-
tonishment at sight of her—thus ren-
dering his welcome certain. It wasn’t
the first time that she had made men
gasp like that, but coming from Dr.
Melnik it was doubly welcome.

  He had leaped to his feet with al-
most boyish impetuosity, had bent
over her hand like a young courtier.

  “ This is indeed a most pleasant sur-
prise,” she said in her softest Russian.
" How is everything in our beloved
land?”

  Dr. Melnik’s Russian was not so
soft. He spoke with a sort of guttural,
forceful hesitancy. It was as though
the Princess Viatka’s gray eyes, man-
darin-coat and lips to match had some-
what dazed him. Yet he was a man
incapable of circumlocution.

  “ If you speak of Russia, I know
not,” he answered. “If you speak of
Bohemia, more particularly of the
Frelinghuysen estate, I must answer,
not altogether good.”

  “ And you’ve come all the way
across the ocean to bring bad news ? ”
20

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Not precisely.”

  “ Yet not for the mere pleasure
of—”

  She completed her sentence with a
provoking smile and a toss of her
beautifully coifed head.

  Dr. Melnik delivered himself of a
flight gesture of negation. “ Alas,
that would be strange enough; but my
errand is stranger still.”

  “ I am very interested.”

  “ With your marriage into the Fre-
linghuysen line, altesse, you assumed
something more than a share in the
name and fortune.”

  “Even under the name of Frail?”
“ When the last Count von Freling-
huysen thought that he could escape
the historic curse of his line by chang-
ing his name to Frail, thought that he
could leave the curse behind him by
coming to America, he was desperate;
he grasped at a straw.”

  “ But he prospered.”

  Mrs. Frail shrugged her shoulders
slightly, cast a glance at the damask-
silk interior.

  “ Prosperity is not merely wine and
silk. Surely, no man ever lived a life
more a curse. I need not remind you
of the story of his life — of their
children and grandchildren—nor of
the late Mr. Horace Frail, your hon-
ored husband.”

  “ I know the story of the family
curse. I know that most of the family
have a penchant for tragedy, insanity,
genius, suicide—oh, what you will— ”
“ And the Frelinghuysen thaler! ”
There was no affectation, this time,
in Mrs. Frail’s start of surprise, her
shudder of frightened recollection.

  “ The Frelinghuysen thaler! I re-
member—Horace had a marked dol-
lar in his possession when he fell in
the duel. And now—tell me. What
do you know about it?”

  Melnik delivered himself of a ges-
ture of self-absolution—the gesture
of a serious man who permits himself
to speak of a subject which he does
not understand and which might be
absurd.

  “ The famlily archives mention it
as far back as the sixteenth century,
when there were no other thalers in
Europe—only those Joachims-thalers
of our Bohemia, and the first count, a
fugitive from Holland, was master of
the mint. God knows what thing he
did — something so horrible, in any
case, that it was never set down in
writing. But then it was that we find
our first reference to the curse—
stamped into one of the original
thalers.”

  “And the coin?”

  “ Ah, naturally, the original coin
has long since disappeared. Would
that this were also true of the legend-
ary curse. It appears again and
again—not in a Joachims-thaler but
always somehow in a similar coin.
As you say, when your honored hus-
band fell, he had in his possession—
But, why do you tremble?”

  “ An American dollar, curiously
marked! ”

  “ Precisely.”

  “ I have seen it—or one just like
it. ”

  “Where? Not in the possession
of— ”

  “Of a young man — also a Bo-
hemian, young and noble—Count
Carlos Turga.”

  “ Turga—Turga— ” Dr. Melnik
sought to place the name. “ Whence
comes he? ”

  “ Oddly enough, from the same
district as that of Schloss Freling-
huysen—the mountains just to the
north. So he has been told. He knows
practically nothing of his family. He
was brought up and educated here in
America.”

  Dr. Melnik let his bearded chin rest
on the bosom of his shirt. He twirled
his thumbs one around the other and
reflected.

  “A friend of the family?” he
asked.

  “ Almost.”

  Mrs. Frail, even now, could not re-
sist letting her thought dwell, butter-
fiy-fashion, for just a moment on the
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

21

way that the young count had looked
at her the night before.

  “ Beware of him,” said Dr. Melnik,
with unrelieved austerity. “ These
mountain-folk are a dangerous lot for
the Frelinghuysen line. I do not mind
telling you, princess, that your estates
in Bohemia failed to realize all the
money we had hoped for. All the bid-
ders—and there were few enough of
them, Heaven knows—acted as
though they had been touched by the
blight—cautious, penurious, mean—
almost as though they had been warned
that they were dealing with a danger-
ous property.”

  Dr. Melnik laughed a hoarse, un-
humorous laugh. He was speaking of
a painful subject.

  “ This it was, largely, that brought
me to New York—that and something
else. A certain famous—or infamous,
I know not which—sorceress of the
mountain-tribe recently left the dis-
trict of Frelinghuysen and came to
America. And now, you speak of the
marked dollar.

  “ I know I’m a fool—an old fool.
But, you know, I’ve lived so long in
the archives of the Frelinghuysens—
I’ve seen so much of the tragedy of
the Frails—that you can hardly blame
me. Let me suggest, at any rate, that
we keep this Turga at arm’s length.
Keep the dollar out of the family.”

  They smiled at each other — she
thinking of the handsome Turga, per-
haps, and he of the tragic destiny of
the line represented by the woman in
Chinese red, when Mrs. Frail’s maid,
Gabrielle, came in, paused, fluttering,
with her hand on her heart — every-
thing about her heralding bad news of
some sort.

  “Speak! What is it?” Mrs. Frail
exclaimed, leaning forward with sud-
den agitation.

  Gabrielle essayed English, out of
deference for the presence of the
stranger.

  “Ah, madame,” she exclaimed,
“ there is a accident of automobile.
M. Hugh, he is eerase. ”

  “Not dead!” ’

  " Non, non; mais— "

  Chivvers, the butler, appeared with
a card on a silver tray. He also
showed traces of excitement. It was
evident that he had heard the news.
But he was a bringer of information
as well.

  “ Beg pardon, ma’am,” he said,
“ but the young gentleman says that
he has seen Mr. Hugh, and he says,
ma’am, that Mr. Hugh was not so
badly hurt; that it isn’t much, ma’am,
and that he would be happy to reas-
sure you.”

  Melnik had been as spectator,
solemn, open mouthed. Here was ad-
ditional evidence, indeed, that one of
the reasons that had inspired his trip
across the Atlantic was not all tragic
nonsense.

  Mrs. Frail had taken the card and
scanned it, then held it out to Melnik
with a frightened smile.

  “ This is delicious,” she said, with
an affectation of gaiety, “ delicious or
terrible.”

  Melnik took the card and frowned
down at it in silence.

  It bore the name of Count Carlos
Turga.

CHAPTER XII.

SPELLS AND CHARM.

  There was a good deal of the castle
about the town house of the Frails.
The Frelinghuysen fugitive who had
built it had brought with him from the
old country a good deal of the old
country’s futile ideas of architecture.

  There was a dry moat instead of
an areaway. The entrance - hall was
an imposing place of carved sand-
stone and marble, its baronial aspect
augmented by its trophies of flags and
arms and suits of armor. The only
light that entered it came from a wide,
low, Gothic window at the first land-
ing of the grand staircase.

  It was the first time that Turga had
ever been there. He looked about him
22

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

with a curious mingling of unrest and
elation.

  He was familiar enough with the
homes of the mighty. He had been
in many a hall as handsome as this.
But never before had he felt that such
a place was in any way intimately asso-
ciated with his own destiny.

  He had hardly ever even thought of
marriage; but he thought of it now
*—thought of it with a quickening of
the pulse.

  As if in answer to some unspoken
petition in his heart, there appeared
just then, against the opalescent glow
of the Gothic window, the slight and
graceful silhouette of Agatha Frail.
She was dressed for the street in gray
and black—the dove gray of her eyes,
the blue black of her hair.

  Turga started forward with a half-
stifled exclamation of pleasure, then
checked himself. But Miss Frail had
noticed him and swung over in his
direction with her hand out. She
noticed the quick wave of color that
came, girl-like, to his cheeks, and gave
it a correct interpretation. He had
been thinking about her.

  It was very romantic. Several times
on the preceding evening their eyes
had met. Some sort of a mutual un-
derstanding had already sprung up
between them.

  A footman was already at the door
ready to open it for her. But she
turned back. She and Turga strolled
side by side down the cloistral length
and shadows of the hall.

  “You’ve come to see mama?” said
Agatha. “ She’ll keep you waiting.
She always does—and I believe some-
body else is here to see her, anyway.”

  The butler returned.

  “ Mrs. Frail will be pleased to see
you, sir,” he said.

  “ Very well, Chivvers,” Agatha an--
swered on Turga’s behalf. “ As I
was saying—oh, as I was saying—”

  Her voice trailed off into nothing.

  The dutiful Chivvers was again out
.of ear-shot.

  “ You are looking wonderful this

morning,” said Turga, with a slight'
quickening of his pulse.

  Miss Frail was very close to him.

  “Do you tell every one that?”

  “ Not so truthfully,” he answered
with conviction.

  “ You weren’t a bit nice last night,”
she accused him.

  “ I had stage-fright—your fault.”

  “ Why did you look at me like
that ? ”

  Not only Turga’s pulse but also his
respiration had quickened,

  “ I couldn’t help it,” he said in a
stifled whisper.

  It must have been some feminine
version of the old adage that every
man is a king in his own house.
Miss Frail was feeling very bold and
reckless. They had come to the end
of the hall—a grottolike recess under
one of the flying archways of the
stairs.

  She instinctively knew that they
were out of sight of Chivvers and his
cohorts. There she paused and faced
Turga, her inscrutable gray eyes look-
ing up into his luminous dark ones.

  “ I couldn’t help it,” he breathed in
an almost inaudible whisper.

  There was something in the twilight
that shut them in that recalled the
chimera of the previous evening—an
experience which even now, vivid as
his memory of it was, he was half
inclined to repudiate as a nightmare.
But there was no doubt of that con-
viction in his heart that he was master
here; that he was the arbiter of the
destinies of this girl who stood before
him, of her mother and her brother.

  He also knew that they were out of
sight of indiscreet eyes; that the girl
herself had led him here.

  With a quick gesture he had placed
his hands on her shoulders.

  He felt the tremor of her slight
body, but she did not recoil. He kissed
her on one of her closed eyes. A
moment later they were strolling back
into the hall as though, nothing had
happened, perfectly calm, perfectly
circumspect—so far as all outward
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

23

appearances were concerned, at any
rate.

  The dutiful Chivvers was approach-
ing. Said he:

  “ Mrs. Frail will be pleased to
receive you now, sir.”

CHAPTER XIII.

ONE flight up.

  For reasons best known to herself,
Mrs. Frail had decided to dispense with
the proffered presence and advice of
the austere Dr. Melnik in the forth-
coming interview. She had taken an-
other look at herself in the mirror;
had decided that she was quite capable
of taking care of herself in any combat
where her antagonist would be so
susceptible a person as the young
Count Carlos Turga.

  Her Chinese red mandarin-coat,
with lips to match, was, after all,
mightier than much wisdom of a
mere intellectual sort.

  Half-way up the grand staircase
Turga met the severe-looking gentle-
man of the beard and spectacles.
They were just under the Gothic win-
dow. Some trick of the light coming
through it, distorted by the leads and
the colored glass, may have exaggera-
ted the lawyer’s expression. A purple
stain lay across his frowning brow.
A red stain covered the rest of his
face. Then the apparition smiled—a
diabolical sort of smile.

  They had bowed to each other, after
the manner of Europe when well-bred
persons pass each other on the stairs.

  There was occasion for Dr. Melnik’s
smile. He had had a glimpse of a
handsome, dark-eyed youth in the full
flush of health; had seen him pass a
zone of light that had given his face
the livid green of death, then almost
instantly the scarlet of eternal fires.

  He was of imaginative stock, sprung
from a visionary race. The momen-
tary symbolism of the changing light
had pleased him immensely.

  Mrs. Frail was still under the domi-

nation of emotion when Turga was
ushered in. He embraced her in a
sweeping glance full of sympathy; had
brought her fingers to his lips—and
held them there for the fraction of a
second longer than the ordinary so-
cial protocol required.

  f‘ Dear boy—you bring me news ? ”
“ Alas! of a kind. But it isn’t
serious.”

  “ So they just told me; but I was
so afraid that you were merely trying
to allay my anxiety.”

  “ He is in good hands. That he
isn’t badly hurt I know. I was taking
a spin through the country last night
-—after leaving you ”—Turga’s eyes
rested on hers for a moment in a way
that said that she might have been the
cause of his riding far out into the
country like that in the middle of the
night—“ and I was lucky enough to
be there just after the accident. A
doctor was on the spot. Really, Hugh
couldn’t have chosen a better place,
especially as the doctor had a good-
looking daughter. Dislocated arm, a
broken collar-bone; nothing worse
than any one might get following
hounds or on the polo-field.

  “ You’re a dear,” sighed Mrs. Frail.
“ I was so alarmed! ”

  Her red lips trembled. Her gray eyes
were touched with self-pity and dawn-
ing relief. Turga reached forward and
took her hands in his.

  “ I have my motor at the door. The
morning is so fine! I’d love—”

  Again he completed the half-spoken
sentence with a look.

  As Turga had said, the day was
fine. The November sun had cofhe up
and driven away the mists and cloud
of the night just passed. Only the
blue haze of Indian summer hung over
the far places. The air was fragrant,
crisp, and exhilarating, the crimson
and russet trees were atremble in the
sunlight.

  There was that about the day which
meant not only the mystery of life,
but the zest of it as well.

  Any maternal anxiety which the
24

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

former Princess Viatka may have felt
concerning the state of her offspring
had long since disappeared.

  The chauffeur, being a student of
hunian nature as well as a respecter of
speed-laws when he had a lady aboard,
was bowling along at only comfortable
speed. The two passengers on the rear
seat had ample opportunity to compare
notes.

  It was Uncle Jerry, the Carstairses’
gardener, who received them at the
gate of the brown cottage. He im-
parted the cheerful information that
nobody was home. The doctor was
off for his regular walk through the
woods. Miss Carstairs herself had
driven the patient of the night before
over to the adjoining Frail estate.

  “ If you drive right smart you might
catch up with them,” said Uncle Jerry.

  “ What consideration! ” Mrs. Frail
sighed.

  “Just that,” Turga replied, with a
laugh. “ Now, if we were only forced
to follow them on to Poughkeepsie! ”

  Mrs. Frail looked her gratitude.

  The precocious warmth of their
friendship had steadily increased.

  “ We’ll have our revenge,” she said
lightly. “ Have you any other en-
gagement? You could stay out here
for luncheon. We could make a day
of it,” she said, with mounting enthu-
siasm.

  “ Watch me break all other engage-
ments,” Turga replied.

  Quite unconsciously his hand was
again resting on hers. Quite as un-
consciously she was leaving it there.

  Turga’s thoughts again reverted for
the hundredth time to the encounter
with Agatha Frail in the hallway of
the Frail town house that morning.
Again Mrs. Frail’s thought reverted
to the morning call of Dr. Melnik.

  It was very stupid of Dr. Melnik
to think that a warning was even
necessary. Turga was so manifestly
ready to put himself entirely in her
power.

  In a very leisurely way the motor
was treading through a more

than usually beautiful section of road,
heavily wooded on both sides and
fringed with rock and laurel. It was
almost primitive, except that on one
side—for mile after mile, it seemed
—there appeared through occasional
openings in the screening shrubbery
the spear-headed pickets of a high iron

  “ Cherry Hills,” said Mrs. Frail,
with her eyes on the fence. ■“ Horace’s
grandfather would have his deer-
park.”

  “ Is the place open ? ”

  “ Unfortunately,” Mrs. Frail re-
plied.

  She had thrown him an amused
glance from the corner of her eyes.
She saw the girl-like tinge of color
that crept into Turga’s smooth cheek,
and she gave a slight pressure to the
hand resting against hers before in-
dulging in the fiction of arranging a
lock of hair.

  “ I forget just how many people
there are on the place all the year
round,” she continued. “ Some fright-
ful number—seven or eight hundred,
not including the children and old
people. It’s the only form of charity
the Frails have ever been noted for,”
she concluded, with a little laugh.

  They came to a monumental gate of
granite and wrought .iron, with a
porter’s lodge of generous dimensions
and sober architecture. A stout, rath-
er flabby retainer appeared with the
expression of a tired business man. He
had already been forced to open the
gate once that morning.

  But at sight of the woman in the
automobile his expression of bored
weariness gave way at once to one
of anxious zeal. The gate swung
open.

  They had entered a beautifully kept
avenue that swept away ahead of them
in graceful curves. The tall trees
arched their multicolored branches
overhead. The dark, shining green of
cedar and rhododendron made each
side of the road a frontier of alluring
and unexplored mystery.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

25

  There is a sort of intoxication in
the physical presence of great wealth
combined with great beauty, especially
when these things take the form of a
noble park.

  At Turga’s side was the mistress of
this place. She was sitting so close
to him that he could feel the tepid
vibrance of her body. She hadn’t
resisted when he held her hand.

  “ A penny for your thoughts,” she
said.

  Turga flashed upon her a dazzling
smile. He leaned' very close to her.

  “I take you,” he said softly; “but
I’ll have to whisper them.”

CHAPTER XIV. .

THE GATE OPENS AGAIN.

  Feeling just as though she had had
an early morning cocktail, Agatha
Frail turned into the avenue with a
light step and a sparkling eye. Gen-
erally she looked on this affair of the
morning constitutional as more or less
of a bore.

  But it was at least useful in killing
a part of the day, and it always held
out a certain promise of adventure.

  She had received an abundant her-
itage of romanticism from both father
and mother. She had often thought
of running away. She wasn’t sure in
her mind that she wouldn’t do it yet.

  Her habitual mood was that of a
young eaglet just fledged, with all the
instincts of soaring flight, yet hemmed
in by gilded bars.

  She had just reached the age when
she could give a certain weight to her
declarations of independence so far
as tutors and dressmakers were con-
cerned, but was still far from the
greater liberty of a last year’s
debutante.

  The day had auspiciously begun.
There was adventure in the air. She
had some vague idea of perhaps en-
countering young Count Turga again,
after his interview with her mother—
whatever that might be for. She had

seen his motor at the door. She could
imagine a glorious elopement, a thrill-
ing dash into the unknown, with pieces
in the paper, and everything like that.

  She was brought back to earth
again by a cheery hail. A rather stout
young man with broad shoulders and
yellow hair had overhauled her—>
Frederic Graw, 3rd.

  “ I say, Agatha,” he said cheerily as
he swung into step at her side, “ how
the deuce do you expect a fellow to get
to work when you put obstacles like
this into the road?”

  Agatha’s first impulse was one of
impatience, but his good nature domi-
nated her.

  “ Are you really trying to work,
Freddy?” she asked.

  “ Got in three whole days last week,”
he asserted with righteous dignity.
“ The governor’s having a new sign
painted—* Graw & Graw, Brokers.’
Looks great.”

  “ Won’t he scold you if you’re
late?”

  “ Feeling a bit seedy—can’t work
if I’m sick,” he smiled down at her.
“ By Jove, I’m a brute! Did you hear
about Hugh ? ”

  Agatha hadn’t heard; and when she
did hear, what interested her most was
the fact that the original disseminator
of the news was Count Carlos Turga.

  It gave her a little thrill of pleasure
that Turga could have seen her and
talked to her—and made love to her—
without having experienced the neces-
sity of even mentioning the fact. She
was a good deal of the Slav, was
Agatha.

  “ And we could run out there in no
time,” said Graw, breaking in on her
reverie.

  “ I hate sick-rooms,” Agatha re-
torted — “ dismal, smelly, subdued
voices, and all that sort of thing.”

  “We wouldn’t have to stay long,”
Frederic argued. “ It isn’t any of this
sad business, you know. Great day for
a run—bracing air, woods, good roads.
And I have the greatest little old ma-
chine—new one, just got it. Only
26

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

thing it lacks, you know, is that you
haven't ridden in it—hasn’t been
christened, or haloed, or whatever
they call it.”

  “ I—won’t—go,” said Agatha de-
cisively.

  Freddy’s exuberance was beginning
to get on her nerves. He was by way
of spoiling everything that the morn-
ing had promised by way of romance
and adventure.

  She and Graw had grown up to-
gether. For her he held out nothing
of these things. She knew him too
well. He was too healthy.

  “ By Jove, Agatha,” he said, undis-
mayed, “you look positively stunning
when you snap your snow-white teeth
like that. I feel like the fellow in a
cage with a panther or a tigress, or
something like that.”

  “A cat!”

  At that he had paid her the only
kind of a compliment that she cared
for.

  “ A bit cattish,” he cajoled. Then,
with a change of intonation: “Come
on; it’ll do you good.”

  They strolled along together a con-
siderable distance, stopping now and
then to look into shop-windows like a
couple of children. Graw was hang-
ing on with good-natured persistence.
He had even confronted the terror of
a milliner’s shop, while Agatha hag-
gled abominably over some trifle or
other.

  She had quite despaired of getting
rid of him by fair means, and was try-
ing foul.

  Again they were out on the ave-
nue. If Graw would only go!

  If Turga would only come along!

  The traffic-policeman at Thirty-
Fourth Street lifted his hand as a sig- .
nal for the cross-town cars to pass. In
the quick congestion of motor-cars and
other vehicles in the avenue on the
upper side of the street Agatha caught
a glimpse of some one—of two people
—whom she recognized.

  They were sitting together in an au-
tomobile; were so absorbed in their

conversation that they did not appear
to care about anything else at all, least
of all who might be looking at them
from the sidewalk.

  It was Count Turga and her
mother.

  After that first glance of hers Aga-
tha looked straight ahead and quick-
ened her pace.

  Graw had noticed nothing in par-
ticular. There was only one person
on the crowded avenue whom he could
see anyway.

  “ I say, Agatha,” he was saying,
“ we’ll lunch together, then do a mati-
nee.”

  Her answer was a deluge of de-
light.

  “ I’ve changed my mind,” she said
without so much as looking at him.
“ Get your car. We’ll go out to Cherry
Hills.”

CHAPTER XV.

A FACE IN THE CROWD.

  Young Frail had negotiated a
change of raiment. They found him
reclining in a long chair of woven
grass on the Cherry Hills terrace. He
had succeeded in keeping Miss Car-
stairs in attendance, and his greeting
of Turga and his mother was not par-
ticularly exuberant.

  Miss Carstairs was plainly embar-
rassed, though Mrs. Frail hailed her
as the preserver of her son’s life. Mrs.
Frail belonged to that category of
women who encouraged romance. By
some devious psychology she took the
presence of a pretty girl at her son’s
side as a compliment to herself.

  She even glanced discreetly in an-
other direction as Miss Carstairs bade
Hugh good-by and assured him that
her father would drive over in the
afternoon to see that he was getting
along all right.

  To Turga fell the acceptable task of
accompanying the visitor to her wait-
ing phaeton. Miss Carstairs’s hand
had felt so slim and cool, so smooth
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

27

and pleasant, in his a little while be-
fore, when he greeted her, that the
memory of it lingered.

  It had been like the touch of a
soothing lotion to a fever patient. And
as he walked at her side now along the
balustraded terrace which was one of
the features of Cherry Hills, he knew
that her hand symbolized her whole
nature—in a way not generally taken
into consideration by professional
palmists.

  Miss Carstairs was just a bit dis-
concerted. For years she and her fa-
ther had lived under the shadow of the
great Frail estate; but by no possible
stretch of imagination had the Frails
and Carstairs been neighbors. But,
like most young girls, her fancy had
been captured by the Frail tradition
—there was so much of splendor and
mystery in it, of magnificence and
tragedy.

  The builder of the French chateau,
which was the center of the Cherry
Hills estate—the terrace of which she
had just left—had left behind him a
legend resembling that of Blue Beard.

  He was a very terrible man, this
fugitive Count von Frelinghuysen,
and terrible he had remained even as
the plain Mr. Frail; terrible even when
for year after year he no longer ap-
peared driving his fiery black team
and it became known that he was
glooming his life away in a corner of
his palace, the victim of some name-
less malady. There had been several
ladies in the household, according to
all accounts, but they had disappeared
even more completely.

  Then there was the tragedy of the
Frail children. There had been an
eldest son, heir not only to the name
and fortunes of the Frails in America,
but to a share of the historic Freling-
huysen lands in Bohemia. They had
found him smothered in the family
safety-deposit vault—so tradition had
it'—with a single coin clasped in his
dead hand—a silver dollar peculiarly
marked.

  There had also been a daughter, but

she had disappeared—no one knew
where.

  The only remaining child was Hor-
ace, a profligate—according to all re-
ports—'whose folly had exiled him
early from America. He it was who
had married the Princess Viatka, had
reached the climax of his career with
a dueling-sword through his heart.

  And now, for the first time in her
life, Miss Carstairs had spoken to a
Frail; had stood on the legendary ter-
race; had been kissed by the more or
less fabulous Mrs. Frail, the former
Princess Viatka. She had found them
human. They had treated her as an
equal—had insisted that she come to
see them often, and her father was to
continue his ministrations to the Frail
heir.

  A groom, with immobile patience,
was holding the Carstairs pony.

  “ Let’s walk a little way,” Turga
suggested. “ Don’t leave me all alone.
We must give mother and son a chance
to talk it over in private. I can’t go
back right away.”

  Miss Carstairs was tempted. Before
them lay a sunken garden still tremu-
lous with perfumed color, despite the
lateness of the season. Both she and
Turga knew that the entrance - road
skirted the farther end of it. She
looked at the garden, then back at
Turga and smiled. He needed no other
'authority, but instructed the groom to
drive ahead and wait for them.

  “ I should really be hurrying home,”
she said.

  “ * While the rose blows along the
river brink,’ ” Turga quoted.

  Again she flashed on him her blue-
eyed smile. “ * With old Khayyam the
ruby vintage drink,’ ” she supplement-
ed. “ A bad preceptor.”

  “ An excellent one — with * thou ’
and a day like this.”

  She tossed her head slightly; but
Turga, watching her from the corner
of his eyes, could see that she was not
displeased. She seemed to be marvel-
ously in her element—here in the cool
sweetness of the garden—and he told
28

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

her so, then watched the heightened
color, the flash of her eye, with a sense
of perfect luxury.

  It seemed to him an abominable
thing that she should already have
passed so much time in the company
of Hugh Frail. He wondered what
had passed between them. But when
he questioned her in a half - jocular,
half-suggestive way, which most girls
would have accepted as a mere chal-
lenge to repartee, Miss Carstairs an-
swered him with such frank innocence
that he was disarmed.

  As Agatha Frail, with Frederic
Graw, 3d, at her side proudly dem-
onstrating the suppleness of his new
car, spun past the sunken garden, she
caught a glimpse of Turga bending
over a chrysanthemum with his head
very close to that of a woman. At
first she thought the.-woman was her
mother. Then she noticed that this
particular person had yellow hair.
She bit her lip. Then the car was out
of sight.

  Turga received such an impression
of having been looked at that he had
turned almost instantly. But he was
just too late.

  He heard the receding, whispering
rush of the motor that had just passed.
He wondered who could have been in
it. He was very susceptible to impres-
sions. He was still looking, still ab-
sorbed in his new train of thought, al-
though Miss Carstairs’s soft voice
continued to caress his ears, when a
group of laborers—a full score of
them — passed along the road in the
wake of the automobile. Turga start-
ed slightly.

  There was a face in the crowd that
recalled his fantastic adventure in the
old warehouse—the face of one who
had surely been there.

  The man threw a single glance in
his direction — cruel, alert, savagely
content—then trudged on his way with
the stolid company.

  “You look,” said Miss Carstairs,
“ as though you had seen a ghost.”

  Said Turga: “ I have.”

  “ This place is full of them,” she
added softly, then bit her lip. She
held out her hand. “ There’s the pony.
I mustn’t keep you any longer.”

  “ Do you know how to lay ghosts ? ”
he asked, clinging to her cool fingers.

  She started to speak, then checked
herself. Hugh Frail had asked her
that same question but half an hour
before.

CHARTER XVI.

ALE IN THE FAMILY.

  They were all on the terrace when
Turga returned from his pleasant er-
rand to the sunken garden—not only
Hugh and Mrs. Frail, but Graw and
Agatha. Graw saluted him coldly
enough, so Turga thought, but the
momentary twinge of unpleasantness
was instantly obliterated by the smile
that the former Princess Viatka gave
him, by the thinly disguised pleasure
that Agatha evidently experienced at
seeing him again.

  It really mattered very little what
Graw might think of him—or Hugh
Frail either, for that matter—as long
as he was persona grata to the chate-
laine and her alluring daughter. Turga
was perfectly at ease.

  Agatha had come forward to meet
him, had held out her hand—a sort of
delicate white lie meaning to indicate
that they had not previously met that
morning.

  “ Now that you have lost one
guide,” she said, “I volunteer to take
her place.” She turned to her mother.
“ Luncheon won’t be ready for half
an hour yet, will it, mother dear? I’m
going to show Count Turga about the
place -— some of grandfather’s Bohe-
mian things.”

  Agatha was not lacking in audacity.
Almost before any one had had time
to object, Agatha was bearing him off,
a perfectly willing captive. Graw had
taken a step in their direction, as if
to follow; had recognized the hope-
lessness of it; had subsided as grace-
lTHE HAUNTED LEGACY.

29

fully as possible into the company of
Hugh and his mother.

  “ Something of a bounder, all the
same,” Graw murmured, with his eyes
on the Princess Viatka.

  “ Why, Freddy dear! ”

  The former Princess Viatka had
shrugged her shoulder in negation.
If she felt any resentment at Agatha’s
venture in piracy she did not show it.
After all, she found the situation just
a bit amusing, especially in view of
Graw’s ill-nature.

  “ And you’ll have to admit,” she
went on, “ that he’s awfully hand-
some.”

  “ Oh, he’s pretty enough! ” Graw
conceded; “but that doesn’t mean
that he’s not a bounder. After what
he did last night—”

  “ What did he do last night ? ” Mrs.
Frail wanted to know. The conversa-
tion had lagged until then.

  Graw looked at Frail.

  “ Go on and tell her,” counseled the
invalid. “ Better now while she is
sorry for me. She’ll have to dig up,
anyway.”

  He looked up at his mother with a
rueful smile.

  “More gambling debts?” queried
Mrs. Frail with the ready intuition of
long experience.

  “ It was Turga’s fault,” Graw ex-
plained. “ Hugh was ahead and every-
thing was lovely, when this Turga
person came along and egged him on.”
“ How much was it this time ? ”
asked the princess softly.

  “ A trifle of ten thousand.”

  Mrs. Frail caught her breath. It
wasn’t altogether the money loss that
made her do it—she was thinking of
what Melnik had told her that morn-
ing, of all the sinister memories which
Turga himself had stirred in the back
of her brain the evening before.

  “ And Turga won it? ”

“ By gad, mater! ” Graw exclaimed.
“ I’m glad you take it like that. I
really am. But, really, one would think
you were glad that Turga won.”
“Hush, Hugh; don’t make yourself

out to be a worse fool than you are.”
She turned to Graw. “ Tell me about
it. Give me the details.”

 “ Oh, come now, mater,” young
Frail protested. “ Don’t make poor
Freddy be the goat. I’ll admit that I
was a bit tipsy—not in the least soused,
or anything like that. No, really you
couldn’t blame Turga for that, Freddy,
old man. But he did put the jinx on
me, mother dear—oh, a regular jinx,
you know.”

  He began to fumble awkwardly in
his pocket with his one free hand.
The former Princess Viatka did not
speak. She was watching him with
tense expectancy. She had moments
of really remarkable prescience.

  “ You see,” young Frail was ram-
bling on, “ everything was going so
lovely until Turga pulled this bally
dollar on me. I swiped it from him.
Did you ever see the like?”

  He held it up—that worn and shiny
coin with the winged cross graved
roughly on its face.

  “ Haunted! ” young Frail exclaimed^
with some primitive instinct for hu-
mor. “Jinx! Ah, you know; blessed
if it doesn’t feel a bit queer to the
touch even now. I noticed the same
thing last night.”

  “ For the Lord’s sake, Hugh, talk
sense! ” Graw mumbled.

  As a matter of fact, there was some-
thing so uncanny about this youth sit-
ting there after his recent misfortunes,
here on the ancestral terrace which
had been the scene of far greater mis-
fortunes in the past—something so
uncanny in his reference to the haunt-
ed coin—that Graw had felt a qualm
of uneasiness.

  “ I am talking sense,” Hugh retort-
ed with lazy insistence. “ I’m a Frail,
Didn’t you ever hear of the dollar —
the dollar? ”

  The former Princess Viatka had
stood somewhat tense, yet somewhat
withdrawn, her eyes on the coin, yet
hardly listening to what was being
said. She was listening instead to the
hundred whispers of the past, remote
30

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

and recent, which had to do with a
coin like this—with this selfsame coin
she had no doubt. Very calmly she
reached over and took it.

  “ I’ll keep this,” she said softly.
“ I’ll pay your debt this time, but I
can’t risk your getting in so deep an-
other time.”

  “ A fair exchange,” laughed Graw.

  “ You’re a brick, inater” said
Hugh. “ If I weren’t wounded I’d
slip you a little hug.”

  There was no great enthusiasm in
the latter declaration. Nor did the
former Princess Viatka display any
enthusiasm so far as accepting the
suggestion was concerned.

  “You two boys stay here,” she said
as she moved off. “ I’m going to call
Agatha.”

  Turga had followed his volunteer
guide into a lofty and somewhat bar-
ren hallway — as gloomy and spectral
as a cave. It would have seemed nat-
ural had bats swarmed down from the
remote comers, if a ghost or two had
stalked forth from the dark oak pan-
eling.

  “I just love this place,” Agatha
confessed tremulously.

  “ So do I,” Turga asserted.

  He had slipped his arm through
hers without creating any visible im-
pression on the graven mask of a foot-
man standing near.

  “ Let’s explore.”

  “ Let’s.” Turga accented somewhat
the pressure of his arm.

  They passed from the hallway into
a great library, only a little less
gloomy. It thrilled Turga with pleas-
ant anticipation as he sensed Agatha’s
obvious purpose to lead him some-
where, anywhere, away from prying
eyes.

  She twisted open the espagnolette
of a French window, and they found
themselves on a little stone porch,
commanding an exquisite view of park
and garden.

  “ What did you think of me this
morning?” quavered Agatha, with

her back turned, as she busied herself
with the window.

  Turga’s hand trembled slightly as
it touched her waist. The soft hair
curling on the back of her neck was
wonderfully attractive, he thought.

  The former Princess Viatka, once
alone, with that dollar of ill - omen in
her possession, was tremulous, excited.
She had no definite purpose—only a
vague idea of confronting Turga, of
questioning him concerning it and his
possession of it.

  She came at last to the French
window through which Turga and her
daughter had passed but a little while
before. She stopped short, with her
hand pressed to her heart—the hand
that held the dollar.

  She had seen Agatha throw back
her head with swooning abandonment,
had seen Turga press his lips to hers.

CHAPTER XVII.

A FACE IN THE GLASS.

  Alone that night in his apartments,
Turga again took thought of Paulo.
It was as though there had been a
death in the family—as though death
had removed the only other member
of the only family he had ever known.
There was no word. The old servant
had disappeared as completely as
though he had never existed, although
on every hand there was still abun-
dant evidence of his long devotion.
Yet how changed was the place!

  For the first time in years Turga
dressed himself for the evening with-
out assistance. Now that he had passed
for a time at least from under the in-
fluence of the interests that had en-
thralled him during the day his con-
science smote him. After all, he
couldn’t desert poor old Paulo like
that.

  Still wondering, still distraught, he
strolled into the Checker Club. There
was a letter there for him. It was a
brief note from Hugh Frail and en-
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

31

closed was his check for ten thousand
dollars.

  With the slip of paper in his hand
Turga fell into a reverie. After a
minute or two he went into a private
room and got his banker on the tele-
phone. The man had gone home for
the night, but he could give Turga the
information he desired. The usual
date for his monthly remittance from
Bohemia had passed almost a week
ago, but the remittance this time had
failed to materialize.

  He loitered through a portion of
the evening at a theater, then went
again to his apartments. Still no
Paulo. Still no word.

  He summoned his chauffeur and
asked him if he could recall the place
where he had been guided by Paulo
the night before.

  “ Sure thing,” said the man.

  “ Take me there.”

  They ran south once into the zone
of loneliness beyond.

  Once more they made their way
through those spirit-haunted streets.
Then clamor broke out in the form of
a fire - engine, hurtling through a
street a couple of blocks ahead. It
recalled the “ Walkiire ” of the night
before.

  Turga could still see the sparks in
the street, a few moments later, when
the chauffeur brought the automobile
to a stand at the corner where he had
waited the night before.

  There was a glow of red to the
east. That was the direction that
Paulo had taken.

  With a slight quickening of his
pulse, with snatches of the “ Wal-
kiire ” music alternately droning and
throbbing through his head, Turga
started off in that direction.

  He suspected the truth even before
he had traversed half of the distance.
Black hallways and dismal courts
were vomiting their black froth of
human misery. Fire was a spectacle,
with always the possibility of loot.

  As Turga rounded the corner he
was suddenly confronted with a near

prospect of whirling flame, a pillar of
dancing fire surmounted by a wallow-
ing cloud of spark-shot smoke.

  In the fitful, sinister illumination
thrown out by this tremendous torch,
he could read the name on the burning
building. It was W. G. Frail.

  In spite of his premonition, he ex-
perienced a tightening of his tnroat,
a catching of his breath. He seemed
to hear again in the roar of the
flames—

  We take again what was never sold.

  “Any lives lost ? ” he asked a police-
man who was shooing back the crowd.

  “ Not yet,” the policeman answered.

  “Was no one in the building? ” he
persisted.

  The policeman glanced at him im-
patiently, then glanced again with in-
creased interest.

  “ Naw; that place hasn’t been in use
for the past thirty years. Why?”

  “Oh, nothing; except that I know
the owners.”

  He felt very small in the presence
of that dancing giant of smoke and
flame—as Aladdin might have felt in
the presence of the Jinnee of the
Lamp. Only he knew, did Turga, that
he was not master but slave.

  As he turned to go he discovered
that he had been standing in front of
a cheap restaurant, long since closed
for the night. There was a section of
unclean mirror in the window, de-
signed no doubt to conceal things still
more unclean beyond.

  He caught a reflection of his face—•
weirdly lighted, each feature distorted
and accentuated by the light of the
fire.

  He shuddered, then laughed. He
hadn’t recognized himself. He looked
older. He looked like Mephistopheles.

CHAPTER XVIII.

THE OPEN WINDOW.

  Turga wasn’t the only one who was
reviewing just then the events of the
32

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

past twenty-four hours. Twice Mrs.
Frail had snapped on the light at the
side of her canopied bed, had coaxed
calm and forgetfulness and possibly
sleep with the suavest of Bosnian
cigarettes. It was of no use.

  She swore softly under her breath
in Russian, but she confessed to her-
self that she wasn’t precisely unhappy.
Ennui was the only thing she feared,
and there was no immediate prospect
of that, not with this renascence of old
fears and superstitions, not with the
young Count Turga as her latest play-
thing.

  Not since her husband, Horace
Frail, had been brought back to
Schloss Frelinghuysen from the
woody dueling - ground had she been
so tremulous.

  For a long time she lay there look-
ing at her dressing-table, as though
half expecting some demonstration of
the supernatural. It was so odd that
the thaler should thus have come back
into the family—doubly odd that this
should have occurred on the very day
that the dismal Melnik had called to
croak his warning.

  At last she could stand the sensa-
tion of unsatisfied expectancy no
longer. She slid her pink feet out of
bed and into a pair of wadded Turkish
slippers.

  She scurried over to the table and,
opening a drawer, took out the shi-
ning silver disk—the dollar which she
had discovered that afternoon in her
son’s possession, the same dollar, she
made no doubt, that she had seen the
night before in possession of the
strange and disconcerting young
Turga; the same, she was equally sure,
that site had seen among her husband’s
possessions that last day that they had
carried him home.

  “The Frelinghuysen thaler!”

  She believed in curses. Her mind
ran back over the old wives’ tales she
had heard in the long winter evenings
in southern Russia, stories of the
frightful crimes and superstitions and
■witchcrafts which prevailed in that part

of Europe during the close of the
dark ages, during the religious wars,
during the time that the ogres of the
past were at death-grip with the young
giants of the new era.

  That there still lived lost tribes of
the old regime in various parts of cen-
tral Europe she was convinced. Even
after her marriage, and she and her
handsome husband had gone to live in
the historic Frelinghuysen Castle, she
had heard stories about the “ cave-
dwellers ” of the wild mountain neigh-
borhood that made her shudder.

  Descendants and followers still were
they of the great and terrible Munz-
ner; all that was left of his earthly
dream of becoming a second Moham-
med; sharers still of some of the dark
secrets and rituals that had at last
brought him to the stake.

  Instead of distressing her, these
souvenirs brought to Mrs. Frail an
exquisite thrill of fear and excitement.
She had nurtured such sentiments
ever since she was a very little girl.
After a manner they had become nec-
essary to her happiness.

  She caressed the sinister coin.
Placed it against her cheek. Tried to
imagine that she felt the pricking tin-
gle of esoteric emanations.

  There are two explanations of what
followed—there are for almost every
event in life, whether the event be
spiritual or physical.

  One explanation is that Mrs. Frail
still carried her lighted cigarette in her
fingers; that it was the coal of fire at
the end of it that touched the delicate
texture of her throat.

  The other explanation—and the one
which she accepted—was that it was
the coin that burned her; that she had
felt the thrust of Belial’s red-hot claw.
Her old nurse had told her about such
things back in Russia.

  But this is certain. As she brought
the coin down the side of her face it
seemed to her lively imagination that
it actually did carry with it a little trail
of heat. She had brought it to that
extra - delicate corner of the human
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

33

mask just under the jawbone, midway
betwixt ear and chin, when, she let out
a half - stifled cry which was both
shriek and curse.

  There had been a stab of hot pain—
instant, terrible.

» For a moment she was wholly dom-
inated by frenzied panic. It was for
this thing that her imagination had
been cunningly preparing her. She
reeled, saw her open window, and
hurled the coin into the darkness.

  As though her experience was not
already bad enough, there was to be
one additional feature of it which she
was never to forget.

  The coin disappeared. She waited
with straining senses to hear it fall on
the cement driveway outside. There
came no sound. It was this final, un-
canny exit that affected her more than
anything else. It was as though the
thing had melted into thin air.

  She tiptoed over to her window and
looked out. The cement driveway be-
low, the unbroken stone wall of the
neighboring house just opposite. There
was not a rug nor a square of sod—
nothing—that could have deadened the
sound like that.

  She went back to her mirror and
examined her wound. It was a burn;
there was no questioning that—a red
mark and a blister, to say nothing of
the pain.

  She dressed her wound with cream.
She shuddered and smoked. It was
rarely that she had been so happy—
not since coming to America.

  She crawled back into her bed and
slept like a baby.

CHAPTER XIX.
false dawn.

  Much to the surprise of his family
and friends, Hugh Frail lingered on at
Cherry Hills long after his shoulder
and collar-bone were well again. A
new interest had come into his hith-
erto aimless life. It was as though he
had been very short-sighted and had

    3	S

been supplied by the Master Oculist
with a perfect lens. The lens was the
crystal - cleSr character of Elin Car-
stairs.

  Their acquaintance had ripened.
She was something different from any
girl he had ever known before. She
was a drink of spring-water to a man
tired of champagne.

  Young Frail, by the same token,
was getting acquainted with Cherry
Hills. Its thousand acres of hills and
valleys, of woods and meadows, was
becoming something else than a mere
place to dawdle away empty hours,
where he could shoot and ride and
flirt without constraint. Deep in his
nature was the atavistic love of nature
common to all men. Miss Carstairs
had developed and strengthened this.

  She was the priestess,,of the great
god Pan. She had been reared in the
open. She knew the flowers and birds
and trees. Dogwood, tulip, the dif-
ferent oaks and maples — even such
foreign trees as the Japanese kiri and
the Chinese ginkgo—were old friends.

  “ You make me feel like a nit,” said
Hugh one day as they strolled through
one of the remoter corners of the
Cherry Hills estate.

   “ What’s a nit ? ” she asked blithely.

  “ Everything you’re not — nothing
that you are,” he answered feelingly.
“You know, something like what a
night in town is compared to a day
like this out here in the country.”

  It was a gorgeous day in the late
Indian summer — blue and old gold,
the smell of dead leaves and an occa-
sional faint whiff of burning brush.

  Miss Carstairs’s only answer was
her sympathetic, blue-eyed smile.

  “ I know nothing; you know every-
thing,” Frail went on, his pretense of
humor touched with wistfulness. “ I’m
a poor actor; you’re a queen. When
I think of what I am, have been, and
always will be, and what you are, have
been, and always will be—gee, I feel
like—”

  He doubled up his fist and thumped
himself on the side of the head.
34

ALL-STORY, WEEKLY.

  Miss Carstairs’s eyes were very
alert and she was still smiling.

   “ I don’t deserve all that; neither do
you,” she said half seriously. “ You
have this wonderful present — a still
more wonderful future.”

  “ Do you believe it?” he asked ap-
pealingly. “ Jove, Elin, you don’t
know what an awful lot of good it
does me to hear you say a thing like
that!”

  “ Of course I mean it—it’s perfect-
ly true.”

  “ You’re the only person who does
believe it—the only person who ever
said so, at any rate. You know, Elin,
I’m a rather bad lot. Everybody says
so, and Lord knows I’ve given them
cause. But, honestly, I’m not alto-
gether rotten.”

  He laughed at his own seriousness.

  “Just see how I rise when—when
you make a cast like that. Really, you
know, you’re the first girl who ever
talked sense to me; who could tell the
names of trees and everything like
that. And yet sometimes I like to
think that I’m not a mere blithering
idiot.”

  Again he laughed, but there was no
disguising the cri de coeur, the pro-
found sincerity of what he was saying.

  A shade of wistfulness swept lightly
across Elin Carstairs’s face also—a
passing cloud, a moistening of her
eyes, suggesting the lightest, briefest
of showers.

  “ Look at that beautiful young larch
over there,” she said, turning to him
with sudden inspiration. “ It’s beauti-
ful because it’s growing up under good
conditions — good ground, plenty of
liberty, yet protected. What chance
would it have in the city streets? They
couldn’t make it grow. Perhaps you’re
a larch.”

  “ I see the point,” he answered,
reaching over and giving her nearer
hand a grateful little squeeze. “ But,
you know, the larches were never—”

  “ Never?”

  Frail didn’t answer. He appeared
to be struggling for a moment or two

to find adequate expression for some
thought that was forming in his mind,
then decided not to express it, after all.

  They had come out of the woods
onto a knoll overlooking a valley back
of the house. At the bottom of the
valley a small army of men were ex-
cavating an enormous basin. There
was a steam-shovel at work. Steam-
drills were tapping away at granite
rocks. Steam - winches were helping
team-drawn wagons from the excava-
tion to the road.

  “ See how rapidly they’re getting
along with the lake,” said Frail, grate-
ful for a change of interest. “ Later
on we’re going to have a moat—a
moat with running water in it right
round the house.”

  “ And why a moat ? ” asked Miss
Carstairs. “ I should think that it
would cost an awful lot of money'—an
awful lot of money to spend when it
won’t do any good.”

   “ There’s a reason.”

   “ Vanity.”

  “ Not altogether. I wasn’t going to
say what I had in my mind a little
while ago,” said Frail seriously, “ but
I’ll say it, anyway. I was going to
say that the larch family wasn’t under
a curse. You wouldn’t have to sur-
round the home of the larches, for ex-
ample, with running water to keep
away the family ghost.”

  He broke off with a laugh in which
there was no humor and glanced at
Miss Carstairs, curious as to just how
she would take the declaration. She
took it seriously enough. She was
thinking of the family history—of all
the tragedies that had become legend-
ary about the names of both Freling-
huysen and Frail.

  “ There are no ghosts,” said Elin
Carstairs - • “ that is, .none that can’t
cross running water.”

   “ By Jove,” agreed Frail, “ I believe
you’re right at that, you know! It
was an idea of my mother’s. She’s
dreadfully superstitious — along with
other things.”

  He paused. He was looking curi-
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

35

ously at a dark-eyed workman who
happened to pass that way. The man
turned. Their eyes met.

  Frail turned to Miss Carstairs.

  “ It’s curious,” he said. “ When
that fellow looked at me just now I
felt as though the ghost were actually
there.”

CHAPTER XX.

“ A DARK YOUNG MAN.”

  Miss Carstairs had often seen the
old woman before, but had always
avoided her. Even the healthiest of
young persons bred in the open air
have just a thread of superstition.
And there was something about this
old woman that made her nervous.
She might have been a gipsy, only
there was more intellect in the swarthy
face and beady eyes than usual—some-
thing even of majesty in her decrepit
form.

   In spite of her desire to pass the old
woman by this time with nothing more
than a mere salutation, Miss Carstairs
paused. The old woman had looked
at her in a way that was both appeal
and command.

  “ You wish to ask me something? ”
Elin said.

  “ Not to ask, but to tell,” the old
woman answered with a strong for-
eign accent.

  “ What can you tell ? ” Miss Car-
stairs asked with the fearlessness of
innocence.

  “ Your future, beautiful princess,”
the old woman responded with un-
flinching eyes.

  Miss Carstairs colored slightly, then
smiled.

  “ I don’t believe in such things.”

  “ I am very old. I already see with
the eyes of my spirit, even as those
who are already dead.”

  As though to give physical proof of
this odd declaration, the old woman
continued to stare at the younger one
as though already she were delving
into that perfumed temple of dreams.

The unintentional poetry of what she
had just said appealed to Miss Car-,
stairs’s imagination.

   “ It is true that you are very old,”
she said. “ Wisdom does come with
age.

  “ And with youth, as well, daughter
mine.”

  “ I am not wise.”

  “ Yea, you’re wise—wise enough to
listen to the voice of age, even as you
have already listened to the voice of
God’s out of doors.”

  “ I have no money.”

  “ No more than I, no more than the
moon, my beautiful wood-pigeon. I
ask no money. I need none. There’ll
always be a coin to put between my
teeth for the Ferryman. And him we
cannot cheat.”

  The old woman had continued to
look into Miss Carstairs’s face with
unflinching interest.

  “ But lately,” she went on, “ there
have come into your life two young
men, both of them dark, both of them
of foreign strain. Tell me, is this not
true?”

  “ It is true—a great many people
have seen them about here.”

" “ But have not seen the inside of
your head, little baroness.”

  “ Have you? ”

  “ I see it now—how these two
young men have absorbed your
thought. No, do not blush—there is
nothing there to be ashamed of, noth-
ing that your mother in heaven could
not see and smile about. But your
blue eyes will shed many tears because
of them.”

  “ I don’t want to hear evil predic-
tions,” said Miss Carstairs.

  “ You listen to the voice of Fate,”
said the old woman steadily. “ It will
not be because of yourself that you
weep, but because of these two young
men. Can’t you already see that one
must die before the other two can
laugh? ”

  Miss Carstairs pressed her hand to
her heart.

   “ What you say is terrible.”
36

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Terrible and grand.”

  “ Which—which— ” the girl had
intended to ask the question lightly,
but she couldn’t quite get it out.

  “ Which—which ? It is always so.
Which will die and which will laugh—
the eternal question of the universe.
But I will answer it for you, my cyg-
net. He will first die who first kisses
you.”

  “ Then I’ll—I’ll kiss neither.”

  “ Are young men in the habit of
asking permission to kiss a rose-petal
cheek like yours? Listen, there’s yet
something else. It will be he to whom
you first give your love."

  “ I’ll give my love to neither,” said
Miss Carstairs, with a species of hor-
ror despite the manifest absurdity of
what was being said.

  But the old woman continued to
look at her unflinchingly, with no
smile to relieve her compelling seri-
ousness.

  “ Has the fear of death ever stopped
a girl from giving her love ? ” the old
woman asked.

  “ I’ll warn them,” said Elin with a
trembling lip.

  “ Yea, warn away the night.”

  For the first time the old woman
smiled, but it was a sort of uncanny,
supernatural smile.

  “ It is easy, indeed,” she added, as
though to explain- that smile of hers,
“ to see that you are innocent.”

  Again a quick wave of color over-
spread Miss Carstairs’s face.

  “ I must be going,” she said.

  “ To forget what I’ve told you ? ”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Nay, you’ll not forget,” the old
woman replied steadily. “ Both young
and old forget the past. Neither of
them ever forget the future.”

  These words still lingered in Miss
Carstairs’s brain as she drew near her
home. Reason as she could, she was
unable to overcome a queer feeling of
apprehension, a sense of having caught
a glimpse through the impenetrable
[veil.

  Once she paused and looked back,

half tempted to search out the old
woman again and question her further.
But what she deemed to be her better
sense—perhaps, after all, it was the
hand of Fate—got the better of her
momentary debate, and she kept on
down the woodland road toward her
home.

  The melancholy trees were so silent,
steeped in mystery as never before.

  She turned the last bend and saw a
motor-car standing in front of her
father’s gate.

  In it was the young Count Carlos
Turga.

CHAPTER XXI.

THE FALLEN ANGEL.

  As he saw her, he sent the car for-
ward in her direction. While he was
still at a distance she could see a light
in his eyes that she had glimpsed there
on the occasion of their conversation
in the sunken garden, that she had
seen afterward once or twice since
then when they had met.

  “What luck!” Turga was saying.
ft I drove out all the way from
New York to see you, if only for a
minute. I was so afraid that I was
going to have to go back unrewarded.”
He had brought the car to a halt,
had leaped to the road, had taken one
of her hands in his. She drew back
slightly, a wee bit frightened, the
words of the old woman still upper-
most in her mind.

  But her reticence merely increased
his fervor.

  “ Tell me that you’re not sorry,” he
pleaded, half seriously, half teasingly.
“ I’m not sorry, but—■ ”

  “Not but; just not sorry,” he in-
terrupted her. “ You don’t know how
much good you can do a fellow by
simply existing — something like the-
ozone, something like all this.”

  He waved his hand at the surround-
ing woods and smiled.

  Elin had never seen him look so
handsome. The impression made upon
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

37

her by the old woman was fading fast.
Her optimism was all but unshakable.
She reflected that there would be a full
hour before supper-time.

  “ You’ve been feeling blue,” she de-
duced.

  “ As a whetstone. Do you know,
it’s becoming quite a habit of mine—
when I’m away from you.”

  “ Sh! ” she chided.

  “It’s the truth. You know, you
told me yourself to be absolutely truth-
ful.”

  She colored prettily, glanced at him
from the corner of her eyes. She had
never seen his face so serious, so il-
lumined. Even his voice had in it a
thrill which had never been there be-
fore.

  “ What have you been doing? ” she
asked.

  “ The greatest of occupations—>
thinking of you.”

  “ I thought you promised me to look
for work — ‘ to catch a job/ as you
expressed it.”

  “ Preparation. I’ve been preparing
myself—getting a better outlook. If
I’d gone out looking for a job with-
out first saturating myself in your
heavenly influence I suppose I’d been
just a bartender, or a croupier, or
something like that. Now—now I
wouldn’t be satisfied with anything
lower than a—than a soda-fountain
clerk, or something like that.”

  “Will you always joke about it?”

  “ I’m not joking.” He laughed
shortly. “ I know it sounds like a
joke,” he went on seriously; “but I
am sort of making myself over with
your help.”

  “ I only wish I could help you! ”

  “ Help me! Great Lord! you are
helping me; neither you nor any one
will ever know how much.”

  By common consent they both en-
tered the machine, and Turga was
driving slowly along.

  As she looked at him with an ap-
preciative, modest smile, he reached
over and again nestled one of her hands
in his.

  “ You can’t imagine what a distaste
I’ve taken for tango teas and all that
sort of thing. I think, think, think,
like a good fellow. Listen; do you
know what I’ve decided to do ? ”

  His voice had become more serious
than ever. She slowly shook her head,
absorbed already in what he was going
to say.

  “ I’ve decided to shake my fist un-
der the nose of Fate, and if he gets
gay—”

  Miss Carstairs caught her breath
slightly.

  “ What do you know about Fate? ”
she asked, trying to make the question
sound light and indifferent.

  “ What do I know about Fate? ”

  A sudden silence fell, broken only
by the pebbly tread of the rubber tires
on the road, by the thousand fine,
small voices of the woods. The si-
lence had brought a resurgence of un-
definable alarm in Miss Carstairs’s
heart. There was something of this
in her face as she turned and asked
again very softly:

  “ What do you know about Fate? ”

  “ What do I know about Fate? ”

  For an interval he did not answer,
then the hand that held hers tightened
its hold. He was driving very slowly,
just creeping along.

  “ I’ve been thinking a whole lot
about Fate,” he said. “ I’ve become
quite an expert on the subject. And
I’ve come to the conclusion that there
is something in the world still
stronger.”

  “Faith?”

  “ Stronger than faith,” he an-
swered.

  “ What, then ? ” she whispered, then
bit her lip.

  She knew that there was only one
answer in the world that he could give
—had known it even before the ques-
tion sprang to her lips; yet she knew
that in her heart she had made no ef-
fort to keep it back.

  “ Love, Elin.”

  “ Don’t say that,” she murmured
with a tremulous lip.
38

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Why not ? ” he demanded fiercely.
  “ Oh, but perhaps it isn’t stronger.”
  “ But it is.”

  “ Not always. Think of all the
mothers who have loved their children
and yet were unable to fight off Fate
—oh, terrible Fate, just like a mad
tiger with green eyes, mouth open,
claws outspread! ”

  “ Just watch me poke him in the
slats,” laughed Turga, trying to get
her into a more cheerful mood.

  Then he noticed that there were
tears in her eyes. With a sudden ex-
clamation of pity, he lifted his hand
to her cheek. The touch of that warm,
infinitely soft skin sent an electric
thrill up his arm and through his en-
tire body.

  “ Elin,” he said in a faltering whis-
per, “ it is you whom I love. It’s my
love for you that’ll be too strong for
Fate. I love you—love you! ”

  The machine had purred to a stand-
still and stood tremulous—like a thing
alive and expectant.

  Turga leaned over and, before she
could suspect his intention, had kissed
her lightly on the cheek.

CHAPTER XXII.

EUN SEES A GHOST.

  For a moment or two the whole
universe stood still. It wouldn’t have
been very much different had some
catalytic force reduced the world to
primeval chaos. During that moment
Elin -Carstairs was dumb, stricken.
She was guilty. She was a murderess.

  Then her woman’s nature asserted
itself. Tears sprang to her eyes. The
hot blood rushed to her cheek. She
turned to the man at her side with
tragic pity in her face and voice.

  “Oh, Carlos! Oh, Carlos!”

  She could say no more.

  He also for a moment had remained
thunderstruck. He had had a fleeting
impression that he had mortally of-
fended her. He had had much experi-
ence with girls of one kind and an-

other, but never, he reflected with all
the speed of thought—never, with one
like this. But, as she turned her face
to his, as he saw the expression there,
he felt a mighty surge of chivalry, of
adoration even. He had really felt
that he loved her before, but it hadn’t
been like this.

  “ Elin! ” he whispered. “ My
Elin!”

  For another eternal moment they
looked into each other’s eyes — hers
blue, seraphic; his earthborn, glowing.

  “ Oh, Carlos,” she repeated as she
sought to explain. “ I am so fright-
ened ! ”

  Her words, so simple, so girlish,
broke the spell. He laughed, leaned
forward slightly as though he would
have cured her fear by repeating the
cause of it. She drew back.

 “ Don’t! ” she warned, in a
whisper.

 “Why not?”

  “ It frightens me.”

  “ Nothing can happen to you—
not,” he added, “ except over my dead
body.”

  “ Don’t say that,” she panted.

  She smote her breast with a white
fist, controlled herself with an effort.

  “ What’s the matter, Elin ? ”

  Elin smiled through her tears.

  “ I know that I'm foolish,” she said,
“but I wouldn’t have had you do that
for the world.”

 “Do what?”

  She looked at him and shook her
head.

  “ Say it.”

  “ Kiss me,” she faltered.

  Turga laughed.

  “ Why, Elin, wouldn’t you want to
see me made a knight, a superman, a
greater than king or President or
Czar? That is what I have become.
That is what you have done for me.”

  Again she murmured: “ Oh, Car-
los!”

  “ Listen, Elin,” he went on; “ some
foolish people thought that they could
do with me as they would, thought
that they could get me mixed up in
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

39

some old curse of theirs, thought they
could put over on me some jinx about
Fate—”

  His voice had become softer than
ever, soothing, pleading. Elin had be-
gun to cry gently, like a sorrowing
child, hiding her eyes with a tiny
handkerchief.

  “ —and I thought it was so until
you came into my life. Then I knew
that there was something else.

  “ It always has been that way,” he
went on, as though arguing as much to
convince himself as he was to convince
her. “ There always have been two
forces in the world—good and evil.
Every religion, every philosophy, con-
cedes that this is so. And they all con-
cede that the good is stronger than
the bad.

  “ Oh, Elin honey, can’t you see what
you mean to me — what you always
will mean to me? You are the good,
the good! I’ve had so little of it in
my life. I’ve been hoodooed. I’ve
never had any love. They tried to
damn me—money and nothing to do,
nothing to love but myself. I’m sick
of it! You’ve shown me a new world.
You’ve created me a new Eden.
You’ve give me religion. You’ve given
me deity! ”

  He paused, overcome with emotion.
His face was very pale. Into his eyes
had come all the fervor of an adept at
prayer.

  Miss Carstairs had taken her hand-
kerchief from her eyes, a wet, little
ball of linen, no larger than her dim-
pled thumb. At first she had listened
to Turga with the ineffable sweetness
of a girl who listens with a responsive
heart to the voice of her first lover.
Again her fears faded, her native
qualities of hope and courage and
cheerfulness rising triumphant, when
she caught sight of a face beyond the
hedge.

  It was as though she had seen a
ghost.

  She was still peering in the direc-
tion of that haunting vision as Turga
finished speaking. Only gradually he

took note of her changed expression.
He had been talking to her spiritual
presence, not to the physical Elin Car-
stairs, in that period of transport.

  What he-saw baffled him at first;
gradually brought him back to earth
with a growing sense of wonder and
pain.

  Was it possible that she hadn’t even
been listening to him? It was incred-
ible. For several seconds he remained
silent, staring at her.

  “ Elin ” — his voice was changed,
hoarse, curiously dead—“ what is it—*
what has come over you — what did
you see ? ”

  “ Take me home,” she said with a
pitiful little smile.

  “ What did you see ? ” he repeated.

  As is the case with most sensitive
natures, his pain was easily translata-
ble into anger.

  “ Oh, is it possible,” cried Miss Car-
stairs, “ that I should bring pain to
those I have just learned to love? ”

  “ To those ? ”

  The question had about it the es-
sence of accusation.

  “ Oh, Carlos, can’t you under-
stand ? ”

  “ Great God, Elin, what am I to un-
derstand? I throw my bleeding heart
at your feet, and you stare off into the
bushes at some bird or other! ”

  “ Don’t—don’t speak like that,”
Miss Carstairs pleaded softly. There
was no anger in her face, only pain
and fear.

  “ I ask you what’s the matter ? ”
Turga said. “Are you promised to
another? Is it back to—back to the
inferno for me? ”

  “Not promised!” cried Miss Car-
stairs in a small, strained voice. “ Not
promised to any one, dear Carlos.
But just now I saw—oh, I’m so
frightened! Oh, everything is going
wrong; I didn’t want to say.”

  “ Saw what? ”

  “ Saw Hugh Frail — and his face
looked—”

  Something mightier than any will
of his sent the blood pounding into
40

ALL-STORY 'WEEKLY.

Turga’s head. He affected a laugh as
he set the machine in motion and be-
gan to negotiate a turn. But the laugh
sounded, somehow, terrible and sick-
ening even to himself.

  Miss Carstairs completed her sen-
tence in a frightened whisper, “—like
a ghost.”

  Turga was like a dead man, an au-
tomaton, a thing without sensation.
His visions had faded. He felt that
his hands were cold. The light had
gone out of the landscape.

  It was as though he saw through a
black veil. And he was only dimly
conscious of the ride back to the Car-
stairs gate, of his perfunctory leave-
taking, of the long, cheerless, spectral
drive to town.

CHAPTER XXIII.

ONE WAY TO KILL TIME.

  Like a good many other persons
with plenty of money and nothing to
do, Agatha Frail was keen for any
sort of a suggestion that promised to
kill a few bothersome hours in a pleas-
ant fashion. Society, as she under-
stood it, was organized to this end.

  For what other purpose were books
written, music composed, theaters
built, and games invented? To what
other end, indeed, were charities,
gilds, settlements, and other things
like that organized? Plainly not for
the sake of the uninteresting creatures
they were supposed to help.

  It was this view of things, rather
than any innate love of her fellow
men, that had moved her to accept
membership in a certain society for
the protection of Bohemian immi-
grants.

  But she had passed a good deal of
her young life in Bohemia. On the
whole, she preferred Czechs to other
nationalities, and her purse was no
more limited than her time.

  She confessed to herself that a com-
bination of'these motives had inspired
her sudden and unrestrained interest

in the young Count Turga. He had
promised well, both as a time-killer
and a Czech.

  But Turga had dropped out of sight
—a fortnight or so, a terribly long
time according to her system of reck-
oning. She wondered if it were pos-
sible that he had become interested in
Elin Carstairs. Agatha was not of the
kind that mourn. She shrugged her
young shoulders and piously decided
on charity again.

  The particular group of young
women with whom she was associated
had arranged an excursion to Ellis Is-
land. It was an annual affair, destined,
no doubt, to accomplish a world of
good. The excursion happened to fall
on a day when there was an unsually
large influx of Bohemians through
New York’s water-gate. The young
women were delighted.

  They saw many interesting things.
Two or three hours were slain, not
without profit to numerous immigrant
children. And for most of the mem-
bers of the party it was thus that the
day became a memory.

  But for Agatha Frail the day was
not to end there. Her sympathy had
been elicited from the first by a certain
immigrant girl with yellow hair, a
Turkey-red shirt-waist, and a face of
such broad candor as to make her look
like nothing so much as a six - foot
child.

  She spoke the Bohemian dialect of
the peasants in the neighborhood of
Schloss Frelinghuysen. When Agatha
addressed her in this dialect the inno-
cent giantess was instantly for falling
on her knees.

  “ What is your name ? ” asked Aga-
tha.

  “ Maria Duba, excellency.”

  “ And how long have you been
here? ”

  “ Three days already, excellency.”

  “ Where are your friends ? ”

  “ I have none, highness.”

  “ And relatives ? ”

  “ I have only a father, well born.”

  “ And where is he ? ”
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

41

  Maria, from a pocket in her capa-
ciously plaited skirt, drew out a pieec
of paper with a name and address
printed on it. It seemed that the offi-
cials had already sent several inquiries
to the place mentioned, but had been
unable up to the present to get a satis-
factory answer.

  The first thing that attracted Aga-
tha’s attention was the number and
avenue — an address she recognized.
It was the home of Count Turga.
Then she read the name. That, also,
she recognized.

  It was that of Paulo Duba, Turga’s
former servant.

  Maria, regarding any one who could
speak her native dialect as a bright
messenger sent from heaven, especi-
ally when this person was a beautiful
young woman, had opened the vials
of her pent-up emotion, was reciting
the litany of her past.

  Her father had been so many years
in America. Recently her mother had
died. Almost every one else whom
she knew was coming to America.
She was young, strong as an ox, am-
bitious as an archduchess, and so she
had followed suit.

  “ I’ll help you,” said Agatha.

  A young inspector, whose duties
elsewhere had been unable to get him
beyond ear-shot, was at her side in an
instant.

  “ Isn’t there some way,” she asked,
“ in which I can stand sponsor for this
girl, take her under my protection—
oh, anything to give her a good
start ? ”

  The inspector was sure of it.. They
were still discussing what was best un-
der the circumstances when another in-
spector called the girl’s name in a rau-
cous voice from the other side of an
iron1 grille—the Ellis Island equivalent
for being paged.

  “ Some one calling for her now,”
said the inspector. “ Her father, per-
haps.”

  It was very exciting. Agatha Erail
felt almost as though it was she who.
was held prisoner on the island, that

her name had been called by a voice
from the vast, mysterious continent
beyond the grille.

  They all went forward together—•
she and the inspector and Maria Duba.
And it was Maria who looked through
the grille at the waiting visitor with
placid indifference. It was the other
girl who uttered a little cry of pleased
recognition.

  Count Turga, still hopeful of dis-
covering the whereabouts of Paulo,
had heard with the utmost interest
about the inquiry which had come up
from Ellis Island. From his abundant
leisure he had taken sufficient time to
look into the matter himself.

CHAPTER XXIV.

the amateur detective..

. Ah ! that golden age when two
young people look at each other, and
not only demand the impossible, but
promise it with equal facility! The
excitement of it, the inspiration! Both
of them felt it—both Agatha Frail and
Carlos Turga, as they stood there on
the lower sea-wall of New York with
Maria Duba standing complacently at
their side.

  Their conversation had quickened,
had taken on the additional thrill of
speed. For already a group of loi-
terers were standing near, the nucleus
of a crowd.

  Not even in the neighborhood of the
barge office do they see every day two
distinguished young people with a
blond giantess in tow.

  “ It’s the first time that I’ve ever
asked you anything,” said Agatha,
with sparkling eyes.

  They had patched up a truce coming
across on the Ellis Island ferry. At
first Agatha was not going to forgive
him—no, never—for keeping out o$
sight so long after he had—he had—
well, it wasn’t necessary to say what.
They both remembered well enough.

  “ But I tell you I’ve been looking
for Paulo myself for the past month,”
42

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

said Turga. “ There isn’t anybody in
New York that I’ve wanted so much
to see. That is, except—”

  He flashed a dark-eyed smile upon
Agatha.

  She also smiled, but was insistent.

“ I tell you,” she declared firmly,
“ that I’ve told this girl that we’d find
her father for her. I don’t care how
you do it, but you must do it Now! ”
“ But, Agatha—”

  “ Don’t make excuses.”

  Her eyes were sparkling—just a
suggestion of the volcanic fire which
always glowed very near the surface,
anyway, beneath that gray ash. A
heightened color had crept up above
her cheeks and just below the temples,
making her very picturesque, very
adorable, a trifle dangerous.

  “By gad, Agatha!” cried Turga
softly, “ when you look like that I’d
promise you the moon—promise it to
you and get it.”

  “ You’ll do it—”

  “ And you’ll meet me—”

  “ Anywhere you say.”

  “ Stay home and wait for a tele-
phone call. It may be late.”

  “ I don’t give a—a d-a-rn! ” said
Agatha, the volcanic fire glowing in
earnest.

  “ And the girl?”

  “ I’ll have her with me. I love her
<—* has the strength of Gibraltar! ’ ”
“Me too?”

  “ Yes, if—”

  Even while he was talking Turga
had already begun to formulate a plan.
It was something that he would never
have thought of without the knout of
Agatha Frail’s inspiration. Before
the taxi conveying the rich girl and
the immigrant was out of sight, Turga
entered the subway. Before an hour
had passed he was driving his own car
at reckless speed over the familiar road
to Cherry Hills.

  He feared as much. It was past
one o’clock before he reached his des-
tination. Through the still air he
could hear the busy tapping of the
steam-drills, the cough and strain of

the steam-shovel again at work, after
the noon recess.

   He had left his machine in a little
grove off to one side of an unfre-
quented road running back of the
Cherry Hills estate. He had carefully
avoided any chance of meeting either
Hugh Frail or Elin Carstairs. A sedi-
ment of bitterness still clogged his
heart with regard to them, but his pres-
ent quest absorbed him pretty much to
the exclusion of everything else.

   It was already yielding excitement.
It promised more. Nor was he dis-
appointed.

   He had taken up his position where
he could watch the men who were at
work on the new lake. Heavily loaded
wagons came and went with no great
supervision. One stranger more or
less about the place attracted no par-
ticular attention.

   At last he made out the man he was
looking for—the dark-eyed workman
who had looked at him so strangely
that day he stood in the sunken garden
with Elin Carstairs. He watched this
man with the passionate scrutiny of an
Apache stalking a ranchman.

  His opportunity came when the man
started over a knoll to the temporary
shelter where the contractor had stored
his dynamite. Turga lost no time. He
hailed him in the language of the
Cechs.

  “ I have a question to ask,” said
Turga.

  The man had recognized him, had
smiled slightly, had started on as
though he intended to pay no atten-
tion.

   “ I have a question to ask,” Turga
repeated, placing himself in front of
his quarry.

   There was that about both his voice
and his manner that brought the other
up short. He glanced about him.
They were quite alone.

   “ I can answer no questions,” said
the man.

  “ You’ll answer this one,” Turga
answered. “ You’ll tell me, my friend,
what has become of Paulo Duba.”
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

43

  The man uttered a half-hearted
denial, but his whole demeanor showed
that he was lying.

  Turga’s long wait had not improved
his disposition. He felt within him-
self a resurgence of fighting independ-
ence. In a way, the man in front of
him personified the crushing weight of
the destiny that had been oppressing
him ever since that memorable night
when Paulo had disappeared.

  “ Listen,” he said softly. “ We’re
brothers, aren’t we—grandsons of the
same grandmother?”

  “ Yes, brothers,” said the man, re-r
coiling slightly.

  “ Cain and Abel,” laughed Turga.

  The man had started to run, but be-
fore he had taken half a dozen steps
Turga had seized him by the throat
and twisted him round.

  There was a guttural curse, a sound
of heavy breathing, of straining
muscles.

  There fell a momentary silence
through which there rushed a sparkling
shower of lesser sounds—the twitter
of birds, the distant tapping of the
steam-drills, the far voices of men at
work.

  Turga released his hold somewhat.
He hadn’t escaped altogether un-
scathed. He had an unmistakable pre-
monition that one of his eyes was
going shut.

  There was a hot streak down the
side of his face. He was perspiring.
But his heart was exultant with a
sense of triumph.

  The man sucked in the air with the
strident gasp of a vacuum-pump.

  “ Mercy, my prince,” he gurgled,
“ and I’ll tell you! ”

CHAPTER XXV.

OUT OF THE DEPTHS.

  If Turga had been as good as his
word, so^also had been Agatha Frail.
She had worn herself to a frazzle an-
swering telephone-calls all day, had
thrice repulsed the assiduous Frederic

Graw, 3rd, had broken, at least, two
previous engagements, and declined
other suggestions and invitations as
quickly as they arrived. She hadn’t
passed such a delightful day for a long
time—an intermittent flutter of ex-
citement with periods of stimulating
intercourse with Maria Duba between.

  Not since she had become the pro-
prietor of a St. Bernard dog, years
ago, in her childhood, had she had
such a diverting plaything. Maria dis-
played about the same degree of
prompt and fathomless devotion.

  Again Maria saw the wonderful
young lady consult the still more won-
derful instrument in the alcove at the
head of the stairs; this time saw her
give unquestionable symptoms of re-
newed excitement and delight. Miss
Frail had hugged the instrument to
her heart, had twisted her silken an-
kles together in a sort of ecstasy, then,
to Maria’s delight, had dropped into
the language which she could under-
stand.

  “ You’re a dear,” “ You’re a won-
der,” “ You won’t do any such thing,”
“ Well, perhaps; just once ” — these
were the English equivalents of some
of the things that Maria heard.

  Mrs. Frail took only an indifferent
interest in Agatha’s activities. She
belonged to the race of women in
whom the maternal instinct is not par-
ticularly strong, however many chil-
dren might come their way. Agatha
pleaded further activity on behalf of
the immigrant society, and was free.

  Maria, in raiment more subdued—
and with the first hat that she ever
owned enhancing her bucolic beauty—
but with spirits even gayer than her
discarded Turkey-red shirt-waist, was
already waiting in the limousine as
Agatha came out.

  The chauffeur had a grin on his
face. He knew a few words of Bo-
hemian—the first words which young
unmarried people generally acquire
first of all when acquiring a new lan-
guage.

  America was surely a mighty fine
44

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

place, thought Maria, where even the
gentlemen drivers were so pleasant.

  They picked up Turga at a point on
the East Drive of Central Park. He
had done his best to improve his ap-
pearance, but he still bore about him
unquestionable signs of battle.

  “ For you,” he whispered in ex-
planation as he entered the limousine,
then checked himself and looked at
Maria. He had spoken in Bohemian.

  “ Don’t mind her,” said Agatha
without premeditation.

  Turga didn’t.

  The automobile passed over to the
east side of the city. It was the hour
when the ten thousand shops and fac-
tories in the neighborhood of Four-
teenth Street were emptying them-
selves of the industrial army which
every morning marches up the hill and
every evening marches down again.

  “ Let’s walk—let’s join the parade,”
said Agatha.

  “ I’m on,” said Turga. “ The place
is not very far anyway.”

  A minute later they had left the car
and joined the moving throng on the
sidewalk. To any one habituated to the
quieter, emptier streets up-town, it
seemed incredible that so many people
should be out on no other mission than
that of their daily bread. No spectacle
had brought them there. These were
not the melting audience of a crowded
matinee.

  Nine, ten hours of grinding toil, and
yet how lightly they swung along!

  Turga, Agatha, even the untempera-
mental Maria, felt the thrill of it. They
were carried along by a human cable
as wide as the wide sidewalk and
charged with Heaven knows how many
volts of human electricity.

  Agatha was storing up a new im-
pression which she was to draw upon
in later years. She thought, with
something akin to shame, of her dreary
days of ennui—of nothing to do.

  The majority of the moving swarm
in which she found herself were girls
—girls of her own age and even
younger. For another day they had

fought the old dragon of want, had
won, were going back to their many-
storied brick and plaster camps with
the victory apparent in eye and lip and
bearing.

  It was almost as though pennants
were flying and bands playing—invisi-
ble pennants, inaudible music, but
there all the same.

  “ And what do they care about
curses,1’ Turga asked himself, “so
long as they’ve got work? Work—a
job! Just plain, ordinary, every-day
labor! That’s the thing which is
stronger than fate, stronger than all
the powers of hell. Not faith, not
love—balderdash—but work! ”

  They passed down Second Avenue,
then over through Ninth Street, still
carried along in that eternal stream of
girls and young men, principally girls.
The stream branched at the corner of
Tompkins Square—half of it running
diagonally off through the square, like
a real stream through a bit of wood-
land It was this division that Turga
followed with Agatha and the patient
Maria — the latter perfectly at ease,
patfent, unquestioning.

  After all, the experience which she
was undergoing had nothing very sur-
prising about it. One could expect
anything in America. As for the pal-
ace in which she had spent the major
portion of the afternoon, it was quite
conceivable that before very many
years she would have a place like that
of her own. In America, as she knew
full well, such things were always
happening.

  Beyond the square they came to an-
other avenue, quaint, foreign, old-
fashioned. There was that about it
which suggested the streets of Prague
itself.

  They had entered another cross
street a little farther on, and Turga
was looking for a certain number,
when behind him he heard a cry of
affectionate delight—so full.of heart
it was almost a sob.

  He and Agatha had left Maria a
few steps behind them. They both
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

45

turned. They saw the blond giantess
stooping slightly, peering through a
sidewalk hedge of privet-bushes into a
basement restaurant.

  “ Father! My father! ”

  Up from the depths from behind
the screening hedge there rushed an
old man.

  It was Paulo.

CHAPTER XXVI.

OLD WINES, NEW JOYS.

  Ordinarily, it would have been a
dismal enough place—low ceiling,
sanded floor, bare tables, a few time-
stained chromos on the walls, an all-
pervading redolence of exotic cookery
and liquors. But it had been touched
by the magician’s wand. Had it been
an alabaster hall hung with master-
pieces and perfumed with frankincense
and myrrh, it would have been the
same.

  For an elated moment or two fa-
ther and daughter were so absorbed in
each other that they had no attention
for any one else.

  Then Paulo saw Turga. He tore
himself loose from the powerful em-
brace of the blond giantess. Dazed
wonder, almost fear, mingled with the
joy that was shining in his face.

  “You, sir!” he gasped. “Why—■’•’
Turga had stepped forward, was
wringing the old man’s hand.

  “ Where have you been keeping
yourself?” he asked.

  “ Here, sir; ever since—”

  “ But why didn’t you tell me where
you were? I’ve been looking every-
where for you. I’ve been worried
about you.”

  “ That was so good of you, sir! ”

  “ But why didn’t you tell me ? ”

  “ I dared not.” The answer was
given in a frightened whisper.

  “ Do you mean to say—”

  “ She ordered, sir.”

  “ That old woman? ’’

  Paulo nodded his head.

  Miss Frail had stepped forward.

  “ Let Paulo and Maria enjoy each
other for a moment, at least. What
are you two talking about ? ”

  Paulo smiled at the young woman
and saluted respectfully.

  “ Paulo,” said Turga, “ do as she
says. Miss Frail and I have enough
to keep us busy for a while.”

  “ Miss Frail, sir? ”

  This time the old man couldn’t con-
ceal the consternation in his face.

  “ Cheer up,” Turga whispered.
“ We’ll break all this curse business,
old man.”

  Paulo was wearing the black jacket
and white apron of a waiter. Sure
enough, he had been employed—was
still employed—in the little restaurant
where they found themselves.

  “ We’ll stay here for dinner,” Miss
Frail cried delightedly.

  “ What-ho,” Turga agreed. “ Aga-
tha, you’re a brick.”

  They took advantage of the fact
that Paulo and his offspring were
again immersed in family endear-
ments and news from home, and that
the restaurant was otherwise deserted,
to execute a certain threat and prom-
ise delivered not so very long before
over the phone.

  “ And I’ll do it again,” said Turga.
“ So will I,” laughed Agatha, en-
joying the excitement.

  A comely matron, with sparkling
eyes and an ample bosom, appeared in
the shadowy door at the back of the
restaurant.

  “ Mme. Zidek!”

  Paulo introduced them, spoke a few
words rapidly. When Mme. Zidek
again appeared she bore a very dusty
bottle on a tray with a number of
glasses.

  “ The wine of my country,” she
smiled, embracing the company in the
breadth and warmth of it.

  Skilfully she pulled the cork from
the bottle’s dusty nozzle, and there
floated throughout the room an au-
tumnal perfume of ripe grapes, of
warm fields, of balsamic mountain-
sides. The wine ran thick and golden
46

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

into the sparkling glasses—a topaz
necklace worthy of an empress.

 Mme. Zidek passed the gems
around, and, standing, they drank
Maria’s safe arrival.

  The bouquet had presaged the qual-
ity of the wine. By its subtle alchemy
it had suffused and transformed the
social atmosphere of the place a good
deal, as it had already beatified the
physical atmosphere when the cork was
pulled. There were no rich and no
poor, no mere proprietress and waiter
-—bothers and sisters all.

  Somehow or other, the evening
deepened into night. There were not
many customers and, so far as Turga
was concerned—and so far as the oth-
ers were concerned, perhaps — they
came and went like shadows, mere
fantoms of dark-eyed men, who came
and ate and drank and smoked, then
went away again.

  Other bottles of captured sunshine
from the Erz and Piesen foot-hills
came and went, each leaving behind it
something more of wealth and warmth
—like fairy porters.

  At last, of all the strangers who
had been there, only one remained—a
very old, somewhat distorted musician
with a cunning and jovial face. He
carried a hurdy-gurdy-—one of those
strange, old instruments in which a
revolving wheel takes the place of the
fiddler’s bow.

  The magic which he sent up from
this was similar to the magic distilled
from Mme. Zidek’s wine—it was so
filled with the same haunting sug-
gestiveness of far, beautiful places; of
charms and gaieties ripened through
the ages; the very essence of these
things.

  The musician had also drunk of the
wine. He had lingered there at their
invitation. Then gradually there had
come over his cunning and jovial face
a veil of dreaminess.

  The wheel of the hurdy-gurdy
turned. The musician’s fingers danced
deftly on the keys. There whirled
lightly up a wreath of elfin music.

  “Bravo!” they cried.

  Before the entire company—if the
company cared to see—Turga leaned
forward. So did Agatha. Their lips
met.

CHAPTER XXVII.

PAULO becomes a rebel.

  By imperceptible degrees the noises
from the street outside had ceased.
So far as the little party in the res-
taurant was concerned, the city of New
York had ceased to be.

  With all its millions of men and
women—each one of whom was the
center of an individual universe, with
its individual set of hopes and fears,
of loves and hatreds—it had disap-
peared into the gauzy nothingness of a
little wine, of a little music.

  “ Perhaps the curse isn’t so, sir.”
Paulo had brought his chair closer
to Turga’s. They were no longer mas-
ter and servant. Surface convention
had disappeared, laying bare the gran-
ite of their long companionship and
mutual trust.

  “ But you deserted me, Paulo.”

  “ I had to. I would have stuck, sir,
even had it meant the death of me.
But I couldn’t—I couldn’t. No man,
not even a father, can make things
go the way he wants them to.”

  “ What is it,” asked Miss Frail, with
her face close to theirs—“ what it is
you two are always talking about? ”

  “ Does she know ? ” asked Paulo.
Turga shook his head, with his eyes
on Agatha’s.

  “ What is it?—I want to know.”
On Agatha’s face was the spell of
curiosity—such an expression as might
have been on the face of Bluebeard’s
last wife as she peered through the door
of the forbidden chamber.

  “ Have you ever heard of the Fre-
linghuysen curse ? ” asked Turga.

  “ Yes.”

  “ Do you believe in it ? ”

  “ Yes.”

Agatha’s face was glowing. She
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

47

was quivering with excitement. All
the Slav in her nature was on top.

  There fell a little lull. There came
the soft voices of Maria and Mme.
Zidek chatting happily together of far
Bohemia. The elfin music of the old
musician breezed in upon them—un-
real, exotic. Now and then he qua-
vered into a fragment of song, a mere
shred of melody—a tattered rag of a
voice, but still colorful.

  “ Well, don’t,” Turga answered with
a fitful smile. “ We’ll break it. We’ll
show that there is no such thing.”

  “ Oh, can you, sir ? ” sighed Paulo.
“ I have been wishing so that such a
thing might be. But I was all alone.
I was afraid. I even tried, sir, to go
to see you, to get word to you. I could
not. It was as though something
gripped me, fastened me tight to the
road I have followed since.”

  He paused, struck the table with his
open palm. Into his face there came
an expression of recollection, of new
hope.

  “ It will be different, now that Maria
has come. What better sign could we.
have that she is here to break the curse
than that you, miss, and she should
have thus met; that through you she
should have found her father? My
old mother, back in the Piesen Gebirge,
used to tell me that there is only one
way to fight the devil, and that is with
kind acts. This you have done.”
Again there fell a little lull. Once
more the soft voices of Maria and
Mme. Zidek came murmuring into
audible prominence. Then once more
the incessant, cadenced music of the
old hurdy - gurdy player rippled in—a
rising tide on a pebbly beach.

  They heard his quavering voice—a
mere echo of a voice—lilt brokenly
the phrase of a song. To Turga there
was something familiar about it. Per-
haps this was true also in the case of
Paulo. Both of them turned and
looked in the musician’s direction.

  Oblivious, apparently, of everything
except the fancies which he was spin-
ning out of himself into his spider^

  web music, the old man sat with his
chin down, his eyes half closed, his
left hand busy with the small curved
crank of his instrument, his right deft-
ly manipulating the keys.

  “ And what also gives me hope,”
Paulo resumed, “ is that my life other-
wise has not been disagreeable. Ah,
she’s a rare, fine woman, is Mme.
Zidek.”

  Two tears—they seemed to be more
shrunken and withered than the tears
of a younger person might have been
—glistened onto the rim of Paulo’s
eyes.

  “ Do you love her ? ” asked Agatha
Frail, with spontaneous sympathy.

  “ I might very well do so,” Paulo
confessed.

  “ She’d make a wonderful mother
for that girl of yours,” said Turga.
“ Look at them now.”

  “ Ah, no,” said Paulo, disconsolate-
ly shaking his head. “ What you say
is true. But she is the proprietor of
all this.”

  He waved his hand at the restau-
rant.

  “ And she has a wonderful cellar
—a wonderful cellar. I am poor.”

  Agatha Frail was a gambler at heart.
All this was a new game—one of the
most interesting she had ever played.
She reached out her pretty, delicate
jeweled hand and let it rest on Paulo’s.

  “ You’re not poor,” she whispered.

  He caught her meaning. A tinge
of color crept into his pallid face.

  “ You are generous,” he said. His
voice showed that he was touched.
“ As generous as you are beautiful,”
he went on, “ but such a thing is im-
possible.”

  “ It is not impossible,” Agatha cried
—vehement enough, though she kept
her voice low. “You said, just now,
that there was only one way to fight
the devil. Give me the chance. I
know all about the Frelinghuysen
curse. I’m saturated with it.

  “ All my life I have heard but little
else. I believe in it. I feel it. I know
that it involves not only us, but others*
48

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

From what you have just said, you are
one of these. And you, Carlos. Lis-
ten, we’ll band together. We’ll cast
off this thing.”

  Her eyes had gone preternaturally
bright.

  There came another one of those
lulls. The elfin, echolike music of the
hurdy-gurdy zimmed and cadenced up
and filled the room, and floating on
the surface of it—like a chip on a
moonlit river — was the voice of the
player himself.

  Once more Turga had that recur-
rent, insistent impression of having
heard both words and music before.
It was that way with Paulo.

  They both turned slightly, listening,
intent, their eyes meeting, shifting to
the glorified face of Agatha Frail,
then back again.

  Then they recognized it—words and
music:

  —" And he builded his castles of blood
      and gold,

  Blood of our youth, the gold of our
      clan,

  But this is the end of the fated span—”

CHAPTER XXVIII.

EUN WRITES A NOTE.

  For the first time in her young life
Elin Carstairs had some slight doubt
as to the positive goodness of the
world and everything in it. She had
never found very much difficulty in
maintaining this cheerful view-point
before.

  But ever since that day that the old
woman had told her fortune—fol-
lowed so uncannily by her memorable
and never to be forgotten interview
with Count Carlos Turga—she had
found it exceedingly difficult to har-
monize things 'as they were with things
as they ought to be.

  Most of all she clung to the impres-
sion that Count Turga loved her. It
gave her a maternal interest in him,
made her sympathize with his unhappi-
ness.

  Ah, Elin—and to think that only a
month or so before you were strong
in the faith that all unhappiness was
fiction, was wrong, was immoral even!

  Day after day she calmed her un-
usual anxiety with the promise that he
would come. He came not.

  Half guiltily she sought to renew
her pleasant friendship with Hugh
Frail—walked over to the Frail es-
tate, as she had done on Qther days,
trying to convince herself that she
wasn’t bold in doing so, that it was the
natural thing for her to do, that in no
wise could it be construed as a lack of
faithfulness on her part so far as Car-
los Turga was concerned.

  One day she saw Frail. Not only
saw him, but she was almost certain
that he had seen her as well.

  It was near the new lake. He had
been standing there watching the work-
men. With a little resurgence of
friendliness and happiness she had
started in his direction.

  Something in his attitude had smit-
ten her innocent heart like an accusa-
tion. It was almost as though she
had divined his thoughts—that he felt
she had deserted him. And there he
was—standing there so lonely and dis-
consolate, in spite of his wealth and
this abundant activity around him
which his wealth could command. He
was looking at this lake, monument
that it was to the family superstition,
to the family tragedies—past, present,
and to come.

  She started toward him, she had
seen him turn and glance in her di-
rection, then he had sauntered away.
She changed her direction, walked on
and on, outwardly smiling, with a
stricken heart within.

  Something had happened to her uni-
verse, she could not tell herself just
what.

  Dr. Carstairs noticed the change that
had come over his daughter. Through-
out the years of his widowerhood he
had been preparing himself for some
such situation as this. He had been
telling himself all along that the time
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

49

would come when his daughter would
~5e~lost to 'him to some extent—when
she would respond to the stronger
claim of another, younger man. But
it found him all unprepared.

  They had always been the best of
comrades. He did not hesitate to ques-
tion her—only it was in a shy and deli-
cate way.

  “ A hard life,” he murmured with
a sympathetic smile one evening when
Elin was pouring his tea with more
than ordinarily grave face.

   She looked up quickly, guiltily, a bit
frightened at the discovery that her
preoccupation had been found out.

  “ Do fortune-tellers ever stumble
onto the truth ? ” she asked irrele-
vantly.

  “ Very likely,’’ he answered indul-
gently. His rather broad and florid
face was almost indulgent when he
talked to Elin. “ They often stumble
on the truth, no doubt; but they can
never change it.”

  “ What—the future?”

  “ The future—the truth. I mean
that it doesn’t make any difference
whether your fortune-teller is a good
guesser or a bad; there is never any-
thing to worry about.”

   “ But this is different.”

  “ In that it concerns you and—”

   “ Yes, tell me.”

  “ You and a young man.”

  “ I’m Dr. Watson” she commented,
with a flash of her old sprightliness.

  “ It doesn’t take a Sherlock Holmes
for this. One young man and one
young woman — fortune-tellers have
dwelt upon that since the world began.”
“ There were two young men,” Elin
amended, then bit her lip.

   Dr. Carstairs laughed gently.

, “ One or two—or three. But two
in the present.case. Do you want me
to tell you their names
“ You know them.”

  “And the fortune-teller, too. I’ve
often met her on my walks. She
seems to be particularly thick with
some of those foreign workmen young
Erail has working on that lake of his.”

    4 S

   “ Does she look evil to you ? ”

  “ Not evil—just sort of wondrous
wise. She looks as though she might
have almost completed the circle—got
back to the perfect omniscience of, let
us say, the new-born infant — along
with the other things that she has
picked up on the way.”

  “ Then she might be a fortune-
'teller?”

  “ She might be a corking good
guesser, if that’s what you mean.”

   “ She predicted a terrible thing.”
With fragments pieced together—
as our grandmothers, then young,
used to make their “ crazy-quilts ”—>
she managed to get out a pretty fair
account of what the old woman had
told her, of what had happened since
then. To all of which Dr. Carstairs
listened with affectionate interest.

  “ Lots of things in the world that
we can’t understand, honey,” he said
later on, as he kissed her good night.
“ Lots of things. But you know our
old rule—the best rule that was ever
framed — just not to worry, just to
meet every situation with old-fash-
ioned good sense and honesty, to take
everything that comes as all in a day’s
work.”

  It were sacrilege to penetrate the
chaste, immaculate fragrance of Elin
Carstairs’s bedroom. But there she
had her writing-desk. As she looked
at it when she was alone her father’s
words came back to her about meeting
each situation that came up with old-
fashioned honesty.

  Impulsively, she sat down and be-
gan to write a note to Turga.

  She wrote and wrote, with heaven
in her face, a mingling of love, both
human and divine, in her blue eyes,
and with a tenderness ineffable on her
pink lips.

  She signed it with a rushing pen,
then sat immersed in sudden reverie.

  Across her thought had swept a
vision of Hugh Frail as she had seen
him standing beside the unfinished
lake—that -monument to family super-
stition, grief, and tragedy.
50

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The night had gone very still. It
must have been almost midnight.
Then the silence was broken by the
distant, monrnful howling of a de-
jected dog.

  Miss Carstairs tiptoed to the win-
dow and looked out. A gibbous moon
was coasting down thin clouds behind
the bare branches of the trees. The
moon, the year, the Frails were
waning.

  Elin Carstairs picked up the letter
she had just written—thought of Tur-
ga, thought of Frail.

  She murmured a little prayer.

CHAPTER XXIX.

THE INVISIBLE HAND.

  Turga opened his eyes from a deep
sleep, noted gratefully that the sun
was shining and that he was feeling
fit. Then, rapidly enough but by de-
grees, the events of the night before
recurred to him.

  He had found Paulo again, had
drunk some wonderful wine, had
heard an old musician play a hurdy-
gurdy. Succeeding recollections were
on him with a rush—the barriers of
forgetfulness all down, the legions of
memory storming in triumph.

  There had been a repetition of the
old nightmare, the old haunt.

  The words of the song he had heard
came back to him now. But they
were mingled with other words —
words that he had spoken to Agatha
Frail when they were riding home,
other words that Agatha had spoken
when they were still in the restaurant.

  The ghost had shown its head
again. They had banded together to
drive it forever out of their lives—
he and Agatha, Paulo and his blond
giantess of a daughter, and the ample-
bosomed, bright-eyed Mme. Zidek.

  It was all arranged. Paulo and
Mme. Zidek were to be married. It
had almost been arranged—almost—*
that he and Agatha were to go and do
likewise.

  He was to see her that afternoon.
He thought of her now with tender-
ness. She was certainly a very won-
derful girl—complex, beautiful, just a
bit dangerous—one of those feminine
mixed drinks which nature prepares
every now and then for a weary pal-
late out of her billion years of ex-
perience.

  A Swiss ‘ valet—polite and present-
able enough, but too pale for comfort
—came in with some letters on a silver
tray and the verbal information that
Turga’s bath was waiting — “ fotre
panne, m’soor.”

  “ For the love of Mike, speak Eng-
lish,” Turga ordered, reaching for his
mail.

  “ Your pat is retty, sair,” the valet
repeated obediently, with the decorum
of a judge passing sentence. He had
a lively sense of humor—like the ma-
jority of his kind.

  “ For the love of Isaac, make it
German,” said Turga as he tore open
an envelope.

  " Ihre Bad ist fertig—■" he began.

  “ Oh, very well,” said Turga.

  With ,a sure hand he had first of
all pulled out the one letter addressed
to him in a woman’s hand. It was a
letter from Elin Carstairs, as he saw
by a hasty reference to the signature.

  Then he began again at the begin-
ning. He couldn’t quite see what she
was driving at—he began to skip—he
had so many other things to think
about. She wasn’t the girl that Aga-
tha Frail was—not by any means.

  Turga dropped the letter back into
the tray for future reference, then
shuffled over to the waiting bath.

  The pale Swiss, left alone, began to
set the room to rights. Once or twice
he glanced at the open letter on the
tray, caught a word or two of interest,
then began to read it greedily. He
was one of those who take their ro-
mance vicariously.

  Turga splurged and scrubbed.
Something of the courage he had felt
the night before was coming back to
him. After all, he was young and
'THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

51

healthy, this was America and the
twentieth century, Agatha Frail was
young and rich and beautiful. And
he was to see her that afternoon.

  He was to make it early—not later
than two o’clock. They had agreed
upon that between them. They had
agreed upon so many things. They
had so much in common!

  He could feel again the thrilling
contact of her lips, could feel the equal
thrill of her eyes on his, especially in
the twilight mystery of the cab when
they were riding home together.

  Their minds were open. Perhaps
this afternoon would settle it. He was
quite willing to have it settled — one
way or the other, for that matter.
After all, getting married didn’t neces-
sarily mean tying oneself up for life.
He knew no ends of people—many of
them friends of his—who had made
the trip to Nevada or Dakota, and had
rather enjoyed it withal.

  Faultlessly dressed—the Swiss was
a pearl of a valet, if he was a fool—
Turga strolled out into the frosty sun-
shine.

  He had forgotten all about the let-
ter he had started to read. He had
other things to think about—just time
for a pleasant stroll up the avenue, a
look into a shop or two where one
was always apt to encounter a provo-
king smile, an exciting pair of eyes; •
then lunch, then his rendezvous—with
all its latent possibilities. Few days
had ever promised so much.

  As a matter of fact, few days were
ever to be so fruitful.

  He had quite decided on the restau-
rant that was to have the honor of
his patronage — an expensive, well-
known restaurant where he often
went, both alone and with friends of
his. And he had a particular reason
for going there. Several times, when
he had lunched there recently, he had
remarked a certain fair and alluring
stranger who had also showed a par-
tiality for the place.

  These things being true, it is very
odd that Turga did not even go near

the place. It was almost as though he
were being led by an invisible hand—
as though he were a mere infant con-
ducted by an invisible nurse.

   He loitered up the avenue, it is true,
then strolled off aimlessly into one of
the cross streets toward Broadway.
He did not do this unconsciously.
Several times he mentally warned
himself to get back to the avenue, to
his restaurant, to his selected pro-
gram of action.

  It was almost as though he were
bereft of will. He walked on and on.
And somehow a subtle change had
come over his mood. He was no
longer as gay as he had been. Several
very comely young women passed him
in the course of this promenade—<
fashionably gowned and hatted, any
one of whom would have made an ex-
cellent advertisement for a beauty-
parlor, and who, under ordinary cir-
cumstances, would have delighted his
eye.

  Turga did not see them. A sort of
gray cloud had piled up athwart the
sky of his spirit—a presage of pos-
sible storm, though the real day was
as frostily fair as ever.

  He had come to Broadway, was
pausing before the entrance of a bril-
liant hostelry for which he had never
greatly cared, was meditating the ad-
visability of eating luncheon there in-
stead of at that other place he had in
mind.

   Suddenly he stood still, the cold fin-
gers of fear caressing his heart. He
smiled, but he was weak, stricken.

  Inclination and reason had told him
to go back the way he had come. In-
stead, he went on in—forced there by
inevitable fate.

  Almost before he knew it, he was
surrendering hat, stick, and overcoat
to a uniformed flunky, and a suave
head waiter was bowing him into a
salmon-pink dining-room.

  As if in greeting, there broke softly
about him the mellifluence of a hidden
orchestra—swooning, sensuous.

  Through the soft glamour of sha-
52

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ded lights he caught sight of a familiar

-	face and figure—still very fascinating,
  still very beautiful, still what the
  French call troublante. She was smi-
  ling at him.

    It was the former Princess Viatka
  —Mrs. Frail.

CHAPTER XXX.

CHAMPAGNE AND CAVIAR.

    As a matter of fact, Mrs. Frail was
  looking so altogether attractive that,
  after the first well-concealed twinge
  of impatience, Turga discovered that
  he wasn’t so unhappy, after all. There
  was something about that salmon-pink
  interior, the shaded lights, the volup-
  tuous music, that suited the former
  Princess Viatka marvelously well.

    She was by far too expert a ring-
  general, however, to show an over-
  abundance of pleasure at the outset.
  Apart from that initial smile, her in-
  vitation to share her table with her,
  Turga found her inclined to be more
  reserved than usual.

    He decided to use the brief time at
  his disposal in breaking down this re-
  serve as far as possible. He wasn’t
  particularly interested in the result,
  but it was a rather better way of kill-
  ing time than anything else he could
  think of.

    “ Kismet ” he said with a dry smile
  as the waiter withdrew. “ I was just
  asking myself what in the world had
  brought me here. Now I know.”

    “ The same question has been an-
  swered for me,” Mrs. Frail volun-
  teered.

    “ You’ll forgive me if I don’t sym-
  pathize with you.”

“ I ask no sympathy. And you?”

    “ I’m the luckiest man in New
  York,” said Turga feelingly, as he
  quaffed a preliminary beverage known
  as a “ Clover Club ”—whatever that
  might be.

    Over the door of the restaurant to
  which Turga had entered there was a
  large gilt dial. During a lull in the

music there floated down from this
direction the silver fragment of a
chime. Looking up, he saw that it
was half past twelve — still an hour
and a half of liberty before he would
have to keep his engagement with
Agatha Frail. The fact gave him an
added feeling of exhilaration. Plenty
of time—plenty of leeway.

  Mrs. Frail had gracefully permitted
him to order for her. He outdid him-
self, ordering with all the savoir vivre
of a man three times his age. Only,
the luncheon ordered had no very
strict relationship with the physical
demands of health. A taste of this
and a taste of that—caviar, truffled
grouse, heart of the palmetto, an an-
cient Burgundy, glowing black and
red.

  It was amazing — amazing and
pleasant, too, for that matter — how
quickly the time fled.

  Turga glanced up at the gilt dial.
One-fifteen, and only down to the
salad. After all, it shouldn’t prove
disastrous if he were five or ten min-
utes late.

  The leader of the orchestra was
outdoing himself. He was an Ole
Bull and something more. He was
leading a company of Sarasates and
Paderewskis, no less. The music that
they were playing was the most won-
derful music in the world. It seemed
to be affecting everybody. They were
all smiling; they were all in good hu-
mor. And, if the truth be known, they
also were breaking engagements.

  Not that he was going to break an
engagement. Ah, no! Agatha Frail
was one of the sweetest little girls in
the United States. And it was easy
enough to see that she had come by
her charms by direct descent. Mrs.
Frail was fascinating, all right.

  His eyes drifted past the gilt dial
as he lifted his glass. One-fifty-five.
Quarter of an hour, more or less,
would make no difference. He was in
excellent company. Nevertheless it
was perfectly true that the fete would
have to end some time. There was
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

53

only one way to bring this about, and
that was by drinking their happy ren-
contre in a glass—just one glass—of
champagne.

  The former Princess Viatka was
perfectly willing. She had nothing
more important on than an engage-
ment with the dry-as-dust Melnik and
the American lawyers of the Frail
family at two-fifteen. In a lofty mir-
ror on the wall opposite her she also
could see the gilt dial. -

  She wasn’t quite sure just what time
the hands did indicate, and she wasn’t
going to give herself a headache try-
ing to figure it out. The lawyers al-
ways settled things among themselves,
anyway. They could do the same
thing this time and send her the pa-
pers to sign—if there were any.

  The champagne sparkled—cool, re-
freshing. Two-ten by the gilt dial.
A final determination on the part of
Turga that the best of friends must
part.

  As if by magic, a clear space had
been discovered in the center of the
restaurant. A slim youth and a slim-
mer girl appeared from nowhere—<
something like the magician’s rabbits
on the brim of a silk hat. The or-
chestra—composed entirely of famous
musicians — had throbbed into some-
thing delightfully African.

  The magician’s white rabbits inter-
twined and began to convolve—quite
as though they had both been swal-
lowed at the same time by an invisible
snake.

  “ I wonder if I could telephone? ”
Turga murmured half apologetically.'

  He couldn’t leave just now. After
all, he might have been in a taxi ac-
cident, or something like that. Agatha
would be grateful—or she ought to be
if she wasn’t—that nothing dreadful
had happened to him.

  Two-twenty-five. There hadn’t
been anything positively fixed about
the rendezvous. Besides, he had
studied the psychology of women,
both in books and by observation.
Every one was agreed that the way to

clinch a girl’s affection was by making
her suffer—you know, “ the more you
beat her the better she be.”

  The Princess Viatka was holding a
match for his cigarette. He steadied
her hand with his, held it a moment,
then pressed it to his lips. It was a
public place, but a gentle spirit of
good-fellowship was abroad. Instead
of rebuking him, the princess had
rather done otherwise, had rather
pressed her dimpled knuckles forward
instead of drawing them back.

  With a mental “ Ouf! ” of relief,
Turga looked at the gilt dial with a
sort of brazen impudence. Going on
three—too late to keep the engage-
ment—too late to telephone—too late
for any ordinary excuse. The only
way to save the situation now was to
turn it into downright tragedy, let re-
sentment be dissolved into anxious
tears.

  Besides, he was delighted to dis-
cover that, apart from a sense of per-
fect well-being, the champagne wasn’t
having the slightest effect upon him.
It wasn’t having the slightest effect on
the Princess Viatka either, except to
make her younger, more scintillant,
and beautiful.

  After all, for a full-grown man of
twenty-one there was nothing like the
society of a mature woman. Kids
were all right from time to time,
but—”

  He leaned forward and locked little
fingers with the princess.

   “ I’ve got an idea,” he said.

  The Princess Viatka invited him to
proceed, with her most dazzling smile.

  “ We’ll go some place where we can
dance ourselves,” said Turga.

  “You’re a darling!” she answered
with enthusiasm. “ I feel so—so dar-
ing.”

CHAPTER XXXI.

SUBURBAN, SUB ROSA.

  The day was already drawing to a
close—so far as the workers were con-
54

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cerned — but still early morning for
Turga and his companion. It was
very obliging of the sun to thus beat
his record to the horizon.

  Out of the salmon-pink interior of
the restaurant into the sparkling twi-
light of upper Broadway, a million
colored lamps continuing the festal at-
mosphere; even the white globes of
the ordinary arc-lamps looking like
mistletoe-berries in their milky white-
ness.

 The taxi swayed, crawled, and
dashed ahead again, to the perfect in-
difference of those inside. After all,
New York was a capital place to live
in. There was always something do-
ing, always something to see, always
something new.

  “ I’m so delightfully frightened,”
said the former Princess Viatka, set-
tling herself a little closer.

  “ Nothing to be afraid of,” Turga
consoled her.

  “ Oh, but I love it.”

  “ Love what ? ”

  “ To be frightened.”

  He felt her arm quiver slightly under
his. He could understand a tempera-
ment like that.

  “ Fear,” he whispered, unintention-
ally dramatic. “ I understand the
thrill of it. I’ve had it in my life
also, here lately. But different from
the kind you mean.”

  “ What kind do I mean ? ”

  “ Fear that you will be seen and
criticised—fear of what people will
say.”

  “ And this fear of yours? ”

  “ Are you afraid,” he asked, with
sudden intensity, “ that this chauffeur
of ours will smash into something,
have an upset, kill us ? ”

  “ How delightful! ” cried the for-
mer Princess Viatka with a shiver,
but happy none the less. “ Do you
think he will ? ”

“ I don’t know,” Turga replied
steadily. “ And, what’s more, I don’t
give a—a darn. And that’s the atti-
tude I’ve taken toward life in general.”
He was speaking very softly, very

intensely, with his face close to Mrs.
Frail.

  “ Go on,” she urged softly. “ Tell
me what you mean.”

  “ I mean,” said Turga, “ that we
two—we two, particularly—are pas-
sengers in another sort of taxi-cab.
Life!—somewhat dark, somewhat gid-
dy, a sway, a crawl, a dash, a strange
chauffeur, and Heaven knows what
ahead.”

  He relieved the seriousness of what
he was saying with a sardonic laugh
and kissed her lightly before she could
suspect his purpose. But she was
atremble with interest in what he was
saying. She suspected that he was
holding back something,

  “ And you’re expecting an acci-
dent?”

  “And you? ”

  She shivered again—again nestled a
little closer.

  “ Have you ever heard of the curse
—of the curse on the family of the
Frelinghuysens? ” she asked softly.
“ Oh, somehow I never think of it ex-
cept when I am with you, when I see
you! ”

  “ And an unknown chauffeur at the
wheel,” he repeated.

  They didn’t refer to the subject
again. But the mutual understanding
that to some extent had existed from
the very first time that they had seen
each other had deepened, become more
intimate. There was a new element
of daring, of recklessness in this out-
ing of theirs.

  The road-house stood on the edge of
a wooded cliff, reached by a winding
road. In the distance was the shimmer
and glare and clustered constellations
of the great city. Round them, as they
paused on the porch, was the illimitable
solemnity of night. For an abiding
moment or two it was as though they
two had already died, that they could
look back on the world that they had
just left, were about to go through
the door of a new world—Valhalla.
Sheol, Hades or Paradise, they knew
not, nor greatly cared.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

55

  A band of negroes—drum, violin,
cornet and piano, these supplemented
with barbaric howls and chants—were
doing their best to smother metaphysi-
cal problems in a riot of cubist chords
and tempi.

  “ At any rate,” the former Princess
Viatka whispered to herself, “ I have
got rid of that cursed Frelinghuysen
dollar.”

  She had passed alone into a room set
apart for the women patrons of the
place—a cigarette, a touch of powder,
a dash of rouge. The brilliant yellow
air was heavy with mingled perfume,
rather too penetrating for the most
part, but subtly intoxicating none the
less. There was a general spirit of
bravado among the others there, a
sort of feminine dash and recklessness
that quickened the former Princess
Viatka’s own pulse delightfully.

  She smiled at herself in a long mir-
ror. After all, she was beautiful, she
told herself. She allowed one of the
attendants to pencil her eyes—oh, ever
so little, just the barest suspicion of a
delicate green, the garish light requir-
ing it.

As she inhaled her cigarette, she
noticed a discarded newspaper lying
there—the red and black page of an
journal with screaming

head-lines.

  She glanced at it casually with idle
interest, saw that a murder was pro-
claimed, then looked again with a slow
filtration of. wonder and horror.

MELNIK!

Stabbed in the Back! No Clue!

  She clutched at the arms of her chair.
She felt giddy—ill. Melnik murdered!

  The woman attendant approached,
eyebrows .lifted, sympathetic.

  “ I think,” said the former Princess
Viatka, “ I’ll take that cocktail you
suggested.”

  So this was the end of the Bohemian
lawyer who had tampered with the af-
fairs of the Cave-Dwellers. On him,
also, had fallen the shadow of the

curse. It must be so. It couldn’t be
otherwise.

  The attendant came back still flut-
tering with sympathy, but carrying the
cocktail steadily enough on a tarnished
tray.

  “ Madame n’est pas bien? ”

  Mrs. Frail took a pungent swallow.
She felt better instantly. Her eyes
brightened. She smiled.

  “ Oh, I’m all right,” she answered
lightly.

  She finished her cocktail, looked
down at the offending paper for a mo-
ment with growing disdain, then
reached it iwith one of her small and
beautifully shod feet. An exquisite
spasm of pleasure thrilled through her
as she felt the paper tear. She drew
it closer with the sharp edge of her
French heel, then trampled and tore,
trampled and tore, in an ecstasy of de-
light.

  For a moment or two she contem-
plated the advisability of one more
cocktail. A number of the other wom-
en there were also drinking. But she
saw that in their faces that caused
her to desist.

  Over and above the babble of con-
versation throbbed and boomed the
distant frenzy of the negro musicians.
That was quite exciting enough.

  Her feet still on the torn and crum-
pled fragments of the newspaper, she
stood up, looked at herself once more
in the mirror, smiled and started for
the door.

  Turga was waiting for her there.
He smiled at her darkly.

  “ del, woman,” he laughed, “ how
beautiful you are! ”

CHAPTER XXXII.

CHORDS AND DISCORDS.

  Without permission, or the need of
it, Turga had slipped his arm about
her waist. The music was compelling.
They glided into the strengthening cur-
rent of dancers. It was very excit-
ing — quite intoxicating. Even that
56

ALt-STORY weekly.

memory of the torn journal recording
the tragic end of Dr. Melnik con-
tributed somehow to the former Prin-
cess Viatka’s elation.

  She had never danced before to mu-
sic like that, not precisely. But she
had danced to the wild music of the
Tziganer throughout central Europe.
And there was something about the
tempestuous and freakish harmony of
these present musicians which remind-
ed her of them—which reminded her
of another ball, something like this
one, years ago, in Tarnopol.

  The years slipped away. Emotions
that had slumbered for years were
awakened again. Through the atmos-
phere, heavy though it was with the
mingled smells of perfumes, liquors,
and the disquieting effluvia of the well-
dressed human herd, there came the
aromatic aroma of a Russian cigar-
ette—a haunting memory.

  Her eyes were brilliant, her red lips
were open, she swooned lightly
through the dance. Who could be
smoking a cigarette like that, she won-
dered? But she didn’t care.

  Turga also was a superb dancer—
on an occasion like this, with a part-
ner like Mrs. Frail. But twice, now,
he had noticed a black-bearded
stranger in the fringe of onlookers at
the tables.

  There was something about the man
that recalled the shadowy faces he had
seen that night in the warehouse. In
an ineffectual sort of way, he searched
his memory. But he brought back
nothing definite, only that uncanny, in-
definable sense of impending Fate.

  His arm tightened about Mrs.
Frail’s waist. He looked down into
her face seeking some counter-charm
which could dispel the obsession, in-
crease his recklessness and courage.

  She had abandoned herself to him
utterly. She was as responsive to the
wild music as were the primitive mu-
sicians themselves. She smiled up at
him languorously. Turga’s face was
very close to hers. He was almost
on the point of dropping his own face

yet a little closer. There were so
many people on the floor that there
was a certain element of seclusion.

  Then some sense of being looked at
caused him to glance again in the di-
rection of the onlookers. Again his
eyes rested upon the man with the
black beard. But it was not he, Turga,
who was being looked at—not just
then, at any rate—the stranger had
half-started from his chair, was gaz-
ing with passionate surprise at Mrs.
Frail.

  Turga felt an inrush of fresh un-
easiness. So this was the thing that
he had been suspecting! He had been
dancing—dancing in the dark, in his
sleep, had felt the imminence of the
precipice, and it was this.

  Only a glance was necessary. That
the man knew Mrs. Frail there was
no doubt. Striking in appearance
though she was, no mere stranger
would have started like that at sight
of her.

  Turga had brought her to the other
side of the room. There he paused, his
arm still about her.

  “ Have we had enough ? ” he whis-
pered.

  “ No, no! ” she murmured. “ It’s
superb—wonderful! Let us go on. I
love it.”

  “ There is some one here. I feel—
I’m uneasy.”

  “ Some one here ? ”

  Mrs. Frail cast a quick glance about.

  “ Some one we know—some one of
our sort ? ”

  “ A man with a black beard—he
looked at you so strangely.”

  Mrs. Frail hesitated. Her imagina-
tion brought again that faint whiff of
the Russian cigarette. But she was un-
dismayed—quite the contrary. Could
it be possible that some old admirer of
hers was here in this outlandish place ?
Her intuition at times amounted to
almost a sixth sense.

  Without speaking, her hand again
sought Turga’s arm and she swayed
him impellingly once more into the
rhythm of the black musicians. It
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

57

was the very quintessence of enjoy-
ment to dance with this handsome
youth before the eyes of a possible
rival. To inspire jealousy again—*
what could equal that?

  Again they circled the floor. But
Mrs. Frail made no effort to see who
it was that Turga referred to. Her
eyes were all for Turga himself. She
was more languorous and lissom than
ever. One more element had been
added to her delight.

  And this time even Turga failed to
notice the stranger. His attention had
been suddenly absorbed by a youth
who, for some reason or other, was
exceedingly awkward in steering his
companion across the crowded floor,
Turga did his best to avoid a collision.
Too late!

  As Mrs. Frail recovered herself from
the shock she found herself looking
into the amazed, incredulous face of
her son.

  Hugh Frail stared and stared. His
face had been flushed from much ex-
ercise and numerous libations. But
his color gradually faded.

  He turned to Turga. For a moment
they stood there facing each other with
the other dancers on the floor elbow-
ing and zigzagging around them.

 “ What ■—■ what are you doing
here? ” Frail asked thickly.

  Before Turga could answer, a fright-
ful discord brought a sudden period
to the clamor from the orchestra.
There was a moment of terrifying si-
lence, then a fresh clamor broke out,
during which the lights went out.

  There followed a greater cacophony
than ever—a medley of shrieks and
yells, of laughter and curses, in all
of which there was but one articu-
late word.

  The word was “ police! ”

CHAPTER XXXIII.

FREDERIC GETS A JOLT.

  As brilliantly as this momentuous
day had dawned for Count Carlos

Turga, it had dawned more brilliantly
still for the junior member of the firm
of Graw & Graw. For Frederic
awoke with a sense of work well done
and a day of rest ahead. It was
almost as though he were a little kid
again, he told himself, that this was
Saturday with a day’s sport ahead on
his grandfather’s farm.

  Quite to his surprise work had
proved to be a tonic, not the slightest
bother in the world. But none the
less he had decided to follow his
father’s suggestion and knock off this
day at any rate.

•	As was usually the case when he was
feeling more than ordinarily fit, Graw’s
thought turned to Agatha Frail. He
had been thinking a good deal about
Agatha here of late, nor had these
thoughts been entirely complacent.

  But as he swung down the Avenue,
he reflected that any fears he might
have had with regard to Agatha were
rather absurd. Surely, Agatha could
never marry any one else.

  His own grandfather had been one
of the few friends of the original
Frail — the fugitive Count von Fre-
linghuysen. His father had been one
of the companions who shared the
stormy youth of Agatha’s father.

  And almost as far back as he could
remember, until very recently, both
families seemed to have taken it as a
matter of common accord that some
day he and Agatha would be happily
married—to the satisfaction of all.

  But young Graw knew well enough
that a change had taken place. It was
with a certain amount of wonder that
his brain had recorded the events of
that day when he had driven Agatha
out to Cherry Hills in his motor-car—
when he had'noticed for the first time
her partiality for Turga.

  He was just a trifle stupefied at
the possibility of Agatha being seri-
ously interested in any one else. At
first he had put it down to a passing
whim. Agatha was famous for her
whims.

  But that she should have elected
58

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Turga was the most whimsical thing
of all. Turga was all right, but he
wasn’t quite normal—normal as to
family, and all that sort of thing. He
was too much of a mystery, too much
of a foreigner—a foreigner still, de-
spite his long residence in the United
States.

  “ Hello, Chivvers,” he greeted the
Frail butler with the familiarity of an
old acquaintance. “ Miss Agatha in ? ”

  “ A fine day; sir,” Chivvers volun-
teered. “ I really don’t know. I’ll
see, sir.”

  “ Quit your kidding,” said Freddy
lightly. “ Tell her she’s got to be in.”

  Chivvers permitted a smile to flicker
dutifully on his shaven mask.

   “ I’ll see, sir.”

  Frederic lit a cigarette and strolled
over to look at the tapestry. He had
looked at the tapestry perhaps a thou-
sand times before, but it always in-
terested him. He had never been able
to puzzle out how people could attach
such inordinate value to pictures so
hideous. They would have been bad
enough in oil, let alone picked out in
woolen threads.

  There was a soft step behind him.
He whirled delighted. He had recog-
nized it.

  “ Agatha, by all the gods!” he ex-
claimed. “ You’re looking positively
stunning.”

  Chivvers cast upon the young pair a
single glance of paternal commenda-
tion. Graw noticed the glance.

  “ You’re a brick, Chivvers,” he said.

  “ Going to remember you in my will,
be deuced if I don’t.” He let his ador-
ing eyes rest again on Agatha.
“ What’s on ? ” he wanted to know.
But he answered his own question.
“ Nothing. Come along, with me. I’ll
run you out into the country. We’ll
make a cfay of it—all by ourselves—
have a bully time.”

  Agatha smiled upon him tenderly.
She was so happy that she wouldn’t
willingly have hurt a fly—least of all,
this big, good-natured, and fairly
good-looking boy who stood in front of

her. Turga was coming—coming at
two o’clock.

  “ You’re a perfect dear,” she con-
ceded ; “ but it can’t be done.”

  “ I’ll take you, anyway,” said Graw,
making a playful little move as though
he intended to grab her.

  “ I’ll tell you what we will do,” said
Agatha. “ If you’re not going any
place in particular—as I know you’re
not; you never are—I’ll let you stay
here for luncheon. I’m all alone. My
beloved mother is off shopping or
something. But you’ll have to go at
one-thirty sharp.”

  “ Ah, gee, that’s only two hours at
the outside. Make it two-thirty.”

  “ At two,” said Agatha, with per-
fect solemnity, “ my dressmaker is'
coming—a dreadful person.”

  Graw drew a rueful face.

  “A him or a her?” he wanted to
know.

  “ Insolent! ”

  Agatha had caught his hand in hers
•—as she was wont to do years ago,
when he had come over for a day’s
frolic. Perhaps it was 'a memory of
those other days that recurred to her
now.

  “ And I’ll have them serve our
luncheon up in the nursery,” she added

playfully.	----

  They had come to the upper landing
of the grand staircase—a most shad-
owy and churchlike place. Courage
was now running stronger through
Graw’s veins than ever before. Aga-
tha, still leading him by the hand, was
a little in front of, him—graceful,
slight, infinitely inviting.

  Obedient to a sudden and uncon-
trollable impulse, he caught her in his
arms, swayed her lightly backward,
and kissed her fervently on chin and
temple.

  Agatha was so startled that for a
moment or two she couldn’t speak.
She had torn herself free, not so much
from any distaste she had for such
conduct as from some native instinct
of self-protection.

  She stood quivering with excite-
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

59

ment, her face illumined, her lips smi-
ling and tremulous, an extraordinary
light in her eyes.

  “Why, Fred Graw!”

  Graw stood in front of her, trem-
bling, confused. All of his splendid
courage had been expended in that one
magnificent attack. He had never felt
so wholly abashed and frightened in
his life.

  He tried to speak—tried to laugh—
succeeded in nothing but chattering his
teeth. For him the hour was a solemn
one.

  Suddenly Agatha’s expression
changed, relaxed, as did her tense,
young figure. She was shaking with
laughter. Gale after gale of laughter,
rollicking, surcharged with merriment,
swept over her, brought the tears to
her eyes, made her squirm.

  There was only one thing in the
world that could have increased
Graw’s fear—it was not her anger,
which he believed he had already felt
—and that was her ridicule.

  “ Stop your laughing,” he managed
to say.

  Agatha caught the meaning of the
intonation. She continued to laugh,
and there was an element of cruelty in
it. She had suddenly discovered that
she could make some one suffer. The
discovery pleased her, gave her a
hitherto untasted thrill of excitement.

  “ Stop it, I say! ” Graw reiterated,
his dismay turning into anger.

  Agatha’s laugh turned into some-
thing perilously like a sneer.

  “ And since when did you get the
right to give me orders? ” she wanted
to know.

  He recovered himself somewhat,
smiled awkwardly, took a step in her
direction.

  She drew back slightly, still looking
at him with sparkling eyes. It was
too good an opportunity to lose. She
had another barbed shaft already on
the cord.

  “ Go on,” she said. “ While you’re
about it, order me to break that en-
gagement as well.”

   Graw looked at her in silence while
the watch in his pocket ticked off thir-
ty seconds.

   “ With Turga? ” he asked softly.

  “ Yes, Mr. Graw. Won’t you
stay? ”

   “ I’m sorry I can’t stay,” he said.

   As he passed Chivvers in the lower
hall he was ostensibly humming a tune.

CHAPTER XXXIV.

“ NEVER SAY DIE.”

  Frederic Graw, 3RD, still hum-
•ming — ostensibly — turned into Cen-
tral Park. It was an ideal day for the
equestrians, and there were many of
them out. For a moment or two he
half determined to go and get his own
mount. He must be nervous and out
of sorts, he told himself, or he never
would thus have flown off the handle.

  But even this indirect way of re-
verting to the incident from which he
had just emerged brought him a little
pang of self-pity. By the same token
the mere thought of being jogged up
and down into anything resembling
physical activity became abhorrent. A
little while before the very atmosphere
was tingling with the zest of life.
Now he kept quoting:

   “The melancholy days have come—”

   He could get no further, nor cared
to. Those few words expressed suf-
ficiently his whole outlook on life.

  But before he had been there very
long, only half noticing the stream of
cavaliers and amazons, his attention
was awakened by a horseman mount-
ed on a skittish, young thoroughbred
filly—such a queen of an animal that,
perforce, Graw thought again of
Agatha.

  She quivered at every dead leaf
that fluttered down — the filly did —
showed an incessant readiness to bolt.
There was slumbering fire in her beau-
tiful eyes, revolt in her quivering
flanks and every toss of her finely
chiseled head.
60

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  The man on her back gave no heed.
He was a picture of masterful dignity

—	calm, self - possessed, thoroughly
sure of himself. But to Graw’s
trained and admiring eyes it was ob-
vious that the filly recognized the mas-
ter. She had learned the strength of
his hand, had yielded the higher will.
He could see what might easily have
happened had a feebler spirit tried to
dominate her.

  Again he thought of Agatha—skit-
tish, young, a thoroughbred. He
flushed a little, but it was for himself,
not her. He straightened up, looked
again at the rider who had just passed, •
and at sight of that strong back, com-
manding shoulders, the proud carriage
of the head, felt his own muscles be-
come taut, a fierce uprising of his own
latent courage.

  For a moment he stood there,
breathing deep the cool, invigorating
air. He turned and retraced his steps.

  “Back again, sir?” asked Chiv-
vers dutifully, although the question
was manifestly absurd.

  “ Back again,” he answered. “ Has
Miss Frail gone out?”

   “ I’ll see, sir.”

  “ Tell her I must see her — must.
Got that?”

  A mellow chime from somewhere
in the interior of the house was an-
nouncing three o’clock. Graw had
lunched in solitary melancholy. There
was a little twinge of melancholy now
as he thought how he and Agatha
might have had their luncheon to-
gether, as she had suggested, up in
the nursery, as in the days of old.

  Then he remembered what she had
said about her two o’clock engage-
ment, and again the militant spirit
rose strong within him.

  It might not have been with Turga.
He knew Agatha well enough for
that. But if it was Turga—

“ Miss Frail isn’t feeling very well,
sir,” Chivvers reported, “ and would
like to know, sir, if there is any word.”
“ Only one word, Chivvers,” said
Graw, “ and that is that I want to see

her, must see her—if only for a mo-
ment,” he added, as a slight conces-
sion to diplomacy.

  When Chivvers came back the next
time he brought with him a slight
smile. Graw was practically a mem-
ber of the family, anyway.

  “ And she’s in an awful humor,” he
whispered.

  Graw returned the smile, but kept
his own counsel.

  He found Agatha standing in the
center of her own little drawing-room.
She was standing very straight. Her
fists were clenched. She was scowling,
but there was abundant evidence that
she had recently been crying.

  “What do you want?” she asked
with brutal directness.

  Graw had paused, was sizing up the
situation. Neither did he waste any
breath on circumlocution.

 “You!”

  The answer came like a shot. Like
a shot Agatha Frail received it. For
a moment or two she was too sur-
prised to speak.

  “ What do you mean? ” she gasped.

  u I mean what I said—I want you.”

  Graw had started forward. Agatha
drew back in a way which had never
theretofore failed to command respect,
not to say fear. Her eyes glowed.
Her nostrils were dilated.

  “ Don’t—don’t you try that again! ”
she panted. “ Don’t you dare touch
me! ”

  She was reminding Graw more than
ever of that skittish, thoroughbred
filly—aquiver, ready to kick, insurgent.
He himself was not without experience
so far as the breed was concerned. He
had passed most of his youth hanging
about the stables of his father’s coun-
try-place—had absorbed a good deal
of the strategy that an occasion like
this demanded.

  Almost cautiously, yet kindly, stead-
ily, without the slightest outward sign
of trepidation, he went forward, his
hand on her shoulder. Before she
could again draw back he had clasped
her in his arms.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

61

  The victory wasn’t an altogether
simple thing. Nor had he expected it
to be. He knew that Chivvers hadn’t
lied about her humor, and with her
humors, of one sort and another, he
had had a long experience.

  She freed one hand and struck him
across the side of his face. He hard-
ly winced; reached up and pinioned
this hand again with unshaken com-
placency.

  “ Let me go! ” Agatha gritted be-
tween clenched teeth. “ Let me go, I
tell you, or I’ll shriek! ”

  Graw didn’t answer—merely tight-
ened his hold, merely swayed her back
a little so that her eyes met his. She
was throwing every iota of her
strength into her struggles, but she
could scarcely move.

   “ I hate you! ” she hissed.

  “ Oh, no, you don’t,” he replied
softly.

v His hold had not relaxed. Agatha
had left off struggling, but he could
tell from the feel of her lithe body
that she would seize the first oppor-
tunity to escape. She wasn’t mastered
yet.

  “ Oh, no, you don’t,” he repeated
just as softly.

  “ Coward! ”

  In a way the epithet was an ac-
knowledgment of weakness on her
part.

   He smiled down at her indulgently.

   “ Why don’t you laugh at me ? ” he
asked.

  She didn’t answer. In the depth
of her eyes he could see some slight
indication of change.

  “ And where is that Mr. Turga you
were talking about ? ” he wanted to
know.

   There was a final flare of volcanic
light in the depth of Agatha’s eyes;
then quite unexpectedly the fire was
quenched with a sudden mist. He felt
her body relax.

   “ Poor little kid! ” Graw murmured
almost paternally. “ Poor little kid! ”

  The mist, repeating a phenomenon
common in nature, became rain.

  The mellow chime was again ring-
ing. As Graw listened it seemed
incredible that an hour had passed
so swiftly—equally incredible that
such a stupendous change had taken
place in such a short time.

  “ I’ll do anything in the wide, wide
world that you ask me to,” he mur-
mured softly. “ Only I’m boss.”

  “ You’re boss,” whispered Agatha,
with her hand on his cheek, “ and
these are your orders—orders that you
give, you know.”

  “ Sure—anything you say,” Graw
laughed.

  “ Since that beloved mother of mine
has seen fit to remain away,” said
Agatha, “ you don’t want me to stay
in this big, old house all alone. It's
to be dinner in a bright, big restau-
rant; then afterward—”

  “ Then afterward ? ”

  “ Then afterward, oh, something
desperate—something wild—a dance
in a country road-house.”

  “ Sure; I know just the place.”

  “ Where we’ll get excitement,”
insisted Agatha.

CHAPTER XXXV.
the scene op excitement.

  They were headed for excitement
enough, were Graw and Agatha—had
they only known it—a little later, as,
like the pair of young sweethearts that
they were, they held hands in the
cushioned obscurity of an automobile
headed north.

  The long truce, which had permit-
ted the proprietor of the road-house
in question to do pretty much as he
wished, and to let his guests do pretty
much as they wished, was broken.

  The police had descended like a
twofold curse of locusts and darkness.
And Egypt was smitten hard.

  As darkness fell on Turga, on Mrs.
Erail and her son, there was at first
a surge as if everybody there were
trying to move in one direction—a
herd of panicky sheep.
62

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  There was a crash of glass—another
and still wilder stampede in that di-
rection, dominated this time by the
stentorian voice of authority. At one
end of the hall a single gas-jet quiv-
ered into light, and again the crowd
fell silent.

  It was spectral, uncanny—a vision
of pale faces petrified with fear in the
midst of merriment. A hysterical
woman let out a falsetto laugh; and
again the noise broke out, only this
time more subdued, more easily
dominated by the voice of some officer
or other giving orders.

  “ All you gents and ladies stand still
just where you are, and nothing will
happen to you.”

  In a general way the order was
being obeyed. Other gas-jets were
flaring up one at a time, then with a
sort of noiseless rush the electric lights
were on again and once more the place
was brilliantly illuminated.

  Already the process of evacuation
was under way. At one end of the
hall there was a little knot of police-
men maintaining order and taking
names, while the recent revelers filed
out singly and in groups, giving names
and addresses—real or fictitious, it
mattered not.

  It was the only way out. At the
other end of the hall and at each
window, wherever one cared to look,
there were glimpses of other uni-
forms.

  Young Frail had turned on Turga
with fierce desperation.

  “Where is my mother?” he de-
manded.

  Turga looked from left to right in
amazement. Apart from the strangers
round them they were alone.

  “Your mother—where is she?” he
gasped in turn.

  “Where is she?” Frail repeated.

  There was something of panic in
his voice. He was looking at Turga
out of round eyes. His mouth was
open and his lower lip was aquiver.

  Mrs. Frail was nowhere to be seen.
They looked all round them. The

young lady with whom Frail had been
dancing but a minute before, feeling
keenly their present lack of attention
to her presence, murmured something
uncomplimentary and started in the
direction of the exit.

  “ Perhaps Mrs. Frail has gone out,”
Turga suggested.

  “Of course she’s gone out!” Frail
blurted with growing hysteria. “ What
did you mean by bringing her here ? ”

  “ Calm yourself,” Turga replied,
though he himself was far from being
calm. “ Everything will be all right.
She’s here. We’ll find her.”

  “ But where? ”

  Frail was again staring at Turga,
maudlin, fish-eyed. For a moment or
two he struggled to get out the words
that were trembling on his quivering
lower lip.

  " By the Lord, Turga,” he ejacu-
lated, “ you got her into this, and you
got to get her out! ”

  Frail’s nerves were steadily becom-
ing worse. Turga ignored the charge,
looked about him with an assumption
of coolness.

  “ And you got me into it, too,” Frail
continued with almost a sob. “ You
dirty pup, if you hadn’t butted in with
Elin Carstairs I shouldn’t have been
here.”

  He paused, aghast at his own au-
dacity. Plainly, he had said something
that he hadn’t intended to say—one of
those things that a man keeps in his
heart until it springs forth in defiance
of his will.

  But Turga received his declaration
with cool disdain.

  “ Shut up! ” he said. “ We’ve got
other troubles—here, now.”

  The hall was becoming rapidly emp-
tied.

  There was no longer any doubt
about it. Mrs. Frail was not there.
About the only hope which remained
was that, in some manner, she had been
among the first to get out; that they
would find her perhaps in the motor-
park or on the porch.

  It would do no good to ask the
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

63

blue-coated registrars at the door.
Both of them knew that a woman of
Mrs. Frail’s position and experience
would give any name but her own.

  Out in the open air they stumbled
round in the ever present confusion,
hating each other yet sticking together
—leashed up by a common anxiety.

   There was light enough outside, but
they knew their quest was hopeless.
Even had Mrs. Frail succeeded in
getting out by herself in that first
' descent of darkness and panic, she
would have had to be an extraordi-
nary woman indeed to find the taxi-
cab or the chauffeur that had brought
her.

   Frail discontinued to whine like a
discontented, ill-bred child.

  Turga was becoming instantly more
somber.

  They had made their way to the
parking - space. Automobiles were
honking and coughing all around
them. Their overworked nerves were
kept perpetually on the jump. They
were in imminent danger of being run
down.

  “I tell you to shut up!” Turga
grated as he suddenly turned and
confronted Frail.

  They had come into a place full
of confusing lights and shadows—a
lugubrious place, in some way as
chaotic and disordered as their own
thought.

  “I won’t shut up!” Frail cried.
“ It’s your fault. Everything is your
fault—you dirty—”

   Before he could finish the sentence
Turga had swung a smashing blow to
his face.

   Frail reeled back, as much dazed by
the suddenness of the assault as he
was by the force of it. He was com-
pletely sobered now. As far back as
he could remember no one had ever
struck him before. The horror of it
was not sudden; it was gradual; His
brain required time—only a few mo-
ments, but it seemed longer—to fully
note the fact and all the attendant cir-
cumstances.

  There in the darkness, with the dis-
cordant thunder of motor-horns, of
barking engines and excited voices
around him — a darkness shot to
pieces by the blinding flare of head-
lights—it wasn’t so much a man that
he saw before him as it was a per-
sonification of all that was evil and
brutal and dangerous in his own life.

  It was not Turga—it was the thing
that had robbed him of the only girl
he had ever loved; that had dragged
his mother into this inferno, and had
now awakened him to a full realiza-
tion of the wretched pass into which
his life was drifting by a blow on the
face.

  Turga was still standing there in an
attitude of watchfulness as Frail
recovered himself and stepped for-
ward.

  It was Turga who spoke.

  “ Keep away from me,” he com-
manded. “ Keep away from me and
keep silent. If you insult me again—”

  Frail hadn’t spoken. He was swifter
and steadier than Turga could have
suspected him of being, and as Frail
struck out- Turga was taken almost
unawares.

  He sought to sidestep, to parry.

  Then, just as Frail landed, an auto-
mobile rushed by.

  Turga had felt a hideous impact—«
a deluge of pain.

  The mud-guard had caught him in
the back, had hurled him into the dus^

CHAPTER XXXVI.
an echo From muscovy.

  Never in her life had the former
Princess Viatka enjoyed such a thrill
of fear and excitement as when the
lights went out. A strange place, a
strange crowd, strange perils! To her
jaded nerves the situation was perfect.

  An instant later, while the excite-
ment was still on its upward rush, an
arm had slipped under her own,
a voice had whispered in her ear
the one word “ Come! ”
64

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

  Mrs. Frail, as she looked back on
the incident later, remembered that the
voice was strange, that the word was
spoken in her native Russian. At the
time she noticed neither of these
things, merely obeyed automatically.

  There wasn’t time to think during
that swift, brutal rush through the
darkness, through the surging, invisi-
ble crowd. Followed a crash of glass
as a window went out. They were in
the open air.	*

  Two policemen rounded a corner of
the building, but before they could get
their bearings Mrs. Frail, still obedi-
ent to the urging arm locked in hers,
was across a narrow footpath and be-
hind a mass of ornamental shrubbery.
She and her escort stood there crouch-
ing, like hunted animals, until the
sportsmen of the law had passed.

  Not until then did she take note of
the fact that the man who had steered
her to the open air was neither Turga
nor her son. He was a stranger. But
even here in the darkness she sensed
his lithe strength and somehow his
station in life. He hadn’t released his
hold on her arm, and as she attempted
to draw back he held her more tightly
than ever.

  “ Who are you ? ” she demanded
softly in Russian.

  The stranger laughed.

  “ The Princess Viatka has a short
memory,” he said. “ I recognized her
the moment that she came into the
*

room.

-	Mrs. Frail again felt the eery de-
light of fear—the unnameable thrill
of the child who asks with chattering
teeth for one more ghost-story. There
was a familiar echo in the voice—an
echo of her own far Muscovy.

  “Who are you?” she repeated.

  “What do names matter?”

  A note of impatience had crept into
the stranger’s voice—just a hint of
latent cruelty.

  For a fraction of a second the for-
mer Princess Viatka flashed a look
into her jungly past. She had broken
many hearts in the old days—she

could not recall the fact even now
without a secret sense of triumph;
many men had crossed her path. This
was one of them. Beyond that, she
was still in doubt.

  Before she could formulate further
question or protest, her self-elected
escort attempted to force her again to
follow as he led the way. She drew
back with a movement of revolt.

  “ Come,” he flamed fiercely. “ I’ve
got you this far. You needn’t think
that you’re going to get away from
me now. Come! I’ve my motor over
there. You’re coming with me.

  “ I’m not coming with you! ”

  Mrs.' Frail had snatched her arm
away, but before she could take a step
her captor again had her by the wrist,
had jerked her toward him roughly
that for a moment she was deprived
of the power of speech.

  “ I’ll scream! ”

  But the words lacked something of
sincerity. They contained more of
pleading than of threat. And even so
that note of delicious dread could not
altogether be concealed.

  Again the stranger had laughed.
He had thrown a strong arm about
her waist, was almost carrying her as
he hurried forward, by a circuitous
route to where he had left his auto-
mobile.

  They passed through a rift of bril-
liant light cast by an arc-lamp between
the shadows of the trees. There the
stranger paused, looked down at his
captive. His eyes glowed. His white
teeth gleamed through his black beard
as he smiled.

  “ Sergius! ” she gasped.

  “ Yea, my little Olga, it is Ser-
gius, ” he replied. “I’m glad that
your memory is not so short as I
feared it was. I have never ceased to
love you. Thought of you has been
my consolation in the cold, white hell
of Siberia—in Saghalien. If it hadn’t
been for you—and yet, it was because
of you.”

  A spasm of pain swept across his
face. He lifted a clenched hand above
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

65

her face, poised it there tensely as if
he could have slain her with a blow,
as though he had determined to do
so. He kissed her instead.

  The former Princess Viatka shud-
dered, half swooned.

  “ I’m glad, at least,” said Sergius
exultantly, “ that your husband is
dead.”	>

  “ Michel killed him.”

  “ Good business. If it hadn’t been
for that, I might not have come to
America. I only got here a week or
so ago—thought I would give you up,
perhaps, after all. The fates decreed
otherwise—sent me up this afternoon
to this jamboree—I saw you—all the
old fires flamed up again. I was just
back of you when the lights went out.”
“ You said—the death of my hus-
band—what did that have to do with
your Coming here ? ”

  Sergius whispered:

  “ Have you forgot the Frelinghuy-
sen curse—the Cave-Dwellers ? ”

  The former Princess Viatka trem-
bled slightly.

  “ And now ? ”

  “ And now! ”

  There was another gleam of white
teeth through the black beard, but it
could hardly have been called a smile.
His arm tightened about her. He
again started forward.

  “ Stop struggling,” he commanded.
“ Don’t be a fool. You could be sent
to the policS court—or an asylum.”

  As one who is borne along in a night-
mare the former Princess Viatka tra-
versed another brief interval of glim-
mer and gloom, found herself at the
polished door of a limousine. Dis-
mayed, incapable of coherent thought,
bereft almost of reason and of will,
she yielded herself to an innate fatal-
ism.

  There \tfas a purring throb df ma-
chinery, a lurch, the car padded for-
ward.

  They had entered a smooth but illy
lighted road. The car gained speed.

  From time to time Sergius laughed
again. He still held her tightly—and

    5 S

in the clasp of his strong arms, as well
as that laugh of his, the former Prin-
cess Viatka knew that there was as
much cruelty as passion.

  “ What are you going to do with
me ? ” she asked.

   “ Let the future take care of itself,”
he purred. “ This is enough.”

   He pressed her face to his and held
it there. She had ceased to struggle,
ceased to resist. She felt like a little
child in the presence of this strong
man. She was completely under his
domination.

  .“And you love me still?” she
breathed.

  “ Love you and hate you,” he an-
swered, holding her away from him,
but still gripping her hard. “ I have
not decided yet whether or not to
make you my queen or to kill you.”

' She had uttered a little cry of pain.
He was hurting her. Then his cruel
grip relaxed and he was all tender-
ness again.

   “ To cherish or to slay,” he echoed,

  “ Either—from you,” she sighed.

  It was as though she were young
again—young and back in southern
Russia. Dieu! How she suffered! How
happy she was!

  Whither?

  They were rushing through the
night. It was as though the chauffeur
had absorbed something of the dare-
devil spirit of his master—reckless,
careless of the future, dashing lawless
through the night.

  The car swayed.

  There was a tremendous, cata-
clysmic inrush of noise.

  Mrs. Frail was hurled through
space—oh, an illimitable distance!

   It was horrible, wonderful — death
perhaps!

CHAPTER XXXVII.

ON THE DARK ROAD.

  Graw’s own chauffeur had done his
best to avoid a collision, but the other
automobile was on the wrong side of
66

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

the road and going fast, had swerved
at the last moment. They were on the
last lap of their journey to the road-
house when the accident occurred.
After the first crashing tumult they
discovered that neither of them had
been hurt—not even cut by the shat-
tered glass.

  Graw forced open a door of the
limousine and he and Agatha were out
on the road. There was another auto-
mobile there. It was easy to see that
it was upon this machine had fallen
the brunt of the accident.

  There was a simultaneous cry.
There was a woman in the road, un-
conscious, her face revealed in the
cold glare of an unbroken headlight.

  “ My mother! ” gasped Agatha.

  “ Great Lord! ” Graw moaned.

  Even then it was not so much the
fact that Mrs. Frail was there before
them injured—mortally, perhaps—
that filled him with dismay, as it was
the fact that the accident should have
occurred here, at such a time and such
a place. He felt the added horror of
imminent publicity and scandal.

  Agatha had stooped down, was
tearing off her gloves with some idea
of rendering effective aid.

  Graw had thrown a quick glance
about him in a first desperate hope of
salvation from some one, somewhere.

  Out of the chaos appeared a dark-
bearded stranger, hatless, both blood
and dust on his handsome face. With
a muttered exclamation which might
have been either prayer or curse, the
stranger had likewise discovered the
form of Mrs. Frail, had knelt down
beside her. Agatha had been brushed
aside.

  For a moment both she and Graw
were so surprised, so completely had
all their ordinary judgments been up-
set by what had just happened, that
they sought neither to protest nor ex-
plain, nor even demand an explana-
tion.

  The stranger had moved his hand
lightly over Mrs. Frail’s forehead,
had felt her wrist.

  “ Is she badly hurt ? ” asked Graw,
breathless.

  It-was as though the stranger had
not heard him.

  For a moment longer Graw and
Agatha continued to look at the group
in the road. Then Graw touched the
man on the shoulder.

  “ Tell me,” he commanded. “ Are
you a doctor? ”

  With a decided foreign accent the
stranger replied that he was not. A
moment later he had leaped to his
feet. Another automobile was coming
along. It happened to be a taxicab
with no one in it. There was a brief
parley.

  Graw and Agatha were still hover-
ing over Mrs. Frail when the stranger
returned. They themselves had scarce-
ly recovered from the shock j>f the
accident, were still incapable of effi-
cient action.

  It was otherwise with the stranger.
Without a word to them he lifted
Mrs. Frail in his arms.

  “ What are you going to do ? ”
“Where are you going?” Their
questions were simultaneous.

  The stranger threw them a quick
scowl. At first he seemed to be on
the point of refusing to answer, then
to have thought better of it.

  “ She’s hurt,” he answered bruskly.
“ I take her to a hospital.”

  His audacity so amazejl them that
he had taken several steps toward the
waiting taxi before either of them
thought to interfere.

  Agatha’s small hand gripped Graw’s
arm. He sprang forward.

   “ We’ll go with you,” he said at the
stranger’s shoulder.

  The man with the black beard
neither turned nor hesitated nor spoke
a word.

  Graw felt an instant rush of pan-
icky anger. He had caught one of the
victim’s limp hands in his.

  The stranger had turned with a mut-
tered curse of impatience.

  “ Let go,” he commanded.

  “ Who are you ? ” Graw asked.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

67

  “ None of your business.”

  The stranger had again turned.
They were almost at the side of the
waiting taxi. He was walking faster.

  Behind him Graw heard the small
voice of Agatha bidding him not to
let the stranger take her mother away.
He leaped forward as a horse leaps
at the jab of a rowel. A strong and
very eager hand had grabbed the
stranger’s collar at the instant peril
of further catastrophe.

  The stranger had already made a
move to put down his burden, to fight
off the intruder. There was murder-
ous rage in his face as he turned.

  Just then Graw received a welcome
reenforcement.

  “ Take care of mddame■—I take
care of heem! ”

  It was August, Graw’s chauffeur—
a most disordered and villainous-look-
ing August, with a cut over one eye,
capless, coat torn. But he carried a
wrench in his hand. There was no
question about his continued efficiency
so far as a fight was concerned.

  With a quick movement Graw had
passed his own arms about Mrs.
Frail’s body, just as that lady opened
her eyes.

  She, as well as Graw, perhaps, had
a confused glimpse of a grimy paw
seizing the black beard, of a whirling
wrench as the fight began.

  Then Graw had thrust Mrs. Frail
into the taxicab, had helped Agatha
in.

  He turned to give August a hand.
At first it was impossible; after that
it wasn’t necessary.

  The combatants were down. There
was a tremendous writhing of inter-
locked bodies, then August appeared
on top.

  He had dropped his wrench, but
both of his hands were engaged under
the black beard. '

  Graw bent over them. Close to his
August lifted an exultant face.

  " Moi, I triumph. You go—take
madame et mademoiselle. Other auto-
mobiles come—scandal! Go quick! ”

  It was sound advice. August was
right. There was no doubt about
that.

  Graw threw a quick look round him.
He saw the chauffeur of the stranger’s
car still sitting in the middle of the
road, where he had been thrown,
wholly absorbed in studying the state
of his own injuries. He could hear
other cars coming from the direction
of town. There would soon be help
for all concerned.

  A moment later he was in the taxi,
had slammed the door shut.

  Stimulant—a good, stiff drink!

  The driver of the taxi, was no doc-
tor, but he knew something about first
aid in matters of this kind. He had
swung his car round, had made a
quick dasli toward the road-house.
He was just on the edge of the
parking-space, and had taken note of
the extraordinary confusion there,
when a disfigured young man tottered
out of the disordered gloom directly in
his path.

  By the quickest sort of action he
was just able to avoid running over
him. Even as it was, he had to swing
his car round at the imminent risk of
an upset.

  The maneuver had brought the
youth to the taxicab door.

  Dazed, a good deal like one in a
delirium, he gazed in. It w£s Hugh
Frail.

CHAPTER XXXVIII.
the master-mind.

  There was a family reunion, not
only there and then in the taxicab,
but later on, in the damask seclusion
of Mrs. Frail’s boudoir. That lady
had refused to permit them to call a
physician. She had even refused to
risk herself again within the portals
of the road-house. A little nervous, a
little headachy—and that was all.

  She had given a not altogether con-
vincing version of her having been
kidnaped by the dark-bearded stranger.
68

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

She wasn’t sufficiently recovered yet
to master all the details of it—hand
on her heart, repeated use of her
sm«lling-salts, cm-de-cologne on her
temples.

  “ And Turga took you up. there ? ”
Graw asked, with his eyes on Mrs.
Frail.

  He himself had bruskly announced
the fact of his engagement to Agatha,
had assumed a seat in the family coun-
cil on the strength of it. The seat
happened to be a Louis XVI chair,
which appeared much too slender for
his robust weight.

  His blond hair made his face glow
with a bloom of health that was al-
most arrogant. He dominated the
situation.

  There had sprung into his heart and
mind something of that spirit which
had helped him to dominate Agatha
earlier in the day. The situation, as
he saw it, was analogous—a skittish
and factious family, if ever there was
one, in need of a strong and gentle
hand.

  “ My poor child,” sighed Mrs.
Frail, “ what a tone you take! ”

  “ I’m sure I don’t want to take a
tone,” he said, refusing to be put off.
“ But you’ll admit that it’s a bit thick
of him. Personally, I think that we
have seen quite enough of this Turga
person—we, all of us.”

  “ You mean? ” Mrs. Frail asked.

  “ I mean,” Graw answered stoutly,
“ that we’ve got to cut him out—you,
Agatha, Hugh, all of us.”

  He sat very straight. His neck
swelled out a little. His lower jaw
came out. His eyes met Mrs. Frail’s
unflinchingly.

  “ Count me in,” cried Agatha ea-
gerly.

  She had listened with passionate
interest to her brother’s own version
of how he himself had chastised
Turga. It had brought out all that she
possessed of sisterly tenderness, had
sent her over to the arm of his chair.
Hugh found it all highly flattering.

  There was a glitter in Agatha’s eyes.

The way that Turga had failed to keep
his appointment with her that after-
noon still rankled.

  “ I never. liked him,” she lied vin-
dictively. “ I never want to see him
again.”

  Unhesitatingly, Graw stalked over,
turned back her face and kissed her on
the lips.

  Mrs. Frail started up, unconcealed
admiration in her eyes and voice.

  “ Oh, what a czar! ” she cried.
“ Oh, what a master-mind!

  Graw kissed her also.

  A little later Agatha met her broth-
er in the hall, whither she had gone
to bid her new hero a more intimate
farewell. For the second time that
night she put her arms round Hugh’s
neck, kissed him with unaccustomed
affection.

  “ Oh, I’m so glad—so glad! ”

  Hugh was touched.

  There was really a whole untapped
lake of affection in the bottom of his
heart.

  “ I’m glad you’re glad, sissy,” he
said. “ Freddy will make a good hus-
band for you.”

  “ Oh, I didn’t mean about that,”
said Agatha. “ I mean I’m so glad
that you struck Turga.”

  “Struck him?” said Hugh. He let
his voice fall. “ Why, Agatha, I’m
afraid the son-of-a-gun got it even
worse than I intended. He got not
only what I handed him, but he was
also side-swiped by the mud-guard of
a passing auto.”

  Again Agatha kissed him in a trans-
port of grateful affection.

  Oh, dreadful night—dreadful and
yet delicious!

  Mrs. Frail, alone in her bedroom,
looked at herself in the mirror. She
was still beautiful—there was no
doubt about that—even now, with her
hair down and brushed back ready for
the night.

  She wondered that Sergius had not
also found her so. He must have—
to have acted like that. How hand-
some he was—handsome and brutal!
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

69

She bared one of her ivory arms and
contemplated a greenish bruise, again
smiled at her reflection, then shud-
dered.

  All sorts of complications might
result. What if the thing should get
into the papers—a vulgar riot in such
a place!

  She thought of Turga. She was
perfectly willing to uphold Graw’s ban
»—she had seen Turga smile at that out-
rageous painted person on the dancing-
floor. And thought of Turga, even
more than her adventure with Sergius,
recalled the family curse, the hideous
nightmare of the Frelinghuysen thaler.

  She shuddered slightly as she re-
called how the marked dollar had
burned her neck just there—she
touched the place—while she was
standing here in front of the mirror
as she was now; how she had hurled
it through the window, listened, but
could not hear it fall.

  It was an uncanny thing—that
winged dollar. She thanked some pa-
gan spirit of her superstitious youth
that she had got rid of it.

  Idly she drew open a drawer of
the dressing-table.

   She started back as though a viper
had been hidden there.

  Horror crept into her eyes. She
was rigid.

  She felt an impulse to flee, but
couldn’t.

  Lying there in the drawer—sinis-
ter, unmistakable, every mark and
scratch of it already engraved in her
brain—lay the coin itself.

CHAPTER XXXIX.

CHIVVERS MAKES A SUP.

  Mrs. Frail had recovered herself
sufficiently to light one of her favorite
Bosnian cigarettes. Now that the first
shock of the thing was past, she was
rather enjoying it. She still looked at
the dollar.

   Once or twice she had even put out
her tapering fingers to touch it, then

drawn back again. It wasn’t exactly
fear. Like a good many people who
believe in magic of one sort or an-
other, she was constantly on the out-
look for proof in support of that be-
lief. Here was such proof as even
she had never hoped to have.

  Finally she did touch the coin. It
was there. It didn’t disappear at her
touch like a ghost.

  Finally she picked it up, but she
kept it in front of her. She didn’t
want to give it another chance to burn
her. She studied it for a long time,
recalling again all that she knew of its
history and of the history of other
thalers.

  The thing did carry bad luck 'with
it—did carry a curse. Ready made,
she had an explanation now for every-
thing which that day had befallen her
and hers. Then her eyes narrowed
slightly, her nostrils distended. It
was the Marquise de Brinvilliers
which was uppermost in her nature.

  Under stress of her new inspiration
she pawed about in one drawer after
another until she discovered a small
box just large enough to contain the
dollar. Going over to her writing-
desk, she made a package of it, sealed
it carefully, and addressed it to Count
Carlos Turga.

  She jumped as her finger touched
the hot wax and her heart pounded
with a quicker pulsation.

  The maid, Gabrielle, had not yet
undressed, though her mistress had
dismissed her for the night some time
previously. Her eyebrows arched
when the bell summoned her; she
murmured a Gallic sacre something or
other; but she was all smiles when she
appeared in the doorway.

  “ Sorry, Gabrielle,” said the former
Princess Viatka, “ but here is some-
thing which must be mailed to-night.”

  “ Old, madame! ”

  “ Without fail.”

  “ Oni, madame! ”

  “ And I’ll give you—give you—
this.”

  Mrs. Frail had found a ring orna-
70

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

merited with a single pearl, which she
knew her maid had long admired.

   “ Ah, que madame est gentille, qii’
elle est genereuse! ”

   With the odd little package in her
"hand, but with all the fervor of her
coquettish heart centered on her new
ring, Gabrielle a minute later in the
servants’ hall collided with the digni-
fied, not to say portly, frame of Mr.
William Chivvers. That gentleman,
being off duty and at peace with the
world, playfully caught her by the
arms. “ Oh, oh, oh! ” he chuckled.
“You almost run me down.”

   The soft resilience of Gabrielle’s
round arms was grateful to his touch.
Still holding her, he beamed down at
her benignantly.

  “ And where might you be going,
my pretty maid? ” he wanted to know.

   “ Ah, M. Sheevair,” cried Gabrielle,
 “ sink — a pacquet to put in the post
 encore to-night! ”

   Mr. Chivvers disengaged one of his
pleasantly occupied hands, gravely
took the package, and slipping it into
his coat-tail pocket, again resumed his
hold and his benignant smile.

   “ Give me,” Gabrielle pleaded. “ I
muss.”

   Chivvers slowly shook his head.

   “ No, little girl,” he said, with per-
 fect gentleness, “ you must not. I’ll
 mail the package. You have some-
 thing else to do.”

  “ Oh, M. Sheevair, you make me
fear! ”

   “ Not ’arf,” said Chivvers, appre-
ciating the joke. “ Yes, little girl,
there is something else which you ’ave
got to do.”

   “ Somesing terreeble ? ”

   “ No doubt, no doubt; and that’s to
come along with me and drink a glass
of wine.”

   Chivvers glanced quickly over his
shoulder. The coast was clear. Ga-
brielle was willing. And why not,
pray ?

   He gallantly sealed the invitation
with a chaste kiss on Gabrielle’s beau-
tifully arched right eyebrow.

  With Gabrielle on his arm and his
coat - tails swinging with a certain
majesty — there was no hint that a
dollar with a curse on it might have
found there its temporary resting-
place—he passed on down the hallway.

CHAPTER XL.

A BREAK FOR LIBERTY.

  Hugh Frail hadn’t exaggerated
the extent of the misfortune that had
befallen Turga in that encounter of
theirs. It is true that things other-
wise were not precisely as reported.
In response to Turga’s blow Frail had
struck back — blindly, wildly. And
then, as Turga side - stepped, he had
been bowled over by a passing auto-
mobile.

  Bruised, dusty, and with that sick-
ness at heart which many persons feel
when they have been subjected to
physical violence of any kind, not
knowing what had become of the
other actors in the nocturnal drama—
and, moreover, not caring—he made
his way painfully along a certain foot-
path he remembered down the wooded
cliff to the road below.

  Not far away he could see the light-
ed fagade of a saloon. It wasn’t drink
that he wanted — he had had quite
enough of that — but there he knew
that he could receive other attentions
—a brush-up and a wash most likely.

  A street-car without many passen-
gers in it carried him back to town.
He completed the journey in a taxi-
cab.

  He was in a frightful humor. Be-
fore he had so much as undressed
himself he had discharged the insup-
portable Swiss. The man left grum-
blingly. Turga had the final satisfac-
tion of narrowly missing the valet’s
head with a shoe.

  Left alone, he gingerly crawled into
his bath. There was one especially
ugly bruise on his side that caused
him exquisite torture. In some unac-
countable way, moreover, the skin had
THE HAUNTED LEG'ACY.

71

been scratched from one side of his'
face. He felt very old, very decrepit,
disgusted with the world—all of these
things and something more. He felt
frightened.

  He had been mauled by a heavy
hand. As he looked back on the care-
free insolence of the morning it all
seemed incredible. So blithely had he
started out to see Agatha! The day
had ended so differently from what
he had foreseen!

  It struck him with a chill to think
of the way that he had gone, in spite
of himself, to the hotel where he had
met Mrs. Frail, instead of to the res-
taurant whither he had intended to go.

  Why had he done it ? He didn’t
know. It was that which frightened
him.

  With a gleam of satisfaction he
thought of the unread letter he had
received from Elin Carstairs. Vague-
ly he remembered that the tone of it
was comforting, endearing. He need-
ed something like that, Heaven knew!

  He looked for it everywhere — in
drawer after drawer, under the bed,
under the pillow — adding the exas-
peration of a fruitless search to the
already heavy burden of his over-
wrought nerves.

  He wished now that he hadn't dis-
charged the valet. That he had sim-
ply murdered him instead. He
thought with passionate regret what
joy would have befcn his in feel-
ing the fellow’s ignoble throat in the
grip of his fingers.

  No use, the letter was not to be
found. It gave him an added pang.
Even this consolation was denied him.
He felt isolated, alone—alone save for
this invisible presence, this, hand he
could not see which was crushing him
into ways that he would not go; that
was leading him on to destruction.

  An ivory-handled razor came under
his touch as he opened the'bath-room
cabinet. He picked it up with a feel-
ing of fearful joy. There was always
a way out.

  He held the thing in his hand—let

his eyes turn from the polished blade
to the blue veins in his wrist, then
back again. It would be painless—■
swift—lethal—a cut just there.

 He could even keep his arm in
warm water while it lasted. He could
almost forget what he had done—for-
get everything except that the wide
doors were swinging open for him to
go through.

  But even as he desired the thing,
felt the first glow of anticipation, the
hand that held the razor lifted it back
to its place in the cabinet. He resist-
ed. It was as though his will were
not. A force greater than any will
of his commanded every muscle.

  Still disobedient to that will of his,
the hand reached out and closed the
cabinet door.

  Turga passed a sleepless night. In
the early dawn he went out into the
streets again. There was one other
hope of salvation which he had not
forgotten.

  He mingled with the serried crowds
coming up from the East Side for
their day’s work. But it seemed to
him that their faces and bearing were
not what they were that other time
when he had moved along with them.
He felt that he was being stared at
curiously; that he was an interloper.

  They had rested through the night
from a day’s work; had accumulated
strength for other labor.'' He had
neither labored nor rested nor had
work to do. On his face and in his
walk was the ignominy of a common
brawl. No wonder they looked at
him!

  He paused at last before a flaming
placard advertising a certain steam-
ship-line to Europe. He stared at it
a long time, not even daring to for-
mulate his thought — fearful lest the
invisible presence crush out this new
hope. But this was the thing that he
would do.

  Keeping his thoughts away from the
project as much as possible, he daw-
dled long over a breakfast in a quiet
72

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

restaurant, went to his banker’s as
soon as the place was open, arranged
to have his funds sent to him in Paris.

  There was a steamer .sailing that
same day—with a short passenger-list
at this time of the year. Turga en-
gaged a stateroom.

  He felt as a fugitive from justice
must feel when doing that—with the
strong, invisible hand outstretched,
ready to drag him back. Was it all
a delusion? He dared not answer.

  A full two hours ahead of sailing-
time Turga was on the steamer. He
was in a state of dreadful expectancy
—of mingled hope and fear. At first
he walked the deck. But as the crowds
increased he locked himself in his
stateroom.

  It was as though each moment were
his last. He tried to read, tried not
to look at his watch. He threw him-
self on his berth with a sob.

  Through the great fabric of the
ship had run a tremor — there had
come the mighty wail of the siren.

  The ship was leaving its dock.

CHAPTER XLI.

IN THE SADDLE.

  The two members of the firm of
Graw & Graw smiled with perfect
comprehension at each other across
the mahogany desk of the senior part-
ner. Graw, senior, resembled his son
—large, fair, with only a few silver
strands in his exceedingly well-trained
mustache.

  “ Well, well, Freddy, so you’ve
done gone and done it ? ”

  “ Sure have, dad,” said Frederic,
trying to appear nonchalant.

  “ Satisfied that you’re right? ”

  “ Absolutely satisfied—if you are.”
The elder Graw smiled “slightly, but
his face was grave.

  “ You and I have known the Frails
for a long time, son,” he said. “ I
don’t imagine that there is anything I
can tell you which you don’t already
know.”

  He paused, shot a brief look of in-
quiry at Frederic before ostensibly
fixing his attention on the end of a
cigar.

  “ You mean about that curse busi-
ness ? ”

  “ That, and—”

  “ I know that the Frail finances are
not all that they might be, if that’s
what you mean,” Freddy averred.
“ But of course that doesn’t make any
difference.”

  “ I’m glad to hear you say it, Fred.
As for the curse, it may be tommyrot;
and again it may not be— Agatha’s
father and I were pretty good friends,
you know, and I think you’ll agree
with me that the family has had rather
more than its share of regrettable in-
cidents. But that is neither here nor
there. There is hardly a great or near-
great family in the United States, in
the world, except ours ” — he punc-
tuated the claim with another smile—
“ that hasn’t got not only one skeleton
in the closet, but several.

  “ We can’t dodge such things. No
one but a fool or a cad would try to.
Don’t run away from a curse—grab
ahold of it. That’s what I say, and
that’s what you’re doing. God bless
you!

  “ Now as to the Frail finances —
they’re all that you suggest, and possi-
bly a trifle more so. Schloss Freling-
huysen has gone by the board. The
family lawyer over there — that Dr.
Melnik who came here recently, poor
devil, and was killed—Heaven knows
by whom—seems to have got things
in a very bad^mess.

  “ Not only that, but the American
holdings are not in the best of shape
—too much Latin-America; too much
shaky finance in this country, re-
ceivers, and all that sort of thing.
They’ve squandered a lot of capital
otherwise—particularly Hugh. Notes,
notes, notes—gambling debts, I take
it; a pot of money sunk in their Cherry
Hills place.

  “ There is something else. We’ll
just mention it now, Fred, then pass it
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

73

up. But, you see, I won’t be here for-
ever, and I feel as though I ought to
get it off my chest.”

  Mr. Graw and his son looked into
each other’s eyes for a moment.

  “ Agatha is an admirable girl; I have
no doubt of it. But her mother—if
Mrs. Frail continues to run round with
this young Turga—you know.”

  Over the younger man’s face there
had crept an extra shade of pink, but
he smiled manfully.

  “ I got you dad,” he said softly.

  For an interval he struggled for
speech, hesitated, smiled again like an
awkward boy.

  “ Go on,” said the father kindly.

  “ I’ve fought it all out, dad,” said
Frederic—“fought it all out; and I
admit that it sort of had me guessing
for a while. But I will grab ahold
of this darned old curse of the Frails;
I will earn enough money for Agatha
and her folks—even if she hasn’t got
a cent of her own; and I will take
them all in hand. Why, darn it, I’ve
begun already. I’m in the saddle now,
and if the darned filly tries to bolt—”
“ Are you referring to your bride-
elect?”

  “ Er—no. I was referring to—”
He was interrupted by the ringing
of his father's private telephone. The
elder Graw reached for the instru-
ment, listened a moment, then handed
it over to his son.

  “ They’ve evidently begun to de-
pend on you already,” he said. “ I’ll
be back in a minute.”

  With exquisite diplomacy he left the
junior partner of the firm alone.

  Graw knew instinctively from the
moment that he had taken the instru-
ment in his hand that some sort of
serious news awaited him. It was
Agatha’s voice that thrilled out the
news.

  “ Chivvers is in the hospital. He
wants to see you.”

  “ How’d he get there—sick? ”

  “ An accident in the street—we’ve
just learned where he was. We don’t
know the details.”

  “ Was he drunk ? ”

  “ It couldn’t have been that. We’re
in such a state—mother and I. We
know that it is something terrible and
mysterious. And he wants to see
you.”

  Young Graw was hanging up the
receiver as his father strolled in.

  “ Chivvers in the hospital,” Fred-
eric explained. “ The family ghost
again. I’m going to get busy.”

CHAPTER XLII.

THE HORNS OF THE BULL.

  He found the dutiful Chivvers in-
stalled in a private room of the big
hospital to which he had been sent
when picked up the night before, after
the street-car had struck him. The
butler had a broken leg and a few
bruises, but he was doing very nicely,
sir, and sorry to inconvenience you.-

  “ Why, you old sport,” said young
Mr. Graw heartily, “ the only thing
that surprises me was that you didn’t
get it long ago—running round the
way you do.”

  Chivvers smiled dutifully, but it was
quite apparent that he had not asked
his young mistress to get Graw to come
to see him for just mere idle chat.

   “ There is something back of all this,
sir,” said Chivvers, after giving a pre-
liminary sketch of his accident. “ There
is something back of it all. As you
are to become a member of the family
—and a mighty great joy it is to me
to know it, sir—thank you kindly ”—
Graw had shaken hands with Chivvers
on the strength of the declaration—
“ I thought it was only proper for
me to speak to you about it, you being
rather more serious like than Mr.
Hugh.”

  Chivvers composed himself to the
labors of composition. It was quite
evident that he had a story to tell.

  “ I’ll begin at the beginning,” he
said.

  “ And when was that? ”

  “ The beginning of what brought
74

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

me here was, you might say, the first
time that I ever looked at Gabrielle.”
“ I got you there, all right, Chiv-
vers—'a darned fine girl; Mrs. Frail
thinks the world of her.”

  “ And perfectly respectable,” said
Chivvers profoundly, “ even if she is
French.”

  “ A fine, honest woman,” said Graw.
“ Her honesty was the beginning of
it,” Chivvers replied.

  “ Hold oh, Chivvers; now you’ve
got two beginnings.”

  “ Simultaneous, although at differ-
ent times,” Chivvers explained. “ But
Gabrielle was doing Mrs. Frail’s bed-
room the other day—you know, Mrs.
Frail would never let any one else muss
round with her private affairs—and
Gabrielle was arranging the curtains
like, when she finds a piece of money
lying on the floor. She notices at once
that it isn’t an ordinary piece of
change—rather a keepsake like.

  “This being so, Gabrielle doesn’t
hand the coin back as she might ordi-
narily have done; nor yet does she put
it back into Mrs. Frail’s purse—Mrs.
Frail never carrying a piece of change
that big. She says it’s too heavy and
makes her feel uncomfortable—says
that it spoils the fit of her gown or
her bag and makes blue spots where it
bangs against it; you know, sir, Mrs.
Frail was born a princess—a princess
of the blood.”

  “ And then, what ? Don’t mind if I
smoke, do you?”

  “ Why, bless me, sir.”

  Chivvers made a move as though
he would have gladly got the matches
off the mantelpiece for his guest, then
relinquished the idea with a sigh.

  “ And then,” he resumed his story,
“ Gabrielle—a fine girl she is, sir—puts
the coin into a drawer where Mrs. Frail
keeps a lot of trinkets like. And Ga-
brielle hears nothing more, about it
until last night. Nor do I, until—

  “ Until—”

  “ Well, you see, I was closing up the
house for the night when Gabrielle
she comes to me and asks me if I

knew where she could buy a postage
stamp, saying as how Mrs. Frail had
just given her a package for to mail.
Not liking to see her go out into the
streets at that late hour, and none of
the other servants being on duty, I
offered to do the errand. And here I
am.”

  “It’s darned interesting,” said Graw,
“ but I don’t quite get you.”

  Chivvers had merely taken time to
catch his breath. His face had sud-
denly taken on something of dramatic
seriousness. When he spoke again his
voice was intense. He was less of
the servant, more of the man.

  “ Did you ever hear tell of the Fre-
linghuysen thaler—the winged dollar
of the Frails?”

  “ Yes,”

  “ Open the drawer of the little table
at your side.”

  Graw did so. What he saw was a
broken pasteboard box—-the wrapping
had disappeared in the course of the
accident.

  “ Do you see it ? ”

  The young man pushed back the
crushed and broken cover. He picked
up the thing—a worn dollar with a
peculiar emblem scratched on it—a
rough cross with winglike projections
on the extremities of the arms.

  He examined it in silence. He
wasn’t quite sure, but it seemed to him
that there was something familiar
about it. Then he remembered—it
was a coin like this which had passed
from Count Carlos Turga to Hugh
Frail weeks ago at the checkers. It
was the night that Hugh had almost
killed himself on his wild ride to
Cherry Hills.

  “ So this is it! ” he murmured half
aloud.

  “ Yes, sir—that is it—the thaler of
the Frelinghuysens—the dollar of the
Frails—the family curse—the curse of
all who possess it.”

  With his eyes on the old servant’s
face, a slight smile on his^ lips, Graw
calmly thrust the coin into his pocket.
“ Oh, don’t do that, sir.”
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

75

  “ Why not?”

  “ Look at me—here in the hospital.
Look at the family! I have been with
them so many years—have seen so
many things—death and destruction—•
tears. Oh, oh, oh, what tears have
been shed in the family, sir!”

  Graw laughed—a trifle forced—but
he laughed.

  “ I’m strong,” he said. “ I won’t
run away from the bull, Chivvers.
I’ll grab it by the horns.”

  “ Ah, but the horns of the bull are
long and sharp,” said Chivvers. “ Not
the horns of the bull, sir, but the
devil’s own.”

  Nobody denies that there is such a
thing as coincidence in the affairs of
men—whether they carry about with
them charms unlucky or otherwise.
Graw still had the coin in his pocket
an hour or so later as he returned to
his office.

  He was going to show it to his
father, ask his advice, find out all
about the thing. Vanity, vanity—the
vanity of human intentions!

  As he entered the outer office, Mr.
Purcell, the head clerk, hurried for-
ward with a face stamped deep with
anguish.

  “ I’ve been trying to get you,” he
faltered.

  “ What’s the matter? ”

  Purcell gently pushed Graw back
into the outer hall, following after.

  “ Oh, Fred,” he blurted, “ hurry
home. Your father has had an
attack.”

CHAPTER XLIII.

"FOR better or for—”

  Graw kept the dollar.

   It was even in his pocket that sleety,
gray and boisterous day of his father’s
funeral. All the time that the choir
was singing and the preacher was de-
livering his feeling little'discourse, he
sat there in the front pew with the
fingers of his right hand toying with
that smooth, silver disk.

  He had grown immeasurably older
and stronger—so he felt. Certain
nebulous principles of his youth had
all of a sudden solidified into a life
philosophy, as real, almost as tangible
—it seemed—as this emblem of some-
thing else that he would not relinquish.

  There was no such thing as a curse
nor a ghost—no such thing, even, as
bad luck.

  He was sure of it. He would stick
it out. He would fight for his belief
no less grimly than a certain ancestor
of his had fought for some earlier
tenet; even if, like his ancestor, he had
to go to the stake.

  That last conversation that he had
had with his father he regarded as a
sort of moral testament. He had
passed his word in a way and had re-
ceived the paternal O. K.

  Before the winter had softened into
spring he was carrying his unwritten
plan of campaign into execution. He
had entered more and more deeply into
the counsels of the Frails. In a way
they had shared his mourning.

  Chivvers, walking with a limp, but
otherwise fully recovered, still urged
him whenever opportunity offered to
get rid of the coin, still adhered to the
belief that nothing but evil could come
of it. In a way the old servant’s fears
seemed to be on the verge of realiza-
tion.

  It is true that the family had ac-
quired a new sense of calm and
strength that it had never before ex-
perienced. There were fewer nerves,
fewer escapades, fewer breaches of the
domestic peace.

  But the financial situation was going
from bad to worse, in spite of Graw’s
utmost efforts. He was taking advan-
tage of the comparative firmness of
the market to save what remained by
judicious reinvestment. But he was
appalled at times by the quantity and
quality of the securities that had found
lodgment in the Frail deposit-vault.

  On the other hand, his own affairs
were moving along in a way that could
not have been better. It was as though
76

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

• S

all the thought and devotion which he
was bringing to the interests of others
reacted on his own.

  He sat alone in his office one night
after almost every one else had gone.
He sat in his father’s chair at his
father’s desk, that shiny coin of ill-
omen before him on the blotting-pad.

  The place had fallen very silent.
Hardly any sound reached him even
from the street.

  It was almost as though his father
were there, keeping him company, tell-
ing him that he was fighting a good
fight, to keep on the way he was going,
never to weaken.

  Purcell opened the door and whis-
pered :

  “ A young lady to see you, sir.”

  Graw started up.

  Before he could speak Agatha had
come into the room. She came for-
ward, srttiling, yet slightly pale. The
discreet Purcell had already closed the
door. Graw caught Agatha in his
arms, pressed her lithe and supple
form close to his. It was the first time
that she had ever come to see him at
the office like that. He was profound-
ly touched.

  “ Agatha, my little sweetheart! ”

  “ Hello, Fred! Are you mad at
me?”

 “Mad?”

  He kissed her — that appealing to
him, no doubt, as the most forceful
form of negation.

  “ But I couldn’t help it,” said Aga-
tha. “ I’ve been so blue! I’ve felt all
day—o-oh! What a terrible day it
has been!—as though that old Freling-
huysen ghost was poking me with his
icy fingers.”

  Graw laughed, drew her down be-
side him onto the arm of his father’s
chair. She looked at the coin, that he
had left lying on the writing-pad, shiv-
ered, drew back. He reached over
and covered it with his hand.

  “ I wish you’d get rid of it,” she
whispered.

  “ Nonsense! ” he replied.

  “ Oh, but it isn’t nonsense. You

ought- to know that' it isn’t.” Her lips
quivered. “ I’ve been thinking about
all the horrible things in the family
history all afternoon.”

  Graw strengthened just a little his
hold about her waist.

   “ I’ll fight your old ghost,” he said.
“ But you can’t—no man, however
brave, can fight a ghost. And I’m
afraid—afraid—”

   She quavered into silence.

  Graw waited for her to continue,
but she didn’t complete whatever it was
she had started to say. Again that si-
lence which he had remarked a little
while before settled down over the
place. Again it was as though his fa-
ther were there.

  “ And what if there is a Freling-
huysen ghost—a ghost of the Frails?”
he said. “ There are other ghosts,
Agatha. Grant that the world is full
of ghosts. It is true, perhaps. I’ll
grant it, even—this old ghost of yours
and others like it. But all ghosts are
not bad, Agatha. There are good
ghosts, just as there are good people in
the world. Listen! ”

  They sat there again in silence. It
was getting late. The working-day,
for the lower part of town at least,
was over. No sound reached them
even from the street.

  “ Listen to what ? ” she whispered.
  “ Can’t you hear it? ”

  He also was whispering. They
were like two little children sitting
there, palpitant, expectant — waiting
for they knew not what.

   Purcell, in the outer office, walked
slowly forward and back, not liking to
interfere and yet not liking to go away
for the night without some word. He
was tremendously fond of his old
employer's son—his employer now,
though young Graw, unbeknown to
the head clerk, had already given or-
ders that the firm sign be changed to
that of “ Graw & Purcell.”

  His measured footsteps.sent through
the office a faint, recurrent echo.

  “You frighten me. Hear what?”
Agatha whispered again.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

77

  “ When I’m here alone — as now,
alone with you, Agatha, which is the
same thing, for we are the same per-
son, aren’t we?—it is as though my
father’s spirit had returned to keep me
company, to give me, counsel, to make
me wise and good. I can even feel
the touch of his hand, almost; hear
him as he goes about the old, familiar
tasks.”

  He had been speaking very softly,
and as his voice cadenced into silence
Agatha put her cool hand on his
farther temple, pressed his head
against her face.

  “ I know — I hear it, too,” she
breathed.

  There crept again into the silence
of the place that ghostly, recurrent
echo of a footfall.

  “ Good ghosts and bad,” Graw re-
peated. “ It is true, what you said
just now about no man being able to
fight a ghost, Agatha dear. But the
good ghosts are on the side of the
right. They’ll fight for us. Just see
if they don’t. That is, if you’ll stop
putting it off, will marry me right
away.”

  “ I want to,” said Agatha, with her
face still pressed against his head. “ I
want to, but I love you too much.
I’m afraid—afraid that the ghost will
prove too strong.”

  “ Blit I know a stronger ghost—a
good one, Agatha dear,” he replied.
“ You’ll marry me to-night—to-night,
over in Jersey? ”

  “ Yes,” she breathed.

  Graw raised his voice. It was al-
most ringing.

  “ And this being so,” he exclaimed,
with his eyes on vacancy, “ you’ll
help us, won’t you, O my father?”

  The room was dusky, for only the
table-lamp—and that heavily shaded
—had been lit.

  And as Graw’s odd question rever-
berated through the room they heard
a voice, friendly, masculine, and with
a quality of affection in it, speak the
single word:

  “ Yes!”

  Purcell had heard what he took to
be a summons, had come up to the
front office to say good night.

CHAPTER XLIV.

SPRING SONG.

  Even after the drifting snow had
made the roads in and about Cherry
Hills all but impassable Hugh Frail
had clung to the place. All that he
possessed of a moral nature had been
plowed and harrowed by the influ-
ences set to work that night he had his
fight with Turga.

  He was no fool—at least, not per-
manently — and he was fully aware
how close an escape not only he, but
the other members of his family, had
had from public scandal and disgrace.
Cherry Hills was a grateful retreat—
so tonic not only in its thousand acres
of woods and meadows, of half-wild
trails and splendid avenues, but also
in its thousand memories of health
and happiness, most of which were
associated now with Elin Carstairs.

  Turga had disappeared. He knew
that. It was a matter of general com-
ment. But whither and why no one
knew.

  For a while young Frail had been
haunted by the real fear that Turga
had been dangerously hurt. For a
while, as he mooned and brooded
about the broad expanses of Cherry
Hills, he half expected arrest.

  But as the days passed—uneventful,
unchanging, save in their constantly
increasing freight of health and con-
tentment—he recovered his nerve, be-
gan to take a saner look at things.

  One day he encountered Dr. Car-
stairs, and the old gentleman greeted
him with such simple cordiality that
Frail was charmed.

  “ Why, Frail,” said the doctor,
you’re looking great—brown as a nut,
eyes clear.”

  “ It wouldn’t mean anything if I
were to tell you that, doctor; that’s
the way you always look.”
78

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I understood that you were again a
neighbor of ours,” the doctor went
on. “ I was half tempted to come over
and see you—professionally, at any
rate.”

  Frail mumbled something that
might have been an invitation. The
doctor had said “ ours.” The pro-
noun had filled him with trepidation,
almost unexpected, certainly disquiet-
ing.

  The doctor threw him a sidelong
glance.

  “ It isn’t good for a fellow to stick
round too much by himself, you
know,” he said, “ even in a place like
Cherry Hills.”

  The advice encouraged Frail to ask
a question which had been trembling
on his lips.

  “ And Miss Carstairs — how is
she?”

  “ Oh, Elin’s just the same—a regu-
lar Indian.”

  “ To tell the truth,” laughed Frail,
“ I’ve been wanting her advice more
than I did yours. We’ve let Mr.
Hardy go — one forester and land-
scape gardener was all that the place
required.”

  “ And the other was—”

  “ Myself.”

  “ Come along and have a cup of
tea,” said the doctor. “ Elin’s always
ready with advice of that kind.”

  But Frail found an entirely differ-
ent Elin from the one that he had
hoped for and imagined. Perfectly
gracious, hospitable, but, oh, so dis-
tant, so distraught! And before he
himself had risen to go she had ex-
cused herself, to appear no more.

  Another month went by—for Frail
a month of loneliness and brooding,
despite the health and appetite that
this new life of his compelled. Then,
one day the sun shone with almost
forgotten warmth. The air was filled
with the music of a hundred rills and
freshets. Up from the steaming earth
came all the perfumes of all the flow-
ers that were to bloom a little later on.

  Into the heart of Hugh Frail came

such a mighty unrest as he had never
known before.

  He had risen early, eaten a simple
breakfast—but such a breakfast as he
had never eaten in the old days—then
started out for a walk through the
woods.

  There was still plenty of snow
about in the sunless places. But al-
most everywhere he looked was some
hint of impatient life—tender, green,
swelling buds, shoals of minnows in
unsuspected runlets. And there, where
some small wild thing had but recent-
ly scraped the leaves away from the
black earth, was a spray of arbutus.

  He picked a single blossom. Some
unsuspected strain of poetry deep in
his nature caused him to press it to
his lips—dainty, fragrant, sweet—
there was something almost feminine
about it.

  He heard a light, firm, deerlike step
and looked up guiltily. Before him, not
a dozen yards away, stood Elin Car-
stairs.

  She tried to maintain something of
that same attitude which had been hers
the last time they had seen each other.
At first he did not smile any more
than did she. They were ever so po-
lite—polite and dull. The two things
often go together.

  “ I just found some arbutus,” he
said at last, having exhausted such
themes as the weather, the state of
the trees, the possibilities of an early
spring.

  He held out his single blossom. As
she took it her fingers touched his
palm. Could it be possible that they
had lingered there for just a fraction
of a second longer than was neces-
sary?

  Frail glanced up guiltily—as though
fearful that she had surprised some se-
cret thought of his. Their eyes met.
There was no possible reason—"but she
colored slightly, a look almost of dis-
tress flashed into her blue eyes, a fem-
inine reflection of the look that- had
come into his gray ones.

  It was incomprehensible; but as
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

79

Frail smiled his smile brought two
full-sized tears into Elin’s eyes—just
as though that early spring that they
had been talking about had given birth
to one more freshet.

  “ Elin!”

  Elin was also smiling, but two other
tears followed the first one.

  “ Elin! ” Frail thrilled.

  There had surged up within him all
the mighty unrest that he had felt a
little while before. But now it was
otherwise. He was savage. In his
heart was tumult, the lust of battle
strangely mingled with the infinite ten-
derness of perfect joy.

  “ What are you crying about ? ” he
demanded.

  “ I’m not crying.” Elin tossed her
head.

  “ What do you mean by treating me
like a dog? ”

  His brutality was half playful—the
strong in the presence of the weak.

 “ You—you—”

  Elin Carstairs was one of those in-
nocent and fearless natures who al-
ways tried to speak the truth, even at
the cost of self-inflicted pain.

 “You ran away—walked away—■
one day when I was coming in your di-
rection.”

  Frail might have denied a greater
charge or a lesser one, but this thrust
was too direct to be parjied except by
a similar blow. He wanted to say
something about Turga — sought for
the words, hesitated, could not find
them.

  “ I know I did. I know I did—” he
began; “ because you deceived — be-
cause you led me on—made me feel—”

  He was thinking so intensely about
his own past sufferings that a momen-
tary rage drove out all other senti-
ments.

  He was still groping for words as
Elin Carstairs turned, started to walk
away.

  “Elin!” he cried. “Stop!”

  She paid no heed, took two more

StC“ Stop, I tell you! ”

  He had leaped to her side, obedient
to a single blind impulse to keep her
near him, not to let her escape again.
He had seized her arm.

  There were both fear and amaze-
ment, as well as flaming anger, in her
face as she turned. He had released
his hold almost instantly.

  For a moment they had looked at
each other, tense, silent.

  “ Don’t you leave me like that,”
Hugh said in a voice that was little
more than a whisper. “ I won’t let
you. I need you. I love you. I won’t
live without you. I’ll die. I’ll commit
suicide. I’ll commit murder. There’s
nothing hideous in the world that I
won’t do. You know my family. I’ll
show you.”

  He would have said more, but in
the face of the girl in front of him he
saw all anger fade, all fear and amaze-
ment, until there was nothing left but
a sort of childlike, almost pathetic,
distress.

  It smote him with pity. His own
fury went out of him utterly, left
nothing there but a welling desire to
cherish and protect.

  “ Ah, no I won’t,” he said softly.
“ I’ll never do anything that’ll cause
you pain.”

  Her head drooped until it rested on
his shoulder, for he had moved very
close to her and she hadn’t drawn
back.

CHAPTER XLV.

THE LONG ARM.

  Spring in Paris, also. A wonderful
season with every chestnut-tree in
bloom, the parks gay and fragrant with
their million flower-beds, the Bois de
Boulogne a dream of beauty—sweet
With the smell of blossoming locust
and its acres of clipped lawn. An at-
mosphere of tender blue that dissolved
the palaces and temples along the Seine
into a dream of paradise. Sprightly
girls, beautiful women, good-natured
flaneurs, rich and poor; ten thousand
80

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cafes, each more attractive than the
last.

  All this, and yet Count Carlos Turga
was not happy.

  Into his young veins also had crept
the inexplicable unrest of the season,
the desire, the call to romantic adven-
ture.

  He had sought amusement, forget-
fulness, a new interest in life, and had
not found them. When he had first
set foot on shore at Havre he had
sworn never to return to America
again. Now every fiber of his being
was commanding him with growing
insistence to turn back once more to
New York, to seek out those whom
he had left behind him.

  He argued with himself, at first, that
here alone was peace and safety. But
how long did the arguments of peace
and safety ever curb the spirit of youth ?

  He had no eyes for the other wom-
en whom he met. Every dreamy or
sparkling eye that met his own—gray,
blue or brown—he compared with the
eyes of those who absorbed his
thought, Elin Carstairs and Agatha
Frail. No lips smiled at him but that
he wished that it was the lip of either
of these. He saw no silken, curling
tresses on the back of a graceful neck
without thinking how infinitely more
attractive was that same aspect of
Agatha, of Elin.

  For, like many young men of his
age, Turga was not altogether single
in his devotion. Not yet was his
mute worship of these two fair mem-
ories altogether equal. At times it
was Agatha. At times it was Elin.
At times the spirit of his loneliness
sent up a swooning incense which was
a sort of composite of all that both
of them might have meant to him.

  He was sitting, one afternoon, on
the terrace of the Restaurant de la
Cascade, chewing the cud of his bit-
terness in solitary state. Behind him,
a gipsy orchestra zinged and droned
through the wild harmonies of an un-
written score, when out of the swift
moving harmonies there came a hint of

that weird chant which he had first
heard on the night of his twenty-first
birthday, which he had heard again on
that other night when he and Agatha
Frail had gone forth to find Paulo; and
which, ever since then, had somehow
become a part of the \vcu and the
woof of his complex nature.

  He didn’t turn. He didn’t move,
except for the long inhalation of* the
cigarette he was smoking, a slight
trembling of his thin fingers.

  But that slight suggestion of the in-
visible world in which he moved and
had his being meant as much to him
as a new blur of light in the focus
of an astronomer’s telescope—the con-
firmation of a belief, the realization of
a long-standing condition. There was
no escape.

  It was no mere heart-appeal that was
dragging him westward again. It was
something greater than that. Heart-
appeals he had experienced before, to
greater or lesser extent, and had never
had the least difficulty in resisting
them. But here was that greater, more
terrible force of the invisible hand
which had gripped him about and held
him.

  It was the invisible hand and the
long arm. What was the Atlantic,
what was the length and breadth of
the whole earth, of the universe even,
compared to the reach of Fate?

  Carriages and motors glittered past
on the neighboring driveway. The
waters of the cascade glistened and
leaped and roared. Leaves nodded and
whispered in the soft breeze. The
gipsy orchestra soared and swooped
and soared again.

  But Turga heard none of these
things, saw none of these things. He
was all alone in the silence — a gray
silence shot now and then with the
crimson phantasmagoria of memory.

  With a sudden impulse, he leaped to
his feet, paid his reckoning, caused his
carriage to be called.

  Still in that nightmare of aloofness,
of isolation he drove back to his hotel.

  He saw the people and things that
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

81

he passed, but they were not real;
they did not belong to the same world.
In that world of'his there was a soli-
tary inhabitant and this was he. There
was a solitary power—a solitary pri-
mal cause—and this was the invisible
hand, the invisible hand of the long
arm.

  “ I am going back to America.”

  It was his own voice speaking to
the clerk of the hotel, but even as he
listened to this voice delivering the
message he was struck by the silliness
of it, the silly futility.

  Of course he was going back to
America. He could not do otherwise.
He might as well have proclaimed the
rising and the setting of the sun, the
swing of the stars through the heav-
ens at night, the eternal march of the
material universe. He also was in his
orbit. What will of his could change
his direction, could change the ulti-
mate period of dissolution?

  Now that he no longer resisted, he
found that he was strangely happy.
He was serene. He looked back on his
recent rebellion against compelling
Fate as a petty thing—irritant, painful,
and unnecessary withal.

  Those who saw him on the steamer
marveled. Few handsomer young men
had any one ever seen—so dark, so
dreamy, so tragic ; long-fringed eyes, a
cheek that was apt to pale and glow
like that of a girl, and yet, for all that,
a sort of leonine strength and virility
dominating overwhelmingly and ex-
cluding any suggestion of feminine
weakness.

  He made no acquaintances, ac-
knowledged no friends. He kept him-
self apart. He might have been the
young Napoleon on the sands of Egypt
confronting the millennial sphinx.

  The ship came up with the eastern
shore in the late night with the serried
constellation of Coney Island spark-
ling low on the horizon.

Alone, as usual, leaning on the rail
of the deserted deck, Turga looked and
looked. There were lights, gay and
scintillant, to be sure, but, great God!
6 S

how small and dim they were com-
pared to the vast darkness and mystery
of the night.

  And there, somewhere beyond the
purple-black curtain which shut him
in, lay the thing from which he had
fled, the thing to which he returned.

CHAPTER XLVI.

NIGHTINGALE AND VAMPIRE.

   The first disappointment that await-
ed him was when he sought out the new
home of his old servant Paulo. He
had looked forward with such pleasure
to meeting him! Here, at least, was
some one of whose affection he was
sure. He felt that he needed affection.
He had thought it all out. He would
adopt Paulo and his bride, the former
Mme. Zidek — that blond giantess,
Maria, as well—if only they would in
turn adopt him.

  Now that he was again back in the
only country in the world that he felt
he could call his own, he had recovered,
to a certain extent, his courage and
his faith.

  This was no extraordinary phenom-
enon, he told himself. Each year
Mother Columbia received into her
broad bosom so many lonely children
—men like himself who had no other
mother, who were children in the night,
frightened and forlorn. How many
myths of terror had disappeared in the
welcome of her strong arms; how
much of terror and of loneliness had
been banished in the safe asylum of
her protection!

   But, when he came to the little base-
ment-restaurant where he had last seen
his old friend and servant, the place
was deserted. The privet-bushes were
withered and dead, the windows were
dusty, a padlock was on the door.

  Without hope, he made a few in-
quiries among the neighbors. He
learned that the late tenants of the
restaurant had long since moved away,
had left no address—had gone back to
the old country, so they thought.
82

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  As Turga paused for a last look
through the grimy windows he seemed
to hear again the old musician—

  “ But this is the end of the fatal
      span—”

  He whiled away the morning hours
as best he could, sought gaiety and
found it not. He drove through the
park, went wherever there was some
promise of crowds, of diversion. No
use. Oh, to get away from him-
self.

   After that first check to his hopes in
the morning when he had failed to find
Paulo, he determined to put off until
the afternoon any further effort to re-
alize his more intimate ambitions—that
is to say, to find something of the
old solace and excitement and, who
knows, perhaps something more, in the
society of Agatha Frail.

  He was obsessed with a growing
fear that she also would be absent from
town, that something would have hap-
pened to her. Yet, when he drove
past the Frail mansion, it was evident
that the family was in residence. The
windows were open, the shades were
up, he even had a glance of some
fresh flowers in one • of the upper
chambers.

  He managed, somehow, to get
through luncheon. He ate, though he
knew not what he ate, nor had he any
appetite. He had even sought the
old fictitious courage of a once-loved
cocktail. It might as well have been
a glass of insipid water.

  It was about three o’clock when he
finally summoned a taxi and gave the
address which had so long been throb-
bing in his mind. Had he been going
to keep an appointment for his own
execution he could not have been more
abnormally expectant.

  He knew that something was wrong,
and yet he refused to permit himself to
think about it. He essayed to hold
himself with the thought that, after
all, he was but a molecule on the Wheel
of Chance, that nothing could happen
to him; but the thought, wherein he

had found a sort of static contentment
before, gave him no contentment now.

  Aye! Aye! The invisible hand was
upon him. The long arm had reached
out across the ocean and had brought
him back. There was only one thing
in the world that he wanted, after all,
and that was some one to break this
cursed loneliness, some one to share,
if needs be, his besetting fate.

  He was immaculately attired, as was
his custom. Many of the people whom
he passed turned to look. But, even
as he felt their eyes upon him, he was
still the thing apart. It was not he
that they saw—merely the outward
semblance. He himself was as invisi-
ble as a ghost in the sunshine, as the
mythical vampire in the flush of dawn.

  The machine had stopped. Across
the sidewalk lay the steps his feet had
so often pressed before. Up there,
deep in the shadowy arch, was the
door through which he had so often
passed.

  His hand had pressed the ivory but-
ton. The door swung open and he
saw the face of the Frail butler—
familiar, yet unfamiliar.

  “ There is no one at home, sir.”

  “ No one home—they are out of
town ? ”

  “ There is no one at home, sir.”

  The door closed. The expected had
fallen. For a moment Turga stood
there bereft of the power of thought
or movement. He still held his card
in his gloved fingers.

  “ Get ye gone! This no place for
you. To you—there is no one at
home.”

  He was back in the motor. Some-
thing in that handsome, dark, young
face had caused the chauffeur to drive
slowly on without so much as asking
where next.

   Where next, indeed ?

  Finally the chauffeur glanced back
with something of sympathy in his
deep-graven mask.

   Turga gave the address of his apart-
ment. There, at least, he would be
safe from the scrutiny of his fellow
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

83

men. Even the loneliness of physical
isolation would be better than the lone-
liness of strange, peering eyes. There
also—he whispered it even to his own
heart for fear that that other pres-
ence would hear and understand—
there also was a certain cabinet, and
in the cabinet an ivory-handled razor.
Perhaps, this time—this time—

  The thought gave him consolation.

  But there was another sort of con-
solation awaiting him there. It was
a consolation that filled him at once
with grief and joy. Some accident
of his restlessness had caused him to
move an ormolu clock on the mantel-
piece of his room.

  He saw a piece of white paper under
it. Ordinarily, he would have passed
it by with a mental resolve to criti-
cise the housekeeper, or some thing
like that; but his restlessness caused
him to pull it forth. There was not
only one sheet, but several.

  For a while he glanced at it vague-
ly, wonderingly, then gave a little gasp
which was almost a sob.

  It was the long-forgotten letter
from Elin Carstairs.

  He saw an endearing word, caught a
phrase of sympathy. Tears came to
his eyes. He could read no more
just then.

 And he had forgotten it—had
thrown it aside!

  The nightingale has sung to the
vampire! An angel of high Heaven
had wept for Satan!

CHAPTER XLVII.

A SONG AND A CURSE.

  Now, who is there in the world who
can tell the way of a maid with a
man? Who is there who can meas-
ure the dynamics of a love-letter?

  A marvelous thing, that letter of
Elin Carstairs; so marvelous and so
sacred that none should harbor the
impious wish to share with that fool
valet his sacrilege. The veil of mys-
tery shall conceal it forever more.

  Besides, there are other love-letters
in the world—oh, many of them—•
written without the aid of logicians,
unsullied by the withering breath of
caution—yet, masterpieces all.

  Turga gloated over it all afternoon
—a starving man who had found, not
a crust but a banquet table, a parched
mariner cast up on the golden Hes-
perides.

  He lay about his apartment all the
remainder of the afternoon in a state
bordering on prayer. Not once did he
let the letter leave his hand. He read
it time and again.

  Here was assurance such as he had
never dreamed of, or hoped for, that
he was not alone. He had sent up his
petition for some one—for some one!
And the petition had been granted.

  There was no lessening of his melan-
choly. If anything, that was even
more profound than ever. But it had
become in some way sacred—a sacred
element had come into it. Even to
his sinister blazon there was another
side. It didn’t seem to him to be pos-
sible that any girl in the world could
express such tenderness, such conse-
cration, such fine hope, and ever again
be anything different from what she
here portrayed herself.

  The sun was sinking in a splendrous
riot of gold and crimson beyond the
Pallisades when he again fared forth.
The very wealth of color in the sky
had its effect on his own colorful and
exotic temperament.

  Hitherto the day, though fair, had
been somewhat too ethereal. After
all, he was of the earth. He was the
young animal in quest of the good
things that the earth, and the earth
alone, had to yield.

  Before those gorgeous colors, like
triumphant banners, had faded from
the west he had crossed the Hudson
and started for the home of the girl
who had written to him. He would
have departed long ere that—for his
heart was leaping with eagerness—■
only he had dared not arrive too early.

  It would be better to arrive a little
84

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

late, well after dinner, when the peace
of night had fallen and when, most
likely, he would find Elin alone.

  He had told the chauffeur to take
his time. Quietly they rolled through
scented woodlands, and again out into
open spaces where on the heavy breeze
there came hints of the tide rushing
up from the sea to greet Father Hud-
son.

  While they were still a full hundred
yards from the Carstairs home he bade
the chauffeur to stop; got down, went
ahead on foot. There was something
deliciously romantic and mysterious
about it.

  Out here in the country it seemed
already so late. He found himself in
the feel of the night, and it gave him
the old atavistic thrill that almost all
men experience at such a time, in such
a place, on such an occasion.

  His heart was beating fast. His
breath was short. He paused and lis-
tened. Through the damp and fragrant
silence he had caught the notes of a
piano—a minor chord, complex, sweet,
soft, with something about it of the
eternal lu/e and magic of a young
girl’s heart.

  Before he had time to measure the
full beauty of it he had heard some-
thing else even more transcendent—so
it seemed to him, standing there so
high-strung, so melancholy, and yet so
glad. It was the voice of Elin Car-
stairs singing—the one voice in the
world his heart most hungered for—a
love-song, some old serenade.

  He crept forward as stealthily as an
Indian, fearful lest he break the charm.

  There was no danger of it. The
song soared on—always with the
haunting accompaniment of minor
chords. In a way it expressed, as
nothing else could have expressed, the
full significance of the present hour—
so full of sadness, yearning, and prom-
ise.

  He opened the gate and quietly made
his way up the path. He was pos-
sessed with a tremendous desire to
gloat a little, to enjoy her physical

presence in secret, even as he had al-
ready enjoyed her heavenly voice.

  No one was on the porch. The win-
dows were open, the soft curtains
slowly billowing in and out as though
translating the music of the song into
the terms of some mystic dance. Ev-
ery now and then he could catch a
fleeting glimpse of the interior—each
time it gave him an expectant thrill.

  But he was just outside of one of
the windows before he could see the
singer—a bit of white dress, the in-
finitely softer whiteness of a slender
forearm, a graceful neck surmounted
by a mass of spun-gold, and then a
lifted chin, a swelling throat. Oh,
great god Pan! He had forgotten
how beautiful she was!

  He leaned a little farther forward.
He saw that somebody was standing
at her side.

  It was Hugh Frail.

  The song ended. But the chin went
higher. Through a blur—for there
had fallen upon him a sort of suffo-
cating fog — he saw their two faces
meet, merge into one.

CHAPTER XLVIII.

TURGA MEETS A FRIEND.

  He stumbled back along the path
to the gate, careless of noise, his feet
as unsteady as those of a drunken man.
At the gate he paused — a hand 011
either post, reeling mentally, clinging
there as though he were afraid that he
would fall.

  Until this last blow had fallen upon
him he had nourished in the back of
his head some vague idea that he was
the avenger, the instrument of retri-
bution by which others would be made
to feel the working out of ultimate
justice. Now the truth could 110
longer be evaded or denied. Instru-
ment he remained, perhaps; but he was
likewise the victim. He it was who
would be gibbeted—hanged in infamy
on this thing of his own making.

  Along the fence there came a shad-
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.;

85

owy figure. At first Turga thought
vaguely that it was his chauffeur. But
even his confused senses soon told him
that he was wrong.

  In the dim light he could see that
the approaching stranger had on the
garb of a laborer. The man came
closer. They were face to face, very
close to one another.

  Then Turga recognized him. It was
that dark-eyed man with whom he had
had the fight, the man from whom he
had wrung the secret of Paulo’s ad-
dress.

  If the man still bore him malice he
showed it in no other way than by a
sardonic smile.

  “ Hello, my brother,” he said,
speaking the dialect they had used on
that other occasion. “ You have come
back to us.”

  Turga’s reply was expressed almost
inaudibly.

  “ Yes.”

  For a time they stood there looking
at each other—the laborer with some-
thing of a sinister grin on his face,
yet touched with sympathy; Turga,
still gazing dull-eyed, struggling for
comprehension.

  “ Come with me,” the stranger said.

  “ My chauffeur,” Turga whispered
drunkenly.

  Said the man: “You won’t need him
any more.”

  There was something symbolic in
the statement—it was both threat and
promise. Turga didn't care. Nothing
mattered any more. He closed the
gate.

  “ We’ll go and tell him.”

  They went back along the road to
where the automobile was waiting.
The chauffeur was hunched down in
his seat, dozing. There are always
those who doze through comedy and
tragedy alike.

  “ I shall not need you any more,”
said Turga.

  The man started up witn a look of
surprise. Turga handed over a thin
pad of bills he had drawn from his
pocket. The chauffeur was still exam-

ining these — joy gradually dawning
through his stupefaction — as they
turned and left him.

  Back along the road they went, past
the Carstairs home. Silence had fallen
upon it, but the house still peered at
them through the black trees from its
lighted windows, as though it, too,
were stupefied at what was taking
place. They turned into a narrow
lane which separated the property from
the "Cherry Hills estate. They had
proceeded along this for some hundred
yards when Turga paused.

“Where are we going?” he asked.
It was the question of one who stirs
in his sleep—the unresisting curiosity
of a man who finds himself an actor in
some fateful dream.

  “To our camp—the camp of the
brotherhood — back where the other
Cave-Dwellers are awaiting us.”

  “ The old woman—is she there ? ”

  “ Grandmother is dead,” said the
man. “ She told us to be expecting
you. She said that Fate would bring
you to us without our looking for you.
Those were her last words. And here
you are.”

  “ And here I am,” Turga answered.
“ And now what is to be done ? ”

  “ We have been working on that
cursed lake. That is what has to do
with the plan of things. Now, I sup-
pose, that you are here, we’ll under-
stand why.”

  Silence again descended upon them.
Nor yet for a while did they move.

  Turga was making no effort to re-
sist, to turn back, to assert any volition
of his own. Destiny, the invisible
hand, gripped him about as close, as
soft, as unescapable, as the atmosphere.
It was merely a moment of reflection,
of contemplation.

  Out from the soft, black ocean of
the night there came a fresh ripple of
music — Elin Carstairs’s cool, slim
hand on the piano—the hand he would
never touch again. The music tinkled
on—like the sad gaiety of fluttering
handkerchiefs for the outward-bound.
“ Let us go where it has been set
86

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

for us to go,” said Turga, with a new
note of solemnity in his voice.

  Together they passed on into the
night.

CHAPTER XLIX.

DREAM-STUPF AND SHADOWS.

  Though Chivvers had thrown an
added meaning into that statement of
his to Turga, that nobody was at home,
he had spoken the simple truth. They
were all out at Cherry Hills. There
was to be a wedding out there. The
new lake was nearing completion.
There was to be a family festival. No
greater gaiety prevailed at Versailles
on the eve of the French Revolution.

  Frederic Graw and Agatha were
happily married. Their happiness was
just about perfect. The rebellious
spirit of the bride chafed not under the
strong hand of the new lord and mas-
ter, for the hand, with all its strength,
was very gentle. Into her life had
come the first hint of law and order.
She found it surprisingly grateful.

  As for Graw, he had that other joy
of a strong man who bends his strength
to a congenial labor.

  His own affairs were moving along
with perfect success. The new firm of
Graw & Purcell was by way of be-
coming a power in the Street.

  Even the former Princess Viatka,
widow of the late Horace Frail, had
come into a new bequest of happiness
—of happiness very different from
that of the others, but happiness still.
For Mrs. Frail delighted in change,
and change there most certainly was—
not only change, but a sort of fearful
expectancy.

  She contemplated the things that
were going on about her with an in-
terest which was almost impersonal.
Like many complex natures of her
kind, she was gifted with an intuition
which at times bordered on divination.
And she knew that in some way these
changes concerned her least of all.

She had given herself over to dream-

ing more than usual. It was about the
only activity that remained to her with
which her new son-in-law could not find
fault. She felt his domination and
recognized the nature of it without be-
ing told.

  She no longer even smoked in public.
Gone forever were her more or less
innocent flirtations with callow youth
—callow, that is, and otherwise.

  But her dreams—ah, that was dif-
ferent !

  Again she flirted and danced
through Europe. A hundred old in-
trigues, forgotten until now, came
again to enliven her somnolence.

  She recalled again the fiery court-
ship of Horace Frail. Dieu! How
handsome he was—how handsome and
wild! When he had caught her in his
arms that night on the terrace of Monte
Carlo! When he had half killed the
Austrian attache! What a wonderful
and fitting climax it was when they
had brought him home to Schloss Fre-
linghuysen at last with a rapier wound
through his unruly heart!

  But, most of all, she thought of
Sergius. That was more recent, more
real, and, best of all, so filled with
promise! More and more she con-
fessed that here was her expectancy.

  Sergius also was handsome, also was
wild, also was—the thrill of it returned
to her—also brutal.

  She knew, moreover, that Sergius
was in some way connected with those
legendary Cave-Dwellers who had al-
ways haunted the mountains adjacent
to the Frelinghuysen estate in Bohe-
mia; that down from the Middle Ages
these nameless folk had carried on
their feud with the nobler line. It
gave to Sergius just that needed ele-
ment of mystery to make him wholly
fascinating.

  And even so, there was a sound ma-
terial basis for these wild vagaries.
There would soon be little left in
America to keep her there. Graw was
rapidly shearing the family of the ro-
mantic peril that had made it so much
worth while.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

87

  Negotiations were practically com-
plete now for the sale of the great
town house and all that it contained.
Before very long on the place where it
stood there would rise another sort of
palace—one of those new department-
stores so luxurious in everything ex-
cept shadowy tradition.

  As for Hugh Frail, he had appar-
ently once more answered the old
question as to whether a youth who
was wholly bad can suddenly become
wholly good.

  From that night when he had so
nearly been the cause of Turga’s death
he had been transformed — a gradual
process, of course, but rapid enough
and dating from that time.

  What the love he bore for out-of-
doors had begun his love for Elin Car-
stairs had completed. Besides, he had
absorbed something of that new, sane,
practical philosophy that Frederic
Graw had drawn from his father—the
strong man who doesn’t run away
from a ghost, but grabs hold of it, the
old philosophy of the horns of the bull
or the horns of the devil.

  The date of the wedding was draw-
ing near. In a way it was to be a date
doubly notable—made so not only by
the nuptials, but by the inauguration of
the new lake. Everything was prepar-
ing to this end. There were to be
illuminations, a choral festival, a ball.
After a manner, the whole world was
to be advised that the house of Frail,
once the house of Frelinghuysen, was
to enter upon a new era.

  They were working day and night
to get the new lake completed. There
was no water in it yet. That was to
be a part of the celebration—when a
final blast was to be shot that would
throw up the last mass of granite and
let the waters rush in from the little
river that wound its way through the
estate.

  More than a hundred workmen—■
dark, r&d-flanneled — were laboring
there at high speed.

  Often in the pleasant, tepid after-
noons Agatha or her mother, or some

guest of theirs — there were many
guests—would stroll out onto the bal-
ustraded terrace of the great house and
look out across the new moat at the
toilers there.

  A good many of these pick-and-
shovel men were Bohemians. Some-
times there came to the watchers frag-
ments of coarse jests and songs in the
language of the Czechs; they would
feel the flash of burning dark eyes up-
on them.

  It never failed to give both Agatha
and her mother some slight thrill as of
other times — almost as though still
hovering near was that historic curse
which otherwise they had almost come
to forget.

  It was that way one afternoon, with
the wedding only a few days off.

  A dark-eyed workman was chanting
to the slow cadence of his rising and
falling mattock. Now and then his
fellows joined him in a humming mon-
otone.

  The music was very strange. There
was something uncanny about it.
Agatha strove to remember. It
seemed to her that she had heard it
before.

  Momentarily the green trees, the
teeming activity, disappeared: She
had a vision of the old man playing the
hurdy-gurdy, the basement restaurant
where they had found Paulo — they,
she and Turga.

CHAPTER L.

SILK AND RED FLANNEL.

  Even a mind less subtle than that
of Agatha’s might have sensed the ele-
ments of tragedy about the place. All
the flowers from the Cherry Hills gar-
dens and hothouses could not have
made the old house otherwise than
grim.	-

  The laughter of the guests echoed
still in comers haunted by dark mem-
ories. The music of the orchestra
brought up from New York could not
quite submerge that half-heard refrain
88

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

from the pick-and-shovel men in the
unfinished lake.

  Everywhere, all the time, hovered
some vague hint of impending conflict
•—the hosts of light and the hosts of
darkness arrayed for the Armageddon
of the Frails.

  On one side were the Frails and
their guests. The younger element
predominated. Chaperonage existed in
name rather than fact. There were too
many opportunities for flirtation to
render any system of close guardian-
ship possible—mile upon mile of shaded
avenues, of footpaths and bridle-paths,
acres of secluded woods, of meadows
and gardens.

  The broad terrace had become a
summer camp of red-and-white striped
umbrellas and tea-tables — tea-tables
by courtesy, for anything that anybody
could possibly desire in the way of re-
freshment could be served there—and
here, every afternoon and evening*, the
orchestra went into alternate swoons
and frenzies—the music of Vienna and
Buenos Aires.

  The Gorot twins, famous for their
beauty, were up from New Orleans—
blue-eyed, dark-haired, languid, and
graceful, marvelous dancers, consum-
mately versed in every art that ever
rendered a woman dangerous.

  Tante Therese — also dangerous in
her day, but now given to the milder
dissipations of tobacco, absinth, and
bridge—kept her conscience clear by
forbidding them to do everything that
they wanted to do, well knowing that
they would do it anyway.

  Colonel von Steinmetz, of the Aus-
trian cavalry, was there—head like an
Easter egg, bandy legs, yet one of the
most fascinating men, if not the wick-
edest, who ever came out of Europe;
a galaxy of the younger set from New
York, married and unmarried, who
had found it worth while to cut other
arrangements for this royal good time
—the Goodwoods, still undivorced,
though notoriously free; the Van
Trines, the Kents, the Willoughbys, an
attache or two from Washington.

  Other guests were dropping in and
out again by motor and coach.

  The tired business man of the
Cherry Hills lodge had wept and plead-
ed until Downs, the overseer, had given
him one of the undergardeners as an
assistant.

  The great iron gates rolled open and
shut by day and by night.

  The standing army of maids and va-
lets, of grooms and butlers, gained in
gold what they lost in avoirdupois.

  Chivvers, still walking with a limp
—a general wounded in service—was
in supreme command. Yet he, like
Agatha, like Mrs. Frail—like others
there, perhaps—could hear at times,
through the whirling cadences of the
imported orchestra, the perpetual mur-
mur of laughter and light speech, that
deeper note of the workmen engaged
on the new lake, the droning chant
which rose like an audible memory of
the past, a constant reminder of im-
pending danger, subtle, haunting,
ghostlike.

  It was strange that most of the toil-
ing laborers in the new lake were Bo-
hemians—a single clan, according to
all appearances — swarthy, dark-eyed,
sinister.

  Among themselves they spoke the
dialect of the Piesen Hills—a dialect
spoken in the region of Schloss Fre-
linghuysen.

  They were being driven hard, for
their work would have to be finished
on the wedding-day. Yet, labor as
they would, their dark eyes would still
roll up to the undulent grace of the
Gorot twins, of Agatha or Elin, or the
other young maids and matrons there,
and linger hungrily.

  While they sweated and talked soft-
ly and brokenly among themselves, as
is the way with those who* work in the
earth, they could hear the music, the
chat, and laughter from the great
house; could see the graceful,-whirling
forms of the dancers.

  And late at night, when silence had
submerged their own camp and the sur-
rounding country, they could hear the
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

89

fine wail of violin and cello, the rhyth-
mic throb of the piano; the darkness,
off there across the park, would be
softened by the glow of many lights.

  Silk and red flannel — the contrast
was too sharp, too unrelieved, too con-
stant.

  Both Mr. Downs, the overseer, and
the contractor in charge of the work
were secretly worried. There had
been signs of rebellion. It was too late
now to change.

  But these clansmen were strong,
avid, half-wild. They were toiling
hard for a pittance. Golden fruit—
everything their savage hearts could
desire—was dangling there overhead,
in reach—for those who were daring.

CHAPTER LI.

THE ultimate BLAST.

  Only that one ridge of granite re-
mained—a natural dam between the
river and the new lake. That blown
away, and the water would rush into
the new bed that had been prepared for
it, not only in the lake itself, but into
the moat as well.

  It was almost a monolith, that .re-
maining isthmus, and the miners had
already honeycombed it and filled it
with giant powder for the ultimate
blast. The wires had been laid, the
battery was in place. One touch of the
lever and the rock would be shattered
into a million pieces.

  As a matter of precaution, the bat-
tery had been installed in one of the
drawing-rooms, for the shot was to be
fired by the bride-elect, and those re-
bellious workmen were capable of set-
ting off the explosion at the wrong
time.

  “ It would be no joke,” said Stein-
metz, with a ferocious grin, “ if that
mine goes off while a few of our
friends are walking over it.”

  “ It is dangerous,” said Graw
bravely.

  “ So why not shoot it now ? ” the
Austrian cavalryman wanted to know.

  “ Sentiment,” Graw answered.
“ This is to be the last shot in a long
war, colonel.”

  “ I do not understand.”

  “ It’s intended to lay forever the
family ghost—you know, the ghost of
the Frelinghuysens and the Frails.
There always has been one, but we’ve
got it on the jump. The marriage of
Hugh with Miss Carstairs will chase
the ghost out of the house, if anything
will. We shoot up this rock, the wa-
ters rush into the lake and the moat—
we’ve kept the ghost out forever aft-
erward. You know the old tradition
about ghosts and running waters.”

  “ Might it be so,” the colonel re-
joined. “ But I’d keep watch—be care-
ful.”

  “ Were doing that,” said Graw.
“ And there is only one more day,
colonel—the wedding, then the blast.”
“ You believe in ghosts? ”

  Graw drew the winged dollar from
his pocket, looked down at it for a mo-
ment meditatively.

  “ Believe in them, my dear colonel,
and defy them. Still, I shall be glad
when all of these infernal wild men
are off the place, when this infernal
blast is shot, when the water’s in the
infernal moat.”

  They looked out of the open win-
dow in the direction of the granite
ridge—that small, slumbering volcano
which was destined to have such a mo-
mentous place in the history of the
Frails.

  From the front of the house there
came the swooning rhythm of the or-
chestra. From an adjacent corner of
the new lake a group of dark-eyed
workmen sent up a counter melody,
weird and suggestive of things other-
wise inexpressible.

  One of the Gorot girls, swinging
along as light as a zephyr and as grace-
ful as a flower, passed along the path
that bordered the moat, at the side of
young Bob Willoughby.

  Graw and Steinmetz saw the work-
men payse, look up, follow the girl
with their eyes.
90

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Steinmetz snorted, let his eyes drift
again to the almost military mine that
had been laid in the granite monolith.

  “ There are ghosts and ghosts,” he
Said.

  “ Meaning—”

  “ Meaning,” the army officer replied,
“ that our mine out there might be
useful to blow up two-legged ghosts as
well as the kind which don’t use legs
any more.”

  Graw was thoughtful. He hesitated
to convey to a guest any private fears
he himself may have entertained. Yet
with Steinmetz it was different.

  “ I don’t mind telling you,” he said
at last, “ that there might be occasion
for something of the kind. Both
Downs, the overseer, and Ferguson,
the contractor, have told me that these
men have been getting ugly — that
they’ll bear watching.”

  The colonel emitted a fierce chuckle.
“ I’d hate to spoil the wedding,” he
said; “ but I love a fight. We occupy
the strategic position. An attack, we
set off the mine, we shoot a few, we
drown a few—”

  Both men turned sharply. The
former Princes Viatka had drawn near
unperceived.

  ‘ Oh, you dear, dear man,” she
sighed. “ Drown, shoot, everything
delightful! ”

  They laughed and strolled back to-
ward the front of the house.

  Just under the window where they
been talking a laborer straightened up
from some task or other. He glanced
up at the window with eyes scintillant,
a flash of white teeth.

  “ O-ho,” he breathed softly.

  He glanced round him. He was un-
observed. Just overhead, suspended
from the casement on one side and on
the other by a pole beyond the moat,
was the insulated wire leading from
the battery to the granite ridge. He
looked at this wire fondly, meditative-
ly. Again he cast his eyes about him,
made sure that he was unobserved.

  By a roundabout course he made his
way to a grassy knoll, close to the rock,

fwhere the wire took contact with the
earth.

  He drew out a heavy clasp-knife.
  Fuitive, watchful, he cut the wire in

two.

CHAPTER LII.

LOWERING SKIES.

  The night had fallen velvet dark.
Some presage of storm—perhaps it
was a subtler intuition still—had
caused Chivvers to order the gay para-
phernalia of the terrace to be carried
indoors while the guests were still at
dinner. Some other sort of storm than
the one promised by the oppressive at-
mosphere and the lowering sky seemed
imminent.

  Every one felt it. Neither the best
of wine nor the best of music could
quite drive the impression away.

  As s^gatha came out on the terrace
after dinner, she noticed a sort of ex-
pectant hush—such as one notices in
the lapse of a familiar sound. At
first she didn’t know why it was. She
peered out into the opaque obscurity
with a little shiver. There was nothing
there—only darkness and the faint,
dim, tremulous souvenir of that song
she had heard.

Frederic came out and slipped his
arm about her. Then she remembered.

  “ Why aren’t they working to-
night?” she asked. “Are they all
through ? ”

  “ All through,” Graw answered.
“ All except blowing up the rock.”

  “ I’m glad—those workmen scared
me. Have they gone away ? ”

  He paused before answering, pon-
dering on things that he was loath to
tell her.

  “ Why do you pause? Oh, I feel
as though something terrible were go-
ing to happen. Tell me—what is it ? ”
“ There has been trouble,” he said
unwillingly. “ A fight—a strike—”
He paused. He had almost said too
much. But he was not to escape like
that.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

91

  “ And a murder ? ” Agatha whis-
pered.

  “ I declare, Agatha,” said Graw,
“ you’re positively uncanny at times.”

  “ I felt it,” Agatha replied. “ I felt
it in the night—and from the way you
spoke.”

  “ It’s nothing to worry your head
about,” he assured her, as he bent and
kissed her temple.

  As though to give him the lie a dark
form clambered out of the night. It
was Downs, the overseer of the estate.
He.started to speak, looked awkward-
ly from Graw to Agatha, then back
again. It was evident that he had been
running.

  Agatha was the first to speak.

  “ What is it?”

  “ Nothing, ma’am,” Downs an-
swered. He was losing no time on
civility. He turned to Graw. “ I’d
like to see you, sir.”

  Mrs. Frail and Elin Carstairs had
also come out on the terrace, Hugh
Frail following close afterward.

  The former Princess Viatka made
her bare shoulders tremble with a little
“Bur-r-r!” For a moment she stood
very straight with her head up as
though sensing all that lay beyond- her
range of vision. Then again that
“ Bur-r-r! ”

  “ Oh, how I love a night like this,”
she whispered, more to herself than to
any one else. “ What dreadful things
might happen! ” She turned to Elin
Carstairs. “ And you never, never feel
frightened here in the country at
night ? ’’

  “ Never,” Elin replied, with a ca-
ress of both voice and hand. “ The
day and night are not so different,
except that possibly the day is the more
beautiful.”

  The former Princess Viatka again
sent her interest out into the sable
darkness. It was quite apparent that
she never, never would understand this
future daughter-in-law of hers.

  Out there in the night there lay such
magnificent possibilities. She thought
of Sergius, of Turga—of Turga, odd-

ly, most of all; of him and the family
curse.

  It was very strange — undoubtedly
strange; and it proved so wonderfully
those secret beliefs of hers. Had she
not sent Turga that winged dollar, and
had he not thereupon completely dis-
appeared She marveled over it, now
for the hundredth time.

  For, quite unbeknown to any one
else, she had been at some pains to
locate Turga. He had interested her.

He would have gone far to mitigate
this new loneliness of hers. But he had
disappeared. She had mailed him the
dollar that night, and lo! the very next
day he was gone.

  She had made secret inquiry at his
apartment, had asked indirectly at the
clubs as he was wont to frequent. All
in vain. This was magic.

  Oh, if something dreadful should
happen—now, to-night, something to
break this submerging monotony!

  She started. Faintly, far away, she
had heard a whistle. It came to her
like the signal of a ghost—of a ghost
of her youth. Some one had whistled
like that years ago—she could not re-
member who, nor just when.

  Silence had fallen upon the little
group. Behind them reared the solemn
grandeur of the old house — itself
merging into night, save for those few
lighted windows. After all, there had
been something in that ancient curse.

If it could only have given tongue
to the stories of what had happened
there! Tragedy and tears—as Chiv- *
vers had said.

  Even the buoyant nature of Elin
Carstairs had fallen under the moment-
ary spell. She also knew many things
not altogether engulfed in the past—
a whole series of events which stood
out pale and ghostly, like the stone
pilasters of the balustrade.

  “Where is Fred?” asked Frail.

  Agatha didn’t answer. She was still
under the influence of what she had
felt, of what he had told her, of the
sudden advent of Mr. Downs with his
message of mystery.
92

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Her mother turned to her and spoke
softly.

  “ Does he still insist that all super-
stitions are foolish ? ” she asked, curi-
ously.

  Agatha laughed uneasily. They had
kept their secret—she and her husband
•—but some impulse moved her to tell
it now.

  “To such an extent,” she answered,
“ that he even insists on carrying with
him—”

 “What?”

  There was no mistaking the delicious
thrill of anticipation in Mrs. Frail’s
question. Her native quality of intui-
tion was somehow never so keen.

  “Where is Fred?” Frail repeated.

  Mother aud sister still ignored him.
They had very much in common, dif-
ferent though they were in many re-
spects.

  “ What—not the —”

  “ Yes, he has it—the thaler—Chiv-
vers gave it to him. It was the day his
father died.”

  Agatha whispered her answer in a
tremulous voice.

  Other members of the party saun-
tered out of the house into the grateful
darkness—the beautiful Gorot twins,
herded close by Steinmetz and an at-
tache mixing French and German, the
Goodwood’s undivorced but severely
apart, Bob Willoughby and Aubrey van
Trine—but the darkness swallowed
them, the silence absorbed their voices.

  Even the music of the orchestra
sounded faint and far away—a minor
wail with something about it suggest-
ive, at least to one member of the fam-
ily group, of the fantastic witchery
of a hurdy-gurdy.

  “ Where is Fred? ” Frail asked once
more in exasperation.

  Both Agatha and her mother turned
with sudden realization of what the
question might mean. They stood there
looking at each other palpitant, not
knowing what to say.

  Suddenly, the great silence which en-
veloped the park was broken by a med-
ley of voices—the voices of men in

hot altercation. They strained their
ears to hear.

  There came a shot, a howl of rage
and pain.

CHAPTER LIII.

t

the camp of the brethren.

  The band of Bohemians who had
been employed in pushing the new lake
along toward completion had pitched
their camp in a rocky grove just be-
yond the iron fence that encircled the
estate. They preferred to live that
way.

  It was but a continuation of the half-
wild life they had left behind them in
their native hills. They were more at
home like that, for rocks are rocks, the
trees are trees the world over. The
same sky was their canopy. The same
breezes whispered the same secrets of
the pagan gods whom their ancestors
had worshipped.

  It was the old witch who had se-
lected the camp-site. It was she who,
in some inscrutable way, had secured
them their present employment.

  They asked no question. They were
as much the children of destiny as
were the grasses and the flowers. It
was almost as though they had no in-
dividual souls—that one soul was
enough for all of them as one soul
might be enough for a pack of wolves.

  But for some time now even the
dullest of them had felt the imminence
of some change. There had come
among them, greeted them as brothers
and sisters, a black-bearded stranger by
the name of Sergius. His coming had
been foretold. They made him wel-
come in their barbaric camp.

  It was to this camp that Turga came
in the night. Him also they greeted
not only as brother, but as something
more. The grandmother had babbled
much about him before she died. They
did not understand it all, but they knew
that he was of the hierarchy—in some
way in league with their pagan deities.
And he was their brother.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

93

  They had made him welcome with a
sort of fearful joviality. There were
men and women—a tribe—the same
people whom he had seen that night of
the Witches’ Sabbath in the old Frail
warehouse—the one that had been
burned.

  They asked him no questions, nor
did he ask any. As it had been at the
Carstairs gate, so it was now. There
was no occasion for questions. They
were all as those who understood.

  Upon them all was the invisible hand;
but he, Turga, was the elect—the bride-
groom of impending fate.

  They treated him kindly. They
talked about their affairs in his pres-
ence as though he had always been one
of them. He was filled with a sort of
solemn gratitude. He was no longer
alone. These were his people.

  There was much talk of a strike, still
more talk of violence—a sort of greedy
eagerness for all the benefits which
might accrue in case there was violence.
There was vast wealth in the Schloss
—they called it “Schloss Frelinghuy-
sen,” as though they were still back in
the country of their origin.

  And as Turga listened he began to
get his first definite perception of what
was possibly in store. He found him-
self listening with increasing eagerness.
His recent dejection gradually dis-
solved.

  In its place there came something of
savage optimism. Life was not so al-
together dark after all. Two women
there were in the world whom he had
desired with all his heart. He had
cursed fate, yet here was fate throwing
the cards at last that he might win.

  An isolated country mansion, no one
to defend it except a company of serv-
ants—poltroons to a man, as servants
always were—and then, he himself
master of this band of brothers, them-
selves as savage and eager for rapine
as a band of famished wolves.

  The answer was obvious. He had
but to take what was thrown his way.

  There was a fire burning there in the
open, for the night was cool; and be-

fore this he sat on a box that some one
had supplied for his comfort. Now
and then, he heard himself add some
word to the discussion, knew that he
was playing his part in the drama
which was now drawing rapidly near
its final scene.

  It must have been almost dawn when
a dark-eyed sister of the tribe brought
him a bowl filled with some fragrant
beverage of which he drank.

  A little later he had crept into a small
cabin—a place which would have made
him shudder only a day or so previous-
ly, but which he now accepted as un-
questioningly as he had accepted this
new-found fellowship, with the same
sense of solemn gratitude.

  When he again awoke, the sun was
already in the west. He turned his
face to it, muttered some odd, half-
articulate prayer that fluttered into his
consciousness from the back of his
brain.

  This was to be the night. What it
held for him, he neither knew nor
cared. He was but the mote in the
sunbeam, that or the blind bat zigzag-
ging in the moonlit night.

  Unshaven, unkempt, careless as to
his appearance in a way that he had
never been before there was that about
him that would have made almost any
woman look twice. It wasn’t surpris-
ing that the dark-eyed sister of the
tribe looked at him so long.

  But why she should have struck her
forehead and her breast like that, in the
age-old gesture of silent grief?

CHAPTER LIV.

THE COILED SNAKE.

  It was all arranged.

  There was to be an attack on the
mansion that night. They would take
the place by surprise, could do as they
wished. There would be rich loot—
enough for every one. And to him,
to Turga, the lord-prince, the only
power on earth they recognized since
grandmother’s death, and him because
94

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

he was the bridegroom of Fate — he
should have his heart’s desire.

  Agatha—Elin!

  He was still in doubt. Both of them
he hated with a savage hate. Both of
them he loved with more than a savage
love. With either of them in his power,
he told himself, he could be happy.

  He was not bothering about the fu-
ture. He had learned the futility of
that. But he had some indefinite
dream of a wild flight to the Piesen
Hills—the rocky, wooded country of
his origin; of life there, lawless and
unrestrained.

  A man with a black beard, whom he
had noticed with the band on the pre-
ceding evening, appeared before him
out of the gloaming.

  For a moment they looked at each
other in silence. Then the stranger
spoke:

  “ Great times ahead, brother.”

  “ Yes,” Turga answered. A quaver
of illumination appeared on the rim of
his consciousness. “Yes, great times;
even death, perhaps! ”

  The black-bearded stranger contem-
plated him soberly.

  “ I go to keep a tryst with the Prin-
cess Viatka,” he went on. “ I have
come far to find her. She does hot
suspect that I am here, yet neverthe-
less she is ready.”

  “ You are neither lucky nor un-
lucky,” Turga answered. “For my-
self. I see not one but three.”

  “ They are ? ”

  “ One is the daughter of the Prin-
cess Viatka—her name is Agatha. The
other is a girl with blue eyes and yel-
low hair — angel or devil I can’t de-
cide. No one can, the difference is so
slight. Her name is Elin. The third
is better than either of them, more
beautiful—a witch, a kind-hearted
siren, a Kishev-Machcr who deals in
none but white magic.”

  Turga paused.

  “ And what’s her name ? ” the
stranger asked.

  “ Death! ”

  “ You’re a worthy head of the

brotherhood,” the man with the black
beard answered seriously. “ I don’t
want you to kiss this white bride of
yours yet for a while.

  “Listen! I love you. It is as though
you were my son. I might have had a
son like you, had destiny so willed it;
for there was once a daughter of the
last Count Frelinghuysen whom I
might have married.”

  A slight spasm of pain twitched his
face. He seemed to be on the point of
saying something more, but other mem-
bers of the clan had drawn forward
—a score of them, a rough-looking
crew still in their earth-stained clothes
—and he desisted. By common accord
they all started in the direction of the
park.

  A hollow had been burrowed under
the iron fence and through this they
passed. Inside, they paused. The dark-
bearded stranger had spoken to other
members of the band. Again he ap-
proached Turga, put a friendly hand on
his shoulder.

  •	“ What now? ” asked Turga.

  “ We’ll attack the house—loot it,
each take what he most desires,” said
the man. “ But as we can’t spare you
—we don’t want you to get killed.
What you said a little while ago has
frightened us. Promise me that you
will do as we ask or we won’t go for-
ward.”

  “ Whether I promise or not,” Turga
responded, “ everything will be as it
will be.”

  “ But you promise ? ”

  “ I promise.”

  “ There is a certain place where you
\yill remain and wait for me. I know
what you want. You’ll get it. I’ll see
to that.”

  It had fallen very dark. Clouds
banked the sky. The air was oppres-
sive with a promise of storm.

  They moved softly over the turf.
Through the great silence filtered the
distant strains of the orchestra—a
wildly cadenced air with something
about it that brought back to Turga’s
mind the music of the old hurdy-gurdy
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

95

player in Mme. Zidek’s restaurant.
Where was Paulo now ? he wondered.
He had a premonition that he would
see him again before very long.

  They came to the border of the new
lake, followed this in the direction of
the river, then crossed over the gran-
ite ridge—all that remained to keep the
waters from rushing into the new bed
that had been prepared for them.

  Here the man with the black beard
and another member of the band drew
Turga somewhat apart.

  “ This would be the safest place, you
say?” the man with the black beard
queried.

  “ Yes.”

  “ But the place is filled with dyna-
mite,” he protested with a soft laugh.

  “ That’s all right,” the other an-
swered. “ The wire is disconnected.
I cut it myself this afternoon.”

  “ You wait here,” said the man with
the black beard, turning to Turga. “ I
can find you here. Otherwise, I might
miss you in the park. Wait here and
have no fear. You’ll get what you
want.”

  Turga didn’t protest. He felt that
never again, as long as he lived, would
he protest. It was very foolish to
protest.

  What was a protest of one human
atom against the cosmic march of
things? As well might he protest
against the revolution of the earth on
its axis, against the infinite swing of
the moon and the stars.

  Without a word, passively, he sat
down on the granite with his feet in
the crowding turf. They went away
and left him there. He was as much
alone, he felt, as though he were the
last man, on the last inhabited sphere,
on the last frontier of time.

  His foot touched something hard
but resilient in the grass. He leaned
forward and peered down through the
darkness. It was a piece of insulated
wire—freshly cut.

  He dropped it back again.

  After all, what bride could ever be
the paragon of that kind-hearted siren

to whom all men turned at last, the
witch who deals in none but white
magic.?

CHAPTER LV.

THE HOUR OF DREAD.

  Those on the terrace of the great
house were still waiting for something
to follow the shot and the cry. Out
from the house came the incongruous
music of the orchestra.

  The guests were not alarmed. They
were merely interested. But it was
otherwise with Frail, with Elin Car-
stairs, with Agatha and her mother.

  They were still standing there with
that sinister question ringing in their
ears—“Where is Fred?”—when the
answer came.

  It was Graw himself. He ran to-
ward him out of the darkness strange-
ly disfigured. They saw the reason for
it. There was a gash across his fore-
head, from which the blood streamed
in spite of his efforts to keep it back.

  There was a chorus of exclama-
tions.

  “ Get into the house—all of you,”
he panted.

  Other members of the party were
hurrying forward—with all the speed
that perfect breeding would permit—
but it was neither the time nor the
place for explanations.

  “ Inside—all of you,” Graw re-
peated.

  He huddled them in. Already Chiv-
vers had sensed the danger. He had
been so long in the family that noth-
ing was capable of taking him alto-
gether by surprise.

  Before the iron shutters were closed
on the last window a rock hurtled out
of the darkness, crashed through the
glass, and struck a chandelier.

  “Shall I arm the servants, sir?”
asked Chivvers.

  “ With anything you want to except
firearms,” Graw replied. “ Hugh and
I will do any shooting that’s necessary.
Scatter them at the windows, Chiv-
96

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

vers. Let them report to us in case
anything breaks.”

}< He faced the others,
p “ Now, don’t get excited,” he com-
manded, with a smile. “ This will be
a godsend for all of you—give you
something to talk about for the rest of
your lives. Nothing but a strike or
something like that.

  “Adolph”—turning to a servant—
“ tell that orchestra to go on. And
now you girls go and play bridge, dance
—do anything you want to except look
out of the windows. There’s a strike,
some drunken workmen. Some one
kindly tapped me on the head in the
dark with a club.

  “ Downs fired a shot. He is off to
the stables. Everything will be lovely
again within half an hour. Steinmetz
•—you’re a soldier—you come with
Hugh and me. You other men stay
here with the ladies and help them
have a good time.”

  “ Hoch, der general! ” cried Stein-
metz.

  “ Telephone for the police—for the
sheriff,” said Hugh when they were
alone.

  “ We’ll try,” Graw answered; “ but
I’m afraid it is too late. “ They were
cutting the wires when Downs and I
surprised them. You go to the armory
■—get us each a shotgun.”

  “'What, ho,” Frail answered cheer-
fully.

  He was a very different Frail from
the youth who had borne that name a
few months ago.

  Steinmetz wasn’t aware yet what it
was all about ; but he was ready to
fight—whatever it was, whatever the
odds. In a few words Graw explained
the situation.

  “ The mine—now is the time to
shoot your mine,” Steinrnetz suggested.
“ It would scare them off. It would
send the water into the lake, into the
moat—even if it blew up a few, should
drown a few, as I suggested this after-
noon.”

  He had moved over to the battery,
looked down at it fondly.

  Graw was b&ide him with his hand
on his arm.

  “ Later, colonel, if weAnust.”

  “ Is the coast all clear—none of your
own people about ? ”

  “ None at this time.”

  “ I have a peculiar feeling,” Colonel
Steinmetz remarked. “ A peculiar feel-
ing. You say they cut the telephone-
wires—and this—”

  Slowly he put out his hand and
touched the rheostat. It hovered there
for a moment. He- pushed the lever
slowly down.

  Graw had ceased to breathe. But
no explosion followed.

  “ As I suspected,” said Steinmetz,
with perfect calm.

  Back in the drawing-room, where
the rest of the party hovered, both fear
and suspense were in the air. Obe-
dient to orders, the leader of the
orchestra still conducted his men, but
perspiring distraction had fallen upon
them all. There were unnoticed dis-
cords. An E-string snapped on the
first violin. They jumped, to a man,
as though it had been another shot.

  The former Princess Viatka was in
a quiver which had in it the elements
of both distress and exquisite delight.
Not since she had come to the country
with the family had she taken aJceener
interest in life. Life! This was life
as she understood it, loved it, and not
otherwise.

 She had moved somewhat apart,
praying inwardly for the final crash
that she was expecting. She was lis-
tening with all her ears.

  There—she thought she had heard it
again, that peculiar whistle she had
heard but a little while before. While
she cast a quick glance round her—
caught an impression of frightened
faces, of agitated shoulders, of immi-
nent hysteria in a dozen forms. No
one would see her—that much was cer-
tain.

  She slipped out into the hall. No
one was there. She put her hand on
her bare breast.

  Sergius—it was Sergius calling to
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

97

her, as he had called to her years ago
when Horace was still alive, when she
was still the chatelaine of Schloss Fre-
linghuysen in dear Bohemia.

  “ Ah, Dieu!—and why not? ”

  She slipped over to the front door,
opened it, peered out into the night.
There was darkness there—a whisper-
ing suggestion of things unseen, of
unseen perils, of lurking joys.

  Some one whispered her name.

  She had stepped outside.

  The door swung softly shut behind
her with the tiny, fateful click of a
spring-lock.

CHAPTER LVI.

     “ THE WINGED DOLLAR.”

   The rioters had set fire to the sta-
bles. As Graw crept out of a window
of an upper story a few minutes later
onto the top of a small stone porch
he saw a quavering plume of flame
shoot up, multiply, sink, then leap
higher than ever.

  He groaned within himself. He
would have to trust Downs and the
other employees to protect themselves
and the live-stock. He couldn’t leave
the house.

  He had brought a shotgun with
him. Hugh he had sent, also armed,
to a vantage-point at the front of the
house. Steinmetz was in complete
command of the lower floor.

  He thought of his father. He
thought of the historic curse of this
family which he had made his own.
His jaw came out. He couldn’t stand
this inactivity much longer.

  But as he wavered—as he watched
the growing conflagration, thought of
all those in the house for whose safe-
ty he was responsible—Agatha crept
out beside him.

   “ Fire! ” she sobbed.

   “ You’re safe,” he whispered.

  He cautiously shifted the shotgun
to his other hand, patted her gently
on the shoulder, and ordered her to
go back. j

     7 S

  “ I can’t find mama,” she whis-
pered, “ and I’m so frightened. What
do you see ? ”

  “ Nothing but a few men prowling
about,” he whispered in reply. “ But
I won’t shoot them for that.”

  “ Have you still the dollar? ”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Throw it away.”

  “ That hasn’t anything to do with
it.”

  “ I know, only—I wish you would.”
  “ Superstition,” he whispered.

  “ I can’t help it,” Agatha answered.
“ It’s all as you say, I know. But it
has got the curse on it. Oh, this is_
the curse—I know! I know! ”

  In the darkness Graw could feel
her tremble. With his eyes still on
the fire, he encircled her with his arm,
brushed her face with a hasty caress.
“As you will! ” he exclaimed softly.
He had disengaged his hand, felt
the coin in his pocket, drew it forth.
In the dancing, fitful light he could
see the white shimmer of it. So
could Agatha.

  It was as though all the terror she
had thus far experienced that night
was concentrated in that small disk—«
an evil eye of fearful potency.

  “ Throw it away! ” she begged
again.

  Graw hesitated, still looking down
at the coin. It was an evil - looking
thing. Something of Agatha’s terror
crept into his own heart. Wasn’t his
continued defiance of the old super-
stition but another form of supersti-
tion on his own part ? Besides,
Agatha had given him the best of rea-
sons—it was something that added to
her distress.

  “ Throw it away! ” she begged.
“ You’ll see. Perhaps it’s already
spinning some evil influence upon you
,—something that will disappear when
it disappears.”

  Agatha, like many a woman when
she speaks like that, was hovering
very close to a truth she wouldn’t
have spoken for worlds. The coin
had made her think of Turga — the
98

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

handsome, fascinating, ill - omened
Turga. It was because of him that
the coin filled her now with an added
fear.

  Did Graw sense the truth?

  Careless of exposure, he had sud-
denly got upon his feet, stood there
with the gun in one hand, the coin in
the other, gazing out ahead of him.

  Then he unlimbered his strength,
poised himself for a throw — Ajax
defying the lightning.

  Agatha trembled, held her breath.
Some mighty thing was about to take
place.

  Graw threw the coin out into the
night with all his strength.

  Turga had been sitting where the
brethren had left him. Upon him had
fallen a pall as sable as the night—
black, impenetrable, immensely sol-
emn.

  He heard the shot, the cry.

  It was evident that the marauders
had not been able to carry out their
first purpose of a surprise. It brought
to him but an added weight of con-
firmation that Fate was against him;
that he and all those who were con-
nected with him were to be the vic-
tims of Fate and not its allies.

  Lo, was it not ever thus?

  He had never thought much about
moral questions. But suddenly there
came to him, like the voices of an in-
visible choir, a chant the words of
which he could not understand, but
which he knew were the expression of
old, immutable truths—truths that
had inspired every religion, every as-
piration, since the world began.

  He stood up. He lifted his face to
the sky. It was not that old pagan
prayer to the setting sun that came to
his lips now. It was something else—
something he tried so hard to express.

  “ Oh, God—God—”

  He paused. He sought for utter-
ance.

  He saw the red flames of the burn-
ing stable suddenly reach up, whirling
in a diabolical dance—a final memento

of the saraband he had witnessed that
night—so long ago, it seemed—when
Paulo had led him to hear the story
of his haunted legacy.

  A slight tremor ran through his
slender frame. Once more he lifted
his face to the black heavens. It was
a final appeal. He strove to express
what was in his heart. After all, it
wasn’t fear. After all, it was resig-
nation.

  “Behold, I am ready!”

  He stood there very straight, his
feet planted on the granite ridge, his
face still lifted, the infinite in his mind
and heart.

   It was there that he kept his tryst
with the white bride—the kind-heart-
ed siren to whom all men — and all
women, and even the little children—
turn at last.

  There at his feet lay the severed
wire.

  The winged dollar soared upward
through the night, then began its
swift descent. —

  Who shall say that it was G raw’s
hand, and not the invisible hand which
Turga in his young life had come to
know so well, that gave it guidance?

  Just there, where the two ends of
the severed wire almost touched each
other, it fell and completed the deadly
contact.

   “ Behold, I am ready! ”

  The words were still on Turga’s
lips when he heard the padded thud
of the coin.

   Followed instantly annihilation, the
crash of doom!

  Graw and Agatha stood there mo-
tionless, breathless, expectant. Then,
scarcely had the dollar disappeared, it
had seemed, when there had come
that mighty explosion.

   Agatha had uttered a little shriek.

  Graw had caught her to him, for
even his robust nerves had been
shaken by the uncanniness of the
thing.

  There came a sound of cheering
from the stable, the hiss of steam.
THE HAUNTED LEGACY.

99

Down there they had begun to fight
the fire.

  Two or three men came into view,
running along the path. Graw recog-
nized Downs and called out to him.

  “ They’ve gone,” the overseer an-
swered. “ It was the explosion, I
guess, that frightened them away.”

  Suddenly they were all listening.
Even above the noise that came from
the stables the lesser sounds that came
from below stairs, where there was
still some semblance of music and
conversation, there was audible a new
element of sound — a soft roar, the
whispering rush of water.

  The little river that ran through
the Frail estate was pouring into the
new; lake.

CHAPTER LVII.

CONCLUSION.

 There have been a number of
changes on the face of things since
the events herewith recorded took
place. The face of things, like the
faces of persons, will take on repose
and tranquillity with the passage of
time.

  It may have been coincidence, of
course; but it is true that all trace of
the legendary Frelinghuysen curse
disappeared utterly on that eventful
night when Frederic Graw hurled the
last materialization of the Freling-
huysen thaler into space.

  It was never heard of nor seen
again—no more than was Turga. The
granite barrier between river and lake
had been shattered. The living waters
before dawn had encircled the old
house to keep all bad ghosts away
from it forevermore.

  Poor Turga!

  They often talked about him. They
often wondered what had become of
him. None of them knew anything
about that supreme adventure of his
when he stood on the mined rock in
the park that night and sent up his
last message—“ I am ready! ”

   He disappeared utterly—as all men
will some day — became a memory,
not all good, not all bad — as is the
case with other men as well.

   There might have been those among
the odd brotherhood who had partici-
pated in that fruitless foray who could
have cast light on Turga’s tragic end,
but they never did so. For no less
did the explosion shatter the granite
rock than it shattered the bond that
had held these strange men one to an-
other.

  The members of the brotherhood
had simply disappeared—scattered as
the rock had been in all directions.
Perhaps, like the fragments of the
rock itself, they also came to servte a
useful purpose at last, each in his own
way. Not always in union is there
strength.

  The former Princess Viatka had
likewise disappeared that night.

   At first this was the cause of untold
 anxiety, naturally. But, little by little,
 they all came to believe the story
 originally told by one of the under-
 servants—'that he had seen his mis-
 tress greet a black - bearded stranger
 in front of the house, had seen her in
 his arms, had seen her follow him, a
 willing prisoner.

   For every now and then some rena-
scent spirit of maternity inspires her
to write to them—now from Vienna,
now from Florence, now from Paris.
She says always that she is very
happy; that her husband’s name is
Sergius, and that some day—meaning
never—he and she will come to visit
them.

   For there would be little enough in
the lives of her children now to at-
tract the exotic temperament of that
lady—even if she is a grandmother.

   Notwithstanding that single night
of terror, Hugh and Elin were
happily married. Their lives, like
those of Agatha and Frederic Graw,
'have attained the ideal. Let each in
his own way imagine of what that
ideal consists.

   The town-house of the Frails was
100

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

torn down long ago to give place to
one of those new department-stores—
so rich in everything except shadowy
tradition.

  Even the country-place has been
greatly changed—a convalescent home
for crippled children, still presided
over by the saintly Dr. Carstairs, rich-
ly endowed by the—not the last—de-
scendant of the wicked old fugitive
who built it; also by his brother-in-

( T fc •

law. They can well afford it. They
'have prospered exceedingly in many
ways.

   And then, as the mother of Paulo
once said, you can always counteract
a curse—or, for that matter, any other
of the devil’s works—with some good
deed.

   And with all that is left of the an-
 cient line of the Frelinghuysens, this
 has become a chief article of faith.

Bad.)

ours of fjrace

erman

Struck

IN Ukiah, the new-born county seat,
they were favorably known as
“ the vigilance committee.”

  The mothers of that village upheld
them before their growing sons as the
protectors of California’s frontier,
and as being worthy of zealous imi-
tation.

  With less sentiment, the new court
supported that estimation to the ex-
tent that it neglected to investigate
several cases which the vigilance com-
mittee had tried and settled in its own
informal way.

  When at home, in northern Men-
docino, the official title of these
range-lords was ignored by a number

of small “ nesters ” and changed to
“ Stringer’s Band.”

  The ridicule was lost upon the
good people of Ukiah. The commit-
tee in general helplessly adopted the
view of its leaders—old Joseph
Stringer and his son “ Red ”—who
held that whatever the home-title
lacked in collective dignity, it more
than balanced in personal fitness.

  Of all men who had justly or un-
justly felt the power of Stringer’s
Band, perhaps no one could speak from
greater experience of its thoroughness
and despatch in forcing a desired end
than Jack Keel, a young adventurer
and stockman of southern Trinity.
HOURS OK GRACE.

101

When he fell for the second time into
their hands he soberly permitted him-
self to weigh the chances against him.

  Pete Martin, deeply impressed with
the importance of his official act, had
brought Keel to the Martin cabin,
and, as befitted a dangerous criminal,
tied him, hands to back, to a post of
the heavy hewn-oak bedstead. There
he left him in charge of Mrs. Martin,
while he, himself, rode off to round
up his fellow-members of the com-
mittee that they might sit in judge-
ment—if, indeed, Pete reflected, they
would consider the murderer of one
of the elect deserving a sitting!

  This question was one of the
chances Keel weighed as he sat with
his back to the bed-post studying the
reserve of Mrs. Martin, who calmly
went about her work in the kitchen.

  She was middle-aged, with thin
gray hair drawn back tightly to a
knot, accentuating the prominence of
cheek-bones and ears, giving the head
an angularity in keeping with her
five feet eleven inches of unloveliness.
His slight acquaintance with her in
the past had not taught him to pene-
trate her habitual reserve.

  As he speculated as to what senti-
ments might be beneath it, he half
felt that, in her assumed indifference,
she did judge him, but only so far as
he judged himself. With an uncon-
cern, betraying no recognition of her
prisoner, he watched her take the rifle
which her husband had significantly
leaned witin her reach, throw out the
cartridge, and hang the gun on its
pegs upon the neat log wall.

  The plan upon which he had been
focusing his observations seemed
quite hopeless, but with an effort that
cost him many drops of sweat—it
was a warm June evening—he came
to the point of addressing her, and he
cleared his throat suggestively.

  “ Mrs. Martin,” he began with def-
erence, “ when you have a few min-
utes’ spare time, could I speak with
you ? ”

 Without replying, the woman

  stepped leisurely to the stone-walled
oven, rearranged some pots, and then
came to him.

  “ I wish you would tell me first/’
he said, “ has anything of importance
happened in the neighborhood while
I was in prison? ”

  She searched his drawn, eager face.
“ Speak plain, Keel,” she said not
unkindly. “ What do you want to
know ? ”

  " Has anybody died ? ”

  “ The Mitchell baby—last winter.”
  " Anybody married ? ”

  " No.”

  He looked out through the open
window and his gaze rested vacantly
on the distant blue of the Coast
Range. When he turned to her his
voice was apologetic.

  “ Is Louise—Miss Summers—still
here? ”

  “ Louise came home to her father’s
ranch some weeks ago. She’s been
studying music in the East while you
were away.”

  “ Do you think she would be at
home to-night?”

  “ I think so.”

  Mrs. Martin regarded him curi-
ously and intently. Her wide, thin
lips were sensitive at the corners. He
was grateful for the scarcely per-
ceptible twitching of those mouth-
corners, and, altogether, he felt
somewhat encouraged to continue.

  “ I’m going to ask you to do a
pretty hard thing for me,” he said.
“ It’ll bring you into trouble for a
few hours—but only for a few hours.
I give you my word. By the way—”
he exclaimed as a conflicting thought
rose, “ do you put any value on my
word? Tell me, do you think I was
guilty of the charges Red Stringer
and his father’s gang used to run me
to San Quentin ? ”

  “ You’re not here to answer those
charges. Did you kill Red Stringer
this afternoon?”

“ I did. I’m sorry it happened.
But that isn’t what I am getting at.
Killing a man is one thing, having
102

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

one’s character questoned is another;
the distinction touches me pretty keen
just now. You know the statements
I made during my trial. If you think
with Pete and the others that I’m a
liar, be frank about it, and in that
case I’d rather not ask of you what I
intended.”

  He sank his head and saw a drop
of sweat roll from his nose to spatter
on his dust-coated boot; and he moist-
ened his lips with his tongue.

  Mrs. Martin, in spite of her seem-
ing disregard for trifles, was an ob-
server of details. She went to the
kitchen, returned with a tin dipper
full of cold water, and, to overcome
his inability to use his hands, held
it carefully to his lips until he
drained it.

  “ I’m in a position to judge your
character,” he said thankfully.

  She ignored the remark and the
tone.

  “ It’s no secret that Pete Martin
has worked with young Stringer
against you,” she said. “ I’ve never
defended you because I had no proof.
But for all that, I’ve never doubted
your honesty.”

  “ I don’t suppose you know,” he
asked apprehensively, “ if Miss Sum-
mers has ever expressed herself on
this matter?”

  “ So far’s I know, she has never
-mentioned your name.”

  “ I didn’t expect it,” he said with
a wince of disappointment. “ She
scarcely knows me. Shortly before
they got me, I rode home with her
from Wilson’s social. Red thought
that was his right.

   “ That was the first time I met her,
and Red had it figured out that it
should be my last, so he concocted
that horse - stealing scheme, and
brought up the sheriff to trap me in
circumstantial evidence. I was dis-
charged last Tuesday.

  “ At noon I was riding down the
Eel River grade on my way to Sum-
mer’s ranch. At the ford I met Red
Stringer. I asked him a question

  about Miss Summers, and when he
answered me as he did, I told him
what I calculated would drive him to
his gun.

  “ It’s useless to talk. It’s all over
and I’ll pay the bill. But before I
pay—it’ll be several hours before old
Stringer and his bunch get here—I
want a last favor.

  “ I was on my way to see her—
Louise. For those five prison years
I’ve had my mind set upon seeing her
when I would be free—every day of
the five years. At night I slept with
that hope. And now, while I have a
few hours to wait, if you could ar-
range, I should like to see her, Mrs.
Martin. I’ll be back at twelve. I’ll
meet the men here at midnight.”

  Mrs. Martin went to the window.
It seemed to Keel hours that she stood
there motionless with her back turned
to him. His eyes did not leave her
head and yet he did not see it; his
mind, his whole being, was straining
to penetrate that calm exterior, to
read her thoughts.

  When she turned again and walked
thoughtfully past him to tend the
kitchen fire he looked in vain for an
answer in her sensitive mouth-cor-
ners.

  He felt his pulses pounding under
the rawhide cords. The throbbing
echoed in his temples and set his head
burning with rage. For a moment he
was sure that leather and wood could
not hold him, and for that brief mo-
ment, which seemed, in its demand
upon last resources, the critical one
for which his past life had prepared
him, he experienced a certain fierce
joy in the fond exaggeration of his
long, muscular limbs.

  He threw himself forward from
the stool on which he sat. There was
a crash of breaking wood, and he fell
headlong to the floor, taking half the
bedstead with him. He wrenched
again at the cords as he lay, but they
cut to the wrist-bones and held fast.

  As he rose limp and dazed to his
feet he faced Mrs. Martin. Her hard
HOURS OF GRACE.

103

eyes read defeat in his whole figure,
and he knew it, so he turned slowly
from her and sat down on his over-
turned stool.

  It was as if Mrs. Martin called him
out of a trance when she spoke.

  “ I have your word,” she said,
'‘that you’ll be back here at twelve
o’clock?”

  He rose, lifting the broken bed-
stead with him.

  “ I’ll be here at twelve.”

  She brought a knife and cut the
straps that held him. Then she led
him to the kitchen to bathe his lacer-
ated wrists. But that operation he
soon escaped as a trifle; it was his
unutterable gratitude that pained him.
She read his thoughts as, hat in hand,
he finally stood before her.

  “ Run along,” she said. “ You
have nothing to thank me for.”

  He started to go, but turned im-
pulsively back, seized one of her bony
hands and pressed it to his lips. Then
he walked out to his mare.

  As he covered the first few miles to
the Summers ranch his mind played
upon the approaching meeting with
Louise. Some inner voice—or was
it but a vain echo of his hopes?—told
him that she would judge him as Mrs.
Martin had done.

  He dared not expect that she would
meet him as a friend. But of this he
was certain, and to this point he al-
ways returned for firm footing when
besieged by dark apprehensions—she
would respect his mission. Although
he had been but a few hours in her
company, he understood her.

  It required no extraordinary intui-
tion to detect her inherent refinement.
Being a young woman of ideals, rising
from an appreciation of all that is
beautiful and gentle, he reasoned, she
could not love one who had squan-
dered his inheritance of culture and
had become calloused in the range
game with no other standard than the
survival of the fittest.

  But her gentleness, he thought,
that would shrink at his hardness,

might pity him for the failing. Even
to be pitied by her—to see it in her
eyes—would be a privilege a more de-
serving man could envy.

  With these thoughts he entered a:
thickly wooded stretch where the eve-
ning already settled in the more shel-
tered ravines, and where, on the
exposed ridges, the filtered rays of
the low sun splashed vividly on the
great red arms of the madronas.

  He remembered other times when
he had ridden through this patch of
forest, and he remembered countless
times when, watching his flying shut-
tle in the prison jute-mill—sweating
in his stripes amid the deafening roar
of machinery—he had been, in fancy,
where he now was—in the cool, green
quiet where wounded spirits heal.

  With the abruptness of these north-
ern California ranges, the trail led
him up a steep, bald ridge and then
lost itself in a gradual descent over
fairly open sweeps to the Eel Canon.
Beyond, where the Eel River crept
like a broken silver thread, the moun-
tains rose, a blue jagged wall behind
which the sun was half hidden.

  It had been one of his prison dreams
to ride his horse upon a lone rock-
group rising before him like the ruins
of an ancient turret some thirty feet
above the bald hilltop. He had no
time now to carry out this wish, and
he was about to pass the rock when
he jerked in his mare and drove her
in a few leaps to the summit.

  As he sat there, feeling in the sur-
rounding vastness the key-note of his
nature, the thought that came to him
was not an accidental one. Since
Mrs. Martin had paroled him that
thought had lain suppressed in his
mind; and now, with a taste for self-
torture, he deliberately dwelt upon it.

  He drew a parallel between his re-
maining life and the segment of fire
slipping behind the blue wall into the
Pacific beyond. He did not care to
escape the course of the “ eye for
eye ” law to which he had gladly
bound himself when he shot Stringer;
104

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

he did not upbraid himself for his
consistency. Still, he could not but
feel a poignant self-pity; the wish to
live was crying strong within him.

  He had come to his haunts like a
wild thing untamed by confinement,
eager to experience the merited joys
of freedom. But he was not sure that
another sun would shine upon his ex-
periences.

  He had a mental glimpse of Joseph
Stringer, the dead man’s father,
forcing his lathered horse in the lead
of his retainers, bound for Martin’s
cabin. The old man’s trembling lips,
drawn to a snarl, mumbled something
that Keel could not misunderstand
nor wholly disrespect.

  At midnight they would meet!

  He descended from the rock, im-
pressed with the value of the fleeting
minutes which were his only until
twelve. Their value was but for one
purpose—to see Louise! To the
rhythm of the mare’s downward
leaps the phrase ran through his mind
—“ to see Louise—to see Louise.”

 It was growing dark when he
reached Summers’s gate. He closed
it behind him and walked his sorrel to
the hitching-rack by the barn. For
no apparent reason he hoped no one
had seen his coming, and he felt a
choking sensation which increased
when he dismounted.

  Looking neither to right nor left, he
walked with studied ease to avoid the
clink of spurs, taking grateful advan-
tage of a poplar row which led him
unobserved to the vine-enclosed porch
of the ranch house.

  It was just a glance through the
foliage in passing, but in that one
glance he saw her.

  She was sitting in a low armchair
with a book in her lap, looking dream-
ily out into the night as if continuing
in fancy the thread of a romance
which the darkness had interrupted.
He had an impression of cool, sum-
mery white and of matured loveli-
ness.

  To a rose he had sometimes com-

pared her—a delicate pink rose, firm
and fresh with the dew of morning.
Now the comparison flashed again
before him.

  As he walked, with awe swelling in
his throat, to the front porch entrance,
she heard his step and stood waiting
when he came up.

  “ I’m Jack Keel.” he said shyly.
“ Maybe you have forgotten.”

  “ Mr. Keel! ” she exclaimed in sur-
prise. “ It’s good of you to let us see
you again. Will you come in? ”

  “ Perhaps later—thanks. I was
discharged last Tuesday from San
Quentin,” he added with a regard for
fundamentals.

  “ Since you speak of it,” she said,
“ won’t you tell me that you were not
guilty of trying to steal Red Stringer’s
horses ? ”

  “ Did you think I was innocent ? ”

  “ I thought—yes, I was sure you
were innocent. I know it now with-
out your telling me.”

 “ I often wondered what you
thought of me.”

  She had no comment upon this.
After a pause she stepped back to
turn her chair.

  “If you will sit here,” she said,
“ I’ll bring another.”

  “ Before I sit I must tell you what
may cause you to regret the invitation.
It’s easier to be scorned* standing.
This noon I shot Red Stringer dead.”
She sank to her chair and looked at
him with horror and doubt struggling
confusedly in her eyes. He met her
gaze evenly until she bowed her head
and buried her face in her hands.

  “ It was an accident,” she said
weakly, as if fearing to be contra-
dicted.

  “ It was no accident.”

  “I can’t believe it! You—I never
thought of you—like that.”

  She looked to him for a reply. But
he stood respectfully and silently re-
turning her look.

  “ Please say something! ” she ex-
claimed. “ Have you nothing to say
for yourself? How did it happen?
HOURS OF GRACE.

105

Did you do it because he wronged you

so r

  “ In coming here I hoped we could
avoid this discussion. I did wrong—•
a great wrong—but I didn’t do it for
revenge.”

  It was something more in his man-
ner than in his words that changed
her view-point.

  “ I must insist that you tell me,”
she said. “ I feel that I could sym-
pathize with you if you told me all.”

  “ I was on my way to see you when
I met him,” he explained. “ I asked
him a question. He answered me.
If he had struck me instead of speak-
ing I couldn’t have killed him.”

  “ Some insults can be unbearable,”
she said with deep feeling. “ I shall
always think that he insulted you be-
yond all endurance.”

  A flush of embarrassment came to
his face.

  “ It’s not for me to be ungrateful,”
he replied, scrutinizing his hatband,
“ but I’d rather not be in your mem-
ory as having shot a dog for barking
at me.”

  “ I don’t understand.”

  “ It was some one else that he in-
sulted.”

  Keel did not look at her. He felt
the regret of knowing that she under-
stood. It was an attempt to lighten
the situation when he asked:

  “ What is the verdict ? ”

  “ You are entitled to sit with me,”
she answered.

  “ No need of fetching a chair.”

  He stopped her and motioned her
to her seat. He dropped his hat to the
floor and sat down beside it on the
porch - landing with his back against
the post.

  She placed her chair so as not to
face him squarely and gave super-
ficial attention to a vine - rose, from
which she picked now and then a
petal. He, as often, looked up at her
averted face, which, though normally
well colored, was now in the full
moonlight nearly white with agitation
written in the delicate features. This

agitation, however, as he regretted,
was beginning to be marked by a prac-
tical decision.

   “ I see your position,” she said
finally. “ You haven’t a minute to
lose. The men have all gone to
Covelo; but father will be here soon,
I think. He should be here now. If
you are in haste — as you must be —
could I do anything for you? Do you
need a fresh horse ? ”

   “ I didn’t come here to ask help of
your father. You alone can help me,
and I’ve no object in seeking your
favor beyond the favor itself.”

  She regarded him with puzzled
eagerness.

   “ At twelve o’clock,” he said, draw-
 ing the only watch in Mendocino, “ I
 must be back in Martin’s cabin to
 meet Joe Stringer’s band—for what
 I did. I’ve just an hour that I can call
 my own — that is, outside of my
 riding-time. Into this hour I’d like to
 press the realizations of the hopes of
 five years. Let me be with you for
 an hour as your friend.”

   “ I don’t understand it,” she replied.
 “ I needn’t tell you of the past meth-
 ods of these men who are your ene-
 mies. Yet you say you’re going back
 there, and you seem so confident of
 your position.”

   “ If you refer to my future—which
begins at twelve—I see no future. I
want to live a lifetime in the present.
Please walk with me.”

   With a little frown, rather of anx-
iety than displeasure, she consented.

   It was a night as he had planned i|
should be.

   There was the scent of blossoming
manzanito and a suggestion of wild
roses in the air. The moonlight fell
upon them and spread over the bush-,
patched meadow like a benediction of
peace.

   Occasionally a locust, humming his
faint tremolo, paused at their ap-
proach until the slow click of spurs
had passed his range. There were no
•other sounds.

   Keel breathed long and deep with a
106

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

strange exhilaration. About him was
a strange, wonderful atmosphere,
holding promises of possibilities he
dared not fathom.

  A sky as this, mountains holding
mysteries in haze, wooded ranges blos-
soming like this, at such an hour, had
once upon returning from a gambler’s
revelry halted him to proclaim such
beauties alone worth recognition.
Now they seemed but dumb elements
of worship toward the woman at his
side, and his chest expanded wide to
hold the beauty that was hers.

  He had not offered his arm when
they left the house, because in the
light in which he placed himself he
could not see why she should wish
that formal intimacy. It was, more-
over, evident that she needed no as-
sistance to overcome any irregularities
of footing — in fact, of the two, he
was the moc't awkward.

  In avoiding an overhanging branch
he pressed his elbow against her side
and drew away, thrilled by a force
that choked the apology in his throat.
It was not that he was a stranger to
women.

  In a past almost submerged by ten
years’ adventuring, he had been a fa-
vorite in college social events. But,
with pardonable bias, he considered
himself a stranger to Louise’s type.

  They strolled at random over the
close - grazed meadow, speaking dis-
connectedly of commonplace matters
—often, it seemed to him, only to
shield a deeper thought current which
the self - conscious silence threatened
to reveal. Even these attempts at dis-
playing a light bearing became less
frequent, and he saw in her silence an
increasing anxiety that must sooner
or later find expression.

  It did not surprise him greatly when
she touched his arm to stop him and
then stepped resolutely before him,
facing him.

  “ This shall go no farther! ” she
said. “ Don’t you see the great dan-
ger you are in? Aren’t you afraid?
You should be riding now — away

from these men, for you’ll get no jus-
tice from them. Don’t waste these
minutes here and—”

  ¥ Miss Summers,” Keel interrupt-
ed, “ let’s not go over this again.
When, after the shooting, I let Pete
Martin lead me away, his prisoner, I
adjusted myself to my case. I put it
all behind me, and I longed for just
one perfect hour without a past or fu-
ture—only you. This is my hour.”
Louise turned and walked a few
paces, then waited for him. Absorbed
in thought, they strolled on and took a
well-beaten path which led them to
the pasture-gate, before which they
halted.

  “ Do you care to walk farther? ” he
asked.

  She was leaning her arms on the
top gate-bar, and under his question-
ing look her eyes were lowered.

  “ Whatever you wish,” she whis-
pered. “ This is your hour.”

  And she turned her face slightly,
from him.

  He observed a tremulous heaving
of her shoulders. They were shapely,
slender shoulders, not made for the
contact of a hard hand such as his
own, he thought. Her neck seemed
but for the caress of soft fingers like
hers and for the touch of wavy, lumi-
nous hair.	>

  “ I have one great wish, my friend,”
he said, lowering his head to hers.
“ Would you let me touch you—touch
your shoulder?”

  She nodded.

  He laid his hand upon her very
lightly. It was more an instinct than
a definite thought that awakened at
the touch and made him step back to
stand with folded arms.

  As he stood there the awakened in-
stinct combated with reason. Reason
submitted, and the two forces chal-
lenged his pride, and pride, which was
strongest in the man, contended that
he must not take her in his arms—
even for a heartbeat.

  It occurred to him that he was ta-
king his departure from the world.
HOURS OF GRACE.

107

He had come to say farewell to his
hopes. All that he knew of heaven
was within reach of his arm, and he
must leave it without the memory of
one exalted moment that he would
have staked against the darkest the-
ories of the eternal unknown before
him. No—he must take her in his
his arms before he went! He would
ask her.

  “ Miss Summers ” — his voice was
unsteady—“ I will ask more. If I de-
serve your scorn send me from you.
But afterward remember my disgrace
not without a thought of my posi-
tion.”

  He paused a full minute, and then
said with forced lightness:

  “ Will you walk with me back to
my horse? It’s time I was leaving for
Martin’s.”

  “ I don't want you to go back
there!”

  “ No?”

  She turned upon him.

  “ You must get away from here. I
have a brother in Eureka. I’ll see that
you can change horses at Blocksburg
and at Carlotta. You know, ships
come to Eureka.”

  He smiled in spite of himself.

  “ And then what would you have
me do? This is really interesting—-
board a ship and—”

  “ Stop this! I’m not jesting! ”

  “ Which is more proof of your
goodness. But, even if I were in-
clined to break an agreement which
takes me back to Martin’s, who, in
that over-the-sea place, do you sup-
pose would care to associate with me,
a * runaway murderer’ ? ”

  “ Don’t say that word! Anybody
would welcome you.”

  “ Perhaps anybody would, but do
you think your kind would? ”

  “ That’s unfair! ”

  “ To be logical ? ”

  “ To insinuate that I could be so—
so base as to desert a friend.”

  As they stood facing each other a
great light came upon him, and he
took the hand resting on the gate.

  “ Tell me, Louise,” he said, “ that
you didn’t speak out of pity alone.”

  “ Listen to me! The other way
would—oh, I couldn’t bear it! Where
is the justice of letting them take your
life? No, I’m not speaking out of
pity, or for justice, but for myself.
The ancient cave woman is speaking.

  “ Please, for my sake, throw aside

—	just for . to-night — third personr
principles, and play once more the
game that hardened you.”

  Griping his arms in her intensity,
she continued pleading, and he, to
drown this reasoning, which was too
dangerously in accord with what was
within himself, drew the rebellious lit-
tle head close to him.

  In the silence he felt her whole body
quivering with stifled sobs, pleading
with eloquence beyond words.

  He became aware of receiving from
her a new power, which made him
straighten, caused his muscles to feel
their youth, and the blood to leap in
his veins like strong wine.

  A cool breath from the Eel Canon
met his brow and passed through his
hair.

  He lifted the woman to his lips as
he would a child.

  “ Come, girl,” he said, “ you and I
for the horses! ”

  Hand in hand, they hastened to the
barn.

  It was a matter of a few minutes
for Keel to saddle two fresh horses
and lead them to the house where
Louise had prepared a small package
of provisions and written a note of
explanation to her father. They were
soon cantering northward over the
Eureka trail, which ran up from the
southeast past the Martin ranch.

  “ Stringer and his men will follow
us,” Louise said when the horses
slacked to a walk on the first steep
grade. “ Do they know that you came
here? ”

  “ Mrs. Martin knows.”

  “ She alone? Does she know why
you came? ”

  “ She knows.”
108

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Then we’re safe! ” Louise sighed.
“ I know Mrs. Martin.”

  Keel halted. She wonderingly
reined in and turned back to him. He
rested his elbow on the saddle-horn
with his chin sunk in his hand.

  “ What is it? ” she asked anxiously.
" Come; every minute is precious.”

  " Don't hurry, Louise,” he replied
meditatively. “ I suppose you are
quite intimate with Mrs. Martin?”

  " Since mother died she has often
taken mother’s place. But let’s ride
on and speak of that good woman.”

  “ Let me tell you something about
her,” he sajd without moving. " I let
Pete Martin pick me up at the shoot-
ing. He brought me to his cabin and
told his wife to hold me, f dead or
alive,’ while he rounded up Joe String-
er’s bunch. I told her I wished to see
you before seeing Stringer, and I
promised to be back at twelve if she
would let me off.

  “ You can see her position. Well,
she let me off. Try to forgive me for
making you suffer through my weak-
ness. But I must go back. Ride with
me to your father’s gate, and there let
me leave you. I must be back at
twelve! ”

  She could not speak, but her fingers
gripped tight upon his rein. He drew
the small, clenched hand to him and
then gently unclasped one struggling
finger after another.

  “ I’ll not leave you! ” she cried. “ If
you are determined to go, I go with
you! ”

“ You shall not come to Martin’s
cabin,” he said quietly. “ Will you
tum back a half mile this side of it? ”
“ Perhaps,” she answered evasively.
“ That won’t do, Louise! ”

  She hung her head and glanced up
at him demurely, toying the while ab-
sently with one of his knotty fingers.

  “ Then,” she said evenly, “ I must
be frank and say that I’ll do just as I
please.”

  “ Please to do me this last kindness!
Martin’s cabin, to-night, is no place for
a woman.”

  “ It’s useless to argue.”

  The finality of her tone was unmis-
takable.

  He tried with more pleading to move
her from her purpose, but without
effect. It was with a heavy heart that
he started back with her toward the
Martin ranch.

  In passing Louise’s home, thinking
that he might yet persuade her, he dis-
mounted and begged her again in vain
to leave him. There was nothing else
for him to do than to resign himself to
his dilemma and to be happy in her com-
pany.

  They rode side by side over the open
stretches. When in the wooded parts
the trail narrowed, he asked her to
lead, because he loved to watch her.
She rode with the careless grace of one
long accustomed to the saddle, sitting
often with her body half turned, look-
ing back at him, while her horse gal-
loped with loose rein the ever-changing
trail he knew.

  During the five years in prison Keel
had trained himself to be a master of
illusions when it seemed practical. He
now tried to shut out the future with
the forced illusion that the ride had no
significance other than its present being.

  While he sometimes succeeded in dis-
regarding the pressing conviction that
he was probably living the last hours
of his life, he allowed himself to appre-
ciate the value which that fact gave not
only to the speeding minutes, but to all
that his life-hungry senses absorbed.

  All that he saw about him—the open
patches, with their grasses trodden by
cattle and deer; the woods, where oaks
and madronas grouped to shelter the
wild in their shadows; the dew-glisten-
ing flowers sown like stars on the hill-
sides ; and, above all, the girl who, like
a dream fairy, rode her white horse be-
fore him, plunging from shadow to
light and back again into shadow—all
these impressions he feverishly gath-
ered as fuel in the last hour of autumn
and of time.

  His meditations were suddenly in-
terrupted when, at a point about six
HOURS OF GRACE.

109

miles from the Martin ranch, Louise
drew rein and begged him to halt.

  “ I’ve been thinking,” she said when
they came to a stand, “ and I see a way
out. I’ve been trying hard not to be-
lieve the horrible truth; but I fear now
that when we ride in there they won’t
even give you a hearing. It all depends
on my speed in getting there.

  “ I must be in the cabin at twelve—
before they start hunting for you. I’ll
ride on alone, and you must come in
an hour later. It’s your one chance to
save yourself. Please do this for my
sake! Don’t make me force you to stay
behind! ”

  Keel’s immediate reply was to lean
over and kiss the trembling lips. Then
he said conclusively: “ Impossible! ”
and started on.

  Louise spurred her horse in his way,
and from the folds of her riding-skirt
drew a small revolver. Before he could
interfere she had pressed the gun
against the head of his horse and fired.
The animal reared, stiffened convul-
sively, and pitched sidewise to his
knees. With accustomed dexterity Keel
cleared the saddle, and then, in word-
less astonishment, turned upon Louise.

  “ Forgive me! ” she pleaded. “ I
must get to Martin’s first.”

  She swung her white into course and
was soon lost to sight on the wooded
trail.

  Keel stood motionless, until the
.sound of speeding hoofs melted into
.the silence of the night. Then, having
assured himself that the horse was
dead, he started on a running walk in
pursuit of his champion.

  In his thoughts he worshiped her for
her motive and upbraided her for the
folly that would only bring her unnec-
essary pain. It was with speculations,
giving himself unnecessary pain, that
the six miles to Martin’s cabin were
covered. He was not used to walking
and running in stiff riding-boots; but
physical discomforts were lost in the
confusion of his expectations—his
fears, not for himself, but for what
Louise might experience.

  When, at some distance, Martin’s
dogs announced Keel’s approach, he
saw eight or ten men crowd out of the
cabin-door.

  They stood a moment talking ex-
citedly in low tones, and then, as if by
sudden agreement, reentered the cabin
—except Pete Martin, who waited for
Keel to come up.

  “ We’re holdin’ a court meetin’ in the
kitchen,” Martin said curtly. “ I’ll
take you round to the sittin’-room. You
wait there. Lucky you haven’t a gun
on you,” he added, while his practised
eye searched Keel from head to foot.

  The prisoner made no reply and fol-
lowed his warden into the little candle-
lighted room, where he seated himself
on a bear-skin couch.

  Why was Louise not there to greet
him ? Keel asked himself as he sat alone,
pondering. Had she failed? For him-
self he did not care, but it was painful
to imagine that Louise, fighting, in the
adjoining room, a crowd of hardened
rangers, was feeling the pangs of de-
feat.

  He could hear the sounds of shuf-
fling boots and excited talking coming
from the kitchen. The sitting-room
clock ticked off five—ten—fifteen min-
utes while this confusion held on. Then
the talking seemed carried on alter-
nately by two, while the others were
attentively listening.

  Keel tried to recognize the voices, but
the heavy dividing door deadened them
to low, indistinct mumblings. For a
time the mumbling burst again into
volume, to decrease suddenly to one
tense voice emphasized by a man’s fist
striking the table three times.

  This was followed by a silence.

  Though he had no clue to the suppo-
sition, he was certain that some one
was writing. The vigilance commit-
tee was orderly, in its own way, and
it usually put its verdicts down in wri-
ting, because one of its members was
thought to be versed in technical forms.

  The silence was charged with an all-
pervading suspense. Keel was merely
a sensitive, transmitting instrument—a
110

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

meter, recording the clock-strokes,
ominous and slow, the pulse of Fate.

  The talking and scraping of boots
began again. There was a pushing
back of benches and chairs and a gen-
eral clearing of throats. The men were
gathering at the sitting-room door.

  As they filed in and circled about him
Keel saw that Louise and Mrs. Martin
were not present. Why did they re-
main in the kitchen.

  Fortunately, he had not long to pon-
der this question, for Joseph Stringer
stepped before him and spoke in a voice
which lacked the characteristic boldness
of the old man.

  “ I’m instructed to read,” he began,
“ the verdict of this court meetin’,
which is as follows:

    “ We, the members of the Vigilance
  Committee, organized to enforce the
  laws in protection of the people, find
  Jack Keel, here present, guilty of kill-
  ing Charles Stringer, known as * Red.*

    “ Upon considering all evidence, we
  find it necessary to acquit Jack Keel.

. We also find him to be a man of hon-
  or, and we unite in pledging him our
  good will.

    “ Signed by all members present.”

  Jack Keel did not feel elated at this
unexpected turn of affairs.

  In the riot of his emotions he knew
not whether to be happy or sad, but
he did feel a great unworthiness, es-
pecially toward Joseph Stringer; and
if he had any definite resolve at the
moment, it was to thank the old vet-
eran.

  “ Mr. Stringer,” Keel said, when his
opportunity came, “ I can’t believe that
you’d care to touch this right hand; I
can’t express my thanks otherwise.”
There was still a struggling hardness
in the withered face, but Stringer an-

swered with a kindness which he brave-
ly tried to feel.

  “ Let’s forget it,” he said. " As for
your thanks, give them to Louise Sum-
mers and to Mrs. Martin. They did it.”
Then, to make amends for his lapse
into sentiment, he turned to his men
and said gruffly: “ Any bunch o’ gun-
packin’ rangers that’d let a pair o’ skirts
ride over ’em rough-shod, has no busi-
ness bein’ out this time o’ night. Give
the women a chance at Keel now. Hike
out ? ”

  The men soon found their hats in
such obscure corners as only mountain-
eers could discover as places of modest
concealment, and, with sheepish, con-
gratulatory remarks to Keel, stalked
out to their horses, accompanied by
Pete Martin.

  Then Louise came in.

  “ Now you won’t have to leave these
dear old hills 1 ” she exclaimed when
she could speak.

“ No,” he replied. “ I guess I’ll have
to stay here now and prove up on my
new reputation. You will help me?”
Her answer was more convincing
than speech.

  The clock was not alone in filling this
period. There was a far-off bustle of
departing riders, a friendly laugh or
two and “ Good nights ” exchanged.
Through the kitchen door, near which
Keel and Louise stood, came the faint
clatter of dishes. Also, through this
closed door radiated the personality of
Mrs. Martin.

  “ I wonder,” whispered Louise, “ if
you aren’t thinking what I am ? ”

  “ I was thinking of Mrs. Martin.”

  “ So was I. Shall we tell her ? ”

  He took her hand and then rapped
reverently on the kitchen-door.

SORROW AND JOY.

 Anoaymofls,

CORROW treads heavily and leaves behind
A deep impression, e'en when she departs:
While joy trips by, with steps as light as wind,
And scarcely leaves a trace upon our hearts.
Rex T. Stout

CHAPTER L

THE CONVENT.

Richard stetton stopped

at the first turn into the
’ main street and gazed down
its length, lit by the soft brilliance of
the moon.

  What he had seen in the last hour
made him regret that he had come to
Fasilica; he cursed the insatiable and
morbid curiosity of youth that had
brought him there.

  Gutters running with blood; wild-
eyed Turks, drunk with victory, strik-
ing down men, women, and children
and looting their pockets and homes;
the pitiful cowardice of the small gar-
rison of soldiers whose duty it was to
protect the little town with their lives;
all this filled him with a revolting dis-
gust and made him long to flee some-
where, anywhere, away from the
sights and sounds of this night of
horror.

  Suddenly, as he stood wondering
which way to turn, surrounded on
every side by the terrible din and con-
fusion of the stricken city, he was
startled by hearing a new sound that
rose above all the others.

  It was the ringing of a bell, in wild,
irregular strokes that seemed to epit-

omize the cries of suffering and de-
spair which filled the streets from one
end of the town to the other.

  Stetton looked up; there could be
no doubt of it—the sound of the bell
came from the air directly above; and
there, before his eyes, he saw the form
of a belfry in the shape of a cross ap-
pearing dimly in the moonlight, at the
top of a low, rambling building of
dark stone, against which he was at
that moment leaning.

  The significance of the cross did not
escape the young man; his face went
white as he murmured: “ A convent!
God pity them! ”

  He turned and started to retrace his
steps down the little street through
which he had reached the center of the
town.

  As he turned he was jostled rough-
ly by three or four Turks who were
rushing past with drawn bayonets, and
he again sought the shelter of the wall.
Other soldiers came, until a group of
thirty or more were gathered on the
street in front of the stone building.

  “ This is the place,” they were call-
ing to one another. “ How do we get
in?”

  They were searching along the wall
for an entrance to the convent.

  From round the corner there came
112

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

a great shout of triumph and exulta-
tion, from many gruff throats.

  “ Come, they have found it! ”
called the soldiers, as they disappeared
in the direction whence the cries came.

  Stetton, following them round the
corner, saw in one glance that the con-
vent and its occupants were doomed.
A hundred or more soldiers were
banging away with stones and pav-
ing-blocks at a little iron gate set be-
tween two pillars at the foot of a short
flight of steps.

  Others were approaching at a run
down the street from either direction,
having left their victims to a short
respite at the scent of this larger and
richer prey. The bell above continued
to ring in a wild and vain cry to
Heaven for assistance.

  The gate trembled, hung crazily on
one hinge, and fell. For an instant
the soldiers hung back, then swept
toward the opening in a mad rush.

  Stetton saw, just within the door,
the figure of a woman, bent and gray-
haired, standing in the path of the in-
vaders with uplifted arm. A stone
hurled by the foremost soldier struck
her in the face, and she sank to the
ground, while the soldiers surged
through the gateway over her body.

  Stetton, feeling himself grow faint,
again turned the corner to escape the
fearful scene. Then, possessed of a
sudden hot anger against these men
whom war had turned into wild beasts,
he halted and looked round as though
for some magic wand or brand from
Heaven with which to annihilate them.

  His eye, roving about thus in help-
less fury, fell on an open window set
in the wall of the convent, not three
feet above his head. It was protected
by iron bars, through which the dim
light of a candle escaped to meet that
of the moon outside.

  Without stopping to consider the
reason or rashness of his action, Stet-
ton rushed into the street, picked up
a heavy stone and hurled it with all
his force at the window. It struck
squarely in the center, bending two

of the bars aside for a space of a foot
or more.

  In another second the young man
had leaped up and caught one of the
bars, and, pulling his body up and
squeezing it through the space left by
the stone, found himself within the
convent.

  He stood in a small room with a
low ceiling, entirely bare and unoccu-
pied. At one end was a narrow door!
he crossed to it, and, stopping on the
threshold, stood transfixed with aston-
ishment.

  Before him was a room exactly
similar to the other. Two wooden
chairs were placed against the wall at
the right. A closet stood on the op-
posite side, and in the center was a
wooden table holding some scattered
papers, a Bible, and a crucifix. Near
the left wall was a prie-dieu; and be-
fore it, on the bare stone floor, knelt
the figures of a young woman and a
girl.

  It was the sight of the young
woman that had halted Stetton and
rendered him speechless. At the noise
of his entrance she had turned her
head to face him without moving
from her position, and it was not
strange that he was startled by the
beauty of her face even in that mo-
ment of excitement.

  Her hair, magnificently golden,
flowed over the folds of her gray
dress and covered the ground behind;
her eyes, whose deep, blue-gray color
could be perceived even in the dim
candle light, gazed compellingly
straight into the face of the intruder.
He remained silent, returning the gaze.

  The girl who knelt beside the young
woman—a small, slender creature
with black hair and olive skin — sud-
denly sprang to her feet and crossed
to the center of the room, while her
black eyes snapped viciously at the
young man in the doorway.

  “ Coward! ” she said in a low tone
of hatred and fear. “ Strike! Are
you afraid, because we are two to one?
Strike!”
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

113

  “ Vivi!”

 It was the young woman who
called. She had risen to her feet and
made a step forward.

  “You are not—with them?” she
continued, as her eyes again found
Stetton’s and seemed to take in every
detail of his face and clothing. “ You
are of the town—you will save us ? ”
The young man found his voice.

 “ I am an American. I came
through the window. I will save you
if I can. They have already entered
the convent—listen! ”

  From the corridors without came
the sound of tramping feet and shout-
ing voices.

  “ There is no time to be lost.”

  The girl and the young woman
gazed about in terror, crying: “ What
shall we do ? Save us! ”

  Stetton tried to collect his wits.

  “ Is there no way out—no secret
passage? ”

  “ None.”

  “ The rear entrance ? ”

  “ It can be reached only by the main
corridor,” replied the young woman.
“ The roof? ”

  “ There is no way to reach it.”

  “ But where are the others? Surely
you are not alone here? Have they
escaped ? ”

  The young woman opened her lipsi
to reply, but the answer came from
another quarter. As Stetton spoke,
the oaths and ejaculations of the sol-
diers in the corridors without were
redoubled, and a series of frightful
screams sounded throughout the con-
vent. The shrieks of distress and
despair rose even above the hoarse
cries of the soldiers; they came evi-
dently from the room on the other side
of the wall. The face of the girl was
white as she looked at Stetton and
stammered:

  “ They are in the chapel. They
were hiding there. God pity them! ”
She approached the young man
with trembling knees and an eloquent
gesture of appeal; he stood as though
paralyzed by the cries from beyond
8 S

  The cries grew louder. Footsteps
and the gruff voices of soldiers were
heard approaching down the corridor
outside; another moment and they
would be discovered.

  Feeling a hand on his arm, Stetton
turned to find the young woman ga-
zing at him with eyes that held impa-
tience and resolution, but nothing of
fear.

  “ Could we not escape through the
window ? ” Her voice was firm and
calm.

  “ The window ? ” Stetton repeated
stupidly.

  Suddenly roused, he turned and ran
swiftly into the next room and glanced
through the barred window by which
he had entered. The street without
was deserted.

  With a word to the others, who had
followed and stood at his side, he
squeezed his way through the bars and
dropped to the ground below, falling
to his knees. He got to his feet in
time to catch the girl as she was
pushed through the window by her
companion. The young woman fol-
lowed, disdaining any assistance as she
came down lightly as a bird, and they '
stood together in the dimly lighted
street.

  Knowing that, close as they were to
the main thoroughfare, they were apt
to be discovered at any moment, Stet-
ton lost no time in discussion of a
route.

  “ Run! ” he whispered, pointing
down the narrow street by which he
had approached the center of the
town.

  The young woman hesitated.

  “ But you? ”

  “I’ll follow. Go! ”

  As they ran the shouts of the drunk-
en soliders and the cries of their vic-
tims assailed their ears from behind,
urging them forward. The street
which they were following—crooked
and narrow, and saved from darkness
only by the fading light of the moon
—appeared to be completely deserted,
and the houses on either side were
114

 ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

closed and shuttered and without
lights.

  Here and there a head appeared,
thrust through a door or window, but
at their approach was hastily with-
drawn. It was evident that this street
had not yet been invaded; their escape
seemed a certainty—but where to find
a safe retreat? Stetton overtook his
companions and spoke as they ran:

  “ Do you know the town ? Do you
know any place to go ? ”

  The young woman shook her head.

  “ No.”

  “ Then follow this street. We must
take to the country. If I could find
General Nirzann—I know him—”

  This suggestion—a somewhat fool-
ish one under the circumstances—
brought no response, and they con-
tinued their rapid flight. They had al-
ready passed three or four cross
streets, and Stetton was beginning to
think they were well beyond danger,
when, as they reached the next cross-
ing, they were suddenly confronted by
a band of Turks who pounced on
them from behind a little wooden
building on the corner.

  At the same moment, glancing to
the left, Stetton was dimly aware of
a fresh burst of shouts and outcries
as the soldiers came rushing into the
street from the other end and began a
furious assault on the doors and win-
dows of the houses and shops.

  As the group of six or seven soldiers
stopped directly in the path of the
fugitives, they appeared to hesitate
momentarily. Stetton heard one of
them cry, “ Come on, they have noth-
ing! To the stores! ”

  Then, catching sight of the face of
the young woman as she stood cling-
ing to Stetton’s arm, the speaker
jerked himself forward and stared at
her with a drunken leer.

  “ Allah! A beauty! ” he laughed,
and grasped her roughly by the shoul-
der.

  Even as he acted, Stetton cursed
himself for his folly. He knew that
the little slip of paper in his breast-

pocket, signed by General Nirzann,
would permit him to pass unmolested,
though it would be useless to protect
his companions.

  With a rapid glance he counted the
group of soldiers — there were seven
of them. Against such odds what
could he do? He was a man of cau-
tion ; he thrust his hand into his pocket
and brought forth the slip of paper.

  As he did so the leader of the band
jerked the young woman violently
forward and caught her in his arms.

  It was then that Stetton acted, curs-
ing his own folly. Leaping forward,
he struck the soldier a savage blow in
the face with his fist.

  The soldier staggered back with a
cry of surprise and pain, releasing his
hold on his intended victim.

  “ Pig! ” he screamed, rushing at
Stetton. His comrades sprang to his
assistance with upraised bayonets and
pistols.

  Before they could reach him Stetton
had thrust the young woman and the
girl to one side, calling to them to
run. Then he himself leaped aside,
barely missing the point of the fore-
most bayonet. Dashing off to the
right he had joined his companions be-
fore the soldiers had time to turn, and
was racing down the street at the top
of his speed.

  The girl who had been called Vivi
caught his hand as he came up to
them, saying, “Are you hurt?” Stet-
ton shook his head and urged them
forward.

  The sound of pistol shots came from
behind, and bullets whistled past their
ears. Then the shouts of the soldiers
as they started in wild pursuit, shoot-
ing as they ran.

  There came a sudden, sharp cry
from the young woman:

  “ Are you hurt ? ” panted Stetton.
“ In the arm. It is nothing,” she an-
swered, without slackening her pace.

  Glancing behind, Stetton muttered
an oath as he saw that the soldiers
were gaining on them. The street ran
straight ahead as far as he could see
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

115

in the moonlight, and he knew that'a
turn to the right or left would proba-
bly land them in the arms of another
of the bands of marauding soldiers.

  To escape by flight appeared impos-
sible. With a hasty glance toward
either side of the narrow street, in
search of a possible refuge, he saw,
some distance ahead and to the right,
a house, through the window of which
appeared the feeble light of a candle.
It was removed somewhat from the
street; reaching it, Stetton dashed
suddenly onto the gravel walk in front,
pulling his companions after him.

  The door was locked; he rattled the
knob and pounded frantically on the
panels with his fists; the soldiers had
turned into the path and were now but
a short distance away.

  “ In Heaven’s name, open! ” shout-
ed the young man.

 His companions had crouched
against the door, locked in each other’s
arms. There was the sound of bolts
drawn back, the door flew open, and
the fugitives tumbled within.

  Stetton heard a man’s voice calling
to the young woman and the girl to go
to the rear of the house, to escape the
bullets that were coming through the
door. He turned to face the speaker
—a giant of a man with a bushy black
beard, who was relocking and bolting
the door.

  “ How many are there ? ” asked the
man with the beard, pulling Stetton
aside, out of range from the door.

  “ Seven.”

  “ Turks?”

  " Yes.”

  The man with the beard muttered
an oath and ran to a window. Soon
he called out:

  “ They seem to be out of ammuni-
tion. The drunken devils! Come
here! ”

  Stetton joined him and looked
through the window. The soldiers
had halted a dozen paces from the
door, and the one who had felt Stet-
ton’s fist appeared to be urging the
others to make an attack.

  Suddenly the man with the beard
pulled a revolver from his pocket,
thrust it through the glass of the win-
dow, and fired into their midst. One
of the soldiers fell; the others, with-
out stopping to look after their com-
rade, took to their heels and disap-
peared down the moonlit street.

  “ Cowards! ” the man grunted con-
temptuously, pocketing his revolver.
Then he turned to Stetton:

  “You had better look after your
companions—I’ll stay here.”

  “ But how—I don’t know where—”

  “ You must remain for the night.
By morning the officers will get these
brutes under control, and you can re-
turn home. There are two rooms
with beds in the rear. If you need me,
you will find me in there,” he finished,
pointing to a room on the right.

  “But, pardon me, are you alone?”
The man with the beard gazed at
Stetton with piercing eyes. “ Young
man, you talk too much. But then—
no wonder—it is your confounded
English impertinence.”

  “ American,” Stetton smiled.

  “ It is all the same.”

  “ We do not think so.”

  “ Well—leave me.” Black eyes
flashed above the black beard. “ Any-
way, all this,” he made a circle with
his arm to encompass the war-de-
vastated city of Fasilica, “ this is all
the result of your impudent interfer-
ence. These mountains were made
for us to rest our feet on. And if
the Turks did not have your favor to
rely upon—if you would leave it to
us—”

  Stetton had started to leave the
room, but turned at the door.

  “ Us?”

  The man with the beard scowled un-
pleasantly.

  “ Yes, us. I am a Russian, sir.”

  The scowl deepened; and Stetton,
thinking that this-was a strange host.,
indeed, turned without making any
reply and went in search of the young
woman and the girl. He found them
in a room in the rear, crouched on a
116

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

bed in the corner. At his entrance they
sprang to the floor and advanced to
meet him with an eager question:

  “ The soldiers?”

  “ They have gone,” said Stetton.
“ You are safe.”

  His eyes were fastened on the face
of the young woman; now that they
had leisure for the feast, they could
not leave it.

  Wondrously beautiful she was, in-
deed; almost supernaturally so; what
with the whiteness of her velvet skin,
her glorious golden crown of hair, and
the bright glitter of her gray-blue eyes.
But even in that moment, when Stetton
felt for the first time her compelling
fascination, he beheld those gray-blue
eyes with something like a shudder as
they gazed boldly into his own.

  “ Our host frightened the soldiers
away,” he said, recovering himself with
an effort. “ We are safe for the night
—we can sleep here—and by morning
the trouble will be over.”

  “ Oh, but you are good to us! ” cried
Vivi, advancing with outstretched
hand.

  She was a girl of seventeen or eight-
een, while her companion was perhaps
five years older. Her modest attrac-
tions, though by no me&ns contempt-
ible, were completely eclipsed by the
other’s bold beauty.

  “ You are so good to us! ” Vivi re-
peated.

  The young woman smiled.

  “ Indeed, you have earned our grati-
tude,” she said. “ If it had not been
for you—but it is too horrible to think
about. It would be absurd to try to
thank you—monsieur—”

  “ My name is Stetton—Richard
Stetton.”

  “ And mine is Aline Solini. My
little friend is Vivi Janvour—French,
as you can see. There is nothing to tell
about ourselves; when one has entered
a convent the past is dead.”

  “ And the future ? ” asked Stetton,
wondering if he meant anything by the
question.”

  “ That, too.”

    “ Still, it seems a shame to bury a
 flower.”

    “ When it is withered ? ” Aline So-
 lini smiled.

    “ I was about to add, when it is yet
 fresh and beautiful.”

    “ You are bold, M. Stetton.”

   “ Pardon me—I have eyes, and my
 tongue speaks for them—” Stetton
 stopped suddenly and cried: “ But I
 forgot! You are wounded and need
 immediate attention.”

    Aline shrugged her shoulders.

    “ It is nothing.”

    But Stetton insisted, and finally she
 uncovered her arm for his inspection.
 The wound was by no means serious—
 scarcely painful — but the white skin
 was torn apart for a space of an inch
 or more, and an ugly red line extended
 below the elbow. With an exclamation

-	of concern Stetton disappeared, and
 soon returned with a hasin of water and
 some strips of cloth.

   Noting Vivi's smile at his clumsy
 efforts to bathe and bandage the
 wound, he allowed her deft fingers to
 take the place of his awkward ones,
 watching her in silence from a seat on
 the edge of the bed.

    Now that the danger was past, Stet-
 ton was congratulating himself on hav-
 ing met with so interesting an adven-
 ture. And, he added complacently in
 his thoughts, it was apt to become more
 interesting still. If it did not, it would
 be no fault of his.

   He looked at Aline, wondering how
 so glorious a creature had persuaded
 herself to abjure the world and its
 pleasures; in the usual total ignorance
 of the American Protestant concerning
 the Roman Church, he supposed that
 no one ever entered a convent without
 taking the veil.

    Well, nun or Ninon, she was perfect,
 he was reflecting, when he was sudden-
 ly startled by the sound of her voice:

   “ You are staring at me, M. Stet-
 ton.”

    “ Forgive me,” stammered the young
 man. “ I was thinking.”

    “ I admire boldness,” said Aline, and
rA PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

117

though her tone was playful, her eyes
were cold. She turned and spoke to
the girl:

  “ Thank you, Vivi; the bandage is
perfect. Do we sleep in this room,
monsieurt ”

  “ There is another,” said Stetton.
“ Perhaps it is more comfortable. Shall
I find it?”

  “ No; this will do very well. We
will leave the other for you.”

  Stetton shook his head, pointing to
the door.

   “ I shall lie there.”

   “ It is unnecessary.”

  “ But if you will permit me—I
should not forgive myself if any harm
came to you—”

  “ Very well.” Aline smiled, extend-
ing her hand. “ Then we will say good
night.”

  Stetton advanced and took the hand
in his own. It was white and soft; he
could feel the warmth of her blood
through the delicate skin. 1 There was
a pressure of the fingers—or did he
imagine it?

  Raising his head, he saw her regard-
ing him with a strange smile at once
cold and friendly, and her eyes held
an invitation that was at the same a
challenge. Stetton felt a thrill run
throughout his body—he could not
have told whether it was pleasure or
fear; still looking into her eyes, he
lifted her hand and touched it with his
lips deliberately.

  Then he turned and left the room
without paying any attention to Vivi,
who had advanced to his side; nor did
he reply to the scarcely audible good
night that came from her lips.

  Half an hour later, having seen the
light of the candle disappear from the
transom above their door, he ap-
proached and knocked lightly and cau-
tiously.

   “ YVell ? ” came Aline’s voice.

  “ Do you wish anything? ”

  “ Nothing, thank you.”

  “ All right, good night.”

  Stetton, having wrapped himself in
blankets obtained from the adjoining

room, lay down on the floor across the
doorway to dream of golden hair and
piercing gray-blue eyes.

CHAPTER II.

THE MAN WITH THE BEARD.

  On the following morning the streets
of Fasilica bore mute evidence of the
havoc wrought by the looting soldiers
the night before. Well it was that the
commanding officer of the Turkish
forces had halted his victorious troops
in their career of plunder with stern-
ness and resolution, or the little city
would have been leveled to the ground.

  Everywhere doors and windows
hung in splinters; the streets were
strewn with rubbish and articles of
clothing or household goods which the
soldiers had thrown away in their haste
to escape the punishment of their gen-
eral ; great brownish splotches ap-
peared here and there on the pave-
ment, a testimonial to the misfortune
or unhappy resistance of some citi-
zen; and in the business section of the
town many of the buildings had been
destroyed or damaged by fire.

  One of these latter was the convent,
which had been totally denuded of all
its contents. What remained was a
mere skeleton of stone, with its empty
gloominess accentuated by the rays of
the morning sun.

  But the sight appeared to strike
Richard Stetton as a joyful one rather
than a sorrowful. He stood at the
corner of the narrow street at the side,
exactly opposite the barred window
through which he had entered and
escaped the night before.

  Half an hour previous he had left
Aline Solini and Vivi Janvour in the
house where they had found refuge
from the soldiers, with the object of
ascertaining if the convent was in a
condition to admit of their return.
Obviously, it was not; hence Stetton’s
smile of satisfaction. His adventure,
he was telling himself, was not tQ end
with the excitement of the night.
118

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  On his way back to the house he
tried to find something to take to his
companions for breakfast, but no
shops were open; besides, the soldiers
had appropriated nearly everything
eatable for their own use.

  Aline met him at the door of the
room in which she and Vivi had slept.

  In a few words Stetton told her of
the destruction of the convent, and of
the impossibility of their finding shel-
ter there. She received the news quite
calmly, giving him her hand with a
smile and inviting him within the
room. Vivi, who had been sitting in
a chair by the window, rose as he en-
tered, with a timid nod of greeting.

  “ The convent is gone,” said Aline,
turning to her. “ We cannot return
there.”

  “ Gone! ” cried the girl, her face
turning pale. “ But what—are you
sure? ”

  “ I have been there,” said Stetton.
“ It is nothing but an empty ruin.”

  “ Then what are we to do ? ” fal-
tered Vivi, looking at Aline. “ Where
can I go? I have no friends, no home
—nothing.”

  “ You have me.”

  Stetton tried, with a sidelong glance,
to include Aline in this offer, but felt
that the attempt was somehow a fail-
ure. She had crossed to the girl and
put her arm around her shoulder.

  “ Don’t be alarmed, Vivi,” she said.
“ I shall take care of you.”

 “And you—have you a home?”
asked Stetton.

  “I? None.” The tone was hard.
  “Nor friends?”

  “ I have never had any.”

  “ Then—if you will permit me—I
would be only too happy—”

  “ Wait a moment.” Aline had taken
her arm from Vivi’s shoulder and
crossed half - way to Stetton’s side.
“ You are about to offer us your pro-
tection, monsieur? ”

  “ I am,” Stetton nodded.

  “ Then before you continue I have
something to say. Vivi, leave the
room! ”

  The girl looked up in astonishment,
then, as her eyes met those of the
speaker, she crossed to the door with-
out a word and disappeared in the hall
outside, closing the door behind her.
Stetton, left alone with Aline, sat
waiting for her to speak.

  For a moment the young woman
was silent, regarding Stetton with a
gaze of speculation, then she said
abruptly:

  “ I thought it best we should be
alone.”

“ But why ? ” he stammered, frank-
ly puzzled. “ What I have to say—”
“ I know what you would say, but
you think something very different.
Let us be frank.”

  “ I have no reason to be otherwise.”
“ Well, then—what would you
say? ”

  “ Merely this, that I place myself at
your disposal. You are alone, with-
out friends, with no place to go. I
could be of service to you. I will do
whatever you say.”

 “And why?”

  “Need I give a reason?” Stetton
began to be a little exasperated. “ You
are a woman, and in trouble. I am a
man.”

  Aline, smiling, came closer to him.
“ Do not be angry with me. If I
ask questions, it is because my experi-
ence has taught me that they are neces-
sary. You are, then, completely dis-
interested ? ”

  “ Yes, I assure you—”

  Aline Solini came closer, still smil-
ing. Her eyes looked full into Stet-
ton’s, filled, as on the night before,
with something that might have been
either an invitation or a challenge.
There was something in their depths
that frightened the young man and
made him want to look away from
them, but he could not. The woman
stood close beside him as she mur-
mured :

  “ Quite disinterested ? ”

  “No!” Stetton exploded suddenly,
and he grasped her hand in his own
and held it firmly. “ No! ”
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

119

  “ Ah! You have spirit, then. I had
begun to doubt it Perhaps, after
all— But what do you expect ? ”

  “ What you will give,” replied Stet-
ton, emboldened by her tone. He still
held her hand.

  “ I do not give,” said Aline, still
smiling. “ I pay—always.”

  She was quite close to him now; he
could almost feel her breath on his
face. Her lips were parted in a smile,
but the beautiful eyes were cold, and
Stetton was conscious of an over-
mastering desire to see them filled
with warm surrender. At the same
time, he felt a vague uneasiness;
there was something terrifying about
that unwavering gaze |hat seemed to
be weighing him in some secret scale.

  “You may believe it,” he said in an-
swer to her question, while his voice
trembled, “ for it is so.”

  He raised her hand to his lips.

  She drew away from him and sat
down on the edge of the bed.

  “ Well—we can talk of that later,
when you have earned the right. I
have something to say to you, Mr.
Stetton.”

  There was a pause. Presently she
continued:

  “When you offer me your protec-
tion, monsieur, you invite danger.
You found me in a convent I had
gone there not to escape the world, but
a man. No matter why, he is my ene-
my—and I am his.”

  The gray-blue eyes flashed, brilliant
and merciless.

  “ If you help me, he will be yours
as well, and he is not one to be
despised. For more than a year he
has been searching for me, and though
I fancied myself securely hidden in
the convent, I was wrong. In some
way he has traced me to Fasilica; two
weeks ago, as I looked through the
window of my room, I saw him pass
below in the street.

  “ That is why I am willing to accept
your aid; I must leave Fasilica at once.
If he finds me he will kill me, un-
less—”

  She stopped, looking at the young
man significantly.

  “ But who is this man ? ” asked Stet-
ton with dry lips. This was rather
more than he had bargained for.

  “ As for that, I cannot tell you. Is
it not enough that I hate him ? ”
Aline eyed him narrowly. “ If it is
not, that is well, you may leave me.”
“ But who is he? ” repeated Stetton,
who, like all men except heroes of
romance, detested mystery. Besides,
his caution was pulling at his coat-
tails. “ If he finds us—”

  The gray-blue eyes flashed scorn-
fully. “ Oh, if I am not worth the
trouble—” Then she leaned toward
him, softening. “ What, monsieur?
But there, I thought you brave. It
was a mistake, then ? ”

  She smiled.

  Stetton looked at her and his cau-
tion vanished.

  “ Tell me what to do,” he said.

  “ You will help me?”

  “ Yes.”

  “It is dangerous.”

  "I accept the danger.”

  “ Oh,” Aline cried suddenly, spring-
ing to her feet, “ if you kill him, Stet-
ton, I will love you! But yet—wait-
let us understand each other. I must
know what you expect.”

  “ My eyes should tell you that.”

  “ They do—but they say too little.”
  “ It is love that is in them.”

  “ That is not enough.”

  These words had passed rapidly,
and Stetton did not understand them
—or would not, had it not been for
Aline’s significant tone and glance. It
was the meaning of these that made
him hesitate and bring himself up
sharply.

  At his decision you will wonder; but
not more so than he did himself.

  To hear Aline Solini’s words—•
their bluntness, their sharp precision—<
and to hear and see nothing else, was
to lose all the charm of her, which lay
in her electric glance, her soft velvety
tones, her little movements of arms
and shoulders, provocative, alluring,
120

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

calculated to fire the blood of any man
beyond any thought of caution or
price.

  It was not with words that Cleo-
patra persuaded Antony to throw
away an empire to remain at her side.
Words are never the weapon of a
beautiful woman, nor should be. Aline
Solini understood this—she knew full
well the power she held and its source.

  Richard Stetton looked at her.
Young, vain, impressionable, he met
her glance of fire and was lost. It has
been said that her meaning was clear
to him, and for a moment, creditable
to his caution, he hesitated. >

  But some few things there are
which appear to us, even at a first
glance, to be so transcendently price-
less that whatever the value set upon
them they seem to be cheap indeed;
and thus it was with Stetton. Besides,
he did not take the time to consider
consequences—a habit begun in the
cradle. He said:

   “ It is not enough that I love you ? ”
   “Not — No.” This with a smile.
   “ Not—with all it means? ”

  “ That is what I do not know.”
Aline raised a hand toward him, then
let it fall again. “ There can be no
double meaning here, monsieur. You
think I have offered myself to you?
Perhaps; but first I must know what
you ask.”

  Stetton looked at her, and thought
of nothing but what he saw. He burst
forth impetuously:

  “ I am asking you to marry me,
mademoiselle.”

  “Akh!”

  This cry, Russian in accent, tender
and provocative in tone, was all that
was needed to complete the young
man’s madness. He grasped her hand,
standing in front of her, close, and
looking into her eyes. Their glances
melted into each other like a passionate
embrace.

  He whispered:

  “ Say yes—I ask you to marry me
—say yes. Anything—anything! Ah!
Speak to me! ”

  “ Yes—yes—yes! ”

  It was a caress and a promise at
once, tender and yielding. Sudden
tears came to Stetton’s eyes as he fold-
ed her gently in his arms and held her
so for a long time. To look at her
was music; to touch her a song of
love.

  He could not speak; for two min-
utes he remained silent, feeling him-
self overwhelmed by a rush of emo-
tion, strange and sweet, but somehow
—not satisfying. He moved a little
back from her, suddenly demanding:
“When?”

  Aline’s lips were parted in a little
smile at this display of eagerness.
“You must wait,” she said.
“Wait?”

  “ Yes. Have I not said I have an
enemy? You have said you love me;
you have asked me to marry you;
well, we cannot do everything at once.
You must realize that I am in danger,
that I must first escape—”

  “ Your fortunes are mine.”

  Aline flashed a glance at him.

  “ Thank you for that. Then—we
are in danger. But you must make no
mistake. I have not said I love you—
though—perhaps in time— You have
offered me your protection; I have
agreed to marry you; that is all—it is
a bargain. It must wait; we must
first consider our safety.”

  “ Well—” Stetton released her,
stepping back a pace—“ What are we
to do ? ”

  “ We must leave Fasilica.”

  “ Where do you want to go ? ”

  “ Anywhere — stay —” Aline
stopped and appeared to reflect—“ To
Warsaw. Yes, Warsaw. That is
best.”

  “ But how are we to get there ? ”
objected Stetton. “ The whole coun-
try beyond here is nothing but a bat-
tlefield—indeed ”—the young man in-
terrupted himself, struck by a sudden
thought—“ it is most likely that you
will not be allowed to leave Fasilica.”
“ Why should they detain us ? ”

  “ The policy of the Turk. Any one
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

121

who once falls under his authority re-
mains there. But, of course, with the
Allies—and yes, by Heaven, that is it!
I shall see General Nirzann. He is in
command of the Frasars who com-
bined with the Turks in the siege. He
will get me passports—I am sure of
it.”

  “ Do you know him ? ”

  “ Yes—that is, slightly. I came in,
you know, with the army.”

  “ Ah! You are a soldier? ”

  “ No.”

  “ A journalist? ”

  “No. I am merely a curiosity-
seeker. I looked for excitement, and
I found you. Aline! You will let
me call you that ? ”

  “ As you please,” said the young
woman indifferently. “ But what of
General Nirzann? When will you see
him?”

  “ To-day—now—at once.”

  “ That is well. Vivi and I shall wait
here.”

  Stetton turned quickly.

  “ Ah, I had forgotten her! Who is
she? Is she to go with us?”

  “ She is an orphan. Her parents
were French — Janvour was a minor
diplomat, I believe, who died some-
where in the Balkans and left Vivi to
be cared for by the Church. I met her
in the convent. She loves me; we
shall take her with us. And now, go.”
“ Yes.”

  Stetton hesitated a moment, then
bent over Aline to kiss her. But she
held him back, saying, “ Not yet, you
must wait,” in so cold a tone that he
drew away from her half in anger.

  Then, looking into her wonderful
eyes and thinking of the future, so
rich in promise, he turned without an-
other word and left the room to go in
search of General Nirzann. As he
passed Vivi in the hall he heard Aline’s
voice calling to her to return.

  On his way to the street Stetton
stopped for a moment in the front of
the house to look for the man with the
beard, their strange host, but he was
not to be found.

  Once outside, he turned his steps
rapidly toward the center of the town,
which was gradually resuming its nor-
mal appearance as the citizens, reas-
sured by a proclamation of the Turk-
ish commander, came forth to clear
away the debris of the night of pillage.

  At the first corner, where he turned,
Stetton approached a soldier standing
on guard and obtained directions to
the headquarters of General Nirzann.

  As he walked down the narrow sun-
lit street, his mind was working rap-
idly, revolving the incidents of the
night’s adventure and their probable
consequences to himself.

  He did not know what to think of
Aline Solini. What was the truth
about this enemy whom she seemed
to fear so greatly? Was she an ad-
venturess? A political refugee? Per-
haps, even, a fugitive from justice?

  He did *not know. What he did
know was that he was afraid of her.
Those eyes, whose beauty was eclipsed
by the cold light of some implacable
hatred or secret design, were not the
eyes of innocence in distress.

  “ I would do well to be rid of her,”
muttered Stetton as he turned into the
main street. Nevertheless, he con-
tinued to follow the route given by the '
soldier.

  Having looked into Aline Solini’9
face and felt the quick pressure of her
velvety fingers, he was held by them in
spite of his native caution that amount-
ed at times to cowardice.

  “ I would do well to be rid of her,”
he muttered again. Then he remem-
bered the intoxicating promise of her
lips and eyes as she had said: “ You
must wait.”

  As for time, he had plenty of it for
any adventure. His father—a manu-
facturer of food products, with a plant
in Cincinnati and offices in New York
—was wealthy and somewhat of a fool,
both of which facts were evidenced by
his having furnished the necessary
funds for a two years’ tour of the world
by his unpromising son, Richard.

  Richard had been sojourning d la
122

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Soudainc at Budapest, when, on hear-
ing that the mountains to the east were
being invaded by the Turks and Fra-
sars, he had betaken himself thither in
search of sensation.

  At Marisi he had introduced himself
into the camp of the Frasars with let-
ters of introduction from Paris and
Vienna, and had followed them through
their filibustering campaign till they
had joined the Turks in the taking of
Fasilica.

  Then the entry into the town and the
adventure of the night before. He was
telling himself that he had found the
sensation he sought, and, by dint of
dwelling on the face and figure of
Aline Solini, he became filled with a
resolve that amounted almost to hero-
ism.

  He would take her away from Fa-
silica—away from the mysterious en-
emy whom she so evidently feared, to
Moscow, or Berlin, or perhaps even St.
Petersburg.

  He went up the steps of a large stone
building surrounded by a guard of sol-
diers for the protection and dignity of
the general whose temporary headquar-
ers were within.

  In the first room off the hall on the
right Stetton found General Nirzann
seated before a large wooden table on
which were spread maps and papers in
apparent confusion. Near a window
at the farther end stood a small group
of young officers, with swords at their
sides, conversing together in low tones.

  In the rear of the room a telegraph
instrument clicked noisily at intervals.
The orderly who had conducted Stet-
ton into the room stood at attention,
waiting for the general to look up from
his papers.

  General Nirzann sat with lowered
head, evidently lost in thought. He
was a medium-sized man of about for-
ty-two or three years. Beneath his
bristling brows a long, thin nose ex-
tended in a straight line, and under
that, in turn, appeared a dark brown
mustache, turned up at the ends after
the manner of Berlin.

  His dark, rather small eyes, as he
raised them to address the orderly,
were filled with impatience and irrita-
tion. At his nod the orderly turned
and left the room.

  “ What can I do for you ? ” said the
general, looking sharply at Stetton.

  The young man approached a step
nearer the table.

  “ I have come to ask a favor, sir.”

  “ A little more and you would have
been too late. What is it? ”

  Stetton, who did not understand the
remark, but thought he observed a grin
on the face of one of the young offi-
cers who had approached, began to tell
in as few words as possible of having
found the young woman and the girl
in the convent, without, however, men-
tioning the encounter with the soldiers.

  The general waited in silence till he
had finished; then he said:

  “ But what do you want of me ? ”

  “ Passports, sir, to leave the city.”

  “ Who are these women — resi-
dents ? ”

  “ No, sir; that is, they were in the
convent; one is French, the other, I
think, Polish. They wish to go to
Warsaw.”

  For a moment the general was silent,
dropping his eyes on the papers before
him; then he looked up at Stetton:

  “ You know, this is none of your
affair, monsieur. Because you had let-
ters from friends of the prince, you
were allowed to accompany us, but only
on condition that you would stand on
your own responsibility and cause us
no trouble. You have annoyed me on
several occasions; you are annoying
me now. Besides, I do not know that
my protection would be of any use; I
leave Fasilica to-night. You say you
intend to accompany these women to
Warsaw. I am sorry for that. I
should prefer that you remain here to
torment my successor.”

  “ I am sorry, sir—” Stetton began,
but the general interrupted him:

  “ I know, I know; that will do. You
shall have your passports. What are
their names ? ”
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

123

  “ Aline Solini and Vivi Janvour,”
said Stetton.

  General Nirzann had picked up a
pen and begun to write on a pad of pa-
per, but suddenly threw the pen down
and said:

  “ After all, that will not do. I shall
have to see these women and question
them. Confound it, Stetton, you are
more trouble than a dozen armies!
Can you bring them here at once ? ”
The young man hesitated, thinking
rapidly. Aline had said her enemy
was in Fasilica; would it not be dan-
gerous for her to appear on the streets
in the daytime? But the passports
must be obtained; it was necessary to
take the risk. Stetton answered:
“Yes, sir; I can bring them.”

  “ Very well, do so.” And the gen-
eral turned again to his papers, indi-
cating that the interview was ended.

  On his way out of the building
Stetton, meeting a young lieutenant
whom he knew, stopped him to ask why
General Nirzann was leaving Fasilica.

  “ You haven’t heard? ” said the offi-
cer, smiling. “ The prince has recalled
him to Marisi and sent old Norbert in
his place. He’s in for a picking.”

  “ Well,” thought Stetton, “ that
means that we must get our passports
as soon as possible,” and he set out
down the street at a rapid walk.

  He found Aline and Vivi, especially
the latter, in a fever of impatience and
anxiety. As soon as he told them that
it would be necessary for them to go
with him to General Nirzann for their
passports, this gave way to genuine
alarm, in spite of his assurances that
no harm would come to them.

   “ I do not like it,” said Aline, frown-
ing. “ Besides — you know — it is
scarcely safe for me to appear in the
streets.”

  “ But what are we to do? ” demand-
ed Stetton.

  “ Are the passports necessary? ”

  “ Positively. Every road out of the
city is guarded.”

  “ Then we must make the best of
it.” The vo-iii" woman turned to Stet-

ton suddenly: “ It is well you returned
when you did; Vivi was frightened.
Some one has been tramping up and
down in the room in front as though
he would tear the house down. Where
are we ? Who was it that let us in last
night? I did not see him.”

  “ Russian, he said he was,” replied
Stetton. “ By the way, we must thank
him before we leave. I have not seen
him this morning. We owe him our
lives, perhaps.”

  They made ready to depart. Vivi
was clinging to Aline’s arm, evidently
completely dazed at her sudden con-
tact with the whirl of life, for she had
spent most of her years in the convent.
As they passed into the hall and to-
ward the front of the house, she kept
muttering a prayer to herself under her
hreath.

  At the end of the hall, Stetton, who
was in front, stopped and knocked on
a door leading to a room on the left.
After a moment’s wait a gruff voice
sounded:

  “ Come in.”

  Stetton looked at Aline. She nod-
ded, and all three of them passed in-
side.

  The man with the beard was seated
in a chair by the window, holding in
his hand what appeared to be a photo-
graph. As the newcomers entered
and he caught sight of the women he
rose to his feet and bowed.

  “ We stopped to give you our
thanks and to say good-by,” said Stet-
ton. “ I assure you, sir—”

  “ You! Mon Dicu! ”

  The cry came from Aline.

  At the same moment that it reached
his ears Stetton saw the face of the
man with the beard grow livid with
violent emotion, and his eyes flashed
fire. The next instant, before Stetton
had time to move, the man with the
beard had leaped past him to the
door, which he locked, putting the
key in his pocket.

  Aline had at first started for the
door, but, intercepted in that attempt,
had retreated to the other side of the
124

ALL-STORY WEEKLY*

room, where she stood behind a heavy
table at a safe distance; and when the
man with the beard turned after lock-
ing the door he found himself looking
straight into the muzzle of a revolver,
held firmly in her small, white hand.

  Stetton and Vivi stood speechless
with astonishment, unable to speak or
move.

  “ Stand where you are, Vasili.” It
was Aline’s voice, calm and terrible.
“ If you move I shall shoot! ”

  “ Bah! ” said the man with the
beard, with supreme contempt. Never-
theless, he stood still. “ You may
shoot if you like; you will not hit me,
and you will not escape me. Eate will
see to that.

  “ It has sent you to me, daughter
of hell that you are! I am coming;
you know my strength, Marie; I am
going to choke the life out of your
lying throat with these fingers.”

  As he moved a step forward he ex-
tended his hands in a terrible gesture
of menace and hate.

  “Look out, Vasili—not a step!”
Disregarding the warning, he leaped
forward with incredible agility for
his ponderous frame.

  As he did so the report of the re-
volver sounded loud and deafening in
the small room, and the man with the
beard, halted midway in his leap for
vengeance, dropped to the floor with
a bullet in his side.

  Aline stood- motionless, with the
smoking barrel leveled at the pros-
trate form. “ See if he is dead, Stet-
ton,” she said calmly.

  The young man jerked himself for-
ward, crying: “Good Heavens!
Aline, what have you done? ”

  “ Fool! ” she exclaimed, “ does the
sound of a pistol frighten you?”
Then, moving round the table and
looking at the form on the floor:
“ And so, Vasili, you found me. So
much the worse for you.”

  Suddenly the form moved, and,
muttering a dreadful curse, the man
tried to rise to his knees, but sank
back helpless.

  “So? You are not dead?” said
Aline in a tone indescribable.

  She raised the revolver and pointed
it at the head of the wounded man.
But Stetton sprang across and, snatch-
ing the revolver from her hand, threw
it out of the window before she could
pull the trigger. Then he shrank
back before Aline’s furious glance.

  “ Aline! Aline! ” Vivi was crying.
“ Aline! ”

  “ Silence, Vivi! ” The young wom-
an turned to Stetton. “ We are ready
now to go.”

  “ But he may be dying! We can-
not leave him—”

  “ Let us hope so. But for you I
would have finished him. Take us to
General Nirzann’s.”

  Stetton, completely subdued by the
tone of her voice and the imperious
look of her eyes, opened the door,
taking the key from the pocket of the
man with the beard, not without a
shudder, and let them pass out before
him.

  Aline had her arm around the shoul-
der of Vivi, whose face was deadly
pale.

  Stetton followed, after a last hasty
glance at the prostrate form on the
floor, and a moment later they were
making their way down the street to-
ward the headquarters of the general.

CHAPTER III.

MARISI.

  Often, unwittingly, the shepherd
leads his flock, or a member of it,
straight into the jaws of the wolf.
Similarly Stetton conducted Aline and
Vivi before the gaze of General Paul
Nirzann.

  If he had been only partially ac-
quainted with the fashionable gossip
of Marisi he would have taken them
to sleep in the fields in preference.

  They found the general in the room
where Stetton had had his interview
an hour before.

By this time the group of officers
A-PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

125

had increased to a dozen or more, and
the building was filled with an air of
bustle and activity, incident, no doubt,
to the transfer of the command which
was to take place at noon. Orderlies
were hurrying to and fro, and the
the telegraph instrument clicked con-
tinuously, while the low hum of voices
was heard on every side.

An orderly approached the general:
“ Richard Stetton asks to see you,

    99

 sir.

  The general looked up. “ Is he
alone ? ”

  “No, sir; two women are with
him.”

  “ Show them in.”

  A minute passed, while General
Nirzann busied himself with the in-
ventory of ordnance to be handed
over to his successor. Then, hearing
an ejaculation of astonishment from
the officers near the door, he looked
up sharply.

  Aline Solini had entered the room,
followed by Vivi and Stetton.

  The eyes of General Paul Nirzann
widened in an involuntary stare as
they- rested on the face of the young
woman, while the officers crowded
together near the table with murmurs
of admiration, which caused a flush
of resentment to mount to Stetton’s
brow, and Vivi shrank closer to him,
trembling.

Aline stood perfectly composed,
though her face was slightly pale.

  “ Are these the women who desire
the passports ? ” asked the general,
looking at Stetton.

   “ Yes, sir.”

  The general regarded them for a
moment in silence, then spoke to
Aline:

  “ What is your name ? ”

  “ Solini—Aline Solini.”

  “And yours?”

  But Vivi could not utter a syllable,
and Aline answered for her:

  “ Mile. Vivi Janvour.”

  “ Where do you wish to go ? ”

  “ Warsaw.”

  “ You were residing, I believe, in

the convent. Are you citizens of Fa-
silica ? ”

  “ No, sir.”

  “Where do you come from?”
Aline hesitated perceptibly before
she answered:

  “ I am from Odessa.”

  “And Mile. Janvour?”

  “ She is from Paris. Her father,
now dead, was Pierre Janvour, a
French diplomat.”

  “You say you are from Odessa?”
  “ Yes, sir.”

  “Are you married?”

  “ No—that is—I am not.”

  The eyes of the general narrowed.
“ You seem to be in doubt on the
question,” he observed dryly.

  “ I beg your pardon, sir ”—Aline’s
eyes flashed with resentment—“ I said
I am not married.”

  “ Very well, very well,” The gen-
eral was silent for a moment, then he
continued: “ I think, mademoiselle, I
should like to question you further—<
alone. Gentlemen, leave us.”

  The officers went out in a body,
with backward glances at Aline; then
the general rang for an orderly and
told him to conduct Stetton and Vivi
to another room. Stetton opened his
mouth to protest, but was stopped by
a glance from Aline, which said
plainly: “ Be easy; I can handle him.”
As he waited with Vivi in a room
at the further end of the hall, Stetton
was consumed with impatience at the
delay. He had before his eyes a pic-
ture of the man with the beard lying
wounded on the floor, and he wanted
only one thing now: to get out of
Fasilica, and that as soon as possible.

  What if he had been only slightly
injured — what if he had followed
them and was even now entering the
headquarters of the general ? He
went to the door of the room and
looked down the hall; no one was to
be seen but the guard at the entrance.

  “After all, Aline was right; I was
a fool to interfere,” he muttered.

  “ I beg your pardon; what did you
say ? ”
126

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

  It was Vivi’s voice; he had forgot-
ten her.presence.

  “ Nothing,” he answered, turning.
“ I was thinking aloud.”

  Presently the girl spoke again:

  “ Do you know who that—that man
was, M. Stetton ? ”

  “ What man ? ” Stetton affected not
to understand.

  “ The one—we left—back there.”

  “ No.” Stetton looked at her. “ Do
you ? ”

  “ No. I know nothing. How could
Aline do it? You heard—she would
not allow me to speak to her on the
way here. She has been so good—I
have always loved her so! ”

  " Did you know her before she
came to the convent ? ” asked Stetton.

  “ No. I saw her first there. I was
not allowed to be with her, and she
used to come to my room at night to
talk. She was there last night when
the soldiers came—and you.”

  There was something in the last
two words that sounded pleasantly in
Stetton’s ears. He looked at the girl.
“ So that was your room ? ”

  “Yes. I have lived there ever
since I can remember. It was so pleas-
ant after Aline came, and now—”
Vivi shuddered and turned away.

“ Now it will be pleasanter still,”
declared Setton, “ as soon as we get
away from Fasilica, You will see.
You know nothing of pleasure, child.”
He was surprised to hear her cry:

  “ But I do! And I am not a child! ”
“ No? ” he said, amused. “ Par-
don me, Mile. Janvour.”

  He walked to the door again and
looked down the hall. It remained
empty.

  “ What the deuce can they be do-
ing? ” he muttered, and took to pacing
up and down the room.

  Vivi had.seated herself in a chair,
and her face betrayed an anxiety as
keen as his own. For twenty minutes
or more they continued to wait thus
in silence, and Stetton had about de-
cided to investigate for himself when
the orderly appeared at the door to

announce that General Nirzann re-
quested his presence.

  Vivi accompanied him. They found
the general still seated at the table,
while Aline occupied a chair at one
end. As they entered, the general
rose to his feet and bowed politely,
while Aline sent a reassuring smile to
Vivi.

  “ I beg your pardon, mademoiselle/*
said General Nirzann, “ for having
subjected you to an inconvenience that
you perhaps regarded as a discour-
tesy. Believe me, it was not so in-
tended. Mile. Solini has explained
everything satisfactorily.”

  Setton sighed with relief.

  “And the passports?”

  “ They will not be necessary, M.
Stetton. Mile. Solini has changed
her mind—the privilege of every wom-
an. She is going to Marisi; and, since
I myself leave for that place this aft-
ernoon, she has done me the honor to
accept the protection of my escort.”
Stetton started with anger.

  “ So that is what—” he began vio-
lently, but was interrupted by Aline’s
voice:

  “We shall expect you to accompany
us, M. Stetton. Vivi, too, of course.”
“ But I thought you wanted to go
to Warsaw!” the young man protest-
ed; then, catching a significant glance
from Aline, he checked himself and
said: “ Of course, as the general says,
you have a right to change your mind.
And, since I have nothing else to do,
I shall be glad to go with you.”

  This apparently did not please Gen-
eral Nirzann; he frowned at Stetton
with evident hostility, saying: “ It is
not necessary.” Whereupon the young
man smiled provokingly.

  “ Nevertheless, as Mile. Solini in-
vites me, I shall go. And now, sir,
we must leave you; the ladies have not
breakfasted.”

  “ They can breakfast here,” said
the general.

  “ Nor I.”

  “ Well—and you, too.”

  Stetton hesitated. He wanted to.
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

127

refuse, but caution advised otherwise.
At this moment, he reflected, the man
with the beard, breathing vengeance,
might be searching the streets for its
object; decidedly they were safer
where they were, especially under the
protection of the general. He ended
by accepting.

  Breakfast was served to them in a
room on the floor above by General
Nirzann’s personal steward — fruit
and eggs and rich, yellow cream from
some neighboring farm.

  They ate in silence; once or twice
Stetton started to speak, but was halt-
ed by a glance from Aline, with a nod
at the steward. Then, when they
were finished and the dishes had been
cleared away, she sent Vivi to the
other end of the room and turned to
him with a smile.

  “You look angry, monsieur—and
full of words. Now you may talk.”

  “ Have I not reason to be? ”

  “ Angry?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ What is it? ”

  “ Good Heavens! ” Stetton burst
out. “ Have I not seen you mur—”
“ Stop! ” Aline’s eyes flashed.
“ You are not happy in your choice
of terms. It was in self-defense. He
would have killed me.”

. “Not when he was lying on the
floor helpless,” retorted Stetton. “ I
cannot help my choice of terms. You
would have murdered him.”

  “ I do not deny it,” said Aline
calmly. “ And I do not regret it. He
is not fit to live.”

  “ Who is he? ”

  “ Did I not say I had an enemy ? ”
“ Oh,” said Stetton slowly, “ it was
—the one you told me of?” Aline
nodded, and he continued: “ But I
might have guessed it. Then—of
course I cannot know—nor can I
blame you.”

  A smile appeared on Aline’s lips,
and she stretched out her hand and
placed it on his as it lay on the arm
of his chair.

  “You trust me, do you not?” she

whispered; 'and Stetton, gazing into
her eyes, forgot to look for a meaning
in her words.

  Presently he said:

  “ Still, I failed you. You must
laugh at me when you remember that
I offered you my protection. It was
a sorry bargain you made, mademoi-
selle.”

  “ I do not think so,” said Aline,
with her inscrutable smile. “ I know
why you say that—because I accepted
the protection of General Nirzann.
But was it not best? Our bargain
still holds; I—I do not wish to forget
it ”—Stetton seized her hand—“ and
you may still fulfil your part. Did
you not say you are an American ? ”
Stetton nodded, wondering.

  “ Then,” Aline continued, “ per-
haps it will soon be necessary that you
return to your own country ? ”

  “ No,” said Stetton.

  “ I suppose you are rich, like all
Americans ? ”

  “ I am worth ten millions,” said the
young man impressively. His caution
did not extend to his father’s money.
“Francs, of course?”

  “ No, dollars,” said Stetton.

  “ Well, that is not what I wish to
talk of,” said Aline, who had found
out what she wanted to know. “ It is
this: I have accepted General Nir-
zann’s escort because he declares that
without it we would be unable to get
ten miles from Fasilica. The coun-
try is devastated, and the railroad runs
no farther than Tsevor. We must
leave Fasilica, so what could I do?”

  “ It is best, I suppose,” muttered
Stetton.

  “ There was another reason,” Aline
continued, regarding the young man
speculatively, “ why I accepted Gen-
eral Nirzann’s offer. You will be sur-
prised—so was I. He is my cousin.”
Stetton turned quickly.

  “ Your cousin! ”

  “ Yes, a distant one. He is a
cousin of my mother. We discovered
it quite by accident, while he was
questioning me in your absence. I had
128

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,

never seen him before, but he estab-
lished the fact.”

  Aline smiled.

  “ So you see I have a relative, after
all.”

  Stetton looked at her curiously.
The truth was, he doubted her, and he
was searching for a corroboration of
his doubt in her face.

  She met his gaze unfalteringly. He
ended by believing, and made some
remark concerning the strangeness of
the coincidence by which she had
found this unknown relative.

  “ Yes,” said Aline composedly, “ it
had been so long since I had heard of
him that I had forgotten his very
existence.

  “ But,” she added, “ notwithstand-
ing the fact that he is my cousin, I
do not trust him. He said—it is not
necessary to repeat his words, but I
want you near me till we arrive safely
at Marisi. You see, I trust you.”
Stetton, who had not completely
lost his reason, tried to tell himself
that the timidity of this speech fitted
ill with the resolute and terrible action
of Aline Solini but two hours before;
but what could he do?

  Her eyes were ..now gazing into his
with an expression at once tender and
appealing, and her hand again sought
his and pressed it gently.

  “ Then it is settled,” she said, cross-
ing to the window and looking down
into the street. “ We leave with Gen-
eral Nirzann this afternoon. Vivi!
Come here, child. We must make up
a list of things we will need for the
journey.”

  Stetton started up from his chair,
exclaiming: “ I was a fool not to have
thought of that! Of course, you will
need—here is my purse. Take what
you want.”

  “ Thank you, General Nirzann has
already come to our rescue,” said
Aline. “ An orderly is coming at
noon for my list.”

  “And you accepted! ” Stetton ex-
claimed angrily.

  “ Why not ? It was kind of him.”

  The two women began to write
down the names of the articles they
desired, and Stetton turned away. A
vague sense of uneasiness and danger
was within him; he did not know why
exactly, but he began to ask himself
questions.

  This Aline Solini, who and what
was she? Why did he feel, as though
it were a natural law of his being, that
he must follow her and await her
pleasure? Young as he was, and
cautious, he had not been without af-
fairs of love, but he had always con-
gratulated himself that no woman had
ever made a fool of him. And, he had
added, never would.

  It was evident to him that General
Nirzann, too, had been fascinated by
her. This increased his uneasiness.
Clearly, he would be a fool to have
anything more to do with her; he saw
before him the form of the man with
the beard lying on the floor, with the
revolver pointed at his head, and he
shuddered.

  Then he thought of what she had
just said — of her abrupt question
concerning his fortune. “ She is a
schemer, an adventuress,” he thought,
"and she is too much for me. I will
not go to Marisi.”

  But, looking at Aline, and meeting
her eyes, he felt his resolution waver
within him. He crossed the room to
her side and began to discuss arrange-
ments for the journey.

  Three o’clock that afternoon found
them ready to depart. They were to
travel on horseback to Tsevor, thirty
miles away, where they would take
train for Marisi. A hundred troop-
ers were to conduct them; a precau-
tion rendered necessary by the wild-
ness of the country and the hostility
of its inhabitants to those who had
allied themselves with the Turks.

  Aline and Vivi, attired in coarse
black suits, the best costume obtain-
able in Fasilica, were mounted on
ponies from the mountains—raw,
hungry-looking animals, while Stetton
had been given an old black troop-
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

129

horse. General Nirzann rode a mag-
nificent white Arabian.

   The formalities were few: a salute
 from some five hundred soldiers
 drawn up at attention, and they were
 off down the main street of Fasilica.
 As they passed the convenV-'Stetton
 saw tears in Vivi’s eyeji-aS" she gave a
 last, long look at Jtie. ruins of what
 had shelteredJier^for so many years.

   Aline’s^face was set straight ahead,
 withopt"so much as a farewell glance.

   Efalf of the escort of troopers rode
 ^anead as a vanguard, while the re-
 mainder brought up the rear, riding
 in fours. This until they reached the
 mountains; then they were forced to
 ride in single file by the narrowness
 of the trail, which at times hung to
 the side of a steep precipice, hardly
 more than a shelf.

   Two hours it took them to pass the
 range, and then they found themselves
 again in a level, winding valley—the
 valley of the Schino River, which has
 so often been the scene of bloody con-
 flicts in that war-infested region.

   It was a little past seven o’clock
 when they clattered on to the pave-
 ment of the main street of Tsevor.
 Vivi, who rode at Stetton’s side, was
 greatly fatigued by the unusual and
 violent exercise, and was barely able
 to keep her seat in the saddle.

  Stetton himself was angry and
in ill humor, for General Nirzann
had monopolized Aline’s company
throughout the journey. As he
alighted at the railroad station and
helped Vivi to dismount, he tried to
persuade himself once more to end
the matter by returning with the
troopers to Fasilica; but he heard the
general’s little speech of farewell and
saw the men turn and ride off, with-
out hinting at any such intention.

   A courier had been sent ahead in
 the morning to arrange for a private
 car, and they found everything in
 readiness. They entered it at once
 and in haste, for a good-sized crowd
 had collected on the platform at their
 arrival, and were amusing themselves

     9 S

by hurling insults and epithets at the
head of General Nirzann, who took
his seat in his compartment with a
scowl, muttering something about
“ revenge on the scurvy rascals.”

  Aline and Vivi had a compartment
together toward the front of the car;
Stetton’s was in the rear. A few
minutes after they had arrived the
train pulled out.

  Stetton sank back in the seat of his
compartment with a feeling of utter
dejection and depression. Something
indefinable seemed to weigh upon his
heart with a suffocating pressure;
something seemed to be saying to
him, “ Do not go to Marisi.”

  He tried to shake this feeling off,
but it would not leave. He raised the
window and allowed the cool night
air to rush in against his face, but the
desolate blackness without seemed to
bring with it a voice that said: “ Do
not go to Marisi.”

  He closed the window with a bang,
muttering: “ This is ridiculous. Am I
a weak fool, to allow myself to be
afraid of nothing? One might think
that Marisi was the home of the devil
himself. If it gets too hot for me I
can get to Berlin in eighteen hours.”
He composed himself with an ef-
fort and began to doze, and finally
fell sound asleep.

  Six hours later he was awakened
by some one opening the door of his
compartment. It was Vivi. She
watched him with a little smile on
her face as he opened his eyes.

  “ What is it—what is it ? ” asked
Stetton, rubbing his eyes.

  Vivi replied:

  “ Aline sent me to wake you. She
is the only one who did not sleep.
We have reached Marisi.”

CHAPTER IV. *

THE WHEEL STARTS SLOWLY.

  It was late in the morning of the
following day when Stetton awoke
after four hours’ sleep in a luxurious
130

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

room of the Hotel Walderin, Marisi,
and, rising, walked to an open window
which looked out on an open court
of the hotel.

  All his depression of the night be-
fore was gone; he felt buoyant, con-
fident, and he was humming a lively
popular tune as he thrust his head into
a basin of cold water with a little
shiver of pleasure.

  At Fasilica and Tsevor he had felt
more or less out of the world, away
from the safeguards and conventions
of civilization; now he was in a fash-
ionable hotel in Walderin Place, as
much a part of European life as
Hyde Park or the Bois de Boulogne.

  This fact drove away his non-
sensical fears; he laughed aloud at
them. And he was reflecting, on the
floor immediately above was sleeping
a young and beautiful woman, as his
guest.

  He laughed aloud again, in great
good humor with himself and the
world, and began to dress. What a
divine creature! Was she not worth
any price? He asked himself this
question with an air of bravado to
frighten away what doubt remained.

 Marry her? Gad! Who would
not? Such an opportunity comes only
by miraculous luck. This was his
thought.

  An hour later he presented himself
before Aline and Vivi in the drawing-
room of their apartment.

  “ We breakfasted here,” said Aline
in answer to his question. “ How
could we go down-stairs? We have
no clothes.”

  “ I forgot—of course,” said Stet-
ton, a little embarrassed. Then he
added with a touch of malice: “ But
what of the general’s list?”

  Aline laughed at his tone, then said
with a smile:

  “ You are wrong to be angry with
me; we needed his help, and it was
necessary to humor him.”

  “ Well, as for the clothes—I shall
send some one from Morel’s. Will
that do? ”

  “ That will do excellently.”

  “ And you, mademoiselle, is there
anything else you require ? ”

  “ Nothing,” said Vivi quietly.

  She was standing by Aline’s chair,
with her large, dark eyes passing from
one to the other as they spoke.

  There was an air of watchfulness
about her; Stetton had noticed it be-
fore, but it appeared to be the result
merely of childish and innocent cu-
riosity.

  He wished that she would leave the
room; he felt constrained in her pres^
ence, and there were several questions
he wanted to ask Aline. He lingered
a while longer, making observations
on nothing in particular, then left to
perform the errand at Morel’s, saying
that he would return in the afternoon.
As he went out he laid a bank-note on
a small pedestal near the door.

  As soon as the door had closed be-
hind him Aline crossed the room with
quick steps and picked up the bank-
note. It was for five thousand francs.
Smiling, she placed it in her dress.

  “ What is that ? ” asked Vivi cu-
riously.

  Aline told her. She looked puz-
zled.

  “ But why should he give us so
much money? What can we do with
it?”

  “ You little goose,” said Aline, and
there was genuine affection in her
tone; “ you are no longer in a convent.
Wait; you will see. Luck is with me
now; it is all I needed. Ah, Vasili—”
her eyes became cold and her tone
hardened—“ you taught me—others
will pay for you.”

  “ All the same, we should not take
that money,” said the girl stub-
bornly.

  “ Listen, Vivi.” Aline looked at her
speculatively, as though trying to de-
cide what to say. Then she continued:
“ You know I love you.”

  “ I know,” said Vivi, taking her
hand.

  “ You know I would do only what
I think best. I am wiser than you.”
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

131

  “ I know,” Vivi repeated.

  “ And you do not think I did wrong
when—last night.”

  “No, I no longer think you did
wrong; but it was horrible.”

  “ Well, you must trust me.” Aline
patted the girl’s hand gently. “ You
must not ask me to explain things.
As for M. Stetton’s money—I will tell
you about that. But it is a great se-
cret. You must not mention it.”

  “ How could I ? I know no one.”
“You know General Nirzann; and
you must not speak of it to M. Stetton.
He does not wish it to be known. I
accept his money because I am going
to marry him.”

  Vivi hastily drew her hand away
and looked up with startled eyes.

  “You are going to marry him?”
she said slowly.

  Aline answered: “Yes. Does it
surprise you? What is the matter,
child?”

  Vivi’s face had grown pale and she
seemed to be trembling. But she soon
controlled her emotion and said:

  “ I am so glad, Aline. Do you love
him ? ”

  “ Yes,” replied the woman with her
peculiar, inscrutable smile. “ But, re-
member, you must say nothing of what
I told you.”

  “ No; I promise,” said Vivi. Her
face was still pale and she seemed
to be forcing her voice to be calm.

  At that moment a servant appeared
to announce that a messenger from
Morel’s asked to see Mile. Solini. He
was admitted at once, and they were
soon busily examining samples of
dresses, suits, cloaks, and lingerie.

  Vivi held back at first, but it was
not long before she had entered the
performance with as great delight as
Aline herself.

  In the mean time Stetton, having
called at Morel’s and performed two
or three errands on his own account,
was walking along the sunny side of
the fashionable drive which stretches
away to the north from Walderin
Place.

  On this side was the park, on the
other a long line of sumptuous dwell-
ings, the most important of which was
the white marble palace of the Prince
of Marisi. It was too early for any one
to be seen; the Drive was practically
deserted.

  “ Hang it all,” Stetton was saying
to himself as he walked along, “ that
little Vivi is not at all bad-looking, but
she is in the way. Something must
be done with her. I wonder if Nau-
mann is in town.”

  On his way back to the hotel he
stopped at the German legation and
asked for Frederick Naumann. He
was told that his friend would not be
in till late in the afternoon, and he
resumed his walk along the Drive,
now impatient for the time when he
should see Aline again.

  A little after one o’clock found him
in her apartment.

  She and Vivi were both quite trans-
formed by their purchases of the
morning—so much so that Stetton felt
a thrill of joy and pride run through
him as he advanced to take the hand
of this wondrously beautiful woman
who had accepted his protection and
his money.

  He wanted every one to see her;
he wanted to tell people that she be-
longed to him. Above all, he wanted
her; though always he felt a curious
sense of uneasiness in her presence.

  Instinct was trying to do for him
what reason would have done for a
wiser man, who, looking at Aline So-
lini, would have said: “ She is that
most dangerous thing in the world—
a woman with the face of an angel
and the heart of a demon. Beware! ”
Stetton approached her, saying:

  “ Now, indeed, you are irresistible.”
“ The least I could do was my best
for you,” replied Aline.

  “ And Vivi, too! ” said Stetton.
“ Mademoiselle, allow me to say that
you are charming.”

  The girl bowed without replying as
she retreated to a seat at the farther
end of the room.
132

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Stetton cast a meaning glance at her,
saying to Aline:

  “ I want to talk with you.”

  She smiled, reading him with her
eyes.

  “ Yes,” she agreed; “ it is necessary
that we come to an understanding.”

  She sent Vivi away on some pre-
text or other and again turned to
Stetton:

  “ Well, monsieur? ”

  But, despite his firm resolution of
the morning, the young man could find
nothing to say, now that he found him-
self alone with her. He hesitated,
seeming to search for words, and final-
ly ended by stammering out:

  “ You know—you know—”

  Aline laughed outright:

  “ You are an awkward lover, Stet-
ton ! ”

  This brought Stetton to a standstill
and left him without anything to say.
He burst out brutally:

  “ Well, you promised to marry me,
and I can’t wait. You promised me.”
Aline said coolly :

  “If you can’t wait, really I am
sorry. I see that you have greatly
misjudged me. I will not detain you
longer. Good-by, monsieur.”

  “ What do you mean ? ” cried Stet-
ton, frightened at the thought of losing
her.

  “ You are too impatient. You ap-
proach me like a savage with a club;
you have no tact, no finesse; in a word,
I am disappointed in you, and we had
"best part while we are friends.”

   “ But that is impossible! ”

   “ Impossible ? ”

  “Yes, it is indeed!” The young
man’s anxiety made him eloquent—
that, and her exquisite face so close to
his own. “ Good Heavens, I love you!
How can I leave you? I see plainly
I have made a mistake, but you will
forgive me—you must forgive me. I
will be patient—I swear it! Tell me
you will not send me away! ”

  “ You love me, then? ”

  “You know it! Devotedly!”

  Aline smiled and he seized her hand.

   “ I may stay ? ” he cried.

  “ I don’t know,” said Aline, assum-
ing a tone of doubt, for she was now
sure of him. “ I did not wish to for-
get our bargain—you may believe that,
Stetton. But I must have my own
time.”

  “ You will see—I shall be patient.”

  “ Then—”

  Aline extended her hand, and he
pressed it to his lips, kissing the fingers
and palm over and over.

  She continued slowly, as though
picking her words: “ It is only fair you
should know why I desire a delay. I
mean the particular reason—it is Vivi.”

  “ Vivi?”

  “ Yes. I love her, and I feel that I
am responsible for her welfare, which
means, in the case of a young girl like
her, her marriage. I will never have
another opportunity like the present.

  “ General Nirzann ”—Stetton start-
ed slightly at the name—“ has prom-
ised to introduce me into the best cir-
cles of Marisi, and it will be strange
if I cannot find a match for her. Then
I shall be ready to leave Marisi—with
you, if you still desire it.”

  “ But General Nirzann — why
should he do this ? ” demanded Stetton
in astonishment.

  “ I have made a friend of him. Be-
sides, is he not my cousin? Be easy;
you have no reason to be jealous; he is
an old fool. I can manage him.”

   “ I don’t like it,” Stetton muttered.

  Aline laughed.

  “ Surely you have not so poor an
opinion of yourself as to fear an old
fossil like the general? You should
know better—if I did not prefer you
to any other—but there, I shall confess
too much.”

  She glanced into his eyes and then
quickly away, as though afraid of be-
traying her thoughts.

  “Confess!” cried Stetton. “Ah,
tell me! ”

  “ What can I say ? ” She pretended
to hesitate, and actually succeeded in
bringing a pink flush to her face.

  “Tell me you love me! ”
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

133

  “ Well, then—I do—a little.”

  Stetton clasped her in his arms. She
submitted to the embrace for a mo-
ment, then drew herself away.

  “ But there—you know you must be
patient.”

  “ I cannot promise that,” said Stet-
ton, breathing quickly. “ But I shall
not annoy you. You are worth waiting
for a lifetime; you will see if I mean
what I say. In the mean time I must
see you every day—you cannot deny
me that—and I can help you.”

  “ Yes, you can help, now that you
are sensible,” said Aline with a tender
and provoking smile.

  “ No other pleasure is. worth a
thought,” said Stetton, completely be-
witched. “ Tell me, what can I do?”
Aline had been waiting for that
question. She glanced at him narrow-
ly through her eyelashes, saying:

  “ There are so many things I don’t
know where to begin. Of course, it is
all a matter of money.”

  “ Of course,” Stetton agreed, kissing
her fingers.

  “ In the first place,” Aline con-
tinued, “ if my plans for Vivi are to
be successful, we cannot live in a
lhotel, even the Walderin. We must
have a house on the Drive, with a car-
riage and servants.”

  Stetton looked up quickly, frowning.
He had not thought of beginning on
such a scale. The rent alone would
amount to fifty thousand francs. “ But
I don’t see why—” he began.

   “ Luckily, that difficulty is settled,”
Aline interrupted quickly, noting his
frown. “ General Nirzann has offered
me the use of his house, since he ex-
pects to occupy rooms in Marisi Palace
for some time. He is a bachelor, you
know. It is very good of him.”

  The fact was, General Nirzann was
so far from being the owner of a
house on the Drive that he was a pau-
per, but Stetton did not know that.
What he thought was that under no
circumstances should Aline live in a
house belonging to the general. He
said sarcastically:

  “ Yes, I have no doubt it was a very
kind offer. But you must not accept it.”
“ I have already done so,” said
Aline.

  "Then you must reconsider and
decline.”

  “ Stetton, you are positively child-
ish. Besides, I must have the house.”
There was a slight pause before the
young man said:

  “ Then I will rent one.”

  Aline lowered her eyes, that he
might not see the light of triumph in
them, saying:

  “ It will be expensive.”

  “ I can afford it,” replied Stetton.

  “ It must be furnished.”

  “ Of course.”

  “ And we shall need a carriage and
servants.”

  “ Certainly.”

  “ Then it is settled? ”

  For reply, Stetton kissed her hand.
They talked a while longer, discussing
the details of this new arrangement;
then the young man made ready to go.
At the door he turned, saying:

  “ By the way, I have a friend or two
in Marisi; you will allow me to intro-
duce them to you ? ”

  Then, as Aline answered in the af-
firmative, he went away*to his room
on the floor below. There he sat down
to write a letter to his father in New
York, containing a Tequest for a fifty-
thousand-dollar draft.

  An hour later, as Aline sat revolv-
ing her plans in her mind, with a,smile
that meant danger for any one who
got in the way of them, a servant en-
tered with the card of General Paul
Nirzann. Aline took the card, while
the smile became deeper. Then she
said:

  “ Show him up.”

  In a few moments the general en-
tered. Though he held himself erect
as he walked across the room to bend
over Aline’s hand, his bearing was
more that of a beau than a soldier.
His gait was mincing and he wore a
smirk on his face.

  After greeting him, Aline said:
134

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Have you made your peace with
the prince ? ”

  “ Perfectly,” replied General Nir-
zann with a wave of the hand. “The
prince read me a lecture on the bru-
talities of the campaign, and then
opened his arms to me. It is impos-
sible to avoid cruelty when you are
allied with the Turks, and I told him
so. You may believe he did not like
it, but I crammed the truth down his
throat.”

  Aline smiled at the idea of this
popinjay cramming anything down an-
other man’s throat. She said:

  “ Why didn’t he return you to the
command ? ”

  “ He preferred to keep me in Ma-
risi,” replied the general. “ The fact
is, he can hardly do without me. When
I am not at the palace everything goes
wrong. He admits it.”

  “ I see.”

  “ And besides,” he continued, “ I
preferred to stay. He was a little sur-
prised at that, but he has never seen
you, viademoiselle. He does not know
the attraction that Marisi holds for
me.”

  “ But he will,” thought Aline to
herself. ShQ,said aloud: “ It is good
of you to say so, my dear general.”
“ Tut! ” said the general. “ There
is no sense in that. Nor is there any
goodness in me. Ask the ladies of
Marisi—they could tell things that
would astonish you. You know very
well I love you, mademoiselle.”

  “Yes; you have told me so,” said
Aline, trying not to appear impatient.

  This was the general’s side of the
question, and she wanted to talk on
her own. After a short pause she
added:

  “ I suppose you did not mention
my name to the prince ? ”

  “ Good Heavens, no! ”

  “ I presume that will come later ? ”
“ Much later,” said the general em-
phatically. “ We must proceed with
caution.”

  “ It is just as well. It will take a
week or so, at least, to obtain a house

and make the necessary preparations.
After that—”

  “ Have you hooked the Ameri-
can ? ” the general interrupted.

  Aline shrugged her shoulders.

  “Of course. And paid him with
promises. He is at this moment
searching for a house.”

  The general cackled with amuse-
ment.

  “ The young fool! ” he snorted glee-
 fully. “ He doesn’t know women,
 that’s sure. The way with them is,
 pay first and maybe afterward. Eh,
 mademoiselle? ”

  “ It is evident that you do know
women,” said Aline.

  She was wondering to herself when
the old fool would stop his chatter
and allow her to gain some informa-
tion. After a short pause she said
abruptly:

  “ And now, what of our conspir-
acy ? ”

  The general looked puzzled as he
repeated: “ Our conspiracy? ”

  “ Yes. When is my first dinner-
party ? ”

  “ To-morrow, if you wish.” The
general bowed gallantly. “ You may
count on me.”

  “ Thank you,” said Aline .with a
touch of irritation. “ But you know
very well what I mean.”

  “ Yes, I know what you mean. But
are you not pushing things a little,
mademoiselle? ”

  “Why delay?”

  “ Because it is necessary.”

  “ I do not understand that. The
season has begun; the sooner we take
advantage of it the better.”

  The general looked at her with
something between a simper and a
frown; then he said:

  “ You seem to forget something.”

  “ What is that? ”

  “ My happiness.”

  “ But, my dear general, that is ab-
surd.”

  The general sighed. “ Chere aviie,”
he said, “ will you come to dinner with
me this evening? ”
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

135

  “ I have no clothes.”

  “ That is true. Then I suppose I
must wait.”

  Aline whispered:

  “ Wait until I am mistress in my
own house, and you will see, my brave
soldier.”

  “ Divine creature! ” the general re-
iterated, trying to give himself the
appearance of one dying for love.

  “ Still, you try to bargain with me,”
said Aline.

  “ Who would not bargain where
possible to gain heaven?” exclaimed
the general.

  “ Really, you are in danger of ma-
king me think you love me.”

  “Do I not?”

  Aline smiled. “ Perhaps.”

  “ But it is certain! ” cried General
Nirzann fiercely. “ You think I bar-
gain with you—well, that is because I
love you. Do not think I have been
idle in your behalf. As I was com-
ing to the hotel I met Mme. Chebe on
the Drive, and I spoke to her of you.
You will probably receive her card
within the first week at your house,
and she is one of the six most im-
portant women in Marisi.”

  “ My dear general,” cried Aline.
The general was unable to meet her
flashing eyes.

  “ You intoxicate me! ” he mur-
mured, half dazzled.

  And when, five minutes later, Gen-
eral Paul Nirzann left the Hotel
Walderin he was hardly able to walk
straight foi^ the dizzy exaltation in
his brain.

  As for Aline, she remained in the
chair where the general had left her,
with her chin resting on the palm of
her hand. Her eyes were narrowed
in deep speculation and a peculiar
smile appeared on her lips.

  But her thoughts were not ofv Rich-
ard Stetton, who at that moment had
just finished the last paragraph of a
six-page letter to New York, nor of
General Nirzann, who was strolling
along with an erect figure and a satis-
fied smile.

  No; they had traveled down the
fashionable drive to the white marble
palace of the Prince of Marisi.

CHAPTER V.

NAUMANN TELLS A TALE.

  The following morning found
Stetton running from one end of
Marisi to the other in search of a
house suitable as a setting for his
jewel. So he phrased it to himself.

  Owing to the fact that the fash-
ionable season had begun two weeks
before, he found his task by no means
an easy one. All day he searched and
the better part of the day following;
then quite by chance he ran across
an old rugged stone structure at one
end of the town, in the worst possible
repair and filled with musty furniture.
He hastened to the hotel to report
to Aline.

  “ But that will not do at all,” said
she when he told her where the house
was. “ It would be much better to
stay here. We must positively be on
the Drive.”	«

  Stetton declared that to be impos-
sible, saying that a house on the Drive
could not be procured for love or
money.

  “ Nevertheless, we must have it,”
was her calm reply.

  “ But I tell you we can’t get it! ”
cried Stetton with pardonable irrita-
tion, as he thought of his weary two
days’ search.

  “ Then,” said Aline, “ it will be
necessary to accept General Nirzann’s
offer. It would have been better to do
that in the first place.”

But Stetton would not hear of it.

  “ He is too much in evidence al-
ready,” he muttered angrily, pacing
the length of the room. “ I don’t like
it.”

  “ Nevertheless,” Aline insisted, “ we
must have the house.”

  “ Very well,” said Stetton, stopping
in front of her, “ then we’ll get it.
Give me one more day. If there’s no
136

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

other way, I’ll rent the blooming pal-
ace itself. I understand the prince is
hard up for cash.”

  “ Now, I admire you! ” cried Aline.
“ I could never love a man without
spirit.”

  She allowed him to kiss her hand.

  The following morning he set out
again. He would have enlisted the
services of his friend Frederick Nau-
mann, of the German legation, but for
the fact that he had been told the day
before that Naumann was spending a
week in Berlin. He had inquired at
every possible source, and now took
to wandering about more or less at
random. By noon he had found noth-
ing, and began to fear that he must
perforce allow Aline to accept the
hospitality of General Nirzann.

  Early in the afternoon, at the Hotel
Humbert, he was told by some one
that there was a possibility of obtain-
ing for the season the house of M.
Henri Duroy, at 341 the Drive.

  Stetton hastened to the address as
fast as a six-cylinder motor-car could
take him. He was shown in to M.
Duroy himself. Yes, M. Duroy would
let his house—he had been called to
Paris by the sudden death of his
-brother. Of course, M. Stetton could
furnish the proper references? Very
good. The rent would be seventy-five
thousand francs.

  Stetton made a rapid calculation.

  “Fifteen thousand dollars!” he
muttered to himself—he was able to
think only in dollars. “ Good Heav-
ens ! It’s robbery! ”

  But he paid it—to keep Aline from
accepting an offer that had never been
made to live in a house that did not
exist.

  Four days later — for they had to
wait for M. Duroy to depart for Paris
—Stetton took Aline and Vivi to in-
spect their new home.

  It was a three - story structure of
blue granite, somewhat imposing, and
in the very best locality. On the
ground floor were a reception-hall,
drawing - room, library, and dining-

room; the floors above held the sleep-
ing apartments and servants’ quarters.

  Aline was frankly delighted, send-
ing Stetton eloquent looks and words
of gratitude that drove all thought of
the seventy-five thousand francs from
his mind.

  “ These rooms,” he observed—they
were in the chambers on the second
floor—“ are exactly the thing for you
and Vivi. I shall take the one in the
rear. It is not large, but that is of no
importance.”

  Aline looked at him in genuine as-
tonishment.

  “ But that is impossible! ” she cried.
“ Surely you did not imagine you are
to live here with us! ”

  It was Stetton’s turn to be aston-
ished.

•	“ Not live with you! ” he exclaimed.
“ Where, then, should I live ? ”

  “ I suppose at the hotel.”

  They began to argue the matter;
Stetton with a bluntness that caused
Aline to send Vivi from the room.
He was stubborn; Aline was persist-
ent ; finally she declared she would
abandon everything.

  “ Very well,” said Stetton sulkily.
“ There is no good arguing the mat-
ter. I shall live at the hotel.”

  Frowning, he moved to a window,
gazing out on the Drive with his back
turned.

  Aline crossed to him, smiling.

  “ You must not be angry with me,”
she said in a low voice softly.

  Then she placed her arms around
his neck and kissed him on the back
of the head.

  Turning, Stetton clasped her rough-
ly in his arms and held her close.
“Would you care?” he demanded.
Aline whispered: “ You know I
would.”

  “ Do you know something ? ” said
Stetton between his teeth. “ It makes
me crazy just to look at you—and to
feel you—like this—”

  “ I know — ah, do I not ? ” Aline
drew herself gently away. “ But
there—I shall confess too much.”
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

137

  “Confess!” cried Stetton. “Tell
me you love me! ”

  There was a noise from behind;
Vivi was returning.

  “ Well, then—I do—a little,” Aline
whispered. Then, moving away, she
went with Vivi to explore the room
above.

  “ Vivi — always Vivi! ” Stetton
muttered.

  Three days later found Aline and
Vivi in possession of the house of M.
Duroy. Stetton had kept his room at
the Hotel Walderin. As for the ex-
penses of the household on the Drive,
he had settled that question in what
he would have called a businesslike
manner.

  “ I have arranged for a limousine
and an open carriage,” he told Aline,
“ and will pay the chauffeur and
coachman myself. The other servants
will be six hundred francs a month.
The table fifteen hundred francs—for
you will want good dinners; dress, a
thousand; and incidentals, a thousand
more. The first of each month I will
give you five thousand francs; that
will more than cover everything.”

  Aline thanked him with a kiss; but
when he had gone she laughed scorn-
fully. Then she said: “ But I sup-
pose I am wrong to blame him; it is
the American way, but how detest-
able!”

  She was alone in the library — a
tasteful, quiet room, with its low,
ebony cases, rich, dark carpets, and
paintings of the eighteenth century.

  “ At last,” she said to herself, “ I
have room; I can breathe—and act.”

  She moved to the dining-room and
stood gazing from the doorway with
the eye of a general contemplating a
field of battle. A smile of anticipa-
tory triumph was on her lips as she
walked to the reception-hall and began
to mount the stairs to the rooms
above.

  She had not followed Stetton’s sug-
gestion concerning the arrangement
of the sleeping chambers. With the
exception of the little room in the

rear, shut off from the others, which
had been given to Vivi, she had taken
the entire second floor for herself. A
little manipulation of furniture and
the result was a bedroom, a dressing-
room, and a reception-boudoir. But
Vivi had declared herself perfectly
satisfied, saying that she had lived so
long in the convent that even her one
little room appeared frightfully large
to her.

  Late in the afternoon of the second
day at their new home Aline and Vivi
went for a drive in the open carriage.
Never was toilet more carefully
planned and executed than that of
Mile. Solini on this occasion, though
she really had little need of it.

  Her appearance on the Drive cre-
ated a sensation that bade fair to be-
come a triumph. Every one was
staring at her; every one asked:
“ Who is she? ” Vivi could not have
served better as a foil if she had been
selected for the purpose.

  But the one carriage that Aline was
looking for — the carriage of the
Prince of Marisi—did not appear;
and she ordered the coachman to drive
home long before the line had begun
to thin.

  They had met Stetton, driving alone
in his motor-car, and General Nirzann,
who was seated by the side of a large,
haughty-looking woman with enor-
mous earrings and a wart on her nose.

  Aline had returned the general’s
salutation with the merest inclination
of her head; at Stetton’s bow she had
smiled pleasantly.

  That evening General Nirzann
called. When the servant entered
with his card Aline turned to Vivi and
said:

  “ Remember, Vivi, do not leave the
room.”

  So the general was unable to make
much progress in his own interests,
and was forced to discuss the plans
for Aline’s assault on the society of
Marisi. She got little satisfaction out
of that; the general was cautious, and
whenever she asked a leading question
138

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

he would reply with a knowing smile
that seemed to say: “Softly, made-
moiselle, softly.”

  Aline said to herself after he had
gone:

  “ Really, that little general is more
astute than foolish. Is it possible that
he is going to force my hand? Well,
if I must, I must; but he shall pay
dearly for it after.” And her eyes
flashed ominously.

  In the mean time Stetton, not to be
outdone in the business of intrigue,
had concocted a little scheme of his
own, though an inglorious one. He
believed that it was the presence of
Vivi that stood in the way of the ful-
filment of his desires. His plan led
to the removal of this difficulty.

  Within an hour after Frederick
Naumann’s return to Marisi he re-
ceived a call from Richard Stetton.

  Naumann was a young and aspir-
ing diplomat who counted on winning
position with his wealth and talents.
Stetton had met him a year before in
Berlin, and had renewed the acquaint-
ance during his short stay in Marisi
previous to the departure of the army.

  “But what are you doing here?”
asked Naumann, after greetings had
been exchanged. “ Did the dogs of
war bite you?”

  “ Not exactly,” Stetton replied with
a laugh. “ The fact is, I have found
the most beautiful woman in Europe.”

  “ Indeed ? ” said the other skeptical-
ly. “ But there is nothing wonderful
about that — there are thousands of
her May I ask, has the lady found
you ? ”

  “ Yes—and no. She is living in a
house I have rented—the house of M.
Duroy,- at 341 the Drive. I have
taken it for the season — perhaps
longer.”

  Naumann whistled. “Lucky dog!
But is she as beautiful as you say? ”

  “ Ask any one in Marisi. The en-
tire promenade stopped yesterday in
confusion when she appealed. And I

—	well, the fact is, I am going to
marry her.”

  “ No.”

  “ Yes. When you see her you will
not blame me. She is wonderful.
Nothing short of it. But it is to re-
main a secret for the present—our en-
gagement, I mean. No one is to know
of it. I count on your discretion.”

  “ You may.”

  “ And, besides that, I count on your
help. She has a girl with her — a
pretty little thing, about eighteen. Her
name is Vivi Janvour. Aline has what
she calls plans for Vivi’s welfare, and
I am supposed to linger in hope till
they are accomplished.”

  Naumann smiled. “ But why? ”

  “ On account of General Nirzann.
You know him, I believe. He is her
cousin; at least, so she says. He is to
stand sponsor for her in Marisi, and
she is afraid that if he knows of her
engagement to me he will decline the
office. Besides, she talks some silly
rot about not wanting Vivi along on
the honeymoon, and that sort of thing.
In short, she wants me to wait, and I
don’t feel like it.”

  “ But what can I do? ”

  There was a pause while Stetton
seemed to be searching for words.
Finally he said:

  “ Well—the fact is—this little Vivi
is not bad-looking.”

  “Ho!” Naumann’s eyebrows lifted.
“ And you, I believe, are not blind
to the charms of the fair. What
might come of it I do not pretend to
say. Talk to her, drive with her,
amuse her; at any rate, I want you to
meet her; then we shall see.”

  “ What kind of a girl is she? ”

  “ The quiet, timid sort —• lived all
her life in a convent. But she is really
pretty.”

  “ My dear fellow, I really believe
you expect me to marry this creature.”
“ By no means. I expect nothing.
But, at any rate, you can see her—in-
troduce your friends to her, start the
ball a rolling—I would consider it a
great favor.”

  “ I’ll see her, of - course,” replied
Naumann.
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

139

  “ That’s all I ask of you — now.
Dine with me to-night at the Walderin
and we’ll talk it over.”

  So much for Stetton’s plan, crude
and simple indeed, but nevertheless
with a fair chance of success. Nau-
mann was a good-looking young fel-
low, polished and graceful, with an air
of cynicism that had made him a
great favorite with young ladies under
twenty.

  The following morning Stetton
called at No. 341. Aline received him
graciously; she knew that his love
must have something to feed on, even
if it were only crumbs. Besides, she
had an additional favor to obtain
from him.

  “ I have a friend I would like to in-
troduce,” said Stetton. “ Naumann—
Frederick Naumann—secretary of the
German legation. He knows every
one in Marisi—that is, every one who
counts—and he might be of some use
to you.”

  “ Bring him to see me,” said Aline.

  “ To-morrow ? ”

  “ Certainly.”

  They chatted for an hour or so, and
Stetton stayed to lunch.

  “ This is delightful,” he said, sit-
ting down with Aline and Vivi; and
he felt a thrill of pride and satisfied
vanity as he thought that this was his
house, these his servants, and that this
beautiful woman had promised herself
to him.

  His was one of those natures that
live as much on appearances as on
realities. He was so filled with a
sense of his royal power and generos-
ity that Aline talked him out of an-
other twenty thousand francs with
comparative ease, pleading the poverty
of her wardrobe.

  On the following day, accordingly,
Stetton conducted his friend Nau-
mann to the house on the Drive.

  Naumann went with a certain re-
luctance; but Stetton had befriended
him — no matter how — on a certain
occasion in Berlin, and for that reason
he at least pretended to acquiesce.

  After they had waited in the draw-
ing-room for a quarter of an hour the
ladies entered.

  Aline was ravishing; she was never
otherwise; but Stetton himself was
struck by the appearance of Vivi, per-
haps because he had never before taken
the trouble to give her any particular
notice.

  Her dress was light blue, of some
soft material that set off her slender
figure to perfection; her face was filled
with color and her eyes glowed.

  “ By Jove,” Stetton thought to him-
self, “ Naumann could certainly do
worse! ”

  His friend was thinking the same
thing as he heard Vivi’s soft voice
acknowledging Stetton’s introduction.

  But within fifteen minutes Stetton
was telling himself that he had made
a mistake; and, indeed, so it appeared;
for as they sat chatting together, Nau-
mann, seeming to forget that the de-
clared object of his attack was Mile.
Janvour, kept his gaze riveted on the
face of Mile. Solini.

  “ I ought to have known better,” said
Stetton to himself. “ Who could look
at any one else when Aline is there ? ”

  He tried to catch Naumann’s eye, but
the young diplomat took no notice of
him.

  Aline rang for tea.

  “ It is too early, I know,” she said
with a smile; “ but we shall be driving
at tea-time. Besides, this may be quite
correct in Marisi.” She turned to Nau-
mann : “You know, I am a stranger
here.”

  “ Yes; otherwise I should have seen
you,” Naumann replied. “ Are you to
be with us long? ”

  “ For the season, at least.”

  “ And then I suppose you will leave,
like every one else who is worth while?
You should see Marisi in August! Si-
lent as the grave and hotter than an
oven. It is intolerable.”

  Vivi put in:

  “ You are here all the year, M. Nau-
mann ? ”

  “ Yes, worse luck. For no conceiv-
140

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

able reason. The prince invariably
goes to Switzerland, and we swelter
for nothing.”

  Tea arrived and Aline poured.

  Still Naumann seemed unable to
take his eyes from her face, but an
acute observer might have thought that
it was with an air of intense curiosity,
as though he were trying to recall
where he had seen her before, rather
than one of fascination. This distinc-
tion Stetton was incapable of making;
he thought only that his friend was
succumbing to the irresistible charm of
Mile. Solini, and he grew nervous with
fear and displeasure.

  “ Come,” he said to Vivi when tea
was finished; “ play something.”

  She walked obediently to the piano.
Naumann left his seat and joined
Stetton, who stood near Vivi as she
skipped lightly through a tragic piece
of Tschaikowsky. It was ludicrous;
the girl felt absolutely nothing of the
music.

  Naumann whispered to Stetton:

  “ Who is she? ”

  Stetton looked up.

  “ I -told you. Her father was Pierre
Janvour, a Frenchman.”

  “ No; I mean Mile. Solini. Where
is she from ? ”

  “ I don’t know. Fasilica.”

  “ You don’t know? ”

  “ My dear fellow,” said Stetton
dryly, “ I know nothing whatever about
her except that you seem to be uncom-
monly interested in her. Why do you
ask ? ”

  “ Don’t be an ass,” said Naumann,
moving away and across the room to
Aline.

  When Stetton and Vivi, tiring of the
piano, joined them, a few minutes later,
they found them again discussing the
disadvantage of being forced to remain
in Marisi throughout the summer.

  “ Really, it is awful,” Naumann was
saying. “ Cheap park concerts, empty
hotels, every house on the Drive closed
up. Of course, the boss has to stand
it with the rest of us, but he is an old
elephant with a wife to cool his beer.”

  The boss ? ” Aline looked at him
inquiringly.

  “ Von Krantz, the minister,” Nau-
mann explained.

  “ Oh! Why don’t you follow his ex-
ample and get married yourself? ”

  “ No, thank you,” said Naumann
with feeling. “ I shall never be such
a fool.”

  Aline lifted her eyebrows/

  “ That is hardly complimentary to
us, M. Naumann.”

  Naumann looked at her.

  “ I speak from experience, made-
moiselle. Or, at least, from observa-
tion of the experience of others. One
thing alone that I have seen was enough
to convince me—the experience of a
friend of mine, who was also a friend
of my father’s.”

  “ Indeed ? ” said Aline. “ Tell us
about it.”

   “ It is unpleasant.”

  “ That makes it all the more inter-
esting.”

  Naumann looked at Vivi.

  “ And you, mademoiselle? ”

  “ I should love to hear it,” she de-
clared.

  The young diplomat seated himself
jthat he might look into Aline’s eyes
and began:

  “ This friend of mine—as I say, he
was also a friend of my father—was
about ten, perhaps fifteen, years older
than myself. He was a Russian land-
owner of noble birth—a man almost
without education and yet with a cer-
tain strength of intellect that compelled
respect and admiration.”

  “ Like all Russians,” said Aline con-
temptuously.

  Naumann continued, without no-
ticing the interruption:

  “ Whenever this man came to Ger-
many on business, which was at least
once every year, he paid us a visit. Thus
we came to know him well, and to
appreciate his finer qualities.

  “ I used often to have long talks
with him. His thoughts were simple
\and direct as those of a child, and yet
his brain was remarkably keen, as was
A PRIZE FOR PRINCES.

141

proved by his considerable material
success. In my boyhood he was one
of my heroes; I used to look forward
to his visits with the utmost interest
and pleasure.”

  Naumann paused, glancing round
the little circle of his audience. Stet-
ton was listening with ill-concealed irri-
tation, Vivi in frank interest; Aline had
on her face the expression of the host-
ess who wishes to do her duty by her
guest.

  Naumann kept his eye on her as he
resumed:

  “ One summer — four years ago it
was—his first words on entering our
house were to the effect that he had
found a wife. He gave us all the de-
tails; I remember yet with what eager
enthusiasm he recounted the incom-
parable charms and goodness of his
wife.

  “ He had married the daughter of
a peasant on one of his neighbor’s
estates. When my father spoke to him
of the danger of a man marrying out
of his own class in society, he replied:

*	You are right, Herr Naumann; she
is not of my class; she is an angel from
heaven.’

  “ Two years passed, during which
our friend visited us two or three
times. He had, in fact, become rather
a bore; he would talk of nothing but
his wife. Then—this was about
eighteen months ago, and we had not
seen our friend for about a year—I
was sent on a diplomatic mission to
St. Petersburg.

  “ On my way back, having some
leisure at my command, I suddenly
decided to pay a visit to our friend’s
estate, which I had never seen. I felt
sure of a welcome, for he had often
invited me to visit him.

  “ If I had been twelve hours later
I should not have seen him, for when
I arrived he was making the last prepa-
rations for a prolonged journey. I was
so shocked at the change in his appear-
ance that I could not suppress a cry of
amazement at sight of him.

  “ His face was sunken and deathly

pale; his eyes gleamed like two coals
of fire, as though he were being con-
sumed by some burning hatred or un-
dying grief. At first he would not tell
me the nature of his trouble or the goal
of his intended journey; but when I
expressed a desire to meet his wife he
broke down completely and told me
everything.”

   The narrator paused.

   He held the interest of his audience
now; Vivi and Stetton moved a little
closer that they might not miss a word.
But Naumann did not look at them;
he kept his eyes fastened on the face
of Mile. Solini, who still listened as
though with an effort at politeness.

  “Two months before, so our friend
told me, he had learned of his wife’s
affection for another man — a young
Jew, who had wriggled himself into
the position of manager of the estate.
He had shot and killed the Jew; but
his wife had pleaded for forgiveness
with so wild remorse and'sincere re-
pentance that he had taken her back.
But, naturally, he was suspicious and
began to watch her, and soop he dis-
covered—no matter how—that she was
slowly poisoning him.”

  Vivi gasped with horror; Stetton
muttered an ejaculation.

   Aline had looked away, and was tap-
ping the floor gently with her foot.

  “ Somehow she became aware of his
discovery,” Naumann finished, “ and
made her escape. Our friend’s jour-
ney was a search for vengeance. I
shall never be able to forget the ex-
pression on his face as he swore to kill
the woman who had broken his heart
and ruined his life.”

   Vivi burst out:

   “ Did he find her ? ”

   “ I don’t know. I have never heard
from him.” Naumann turned to Aline:
“ Is not that enough to cause a man to
forswear marriage ? ”

   “ Perhaps; it is a matter of opinion,
M. Naumann.”

   She was still tapping the floor with
her foot.

   “ I call it a deuced unpleasant tale,”
142

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

said Stetton. “ Come, Vivi; for
Heaven’s sake, play something lively
and get the taste out of our mouths.”
He and Vivi moved together to the
piano.

  Naumann turned round in his chair
to make sure they could not hear, then
leaned forward and spoke in a low
tone to Mile. Solini:

  “ I forgot to tell you the name of
my friend, did I not, mademoiselle?
It was Vasili Petrovich, of Warsaw.
Every one in that part of Russia knows
him—a huge fellow with a black beard
and black eyes.”

  Aline turned and looked him square-
ly in the eye.

  “ Indeed ? ” she said; and though her
face was perhaps a little white, her
voice was well under control. “ He

(To be e

 must be a very interesting man, this
 friend of yours. It is really too bad
 you did not get to see his wife; she is,
 if anything, even more interesting.”

   “ Yes,” said Naumann, leaning
 closer to her; “ but I know that she is
 a beautiful woman, for Vasili Petro-
 vich showed me her photograph, and
 I would recognize her among a mil-
 lion.”

   Aline started suddenly, then sank
 back into her chair.

    “ Ah! ” she breathed, looking into
 Naumann’s face with eyes that gleamed
 ominously. Then, controlling herself
 with a visibly extreme effort of will,
 she rose abruptly to her feet and called
 to Vivi:

   “ Come, child; it is time for our
 drive.”

ontiaacd.)

7

c/Irmur

    HE small runabout was handled
      well.

        I had stopped at the Forty-
Second Street crossing of Fifth Ave-
nue to wait a chance to break through
the line of crosstown traffic and con-
tinue my stroll down the avenue. So
in the wait I’d had opportunity _ to
notice the assured manner in which
she drove her motor.

  Deftly, shaving the sides of other
vehicles, and—it seemed—running be-
neath the rearing forefeet of a cab-
horse, the girl had wormed her way
to the front of the row of carriages
and autos, held up by the puissant fin-
ger of a traffic cop.

  The Jovian figure relaxed, his finger
crooked invitingly. I stood a moment
longer on the curb to watch how dex-
ALICIA GOES A-BURGLING.' .	143

terously she shot across the tracks,
athwart the bows of a huge, battle-
ship touring - car, to gain the right-
hand curb on her way down-town.

  “ A girl,” I smiled to myself, “ who
evidently gets what she wants.”

  Then the people behind me pushed
forward, and I forgot her in the hasty
scramble across the street.

  The air was bracing; it was Novem-
ber, best of months in New York; the
sun shone brightly. I breathed in the
air and the animated scene.

  I noticed with eager eyes the beau-
tifully garbed women, the luxurious
equipages, the wealth whose evidences
were on every side. It is always thus
with me; it,always seems new and de-
lectably strange after a sojourn away
from the metropolis.

  Swinging my stick, my shoulders
thrown back, that my lungs might get
the best of the fall atmosphere, I con-
tinued down the avenue. And then
the small, gray runabout caught my
eyes again.

  The girl could not have been in
much of a hurry, after all, for now
she was progressing at a snail’s pace
up the avenue. Evidently she had
turned her car but a few blocks be-
low, and she hugged the opposite curb.
Out of sheer idle curiosity I slackened
my pace and watched her approach.

  Young — I set her down as being
short of twenty-four—with a wealth
of brown hair, a piquant face whose
charm not even the motor-veil could
hide, and a figure whose litheness was
proved by her easy seat behind the
wheel, she held for me that indefinable
attraction of sex which in my florid
youth I would have called “ love at
first sight,” but which I didn’t then
bother to attempt defining, so content
was I with the sensation.

  She was heading up the avenue very
slowly, throttled down to the lowest
notch of speed. I noticed that even
hansom cabs were turning out and
passing her. I wondered; this was
not compatible with the anxiety to get
ahead that she had shown a few min-

utes ago. I stopped—again on a cor-
ner—and stared.

  I saw that she leaned out from the
wheel, as though she were searching
the face of every foot - passenger on
the sidewalk. I noticed that several
men returned her glances with grins,
but that immediately her gaze would
go beyond them and they would go
sheepishly past her, not forgetting to
cast backward glances at the trim
vision in the motor.

  And then she beckoned to a man.
He was well groomed, smooth-look-
ing, high - complexioned. I saw him
start, stare, and then—he smiled the
smile of the masher. I felt my fists
double as he advanced to her side,
lifting his hat. Her motor stopped.

  Of course, it was none of my busi-
ness, and I should have continued on
my way; but I did not. Though I’d
only had a glimpse of the girl’s profile
at Forty - Second Street, and though
now I could not make out her features
as clearly as I should have liked, I
knew that she was a lady; further, she
possessed attraction for me, and I am
not attracted by the sort of woman
that condescends to street acquaint-
ances. So I stood—and watched.

  She spoke to him, and I could see
his jaw drop. Then he grinned. He
laid his hand on her arm. I saw her
shake off his touch. He repeated it,
and as her hand slipped toward the
lever his interposing hand stopped her
endeavor to start the car. She
straightened up and shook off his grip.
Again he prevented her from starting
the car. I crossed the street.

  I am not given much to latter-day
chivalry; ladies in distress—from mas-
culine advances—do not appeal to me.
Usually they have brought their situa-
tion upon themselves. Indeed, the girl
in the gray runabout had done that
very thing, but—if one always stopped
to reason life would be a dull affair.

  “ I beg pardon,” I said to her, “ is
this—person—annoying you ? ”

  “ Beat it, pal,” said the man. “ Beat
it. I saw her first.”
144

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

                  «

  I looked at her; her lips were set
in a straight line. She seemed very
young; and in trouble greater than
this mere offensiveness which, indeed,
she had seemed to invite. I raised my
eyebrows. She nodded. I turned
upon the man.

  “ In just ten seconds,” I said, “ I am
going to knock you down.”

  His high-colored face paled a trifle;
then he sneered.

  “ Don’t hand any of that stuff to
me,” he said. “ You get gay and—”

 I smoothed my glove over my
knuckles.

  “ Five seconds gone,” I announced.
I drew a step nearer him.

  He was like all of his breed: brave
as a lion when with only a woman to
face, but a cur before a man. With
a sneer and a look of anger he drew
away from me.

 “ You—you—I hope—”

  I took another step toward him; in-
continently he turned and fled, leaving
his sentence unfinished. I turned back
to the girl in the car. She had not
started her motor. I looked at her.

  “Well?” said I.

  A crimson flush burned her cheeks,
staining their normal color the lips
that had just been white.

  “ W-will you d-do me a service?”
she asked.

  “ Is that what you stopped that—er
—gentleman to ask?” I queried.

  “ He—he was a beast! ” she flared.
“ He—looked like a gentleman and—
and—I thought—oh, no man is a gen-
tleman — to a woman he doesn’t
know! ”

  “ Like all statements founded on
small experience, that sounds true,”
said I. “ But it isn’t — necessarily.
What is the nature of this service you
wish? ”

  “ Burglary,” she answered. “ Now
—laugh! And go along! ”

  She .reached for her lever again.
This time it was I who laid a detain-
ing hand on her arm.

  “ What do you want burglarized ? ”
I asked.

  She stared at me.

  “ At any rate,” she said slowly,
“ you didn’t say what that other crea-
ture said. He—he didn’t wait for me
to ask him anything. He—he said:
‘ Hello, dear! Going to invite me for
a ride ? ’ You—”

  “ Where is the scene of the bur-
glary to be?” I interrupted. “Who
is the victim? What’s your reason—
and the reward is to be—”

  Her lips curled and I found an un-
suspected dimple in her left cheek.

  “ You take it most matter-of-fact-
ly,” she said.

  “ According to the insurance com-
panies, there are at least a score of
burglaries in this city every twenty-
four hours,” I said. “ That reduces
the matter to the prosaic, doesn’t it ? ”
She looked curiously at me.

  “ You are a strange person.”

  “ I might return the compliment,” I
replied.

  “ But I — I am —• deadly serious,”
she said.

  “ And so am I,” I retorted.

  And with truth, for that attraction
which she held for me was no slight
thing. I had gone thirty - five years
without having a woman attract me se-
riously, and now, before her wondrous
eyes, deepest violet and fringed with
curling, long lashes, I was willing to
do anything, no matter how absurd.
At least, to be frank, I was will-
ing to listen to anything she might
have to say.

  “ Then — for a perfect stranger —
you’d commit—burglary ? ”

  “ For you,” I told her, “ I am will-
ing to do whatever service may be in
my small power.”

  A full half minute our glances met.
Then she motioned to the seat beside
her.	v

  “ Get in,” she said.

  She pressed the button of the elec-
tric starter and we were bowling up
the avenue.

  At Fifty-Ninth Street she turned
west, and a little later we were on
Central Park West, a thoroughfare a
ALICIA GOES A-BURGLING.

146

trifle less crowded than the avenue.
In silence we rode until we reached an
entrance to the park; then she turned
in and slowed the car down to approxi-
mately the same gait that it had been
moving at when she had beckoned to
our mutual friend, the bounder.

  In silence—outwardly. Inwardly I
was tumultuous. I have seen many
pretty women; for years I had thought
myself immune to the fascination of
the other sex, but now—the older we
grow the more quick we are to revise
everything—'including ourselves. I was
in love—with a pretty girl who wished
me to go a-burgling for her!

  " You seem,” she spoke at length as
we reached a deserted roadway—“ you
seem a gentleman. Also—you helped
me a while back when that—person—
misunderstood. And you profess will-
ingness to help me further. To—to
burgle for me! ”

  I bowed.

  "If you will explain—”

  She applied the brakes and the car
stopped. She turned her piquant face
to me. Again her lips were white and
her eyes held a fear in them that was
different from the fear inspired by the
bounder who had misinterpreted her
advances. There was shame in this
fear.

  “ I—I want some letters,” she said.
“ Letters that I wrote,”

  I felt a little chill down my back.
This savored of vulgar intrigue; some
indiscretion of a married woman that
lacked romance. Then, as I looked
into her eyes once more I knew better.
She was not that sort; people with her
violet eyes can never be guilty of dis-
loyalty.

  “ Go on, please,” I said, as she
paused.

  She looked straight ahead at the dun
trees that, divested of their foliage,
loomed gauntly in front of us.

  “ I—I must get them,” she said.
“ I—I have no brother—there is no
one—it had to be a stranger who
would not know me, and it had to be a
gentleman who would not misunder-

    10 S

stand. As that beast did! ” And hei?
cheeks were red again for a moment.

  "Yes?” I encouraged her, as she
paused.

  " That’s why,” she continued, “ I—«
spoke to that—person. I had an idea:
that if I could drive my car along the
curb I’d see some one who would look
the part—some one who would help a
woman in distress.”

  I hid a smile at the " woman.’*
Though she was twenty-four, she was
still a charming girl. Young in speech,
young in body, and—young in heart!
Heaven bless her, she thought that
chivalry still existed; that knights still
roamed the pavement eager to succor
ladies in trouble. She had that divinest
of youth’s gifts—faith in her fellow-
man. And I—well, a colder man than
myself would have warmed to her,
would have hated to disabuse that
faith; would have yearned to face the
dragon for her, his lady.

  r‘ But I didn’t see any one who—*
looked as though they’d help—on the
way down the avenue, and when
I reached Thirty - Fourth Street I
turned—”

  “ And found me,” I interpolated.
She looked from the dreary trees to
me, and a smile made the month June.

  " And found you,” she said. Her
voice became suddenly brisk and busi-
nesslike. “ You are a gentleman,” she
said. “ I do not know your name,
but—” She lifted her hand in protest
as my mouth opened to form the
words which should disclose my iden-
tity. “ I don’t wish to know,” she
said. “ I—must tell you mine, but—”
“ The acquaintance need go no fur-
ther, you mean,” said I. I tried to
smile, but it was a feeble effort. “ I
understand, of course.”

  “ I knew you would,” she flattered.
" And—and you spoke of reward—if
money—but it wouldn’t! ”

  " Thank you,” I said. “ Never mind
the reward. To have done something
for you is reward enough,” I added
tritely yet daringly.

  She flushed faintly. She turned out
146

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

to avoid another car. It passed, and
she drove ahead in silence for a mo-
ment. Then she turned again to me.

  “ My name is Alicia Davenport,”
she said. She almost ran her words
together, so nervous, now that she was
on the verge of disclosure of her
wishes, that the words seemed to pour
from her mouth. “ My father is—” .

  “ General, Davenport?” I asked
eagerly.

 “Yes; why? How did you
know? ”

  “Why,” said I lamely, “ I—the
name is familiar—Davenport; and I
happened to hear the—the other day
that the general had a daughter, so—”
“Of course. Then if you know who
my father is—”

“ Every one knows that,” I told her.
“ But even so, you can understand
how terrible it is that his daughter
should have written letters to—to a
cad!”

  “ Recently? ”

  Her eyes blazed.

  “ Years and years and years ago,”
she cried. “ When I was only seven-
teen! I’m twenty-f— I’m older
now.”

  Well, I hadn’t guessed very far
wrong; she was either twenty-four or
five, and I inclined to the former. It
pleased me that I had guessed so close-
ly. Also it pleased me to note that the
dimple which mirth evoked could also
be summoned by anger. It came with
emotion of any sort. I had always
known that if ever I did fall in love it
would be with a woman whose charms
were not exclusively of the time of her
good humor.

  “ Of course,” I said, “ ever so much
older. And now—”

  “ I want them back.” She looked
at me. “ I can trust you, can’t I ? ”

  “ I think so,” I replied.

  The simplicity of my answer seemed
to convince her; more, I believe, than
any protestations would have done.

  “ I read a book—seven years ago,”
she said. So, then, she was twenty-
four, not twenty-five. “ It was a story

of Balkan princesses and young Amer-
icans, and—I thought that the author
who could delineate such characters
must be a man of gentle instincts and
charm himself. I—I idealized him
until—I thought myself in love with
him. I wrote him a letter; he did not
answer, and I wrote him another.

  “ They were—they weren’t mushy
things such as girls have written to
matinee actors,” she said, blushing
furiously. “ But they were—well,
they were the sort of letters a girl of
seventeen, who knew nothing of life—
or of men—would write to a man of
genius whose work had carried her
away. They were—silly, but—I’m
not horribly ashamed of them now.
If he’d been the gentleman I thought
he was I’d be proud to think I’d writ-
ten them to him, but—”

  “ How do you know he isn’t a gen-
tleman,” I asked, “ if he never an-
swered—”

  “ As I’ve grown older,” she said,
“ his very failure to have answered
them has made me believe he is a
gentleman, but now—a man asked me
to marry him yesterday! ”

  “ Indeed ? May I hope that—”

  For a moment mischief banished
fear.

  “ You may hope nothing,” she said
with a hint of a smile. “ Why should
you?”

  “Why, indeed?” I asked.

  I shrugged my shoulders and folded
my hands over the handle of my stick.
I felt her eyes curiously upon me as
we rolled slowly along.

  “ I refused him,” she said. “ He
was a—a cad. A beastly cad and his
name is—”

  “ Are you sure that you want me to
know that?” I asked.

  “ Why — n-no — I shouldn’t tell
that,” she said slowly. “ It isn’t really
necessary, anyway. What is necessary
is that you should know that when this
—this cad was refused by me, he—
sneered at me. He said that I held
myself too high for him, he supposed,
but that I deceived myself.
ALICIA GOES A-BURGLING.

147

  “ He said that a girl who’d write the
sort of letters I’d written to Thomas
Brownell wasn't such a cut above him-
self. He said that he’d seen my letters
to Brownell; he and Brownell had had
many a laugh over them, he said, and
that—that’s why Brownell isn’t the
gentleman I thought him when I wrote
to him, or have thought him since.

  “ He—wouldn’t answer those inno-
cent letters; he wasn’t that sort of a
cad; to try to take advantage of a
young girl’s hero-worship, but—he’d
show the letters to his friends and
mock me, and—”

  “ When had your friend—the one
you refused—seen these letters? Are
you sure he has seen them ? ”

  “ How else would he have known
of them? And he quoted from them!
Oh, I can remember every word that
I’poured out, in my innocence of sev-
enteen, to the famous romantic novel-
ist, Thomas Brownell.” Her tone was
bitter.

  “ And when did your—the person
you speak of—see those letters ? ”

  “ Why—he’s a friend of Brownell’s.
And that proves that Mr. Brownell is
a cad himself, to have such a caddish
friend,” she blazed.

  “ Every one makes mistakes,” I re-
minded her gently. “ Brownell may
not know what sort this friend of his
is.”

  “ But they laughed together over
the letters,” she cried.

  “ So Brownell’s friend says,” I an-
swered.

  “ You seem to defend Brownell.
Are you acquainted with him ? ” she
cried.

  “ Never met him in my life,” I an-
swered. “ But—when did this person
see those letters?”

  “ You’ve asked that several times,”
she cried. “ What difference does it
make? I can’t see. But he said that
he’d seen them recently. What differ-
ence does it make ? ”

  I shrugged my shoulders.

  “ Oh, detectives ask lots of ques-
tions ; look for clues, you know. Why

shouldn’t a burglar do likewise? Mere
curiosity and something to keep the
brain busy. And now—you want me
to get those letters? Why?”

  “ Because father has just returned
from the Berkshires; he met Mr.
Brownell there; became friends with
him, and—Brownell is going to dine
with us to-night! ”

  “ But still,” I protested, “ I don’t
see—”

  “ A man couldn’t,” she almost
moaned. “ And I can’t explain. Only
—Brownell has kept those letters! He
has them now — after seven years.
Laughs over them! And I can’t re-
fuse to meet father’s friend, despise
him though I may. I can’t tell father
why I don’t want to meet his new
friend. And I’ll have to meet Mr.
Brownell and—if he didn’t have those
letters in his possession it would be
different! ”

  “ I don’t see why,” I said mildly.
“ Then, too, you could be indisposed
to-night—”

  “ I won’t run—from any one,” she
blazed. “ And as for seeing why—a
man couldn’t, I’ve told you. A wom-
an would understand. She’d know
that, if I had my letters back—if Mr.
Brownell dared mention them, I could
ask him what he meant. I could deny
having written them.”

  “ But you wouldn’t,” I ventured to
suggest.

  “ No—not that; I’ll not lie. But, if
he has them no longer, I won’t feel—
at the mercy of a strange man, a cad
who’s wormed his way into my father’s
good graces and accepts an invitation
to dine with the man whose daughter
he’s sneered at! If I have those letters
back I can face him; I can—oh, you
don’t understand.”

  “ I think I do,” I said. " And—I’ll
get the letters for you, Miss Daven-
port.”

  She applied the brake and the little
runabout stopped with a jerk. “ You
—you will ? ”

  “ To-day,” I said firmly.

  “ How?”
148

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ I’m not up on burglary,” I smiled,
“ but—I’ll get them.”

  “ And ” — for the fraction of a
second doubt gleamed in her violet
eyes—“ you’ll give them to me ? ”

  “ Why should I not ? ”

  She sighed.

  “ Men are so—Thomas Brownell
writes like a gentleman—you’d think
no one but a gentleman could possibly
create such characters, but — I trust
you! ”

  She started the little car again with
a press of the electric button. We rode
a hundred yards. Then she* turned to
me.

  “ You—you’ll be taking risks,” she
said slowly. “ Perhaps—you’d better
not.”

  “ I’ve said I would,” I reminded
her. “ Let’s try to think up a plan of
action.”

  “ I’d thought of one,” she said.
“ It’s safe—I might have done it my-
self, only—a girl can’t—”

  “ What was your plan ? ”

  “ Father told me that Mr. Brownell
lives in an old-fashioned apartment
house on Washington Square. On the
ground floor. He has only one serv-
ant—an old man. If he could be de-
coyed out of the way—and 3*011 could
gain an entrance—if you had plenty
of keys—”

  “ I could send a message to the serv-
ant—do you know his name, by any
chance ? ”

  “ He was with Mr. Brownell in the
Berkshires. John—John Curtin. Fa-
ther was so taken with Mr. Brownell
that he remembers everything about
him—and passes it on to me. Yes!
You could tell the servant to be at the
Pennsylvania Station with Mr. Brow-
nell’s things—a sudden trip—” Her
face darkened. “ But Brownell might
be at home. That would undoubtedly
spoil it.”

  I thought a moment.

  “ Let’s leave the park. Drive to a
telephone station; there you can call
up this Curtin fellow, find out if
Brownell is in; if he isn’t, find when

he’s expected home. If not for an
hour or two—we’ll send a messenger
to his apartment with a note—”

  “ The handwriting,” she cried.

  “ We’ll send a telegram from up-
town,” I said. “ Then it’ll be wired
down-town and rewritten.”

  “ Good! ” she cried.

  The little gray car had plenty of
speed; it showed some of it on our
way from the park to the nearest
drug-store, where Miss Davenport
telephoned. She came out of the
booth flushed with excitement.

  “ The servant says that Mr. Brow-
nell is not expected home until six,”
she cried. “ What luck! ”

  “ Yes,” I agreed. “ And now—for
One Hundred and Tenth Street!
That’s far enough up-town to make
certain that our message will not be
delivered as I write it, but will be re-
layed down-town and rewritten.”
Twenty minutes later I had sent a
telegram to John Curtin, signed by the
name of Thomas Brownell, telling the
man-servant to be at the Pennsylvania
Station at five, as Mr. Brownell was
going on a sudden trip to Atlantic
City.

  “Now?” she said, as I reentered
the little car.

  “ Curtin ought to have a bag packed
in half an hour,” said I, looking at
my watch. “ And it is now four
o’clock. It will take us half an hour
to get down-town.”

  “Us?” she cried.

  “ Don’t you want the letters as soon
as possible ? ” I asked.

  “ I do, but—”

  “ You can wait round a corner,” I
said. “ I’ll get them—”

  “ But how can you be sure you’ll
get into his apartment ? ”

  “ There’s a locksmith on Eighth
Street, near Washington Square,” I
answered. “ I’ll get fifty keys from
him.”

  “ But the hall-boys,” she objected.
I glowed at her fear for me. It
was only natural, still—

  “ I’ll simply say that I am a friend
ALICIA GOES A-BURGLING.

149

of Mr. Brownell’s, and that I’m look-
ing for the keys he gave me. If I can’t
find it—well, then we must expect to
lose.”

  Three-quarters of an hour later I
was on the sidewalk on Waverley
Place, a few rods from the apartment
whither I was bound. The girl was
alternately flushed and pale.

  “ Root hard for me,” I said.

  “ Oh — but I can’t let you! You
might be caught—what does it matter ?
I won’t let you take the risk — you
might not find the letters—jail—”

  “ Too late for that,” I said. “ I
never stop until my purpose is accom-
plished.”

  And then I gave her a look beneath
which she went deepest crimson; her
eyelids fluttered; her glance fell.

  “ Wait,” I said,

  Exultantly, my heart pounding, I
strode away.

  There was no one in the hall. And
the lock was of the most simple va-
riety. I opened it with one of the
keys on my own ring, needing no' re-
course to the twoscore keys I had ob-
tained from the locksmith under the
specious plea that I’d lost my keys to
my own house.

  I stepped inside; John, the servant,
had departed; was even now cooling
his heels in the Pennsylvania Station.
I walked through a sort of drawing-
room and found myself in the author’s
study. A desk was open; in a cubby-
hole was a little packet tied with rib-
bon. I took it out. Two letters ad-
dressed to Thomas Brownell, and in a
masculine hand, was scrawled on the
top envelope: “ The sweetest letters a
man ever received. God bless her
gentle heart! ”

  I opened the envelopes and glanced
through the letters. They were all
that the superscription indicated. And
they were signed in a delicious school-
girl scrawl that showed an honest,
frank, courageous character; the sort
of character that had made the child
write to the author her appreciation of
his fictitious characters. I sighed.

  “ Here they are,” I said to her a
few minutes later.

  She clutched them eagerly. She
glanced at the addresses and opened
the envelopes. Then she looked at me.

  “ How did you know — these were
mine? ”

  “ I read them,” I told her.

  “ You—you read them? ”

  “ How else could I tell the right let-
ters ?” I asked.

  Vividly, gloriously she blushed.

  “I — I was only seventeen,” she
said. “ And I—oh, how can I thank
you ? ”

  “ You can’t,” I said. “ Did you
notice that Brownell has written on
them? ”

  “ Y-yes,” she said. “ He—he can’t
be such—such a cad as—”

  “ He’ll miss those letters,” I said.
“If he—if he weren’t a cad, I suppose
you’d let him keep them, eh? ”

  She looked at the masculine writing
on the envelope.

  “ He—has earned the right to—but
he showed them to—another man—•
and laughed! ”

  “ I’d forgotten that,” I said. “ I’m
sorry for Brownell. But perhaps
when you meet him to-night—let’s
forget him. I suppose, if I should ask
you to tea—”

  “ Then you would have spoiled it
all,” she said. “ Spoiled the memory
of a gentleman who performed a serv-
ice for a woman and then—”

  “ Claimed a reward, eh ? I see—1
not chivalry. Then I won’t. Good
afternoon, Miss Davenport.”

  There was a catch in her voice.

  “ G-good-by,” she said.

  The little gray runabout shot down
Waverley Place. I watched until she
turned a corner; then I walked over to
the Washington Arch and took a bus
up the avenue as far as my club. There
I ordered a high-ball. As I drank it,
at my favorite table in the grill, Tony
Gerhart approached me.

  “ Welcome back, wanderer,” he
said. “ Haven’t seen you in a dog’s
age!”
150

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

    “ Tony,” said I, “ just when did you
 see me last ? ”

   “ Why, you haven’t forgotten, old
 man! You had a most miserable cold;
 you were in your rooms, laid up. I
 came down, and you fell asleep on the
 couch in your study and I made my-
 self at home — let’s see — September,
 wasn’t it? ”

    “ It was,” said I.

    I signaled a waiter.

   “ Pen and ink—and paper,” I or-
 dered.

   The waiter brought them.

    “ Billet-doux? ” asked Gerhart.

  I looked up at him.	s

 " “ Tony,” I said, “ sign this.”

    He read what I had hastily written.
 “ Why — why, look here, old man,
 you—”

    “ Sign it,” I said, “ or I’ll speak to
 the governors of this club and—”

    He signed it. I carefully folded the
 paper. Then I spoke to him:

    “ Tony, this is a gentleman’s club.
 You understand ? If a bounder gets in,
 the gentlemen have a right to cut him.
 If the bounder doesn’t accept the cut,
 the gentlemen have a right to knock
 him down, club or no club.”

    I left him there, gasping for breath.
 At the door I looked at my watch. It
 was half past six. I left the club and
 strode up the avenue. At a house in
 the Fifties I presented my card. I was
 ushered into a drawing-room. A few
 moments I heard the rustle of skirts.

    “ My father is not at home yet,” said
 a voice in the doorway; “ but—”

   The voice ceased; the owner ad-
 vanced hesitatingly into the room and
 stared at me.

   “ Is this—the perfect gentleman
 that—”

   She stared at the bit of pasteboard
 which I had handed the servant at the
 door, twisting it in her slender fingers.

   I handed her the piece of paper
 which Gerhart had signed. She read it
 aloud:

   Dear Miss Davenport:

    I lied when I told you that Brownell
    had shown me your letters. He had

  taken them from a trunk the day I
  saw them, was sick, asleep, and did
  not know I had seen them.

               Anthony Gerhart.

  She looked at me; she was infinitely
more alluring now than in the auto
costume she wore in the afternoon. I
felt my pulses racing. She took a step
toward me.

 “ You—you—”

  “ I kept them seven years,” I said,
“ hoping that in the future, when the
girl had become a woman, I might
dare—”

  “ I—I don’t know,” she said slowly,
“ which I like best. The man who stole
the thing he had treasured—from him-
self—or the author who had treas-
ured—”

  “ Try to like us both,” I said.
“ Really each of us is a most decent
sort, even though—”

  “ What, here already ? Good! ”
cried a deep voice from the doorway.
“ Glad you didn’t dress, Brownell; we
can mull over those books as I wrote
you we would; some of the rarest edi-
tions that— Oh, Alicia, girl! You
know Brownell? I thought you
didn’t.”

  “ I didn’t think I did, either, fa-
ther,” she answered. “ But I have
known him — since I read his first
book.”

  “ Eh, what? You’re chaffing me,
Alicia.” He looked from one to the
other of us. “ Well, you’re acquainted
now. Excuse me a minute, will you,
Brownell? ”

  The girl looked at me.

  “ I—I think it was perfectly awful,
your letting me go ahead—what must
you think of me ? ”

  “ Do you want me to tell you ? ” I
ventured.

  “ N-no,” she said; “ not until I’ve
decided to whom those letters really
belong.”

  Then the general came and took her
in to dinner.

  But she glanced at me over her
shoulder, and—I really felt awfully
sorry for Gerhart, poor devil!
SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

KATHERINE BARNES, from Orton on Cape Cod, marries Joe Chester, a stranger
to Katherine’s family. From her rigid Puritan upbringing she is taken to New
York before going to the Nebraska ranch where Chester lives. Metropolitan life
entrances her, as does the kindness of Joyce Arden, Joe’s married sister; Nina Fisher,
a gay matron; Gales, a great painter, and Mr. Orcut, who is obviously enamored of
Katherine.

    The one person who strikes her disagreeably is Ed Marker, a sufferer from tuber-
culosis, who is Joe’s dearest friend.

    At a dance at Mrs. Fisher’s, Orcut becomes so patently indiscreet that Katherine is
obviously frightened and insulted.

  CHAPTER V (Continued),

A WALTZ.

HE recognized the finale of the
waltz in sort of a stupor.

  The music ceased, yet Orcut
was still holding her, just that fraction
of a second than is necessary when a
dance is finished—that flash of time
when a woman recognizes the motive
of a man, and whether experienced or
not, reads him as clearly as if his heart
had sprung into type before her.

   “ We shall have another waltz ? ” he
asked, in half apology.

  “No. I shall dance but once more,
and that with Mr. Chester.”

  At the emphasis of her reply, Orcut
took her arm a trifle roughly.

   “ Don’t kill the music in your voice
like that! You are killing it—you
know you are—because,” he added
humbly, “of something I have inad-
vertently said or done.”

  The remark roused a peculiar min-

gling of emotions in Katherine. It
was not disgust for the man, nor even
dislike; it was fear.

  “ We are going away in a few
days.” She managed to speak, but it
was with no little effort. “ I am
afraid I shall not see you again.”

  She had meant that this remark
should signify her disapproval of him
and the liberty he had taken. She
was young and untrained to the ways
of the world, as Gales had said. More
than all, she could not appreciate the
depth of insult in what appeared a
shallow act.

  “You will come East again soon?”
he asked.

  “ Not for a year, I am afraid.”

  He laughed with a shade of un-
pleasantness not unmixed with tri-
umph, but behind it was a note of
unhappiness which he did not intend
Katherine should fail to detect.

  “ That is twice you have said you
were afraid. I wish I might know

Bcgw April 25 All StOfr Weekly. Single copies, 10 cents.

15*

Martha M.
Stanley
152

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

why. Women are so unexplainable.

I thought you were different from the
rest,” he added in an undertone. “ I
thought you understood me.”

  The appeal would have amused
Nina Fisher, and challenged to a flirta-
tion most of her guests—that appeal of
being misunderstood which men and
women alike flaunt when defeated. It
roused in Katherine what Orcut had
hoped it would—a sense of pity that
balanced, as it excused, any familiarity
he might have taken.

  As Orcut led Katherine to her seat
she bowed a little nervously and laid
her hand thankfully upon her hus-
band’s arm.

  “I believe I am sleepy,” she whis-
pered.

  Joe looked lovingly at the flushed
face.

  “ I know you are, and getting sleep-
ier every day. When we get out at
Mahama we shall be glad to rest.”

  Joe turned to Nina Fisher as she
approached them.

  “ I am going to put a stop to this
hilarity,” he laughed, “ directly after
to-night. I promised Katherine’s
mother and Aunt Emmeline to take
care of her, and I am letting her have
a year’s fling in a month! ”

  Katherine had not heard. From
where she sat she saw Orcut’s reflec-
tion in the mirror as the man helped
him with his coat. Gales joined him,
and together they left the house.

  Startled by what seemed her long
silence, she turned to Joe and asked
childishly: “ What next ? ”

  “ Supper, dear,” answered Nina
Fisher. “ Mr. Orcut had to keep a
business appointment, and Harry
Gales left with him, but I think Joe
can look after two ladies. Joyce has
turned down the senator! ”

CHAPTER VI.

HOME.

  In the days that followed Nina
Fisher’s party Katherine devoted her-

self to packing and buying the few
necessary things for their Western
journey.

   As she folded the dresses and laid
them in the trays of her trunk, she
paused and wondered why a joy at
leaving New York, that she had pre-
viously loved so dearly, should com-
pletely possess her.

  The white chiffon dress, with its
dashes of red berries, lay across her
arm. She had been almost delirious
with delight when she and Joyce had
purchased it, but now it seemed to
have lost its charm.

   True, she had danced her first dance
with Joe in it; that alone seemed to
hallow it. Again, she reflected with
rising color, she had danced her first
dance in public with Orcut also in the
same gown. Probably, she reasoned,
he had held her no closer than Joe.
It had been her imagination, after all,
but then it was Joe’s right to hold her
close, quite as it was her delight to
feel his strength and approval of her.

   With a conscience quieted, she laid
the dress in a tray by itself. After
all, she was glad it was over, glad in
that sort of a way that is a woman’s
always when she flies from a danger
more or less delicious to the protection
of a husband.

  New York was altogether too de-
lightful, too full of joy. Old Mr.
Watkins, the Orton pastor, might have
been right, after all, when he said:
“ In wo hold out; in joy, hold in.”
She might not have had that peculiar
mingling of joy and regret, if she had
held her joy in check a trifle more.

   Orcut had read her aright, after all.
She was, in reality, afraid. Not of
him personally—she smiled to herself
—though she would prefer not to see
him again, but she was afraid of the
fascination of the city and its people
in general.

  Twenty-two years of life in Orton
seemed to have maddened her with a
desire to learn all outside of it in the
short space of time she had been given
since her marriage.
HAPPILY EVER AFTER.

153

  Of the fascination of the outside
world, as she had been taught it in
Orton, she had omit+ed nothing, it
seemed, but bridge and the races.
These thoughts occupied her while she
packed and even until she and Joe
were well on their journey West.

  After traveling three days Joe no-
ticed Katherine’s weariness at the
monotonous sight of countless acres
of grain, and, leaning over fondly,
said for at least the third time:

  “ We had a great old lark in New
York, didn’t we? ”

  “ We surely did,” answered Kath-
erine. “ What do you suppose mother
would say to it all? I saw almost all
the wickedness there was, didn’t I? ”
Joe shook his head and sighed.

  “ Oh, you little Puritan! Wicked-
ness! Why, you dipped into dinners
and a bit of dancing. Had a few teas
and drives with Joyce and me, and
saw a number of plays—that was all.”
Katherine’s eyes looked dreamily
ahead, as if upon a screen she saw the
past reflected.

  “ I reveled in those plays, though,”
she said, looking out upon the long,
level fields of grain. “ I enjoyed every
minute of them. I should like to see
them every day and night.”

  “ I noticed that. Of all you saw,
what ones did you like the best ? ”
Katherine turned without hesitation
and looked frankly at him.

  “ The problem ones—because I
could untangle them myself. Now,
the musical comedies kept me guessing
all the time. I could never tell
whether the star would prove to be the
daughter of an earl or a vicar,
whether the character woman would
marry her lover or her uncle. The
only thing I could tell,” she added,
laughing, “ was that the chorus were
gong to run on and sing it was some-
body’s wedding-day or birthday until
I felt like screaming: ‘Yes, yes, I
know it—stop! ’ ”

  Joe smiled, then knitting his brows,
laid down the magazine he was read-
ing.

  “ What makes you think you could
untangle the problem plays, dear? The
situations looked very perplexing to

    _ 99

me.

  “ Why, there was so much useless
suffering, just because the husband
and wife did not go to one another
and say frankly: ‘ I have fallen in
love or become entangled with some-
body else; I want my freedom.’ ”

  Joe remained quiet for a moment,
looking full into the dark, earnest eyes.

   “ Oh, you inexperienced little girl! ”
he said at last. “ Don’t you know if
that had happened there would have
been no play — at least a very weak
one ? ”

  “ But those things do not happen in
life, Joe. People who start in loving
one another love to the end, don’t they
—like you and me—like mother and
father ? ”

  “ They should. And,” he added
reverently, “ please God, we shall.”

  “ But I would never forgive a man,”
argued Katherine, “ who so far forgot
me as the husband did in the ‘ The
Rose-Path.’ ”

  “ That is because you do not under-
stand environment,” replied Joe. “ Do
you remember the night before we
were married I read that little conclu-
sion of the fairy tale and suggested re-
vising the phrase, ‘ lived happily ever
after’?”

  Katherine made no answer, but
shook the dust from her skirt, and,
opening her traveling bag, began to
wipe the stains of travel from her face.
She dashed a little toilet-water upon
her handkerchief and bathed her tem-
ples ; then, closing the bag a trifle petu-
lantly, turned her gaze toward the
window again.

  “ Do you remember ? ” he repeated.

  Katherine shrugged her shoulders.

  “ I remember something about ‘ for-
giving one another to the end ’; but I
thought it was absurd. A woman
would lose her self-respect doing a
thing like that.”

  “ The wife in ‘ The Rose-Path ’ did
not,” argued Joe. “ She retained her
164

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

self-respect, and for it doubled her hus-
band’s respect for her.”

  “ Oh, but that was in a play! ” re-
plied Katherine. “ Just think how that
woman suffered. She really should
have got even with him.”

  “And suffered more?” Joe took
the wary, vibrant hand and closed his
own over it. “ Oh, you dear, little in-
experienced woman! Dear, impulsive
and untaught! That play was taken
from life.”

  Something in 'the strength of his
hand-clasp reassured her, and she
looked up at him with the old light of
trust and confidence.

  “You yourself are all right, Joe.
It’s other people that are wrong. Are
we almost home? ”

  Joe nodded. The question had a
contented ring about it, and warmed
his heart toward the future as it in-
creased his courage for his business.
It had been a long, hard, lonely five
years at Mahama. Workmen—satis-
factory workmen-—had been scarce.

   In the first years of his inexperience
many of his cattle had been stolen,
though his brand had been plainly
stamped upon them. A number of
Mexicans had drifted in, and with their
entry cattle had drifted out. But now
Joe’s brand shone on clear flanks from
his own stock that showed no previous
blending of letters, seared even deeper
by a former owner.

  He had in the past five years seen
his cattle tremble and go down in a
drought, his corn wither and swept by
cyclone; he had gone to his room at
night, figuring just how soon he might
sell and at how small a loss. He would
no more than have his calculations
complete than some neighboring
ranchman would come over with a
story of his experience at starting. It
would always be enough worse than
Joe’s to cause him to take courage
again.

  “ Stay right on, boy,” a neighbor
had said, “ and beat that coyote Hen-
shaw up here to the north of you. He’s
yellow, that man—he and all his tribe.

He’s got a daughter, too, as yellow as
he, though they do say that she is all
that has saved him from a lynching
many a time.”

  Contrasting his past discourage-
ments with his present hopes, his heart
swelled with delight as he sat looking
at Katherine.

  She was really his—really going out
to Mahama. She would be there at
midday, the hour he strangely dreaded
most to be alone.

  Midday was neither the beginning
nor end of the day’s work or the day’s
perplexities. It was the upset hour
when everything was chaos.

  Then, he reflected again, Katherine
would be there at night, in the long,
lonely evenings; and, instead of the
grinning face of Mito, his Mexican
man who had attended him, there
would be dear, old faithful Mrs. Lund
—Ben Lund’s widow — to tend them
both and serve their dinner under the
light of the large reading lamp.

  In the morning, to give him courage
for the day, Katherine would be there.
Nothing would be difficult now. What
had seemed serious questions before
would now be easy of solution.

  He roused from his reverie as the
sights became familiar before ap-
proaching the city.

  “ We change cars at Omaha,” said
Joe. “ I see the porter is already brush-
ing up.”

  “ And from Omaha to Deval is sixty
miles? ”

  “ Yes,” answered Joe, delighted at
the light of happiness in Katherine’s
eyes. “ Tell me the rest of the jour-^
ney, dear.”

  “ And from Deval it is ten miles in
a carriage to Mahama.”

  “ And what is there at Mahama,
Katherine ? ” he asked hungrily, com-
pelling her to speak the word.

  “ Home,” she whispered.

  Joe rose with a sense of joyful im-
portance as the porter reached for
Katherine’s wraps.

  “ I’ll assist the lady myself,” he
said, and, slipping a bill into his hand,
HAPPILY EVER AFTER.

155

nodded that he might consider himself
fortunate to attend to her luggage even.

  After the change was made, Kather-
ine found the train to Deval bore a
vastly different crowd than the one they
had left. The hats of the men were
wider, their faces more tanned. The
women walked with a stride, carrying
a breeze as they sped though the train
in search of a seat. One set down her
valise with such force that a cloud of
dust rose from its contact with the
floor. Notwithstanding it was heavy,
the woman kicked it along with her
foot and sat down with the freedom and
assurance of a man.

  Katherine nodded toward the floor
as she touched Joe’s arm.

  “ Not much like Nina Fisher’s dan-
cing slippers, are they ? ”

  Joe could not repress a smile as his
eyes fell upon the broad, low - heeled
shoes of the woman.

  “ She lives up the line a piece far-
ther. Married to a Swede, they say,
about half her size.”

  The train pulled into Deval, and
Katherine stepped upon the platform
of the station and looked round her.

  A few raw-looking boys, mostly
legs and arms, grasped their hats by
the crowns, and with averted eyes sa-
luted rather than bowed to Joe. Kath-
erine was a new kind of woman to
them—an object for side-glances and
respect.

  A few Indians in the partial dress of
civilians stalked like animated pines
beside the train even yet, not quite
accustomed to the mysterious power
that set the train in motion.

  A little half-breed Mexican grinned
and shot sharp, admiring glances at
Katherine as he took her baggage. Joe
led her to an open wagon with a wide
seat in front and an open space for
the trunks behind. Two fine horses,
hitched to the conveyance,. sniffed
nervously as the train pulled out.

  As she took her seat beside Joe she
listened silently to Mito as he threw the
trunks in the rear.

  With eyes fixed on the afterglow,

she could not speak. Whether it was
the silence left by the departing train,
the melancholy of a quiet twilight, the
distance that separated her from her
mother, or the wild freedom of the
plains, she could not tell. There was
borne upon her a feeling of desolation,
and as she felt her voice choking she
reached over and took Joe’s hand.

  “ Great, isn’t it ? ” he said. “ This
open country, this freedom to work and
think, this open wagon with no top to
it. There was a canopy,” he explained
still further, “ all fringed and fussy-
looking, but I had the fool thing pulled
off. Had new cushions sent from
Omaha, too.

  “ First,” he resumed happily, “ I
thought of getting a buggy or a little
surrey, maybe a dog-cart, but every one
I saw had ‘ tenderfoot ’ written all over
it. I knew you would not like them
either. I was just as sure, Kit,” he
whispered, leaning closer, “ from the
minute I saw you, that you were the
girl for this open country as I could be.
I told Ed Marker so, too.”

  “ What did he say ? ”

  Urged by a complexity of emotions,
Katherine had a peculiar, irritable de-
sire to know what Joe’s best friend
would say of her and her position as
Joe’s wife.

  “ Oh,” he answered with that char-
acteristic logic of his—said women
were all right when they were pleased
and were given the sights and sounds
they were accustomed to having. I
told him right away that life in Orton
had begun to bore you already, it was
too cramped. What you wanted was
liberty, freedom. I have to tell Ed a
thing or two myself now and then.”

  “ He never had a sweetheart, I sup-
pose.”

  Katherine could not imagine a
woman submitting to endearments from
Marker.

  “ No, that is one of the things that
is so noble about him. He keeps away
from women.”

  Joe looked curiously at his wife.

  “ You don’t like Ed, do you ? That’s
156

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

because you do not understand him.
That’s why, another winter, if he is still
spared to us, I want him to come out
here and have you get better acquaint-
ed. You are tired, dear; that’s all.”
With Mito’s face straight ahead,
Joe could well afford to steal his arm
round Katherine and draw her head
to his shoulder.

  Under the starlight there seemed
endless acres of grain and corn, but
no lights, no homes.

  “ Look closely, Katherine,” said
Joe, “ over there to the right. See
those three dim lights? That’s our
house at Mahama, and over to the left
about a quarter of a mile are the quar-
ters for the men.”

  “ And the cattle—where are they ? ”
“ Back of the range of hills yonder
.—ten thousand acres for them! ”

  “ My, what a lot! ”

  “ It is really a small ranch, dear,
compared to some. Think of them
when they cover miles and miles,
even townships of com — as Buck
Henshaw’s, twenty miles above here!”
Katherine sat quietly musing by
Joe’s side. In the little town of Or-
ton she had been known and loved as
Kitty Barnes; every one had known
her. In her three weeks in New York
Joyce had seen that she met every one
of her set worth while. They had
been companions, friends, delights.
Here she felt lost, even before reach-
ing her home—lost in the immensity
of the West!

  The horses were reined up in front
of the house, a one - story bungalow
sort of a place, with wide verandas
and long, low windows.

  Lights gleamed from every room,
and, crossing the light of the parlor,
a woman, motherly in stature and
bearing, came to the door and extend-
ed her hands.

  “ This is Mrs. Lund,” said Joe.
“ She takes care of us now that you
have come. Before,” he added, “ I
shifted for myself, with no one but
Mito to care whether I was ill or well.
Eh, Mito? ”

  The Mexican grinned and nodded
a trifle sadly. He did not approve of
Mrs. Lund. He was too good a cook
and caretaker himself; and then, too,
his dignity had been offended, as his
power had become usurped. For this
he could never quite forgive the
American senor.

  The journey had been long and tire-
some, and, dinner being over, Kath-
erine retired early, Mrs. Lund assist-
ing her with genuine pleasure. The
trunks were already in the room, lined
up against the wall—her two and
Joe’s one.

  “ Now, you just lay right down,”
said Mrs. Lund, puffing the pillows,
“ and give me the keys to your trunks
and I’ll shake out and hang up what
will crush and put them in the cedar
closet here. Mr. Chester had the
closets lined,” she added proudly —
“ lined with cedar, which is expensive,
too, against the bugs. The grasshop-
pers cut clothes—cut like a knife.”
Katherine lay, her hand on her
head, sleepily watching Mrs. Lund as
she unpacked the trunk.

  “ Law sakes! ” exclaimed the wom-
an. “You will excuse me, I know;
but what made you bring these beau-
tiful things? Just to cheer my old
heart, I’ll bet a cent! We’ll make
some flannelette house dresses together
next week. You’ll need them, for it’s
cold out here.”

  Katherine essayed a sleepy “ all
right,” but opened her eyes a bit wider
as Mrs. Lund drew out the evening
dresses.

  “ Oh, my life and my heart!” she
ejaculated. “ Are these wonderful
things dresses ? ”

  “ Just evening dresses, Mrs. Lund,”
answered Katherine. “ Lay them over
the chair for to-night. I want to fix
them myself in the morning.”

  Mrs. Lund approached the bed,
holding the gown of white chiffon
and holly-berries uppermost.

“ There ain’t any place to wear
these out here,” she said, lifting cloud
after cloud of the filmy stuff in her
HAPPILY EVER AFTER.

157

large, coarse hands. “ Besides, these
posies are all squeezed together.”
Katherine reached out her hand
and mechanically pulled the leaves
into shape. Her hand, though sleepy,
wandered to the shoulder of the
bodice, where a small cluster had rest-
ed against the warmth of her neck;
but the berries were missing.

  Any accident that had befallen her
beloved New York clothes was enough
to rouse her.

  “ Look in the tray, Mrs. Lund,” she
said, raising herself upon her elbow,
“ and see if a cluster of buds like
these on the skirt are there.”

  Mrs. Lund searched in vain.

  “ Nothing but a fan, Mrs. Chester,
and a pair of long gloves.”

  The dress was laid across the chairs
at Katherine’s direction, and then Mrs.
Lund tiptoed round the room, and
finally lowered the flame of the lamp
before she stole noiselessly out.

  In the dim light she saw the billows
of chiffon sink lower and lower upon
the chair, as if they had been throb-
bing and were glad at last to settle
down and rest. Then, faintly, in the
distance, came the sound of Mito, sta-
bling the horse, and the tread of Joe,
until sounds grew softer and softer,
and finally ceased altogether.

  “ It is stifling here. That is what
is the matter! No, you are holding
me too close. Don’t look at me! I
tell you—I am not afraid! ”

  Katherine struggled, trembled, and
opened her eyes.

  Beside the bed Joe was kneeling,
his arm round her.

  “ Dearest,” he cried, “ you are
dreaming! Lund keeps this house too
hot, anyway. There, there,” he add-
ed, patting her into sleepiness again,
“ I’ll open the window a trifle more.”
He threw the shutter wide and fast-
ened the window sufficiently high to
let in the fresh chill of the night. Re-
turning, he knelt by her side, and she
listened, half asleep, to the words of
comfort and welcome.

   “ It is all strange out here at first,

Kit, and the trip was pretty long.
Perhaps we should have stayed over-
night in Omaha and have come to-
morrow, but I was so anxious to get
you home.”

  He leaned the flushed face against
his breast.

  “ Listen! ” he said; “ how quiet it
is outside—not a sound for miles and
miles. We are like two little specks in
this big West, but we are together.
That’s the charm of it. I do not have
to be lonely any more.”

  He smoothed the soft hair and laid
his lips upon the cool, low, white fore-
head.

  “ Say it again, dear,” he whispered,
trembling with the joy of having her
alone beside him.

  Sleepily she lifted her arm about
his neck. The soft, clinging tender-
ness of ribbon bows, light lace frills,
and faint perfume intoxicated him,
and he closed his eyes to drink in the
welcome music of her voice.

  “ I love you, Joe,” she breathed,
her arm tightening, “ the best in all
the world! I’m glad”—she faltered,
with a little quaver in her voice—
“ that we came right home — when
we did.”

CHAPTER VII.

THE SPIRIT OP THE PEACE.

  When Katherine opened her eyes
the following morning the room pre-
sented a bare, lonely aspect unlike the
night before. The few pieces of fur-
niture and pictures pasted about the
walls that had shone cheerful enough
in the light of the large table-lamp the
night before now glared gray and
cold in the pale light of a blinding
storm.

  Not a sound could be heard within
the house as Katherine raised herself
upon one arm and listened. The wind,
driving from the east, had completely
obliterated the view from one window,
and thus her attention was doubly at-
tracted within.
158

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Joe’s traveling clothes lay upon one
chair and the scattered contents of his
closet lay upon another. He must
have left hurriedly and early, too;
everything bore the marks of haste.

  The trays of his trunk lay piled
upon the floor, and shirts and cravats
were tossed about in reckless confu-
sion. Katherine sat staring from the
bare floor, with only the tiny rug be-
side the bed, to the pile of filmy
dresses still lying where Mrs. Lund
had left them.

  A sob rose in her throat as she
closed her eyes and reflected upon the
change. She had married Joe for
love; she had come with him to this
Western country for love—anxious to
begin her life with him and for him;
but somehow the terrible quiet of the
house and its isolation made the recol-
lection of the little home in Orton
seem very dear and beautiful.

  She turned and looked at Joe’s
watch that lay upon the table beside
her. Eight o’clock! Her mother and
Aunt Emmeline had been up for
hours.

  Her own room, with its dark-red
carpet, its white fur rug, its pretty
wall-paper and pictures, its bright-
colored counterpane, seemed to hold
a more delightful memory than ever
upon this her first morning in her new
home at Mahama.

  She stepped cautiously out of bed
and lifted the dresses from the chair.
They were still fragrant with violets,
such violets as grew behind her Orton
home. As she searched in vain for
the missing holly-berries her thoughts
flew to Joyce, and then to the nearing
Christmas.

  How good Joyce had been, how
thoughtful! She pictured her in the
dainty morning gown of soft blue,
with lace and ribbon hanging from her
sleeve as she served the coffee. What
a picture Joyce had made against the
dark woodwork of her dining-room
upon whose walls, in narrow grooves,
or shelves, rested old bronzes and cop-
per plates from the Arden family.

  How gently the maid had entered
bearing the toast covered with a
snowy, fringed napkin, and how warm
and cozy the place had always been!

  Then the joy of hearing the con-
stant sound of life in the streets, the
roar of traffic, and the call to join the
world!

  As she stood, moist-eyed, recalling
it all, Mrs. Lund entered, even with-
out knocking, bearing a tin tray a trifle
discolored and bent at the edge.

  Upon it there slopped a lukewarm
cup of coffee, a few slices of bread,
and some canned berries.

  “You do "sleep, don’t you?’1 said
Mrs. Lund, depositing the tray upon
the edge of the table and taking no
note that she had left it tottering upon
Joe’s watch.

  “ Better put your shoes on; you
don’t want to get cold and get sick,
’cause there ain’t no doctor this side
of Deval, and he’s most generally sel-
dom to home.”

  Katherine began a search for her
slippers.

  “Where’s Mr. Chester?”

  “ Law sakes! ” replied Mrs. Lund,
as she nervously touched the gowns
which Katherine had laid upon the
bed. “ He went out shortly after five.
The cattle ain’t been half sheltered for
the winter, and then there’s a heap of
talk about a mine on the south side of
the ranch. Old Buck Henshaw is
looking into that, and Mr. Chester
wants to beat him to it. Henshaw
claims it runs onto his land.”

  Katherine tasted the coffee and
pushed it gently aside. It was not
only cold, but burned.

  “ How long have you known Mr.
Chester ? ” she asked.

  “ Two years. I reckon, ever since
I’ve been a widow. He sort of helped
me out, bought my little strip of land
for me, and seen I didn’t get cheated.
It was him as told me to bring you
the breakfast, instead of eating in the
kitchen, as he did.”

  “ Did Mr. Chester say when he
'would be back?”
HAPPILY EVER AFTER.

159

  “ No, but I cal’clate long about
noon. Mito went along with him.”

  Katherine managed to eat the
bread and berries, and passed the tray
to Mrs. Lund.

  “ You may go now,” she said, “ and
I’ll fix up in here. I like to look after
my room myself.”

  Mrs. Lund walked hurriedly out
and shut the door with a bang. Not
to see the entire contents of those
trunks was a keen disappointment.

  Fighting the desire to sit down and
cry, Katherine bravely picked up the
gowns, shook them, and hung them in
the closet. It took courage to put the
New York clothes out of sight. She
would wear them again in Omaha—
maybe.

  Even the dreary storm would clear
away; she would teach Mrs. Lund how
to cook; then she and Joe would
build cozy-corners, window-seats and
shelves for magazines and books.

  She stood a moment by the window,
watching the snow blow and drift, a
white sheet from a white space beyond
to a white world beneath. Occasion-
ally the vertical waves of it parted
obliquely enough for her to discern a
grayish-brown house with wide chim-
ney and small, snow-incrusted win-
dow-panes. There must be many of
them, she reasoned as she turned away,
that were hidden by the curtains of
snow.

  It was no light task arranging Joe’s
belongings. He seemed to possess an
abundance of everything. It was plain
to be seen that, instead of bothering
with a laundry, Mito had allowed him
to buy new collars whenever a number
became soiled, until there must have
been a hundred or more.

  Some one, she laughed to herself,
had certainly got to take care of Joe,
as he himself had stated, and walk
behind him picking up his things.

  In unpacking the trunks she found
a few photographs of her family, her
friends, and Joyce. These she tacked
up on the walls or stuck in the edge
of the mirror.

  Then there were old ribbon bows
which she had bought, too soiled for
wear, but with which, by turning, she
could decorate the chairs.

  She had just thrown the log-cabin
quilt of Aunt Emmeline’s making
upon the bed when a quick knock
sounded upon the door, and, without
waiting for a response, Joe entered.

  “ I knew what you were doing the
minute I heard the sound of that ham-
mer,” he cried joyfully. “ I bet to my-
self coming along that you were fixing
up and making it look like home. Did
Lund bring your coffee ? ”

  “ Yes, and berries and bread.”

  “ That’s the stuff! I was lucky to
get her. So long as you are well taken
care of, I didn’t make much fuss about
fixing up here. We’ll live outdoors,
anyway, when the spring comes. Say,
Kit,” he added, throwing a coat on
his knee and drawing her to it, “ the
boys actually think there’s a mine
on this place—a part of one, anyhow.
Won’t that be a find, though? ”

  “ Splendid! When can we go and
look the place over? ”

  Joe grew thoughtful.

  “We won’t be able to do much chas-
ing round until spring. The snow has
started in, and Heaven knows when it
will hold up long enough for you to
ride horseback. I felt the chill driv-
ing over last night, didn’t you ? ”

  “ Maybe that was it,” replied Kath-
erine. “ But storms shouldn’t bother.
I come from New England, where
storms are made.”

  In the days and weeks that followed
the prospects of a mine forbade much
time for conversation about affairs of
the house.

  An excitement had been roused that
could best be talked over in the homes
of the workmen. In the enthusiasm of
each day, chiefly among the men,
Christmas and New Years even bore
little semblance to the festive days in
her own home. Wedding-gifts had
been so numerous that Christmas gifts
were almost forgotten.

  The dinner, and Joe’s delight at hav-
160

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ing Katherine about, counted a change
quite sufficient for his happiness.
Strong, loving man that he was, he did
not think in his blind affection of the
change in the life of his wife.

  Katherine and his business consti-
tuted his life, and he was content.
Thus latent in his mind, there was a
thought that in like manner, he and
her idleness would fill her hours with
quite the same contentment.

  With Joe, weeks and months sped
on, while with Katherine in her entirely
new surroundings the hours seemed to
crawl, with occasional jumps of the
dial in the shape of home-papers and
magazines.

  Katherine had taught Mrs. Lund to
cook many of the dishes which Joe
liked, but this most estimable though
shiftless woman never seemed to be
able to make the journey from kitchen
to dining room without chilling the
food until it was unpalatable.

  The neighbors had been kind enough
to call, though upon such visits Kath-
erine exercised no little charity to con-
strue their curiosity into friendship.

  Mrs. Davis, the most garrulous of
all, who lived a mile or more away, was
quite as full of news of the affairs at
Mahama as the Orton Bulletin had
been of the happenings to its townsfolk.
Not the slightest occurrence escaped
her.

  Then Mrs. Follis who lived but ten
minutes’ walk from the house had
called upon two or three occasions, and
each time had devoted her conversa-
tion to the long-lost past in which she
and Follis had seen better days.

  The wives of the cattle-men were
good enough and large hearted—every
one had said. Large-heartedness
seemed to be the quintessence of com-
panionship. No one who had studied
the physique of these women could im-
agine the incongruous combination of
a small heart within such a frame.

  They expressed desires for her hap-
piness in voices that would have made
an auctioneer famous, and they brought
in pails of cream so full that they

slopped over on the table-cover and
rugs.

  Their goodness was disgustingly
superlative and because of it, Katherine
seemed at a loss to know in just what
manner and how great quantity her
calls and gifts should be returned.

  Early in April, however, Joe’s de-
sires prompting her, she started out to
make a tour of the place, accompanied
by Mrs. Lund.

  There were a few Mexicans, a num-
ber of Swedes and a peculiar brand of
Americans called cowboys. They
were not the kind depicted on the stage
and in story books with wide-brimmed
hats, loose shirts, red neckerchiefs and
belts filled with cartridges, knives and
guns. Neither did they fly by on horse-
back, whooping as they went.

  They were a sullen, coarse, skin-
covered set of fellows who felt no more
compunction at sticking a sick steer be-
hind the ear than they would in shov-
ing a plough point into the earth.

  A number of women left their but-
ter-making, their scrubbing and cook-
ing, long enough to come out and ex-
change greetings with Mrs. Lund, but
they stared boldly at Katherine, while
they questioned Mrs. Lund about her
and her tardy calls quite as frankly as
if she had been born of another tongue
as well as of another environment.

  As she walked slowly back to the
house, Katherine saw Mito coming
from Deval with the mail. The saddle-
bags were quite full and she chided her-
self for wondering what life would be
in that country of freedom if it were
not for a line or a light from the coun-
try of restraint.

  She and Joe, in the lull of business,
made two trips to Omaha during the
winter, but they were hotel visits,
where the kindest voices were those
of the hired chambermaids or waiters.
The whole city was strange. The
stores offered charm a-plenty, but it
was dead charm, unaccompanied by a
familiar voice sharing her enthusiasm.

  The drives out of the city, along
the rolling road, past the scrupulously
HAPPILY EVER AFTER.

161

clean buildings and pavements were
filled with an unmistakable monotony.
More than all, to this was added the
feeling that the journey was taken for
her recreation at the expense of duty
on the ranch. The theaters even, were
catering to the grand opera and ora-
torio lovers, or else, to the variety
loving public.

  A straight, well-told story in the
form of a play like “ The Rose-Path n
did not seem to find its way to Omaha.

  So it was, with no great disappoint-
ment that she agreed to return with
Joe to Mahama a day^or two earlier
than she had anticipated.

  When, upon the last of May, Kath-
erine asked about the intended trip
East, Joe replied evasively : “We
shall have to wait, dear. Blake has
left for a vacation—hasn’t had one in
four years ; and then Follis is down
with pneumonia. I can’t leave now,
but of course if,—”

  “ Oh, I wouldn’t go without you,”
interrupted Katherine.

  " Maybe round October or Novem-
ber,” he continued sadly. “ Somebody
has to build a station at Potsar, and
I might as well do it, now I’m settled
here.”

  There was a horrible sound of
finality about that word “settled”;
Katherine felt it sink upon her heart
with the weight of lead.

  “ I’ll tell you what we’ll do,” began
Joe, “ we’ll figure to go East round
Christmas anyway, and then we’ll
bring your mother, Ed Marker, and
maybe Joyce back with us for the
winter!”

  “ Joyce wouldn’t come.”

  Katherine turned away and walked
to the window.

  “ Why, for goodness’ sake ? She
follows me round everywhere usu-
ally.”

  “ She would not leave New York.
It is too lovely.”

  Joe slowly opened the door and
walked out into the sunlight. It was
growing hot, and he sauntered over to
the shed and sat down in the shade.

   o s

  He was perfectly satisfied with thei
West, his business and Katherine,
Why should she not be equally con-
tent with him ? Were not his pros*
pects, her prospects ? Thus, he rea-
soned, blind like all men, unknowingly
blind.

  Always Joyce had thought for him
as well as with him. Joyce was no
less a woman than Katherine, but here
again, he reasoned blindly. Men for-
get, sometimes wilfully, sometimes
innocently, that the law that makes
demands of one’s own kin is vastly
different from the law that makes
them at the call of sex.

  The attention that husbands and
wives forget, are the attentions that
cause many a matrimonial rupture.
Then, one’s kin comes in and makes
allowances, understands in a parental
or filial sort of a way. While it com-
forts, it does not satisfy, and so the
call goes out again to another woman
or another man—an endless stream
of discontented, self-pitied misunder-
stood creatures.

  In the cool of the summer evenings,
Joe arranged that Katherine should
ride a fine, little Mexican mare that
Mito had gradually broken to the sad-
dle.

  As a surprise to her, he bought a
cross-saddle like his own, only smaller,
and then led her out to show her the
steed complete,

  “ Why, Joe dear! ” she cried in dis-
may. “ You don’t expect me to ride
astride do you, like a man ? ”

  “ Certainly, it is safer and a divided
.skirt is perfectly modest.”

  Katherine sat down in the doorway
of the shed and looked appalled.
“What is it, Katherine?”

  Joe’s eyes were fastened on the
fringed saddle with its shining buckles
and new leather mountings.

  “ It is all so different,” she explain-
ed. “ We never go to church. There
is no society here. We never have
time to go to stay any length of time
even in Omaha. I’m as brown and
burned already from this Western sun
162

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

as the native dairy-woman. I go gun-
ning with you Sundays even, and play
cards for your diversion. I was not
brought up to it, Joe,” she added,
“ and now you want me to unsex my-
self by riding astride!”

  Joe unbuckled the saddle and threw
it in the shed.

  “I am sorry, Katherine; I try to
please you.” Somehow, he had fan-
cied that his idea of pleasure for her
must be her idea of pleasure for her-
self. “ I gave you the time of your
life in New York. I thought you
would remember it.”

  “ That is the trouble, Joe,” she an-
swered frankly. “ I do.” She paused
a moment, then added: “You were
different there. Somehow I thought
you decorated every place you went.
In my home town you were so supe-
rior to every one else, and in New
York you seemed born for the draw-
ing-room. But I was mistaken,” she
continued with the slightest curl of
the lip; “your native element is here
—out in this lonely, open country! ”
“Well, what’s wrong about it?”
Joe was unbuckling the mare’s bri-
dle with pitiful disappointment.

  “ It’s not the country that’s wrong;
it’s its effect upon you, a college-bred,
God-fearing Eastern gentleman! Your
ideas are different here, your actions
—even your manner of conversation.
You, whom I love dearly, are permit-
ting yourself to become not only ac-
quainted with these common cattle-
men, low Americans, Swedes, and In-
dians, but you are actually growing
fond of them. You will have to par-
don me, Joe, if I quote your own
words, ‘ environment has got you! ’ ”
“ Well, what’s the matter with the
environment, Katherine ? ” he asked
doggedly. “ My business is here. I
don’t see any reason why I should be-
come * New England ’ for you, any
more than you should become ‘ out
West ’ for me. I can’t play the prude
with these cow-punchers! ”

  “ The prude is the last thing I want
you to be,” she replied emphatically.

“ I want these men to see a difference
between you as their master and their
neighbor .workman. I treat the neigh-
bors kindly enough, but I make them
see a difference between us.”

  “ The women are not working for
you—that’s different. I took you over
to Deval twice to church, and you did
not like it.”

  Katherine laughed.

  “ No wonder, Joe. Couldn’t you
see that the service was more like a
debating society or a political meet-
ing ? Why, men leaned up against the
wall and smoked and chewed tobacco,
and several refused to remove their
hats when the minister prayed! That
wasn’t church,” she continued sarcas-
tically ; “ that was a rural play! ”

  Joe walked beside her slowly back
to the house.

  “You didn’t have to watch the
crowd, Kit. The parson was handing
out the stuff you wanted. That, it
seems to me, is the way you ought to
do with me. Don’t keep your eyes and
ears open for these people and their
manners; keep them open for me. My
interests are yours, aren’t they?”
“Yes,” she answered slowly, “ they
most certainly are. But while you are
building up your interests I wish that
I might build their location.”

  “ Oh, Kit, dearest Kit,” he ex-
claimed with the old tenderness, “you
have so little experience even yet! I
wish I could set this ranch down on
Madison Avenue for you, but it can’t
be done until I can turn it into gold.
I have taken you to Omaha several
times, but you didn’t seem to like that,
either. I’m so sorry! ”

  “ So am I,” she whispered. “ Be
patient with me, Joe, will you? I am
trying so hard to be broad-minded and
contented and root the old New Eng-
land system out of me!”

  For many days Joe pondered over
this conversation. He could not see
why his attempt at her happiness as
his wife had failed. Surely, had he
been placed as she was, he would have
been not only content, but ambitious.
HAPPILY EVER AFTER.

163,

  But, though half a year removed,
the three weeks of dream delight in
New York were ever rising up in vivid
contrast to the life that stretched be-
fore Katherine.

  The thousand harmonies of nature
were discordant when contrasted with
the stringed orchestra at Nina Fisher’s
dance. The huge drop-curtain with its
sunset tints rose daily on the same
quiet scene. The welcome faces of
friends were forever obliterated by
those of women who could never un-
derstand her. At times she saw her
opportunities fading, just as she saw
the laces and chiffons cracking and
separating into strings. The buds and
ribbons had lost their freshness.

  Had Joe been a brother she would
have helped him make his pile and
coaxed him to take her East.

  But Joe was the mate who had an-
swered her call. A fresh, clear call
through the iris-odored, wet reeds of
New England. He had come and
taken her away, and she had followed
that call whose music lures mankind.
Now, with a lifetime of the West be-
fore her, the god of love seemed to
have hidden himself in the miles and
miles of waving corn. He was out
there, weeping somewhere.

  Katherine knew, were she to go
away, she could not take him with
her. He would always be within the
sight and sound of Joe.

  Early in September the men re-
newed their excitement about the mine.
Potsar station was well under way,
and Blake had resumed charge.

  Standing by the veranda-post, Kath-
erine watched Joe as he made the turn
by the corral and down the road to-
ward the house.

  Twice she saw him turn and look
behind, then, striking the spurs to the
animal, she saw him swing his hat in
the air and come bounding down the
trail.

  Behind him, riding astride, flying
like the wind, came a girl, her long,
reddish-yellow hair blowing in the
breeze.

  She was clad in a divided skirt of;
khaki and red shirt-waist. It was evi-
dent she had urged a race.

  Above Joe’s laugh Katherine heard
the girl shout, saw her sit the saddle
as if grown to, the animal, and, rush-
ing up the path, swing round the ve-
randa a horse’s length ahead of Joe.
“Howdy!”

  The girl threw one leg over the
pommel and bowed like an old ac-
quaintance.

  “ This is Miss Henshaw, Kather-
ine,” said Joe. “ Her father owns an
immense tract up above here.”

  “Yep,” answered the girl. “Dad’s
the king-pin of this section. I just
wanted to show Mr. Chester,” she con-
tinued, “ that dad knew what horse-
flesh was, too, when he bought me this
mustang! ”

  Katherine smiled.

  “You certainly know how to ride.
Will you come in? ”

  “ Me ? Lord, no! What’d I do in
a house! I ain’t seen a hat and gloves
since we left Dallas!”

  “You like it here, don’t you?”
asked Katherine.

  The girl shrugged her shoulders.

  “ Like it! Well, what in blazes is
a girl goin’ to do when her paw buys
half the State? Got to get joy out of
life where he is, eh? ”

  She ran her hand under her long
hair and tried to knot or braid it for
the remainder of the ride.

“ I’m goin’ to get everything there
is out of life out here,” she resumed,
“ and everybody, too. Did you see me
get Mr. Chester’s goat on that race ? ”
Katherine laughed.

  “ You had better come in,” she
urged.

  “ Nope. Thank you just the same,
but paw is waiting ’bout ten miles up
above here. So long! ”

  She leaned over and tweaked the
ears of Joe’s mare.

  “ What’s her name—Turtle ? ”

  Like a flash she was gone, making
the turn about the house and up the
road.
164

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Katherine stepped to the edge of the
veranda laughing a trifle hysterically.
“ Who is she, Joe—do tell me? ”

Joe shook his head and dismounted.
“ Old Buck Henshaw’s girl. Never
saw her before; only heard about her.”
In various doors men stood staring
after the flying figure.

  “ Looks like a four-legged Eva Tan-
guay, doesn’t she? ” asked Joe.

  “ I never saw Eva Tanguay,” re-
plied Katherine, and then continued
disdainfully: “ I was wondering
whether she ever dismounted or just
grew on the horse.”

  “ Rides splendidly, doesn’t she ? ”
continued Joe, still looking after her.
“ Her name is Brinda, I believe. But
the men call her Brindie or Brinnie,
for her reddish hair.”

  “ She’s terribly coarse, Joe,” re-
sumed Katherine, “ and no wonder.
Nothing but a ranchman for a father
and no mother living.”

  “ Poor thing,” said Joe tenderly.
“ She’s awfully good-hearted, and in
spite of her being a little rough, one
cannot help but like her.

  “ She fits into the country,” he add-
ed, “ and is a right good sport.”

To b« cootlfl ced .

THE way up the rocky, volcanic
hill to the Benedictine mon-
astery of Monte Zaldino was
hardly more than a mule-track, now
-twisting through olive-groves, now
breaking across the sun-steeped open
in sight of the vivid, lustrous blue of
the Tyrrhenian Sea.

  This was new country to Bertram
del Colpo. He had never fared so
far south and west of the Umbrian
Marches.

   The outlaw leader’s mission, this
November of 1772, was a difficult' one.

  Rizzo, the youngest member of the
band, had been sent to Frascati with
money to purchase a large quantity of
the famous wine. At Frascati Rizzo
had encountered a girl of Zaldino,
postponed his buying to follow her
home, and spent his funds.

  Bertram arrived two days too late
to prevent Rizzo’s attempt to rob Ab-
bot Albertus; the expedient failed.
Rizzo disappeared, and Bertram, who
had so lately escaped from captivity at
Fabriano, was on his way to succor
another captive.
THE PURSUIT OF ANTAR.

165

  Unless Rizzo had been promptly de-
livered up to justice, there was a
chance of securing his release by ap-
peal to the abbot, supplemented by do-
nations and penance.

  The great wall of the monastic en-
closure attained, Bertram rang a
modest peal at the gate and, having
desired private intercourse with the ab-
bot, was introduced into his presence.

  Bertram told Father Albertus the
truth regarding Rizzo’s errand, but
described himself as the wild youth’s
merchant uncle, anxious to save his
ward from the disgrace of exposure.

  The abbot, a gaunt, bearded man
with a beak of a nose that formed a
thin, bony partition between the close-
set, penetrating eyes, heard the Scottish
adventurer’s role of anxious uncle
without interruption. In reply, he
stated with perfect courtesy and sym-
pathy that he could recall nothing of
such a matter.

  “ Word was brought to me from
my nephew, incarcerated in Monte
Zaldino. Possibly the reverend father
has not been fully informed! ” Bertram
shot at a venture.

  “ Ah, that! Um—yes, my son, I
do seem to remember now. A wild
lad! He professed penitence and de-
sire to atone by a period of prayer and
fasting. His penitence lasted till op-
portunity for escape offered. The in-
cident slipped my memory.”

  “He escaped, then?”

  There was a faint, unguarded note
of triumph in Del Colpo’s voice. The
abbot’s forehead seamed itself into a
mighty frown.

  “ He has escaped justice,” he an-
swered.

  Del Colpo was almost convinced.
He expressed regret at uselessly dis-
turbing Father Albertus. The Bene-
dictine’s mien became more urbane.

  “ At least you must stay for our
frugal meal. It is after noon. I will
send word to the brother who min-
isters to the guests. Perhaps you
would be interested to see the mon-
astery? ”

  This was exactly what the Scot did
want. He accepted the offer, and for
more than an hour wandered alert and
questioning over the great pile. The
attendant brother seemed to have
nothing to conceal, though Del Colpo
was particularly curious in viewing
the dungeons and in secluded parts of
the monastery.

  He constantly whistled a short,
quaint air containing four high, pre-
dominant notes. The monk’s with-
ered mouth frequently twitched a little
at the corners.

  Guide and guest appeared at the ap-
pointed hour in the refectory. Sitting
at the abbot’s table, Bertram munched
his bread, consumed the vegetable soup
that was made largely of pure olive oil,
and drank his share of common wine.

  The Scot noticed that a change had
come over Father Albertus. He was
pale, restless, and forgot to take pains
to seem at ease. He was not listening
to the brother who real aloud.

  Nor were the other monks attend-
ing. There was an air of smoldering
excitement in every one of the com-
munity. Even the reader frequently
lost his place or stumbled through
some passage unreproved.

  The guest’s curiosity led to suspi-
cion. He changed his plan of leaving
immediately artd, after the repast, ex-
pressed his desire to rest for a night
before resuming his journey.

  The abbot scarcely heeded Bertram’s
lengthy remarks of appreciation upon
the treasures and curios of the mon-
astery.

  “ May I inquire,” the young man
asked directly, " how it is that you
have here a remarkably fine mehari
saddle? ”

  “ Saddle, my son, saddle ? ”

  “ Yes, a gazelle-skin saddle of the
type used on the fast racing mehari
breed of camels in the African desert.”

  The abbot started.

  “ Hah! the old camel-saddle? What
do you know of such things ? ” He
leaned forward suspiciously.

  “ Father, my question came first.
166

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

Is there any reason why it should not
be answered? If so, we can dismiss
the whole subject.”

  “ No, no, but — something has oc-
curred, my son—your inquiry seemed
to bear obliquely on the difficulty—I
wondered—”

  “ Yes?”

  “ In a word, I beg of you to answer
me. We might be of—of mutual help
to each other,” the monk added cau-
tiously, suggestively.

  Bertram shrugged his shoulders.

  “ I have not always been a resident
merchant, father. I have spent a year
and more in the Barbary States on
the fringe of the Sahara, learned a
smattering of dialects, and the com-
mon knowledge of the use of common
things.”

  “ Curious! ” reflected the other
aloud.

  He lapsed into profound abstrac-
tion, his eyes scrutinizing the Scot
with a new purpose.

  “ My son,” he said at length, “ I am
moved to put my trust in you. Follow
me to my study and I will tell you a
strange tale.”

  The abbot led the way and sum-
moned the provost to attend.

  “ Some fifteen years ago one of our
brethren was sent on a mission to
southern Sicily. Winds drove the
vessel from her port to the coast of
Tunisia. Several of the sailors and
Brother Andrea landed on the desolate
shore and found a lonely cell wherein
dwelt one the Arabs termed a Mara-
bout—pious and learned. Two lads,
sons of desert chiefs, were studying
false doctrines under this deluded Mo-
hammedan.

  “ Brother Andrea determined to do
his utmost to save at least one of those
lost souls. He befriended the younger
boy, a youth of twelve or thirteen, and
on the plea of being taught to ride the
lad’s camel got Antar—for so was the
lad called—to guide him several miles
along the shore. They rested in the
heat.

' “ Brother Andrea felt himself bound

to snatch this youthful brand from
hell. Several sailors came. Antar
awoke and, suspicious and terrified,
fled to his camel and tried to mount
He would not loose his hold of the
saddle, and, fearing the angry beast,
the sailors cut the saddle-thongs and
flung the whole thing with the boy
into the boat that lay waiting.

  “ The young heathen was converted,
and, having an astonishing knowledge
of the old tongues—Hellenistic Greek
and the mixed Arabic of the Tuareg
tribe—he has been of much use in our
midst. That answers your question,
my son, as to how the big, red saddle
came to Monte Zaldino.”

  “ It does,” agreed Bertram with a
lack of approval.

  “ As you may have heard, our mon-
astery is rich in treasures donated by
the devout—books, vestments of cloth
of gold, sacred vessels, and precious
stones, and, recently discovered in a
hidden recess, a strong-box about as
big as a man could well carry beneath
the arm.”

  “ It contained—” burst in the pro-
vost.

   “ The pearl of price that would ran-
som a kingdom,” continued the abbot
firmly. “ The treasure is gone. Antar
has fled, taking it with him.”

  “Antar the Tuareg?” echoed Del
Colpo, who had begun to look for a
different ending.

  “ Even so. We had good hopes of
taking him, but have just learned that
he has escaped from Naples in some
bark bound for the Barbary coast.”

   “ A great misfortune! ” inserted the
guest.

  “ Now,” exclaimed the abbot force-
fully, “ I have not told you this to
spread the story of our loss through
the provinces. I have a proposal to
make. Help us to recover the steel
box.”

   “I?” ejaculated his listener.

  “ You,” affirmed the abbot with de-
cision. “ You are familiar with An-
tar’s country. We will defray your
expenses. The best horses shall gallop
THE PURSUIT OF ANTAR.

167

you south. Pay any sum within reason
for a boat to take you direct to Tu-
nisia. Brother Luca—so we christened
Antar — has no money; he cannot
hasten his passage. You can reach
Tunisia first.”

  “ Dio mio! ” cried Bertram, “ but
the man will have bartered his goods
before sailing probably.”

  “ I tell you no,” thundered the ab-
bot. “ The box was secured in such a
manner that a smith must struggle no
little time to force it open. Antar had
no key. He had no moment between
his escape and sailing to force the box
open.

  “ Had he done so we were lost in-
deed! He will not dare to shatter it
on the crowded vessel. No! No! He
will make for his old home in the
desert. He will shun strangers’ help
at this task. He surmises the value of
the treasure.”

  “ That is all well and possible,”
agreed Bertram, “ but, father, I am a
busy man. There is no reason or in-
ducement for me to accept this mis-
sion.”

  The abbot smiled cunningly. He
waved his hand in deprecating denial.

  “ My son, your honest labor and
success shall not fail of reward.”

  “How so?”

  “ One of the brothers informs me
that that wild lad, your nephew—oh,
most youthful and solicitous of uncles!
—has been found lurking about the
monastery.”

  The angry crimson flamed in the
Scot’s face.

  “ So you were—”

  “Softly, my son, and hearken! If
you undertake this mission, the lad
shall be kindly kept and liberated on
your return, whether you succeed or
fail; but success will add this chalice ”
■—he unlocked a black oak cabinet and
held up a beautiful thing of gold set
with precious stones—“to your re-
ward.

  “ Take six months for the venture,
or even more if you return with the
box unbroken; but I fear that unless

Antar be overtaken before he reach
his people in the desert, your journey
will be useless. We are bound to trust
you with more than you trust us.”

  “If you consider gems of more
value than life.”

  Bertram looked squarely at the ab-
bot. It was the abbot’s turn to flush.

   “ I swear to you,” he replied earnest-
ly, “ that I will keep faith.”

  “But should I die? Nay, the man
must be free now, and then I will un-
dertake your service with a whole
heart.”

  Father Albertus was a good judge
of character. He decided to yield the
point. Fearing at first that Rizzo was
implicated in Antar’s escape, he had
decided to keep him secretly at the
monastery.

  Then, that very morning, following
Bertram’s assertions as to relationship,
came the definite news that Antar had
succeeded in escaping the country.
Small use in further holding Rizzo as
decoy or accomplice. His crime was
dwarfed by this possible reparation.
He should be freed.

  His conditions fulfilled, Bertram
undertook the pursuit of Antar.

  On board the little vessel that bore
him to Susa — white-walled, white-
roofed until it seemed from the sea
like a smooth, white pebble on the
shore—Bertram made a rough plan of
campaign.

  He decided to risk the whole game
on one move and push on south to the
Oasis of Ghadames and there wait for
the runaway monk.

  He reasoned that Antar might land
within a mile or a hundred miles of
Susa, but that if, as was most prob-
able, he were making direct for
Agades, he would join one of the
south-going caravans, and nearly all
of these, between Algiers on the west
and Tripoli on the east, converged
upon Ghadames. There Bertram could
be sure of purchasing a staunch racing
mehari that could cover, at need, one
hundred miles in the long day—quite
168

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

a different beast to the servile djewel,
the camel of burden that knew no such
speed or endurance.

  The Scot took unto himself for com-
fort and secrecy the garb of the desert.
The turban, woolen burnoose and the
cloth that the Tuaregs wear across the
face to shield them from the wind-
borne sands served as excellent dis-
guise. He could not attempt, in con-
versation, to pass himself for a native;
for, though he had picked up no little
knowledge of the dialects, he could not
speak with fluency.

  Once arrived at Ghadames, Bertram
began to arrange his campaign. He
pitched his gourbi in a secluded spot
near one of the oueds, or streams, that
are forked from the central spring
through the oasis to irrigate as much
of the land as possible.

  fie attended the markets and roamed
among the goatskin tents of the Arabs
who came and went in the caravans,
made up of pilgrims to Mecca or of
traders with their hundreds of camels
bearing burdens of ivory, salt, dates,
ostrich feathers, gold-dust, gums, and
slaves.

  Bertram bought himself a sturdy
mehari about twelve years old, in the
prime of its existence, a huge, fawn-
colored camel with clean, muscular
limbs; he also purchased saddle-bags
of coarsely woven camel’s-hair and a
high-prowed red saddle whose front
pitched up like a slender, roughly
shaped ace of diamonds.

  He took part in the impromptu
camel-races and became expert in guid-
ing his mehari, native fashion, with
bare toes, his legs crossed on the brute’s
neck, and to bring it from full speed to
a sudden stop by a pull on the reins that
passed through a single ring in the
camel’s nostril.

  Bertram, by kindness and bribes,
gathered as allies some score of young
Arabs, whose duty it was to meet each
entering caravan and gossip with the
traders. In this way did the Scot ex-
pect to learn of Antar’s coming.

  And every night Bertram filled full

his mezad—the skin water-bottle that
keeps pure and cool its contents for the
salvation of desert-riders. In the oasis
itself Bertram might fail to secure the
steel box of jewels, but he would be
ready to follow to the Tuareg capital
of Asben—to Agades itself, at need.

  This adventure suited Bertram’s
dreamy mood of melancholy.

  The woman he loved was unattain-
able—the widow of a duke ten years
older than himself!—but under night
skies of the desert, where the tent of
heaven was riddled with the fire of
stars, it was joy unabashed to dream
of Leila, to match her name to the
sighing of the palm-trees and the bus-
tling murmur of the oued as it tumbled
coolly over the rocks.

  Then, one evening, came Abulfeda
and Rames, two of the most depend-
able scouts, and reported that a Tua-
reg, with strange tales to tell of a for-
eign land, was journeying to his home
—that by some decree of Allah he had
encountered there at Ghadames two of
his own brothers, from whom he had
been rudely separated as a child.

  Then Bertram knew that the moment
to act had arrived.

  “ An-cha-Allah—if God wills—he
shall be relieved of his ill-gotten
goods! ” cried Abulfeda excitedly.

  “ He carries with him an oblong box
rolled in an empty mezad. He does not
leave it. When he comes to the oued
at dawn, then may he go and — An-
cha-Allah — leave the box behind! ”
Rames added.

  These men were Berbers, between
whom and the Tuaregs small love was
lost.

  “ Be it so! ” said Bertram with in-
tense satisfaction. “ Do not let this
man out of your sight. If he leave the
box in his gourbi, we can rob him. If
he bring it to the oued, we must fall
upon him and strip him of his stolen
booty. For you all the reward shall be
in accordance with your good faith.”

  The Scot well knew that once he
gained possession of the treasure of
Monte Zaldino, he would be in as much
THE PURSUIT OF ANTAR.

169

danger from his allies as Antar was at
that moment. But it was wiser to simu-
late perfect confidence at this stage of
the enterprise.

  At dawn, when the knifelike air had
slashed the east until it bled behind the
palms, Bertram waited restlessly at
the door of his goatskin gourbi. The
mehari was saddled and had been wa-
tered. The mezad was full. Then ap-
peared Abulfeda, running.

  “■ He comes! He comes — bearing
the box! ”

  “If he lay it down on the bank, do
you attack him, while I seize the treas-
ure. The reward is here.” Bertram
dandled a clinking pouch. “ I shall
throw it to you, Abulfeda; and re-
member that you have sworn by the
Prophet to be a faithful steward! ”

  There was no time for more.

  Antar came striding, silent, lithe, and
powerful, to the oued. On the steep
bank of the stream he looked cautious-
ly about him. There was a bulge in his
white burnoose.

  Then the man resolutely strode out
on some stepping-stones to where the
current swirled, swift and pure. He
was about to fill his mezad. He
stooped.

  Bertram leaped out noiselessly on the
shaky stones.

  “ Brother Luca, the good Father
Albertus sends for the jewels of the
monastery. Deliver them up in peace,
and in peace may you depart.”

  The Tuareg flung about, half
crouching. To look into his face, one
would never have dreamed that he
had yielded to alien training since
childhood.

  This man with the blazing eyes,
the fierce expression augmented by the
heavy lips and broad nostrils, had shed
every vestige of superficial civilization.
In his strength and alarm, he was
primitive, magnificent.

  In the fraction of a moment he had
taken in the situation, and without ap-
parent effort was upon Bertram with
a swiftness and ferocity as natural as
unpremeditated. The box fell in the

shallows, and the men were locked
together in cool-eyed grapple, flounder-
ing a little, seeming slow at first in
their straining postures.

   Then Rames and the others leaped
toward the oued. Bertram heard the
noise of their onrush, but—they did
not arrive.

   He knew there was a struggle taking
place on the shore, just as he knew he
had at last found the grip to bear down
' Antar into the water, to hold him there
till he lost consciousness.

  Now there was grunting on the
bank, the sound of a fall. The Scot
strained desperately to dislodge the one
firm foothold of his foe, whose fierce,
proud glance was growing vague. Had
Antar not been weakened by years of
fasting and lack of exercise, the Scot
could not have coped with him suc-
cessfully.

   “ At last! ” gasped Bertram as his
adversary’s knee gave suddenly, but
the suddenness of the collapse was
Bertram’s undoing.

   The forward movement carried his
foot into a hole; he reeled, relaxing his
grip-

  Antar twitched sidewise, and,
clutching crazily, the Scot slipped and
fell with a mighty splash. He struck
on a stone that blurred consciousness.

   The cold water revived him, and he
struggled dizzily to his knees in the
shallows. Dawn was not yet white.
There was no sign of any one living;
there seemed to be a huddle of some-
thing on the shore.

   Bertram half remembered, and be-
gan to grope blindly about near the
spot where Antar had dropped the box.
The Scot’s left shoulder hurt him
sharply. He put up his right hand. He
had been stabbed.

   Antar had doubtless sought hastily
to finish him and fled. There was no
use seeking for the box in the oued.

   Bertram waded heavily to the shore
and gazed curiously at the stained,
lumpish burnooses. Then some one
called in low tones. He looked up.
There was Abulfeda.
170

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “Allah be praised, you still live!
The dog of a Tuareg has escaped. He
stayed to fill his mesad and pack his
gourbi on a second mehari. Also the
box! He is but now gone.”

  “ Gone ? And the others ? What
happened ? ”

  “ The others were the man’s brothers
—may the vultures clean their bones,
for they slew Rames! They are not
gone.”

  “ Ah!”

  “ Doubtless they reasoned if any at-
tempted to follow, they would accom-
pany the caravan, not knowing the
way. They did not look for you to
come to life again! It would be the
part of the twain to see that such
pursuers did not long pursue.”

  The Scot’s jaw set in dogged lines.
“ I shall not wait for the caravan.
Antar fears nothing for the moment.
I can overtake him, keep him in sight,
follow his track if he leave the way.
I will win yet.”

  “ An-cha-Allah! ” exclaimed AbuJ-
feda in grave admiration. “ And the
others cannot well overtake you if
they learn of your departure, because
they are now using Antar’s djemels,
having given him their two meliara”
“Good!” cried Bertram. “Help
me to mount. Here is reward for your
latter service—and see to those poor
fellows. Peace be upon you! ”

  “ Peace be upon you,” answered
Abulfeda. as the mehari rose in sec-
tions. “ Yonder is the way* Keep
on the outskirts of the oasis. There
are likely to be spies lurking about the
fonduk. Peace be upon you! ”

  “ I will give the inn a wide berth/’
muttered Del Colpo and brought his
rhinoceros-hide whip down smartly
upon his beast’s flank. They were off
like a sweeping, tawny shadow over
the sands.

  Bertram’s intuition had not erred.
Before noon, hot on the track of the
two meliara, he caught sight of Antar—
a restless speck on the immense horizon.
And he was sure that Antar had seen
him and knew him for the enemy, be-

cause he swept off at a tangent from
the caravan route.

 Antar, confident of his own
inherent ability and early training,
intended to shake off the pursuer in
the pathless desert, tire him in a long
race, and -leave him to the hyenas.

  Bertram understood, but followed.
His personal sympathy lay with this
wronged Tuareg, but he had his oath
to fulfil, and, with head throbbing,
shoulder aching, he persevered in the
face of death.

  So the two men circled and rode
many days, nearly always within sight
of the other.

  At little oases they would replenish
their store of water, and, if possible,
of dates; then, sometimes minutes,
sometimes hours in the lead, Antar
would swerve out again over the
sands.

  This test was to him, Bertram sup-
posed, perhaps a matter of pride. The
Scot admitted to himself his thank-
fulness that Antar’s early desert train-
ing had been blunted by years at
Monte Zaldino. Burned almost black
as the sun, grown lean to a hard mass
of weary muscle, chilled in the insid-
ious cold of Saharan nights, it was
all Bertram could do to keep the trail
of this half-civilized Tuareg.

  After several weeks of this killing
pastime it seemed to Bertram that
Antar was aiming for some large oasis.
They passed other travelers and the
bleached bones of camels fallen on the
march.

  The Scot was full of apprehension.
In a big oasis, without allies, it would
be so easy for Antar to give him the
slip.

  What Bertram had dreaded oc-
curred. The Tuareg arrived at Ghat
only an hour or so ahead of his pur-
suers, but the oasis veiled every sign
of him.

  In spite of exhaustion, the Scot ven-
tured to make inquiries of all Tuareg
children that he saw, asking them about
a man newly come from the desert,
riding one and leading another
THE PURSUIT OF ANTAR.

171

viehari. None answered him to any
purpose.

  Wearily he arrived before the
fond.uk, or inn, keeping his face-cloth
well up to his sunburned eyes.

  The keeper of the fonduk was
talking with a fine-looking Tuareg.
Bertram followed them, with othefs,
into the building and sat down to eat
his boiled beans and dates, smarting
with weariness and disappointment.

  “ The dog must stay to rest his
mehari, to seek news—several hours
ahead—” Bertram caught snatches of
the conversation. “ Directly to Agades
—camping off the main route—but—”

  Talking, the two men turned and
walked slowly toward Bertram, and
the Scot started within the thick folds
of his burnoose, for he recognized a
tawdry brass chain that Rames had
worn.

  The Tuareg noted the hollow-eyed
stranger, and bent a pair of keen eyes
on the seated figure. He, too, started,
the least bit in the world, but he passed
out after meeting Bertram’s calm
glance.

  “ He knows me, but does not know
that I know him. He must be Antar’s
brother,” reflected Del Colpo.

  He bent his head in thought, then
smiled to himself.

  Del Colpo rose and strode from the
fonduk.

  The Tuareg was still idling near by.
The Scot approached him.

  “ Peace be upon you! I seek a man
of your tribe,” he began in the most
halting, misspoken Arabic imaginable.
“ I came from the monastery where
he once lived. I fled away, because it
seemed to me he had the true faith.
I heard he had come to Ghat, but I
do not find him. He is called Antar.
Can you help me ? ”

  The Tuareg’s scrutiny probed in
vain to find anything but a lucky acci-
dent in this encounter that confirmed
his suspicions. He pondered and de-
cided warily.

  “ Salam aalikoum!” He gave the
salutation that guaranteed brother-

hood and bloodlessness. “ The father
of Antar has gone west to Teleg with
the traders. When this was known
to Antar, 'straightway he rose and
took his way, even this dawn, again
toward Ghadames to overtake the
caravan from Chad.”

  Bertram gave expression to well-
simulated gratitude.

  “ I shall follow and overtake him
by night,” he cried eagerly.

  “ You will overtake him—an-cha-
Allah,” admitted the Tuareg with hid-
den meaning.

  Bertram tarried but long enough to
water his faithful comrade, purchase
provisions and fill his mesad. Then he
rode north, grudging the necessary
miles to shield his real knowledge
from the Tuareg.

  Bertram’s act in going to him for
information had convinced Antar’s
brother that he had heard nothing of
the discussion of Antar’s plans—or at
any rate had not understood. Still he
followed the stranger discreetly for
a score of miles, till he was convinced
of the genuineness of the man’s inten-
tion to ride north.

  But at last Bertram and his viehari
wheeled wide on the billowy Sahara
and rode south with all the speed and
endurance that remained in their
travel-worn bodies.

  There was moonlight. On and on
paced the courageous camel. They
came abreast of Ghat; they passed if
and pressed on in a wide detour till
Bertram judged they must be twenty
miles south of the oasis. Then they
swung in and found the track of the
lately passed caravan from Chad.

  South they thudded. Not once did
they pause for sleep or rest. Bertram
ate and drank on his ship of the desert.
It was well for the mehari that it
could travel days without water, that
its muscles were like hard, rounded
rubber.

  All day they went on and through
the second moonlight. Bertram calcu-
lated that he would overtake Antar
that night or at dawn. He rode now
172

,ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

in broad serpentines from right to left
as he advanced, crossing and recross-
ing the trail, and suddenly, as they
paced, the mehari pulled up short at
the head of a steep, wind-blown cliff
of sand.

  Below was pitched a little gourbi,
and two hunched camels were tethered
near. This was the goal.

  Bertram circled the drop and, fast-
ening his camel, crawled to the flap of
the gourbi. He looked in.

  There sat Antar—asleep! He had
been reading from some scattered
parchments, confident of having eluded
his persistent foe, and the steel box
lay still unopened, intact, beside him.

  With a triumphant, nerve-wrung
shriek, Bertram pounced on the box.
His dagger was at Antar’s throat when
the Tuareg started awake.

   “ Brother Luca ” took in the realiza-
tion of defeat and smiled a smile of
stoic resignation.

   “ It is the will of Allah! ” is all he
said.

  Bertram acted immediately. He
searched the tent, the floor of sand,
and Antar for any hidden jewels, then
bound Antar’s hands and strapped
him with the saddle-straps onto the
djemel outside; evidently Antar had
given up one of the mehara to his
brother.

  With cut strips of the gourbi he
hobbled the djemel to prevent its
rapid motion, and thrusting the parch-
ments and remaining food into An-
tar’s saddle-bags, prepared to leave.

  “ Peace be upon you! ” he said with
vague regret, but Antar’s reply was
merely an inscrutable smile—was it of
reluctant admiration?—of ironic sub-
mission?

  Leading the Tuareg’s mehari and
bearing the jewel of Monte Zaldino,
Bertram rode north.

  Early in June, 1773, Abbot Al-
bertus was summoned from his cot
one night by an excited brother. Nor
was the abbot less excited when he
learned who had arrived.

  Bertram, gaunt and sunburned al-
most beyond recognition, gave into the
Benedictine’s hands, in exchange for
the golden chalice, a box.

  The abbot, with an exclamation of
delight, fumbled his fingers over the
delicate engraving on the lid. There
was a sudden click and the whole side
fell open.

   Father Albertus shook the box over
the table, while the monks clustered
round in indecorous eagerness.

  The box was quite empty. It fell
from the abbot’s grasp with a crash.
He turned wildly upon Bertram.

  “ Who found the secret of the
spring? The box does not unlock.
None—none knew the intricate meth-
od, for I alone held the directions!
The manuscript has gone! ”

   “ But,” cried Bertram, amazed, “ he
could not have had the jewels, for I
searched every inch—”

  “Jewels!” cried the abbot in a
great voice. Then he checked himself
and bade the others begone, all but
the provost.

   Pie turned on his superior.

  “ It was your counsel not to tell
him all. Sir, the treasure of Monte
Zaldino was an uncial manuscript,
comprising the four Gospels, thirteen
Epistles of Paul, one of John, and one
of Peter, written in Hellenistic Greek
during the first or second century of
our era.

  “ It must have been walled up for
safe-keeping during the invasion of
the Saracens. We had no record of
it. It was found recently by the
merest chance. And now this most
valuable manuscript in the whole
world is lost to us forever! ”

  “ Manuscript! ” blurted out the
Scot, aghast. “ Parchment — manu-
script! Dio mio! You should have
trusted me! ” He turned with angry
accusation upon the monks. “ Had
you done so, your treasure were here
to-day.”

  “How? How?” muttered the ab-
bot, with twitching lips.

  “ I came upon Antar asleep in his
'AN ANCIENT GRUDGE.

173

tent — over a manuscript! Whether
chance disclosed the secret of the box
or whether he had stolen that knowl-
edge ere he stole the treasure, he must
have known it, and had I known you
were not seeking jewels—”

  The abbot wrung his hands.

  “ I never dreamed he could work

the catch. I feared if you knew the
utmost value of those irreplaceable
documents, temptation might cause
you to betray us and—”

  “ And the blame be upon your own
head,” Bertram told him sternly.

  “ I wonder,” he added reminiscent-
ly, “ if Antar is still smiling? ”

j William Tillinghast Eldridge

CHAPTER I.

THE FIRST.

THE man stopped with the sud-
denness of one who had been
struck.

  His eyes put an unuttered question.
In frowning silence he gazed about
him. Up and down the quiet village
street his regard traveled.

  Then his hand went to his cheek.
He brought it away. Gazed at it;
frowned. His arm dropped to his
side.

  “ What in tarnation’s the matter
with you, Hank ? ” queried a fellow
villager just emerging from the post-
office.

  Hank Bowner turned slowly upon
his questioner.

  His lips parted. With an obvious
effort he attempted a reply. But no
words passed his lips. They were
merely distorted in the semblance of a

smile, which changed to a grin of dia-
bolical hatred and made his face ter-
rifyingly repulsive.

  Hanson gave back.

  “ What in tarnation—” His words
were cut short.

  With a wild lunge, Bowner made at
him, uttering a shriek that brought
the post-office gathering out upon the
street.

  Like a man gone suddenly mad,
Bowner plunged toward the group.
Shrieking as he charged, he struck
right and left, and only the rapidity
with which the crowd sought shelter
saved it from the sudden fury of his
onslaught.

  Up the steps of the post-office he
lunged. Across the boards he went,
down the other side, and there he
halted.

  Swaying, mouthing words, Veeling
like a drunken man, he stared about
him. Again his hand went to hia
174

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

cheek. Again it came down and he
looked at it. Again his arm dropped
to his side with apathy.

  For a moment he was passive, in
strange contrast to the wildness of
his assault upon his fellow friends and
neighbors.

  A face or two peeked out from the
post-office windows. Up the street,
where a few had sought shelter in
wild flight, a head peered from around
the corner of a building.

  One to the other questions flew.

  Hank Bowner had never been
known to drink. Moreover, but a mo-
ment ago he had received his mail,
and before its distribution chatted
commonplaces with the usual evening
gathering at the post-office.

  Now he stood alone in the village
street, a quivering mass and as wild
of eye as a drunken brute or mad-
man.

  Why such a swift change? Why
the assault upon them?

  In low-voiced whispers the ques-
tions flew from one to another.

  Then Hanson, the first to question
the meaning of Bowner’s strange ac-
tions, walked out toward his neighbor.

  “ Say, Hank, what in the deuce’s
got you? Trying to be funny? Well,
yer look as if yer were a good imita-
tion of a crazy man, you do. Cut it
out and come on home.”

  With a tolerant smile he eyed his
friend, but he was conscious of the
truth that there was something in
Bowner’s actions which seemed to pre-
clude the possibility of the affair be-
ing jocular.

  “ Say,” he urged again, “ if you’ve
got ’em—say so. What in tarnation
ails you, Hank ? ”

  The quiver which suddenly shook
the man brought forth the last ques-
tion with a sharpness that hinted at
his friend’s alarm.

  Bowner had begun to shake. Like
a man with the palsy, he stood there
in the‘middle of the street and every
inch of his massive frame was con-
yulsed by horrible jerks and quivers.

  His arms twitched, his hands lifted
and fell. One foot came up with a
sharp jerk of the knee, then struck the
earth with almost enough force to
make the onlookers believe they had
felt the jar.

  The next second Bowner began to
jump. In tremendous leaps he cleared
the ground, and each time that he
struck the earth it seemed that his re-
bound was greater.

  Men and women poured forth from
the post-office, their curiosity over-
coming the fear they had felt a mo-
ment ago.

  For a second Hanson viewed these
strange actions, and then he sprang
forward. He was of no mean pro-
portions and his strength, matched
many a time with Bowner, hardly less
than his neighbor’s.

  Yet, when he attempted to seize his
friend, he was flung aside as if little
more than a feather.

  He went reeling back, lost his bal-
ance, and crashed to the ground with
a thud that all but stunned him.

  Getting to his feet, he gazed blankly
upon his friend for one moment.

  Bowner had stopped his wild leaps.
Now his mouth opened and it seemed
as if he attempted speech. But only
rumbles, mouthed gutturals, passed his
lips.

  His gaze turned to right and left.
For a second he studied the group up-
on the post-office steps and the crowd
gave back as if they feared again his
mad attack.

  But the man did not move. As wild
as had been his actions of a moment
before now he was passive. Into his
eyes came the look of a wounded deer.

  Piteous entreaty, a yearning, plead-
ing light showed in his gaze.

  Hanson shrugged and went toward
him.

  “ Say, Hank, will you cut it out and
talk? What in the dickens has got
into yer? Be yer sick or—”

  Again wild contortions of muscle
and limb attacked the man. He leaped
high into the air. His mouth flew
AN ANCIENT GRUDGE.

175

open, and while no sound escaped his
lips his jaws parted and his throat
muscles strained as if he had given
utterance to a cry, the blood-curdling
shock of which was almost felt by
those who watched.

  He struck the earth, crouched, and
without a second’s warning plunged
straight toward Hanson.

  With a wild cry the attacked man
went down into the dust of the road,
his assailant on top. Over and over
they rolled, each fighting madly.

  Suddenly Hanson was down and
two hands gripped his throat. With
a madness that was fiendish his head
was lifted and battered again and
again upon the earth.

  Then others awoke to the horror of
the situation.

  With a cry half a dozen men dashed
for the struggling two and fell upon
Bowner. By the very weight of their
numbers he was dragged to his feet,
but with him came Hanson. The grip
of the tightening fingers had not been
broken.

  “ Let go of him! ”

  “ Stop, Hank; stop! ”

  “ Quit you fool, you’re killin’ him.
Quit!”

  The cries seemed to have no effect.

  With wild fury blows fell upon
Bowner and at last his fingers were
wrenched from Hanson’s throat.

  As his grip broke he stepped back,
still to passiveness. Before him lay
the victim of his attack, breathless,
purple of face, choked almost to in-
sensibility.

  Men bent over Hanson and lifted
him up. For a second he breathed
deeply. Then he shook off the restrain-
ing hands and stepped forward.

  “ What’s the matter with you, Hank
Bowner? ” he roared.

  He had lost all thought of the
strange actions which had forerun his
manhandling.

  “ Don’t, Bill,” urged the postmaster,
appealingly. “ Something’s the matter
with him. Can’t yer see ? ”

 The group turned. Up went

Bowner’s hand to his cheek. He took
it away, looked at it, and his arm
dropped to his side.

  The action turned the attention of
the men to Bowner’s face. Across
his right cheek they noted a dull pur-
plish tinge of color growing. With
startling rapidity it grew and at the
same time his face puffed and bloated.
Huge blotches came on the flesh, bub-
bled like water blisters and burst to
come again.

  “ What’s the matter with him ? ”
whispered one.

  A buggy drew up at the side of the
road and a little, gray man poked his
head out from behind the dilapidated
top.

  Without a look for the huddled,
staring men his slits of eyes peered
long and earnestly at Bowner. Slow-
ly his fingers strayed through his un-
kempt white beard.

  “ Something’s wrong with him, Mr.
Marker,” volunteered the postmaster.

  The man in the buggy stared as if
fascinated by the horrible sight.

  And horrible it was. Bowner’s
face was swelling with a rapidity that
would have been grotesque had it not
been diabolical.

  It changed from purple to fiery red.
In spots it puffed and the strained
flesh broke with a little whiff of es-
caping air.

  Slowly the man’s right eye closed.
Even as the cringing men watched, the
features seemed blotted out, trans-
formed, until he was no more like him-
self than the most hideous caricature.

  As this went on Bowner stood
swaying slowly. His mouth worked,
his throat strained, and while no
sound came from his parting lips it
was as if he uttered the whine of an
injured beast.

  Then once more he began to twitch.
For a second his arms lifted, jerked
up and down, and his knees snapped.

  He took one leap and the crowd
broke.

  The man, unheedful of the cries,
charged up the road. Head down he
176

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ran as if the very fury of his flight
brought relief.

CHAPTER II.

THROUGH THE WINDOW.

  Stanley considered his friend
with a quizzical light in his shrewd,
gray eyes.

  “ Not such an unprofitable matter,
this coming to the country for your
health,” he smiled.

  The merest suggestion of embar-
rassment touched Naughton’s face.
Then he laughed good-naturedly.

  “ No use trying to fool you, Ed,”
he admitted. “ Well, yes and no,” he
added thoughtfully.

  Dr. Stanley smiled at the serious at-
titude of his friend. The time had
come when he no longer worried over
Naughton’s condition of health.

  Three months in Melton had done
wonders for the young lawyer whot
had broken under the strain of a rap-
idly built legal practise.

  As it was only a question of the
condition of NaughtQn’s heart—not
as it might be weak from a physical
standpoint—he felt permitted to show
amusement.

  “ Well, hang it, Ed! ” growled Sam
Naughton; “ it’s not such a funny sit-
uation as you think. I can’t make
head nor tail of the matter. Yes ”—
with a sudden burst of frankness
which he had not shown before—“ I
care for Grace Marker, and you know
it. Whether she more than likes me
is one of the things I can’t make out.
It’s troubling, that—and you’d see it,
you old bear, if you weren’t married
and loved.”

  “ Perhaps I can appreciate being
married,” still quizzically.

  “ Well, that isn’t all,” pursued
Naughton.

  " Then what? ”

  “ Her living there with her grand-
father. Man, it’s out of all reason.
You know perfectly well that she is
not—not like the rest of these people.”

   “ Reflections on the countryside.”
“Lord — no! But they are just
plain country people, and you’ve got
to admit that. She’s different. The
girl’s been well educated, traveled the
world over, and to think of her buried
alive in this place—”

  “ Here, here,” protested the doctor
good-naturedly, “ remember I’m buried
alive in this selfsame place.”

  “ You know perfectly well what I
mean,” insisted Naughton, determined
to free his mind of its troubles. “ You
are here from choice and because your
practise has been established. You are
not caged in a dilapidated old house,
unoccupied for years, and with a
grandfather seventy - odd who is, to
put it mildly, a queer stick.”

  “ She’s seen a good deal of you,
Sam.” .

  Naughton got up with a shrug,
lighted his cigarette, and walked to
the French window. Through the
glass he peered out upon the doctor’s
well-kept garden.

  Suddenly he turned, and his tanned
face was touched with a smile.

  “ I’d punch your blooming head if
I didn’t realize that you always have
been prone to levity,” he growled.

   “ I’ve saved people’s lives by being
jocular.”

  “ State of mind,” nodded Naugh-
ton. “ I dare say it works in many a
case. Speaking of state of mind,” and
he came back to the table, “ what do
you suppose Grace Marker’s state of
mind can be?

  “ You’ve seen a little of her, and
you know that her place is not here in
this village. She has had every ad-
vantage, and now she is cut off from
all congenial companionship — don’t
run in that stuff about me—and made
a prisoner to the whims of an old
man.”

  Stanley nodded agreement
“ I get your point,” he admitted.
“ Yes, it is a queer situation. I was
as surprised as the village when the
old Marker place was opened, and
Gale Marker and his granddaughter
AN ANCIENT GRUDGE.

177

came to live here. Let’s see, it’s close
to fifty years since the Markers left—
if gossip keeps dates in order.”

  “ The man might have a yearning
for the old place right enough,”
frowned Naughton, “ and want to
come home to die. But to bring her,”
and he shook his head.

  “ Take her away,” smiled the doctor.
“ Easier said than done. ' Ed, I be-
lieve she cares for me, and yet she keeps
me at arm’s length. As for her grand-
father, well one sees precious little of
him and gets less out of him, save
grunts and mouthings, when they do.
I can’t comprehend the affair.”

  “ Back to the first riddle and I can’t
answer it for you,” replied the doctor.
“ I tell you, Sam, the best thing for you
to do is to have a relapse and stay on
for a while longer. You’ve made prog-
ress. Another month may win out for
you. I’ll get the wife to try again to
get Miss Marker here for dinner and
the evening, quite often.”

  “ She refused your wife’s invita-
tions.”

  “ With one exception.”

  “ And that evening. Do you remem-
ber how ill at ease she seemed. As if
she wanted to get away.”

  “ Something like that. You spoke
about it afterward, but truth to tell I
fancy it was mostly your imagination.”
“ Well she hasn’t come again. Up
there she stays watching over her
grandfather as if she dared not let him
out of her sight. What’s the reason? ”
“ Oh you’re magnifying. Her
grandfather’s not such a bad stick as
you make him out. He’s old, and age
must be tolerated. Yet,” and the physi-
cian’s sharp eyes grew very merry, as
they could, “ if you think things are so
bad just carry her off.”

  “ But she won’t be carried. We are
past the days when we can copy after
the Romans.”

“ My dear fellow there is one thing
that you must do when you are in love.”
This with a great show of serious-
ness which did not deceive Naughton.
“ Joke Number Two-million-five-

    12	S

hundred-thousand,” he grunted. “ Go
ahead.”

  “ Use force. Not physical but be *
masterful. Batter down obstacles,
drive home the will of yourself and
make her see that you care in a way
that will brook no refusal. A woman
likes to be told what she must do by
the man she loves, at least before she
is married. Don’t mention that last to
Ethel. Go it on this line for a while
longer and look for results.”

  “ Easy to talk,” mocked Naughton,

“ and easy for a happily married man
to give advice.”

  “ Oh you are ungrateful,” protested
Stanley, ramming home the tobacco in
his pipe. “ I try to help you and you
simply scoff at my counsel. You’re a
good lawyer — not. You give advice
and expect to have it followed. Takq
your own medicine.

  “ Here you’ve been under my care,
came a broken-down wreck close toi
nervous prostration, and look at your-i
self now. Same old Sam who made
records on the track and football-team
at college. Big, brown, muscles like
iron again. And handsome.”

  The doctor chuckled.

  “ You should see the advantages of
the country life. The city nearly did
for you and the country has put you
back into shape. Now you want to
take Miss Marker away from .the en-
vironments that have done so much for!
you.”

  “ Fine—fine,” chaffed Naughton.

“ I’d have been in my grave if I’d had
the environments surrounding her.
That grandfather of hers, I tell you, is
enough to give any one the creeps. He
slides about that old house and grounds
like the shadow of death.

  “To see him out in the yard with’
his wire cage over his face and the
heavy gloves on his hands playing with
his butterflies is enough to make any
one think he’d gone crazy. I don’t
know but what he has.”

  “ You are about as prejudiced against
Marker as one man could be against
another. You couldn’t think him agree*
178

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

able if he was the prince of good fel-
lows just because he doesn’t take his
granddaughter dancing round through
your world. If he moved down to the
city and let you call for tea each after-
noon he’d be glorious and your legal
business would go to pot. You only
saw him once in that rig.”

  “ And that was enough. There he
was out among the trees and bushes
that have overgrown the old garden.
Helmeted like a bee-man he was let-
ting his butterflies or moths out of a
big box.”

  Stanley tugged at his mustache and
his sharp regard of his friend argued
for a greater interest in the story than
his scoffing tone indicated.

  “ You said he whistled them back? ”
“ Called them, or so it seemed, and
they came. To be truthful, I didn’t pay
much attention to him and— How
could I when I saw her? There she
was crouching behind a bush watching,
and if ever fright, terror, wild fear
was written upon a girl’s face it was
upon hers. I never dared ask her the
meaning of the incident.”

  Stanley drew a deep breath and
shook himself into an amused atti-
tude.

  “ Rot. Ten to one the old man has
reached his dotage. Those butterflies
are his hobby. Been collecting them
for years; pets. You told me Miss
Marker said they had lived in South
America for a long time? ”

“ South America, Europe, Africa, all
over the world, I fancy. I’ve batted
round a good deal, especially on that
big game hunt after college, and she’s
been where I’ve never been.”

  Stanley nodded.

  “ There you have it. Marker’s a
collector and she doesn’t like the bugs,
really has a dread of them. I’ve seen
the same thing many a time. Some
are born with it, a natural fear of
certain animals. It’s undoubtedly so
with Miss Marker. You’ll find the
grandfather’s an entomologist, and she
simply can’t bring herself to tolerate
his collection.”

  “I dare say,” nodded Naughton;
“ but that doesn’t help.”

  “ Not in the least. It—”

  The quick ears of the physician
caught the rush of feet on the gravel
drive and he was round the table in-
stantly.

  Many a time a quick call had come
for him. Like most country doctors
his practise took him miles over the
roads to all four points of the compass
from the little New Hampshire vil-
lage.

  He straightened to listen.

  On came the racing feet, up the
treads of the porch steps, and, without
a second's pause, round the house.

  The next second the rush was upon
them and there came a crash.

  Straight through the French win-
dow, carrying glass and frame with
him, plunged a man.

  He struck the table and it went over
with a crash.

  As the window was driven in both
men had sprung back.

  As the table went down and the
writhing, twitching figure upon the
rug shook and jerked, Stanley sprang
forward.

  Hardly had his grip touched the
man than he was flung back and across
the room by the simple swing of the
writhing arm.

  With a cry both he and Naughton
sprang forward.

  Together they flung the man to the
rug and by their combined weight held
him there.

  In his struggles he was turned face
upward and a cry of horror broke
from both men’s lips.

  In startled question they looked
down upon features with hardly the
semblance of humanity left.

  The right cheek was bloated to
thrice its normal size. Both eyes were
closed. The mouth was puffed and
swollen beyond the possibility of being
opened, and down and over the dis-
torted and fiendishly horrible face ran
streams of blood where the window
glass had cut great gashes.
rAN ANCIENT GRUDGE.

179

  “A rope, quick,” panted Stanley,
throwing his knee into the man’s
chest.

  Naughton sprang to obey. As his
weight lifted, the writhing, twitching
creature flung the doctor aside and the
man was on his feet.

  Like some hideous demon, less man
than beast, be crouched in the middle
of the room.

 His long arms twitched and
reached as if for something upon
Which to vent their strength.

CHAPTER III.

A TELEPHONE call.

  The horror of that inhuman spec-
tacle held Stanley and Naughton rigid
for one long moment.

  Both men were winded with their
struggle to master the powerful
farmer, who seemed possessed' of a
strength as abnormal as were his dis-
torted features unnatural.

  The doctor was the first to move.
.With a quick sign to Naughton to
hold steady he slipped into his office.

  For what seemed an interminable
age the lawyer waited. His eyes were
set upon the grotesque and terrible
sight before him.

  The man again suffered the sharp
twitching attacks as he had in the vil-
lage street. Knees jerked, arms
snapped, and a terrible straining of
the throat muscles told of the suffer-
ing he endured.

  Suddenly he plunged straight ahead
and, with a crash that rocked the
building, went into the wall. It was
plain that the swollen, distorted face
made the man blind.

  He reeled back from the contact,
and Naughton leaped for him. The
lawyer caught him in his powerful
arms close to the knees and they went
down, sending a light chair flying
across the room.

  ‘‘Hold him, hold him, Sam,” begged
Stanley, rushing into the room, hypo-
dermic needle ready.

  Stanley leaped toward the thrashing
men.

  Bowner, feeling the grip upon him,
fought like a fiend.

  His legs kicked and thrashed, break-
ing Naughton’s hold. With clutching
fingers he clawed the air, and a light
table, falling under his grip, was flung
across the room.

  It struck the doctor a glancing blow
as he plunged forward to drive the
needle home. With a cry he reeled
and leaped for the hypodermic,
knocking it from his hand.

  As he seized it up, Bowner was free.
Again upon his feet he held command
of the situation. Naughton had leaped
to his feet, but at a sign from Stanley
refrained from springing.

  Slowly the doctor circled the help-
less creature and cautiously crept upon
him from the rear. As he would have
driven the merciful needle home Bow-
ner was seized by a sudden paroxysm.

  As if shot from a catapult, he went
charging across the room. This time
the blind madness of his move took
him straight toward the wrecked win-
dow. Through it he went, carrying
what little was left of sash and frame
and out and across the porch he
lunged.

  Blind as he was to his surroundings,
he had no inkling of the veranda edge,
and went down and over, to fall
sprawling upon the lawn.

  Before either of the two men could
reach him he was up and away. After
him dashed Stanley and Naughton.

  Through the garden, over flower-
beds, and finally down across the lawn
the flight took its course. Both the
doctor and Naughton, as quick as they
were, found themselves no match for
the madly fleeing farmer.

  In the dusk of the summer evening
it was like the chase of some fantom
less real than the distorted face of the
man had appeared.

  Into the- orchard led the race, to end
abruptly as Bowner plunged into a
tree his sightless eyes failed to see.

  Without a word he dropped. The..
180

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

next second, blowing and panting, the
two men were upon him. Stanley
started to drive the needle home and
withheld his hand.

  “ No need,” he panted. “We can
handle him without it. Get a rope! ”

  “ At the house,” snapped Naughton.
“ Use the needle, man; don’t take a
chance. He’s superhuman in his
strength.”

  “ He’s insensible. Get a rope. If
he comes round, I’ll quiet him.”

  Stanley dropped down upon the turf
and set the needle-point upon the bare
arm—to drive it home if the man
moved.

  On the run, Naughton turned and
raced for the house.

  Stanley never stirred save to allow
his free hand to creep along Bowner’s
wrist for the pulse.

  And what he felt, even before his
finger had pressed upon the throbbing
artery, but confirmed the leaping blood
in the swollen throat.

  Never had he felt such a pulse.

  Never had he looked upon such a
swollen and disfigured face. He
thought of ivy-poisoning first, though
the features were far more distorted
than any case he had ever seen.

  Yet he knew it was not ivy-poison-
ing in so far as the conditions had af-
fected the man’s actions.

  Until now he had had no idea who
the man was. But as he studied what
little was left of human semblance
about the face he began to suspect.
The man lay passive, hardly breathing,
the leaping blood in his neck alone tell-
ing that he lived.

  Stanley took the chance to search
his pockets, and there he found the
letters Bowner had obtained at the
post-office but a brief half-hour be-
fore.

  His bewilderment increased.

  Placid to the point of stolidness,
Hank Bowner had been supreme
among the villagers. What could
have brought such an attack? What
account for the horrible bloating of
his features?

  Naughton came racing with the "rope
and the heavy cords were made secure
about the man’s ankles.

  “ Not his hands,” warned Stanley.
“ Those wrists are swelling. Pick him
up.”

  With Bowner between them, they
started for the house. Again and
again they were forced to put him
down as he slipped from their gripping
fingers.

  “ Come,” Naughton interposed at
last, “ put him on my back. It will be
easier.”

  He knelt down and Stanley, drag-
ging the body to an upright position,
laid it across his friend’s shoulders.
In that way the balance of the journey
was accomplished and the senseless
man finally laid upon the couch in
Stanley’s office.

  Naughton straightened and shook
the cramp out of his shoulders.

  “ What is it, Ed ? What in Heav-
en’s name would change a man like
that and drive him wild? Look,” and
there was repulsive terror in the voice
as much as he strove to keep against
it, “did you ever see such a face?
Man, it’s not human! It’s simply one
mass, one horrible, bloated, broken,
and blistered mass of flesh. The fea-
tures are gone.”

  The lawyer’s voice rose tense,
strained, unreal.

  Stanley, down on his knees beside
the couch, only shook his head. He
had forced medicine between the swol-
len lips, and after several attempts
succeeded in working the swollen
throat until it was swallowed.

  With fingers on pulse he waited.
Naughton, as fascinated as he was by
the very horror in the sight, turned
away, sick in the pit of his stomach.

  Stanley felt the same horror. Never
had he had such a case, but his train-
ing saved him from giving any out-
ward sign.

  Pounding and thumping, as if no
heart, no matter how strong, could
stand the strain, the pulse leaped and
throbbed.
AN ANCIENT GRUDGE.

181

  Suddenly he fancied he caught a
slight relief, only noticeable to his
delicate fingers. He straightened and
turned to Naughton, who was stand-
ing in the doorway looking out upon
the wrecked living-room.

  “ I can’t make it out, Sam,” he
whispered. “ But you’d better tele-
phone. Get the Franklin farm—it’s
next to Bowner’s place—and ask them
to—”

  A cry like the shriek of a wounded
moose rent the air.

  Both men swung.

  In one terrible convulsion Bowner
had snapped the cords about his an-
kles. Before either man could make
the fraction of a move he was on his
feet.

  His lunge carried him straight for
the office door. He swept both men
aside and went headlong into the liv-
ing-room and lay perfectly still.

  Stanley reached him first and turned
him over.

  “ Telephone,” he said, and his voice
shook. “ Telephone the Franklin farm
and let them get word to Mrs. Bowner.
Caution them. Don’t let them tell her
that he is dead.”

  “ Dead ? ” whispered Naughton.

  Stanley nodded and straightened.

  And then he swung. Wild shouts
were borne to their ears. With start-
led question they faced each other.

  Was it coming again? Another in-
human thing.

  The clamor grew, and suddenly, to
their untold relief, they caught ra-
tional words.

  “ What’s wrong? What’s the mat-
ter there ? ” called the doctor, reach-
ing the porch.

  As the excited group came in
through the gate he made out the rap-
idly flung questions.

  “ Yes,” he answered as they halted
in a body, “ Bowner got here; he is
here. Tell me what happened to
him.”

  Before the crowd could make reply
the sharp ring of the telephone turned
the physician toward the hall.

  With an unsteady hand the doctor1
picked up the receiver.

  “Yes — this is Dr. Stanley,” he
agreed, striving to hold his voice even.

  “ Doctor—doctor,” wailed a wom-
an’s voice. “ Come, come quick. Jim’s
sick—it’s terrible! Come! ”

  A quiver ran up Stanley’s spine.
As used as he was to alarming calls,
he noted a terror in this summons
which could hardly be accounted for
by mere anxiety.

  “Yes, Mrs. Morris; yes,” he as-
sured. “Just tell me, so I’ll know
what to "bring, what are the symp-
toms ? ”

  “ Oh, he’s terrible,” came the moan.
“ His face is all swollen, and he can’t
talk. He acts just as if he was crazy.
It’s just now—he just came home. He
won’t know me, he won’t speak.
He—”

  A crash, a woman’s shriek, a dull
thud, as if something heavy had gone
down, came over the. wire to the
strained ears of the physician.

CHAPTER IV.

AT THE MORRIS FARM.

  Into the dusk of the summer night
drove Dr. Stanley.

  Naughton he had left in charge of
Bowner’s body with strict orders to
allow no one to come into the room.

  " I don’t like to do it, Sam,” he had
said, as he hesitated a moment on the
porch steps. “ I don’t believe it’s con-
tagious, but I don’t know. I don’t
know what it is,” he ended hopelessly.;

  “ Go on, go on,” urged Naughton
sharply, his nerves still a trifle un-
steady. “If Jim Morris is like him,”
with a nod toward the office, “ you are
needed. Thank Heaven your wife is
away for a few days.”

  Stanley swung into his buggy.

  Then the hesitating crowd which
had followed upon Bowner’s wild
flight pressed forward.

  “ What’s happened to Hank, doc-*
tor ? ” demanded one.
182

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ He—he is dead,” answered the
physician slowly. “ I can do nothing
for him and I have another call. I’ve
got to get away.”

  “Another!”

  As a body the pressing men gave
back. Fear, horror, question flooded
their faces.

  “ What is it? ” came the sudden cry
from Bill Hanson. “ Another like
Hank—and he’s dead.”

  Stanley leaned down.

  “ Hanson, you’ll have to see Mrs.
Bowner. I don’t know how long I’ll
be gone. I don’t know whether this
call is like Bowner’s or not, but—here,
come with me. I’ll talk with you on
the way.

  “ The rest of you better go home.
Don’t say anything about this matter,
men. It won’t do any good, it can’t
help, and it may do harm. We mustn’t
let the folks get excited,” and the
doctor gathered up his lines.

  As he went whirling over the rutted
road toward the village he plied Han-
son with question upon question.

  The information he was able to ob-
tain only left him more than ever in
a quandary.

  The suddenness of the attack which
had ended so swiftly in Bowner’s
death gave him no inkling of the
nature of the illrtess.

  He had not seen the farmer for
some time, but Bill Hanson was posi-
tive that his late neighbor had been
in the best of health.

  “ He ain’t acted queer nor nothing,
doctor,” assured Hanson, his voice low
and sober. “ It come all of a sudden
right out’er a clear sky. He and me
was in thar getting our mail, and he
walks out ahead of me. When I comes
out thar he was in the middle of the
road acting like I told you. What be
it, what ailed him, Dr. Stanley? ”

  The question was put with a pitiful
appeal that was strangely childlike. To
the farmer—as to Stanley—there was
something more than terrible in this
sudden death and the ghastly, unnat-
ural distortion of Bowner’s features.

The horror of it rankled in the minds
of both men with an appalling clear-
ness, nerve shaking, blood chilling.

  “ I can’t tell you what caused Bow-
ner’s death, Hanson,” the doctor an-
swered finally. “ I have had no time
to examine into the case and I admit
it seemed to be out of the ordinary.
You go to Mrs. Bowner.

  “ Here,” stopping suddenly, “ get
down. I’m going up the hill road. Tell
her that her husband is ill at my house.
It will be best to put it that way. Don’t
let her go to him, tell her to wait until
I get back. A sight of that face would
send her into hysterics, as placid a
woman as she is. I’ll leave it to you.
Do your best in the case.”

  The doctor touched his mare with
the whip.

  He had driven rapidly to this point,
but now he sent his horse along at even
a faster pace.

  Uppermost in his mind was the
question of what he would meet with
at the Morris farm. He had tried to
get the connection after it was broken
so abruptly with that shriek and crash,
but, failing, he spent little time over
the attempt. If what he feared was
true he only thought of the need for
his presence, and so drove with all
possible speed.

  Many a race he had had with death,
but this race seemed different, for his
mind pictured a scene ahead filled with
horror enough for a man, doubly
more terrible if a woman was facing
it alone.

  Before him loomed the mountains
and his eyes focused themselves upon
a narrow valley at the base where the
Morris farm lay.

  What was he to find there? What
perhaps had already happened?

  Down a crossroad he swung his
mare, taking the corner with a slue
that nearly turned the light carriage
over.

  “ Come on—come on,” he urged,
and the animal with head high, feel-
ing perhaps the anxiety of her driver,
quickened her pace.
rAN ANCIENT GRUDGE.

• ■ \

183

  Past one farmhouse after another
he flashed, and at each he peered in-
tently as if fearful that this horror
which had come upon the quiet village
with such suddenness might already
be visited in more than one place.

  This fear took a more sudden and
definite form as a wild cry was borne
to his ears. He slackened his mare’s
strides just the least and strained his
ears.

  Then he heard the shout again, and
over a rising field he made out two
figures.

  In the dusk they were hardly discern-
ible save as they breasted the rise.

  One came up against the sky, ran
along the high ground for a moment,
and after this flying creature raced a
second.

  The doctor brought his sweating
animal to a walk and stood up.

  He saw the first of the two men go
down over the hill and the second turn
after him. Then both were lost in the
darkness.

  Quickly he sent the mare along and
drew rein again at a turn in the road.
There he stopped. Momentarily he
thought it strange for him to do so
when there was such urgent need for
him on ahead.

  But something in the attitude of that
first racing figure awoke fear in his
heart. He thought that here might be
the object of his summons as he re-
called the madness of Bowner’s blind
flight.

  As he drew up he had heard a call.
The next second there came a crash-
ing sound. Out from the bush, beat-
ing, leaping, wildly flying—as if blind
to his surroundings—plunged a boy.

  The doctor pulled his mare back,
swung, and, when he saw that he
could not get out of the way, leaped
for the ground, clearing the buggy-
wheel.

  With a crash the flying figure
plunged head down into the wheel and
there came the snap of wood.

  Without a sound the boy went down
a limp heap in the road.

  Stanley was beside him. It was an-
other, as horrible, as bloated, as dis-
torted in face as had been Bowner.
And like Bowner, the need of a physi-
cian was past.

  Out of the woods came a second
figure.

  “ Cutler,” snapped the doctor, his
voice sharp, “ I can do nothing—noth-
ing. It’s inhuman to leave you, but
'up the road, at the Morris farm,
there’s another case like this. I’ve got
to go. I’ve had one. Your boy is the
second. I’ve got to get on.”

  He was back in his seat and had
seized up the reins.

  “ But, doctor—doctor. What’s the
matter? Ed ain’t dead. He can’t be:! ”

  “ I’ll be back. I’ll stop at the
house,” shouted Stanley, and his whip
came down across die mare’s flank with
a suddenness that sent the animal into
the collar with one wild plunge.

  Again the whip fell and the horse
broke into a run, sending the light
buggy swaying and pitching from one
side to the other of the rutted road.

  What his thoughts were Stanley
hardly knew. His mind was racked
with horror. Yet he strove for some
explanation, out of his experiences,
which would guide him in deciding
how he could possibly stay the disease
which had come upon the village with
such startling swiftness.

  He took the last turn on two wheels
and drew the snorting animal to its
haunches in the doorway of the Mor-
ris farm.

  As he cleared the wheel and started
on the run for the house die side-door
flew open and a white-faced woman
came rushing to meet him.

  “Doctor — doctor, I thought you
would never come. Jim—Jim—”

  Her overwrought nerves gave way
as she pitched forward.

  Stanley caught her, spoke sharply to
bring her to herself, and when he got
no response save a low, pitiful moan,
picked her up in his arms.

  On the run he carried her into the
house and laid her on the couch.
184

ALL-STORY, WEEKLY.

  “ Mrs. Morris,” he urged, “ listen.
I am here and it is all right. Where’s
Jim?”

  He shook a powder into a glass and
put it to the woman’s lips.

  There was no question that she had
gone through a terrifying experience.

  She was shaking like a leaf, and
great tears ran down her thin cheeks
unheeded. To the doctor, though he
had not seen her for some time, it ap-
peared that her hair had whitened per-
ceptibly.

  “ Please,” he urged, “ it is all right.
Just tell me what happened. Where’s
Jim?”

  She swallowed hard, tried to steady
herself, and burst into tears. At last,
with precious moments passing, Stan-
ley succeeded in calming her slightly.

  “ He come home,” she moaned,
“ and walked in. He acted funny.
His face was all swollen and he didn't
seem to know what—what he was
doing. Then he got worse and he—•
he—”

  A stumbling crash at the door broke
the woman’s halting tale. With one
wild shriek she flung herself upon.
Stanley.

  Down the narrow hall came shuf-
fling, stumbling footsteps.

  The next second the sitting-room
door flew open.

  Upon the threshold stood a young
fellow. His face was bloated. His
eyes half closed—his mouth a swollen
caricature of itself.

  Peering, blinking, he looked about
him. Slowly he raised the shotgun
he carried in his hands.

CHAPTER V.

ANOTHER CALL.

  As fast as Bill Hanson and Dr.
Stanley had driven down the road the
news of what had befallen Hank
Bowner sped before.

  Hanson met Mrs. Bowner as he
plodded across the fields, following
the short cut to the farm.

  When the woman made him out in
the dusk she came racing forward
with a glad cry. But all the relief van-
ished from her voice the instant that
she saw that it was not her husband
who plodded toward her.

  “ Bill, what is it—what’s happened
to Hank?” begged the wife, seizing
her neighbor by the arm.

  Hanson, utterly inadequate to the
situation, attempted subterfuge and
failed. Quick questions, a look at the
man’s frightened face, and Mrs. Bow-
ner guessed the awful truth.

  “Where is he — where’s Hank?”
she cried.

  “ He—he— Dr. Stanley says fer
you—”

  But she did not wait for the halting
words. Taking it for granted that
her husband was at the doctor’s—with
the mention of Stanley’s name—she
went racing across the field, leaving
Hanson no choice but to follow her.

  Along the road and through the vil-
lage they went, walking wildly, the
woman pouring forth question upon
question as best her spent breath
would permit.

  Before the post - office a group of
excited villagers were gathered. Their
voices dropped to a sudden hush as the
white-faced, bareheaded woman came
up the road.

  “Is he here?” she cried, hardly
pausing.

  Some one came running to her as
an inaudible answer was made. The
woman threw her anus about Mrs.
Bowner’s neck.

  “ It’s awful, Mary. I didn’t see
him, but Tom says he was terrible.”

  Mrs. Bowner threw aside the re-
straining hands and turned. Then
Davis, the postmaster, mustered his
courage and interposed.

  In the end he succeeded in per-
suading Mrs. Bowner to go in to his
wife while he agreed to hurry to the
doctor’s house for news concerning
the afflicted ones.

  With head down, realizing how
futile — save to gain time — was his
AN ANCIENT GRUDGE.

185

mission, Davis started for the physi-
cian’s cottage.

  As he stepped in through the shat-
tered French window he heard
Naughton at the telephone.

  The call had just come, and the law-
yer, fearing he hardly knew what, had
sprung to answer.

  When he recognized Grace Marker’s
voice it seemed as if every ounce of
blood left his heart.

  “ Dr. Stanley — I want Dr. Stan-
ley,” she begged.

  “ It’s Sam—Sam Naughton—Miss
Marker. Is there something I can
do?”

  “ Isn’t Dr. Stanley there ? My
grandfather is ill. Ask Dr. Stanley
to come at once.”

  “ Mr. Marker ill? ”

  It hardly seemed to Naughton that
he could speak. Then he got a grip
on himself.

  “ Stanley is out. What is it? Is
your grandfather poisoned? Is his
face swollen, disfigured, bloated ? Has
he lost all control of himself ? ”

  “ What do you mean ? ”

  He felt that he had made a mistake.
“ I’ll get Stanley. He’s been called
on a sudden case but I’ll get him.”

  “ Why did you ask those questions ?
What did you mean ? ”

  “ I—I wanted to know the symptoms
—how your grandfather was—so I
could tell Stanley. That—that was
all.”

  “ You spoke of poison. Why did
you ask if grandfather was poisoned?
You said something about his face.
What did you mean ? ”

  There was insistence in her tone. He
realized that he must satisfy her.

  “ There have been two bad cases of
poisoning or something of the kind. I
wanted to know if Mr. Marker was
suffering in the same way.”

  A pause followed so long that Naugh-
ton grew uneasy. At last he spoke and
her answer came hesitatingly.

  “ Tell me just what you mean. Who
has been poisoned? How did it hap-
pen? Tell me everything.”

  “ A farmer, by the name of Bowner,
and young Jim Morris.”

  “ Jim Morris ? ”

  “ Yes,” admitted Naughton, sud-
denly recalling that he had met Grace
and young Morris driving a number of
times.

  “ Tell me—tell me everything,” she
begged.

  There seemed no way out of it and
so he gave her the facts, but made the
tale less horrible than it was in truth.
He felt that the girl on the other end
of the wire hung upon his words with
a tenseness that was virtually trans-
mitted to him in her silence.

   “ I’ll get Stanley,” he ended.

  “ There is no need. Don’t.”

  The sharp return of the receiver to
the hook broke the connection.

  He was startled at the abruptness of
her act. He turned at a sound in the
next room.

  “ Mrs. Bowner is down to the post-
office, Mr. Naughton,” explained Davis,
looking his helplessness.

  Naughton hung up the receiver with
a frown.

  “ And she wants to know about her
husband. Of course. I’ll—I’ll see her.
You stay here. Bowner is in there and
the door is locked. Some one has got
to stay, and I’ve got to get hold of
Stanley.”

  “ Another ? Another one ? ” came
the horrified question.

  Davis’s mouth went agape. His
eyes grew big. He looked like a man
about to have a stroke.

  “ I don’t know,” flung Naughton,
and leaving the postmaster no choice
but to obey or desert he raced for the
stable.

  Seizing up a saddle he flung it onto
the doctor’s second horse and swung
upon the animal’s back.

   At the post-office he paused just long
enough for a word with Mrs. Bowner
and persuaded her to wait where she
was until Stanley’s return.

  Then he was away, riding low, urg-
ing his galloping horse to its best speed.

  One thing was impressed upon his
186

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

brain with startling vividness. There
had been wild appeal in Grace Marker’s
voice as first she called for Stanley.
To Naughton there could be no ques-
tion but that her grandfather was ill,
even if it was not the same sickness as
had come to these others.

  Her insistent questions he did not
think strange. If Marker did suffer as
had Bowner then naturally the girl
would inquire so minutely. If her in-
terest was beyond the ordinary in
young Morris he felt he understood
even better.

  For what reason she should state that
there was no need for Stanley’s pres-
ence he failed to comprehend as he re-
fused to obey.

  One thing he did carry; a vivid pic-
ture of the girl he loved facing as ter-
rible a situation as he and Stanley had
just passed through. , It made his blood
run cold.

  Out into the night went the steam-
ing, galloping horse with Naughton
riding low and calling words of en-
couragement.

  As he neared the mountain he
straightened in his stirrups and peered
ahead. It was at this moment that
there came, flung back by the rising
hills, the dull roar of a shot from the
direction of the farmhouse.

  With a start Naughton let fall whip
on flank and the snorting animal threw
its head and leaped the faster.

  That the shot had come from the
house which was his destination he
never for a moment doubted. And his
imaging brain pictured even wilder
things than he and Stanley had just
gone through.

  Tugging frantically at the bridle he
turned his horse in at the farmyard
and in a flash flung himself to the
ground.

  There before him stood the doctor’s
still steaming mare. One glance he
shot at the animal and raced for the
house.

  From within came the sound of
wild battle. A woman shrieked.
Heavy blows fell. Again there came

the vibrating, thundering discharge of
a gun.

  Naughton tore the side door open
and dashed down the hall.

  “ Get back, get back. Get out, Mrs.
Morris; get out,” came Stanley’s
shout.

  Naughton flung the sitting-room
door wide. Wreaths of smoke filled
the room. The heavy odor of gun-
powder stung his nostrils, and through
the haze he failed to see distinctly
what had happened.

  Then a brighter flare sprang up and
a woman’s voice in mad terror broke
the moment of silence.

  “ I can’t put it out—I can’t put it
out,” she wailed.

 “ Ed—Ed,” shouted Naughton,
leaping into the room.

  Then he saw the doctor, astride a
thrashing, fighting man, and in the
quickening glare of the flaming cur-
tains, Mrs. Morris striving ineffectual-
ly to drown the blazing oil of the over-
turned lamp.

  “ Get her out,” shrieked Stanley.
“ My needle, over there—over there—
give it to me! ”

  Naughton seized the woman and
half flung, half carried her to the open
air.

  Dashing back he had the hypoder-
mic. Thrusting it into Stanley’s
hands he flung himself across the
thrashing legs.

  The needle went home like a shot.

  “ One second; wait; hold him,”
begged Stanley.

  Naughton looked at his friend.

  “ Those shots ? ” he panted.

  “ He had a gun. No, no one hit.
I may have one or two in my arm; it
stings.”

  “ Good Lord—another! ” breathed
Naughton, looking down.

  Stanley’s lips were grim as he set
his knee the harder and again drove
the needle deep.

  Simultaneously the two men glanced
at the licking flames.

  “ I’ve got him,” breathed the doc-
tor.
“NOTHING EVER HAPPENS.”

187

  Naughton let go his hold and leaped
for the curtains. He tore them down,
stamped them under foot, and took
one glance at the snapping wood-
work.

  With a wild dash he found the
kitchen and a pail of water. It was
utterly ineffectual.

  “ Get out,” he panted. “

It’s gone too far, Ed; I can do noth-
ing.”

  Stanley was on his feet with a cry
and a sign for the senseless young
man.

  They seized him up between them.

  Fighting their way through the
thickening smoke, they made for the
hall.

Get out.

(To be continued.)

appen^

Effie Ravenscroft

THE new home stood on the edge
of a canon and it was five stern
miles from the glittering city of
Los Angeles.

  A dozen years or so ago, this would
have meant almost primitive conditions.
But to-day it means electric lights and
hardwood floors and modern bath-
rooms and trim, lippia-covered lawns,
and about as many other comforts as
man should have for the good of his
body and the peace of his soul.

  And so, three thousand miles away
from home and friends, a continent’s
breadth from every familiar face save
one, Rose McCleary hummed happily
as she passed from room to room, ar-
ranging here and rearranging there,
every deft touch a caress. For the
craftsman bungalow was softly brown

and very beautiful and perfectly
equipped though not large; and the
roses that laughed in at the casement
windows would never cease to bloom.

  And all—all of this beautiful bit of
California—was Rose’s; and it was so
far superior to anything that she had
ever dreamed of having that homesick-
ness—that composite cry of the spirit,
the flesh and the devil—had not yet at-
tacked her.

  Prosperity and the doctor’s blunt
verdict, “ Get out in the open and
stay there or cash in, Jim,” had come
at one and the same time. So Jamie,
as he was known to Rose, and Rose had
hied themselves away to this land
which, tradition hath it, is as a City of
Refuge to the lame, the halt and the
blind, broadly speaking.
188

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Presently, Rose stopped to listen;
then she went softly to the door and
looked into the kitchen. Jamie was
lying back upon a pile of excelsior be-
side a packing-box, and it was evident
that he had fallen there under the stress
of some emotion. Seeing Rose in the
doorway, he extended toward her a
crumpled paper bag.

  “ Three nutmegs, Rose! ” he an-
nounced. “ Three nutmegs three thou-
sand miles? You aimed not to leave
anything behind, didn’t you, little
girl ? ”

  Rose chose to take his remark seri-
ously.

  “ Not a single thing, I believe! ” she
triumphantly declared. “ And consid-
ering that it was my first experience at
moving and that I did all the packing,
I think I’m a wonderful young woman.
Nothing missing and nothing broken
and clear across the continent, too! ”

  Jamie looked leisurely and in detail
at the debris surrounding him. Jamie
was not well and Jamie was tired and
Jamie was a man and not used to too
close contact with the sterner realities
of domesticity.

 “ You are a wonderful young
wroman, Rose,” he agreed. “ But after
many weary days I have about come to
the conclusion that the game isn’t worth
the candle. Bringing the household
stuff was a confounded expense and a
more confbunded trouble. And there-
fore we should have done as we were
advised—sold out and bought new stuff
here.”

  If Jamie were looking for excite-
ment—as a chuckle, quickly smothered,
indicated might be the case—he was
not disappointed. Rose flared up like
dynamite in contact with a fuse.

  “ To be sure we should,” she agreed.
“ And we might have got a cat here and
left Billy Whiskers behind. Bringing
him was a confounded expense and a
more confounded anxiety. We could
have got a pedigreed Angora, no doubt,
which would have been more in keeping
with our new estate. But would it
have been better or just as good or the

same thing at all? Now would it,
James Adair McCleary? Look at that
and then answer me!”

  She pointed into the living-room, to
the luminous-eyed creature that, purr-
ing blissfully before the glowing bricket
fire, seemed to give the touch that meant
“ home ”; and to the simple souls of
the_ McClearys “ home ” was synono-
mous with paradise.

  “ Would any other cat have been the
same to you as the one that was a
wretched, half-drowned, famished,
castaway kitten ? Would any other cat
look upon you as the beginning and end
of all things, as that one does ? ” Rose
concluded.

  Now this blow struck home, as she
knew it must. For Billy Whiskers was
Jamie’s own “ find ” and protege and
pupil, and was considered by the said
Jamie to be the most extraordinary
specimen of feline extant—which, per-
haps, he may have been. Who knows?

  “ No, Rose, it wouldn’t,” Jamie
gracefully acknowledged.

  “ Well, nothing that we have could
be replaced so far as I am concerned,”
Rose declared. “ Every single thing
represents a something that can never
be repeated.”

  Rose’s soft chin quivered; for she
was at last on the verge of realizing the
solemnity of those three thousand sepa-
rating miles.

  Jamie, alarmed, nodded understand-
ing^; for Jamie thoroughly understood
indeed. Rose was actuated by no spirit '
of petty miserliness. Her household
holdings were to her not inanimate
things but living entities, breathing of
dear memories. For Rose was the com-
posite expression of a staid English
father and a temperamental and beauti-
ful Irish mother who could see where
others were blind and had believed to
her dying day in “ the little people.”

  The next morning Jamie sauntered
in from a delightful two-hours’ feed-
ing of the quails from the arroyo to find
that the expected had happened. Rose
was a picture of desolation.
“NOTHING EVER HAPPENS.”

189

  “Jamie, we left the mottoes!” she
exclaimed tearfully. “ They’re abso-
lutely not here! I’ve been through
everything.”

  “The mottoes ? What mottoes ?
What are mottoes, anyway?” Jamie
remarked, somewhat dazed by this sud-
den transition from California sun-
shine to Cimmerian gloom.

  Rose looked at him in amazed re-
proach.

  “The three mottoes that hung right
at the dining-room door,” she replied.
“ I can’t imagine how I happened to
leave them! ”

  Jamie meditated for a moment.

  “ For the life of me I can’t remem-
ber those mottoes, Rose,” he confessed.
“ Were they very valuable? ”

  “ As you value things—no,” Rose re-
plied. “ Nothing that we had back
there was very valuable. I bought them
at a sale for ten cents apiece. But I
bought them when ten cents meant
more to us than a hundred dollars
means now and when every little touch
that I could manage meant doing away
with the bare look.

  “ And I looked at them every day for
years and they cheered me through
many a blue moment; and they exactly
expressed my views.of life as I myself
couldn’t possibly express them. And
I’m going to have them back. I’m go-
ing to write for them this very after-
noon. No, I won’t write, either; I’ll
telegraph.”

  Jamie groaned.

  “ Three ten-cent mottoes three thou-
sand miles away! Don’t do it, Rosie! ”
he implored. “ It would look so fool-
ish, you know! Besides, this is No-
vember the eighth and we’ve been here
more than a month and your mottoes
have gone past recovery long ago. You
can bet our little old house hasn’t been
locked up since we left. Old Tom Ross
hasn’t got enough get-up to lock up
anything.

  “ The first tramp that ambled by
there and tried the door got your mot-
toes, dear little girl, and exchanged ’em
at the first saloon for something of

more practical value to him. But don’t
you worry! You just describe ’em to
me and I’ll take the next car and bring
you back three that’ll be just the same.”
“ £ Just the same ’—will you hear
him! ” Rose exclaimed, aghast. “ One
was ‘ The Simple Life,’ in script under
a cluster of clover blossoms; and an-
other was ‘ Progress ” and the script
was under a bunch of Black-Eyed
Susans; and the third ”—and here Rose
clasped her hands—“ showed a dear
little cottage with a big tree on a coun-
try road, and it was called * the House
by the Side of the Road.’ And don't
you dare to bring those mottoes into
this bungalow, James McCleary!”
Jamie had a brilliant idea—one that
he knew would appeal to the mystical
side of Irish Rose.

  “ I’ll tell you what, Rose,” he com-
menced, “ you brought the valueless
nutmegs and left the valuable—to you
—mottoes, didn’t you ? Out of all our
possessions, large and small, those mot-
toes are the only missing things. Well,
‘ nothing ever happens,’ my dear. You
take it from your Jamie, there was some
mighty good reason for your leaving
those mottoes when you brought even
the nutmegs.”

  A quick breath from Rose and a sud-
den dilating of her pupils told him that
he had made an impression. But she
looked at him suspiciously and then
shook her head.

  “ Nevertheless,” she said. “ I’m go-
ing to telegraph for them. Not this
afternoon, though. I’m too busy. To-
morrow.”

  But on the morrow Rose came down-
stairs with a strange expression in her
luminous eyes.

  “ Jamie,” she faltered, “ like Joseph
I have dreamed a dream. In it I saw
a young woman. I saw her as plainly
as I see you, James. I should know her
anywhere. She was beautiful and oh,
so beautifully dressed! But her face
looked hard, Jamie, as if she were in
some awful trouble; and somehow I
got the impression that it wasn’t her
real face that I saw but a mask.
190

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ And Jamie, she was going down
the road towards our little old house!
And I saw a flash of lightning in a mist ;
and she looked up at the sky and began
to hurry. And she ran down to our
gate and up to the house; and I saw her
try the door and it opened, Jamie. It
was unlocked, just as you said. And
she went inside.

  “And then for a while there was just
a mist and nothing at all in it; but it
was heavy as if it were disturbed by a
storm. But after a while it cleared and
the woman came out of the house with
something in her hand. And she stood
on the porch and looked all round.
Then she went down and touched the
late blossoms on the bush that grew
by' the gate.

  “ And then she raised her face and
looked up at the sky and seemed to be
saying something—a prayer, it seemed.
And all the hardness was gone out of
her face and it was—oh.—so tender
and beautiful, Jamie! It looked like—
well, like I imagine it would look if she
had seen a vision.

  “ She went out the gate and turned
to latch it; and it was hard to latch and
took both hands, as—as it always did,
you remember. And she laid on the
post what she had in her hand, while she
fixed the gate. And I saw it quite
plainly; it was ‘ the House by the
Side of the Road ’—one of the mot-
toes we forgot.

  “ And when she had fixed the gate,
she stood looking at the house and gar-
den, and with such a smile! Then she
picked up my motto as if it were some-
thing that she must be very careful of;
and she went down the road as if she
were going to do something important
and was in a great hurry. And then—
well, I wakened, Jamie, and heard you
talking to Billy Whiskers.”

  She stopped and looked at him plead-
ingly; and again Jamie understood his
Irish Rose.

  “ I’m going out,” he announced, “ to
telegraph. Have breakfast ready when
I come back.”

  The next afternoon, Jamie answered

an imperative ring and received a com-
munication from “ old Tom Ross.”

    Am sending two mottoes by parcel-
  post. Third one gone off hook. Found
  handkerchief on floor. Sending it,
  too. Seems valuable. Good luck, old
  scout!

  “ I was right,” Jamie said quietly.
“ Nothing ever happens.”

  “ You were right,” Rose agreed
softly.

  And then they sat and looked into
the fire and said nothing.

  Back in Rose McCleary’s home city,
three thousand miles away across the
continent, another woman had sat and
looked into a fire and said nothing.

  She, too, was a Rose, strange to say
—a beautiful, hot-house Rose, slender
and patrician, white - skinned, blue-
veined, and of generations of the idle-
born. But this one was known as Rosa-
mond, as she and her mother and her
mother’s mother had been christened;
and somehow not even her most inti-
mate friends would have thought of
calling her otherwise.

  Only Bob Tarkington had ever
looked upon her as “ Rose.” He had
called her that during their brief en-
gagement and for a few months after
their marriage. Then he had for-
sworn the habit; and if Rosamond had
been cognizant of the happening she
had made no sign to that effect.

  Doubtless, Rosamond Tarkington
would have been surprised had she ever
caught herself thinking of herself as
“Rose”; for Mrs. Tarkington had
strange moments of perplexity when
she acknowledged that she and herself
were really not on intimate terms.

  She stared into the fire and then
fi owned into the fire. And then she
swept from a table at her elbow a cal-
endar in a gold frame of wonderful fili-
gree and stared and frowned into that.

  “ November the eighth! ” she mur-
mured. “ And I’ve not heard from
Bob since the first, and then only a line
—as usual. I should be anxious if I
cared. But I do not care. And it is
“NOTHING EVER HAPPENS.”

191

good not to care. One is free then, and
young—and—happy. I cared for a
whole year; but for these three years
I have not cared. Sometimes I wonder
what has happened—I wonder but
never know I ”

  She did not turn her head at a knock
on the door; and with equal indiffer-
ence she took from the maid’s tray the
proffered envelope with the special de-
livery stamp, and quietly dismissed her.

  “ From Bob,” she said, and opened
it, still with that lack of interest that
among her acquaintances passed for
poise, but which Rosamond knew by
its correct name.

  A minute later she suddenly threw
out both hands in an apparent effort to
push something back, and with eyes
black with fear and horror crouched
further and further back into her chair.

  Presently she laughed. No, she did
not exactly laugh, either. Rather she
emitted a sound that started as a laugh
and ended in a scream, quickly stifled.
She staggered up from the chair that
had declined to receive her further into
its enshrouding depths, swayed for a
second or two and, triumphantly re-
gaining her equilibrium, swept across
the room, pushed aside the door’s costly
draperies and stood before the pier-
glass in her dressing-room.

  The image of highly cultivated
beauty therein reflected she surveyed
with a smile that began and ended on
her white lips. Then she swept it a
mocking salute.

  “ Behold Rosamond Tarkington—•
pauper and wife of a convict and com-
mon thief! ” she said. “ Impressive, is
she not ? Doesn’t look the part at all! ”
With that scorching, all-seeing
glance, she swept the priceless equip-
ment of that room, of the bath, of the
other room beyond.

  “ Gone! ” she said with awful calm.
“ All gone, he says! His money, my
money, the—ah, God!—the money that
he held in trust. Squandered, wasted
by Robert Tarkington! And Bob
Tarkington is therefore just a common
thief on a big scale.”

  She dropped her face into her hands,
but it was only a moment before she
raised it again; even so, it looked al-
most normal, for Rosamond’s long
training served her in good stead even
now. Then she rang for her maid.

  “ My car in half an hour,” she said.
“ I shall not need you, Lucille.”

  Alone, she consigned the letter to the
flames and with burning eyes watched
its swift consumption.

  “ He’ll be here at two,” she reflected,
“ and I—well, I shall be out. Why
should I ‘ talk it over ’ with him ?
What is there to say? Certainly he
would not care to hear what I might
say! To-day, only he and I know, he
says. In a few days more the whole
world will know—through the merci-
ful agency of the press, he suggests.

  “ I wonder why he is coming home at
all! Coming home has long ceased to
be a habit with him. Did he dream that
I could save him—or that I would—if
I could? I shall let the law take its
course and then divorce him.

  “ That is what the world will expect
me to do; and have not I and mine,
always met the expectations of the
world? If I cared, it might be differ-
ent. I would forgive him and give an
exhibition of touching fidelity through
an erring husband’s long prison term.
But I do not care! Why should I ? ”
An hour later, Rosamond’s chauf-
feur, speeding toward the park under
orders, suddenly brought the car to a
halt at summons from its interior.

. “ Drop me at the next comer, Mau-
rice,” said Mrs. Tarkington, “ and
then take the car home.”

  Alone on the designated corner,
Rosamond watched Maurice until he
was but a spot in the distance. Then
she boarded the next car, after assur-
ing herself by its sign that it was bound
for Elk Grove.

  From the whirling chaos of her mind
she had abstracted one fact: it was
necessary for her to think. But how
was she, who had never had to think on
unpleasant things, to think now? Ah,
she had it!
192

ALL-STORY WEEKLY,.

  Once, as a child, she had for a very
short period owned an odd and practi-
cal creature for a nurse. And this prac-
tical creature could think for herself
and had strange views of life; and she
had sometimes—for the good of Rosa-
mond’s soul, she had told the child—
put her charge into that vehicle of the
people, the street-car, and so trans-
ported her out into the country.

  And on that long, silent ride amid a
crowd of silent people, and afterward
in the quiet cottage of the nurse’s busy
relatives, Rosamond had made first ac-
quaintance with the process known as
thinking; and so she had found that
attached to her there seemed to be an-
other mysterious creature who would
have liked things startlingly different
from the things Rosamond liked and
would have got infinitely more out of
life.

  Rosamond’s car swept noisily on, out
into a section of the city’s outskirts
that was to Rosamond but a faint mem-
ory, for no fit automobile roads were
these. And presently—after what in-
terval she did not know until later—she
saw a road.

  Because the road was quiet and still,
green and houseless apparently, and
peaceful, and in all things a contrast to
herself, Rosamond signaled the conduc-
tor and made her exit from the car.

  Down the road she started, her hands
tightly clenched, trying to think and not
thinking, trying to comprehend and not
comprehending, praying unconsciously
for the ability to break a nightmare.

  Why had Bob wanted to come to her
at all? Some men would have killed
themselves and so done the decent
thing. Even justice would deal gently
with the dead. But Bob Tarkington
hadn’t even that sort of cowardly great-
ness in him. Bob hadn’t anything in
him that she had supposed was there—
she had known that for years.

  A spattering of rain—and Mrs.
Tarkington came suddenly to a realiza-
tion of her surroundings. She glanced
wildly down at her raiment and then
wildly round. Down the road at some

distance one lonely roof spoke of pos-
sible shelter.

  A few minutes later she arrived,
panting, in front of the house, to find,
by a sprouted hedge and a “ for rent ”
sign, that it was empty. The gate
opened in answer to frantic efforts that
split her gloves, and she fled to the
shelter of a too-open porch.

  At a vivid and unseasonable flash of
lightning, she shrank against the door,
involuntarily putting her hand upon the
knob.

  To her amazement it unprotestingly
turned. Now Rosamond Tarkington
was desperately afraid of empty houses
on lonely roads and she was desperately
afraid of death and she was desperately
afraid of storms as possible instru-
ments of death. But of these evils the
first was the least; so she pushed the
door softly open and passed within.

  When she had passed within and
closed the door, and so shut out the
world, a strange thing befell her. Her
terror of what was without and what
might be within suddenly vanished.

  She felt a peace, a security—as if, in
this lonely and shabby little house by
the side of the road, she had found not
temporary shelter but sanctuary and
journey’s end. In the dusk—with a
hand before her but marvelously un-
afraid — she went surely down a brief
hall into a room beyond. Pausing a
second to get her bearings, she groped
toward a window, opened it easily,
pushed ajar one of the outside shut-
ters, and then reclosed the window
against the storm.

  Curiously she looked about her. At
first there was seemingly nothing to see
save emptiness, the dreariness of dust
where obviously dust had rarely been,
bespeaking a careful presence gone.
But presently a smile glimmered
through the white tragedy of Rosa-
mond’s face.

  “ Why, the poor soul left something
behind—a treasure, doubtless! ” she
exclaimed; and she crossed the room to
where three mottoes, rimmed in wood-
green, hung upon the door-frame.
“NOTHING EVER HAPPENS.”

193

/

 There were three mottos there, but
 Rosamond Tarkington never knew it.

 Idly and with the half-contemptuous
 smile lingering, she commenced to read,
 suddenly caught her breath and stepped
 back, as if smitten by an unseen hand.

 Why should I sit in the scorner’s seat,
     Or hurl the cynic’s ban?

 “Why? Why, indeed, Rosamond
 Tarkington? ”

 With a sobbing breath and dilated
 eyes, she leaned again to “ the writing
 on the wall.”

 “ Why, Bob! Bob, listen! ” she ex-
 claimed, wonderingly. And in a voice
 that would have struck Bob Tarking-
 ton as the voice of a lost ideal, she read:

 “ Let me live in my house by the side
     of the road,

     Where the race of men go by—

 They are good, they are bad, they are
     weak, they are strong,

     Wise, foolish—so am I.

 Then why should I sit in the scorner’s
     seat,

     Or hurl the cynic’s ban?

 Let me live in my house by the side
     of the road
     And- be a friend to man.”

 “ * They are good, they are bad, they
 are weak, they are strong, wise, foolish
 >—so am I,’ ” she repeated; and again:
 “ So am I, Bob.”

 I see from my house by the side of
     the road,

     By the side of the highway of life,

 The men who press with the ardor of
     hope,

     The men who are faint with strife;

 But I turn not away from their smiles
     nor their tears—

     Both parts of an infinite plan—

 Let me live in my house by the side of
     the road
     And be a friend to man.

 Oh, Rose McCleary, could you but
 have seen!

 But we forget—you did see, Rose,
 though you were three thousand miles
 away!

 Rosamond Tarkington lifted in that
 humble house a transfigured face and

    13	S

in the silence stretched out pleading
hands.

  “ Why, Bob! ” she exclaimed, and
her voice rang unfalteringly. “ That’s
it! You and I and a little house by the
side of a road!

  “ You came back after the years and
thought you married the little girl you
remembered — the one you alone had
called ‘ Rose.’ And I thought I mar-
ried the shy boy that the little girl had
loved. And we both were seeking the
one thing that had ‘ rung true.’

  “ But you never found the little girl
in your wife, Bob, and I didn’t find the
boy in you. Rose could have found
him, perhaps, but Rose was not there.
The whirl and the pace and the false-
ness had done their work, Bob, as—I
know it now—they always must. And
because I was disappointed, Bob, I sat
in ‘ the scomer’s seat5 and hurled * the
cynic’s ban ’ at your weaknesses and
shortcomings—I who am as weak and
as foolish as you!

  “ And you increased your pace until
you quite lost your bearings, I guess,
under the goad; because you have cared
all along, Bob. I am seeing now. And
now—now—”

  Her clenched hands completed the
ruin of her gloves.

  “ But hold tight, Bobby! Rosamond
called you a thief and said she didn’t
care and she believed it all. But the
little girl is coming as fast as she can!
f But I turn not away from their smiles
nor their tears,’ ” she concluded in an
agonized whisper.

  Gently she lifted the other Rose’s
ten-cent motto from its fastening and
clasped it tightly to her breast, quite
heedless of possible damage to the rai-
ment that a few minutes before had
been one of the concerns of her life.

  Her glance did not inquire as to the
state of the weather when she once
more stood without. For the Rosa-
mond of that moment had no memory
of a storm. Her eyes bestowed a bene-
diction upon the departed Rose’s house,
her garden, and lingered long upon the
bush by the gate. Bending, she laid
194

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

reverent, caressing fingers upon its
friendly yellow blossoms.

  “ Little bush and little house,” she
whispered, “ I wish that you might be
Bob’s and mine. But we must go far
away and so that cannot be. But I
pray that in some way the soul who left
her peace and her message with you
and showed me the road that she has
found good, may know—may know—”

  She choked, and started on in fren-
zied haste.

  Only after she had sat what seemed
hours to her in a car which certainly
crawled did she realize how far she had
ridden.

  “ The little girl is coming, Bob—not
the scorner but the little girl! Heaven
send me a taxi! ” was her mental cry
as her eyes searched the road.

  After an eternity, the car did come
upon a taxi, empty and moving lei-
surely cityward. She signaled it from
the window and at the next stopping-
plaae. alighted.

  “ Risk the limit! ” she managed to
articulate; and she put into the chauf-
feur’s willing hand a bill at which she
had not looked; subconsciously, she
knew that it must be large enough to
buy exceptional service, for all the
money she had with her was of large
denomination.

  The driver looked at it, though, and
instantly ceased to speculate about sev-
eral things, among them the nature of
the article she gripped so tightly and
her reason for wearing upon her hands
what appeared to be rags.

  Rosamond let herself into the house
silently, passed blindly a bewildered
butler in the lower hall and a maid in
the upper one, and finally entered again
the domain of that morning. Just as
she seemed to know all else, she knew
she would find him there.

  He started to his feet at the very
slight sound of her entrance, turning to
the door the face of a hunted, driven
creature; simultaneously, one hand
went to his hip pocket.

  Rosamond saw, without seeing, both
the face and the gesture. He stared un-

believingly at her, swayed for a mo-
ment, and then collapsed into a chair,
as does the prisoner who, expecting
condemnation, reads in the faces of the
jury the verdict “ not guilty.”

  With the gesture of a mother shield-
ing her beloved, she gathered him to
her.

  “ Turn your head just a minute,”
she whispered.

  Unhesitatingly, he obeyed. She held
“ the House by the Side of the Road ”
within range of his eyes.

  He read a few lines, reached up a
shaking hand and grasped the motto
and read on, and back, and on. At last
he looked dumbly up into the beautiful
eyes that smiled their answer down to
him.

  “ We are going away to that,” she
said quite tranquilly. “ Father will
give me now what he would give me in
his will and it will pay—will pay what
you owe, Bobby. Father has much in-
fluence, perhaps nobody will know; but
if they do, it will not matter much.

  “ We shall have paid; and we shall
be far away, very poor and hard-work-
ing—and happy. Somehow, we were
not meant for the hollow shams we
were born to, Bobby—that has been
the whole trouble.

  “ In some little house by the side of
the road we shall find our real selves at
last; and though we shall be poor in
money, we shall be rich in love—the
only wealth worth having.”

  Bob’s answer was to turn his weary
head back to its resting place; and
when, after many minutes, his sobs had
died away, Rose touched his pocket.

  “ Take it out,” she whispered.

  Without moving his head, he placed
the shining weapon in her hand.

  “ If you had—had—” he faltered.

  “ But I did not, Bobby! ” she inter-
rupted. He was conscious only of the
note in her voice. He did not see that
in spite of its glorification her face was
ashen, did not hear her whisper:

  “If she had not left the message!
Or if she had remembered and come
back for it! ”
SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

YOUNG WORTHINGTON, since childhood the recipient of an income from a
never-seen half-uncle, Julian Bull, residing in Mercer, New Hampshire, suddenly
is summoned to his uncle, who writes that Worthington’s entire fortune has been
dissipated in scientific research. With Morton, his attorney, Worthington goes to the
old man, who, he finds, has discovered, among other things, a “ primary element ”
called “ Id,” which—like the Philosopher’s Stone—will transmute precious metals arid
into which all elements are transmutable. This discovery is being sought by enemies
of the professor’s, so the latter has surrounded himself with protective electricity et
cetera. One enemy, Reave, puts Morton temporarily out of business.

    Edith Deering, the professor’s niece, with whom both Worthington and Morton
have fallen in love, has a fortune which has not been touched by the old gentleman
in his scientific researches. The old man dies suddenly, and Edith goes to Boston to
stay with friends. Worthington and Morton search the house and laboratory for a will
and for the single specimen of “ Id.” After vainly searching for a while, they decide
to reconnoiter an old quarry back of the house, which lately has begun to be reworked,
and where they have discovered Reave and companions have been laboring.

CHAPTER XII.

 OUTWITTED.

MOVING cautiously in the uncer-
tain light, it took us quite
double the time to reach the
spot from which I had obtained my
first cursory view of the old quarry
than it had occupied me by daylight.
We waited there for a matter of five
minutes, and then, as there was no
sign of movement from the direction
of the quarry, we ventured to advance
right up to the workings, and soon
found one of the crude fixed ladders
by which the workmen climbed from

                   Began April <8 All-Story

ledge to ledge, where the face of the
granite was perpendicular.

   Here Worthington assumed the lead
and started climbing; but I was close
at his heels. After the first ledge was
reached there was a slope with rough
footholds that had been purposely left
in the rock; then another short ladder
to the third ledge and another slope
to the fourth.

   The fourth ledge was considerably
broader than any of the others, and
was some thirty-five or forty feet from
the base.

   We were not looking for anything
in particular. Indeed, if either of us

Weekly. Single copies. 10 cents.

195
196

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

had been asked what we expected to
discover, I doubt if there would have
been any very definite reply forth-
coming.

  It was simply that the recent ad-
vent of workmen at the old quarry,
when it had been abandoned for so
many years, and the fact that I had
seen Reaves there in company with the
foreman, for reasons best known to
themselves, had roused vague suspi-
cions in our minds. We were there to
see anything that was to be seen, and
if our suspicions proved to be ground-
less—well, so much the better!

  On the last ledge we stopped to
listen. During our climb several loose
stones had rolled from under our feet
on the slopes, and, slithering to the
edge, had dropped to the ledge imme-
diately below, or farther, with an ac-
companying noise that must certainly
have attracted the attention of any
one within hearing. All was silent,
however, and we began moving cau-
tiously along the platform.

  Where we were we were in dark-
ness, for the moon’s rays were cut off
by the rock overhead and the ridge of
pines. Presently there came an ex-
clamation from Worthington, who was
still in the lead.

  “ Why! ” he cried. “ We are al-
ready at the end of the ledge.”

  “ Oh, no,” I contradicted. “ I am
sure it extends right across the face.
I saw it by daylight, you know.”

  “ Well, feel for yourself,” he sug-
gested, moving to the inside.

  I crept past him and, sure enough,
encountered solid rock coming right
out to within a foot of the outer edge.
I puzzled over this for a moment.

  “ There’s something fishy about
this,” I said at length. “ It looks to
me as if this strip had been cut out
purposely to give the appearance of a
continuous ledge from below; but there
is a sort of buttress here, and the ledge
continues after eight feet or so. I am
sure of that, for I saw two men at
work on the far side that day I was
here.”

  “ I vote we risk a light,” said
Worthington, and I heard him fum-
bling for the electric torch.

  When he pressed the button both of
us exclaimed in wonder, while Worth-
ington promptly released it again,
leaving us in darkness as before.

  “ Well, what do you make of that? ”
he queried, lowering his voice.

  “ A cave,” said I.

  “ No,” he answered positively, “ a
tunnel—drilled and blasted out artifi-
cially. Now I see the meaning of that
buttress of rock. It was left as a
screen to hide the opening from pos-
sible discovery from below.”

  For a time we were silent, each fol-
lowing his own thoughts, and again
listening for any sign that would re-
veal the presence in the vicinity of any
living thing other than ourselves. At
last Worthington spoke.

  “ We’ve got to explore this,” he said
decisively.

  Feeling our way on hands and
knees, we crept into the tunnel-mouth.
When we were well inside Worthing-
ton again pressed the button of his
torch, and we examined the place. It
was about six feet wide and consider-
ably higher than that.

  The two sides sloped together to
form the roof, and from where we
stood it was evident that to a certain
extent I had been right in my first sur-
mise. The opening was that of a nat-
ural cave, and the screen of rock out-
side was equally natural.

  But the hand of man had hewn out
the false ledge that helped in the de-
ception, and had also been busy in-
side, widening and removing projec-
tions so as to give a clear passage.

  We followed the fissure at a gentle
downward incline for about twenty-
five yards. The greater part of this
distance we had made cautiously, for
soon after we left the entrance a curi-
ous sound had come to our ears that
we were at a loss to understand. When
we did discover the cause we looked
at each other in blank amazement.

  At twenty-five yards, more or less,
FALSE FORTUNES.

197

from the cave-mouth the natural fis-
sure ended; but there an air-com-
pressor driven by gasoline had been
set up, and a tunnel had been bored
and blasted at a sharp angle from the
direction of the original. '

  This artificial section was fully as
long as the natural, and from the far
end the sound of rock-drills came to
our ears, driven by the compressed air,
and occasionally the voices of men. A
little farther we ventured, till we
caught the dim glow of miners’ lamps,
and then we turned and retraced our
steps to the open.

  Back on the ledge, Worthington
spoke with caution.

  “ There are perhaps half a dozen of
them in there, and it would be fool-
hardy to tackle them by ourselves,” he
said. “ One of us must ride to Mer-
cer for help—the sheriff, I suppose.”

  " But,” I exclaimed, “ what can we
do? I suppose they are quite within
their rights; and what business is it of
ours, anyway ? ”

  “ Don’t you see ? ” he answered im-
patiently. “ What do you suppose
they are up to in there. Why do you
suppose they went to the trouble of
tunneling for granite—‘ for a railroad
wharf ’ ? And why in that particular
direction? ”

  A light began to dawn for me.
“Good Heavens!” I ejaculated,
suddenly as excited as Worthington.
“ The shop!”

  “ Exactly,” he snapped. “ They are
undermining the laboratory.”

  After that we did not stop to waste
further words. This then was Ru-
pert Reaves's work. The outside
workers at the old quarry had been
merely a blind to deceive a chance
visitor attracted by curiosity or vague
suspicion—as I had been—while the
real work was being carried on day
and night underground, and was noth-
ing less daring than continuing a nat-
ural tunnel far enough and in such
direction that it should eventually ter-
minate beneath the laboratory of Ju-
lian Bull.

  It was the refuse from this tunnel
that the wagons had mainly hauled
away, dumping them—we afterward
discovered—on a piece of, waste
ground just out of sight of the north
and south State road, a little over two
miles away.

  The intent of all this strenuous toil
we could only surmise; but consider-
ing the cost involved, it began to look
as if there were substantial founda-
tion for the suspicions the professor
had entertained as to the identity of
those who employed Reaves.

  From the ledge on which we now
stood to the top of the low cliff was
only a matter of twelve or fifteen feet,
and, had it been scalable, it would
have provided the most direct way
back to the house and to the stable,
which we were anpuous to reach to
saddle a horse.

  But the top overhung, and so far as
we could make out it was impossible.
We had perforce, therefore, to return
the way we had come.

  The slopes were the more difficult
to negotiate, as we had to feel for our
foot and hand holds, and a descent of
that nature is rather more precarious
than the ascent. From the alternate
ledges it was simply-a matter of find-
ing the ladders.

  On the bottommost ladder, which
was about ten feet, I went first.
Three feet from the ground I missed
a rung and found myself hanging
from my hands. However, as I knew
I was almost at the bottom, I simply
let go and the next instant was
struggling in the grasp of two power-
ful fellows, who evidently had been in
wait for me.

  I succeeded in shouting a warning
to Worthington before a rough hand
was forced over my mouth; but the
warning was too late. The same acci-
dent that had befallen me befell my
companion.

  He, too, missed a step of the lad-
der—for the simple reason that the
step was no longer there. The whole
ladder had been sawed off about three
198

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

feet from the ground. Unsuspecting,
we had fallen into a trap, and the trick
our assailants had resorted to gave
them all the advantage they required.
Worthington had no chance to use his
automatic any more than I had to
bring my stick into play.

  My friend was seized by two' more
husky workmen, and though both of
us fought hard, it was useless. Two
more men came to the help of the
enemy, and our hands were speedily
bound behind us. We were not
gagged, for, considering the loneliness
of the situation, to cry out would have
been futile.

  In the darkness it was impossible to
distinguish the features of any of the
attacking party' and so far they had
wasted no breath in words. However,
I had a shrewd suspicion that Reaves
was there, and it was speedily con-
firmed as we were marched away
from the shadow of the quarry, and
into the moonlight.

  Reaves walked just ahead, and he
did not forbear to smile his satisfac-
tion into our faces. In the pale,
lunar light the scar on his cheek
showed up white and ugly.

  “ I suppose you realize that this
outrage is likely to cost you dear,”
said Worthington angrily.

  “ Shut up,” snarled the spy, “ or it
may cost you dearer.

  “ What d’ye mean by poking round
here, anyway?” he demanded. “It’d
have served you both right if you’d
met with a fatal accident—see?”

  His words were comforting to this
extent—evidently it was not his pres-
ent intention to do us any particular
harm. He was merely taking precau-
tions to prevent our interference with
his plans.

  Reaves, I believe, had the theatrical
instinct developed to a marked de-
gree. The stage was set for a weirdly
dramatic scene, and he was not sorry
to have us as audience, knowing full
well that we would appreciate the per-
formance to the full, though we could
hardly be expected to enjoy it.

  We were escorted to a point about
a hundred and fifty yards to the right
of the old quarry, where the ground
rose sufficiently to give us a view of
the tunnel entrance and also the roof
of the laboratory and part of the sur-
rounding wall. The cave-mouth was
in darkness, but we knew pretty well
about where it lay.

  There was no lack of stout rope, and
we were each bound to a tree—not
brutally, but effectively. Then our
captors stood about us in expectant
attitudes, their eyes fixed on the spot
where we knew the entrance to the
tunnel was.

  It was all of twenty minutes before
anything happened; then a light ap-
peared on the upper ledge of the
quarry; then another and another, till
there were five in all—flaring head-
lamps such as miners use—and their
combined illumination served to show
up the opening from which they had
emerged.

  One by one, and in some haste, the
men carrying the lamps descended the
rock face. Now the lights gave the
impression of dancing fire-flies in mid
air. When the first man reached the
sawed ladder his curses came faintly to
us; but he shouted a warning to his
fellows, and they took the last ladder
with caution.

  One of our captors shouted to at-
tract the newcomers, and they speed-
ily collected on the point of vantage
that Reaves had chosen. They glanced
curiously at Worthington and me.
Some grunted; others only shrugged.
Then all turned eyes of uneasy an-
ticipation toward the cave-mouth.

  “ Who’s left ? ” Reaves demanded
of one of the men.

  “ Wilson,” he growled in reply.

  “ How long? ” the spy demanded.

  “ Ten minutes clear,” the man an-
swered, and both lapsed into silence
once more.

  Another ten minutes lapsed slowly.
At least, I suppose it was about that
period, though the seconds dragged so
that it appeared more like an hour
FALSE FORTUNES.

199

 to me. The air was tense with sup-
 pressed excitement. I could feel my
 heart pounding, pounding, as I waited,
 and the only sound was that of the
 deep breathing of the men and my
 own.

   “ There he is.” Some one broke
 the silence.

    Another light had appeared at the
 cave-mouth, and the tension was mo-
 mentarily broken, only to increase,
 however, as we saw the face of the
 last man to leave the tunnel. He
 threw himself face downward on the'
 ledge, close to the wall of rock that
 rose above him. A hundred seconds
 or so ticked away, then—

    Never, so long as I live, shaft I
 forget that scene.

   The thunder of an explosion that
 seemed as if it must have torn the very
 earth asunder echoed and reechoed
 about us. The ground on which we
 stood trembled, while smoke and flame
 leaped upward from the spot where
 the laboratory had been.

    After the terrific outburst of sound
  there was silence for a space of sec-
  onds, then came the rattle of debris
  falling on the rocks on every side, and
  the men ducked instinctively. Rocks,
  boulders, fragments of machinery, fell
  close at hand; but no one was hit.

    I can only surmise at the quantity
 of explosive Reaves had employed, but
 I speedily realized that he had made
 * a thorough job of the task he had set
 himself to accomplish. I doubted if
 any vestige of Julian Bull’s expensive
 plant could remain after that cata-
 clasm.

    As soon as they recovered from the
 momentary stupor into which they had
 been thrown the men about us began
 to move back toward the old quarry.
 I heard them call Wilson again and
 again, but there came no answering
 call; nor had there befen any sign of
 his light since the nerve-shattering up-
 heaval. Presently one of the work-
 men came running back and addressed
 Reaves.

   “ Wilson’s done for,” he cried

hoarsely. “ A chunk of rock as big
as a house was loosened away by the
vibration, I reck’n, an’ he’s bin
crushed to a pulp.”

  “How long’ll it take to get him
out ? ” Reaves demanded impatiently.

  “ He’s only under one corner,” the
man answered. “ We might git ’im
out in half an hour.”

  “ Well, get busy,” the spy ordered.
“We’ve gotta clear out of this as
soon’s possible.”

  He went off with the workmen and
left Worthington and me still bound
to our respective trees. We watched
the lamps as the men worked to ex-
tricate what remained of their com-
rade. Occasionally we glimpsed their
faces, but it was impossible to read
the expressions thereon at that dis-
tance.

  After a while they descended once
more to the lower level, and in a com-
pact mass moved toward the wagon-
track, bearing the lifeless form among
them. Finally their lamps were extin-
guished, and we saw them no more.

  Till that moment neither of us had
spoken. The drama we had witnessed
was so strange and fascinating that
it had held us silent. At last, how-
ever, I found my voice.

  “ That, then, is the end of a life-
time of labor, of self-denial and sacri-
fice for an idea! ” I said. “ What now
of the * Universal Solvent ’ and of Id
—the greatest scientific discovery of
any age ? ”

  “ Looks as if Reaves meant to leave
us here for keeps,” Worthington re-
marked irrelevantly.

  “ I dare say we’ll be able to attract
attention from some one passing on
the road to-morrow,” I responded-
cheerfully; “ but we’re going to have
an uncomfortable night of it.”

CHAPTER XIII.

TIMELY RELEASE.

  For almost two hours we remained
helpless. Our utmost efforts to free
200

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

ourselves proved unavailing. Satisfied
that we could do nothing but wait pa-
tiently, we ceased our struggles, which
had only resulted in making the rope
bite into our wrists, causing exquisite
torture. I had broken the skin, and
every time I moved the rope rubbing
on the raw flesh was like a branding-
iron, and, though he only swore softly,
Worthington was in no better plight.

  Hope revived suddenly when we
saw the light of a lantern moving
slowly toward the old quarry from
the direction of the wagon-track, and
we became aware of two figures. We
were in no haste to call out, however,
for we realized that Reaves might have
returned with one of his henchmen,
in which case a plea for help would
have met no response other than, per-
haps, derision.

  But when the two figures stopped
uncertainly and the one with the lan-
tern held it in such wise that we could
make out their outlines, they were un-
mistakable. I would have cried out in
glad recognition had not Worthington
uttered a timely warning.

  “ Not too loud,” he whispered.
“ You might scare them out of their
wits—or Martha, at least.”

  Then he called her name—old John
being deaf, as has already been re-
corded.

   “ Hello, Martha! ” he called cheer-
ily. “ This way, please! ”

  Martha started • violently and
clutched her husband’s arm, and they
clung together in pathetic helplessness.

   “It’s all right,” Worthington added
reassuringly. “ There’s nobody to
hurt. Only Mr. Morton and me. I
need your help.”

   “ Yes, yes, Master Frank,” she re-
sponded, her voice quavering and
reaching our ears but faintly.

   “ I’ll be right there, Master Frank,”
came the shriller tones of the old man,
whom Martha had apprised of our
presence.

  It took them some time to cover
the eighty - odd yards that separated
us, for the ground was rocky and un-

even and there were bushes and
boulders to obstruct their approach.
Besides, the slope was quite consider-
able for limbs whose joints were
somewhat stiffened by the “ rheu-
matiz.”

  Worthington kept encouraging and
guiding them with his voice; and I,
too, occasionally spoke, just to let
them know that both of us were safe,
for, though I came a very poor sec-
ond to “ Master Frank ” in their re-
gard, they had come to like me well
enough.

  At last they were beside us, puffing
from their exertions and showing
traces of the terrible scare they must
have experienced when the explosion
occurred.

  “Land sakes, Master Frank!” ex-
claimed the old dame when she recov-
ered her breath.

  “ You’ll find a pocket-knife in my
waistcoat — right - hand pocket,” said
Worthington, and with fingers that
shook from eagerness she obeyed his
suggestion.

  Meanwhile, the old man had recov-
ered his voice.

  “ That’s right, Matty,” he cried
shrilly. “ I’ll hold the lantern.”

  Between them they managed to free
Worthington, and he in turn, but more
expeditiously, performed a like serv-
ice for me; and mightily glad we both
were to stretch our limbs and chafe
our wrists tenderly.

  We thanked our deliverers warmly,
shaking them by the hand and patting
their shoulders till they recovered a
measure of their normal cheerfulness;
.then, helping them over the rough
ground to the wagon-track, and lead-
ing them at a gentle pace along the
State road, and finally home.

  They were eager to talk, but this
Worthington would not permit till all
four of us were comfortably'seated in
the library, where there was a consid-
erable breeze, due to the fact that al-
most every window in the house had
been shattered, and only the stout
wooden shutters prevented what would

/
FALSE FORTUNES.

201

have been a miniature gale had they
been lacking.

  Martha insisted on preparing a hot
cordial, of which Worthington had to
compel the old couple to partake.
Then, with our wounds washed clean
and bandaged, with a soothing oint-
ment next to the skin, which Martha
assured us she had prepared with her
own hands, we announced that we
were ready to listen to their story.

  All told, it amounted to the fact
that old John, coming from the stable;
had seen two strangers lurking about
the laboratory building and decided to
report it to Worthington. He entered
the house, only to learn from Martha
that we had gone to the shop.

  Not considering the matter press-
ing, seeing that he had become used
to “ them spies hangin’ round,” as he
expressed it, he decided to await our
return. When we returned to the
house he did know it till we had gone
again, and he saw us go down the
drive and over the slope toward the
old quarry.

  He had called after us, but we had
not heard. An hour or so passed;
then had come the explosion.

  “We thought the end of the world
had surely come, Master Frank,” said
Martha. “ Even John Foster heard it,
an’ everybody knows he’s as deaf’s a
door. An’ the way the house shook;
an’ the windows — well, you see 'for
yourselves what happened to most o’
them.”

  After half an hour of prayerful
panic, when the two of them had clung
desperately to each other, they had re-
covered their wits and begun discuss-
ing what had actually happened. They
soon decided that it was the shop that
had blown up, and at first were in-
clined to blame some of “ Master Ju-
lian’s fool contraptions.”

  A view of the sight where the lab-
oratory had stood confirmed their
judgment. Great gaps had been tom
in the outer wall. The shop itself, to
all intents, had been blown from the
face of the earth. The arc-lights had

failed, of course, and every globe was
shattered to powder, though some of
the uprights still stood. But the light
of the moon was sufficient to give a
fair idea of the havoc that had been
wrought.

  The house, too, had been plunged in
darkness when the dynamos went sky-
ward; but Martha, who never had got
altogether reconciled to “ them mod-
ern ’novations,” had a goodly supply
of candles laid away in a cupboard
against the day when “ ’lectricity ”
should be shown up as the fraud and
sham she had always secretly known
it to be.

  We had already discovered that
Reaves had taken steps to cover the es-
cape of himself and his gang of work-
men, over and above leaving us bound
and helpless. At least we supposed
that he was responsible for the fact
that when Worthington attempted to
telephone to Mercer with a view to
getting into touch with the sheriff and
the police, it was only to discover that
the instrument was useless. -

  Either the wire had been cut, or
else it had been broken by some fall-
ing rock after the explosion. We fully
realized that the men had had ample
time to catch the last train running on
the branch line that night, and that
already they were a good two hours’
journey away.

  Worthington was anxious to bring
the criminals to book, and would have
saddled one of the horses and ridden
to the town right away; but I dis-
suaded him.

  “ Wait till morning,” I suggested.
“ If you go with a complaint to the
sheriff there will be a lot of men
nosing round here before we have a
‘chance to go over the ground our-
selves.”

  “ You think —” he began, after a
pause to consider this view.

  “ I think it is just possible there
may be things of value to be picked
up. There’s a chance, for instance,
that the Universal Solvent itself may
have escaped annihilation.”
202

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ Do you realize,” he objected,

“ that there must at least have been
about a thousand pounds of dynamite
used to wreck that building so com-
pletely? Why, I’ll wager you the ma-
chinery itself has been blown to frag-
ments so tiny that they never could be
reassembled..”

  “ I dare say,” I conceded, “ but ex-
plosions have a freakish way of total-
ly destroying some things and leaving
others undamaged; and I don’t see the
wisdom of haste in this case. To-
morrow will be time enough to invite
the sheriff’s men or the police to the
scene.

  “ And don’t forget this — Reaves
seems truly to have had powerful in-
fluence behind him. It is doubtful if
the police of the country would find
it convenient to trace him. They are
apt' to conclude that he has vanished
without leaving a clue.”

  I succeeded at length in convincing
him that there was something in this
view, and we went to bed to recuper-
ate from the exhausting experiences
of the night.

  We were astir again, however, as
soon as it was light, curious to see for
ourselves the extent of the devasta-
tion wrought by the explosion. I am
not an expert on the subject, but it
looked to me as if it must have taken
ten thousand pounds of dynamite to
bring about the total wiping out of the
professor’s laboratory, stoutly built,
as it had been, of massive blocks of
native granite.

  Probably Worthington’s estimate
was nearer the mark; but the agent of
destruction had been distributed here
and there beneath the structure, as
was evidenced by a number of great
gaping holes in the earth — and the
charges set off simultaneously, prob-
ably by an electric spark.

  The desolation was indescribable.
The building had been blown to
atoms, but some of the results seemed
curiously inconsistent.

  One dynamo, for example, still re-
mained on its base, unharmed. So far

as a cursory examination revealed, it
'was in perfect order, requiring only
to be connected with the driving-
wheel of an engine to resume its pur-
pose of producing current. Its neigh-
bor, on the other hand, had taken a
sky - rocket course and landed in the
center of the tennis-court, a hundred
yards away.

   Of the gasoline engine itself, all we
were able to find and recognize was the
cooling-tank, which had lodged in the
fork of a huge oak. Probably one of
the charges had been directly under-
neath the place in the shop where the
engine had stood.

  Of the professor’s valuable collec-
tion of books, including manuscripts
almost priceless, some were found
here and there within a wide radius,
intact, while others were damaged
beyond hope of repair. Worthington
decided, however, that wherever a
leaf, or even a part of a leaf could be
found, it should be rescued and pre-
served. Doubtless, some librarian
would be proud to undertake the task
Of piecing them together as far as
possible, even if he should have to de-
vote the remainder of his life to the
work.

   His idea was to present the complete
volumes, and the pieces, to the Na-
tional Museum at Washington, seeing
that he knew many of them to be the
only copies in existence, so far as any
known records went.

  We soon realized that the task of
collecting what was valuable—other
things as well as books—from the
ruins, was no light undertaking, and
Worthington decided to drive to Mer-
cer to engage half a dozen men to
excavate for such articles of worth
as had been buried in the debris.

  While he was gone I searched
diligently for any paper that might
bear writing in the late Julian Bull’s
crabbed hand. Firstly, I was anxious
to find the will.

  Secondly, I was still hopeful that
certain of his scientific notes might
prove of value, and I felt that if any
FALSE FORTUNES.

203

thing could be saved that would even
partly reimburse my friend for the
fortune his uncle had dissipated—a
complete plan of the improved per-
iscope, for instance, now ruined be-
yond hope of reconstruction—the re-
sult would be well worth any effort.

  Oddly enough, I was totally unsuc-
cessful. Evidently Julian Bull had
nev ' been given much to writing, or
his notes must have filled several;
volumes; and some of them would
certaintly have shown up in the gen-
eral melange. I concluded that he had
preserved only such notes as he had
considered of supreme importance.

  These, in his small writing, the
lines close together on the page, would
not be very bulky and—the thought
set me seeking more diligently than
ever—that no scrap of them could be
found could be evidence of but one
thing: namely, that there had been a
safe after all.

  We had seen nothing of such a safe
during our ransacking of the shop, in-
cluding the study and bedroom; but
I was now convinced it existed, and
felt satisfied that eventually we would
find it among the debris — unless, like
other objects equally strong in con-
struction, it had been blown to atoms.

CHAPTER XIV.

THE UNIVERSAL SOLVENT-

  Within two hours, Worthington
returned from Mercer, with the buck-
board loaded down with workmen.
Much to my surprise, I recognized
among them several of those who had
taken part in the blowing up of the
laboratory, and at least one who,
acting under Reaves’s orders, had
helped to overpower and bind Worth-
ington and me, subsequently leaving
us helpless, to spend a night in the
open.

  Before stopping to explain, Worth-
ington set the men at work with the
picks and shovels, and crowbars, they
had brought with them. His orders

were that whatever looked as though
it might be used again was to be re-
covered ; and he was particular to
impress on them that the veriest scrap
of waste paper—in their eyes—might
be worth a great deal. All books and
papers had to be rescued and held for
his inspection.

  Then he joined me and suggested
a walk in the old garden.

  “ But,” I protested, “ we ought to
stay right here and overlook the work.
There’s no knowing what some of
these fellows may pick up on their own
account. And considering they are,
many of them, the late employees of
Rupert Reaves, if they find what he
was after, they are likely to retain it
and return it to him.”

  “We shall be back before they have
done much more than scratch the sur-
face of that job,” he reminded me, and
we moved off together.

  “ As a matter of fact,” he continued,
“ none of them will confess to having
the remotest idea what Reaves was
after. When you consider, it seemg
likely enough that they are speaking
the truth. Why should he tell them?

  “Further, whatever his object''was,
he seems to believe he has accom-
plished it, for he took the train last
night, and his ticket read through to
New York. Perhaps his employers had
no use themselves for the * Universal
Solvent ’—granting that to have been
the magnet—and if they suppose that
the destruction of the shop included
that of the Solvent, we shall probably
hear nothing further from that quar-
ter. Reaves has probably gone to
headquarters to report in triumph.”

  “ Come to think of it,” said I,
“ there could have been no other rea-
son for destroying the building, so it is
pretty certain you are right.”

  “Still,” I added, “I am by no
means certain that Reaves’s process
must have been effective, and we will
be safe to keep an eye on these men.
And what about the sheriff? ”

  Worthington answered thought-
fully.
204

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  “ So far as the men go,” he said,
“ I am satisfied they are telling the
truth. They were hired as laborers at
day wages. They were instructed in
advance that the nature of the work
they were to do was secret, and were
sworn to keep their mouths shut.

  “ When they were ordered to tun-
nel, they tunneled ; but they had no
more idea where that tunnel was to
lead than you or I had of its exist-
ence till last night. When the final
charges of dynamite were laid, they
realized, of course, that the quantity
to be used was exceptional, and their
one anxiety was to get as far away as
possible before it went off.

  “ Wilson, the poor devil who was
crushed to a jelly under the mass of
rock that fell from the edge of the
cliff, was the only expert among them,
and lie, from what I have been able
to learn, seems to have been in the
spy’s confidence.

  “ As to the attack on ourselves, the
men had been warned against tres-
passers, on the plea that the work on
hand was important, and spies might
be expected to be about on the look-
out for information. Most of the
men seem to have concluded that it
was nothing less than gold that
Reaves was seeking in the old quarry.

  “ It was Reaves we saw among the
pines, at the edge of the cliff—through
the periscope, you remember—and he
must have watched us return to the
house, and, later, start off in the
direction of the quarry. He got
ahead of us and picked up some fellows
he had previously posted on guard.

  “ Evidently he was taking no
chances of all his work coming to
naught through premature discovery
the very night planned for the final
act. The men hid among the bushes
till we reached the top ledge where
we discovered the tunnel.

  “If we had failed to locate that,
we might not have been interfered
with. As it was, we found the tunnel
and explored part of it. Reaves laid
a clever trap for us.

  “ As it was, there were six of them
at least to two of us; but Reaves was
taking no chances. He shrewdly
suspected that we might be armed.”
“ All that sounds reasonable
enough,” I admitted. “ What about
the sheriff?”

  “ Well, I guess you were right about
the influence behind Reaves. At first,
the sheriff professed to be incredu-
lous; then, while protesting that he
was only too anxious to do his duty
and run down law-breakers, he raised
many difficulties. All his deputies
were at present away on the trail of
a Avife murderer; and he wanted to
know what I had in the way of proof
against Reaves, adding that he had
always understood that the late pro-
fessor was engaged m dangerous ex-
periments.

  “ He wanted to know if 1/ could
swear there were no explosives stored
in the laboratory itself, which might
have gone off accidentally and done all
the damage.

  “ I might have offered to lead him
to the tunnel, and pointed out that
there were perhaps a dozen men in
the towns of Mercer and Grimly who
could give evidence in support of
yours and mine; but I saw quite
plainly how the wind lay with Mr.
Sheriff, and I decided to drop the
matter entirely for the present.”
While Worthington was talking we
had stopped almost involuntarily op-
posite the rose-bed, which we both
knew to be Edith Deering’s favorite
spot in all the garden. The spot had
a strong attraction for me, because it
was Edith’s particular favorite.

  Worthington’s face too lighted up
strangely as he ceased talking, and my
heart misgave me. He had often
walked with Edith in the garden while
I was working hard on the professor’s
accounts. Perhaps for him this spot
held some sweet memory.

  But it was of something entirely
different that my friend was thinking.
He gripped my arm with one hand
and pointed with the other.
FALSE FORTUNES.

205

  “ Jehoshaphat! ” I ejaculated when I
saw the object that had attracted his
attention. “ We win yet! ”

  “ The professor’s safe,” said
Worthington, and we started for it
together.

  It was a small safe of steel, about
three feet long, two feet high, and
fifteen inches deep. The form of it
suggested that it had been concealed
between the concrete and stone walls
of the laboratory, probably in the
professor’s bedchamber, as Martha had
been first to suggest.

  The fact that we had failed to dis-
cover the means of entry, by no means
altered the indubitable fact that it had
been concealed somewhere about the
building, and considering everything,
the bedroom seemed to be the most
likely place.

  The force of the explosion had
thrown the safe high in the air and
landed it eighty yards away in the
center of Edith’s rose-bed. The drop
had buried it almost completely in
the soft soil of the garden, but Worth-
ington’s alert eye had detected the top
of it projecting a few inches above
the surface.

  We tried to move it with our hands,
but of course that was impossible; and
then we hastened to the tool-shed at
the far corner of the enclosure and
returned with spades and crowbars.

  Half an hour sufficed to unearth it
and stand it right end up. But even
so, we could only gaze at it in mingled
triumph and perplexity. We had our
hare, but the puzzle how to cook it
still remained to be solved.

  “ I don’t want to call on any of the
workmen to help,” said Worthington,
“ but I don’t see how we are to get
it to the house unaided—or unseen.”
“ I dare say we might manage it on
rollers, after dark.” I suggested.
“ Meantime, we ought to have buried
it deeper instead of digging it out.”

“ That sounds like sense,” Worth-
ington admitted. “ Suppose we make
the hole a bit deeper and put it back? ”
No sooner said than started. I

jumped into the hole and commenced
spading out the loose earth.

  “ Hold on a bit,” he interrupted my
labors. “ Perhaps I can open it.”
“Nonsense!” I responded. “You
are no safe-breaker, and it might take
you ten years to work out the combi-
nation by experiment.”

  “ Not so fast,” he insisted. “ The
combination that opened the steel door
in the outer wall surrounding the shop
was the same that controlled the door
of the shop itself—which shows that
my uncle was simple enough in his
notions, in some respects.

   “ Now, it is just barely possible that
he considered it much easier to re-
member one combination that would
open three separate doors, than to re-
call three separate combinations each
opening only one door. My suggestion
is that the same old open sesame may
work the oracle in this case as it did
in the others; and if it will, it surely
will save us a lot of effort. The con-
tents will be much easier to handle
than the safe itself.”

  He was already working assidu-
ously, turning the handle this way and
that, his brow puckered in an effort
to recall the formula. When he was
through, he swore softly, for the door
remained fast shut.

  “ We’d better bury it now.” I sug-
gested, “and—”

  “ Hold on! ” he cried excitedly. “ I
got it wrong. It goes ‘ Once to four
and three times to eight ’—I’ll try
again. I had these two the wrong
way round.”

   This time, at the final turn, the door
swung open and we craned forward,
Worthington with a shout of triumph.

  “ Holy Mike! ” he exclaimed.
“ The Universal Solvent! ”

  He had pounced on a small metal
box about six inches by four by four.
The lid was held in place by two
thumb-screws, which he loosened. In-
side, the box was stuffed with cotton
wool, which he proceeded to unpack
with considerable care. In the center
appeared a cylindrical object rounded
206

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

at each end. This he picked out
triumphantly.

  “ The silicon container! ” he an-
nounced, and held it up to the light.
In the center of the container I could
just make out a movement of liquid
that showed through, a weak-teaish
brown in color.

  “ Um—there isn’t much of it,” I
commented. “ It’s all in the middle.”
“ There’s only about half an
ounce,” he responded. “ But if what
my uncle claimed was correct, it is
quite enough to do an awful lot of
damage—and more than eonugh to
make us both multimillionaires, when
we know how to handle it and keep
it under control.”

  “ You see for yourself,” he went
on, “ that the container is a sort of
improved thermos bottle on a small
scale. It is so constructed that the
liquid is entirely surrounded by a
vacuum; and that vacuum is perfect.”
He placed the vacuum container in
an inner pocket, and started examining
the papers which the safe contained.

  “Good,” he cried abruptly; “here
is the formula! ”

  “ Um—cipher,” he added.

  He had just opened a folded sheet
of thin paper of tough fabric. He
refolded it and put it in the same pocket
with the solvent.

  “ Better yet! ” I exclaimed in
turn. “ Here is your uncle’s will.”

  I had recognized the sheet of fools-
cap described by old Martha, and for
the moment it interested me more than
the Universal Solvent itself. I put it
in my own pocket, and then we gath-
ered up the remaining papers the safe
contained.

  They were all neatly tied in bundles,
and consisted of the professor’s notes
on various subjects. “ Memoranda
on the Improved Periscope,” I read on
one, and two others were inscribed re-
spectively, “ Memoranda on the pro-
cesses necessary to obtain the Univer-
sal Solvent ” and “ Memoranda on the
production of Id, the Primary Ele-
ment.”

    There were others, and we loaded
  ourselves with them and carried them
  to the house.

     For a while we were at a loss what to
  do with these papers and the Solvent for
  safe keeping; but Worthington thought
  once more of the sliding panel in the
  „ wall of the library, behind which there
  was the switchboard, now no longer
  of any use, since the circuits it had
  controlled had been broken for all
  time when the laboratory went up in
  the air.

    He pressed the hidden button in the
  pillar of the mantelpiece, and, sliding
  open the panel, we dumped everything
  within the cavity, except the will,
  which I retained in my possession.

    “ I wouldn’t trust them there too
  long if Reaves were still round,”
  Worthington remarked. “Fortunate-
  ly, he is under the impression that the
  destruction of the shop turned all the
  tricks, in his favor. We have certainly
  the laugh on him for the present, and
  on his employers, whoever they may
  be.”

    Back to the garden we went, for
  our task was not yet completed. We
  felt that it would be no more than wise
  to remove all traces of our recent la-
  bors. If any of the men still at work
  on the site of the laboratory should see
  the empty safe and the hole in the gar-
  den, and it should come to the ears of
  Reaves or any of his immediate assist-
  ants, the man would never rest till he
  had made a further attempt to gain
  possession of or destroy the Universal
  Solvent.

    I do not doubt that he would have
  blown up the house, as he already had
  the shop, if the opportunity offered,
  and he believed that by so doing his
  purpose would at last be served.

    Hastily, then, we resumed our dig-
  ging. When the hole was deep enough
  we closed the metal box with the cot-
  ton-wool wherein the container of sil-
  icon had been packed inside, and
  placed it back in the safe, the door of
  which was shut as tightly as ever.
  Then, with a little more or less skil-
FALSE FORTUNES.

207

ful levering with the crowbars, we
dumped the whole thing back in the
hole and shoveled the soil about and
over it, beating it well down, but
spreading some loose earth on top to
restore the surface to its original con-
dition as nearly as possible.

  Finally we scattered the soil left
over and straightened up with groans
and mutterings—only to laugh grimly
at the futility of all our effort.

  Our eyes for an instant looked
straight into the cold eyes of Rupert
Reaves above the wall of the garden.

  How long Reaves had been there
watching us I know not; but we had
surprised him by looking up when we
did, before he had time to drop on the
other side of the wall.

CHAPTER XV.

PLOT AND COUNTERPLOT.

  My first feeling when I realized that
Reaves had undoubtedly seen that we
had been burying something, whether
or iVt he knew that it was a safe, was
one of exasperation.

  “ All that hard work and backache
for nothing! ” I growled.

  “ Come to think of it, I’m not so
sure,” Worthington responded. “If
Reaves happens to have seen the safe
and is fool enough to suppose the
Universal Solvent may still be inside,
it’ll be rather a joke to have him carry
it off in the night.

  “ I wonder if he knows we saw
him?”

  “ He must,” said I. “ But if we
leave things as they are now, and take
no further steps for the present, he
may conclude that we didn’t.”

  Following out this suggestion, we
took pains to return the tools to the
shed where we had found them and,
with laborious circumspection, left
the garden for the house, only to
emerge a few minutes later and stroll
nonchalantly over to where the work-
men were busily engaged in carrying
out Worthington’s instructions.

  They were sorting out various arti-
cles as they recovered them, placing
books and fragments of books on one
pile, odds and ends of machinery fit
to be utilized again in another, and
broken metal, ct cetera, on a scrap-
heap, which was growing quicker than
all the others taken together.

  With intervals for meals, we spent
the rest of the day at the task of car-
rying what we considered of most
value into the house and collecting
scattered manuscript from all round
within a radius of a hundred and fifty
yards. These we were particularly
anxious about in case it should come
on to rain before we had rescued all.

  After dark, when the workmen had
gone, we opened Julian Bull’s will.
For the most part it reiterated the ar-
guments the professor had used in con-
versation the night of our coming in
answer to his summons to Worthing-
ton.

  They were in the nature of an apol-
ogy for the irregularities in his stew-
ardship of his nephew’s fortune, and
the document dwelt on the great serv-
ices he had done to science and the
enormous power which the discovery
of the Universal Solvent put into the
hands of its possessor, since it was the
key — as he claimed — to boundless
wealth.

  His notes, other than those relating
to the Universal Solvent, but including
those on the subject of Id, he be-
queathed to the nation. Those relating
to the solvent, the formula for pro-
ducing it, and the solvent itself—all
that existed was the half-ounce in its
silicon container, now reposing in the
cavity behind the sliding panel in the
room where we sat—he willed to “ My
nephew, Frank Bruce Worthington, as
the just return for the investments in
my experimental work.”

    I myself, had I been granted time
  (the will went on), would have used
  the Solvent in transmuting from
  lead enough gold to reimburse my
  nephew many times over; but of late
  I have felt that the end was approach-
208

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  ing. I thank God that my labors have

  not been altogether in vain.

  One thing that gave me intense sat-
isfaction with the will was that Julian
Bull had duly named his nephew as his
successor in the trusteeship of Edith
Deering’s estate. This was exactly
what I had hoped, for it simplified the
business of putting her affairs in or-
der.

  One secret of the past we learned
from the curious document that ex-
plained much that had taken place at
our first interview, and which I could
only guess at at the time. Before Ju-
lian Bull had immolated his life on
the altar of science he had loved Frank
Worthington’s mother.

  That she had preferred his half-
brother had been a blow; but it had
not embittered him, for it was for his
mother’s sake that he had shown a
fondness for his nephew, though that
affection had been expressed in person
only in the closing week or so of his
own life.

  After we had buried the safe in the
rose-bed and seen the man we had rea-
son to consider an enemy spying upon
us from the top of the garden-wall, we
saw nothing more of Reaves that day,
nor the next.

  The second morning after, however,
when we repaired to the garden to look
over the ground, it was to find that
the rose-bed had once more been dis-
turbed, nor did it take us long to verify
our supposition that the safe had been
moved bodily. Our satisfaction was
great accordingly, for this time we
knew that the man had been fooled.

  We returned to the house in time
to intercept the postman. There were
several letters for each of us; but both
of us opened first envelopes that were
identical.'

  Edith had written at last.

  I will confess that I was disappoint-
ed in mine. The letter was friendly,
and its tone showed that, with her
friend, Milly French, she had at least
partially recovered her good spirits.
She imparted the disquieting informa-

tion that the family was shortly going
to Washington to visit a few weeks at
the home of Milly’s uncle. I happened
•to know, from a conversation we had
had, that there was also a dashing cou-
sin—of Milly’s—at present in training
as a naval cadet at Annapolis, and soon
to take his final examinations before
graduating.

  But, for the most part, her commu-
nication was in the nature of instruc-
tions to her attorney. She emphasized
again her determination to divide her
fortune with her cousin, unaware of
the provision in her father’s will that
made 'this impossible before she at-
tained the age of twenty-five.

  From the way in which Worthing-
ton eyed me, I surmised his letter had
been no more satisfactory than mine,
and I regretted exceedingly that my
duty dictated that I should apprise him
of his cousin’s desire regarding the
estate.

  However, I did not give him the
satisfaction which I might have af-
forded him by reading all of the epis-
tle, leaving him in the dark as to what
she might have said before coming to
the business part, which was all I felt
called on to read.

  As I had expected, it only made him
uncomfortable.

  “ It seems that my cousin has talked
of this with you before,” he said after
frowning at me in thoughtful silence
for about a minute.

  “ Yes,” I admitted.

  “ You didn’t mention it,” he com-
mented. “ What did you say to her? ”

  “ I told her,” I responded, “ that it
was not to be thought of—that I was
sure you wouldn’t consider it for a
moment.”

  “ Thanks, old man,” he said heart-
ily, shaking me by the hand. “ I
wouldn’t, of course, and I’m glad you
had that much faith in me.”

  It occurred to both Worthington
and me that while Reaves was off on
a wild-goose chase — probably having
taken the safe to some expert to have
FALSE FORTUNES.

209

it opened—would be a very good time
for us to clear out with the Universal
Solvent and put it somewhere for per-
manent safe-keeping.

  We realized that it was not safe in
the panel in the library when so des-
perate a character as Reaves had
proved himself to be was still on the
hunt; but we did not feel that we could
leave Worthington Grange as yet. The
property belonged to Edith, and we
were anxious to get rid of the work-
men as soon as possible and leave ev-
erything as ship-shape as we could.

  When Worthington had gone to
Mercer to bring the men he had or-
dered a glazier to come next day, or
as soon as he was at liberty, to repair
the broken windows; but so far the
man had failed to put in an • appear-
ance. He allowed another day to pass
and then rode down to the town to
remind the man of his promise and
insist on his coming right away.

  The same afternoon, just when I
was beginning to wonder what on
earth could be keeping him so long, a
messenger arrived from Worthington.
He brought a note, and I tore it open
with some misgiving that an accident
must have befallen him, but I was far
from dreaming what actually had hap-
pened. He had been arrested.

  I wasted no time in saddling the re-
maining horse and riding to the town
as if life itself were involved. I was
burning with indignation and sorely
at a loss to understand on what charge
my friend could possibly be held. His
note had told me nothing beyond the
bare fact of his arrest.

  Arrived at the jail, I had some dif-
ficulty in seeing Worthington at all,
and only the fact that I am a lawyer,
and that the sheriff was rather shaky
as regards the law, enabled me to bluff
my way past the stolid official, who at
last consented to unlock the door of
the cell where the prisoner was con-
fined, only stipulating that he should
remain in that hole of a place with us
as long as I remained.

  When the voice of Reaves sounded

    14	S

outside, however, he left us for a time,
locking us both in against any attempt
on Worthington’s part to escape.

  What surprised mb more than my
friend’s arrest was his apparent cheer-
fulness. I questioned him impatiently.

   “ Ho, ho ! ” he laughed. “ It is only
another joke on Reaves.”

   “ I don’t see the funny part yet,” I
protested. “ I wish you would point
it out.”

   “ Why,” he explained more soberly,
“ when I learned that the only glazier
in this one-horse village could not
come to the Grange for two days yet, I
decided to take the train to Fenton,
the next town, and secure a man there.
Evidently I was under surveillance,
for as 1 stepped on the train a man
in citizen’s clothes arrested me.”

   “ But on what charge ? ” I protested.
“ That’s what I wanted to know,
but he just showed me his deputy’s
badge and poked a gun in my ribs, and
demanded to know if I was coming
peaceably or not. I went along and he
conducted me to the sheriff’s office,
where I learned that I had been ar-
rested on a charge of assault sworn
out by Reaves.”

   “ Preposterous! ” I exclaimed. “ I’ll
have you out of here in less than no
time; and, by thunder, some one will
have to pay handsomely for this out-
rage.”

  “ Shucks, man; you don’t see the
point yet,” he went on. “ You remem-
ber the nice little electric shock our
friend got the night he attacked you?
Well, that was excuse enough for the
‘arrest.

   “ The real reason for it Was that it
was supposed by Reaves, or the man
who arrested me at his orders, that I
was off to New York, and probably
carried the Solvent with me. They
wanted a chance to search me, and
they have had it. That is the joke.”

   I was still indignant and not at all
willing to treat the matter lightly, when
the sheriff reappeared and blandly in-
formed me that I was under arrest on
the same charge as Worthington.
210

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  I protested vigorously, quoting law
and urging all the arguments I could
think of; but I saw it was no use. We
were being treated to some very con-
vincing evidence of the strength of
Reaves’s influence.

  When I had been searched in turn I
was returned to the same cell with
Worthington, all my efforts to obtain
bail having been unavailing, and we
prepared to spend the night there.

  Worthington’s mood underwent a
change at that prospect, not so much
on his own account as on that of old
Martha and John Foster, who, he
rightly considered, had had more than
their share of excitement in the past
few days. It had occurred to me, and
I had communicated the idea to him,
that the reason we were held after our
captors had convinced themselves that
neither of us carried the Universal
Solvent on his person, was that they
now proposed to make a raid of the
house, and would doubtless search it
from cellar to attic.

  And that is exactly what they did,
as we speedily found on our return
next day. Fortunately, that was the
day on which the court sat in Mercer,
and as no one appeared to press the
charge against us we Avere promptly
discharged.

  We found Martha and John in a
high state of nervousness, and every-
thing in the house had been turned
topsy-turvy. Bureau and dresser
draAvers had been opened and
searched; closets, trunks, and bags, the
buffet in the dining-room, the book-
shelves in the library — nothing had
been overlooked, even in parts of the
house that had not been in use for
almost tAventy years; nothing, that is,
except the hollow panel in the library,
wherein the Solvent and its formula
lay in temporary security.

  “ See here,” said Worthington an-
grily, “ this thing has got to be put a
stop to somehow. If they come again
they won’t leave one stone on top of
another, unless we lead the hunt over
neAA- country.”

  “ What do you propose? ” I asked.

  “ We shall return to New York,
starting to-night, and we shall take the
Solvent with us.”

  “ And hoAv do you propose to avoid
Reaves and his men?” I asked.

  “ I have a plan,” he responded, and
proceeded to unfold it.

  In pursuance of that plan, Ave left
Worthington Grange at eleven o’clock
that night on horseback and rode
twenty miles, to. Rochester, in the di-
rection opposite from Mercer, and
there took train for Portland.

  From Portland Ave purposed return-
ing to New York by steamer, and by
taking passage under fictitious names
we flattered ourselves that we had suc-
ceeded in losing Reaves and all his
gang, for a time at least.

CHAPTER XVI.

THE SECRET FORMULA.

  As to the future, Worthington’s
plan was to place the silicon container
in a safety-deposit vault in New York;
but before I reached that city an ob-
jection I raised dissuaded him from
this course.

  After all, if the professor’s idea as
to the poAver behind Reaves was right
—and we had had some evidence to
support the theory that it Avell might
be—a bank 01* trust company was the
last kind of institution to Avhich we
should go.

  “ There may be something in that,”
Worthington agreed when I broached
this view.

  “ I certainly don’t intend to lose pos-
session noAV till I have gone into the
records of my uncle’s experiments—
perhaps tried to duplicate some of
them,” he added. “ But I don’t, for
the life of me, see why the money
trust should be so confoundedly anx-
ious to get hold of the stuff or destroy
it.”

  “ Even the little you have in that
vacuum bottle,” I reminded him,
“ must be capable, according to the
FALSE FORTUNES.

211

professor’s claims, of producing from
lead more gold than you could possibly
spend in a lifetime. Think what it
would mean if you should discover the
key to the formula and be able to pro-
duce the Solvent in quantity.

  “ It would bring about a total up-
setting in present money values. Gold
could no longer remain the standard
of the world, for it would be worth
no more than you chose to dictate.
The bank reserves would sink in worth
to the vanishing point, the government
itself would be bankrupt.

  “ Diamonds, too, you could produce
in unlimited quality, and they would
cease to have any greater value than so
much glass. That would not matter
so much, for there are other precious
stones which, being compound sub-
stances, could not be transmuted to
anything but Id. But what metal
could replace gold as the money stand-
ard ? ”

  “ What’s the matter with Id itself? ”
he demanded with a grin.

  “ You forget its weight,” I remind-
ed him. “ Those little cubes your un-
cle showed us weighed four ounces—
unless he was fooling us by scientific
jugglery, as I am still more than half
inclined to. suspect. And, depend upon
it, the powers that be are quite satis-
fied with things as they are, and would
not stand for your butting in with that
Universal Solvent business.

  “ Why, even the news of its exist-
ence becoming public would cause a
panic, compared with which those of
1893 and 1907 wotfid loom up in retro-
spect as national picnics.”

  “ But do you really suppose the men
behind the finances of this old U. S. A.
of ours are the sort that would believe
a story of a Universal Solvent coming
from ar\ obscure experimentalist
through correspondence with a few old
fogies occupying chairs of science at
some college or other? ” he queried.

  “ They wouldn’t swallow it whole, I
suppose,” I admitted; “ but they might
send a man like Rupert Reaves to in-
vestigate. When they learned of that

  laboratory, guarded by a high wall and
a network of live wires, they would
become genuinely curious, and decide
that it was as well to take no chances.

  “ Take the blowing up of the labora-
tory,” I went on. “ Of course, it may
have been only spite on Reaves’s part;
but is it likely he would have gone to
all that trouble and expense to gratify
a personal hatred? Is it not much
more likely that he was carrying out
instructions from higher up?”

  “ Well, these financiers may be con-
servative in their ideas; but they're
certainly progressive in their methods
when it comes to action,” he re-
sponded.

  “ Your arguments about fit in with
my own thoughts,” he added; “ though
even now I am hardly convinced on
all points.”

  This speech recalled me to myself.
Till now it was I who had been the
doubter; now I found myself support-
ing the beliefs of the professor and de-
ducing sound reasons why the “ money
trust,” so called, should be anxious to
destroy the Universal Solvent.

  When we reached the East River and
the vessel by which we had come from
Portland tied up alongside the wharf,
it was already too late to take steps for
the safeguarding of the Solvent short
of hiring an automobile, driving into
the wilds, and burying it.

  As we were satisfied, however, that
we had given Reaves and his men the
slip, and had every reason to believe
so, we had no hesitation in carrying it
with us to the flat off Washington
Square. Moreover, we realized that
the formula would be of more value
to any one who could decipher it than
the vacuum bottle and its contents^
and we were both keen to make an
attempt to solve the riddle of that
closely written sheet of thin paper.

  We dined at a little Italian place on
Eighth Avenue that was one of our
favorite haunts, and afterward, taking
a taxi, drove to the apartment, and
got busy.

, Ciphers have long been a hobby of
212

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

mine, and I had a number of books on
the subject at the flat. While Worth-
ington dipped into these with a newly-
awakened enthusiasm, I bent all my
faculties and acquired knowledge to
the document in hand. But I could
make nothing of it. The key persist-
ently eluded me.

  One in the morning found us both
weary from the fatigues of traveling
followed by our concentrated efforts
to solve the cipher.

  “ Let’s go to bed,” Worthington
suggested, with a yawn. “ Perhaps if
you sleep on it, you will have the
solution when you wake up in the
morning. I used to work out prob-
lems in mathematics that way at
college.

  “ The process is to concentrate on
the problem calling for solution till
you’re weary; then go to bed thinking
of it. Toss round till sleep comes un-
awares. In the morning, there is the
answer all ready for you* and you
wonder why in thunder you didn’t see
it before.”

  He picked up the formula and
locked it in his desk, where already
he had placed the silicon bottle con-
taining the Universal Solvent, whose
secret we sought, and we exchanged
good nights.

  Worthington’s words were pro-
phetic; but it didn’t take me all night
to solve that cipher. I woke up about
three o’clock, muttering again and
again: “ Solvent, seven letters—Sol-
vent, seven letters.”

  Then I thought of the formula, and
I knew the subject was still ferment-
ing in my brain; only, I could not see
the connection. But it came to me
in a moment. I remembered that I
had read somewhere that a word of
seven letters was the best that could
be used as a key to the Confederate
cipher; and I also recalled that Worth-
ington’s uncle had come of a Southern
family—Worthington, too, for that
matter—a family that had provided
many heroes for the Revolution.

“ Eureka! ” I cried, “ I’ve got it! ”
Springing out of bed, I slipped on
a woolen bath-robe and slippers, and
crossed the narrow hall to Worthing-
ton’s bedroom.

  “ What’s the matter ? ” he mur-
mured sleepily as I shook him and
whispered his name—'this method be-
ing more effective in waking a person
than shouting.

  “ Get up,” said I excitedly. “ I’ve
got it.”

 “Got what, you idiot?” he
growled, sitting up in bed and look-
ing at the clock on the dresser—I had
switched on the electric light on enter-
ing the room.

  “ What in blazes are you doing out
of bed at this unearthly hour? ” he
complained.

  “ It’s the Confederacy code,” I an-
swered jubilantly, “ and the key is the
word—‘ Solvent.’ ”

  “ We’ll try it in the morning,” he
responded. “ You’re probably wrong
at that. Go back to bed.”

  “ I’m sure of it,” I insisted. “ Your
uncle was proud of his family con-
nections with those who fought for
the Confederate forces, wasn’t he ? ”

  “ I suppose so.”

  “ Well, whether or no, I recognize
the form. All we have to do is take
a blocked-out square of the alphabet.
The top line of the square consists
of the twenty-six letters of the alpha-
bet, and the first vertical column also
—A at the top and Z at the bottorp.
The second vertical column starts with
B, of course, and ends with A follow-
ing Z; the third starts with C and ends
with B, et cetera. Why, I showed you
the whole thing this evening.”

  “ I know all that; but how do you
read it ? ”

  “ In putting the formula into code,
your uncle would write the code word,
which I am morally sure was Solvent,
above the words of the formula again
and again. S over the first letter, O
over the second, and so on to the T
over the seventh. Then S again over
the eighth, O over the ninth, L over
FALSE FORTUNES.

213

the tenth, till every letter of the entire
document was covered with a letter of
the code word.

  “ To turn the document into code,
he would take the first S, together
with the first letter in the document.
The S he would find in the top line
of the blocked square, and the first
letter of the original in the outside
vertical column; then following a line
downward from the S and another
across from the other letter, he
would take the letter whereat they
met as the first letter of the code ver-
sion. Similarity with the second and
all the other letters.

  “ To read the formula we have
only to reverse the process: first write
‘ solvent ’ — ‘ solvent ’ — ‘ solvent ’ —■
over the code version, then trace down
the columns in which each letter of
the present document appears at the
top, till we come to the corresponding
letter of the code word. Trace the
horizontal line back to the margin,
and there in the left-hand vertical
column we will find the first letter of
the original.”

  “ That sounds like a long job to
me,” Worthington demurred.

  “ And how do you know solvent is
the word? ”

  “ I won't try to read the whole
thing to-night,” I concluded; “ but I
have a hunch that solvent is the key
word. When you think of it, it is just
the word the professor would choose.
He had been eating it, sleeping with it,
living with it for years. I want to
try it out, anyway, and I sha’n’t sleep
a wink if I don’t.”

  “ All right, we’ll try it,” he agreed
briskly, hopping out of bed, pulling
on his pants, and donning a jacket.

  “ As I have already made out the
blocked square, it won’t take us long
to make a convincing test,” I re-
marked, as Worthington opened the
door of our library sitting-room,
fronting the street. He recoiled with
an exclamation; then we both started
forward.

  The window shade was raised and

the window was open. The light from
a street-lamp on the opposite side of
the way was reflected from the ceiling,
and shone on Worthington’s desk,
which had been forced open.

  Beside the desk we discovered the
figure of a man standing at bay. As
he turned toward us the face was in
shadow.

  I switched on the electric light and
recognized the vindictive countenance
of Rupert Reaves, his teeth bared in
a snarl such as a wild animal might
give.

  In his left hand he held the vacuum
bottle of silicon and the precious
formula. The ugly scar that stretched
the length of his cheek showed alter-
nately red and white, giving him a
repulsive appearance. With his right
hand he drew a revolver from his
pocket and curtly ordered us to thrown
up our hands.

  We were unarmed, and we obeyed;
but Worthington restrained himself
with difficulty, and I knew it would
only be a matter of seconds ere he
would throw himself upon the spy,
reckless of consequences.

  Reaves seemed to sense this, and
he backed toward the open window,
where a dangling rope suggested that
he had lowered himself from the roof,
which doubtless he had gained fromi
an empty house next door.

  The house was an old brown-stone
front, and our apartment on the third
floor had a narrow balcony protected
by an iron railing. But the railing was
rust-eaten and frail, and as Worth-
ington, incensed by the imminence of
the escape of the thief, and the losai
of the Universal Solvent, sprang for-
ward, Reaves backed suddenly and
violently against the weakened struc-
ture.

  It yielded to his weight and, with a;
sense of impending horror, I saw thei
man clutch wildly at the air in an
effort to retain his balance, reel oni
the outer edge of the stone ledge, hi$
face distorted by the fear of death*
and fall.
214

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  A moment after, Worthington and
I were gazing down into the street
below.

CHAPTER XVII.

THE MONEY POWER.

  It is with diffidence that I write of
the extraordinary happenings of that
awful moment when Reaves fell to
the sidewalk from the height of three
stories. I could wish that I might cite
newspaper accounts published at the
time; but strong pressure was brought
to bear to suppress all reports.

  The few people who were awake at.
that time in the early morning in the
neighborhood spoke of “ winter being
early this year,” and swore midst the
laughter and jeers of their friends,
that snow and even hail had fallen
in the night.

  The heated arguments that ensued
from this oft-repeated statement were
speedily forgotten, except by those
who had actually been awakened by
the sudden cold snap, and never could
understand why “ Brown ” or
“ Smith,” living only three blocks
away, declared that they hadn’t got
home till 4.30 a.m. on the morning in
question, and the entire night had been
muggy, humid, and exceptionally warm
for October.

  The explanation of these conflicting
experiences is that the snow flurry fell
only over an area of one block.

  But let me start with what Worth-
ington and I saw when we reached
the window, and lying on our
stomachs peered over the edge of the
balcony, now railless.

  I think I may say we saw Reaves’s
body reach the sidewalk; but that was
all. I can only explain the next frac-
tion of a second by saying there was
a flash of “ darkning.” The expres-
sion is Worthington’s, but it is accurate.

  The reader knows what a flash of
lightning is, and I must leave it to him
to comprehend what I try to convey
when I speak of “ darkning.” Un-

doubtedly, the silicon container had
been broken in the fall, and the Uni-
versal Solvent had got free.

  Its action was instant, and one ef-
fect was to absorb completely all light
within a considerable radius, so as to
bring on darkness—but only a mo-
mentary flash of it.

  Again, there was a terrific rush of
air that caused a displacement all over
the city, and so violent in our imme-
diate vicinity as to rattle shutters from
their hinges and smash several win-
dows.

  After the flash of “ darkning ” we
were able to see into the street again.
What we expected to discern was the
mangled remains of the spy. There
was no sign of him. Neither was
there any fragment of the treacherous
railing. But in the sidewalk below us,
stretching to the curb and a little way
beyond, was a gaping hole.

  “Great Caesar!” Worthington ex-
claimed. “ We’ve got to go down and
investigate.”

   I shivered with the intense cold that
had suddenly come upon us, and I
looked at my companion.

  “ Rub your nose,” I cried warn-
ingly.

   “ Better rub yours, too,” he retort-
ed. “ It’s got that white, solid look
that means frost-bite, and days of
agony when the thawing-out process
is on.”

  Tweaking vigorously at our re-
spective noses and ears, we hastened
to the street, stopping only a few
minutes to don more clothing. When
we emerged from the front door it
was to realize that there had been a
slight fall of hail, and even now
snowflakes were planing gently down
upon us. We gazed in wonder at the
great hole yawning at our feet.

  “ Looks like the effect of an ex-
plosion ; but where’s the debris ? ” said
a voice behind us.

  We turned simultaneously and
started in further surprise. The
speaker was a tall, broad-shouldered
man of striking dignity of aspect. He
FALSE FORTUNES.

215

wore a light opera-cloak over evening
clothes, and a silk hat. Involuntarily
he shivered, and his lips were blue.

  Tiny icicles clung to the points of
his heavy black mustache and from
his bushy eyebrows. What startled
us, however, was that we recognized
in him a figure well known in the
financial district, and indeed, from
newspaper portraits at least, known all
over the world.

  Mr. Brinckley I shall call this man,
and I shall not further identify him
beyond stating that he was, until re-
cently, one of the big six in the finan-
cial world—one of the handful of
men reputed to control the banking
business of this great country.

  “ Not an explosion,” Worthington
answered quietly. “ An mplosion.”

  “ Eh, what’s that ? An mplosion!
Never heard of such a thing,” said
Brinckley, his eyes brightening with
interest.

  “ Nevertheless, that is exactly what
has taken place,” Worthington insist-
ed. “ The exact opposite of an ex-
plosion.”

  “ Ah! ” exclaimed the magnate, and
the word was followed by a sharp in-
take of breath.

  “ You yourself have remarked on
the entire absence of debris,” my
friend went on. “ As you seem to
have been very near when the—er—■
accident happened, you would observe
the entire absence of sound, so marked
that it might fittingly be described as
a loud silence.”

  I recalled that, though I had seen
windows smash outwards across the
way, there had been no sound of
broken glass falling, and Worthing-
ton’s lips, as we leaned over the ledge
above, had formed the words, “ My
God! He will be killed,” but no sound
had issued from them.

  “No doubt,” Worthington contin-
ued, “ you would also note the flash
of * darkning ’; and your own mus-
tache bears testimony to the fact that
there was no heat generated, but in-
tense cold. You can see for yourself

that hail and snow have fallen. That
was because the air was heavily sur-
charged with moisture which froze
immediately the surrounding heat was
absorbed.”

  Late as the hour was—or early, if
the reader prefer—a crowd was be-
ginning to gather, though for the mo-
ment the people kept at a respectful
distance, uncertain as to whether there
might not be danger in nearer ap-
proach.

  “ We must try to get rid of these
people,” Worthington said decidedly.

  “ Leave it to me,” said Brinckldy,
and he approached the lieutenant of
reserves, who came up at that moment
on the run, evidently summoned by.
some startled householder.

  “ What’s all the trouble ? ” demand-
ed the officer briskly.

  Then he recognized the man he was
addressing, and he saluted respect-
fully.

  The magnate spoke to him a few
seconds; and the lieutenant issued a
sharp command, upon which the police
started dispersing the curious onlook-
ers. A call for more men was sent in,
and within ten minutes two cordons
of police were drawn across the street,
one at each end of the block.

  “ Now,” said Brinckley, returning
to Worthington and me, “ I want to
get down into that hole.”

  His eyes expressed cunning and
cupidity, but my friend only smiled.

  “ I should judge it to be only eight
feet deep, or thereabouts,” he re-
sponded. “ Mr. Morton and I will
gladly give you a hand.”

  It needed the two of vis to support
him, and it was no easy task at that, for
while he was active enough, he was
positively the heaviest man for his size
I have ever known of.

  “Concentrated gravity,” Worth-
ington remarked; then, as the banker
touched bottom, he straightened up.

  “ Just take a good look at me, my
boy,” he invited.

  I was forced to laugh. In the ex-
citement of the first few minutes I
216

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

'had failed to notice it, but his figure,
instead of being perpendicular to the
.street, was at a decided angle—I re-
ipeat: straight, but at an angle to the
(sidewalk.

  I looked beyond him to the nearest
line of police, about forty yards away.
With them the effect was grotesque.
To maintain tlTeir balance they had to
hold their bodies at an angle to the
roadway—perfectly straight and rigid,
but at an angle of almost thirty de-
grees from the perpendicular. Evi-
dently they themselves had noticed it,
judging from the expressions of be-
wilderment on their usually stolid
countenances.

  The crowd beyond the line of blue-
coated men was laughing and jeering
at the officers and at each other. The
police at the other end of the block
were not affected. Apparently they
were beyond the zone of influence.

  “ What has changed the center of
gravity ? ” I demanded.

  “ Id,” my friend replied laconically.

  “ Id! Where ? ” I exclaimed, peer-
ing again into the pit at our feet, at
the bottom of which Brinckley was
groping almost on all fours.

  Worthington produced a box of
matches and, striking one, held it in
the cup of his hand so that the light
was thrown downward.

  At the instant our eyes caught a
glimpse of a small object in the cen-
ter, whose characteristic rose-colored
flame I immediately recognized; the
banker’s hand closed over it. He
tried to grasp and lift it; but his fin-
gers slipped off the hard surface,
smoother than plate-glass.

  There was a look of exasperation
on his face as he turned it upward.
Worthington laughed heartily at his
evident discomfiture.

  “ That is Id, Mr. Brinckley,” he ex-
plained. “ And that morsel, which
from here looks to be about three
inches cube, weighs something be-
tween forty and fifty tons. If bed-
rock had not happened to be near the
surface at this spot, we’d never have

seen it, for the pressure is so enor-
mous on so small a base that it would
force its way downward through any-
thing of less density.”

  “ You mean to say that all the ma-
terial that formerly filled the space
occupied by this hole went to the ma-
king of that insignificant block of
what you call Id ? ” demanded Brinck-
ley incredulously.

  “ Where else did it go? ” my friend
countered.

  “ There was a pause while the
banker adjusted his faculties to grasp
this extraordinary suggestion and in-
cidentally to measure the dimensions
of the pit with his eye.

  “ Even so. I can’t see that there
are forty tons of material gone,” he
objected.

  “ No, something over twenty tons,”
Worthington answered. “ But one of
the properties of Id is that it has an
independent gravity pull equal to the
pull of the earth upon it. Hence the
doubled weight.”

  We had to call two policemen to
help get Brinckley out of the pit. At
last I realized why he appeared to be
such a heavy man. We had to pull
against a double gravity attraction.

  “ Suppose we go up to your apart-
ment,” the banker suggested as he
shook the loose dirt from his clothes.
“ I have a proposition to make.”

  “ First I must call up the water de-
partment and the gas and electricity
companies,” said Worthington.

  “ Whatever for ? ” I asked.

  He lighted another match, and I
saw the reason. Portions of the gas
and water pipes and of the electric
under the sidewalk and curb had been
absorbed with the other materials that
had gone to the making—by transmu-
tation—of that three-inch cube of Id.
Fortunately, both the water and the
gas had frozen solid,, this preventing
immediate escape.

  “ These frozen chunks will speedily
thaw,” said Worthington, “ and the
people concerned must cut off the sup-
plies till repairs can be made.”
FALSE FORTUNES.

217

  “ We’d better get some workmen to
barricade that pit and a section of the
street,” said Brinckley. “ We’ve got
to keep people away and keep all this
as quiet as possible.”

CHAPTER XVIII.

A DEAL IN ID.

  It was Brinckley who choked off
curious reporters who began to arrive
and gave instructions as to the erect-
ing of barriers, while Worthington
telephoned to the water department
and the gas and electric companies
whose properties had been damaged.
Then the three of us went up-stairs to
our apartment.

  “ I take it,” the banker began, “ that
Professor Bull’s Universal Solvent is
no longer in existence.”

  Here was practically an admission
that he had been more than duly inter-
ested in that Solvent, and, reading our
faces, he made no attempt to dodge
the issue.

  “ There is no use in beating about
the bush,” he said. “ I admit that I
and my associates have been anxious
to secure the Solvent — to destroy it.
You are both men of intelligence, and
you should be able to see why.”

  “ Destruction of gold standard and
all the rest of it,” Worthington an-
swered. “ But how came you to be-
lieve in Professor Bull’s theories?”

  “ I was at college with him, and I
knew the man. When Brown, of
Wisconsin, wrote and told me that the
professor claimed to have discovered
a Universal Solvent that, among other
things, would turn or transmute lead
into gold, I was more than half con-
vinced of the truth of the assertion.

  “ Of course, I knew the man might
have lost his mental balance, and that
his claim.might be only a vagary of
a disordered intellect; but my asso-
ciates and I decided we could not af-
ford to take chances. We had to
make sure.

  “ And, believe me, gentlemen,” he

added, “ whatever opposition we may
recently have had from the Treasury
Department, in this matter the depart-
ment was heartily with us, and even
the President himself. To shake the
money standard would bring disaster
on the whole country.

  “ Even a rumor of all this finding
its way into the press—a contingency
which I have already guarded against
—might cause a panic. Rumor may
do that when the pockets of ninety
millions of people are concerned —
ignoring for the moment the other
nations of the civilized world.”
Worthington nodded.

  “You may set your mind at ease,
sir,” he said. “ Every drop of the
Universal Solvent became a force —
the force that went to the making of
that cube of Id that lies on bed-rock
below our window.”

  “ And the formula ? ” he eagerly
queried.

  “ Your agent stole that with the
Solvent,” my friend answered blunt-
ly. “ Doubtless it is incorporated iri
the same cube.”

  The face of the banker blanched and
his voice, when he next spoke, was only
a husky whisper.

  “ And Reaves ? ” he asked. “ I saw
him fall, from my station in a doorway
at the other side of the street. What
became of him ? ”

  “ What became of the concrete side-
walk, of the paving blocks at the edge
of the roadway, of the soil, of the gas-
pipes and the water-pipes and the elec-
tric-wires ? ” asked Worthington with
compressed lips.

  “ My God! ” muttered the magnate,"
and the three of us fell silent.

  “ He leaves a wife and three small
childen. I must look after them,”
Brinckley added at length; and we con-
tinued our discussion under less con-
straint.

  “ I suppose that cube of Id right-
ly belongs to you, Mr. Worthington? ”
said the banker.

  “ Confidentially, I may say that al-
most my friend’s entire fortune,
218

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

amounting to a quarter of a million,
was expended on the professor’s ex-
periments,” I put in.

   “ I know,” Brinckley answered.

  “ You know! ” exclaimed Worthing-
ton in surprise. “ What do you mean ? ”
The money magnate smiled.

  “ We made it our business to find
out,” he responded.

   “ Now for my proposition,” he add-
ed. “If the banks holding your secu-
rities against loans relinquished these
securities for a nominal consideration,
and if, in addition, I should guarantee
you the payment of two hundred thou-
sand dollars cash, would you relinquish
your claim to that cube of Id ? ”
Worthington hesitated.

  “ I don’t see why you should want
-it;” he answered at length.

   Brinckley smiled again.

   “ In my leisure moments I am some-
thing of a scientist myself,” he re-
sponded. “ But the whole scientific
world is going to be intensely interest-
ed in that new element.”

   “ It is the only true element, accord-
ing to my uncle’s theories,” said
Worthington.

  “ That may be true,” the banker
conceded. “ At any rate, I want to
buy it as a gift to the nation. It is my
idea of unique philanthropy.”

  There was another pause while my
friend considered.

   “ I shall accept your terms,” he said
at last. “ Only,” he added whimsical-
ly, “ you must accept delivery on the
spot where the Id lies. I refuse to pay
transportation charges.”

  “ That is entirely satisfactory,”
Brinckley answered. “ If you have pen
and paper, we may as well sign a for-
mal agreement now. Mr. Morton is an
attorney and notary public, I believe.
He can draw up and attest the docu-
ment.”

  “ Your uncle made a wise invest-
ment of your fortune, after all,” I re-
marked when Brinckley had gone,
bearing with him the agreement that
surrendered to him possession of the

only piece of Id in the world. The few
tiny particles that had been scattered
in the explosion that totally destroyed
the professor’s laboratory need hardly
be taken into consideration, as they
certainly never would be found.

  “Yes, he did!” exclaimed Worth-
ington, his eye lighting up as it rested
on the check the banker had left in his
hand.

  “ Two hundred thousand,” he mut-
tered— “and more to come. Now I
can go to E—”

  He stopped and looked frowningly
at me. I met his gaze squarely.

  “ I think we’d better go to bed and
try to get some sleep,” I suggested.

  But before we went to our respect-
ive rooms he placed a hand on my
shoulder.

  “ This will make no difference,” he
said. “ We shall tell her nothing about
the money—till after.”

  Recognizing his exceptionally gen-
erous proposition as such, I shook him
warmly by the hand.

  Brinckley must have seen to it per-
sonally that his orders were carried
out, for when I got up about eight
o’clock and looked into the street, al-
ready much had been accomplished.
The hole in the sidewalk had been wi-
dened, and workmen were busy repair-
ing the broken gas and water pipes and
wires, deflecting their course so as to
leave clear space where the cube o^ Id
lay.

  A wooden barricade had been erect-
ed about the pit, and the street at either
end of the block had been “ closed for
repairs.” Two policemen at either end
saw to it that only residents and trades-
men shoidd pass.

  It was amusing to watch these, and
the workmen who came and went. As
a person approached the hole beneath
our window, his body would be inclined
backward, as if he were going down a
steep hill, while one walking away
would be bent forward as if climbing.
The effect on a street that is almost level
was ludicrous in the extreme.
FALSE FORTUNES.

219

  And this state of affairs continued •
for several days, for the problem of
removing a three - inch cube that
weighs well over forty tons is not easy
of solution. Some of the engineers
consulted suggested boring under the
Id and slipping a steel girder into place
beneath it; but no one could solve the
problem of supplying a girder capable
of being manipulated in this way
strong enough to support such an enor-
mous weight over an area of nine
square inches. Besides, there was no
means of getting such a girder into
place.

  When Worthington was called into
consultation, he recalled that, in deal-
ing with a smaller piece of Id, the
professor had used an electro-magnetic
crane—to release our pocket knives, the
reader will remember.

  The difficulty here presented was
that no such crane capable of raising a
concentrated load of over forty tons
had as yet been designed. One firm of
engineers, however, undertook to con-
struct one, and when it arrived rails
had to be specially laid to carry it
through the streets.

  Powerful as was this gigantic en-
gine, it broke under the strain put on
it as soon as the powerful current was
turned on; but this preliminary failure
told the experts where additional
strength was required, and the engine
was made more powerful where neces-
sary. The second trial was a success,
and the mysterious cube was cautiously
raised from its resting-place.

  With the huge magnet that had
raised it, it was covered with sacking,
and the whole was conveyed over the
temporary rails across town to the
nearest siding.

CHAPTER XIX.

CONCLUSION.

  A month later it was before we
learned through Brinckley what had
become of the cube of Id. A disused
powder magazine on government land

near Annapolis had had its founda-
tions strengthened, and there the block
of Id was deposited.

  Two hundred yards from the maga-
zine itself a strong fence was erected,
and the barrier was guarded night and
day by United States soldiery. Worth-
ington expressed a desire to see it at
close range, and the Navy Department
readily granted the request.

  I was to accompany him, and took
on myself the responsibility of inviting
Edith and her girl friend to meet us.
Milly French’s family was still with her
uncle at Washington. I felt that she,
too, had a right to behold the result of
her uncle’s years of labor.

  A hoary-headed scientist attached to
the National Museum at Washington
provided passes and volunteered to con-
duct us. He undertook to convey us
out to the magazine in his own auto-
mobile from the capitol.

  Worthington was more than sur-
prised to see Edith. His face flushed,
and he glared at me bale fully. The
girl was distant with him, but seemed
to share the pleasure I got from seeing
her again, and my hopes rose high.

  Her attitude toward her cousin was
the reaction from the change in his
manner toward her after their uncle’s
death, I divined.

  “ Some time to-day I shall make an
opportunity to speak,” I decided.

  Worthington was almost rude to
Edith’s friend, which was decidedly
boorish of him, for I found her a
charming girl. He turned to Professor
Bilkins, our guide.

  “ Why was such an out-of-the-way
spot chosen to deposit our scientific
curiosity?” he asked.

  " Think, my dear sir,” the scientist
answered, “ what would happen if that
substance should suddenly disinte-
grate! You it was, I understand, who
aptly termed the process that brought
it into existence in its present form an
inplosion. Suppose that process were
to be reversed. What a terrific ex-
plosion that would cause—the sudden
expansion of twenty tons of a solid,
223

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

so dense that it now occupies just
twenty-seven cubic inches of space,
perhaps into a gas rarer than any yet
known to science.”

  “Um! that’s true,” said Worthing-
ton. “ I suppose none of your dis-
tinguished fellow scientists has tried
anything that might cause such an ex-
plosion ? ”

  “ Heaven forbid! ” he exclaimed
fervently. “ But hundreds of scien-
tists have looked and marveled, risk-
ing the possibility of its going off
spontaneously. Even now there are
deputations on the way to this country
from all the capitals of the civilized
world, specially sent by the learned
bodies to which the members belong,
merely to see what has been described
and wildly speculated about in our own
current scientific literature.”

  “ Why don’t you experiment with a
chip of it? ” I suggested.

  Professor Bilkins eyed me with the
utmost commiseration.

  “ Young man,” he said, “ I advise
you to take up the study of elementary
physics. The extraordinary density
of the substance which our dis-
tinguished and late lamented fellow
scientist. Professor Julian Erasmus
Bull, has called Id, gives a hardness
that nothing else known approaches.
A diamond does not so much as
scratch its surface. With what, then,
would we attempt to chip it ? ”

  I subsided; but smiled into Edith
Deering’s eyes.

  “ Your uncle is gladly hailed * our
distinguished fellow scientist,’ where,
formerly, he was all but ignored,” I
said.

  The girl sighed, and the tears
glistened on her lashes. I regretted
my words.

  Great was the amusement of the
girls as we approached the magazine.
As we passed through the gates there
were the sentinels, posed in absurd at-
titudes, caused by the modification in
the center of gravity induced by the
near presence of Id.

  We in turn had to adjust ourselves
to the change, while the chauffeur,
who evidently had been there before,
clapped on his brakes as if going
down-hill, which, to all intents and
purposes, he was. He had the sense,
too, not to approach too near the maga-
zine, because if once the metal parts
of the car had come within the mag-
netic field of the cube of Id, the ma-
chine would probably have been drawn
against the wall of the building and
held there indefinitely.

  We got out and walked the rest of
the way, having left in the car every-
thing in our possession subject to mag-
netic attraction.

  The sensation of going down-hill on
level ground set the girls off into peals
of laughter, which rather annoyed the
grave Professor Bilkins. Their natu-
ral buoyancy was hushed to a certain
degree of awe, however, when we
gazed at close range upon the “ great-
est scientific discovery of any age,” as
our conductor grandiloquently de-
scribed it.

  The three-inch cube rested on a bed
of solid granite below the level of the
floor. I noted again the peculiar effect
of translucence, though, as stated in
an earlier chapter, the substance was
-absolutely opaque.

  The same rose-tinted flame, ap-
parently undulating constantly, that I
had observed through the professor’s
magnifying-glass when we examined
the smaller morsels of Id, was now
evident to the naked eye. Neverthe-
less, Worthington produced a strong
glass he had brought with him.

  “ Oh, let me, please! ” cried Edith
Deering, eager as a spoiled child.

  Worthington relinquished the glass
and the girl bent over the cube, close
to which we stood.

  She gasped and changed color. The
magnifier dropped from her fingers
and she looked up, her eyes round and
her cheeks gone suddenly white.

  “ There’s—there’s a man in there,”
she cried hoarsely.

  On impulse I picked up the glass
FALSE FORTUNES.

221

and studied the spot she had been ex-
amining, while the others leaned for-
ward tensely.

  “ That is a curious feature of the
formation that has been observed,”
remarked Professor Bilkins in a mon-
otonous, dry-as-dust tone.

  With growing fascination I studied
the face in the cube. There could be
no mistake, it was the face of a man.

  The eyes were wide open, and, as I
looked, I could have sworn I saw a
flicker of recognition in them.

  “ Rupert Reaves! ” I muttered
hoarsely. “ His soul as well as his
body is imprisoned there! ”

  “ Oh—Cousin Frank! ” came a wail
of horror from Edith.

  My heart sank. Hope died within
me. It was toward Worthington she
turned in her moment of emotional
upheaval, when all restraint was
thrown aside. The next moment he
was supporting her in his arms.

  His eyes passed over her bent head
and sought mine. Their expression
was mixed—friendliness, commisera-
tion, and triumph, and something else
deeper than any of these. But it was
not for me, that last.

  I took the shocked Professor Bil-
kins by the sleeve and gave my other
arm to Milly French, who, knowing
nothing of Rupert Reaves and the
tragedy that' had imprisoned him in
that curious cube of Id, was merely
bewildered by the sudden turn events
had taken.

  “ Come,” I said, “ let us return to
the car.”

  In a few minutes Worthington and
Edith followed us. Heedless of the
others, my friend took my hand.

  “ Jim,” he said, “ we both want you
to be best man! ”

  I hesitated. I was deeply wounded
in my heart, and in my pride, and it
was with difficulty I refrained from
showing it.

  “ Oh, please say yes,” Edith pleaded.

  I looked into her eyes and could
have refused her nothing.

  “ I will,” I answered fervently, as I
clasped their hands.

  “ And may you both be as happy as
you deserve to be,” I added.

  “ Thanks, Jimmy,” Edith mur-
mured, her eyes glistening.

  She gave my hand a warm pressure,
then turned to Milly French.

  “ Forgive me for not speaking first,”
she said, “ but I know it goes without
saying you will be my bridesmaid,
dear,” she said sweetly.

  “ Why, of course it does,” said
Milly warmly, and hugged her chum
ecstatically.

  “ And where do I come in ? ” asked
Professor Bilkins jocularly, entering
into the spirit of the occasion.

  “ The very thing,” cried Edith joy-
ously. “ You shall give away the
bride! Oh, do say you will.”

  “ Indeed it will be an honor, my
dear young lady,” he gravely agreed,
“ to represent your late uncle, our dis-
tinguished fellow scientist, on so mo-
mentous an occasion.”

  As we drove back to Washington
Edith leaned toward me in the ton-
neau.

  “ You know what is expected of the
best man and the bridesmaid,” she
whispered mischievously.

  “ Here—you two have got to stop
having whispered confabs,” Worth-
ington jokingly admonished.

  Edith tossed her head disdainfully,
and I grinned into his face. Then I
stole a glance at Edith’s chum, sitting
demurely beside me.

  “By Jove! I might do a lot worse
than Milly,” was my inward decision.

  “ Give me time,” I whispered to
Edith.

  “Just a month,” she answered
blushingly. “ Frank wouldn’t hear of
waiting a day longer.”

  Worthington had overheard that
last remark, and his boyish face radi-
ated joy and good humor.

  He passed an arm furtively about
the girl’s waist, and she nestled closer
to him.
 The Editor’s Desk

DOUBTLESS a good many of you will wonder why I am making ar-
rangements to get married in May instead of June. But, after all, when
two personalities feel that they are indispensable to each other it is in-
advisable to delay the alliance. And, moreover, who can resist a Cavalier?
Obviously, having a heart and a sentimental tendency, there is no reason
why I should not receive an offer of marriage from one whose social standing
is quite equal to my own and whose future is assured.

    Both The Cavalier and myself have long moved in the best intellectual
society, and it is natural that, having come so frequently in contact, both hav-
ing the same high ideals, both loving the same pastimes and enjoying the
same recreations, to say nothing of the fact that we have long cultivated
the same friends, we should unite and work out the full purposes of our
lives hand in hand.

    Therefore, my friends, I shall marry The Cavalier on the 16th of May.
Hereafter we shall spend Our week-ends with you, so prepare for our arrival
Wednesday or Thursday, as the case may be. All we want is a little corner
in your library by the old reading-lamp or in the hammock on your veranda.

    We give always more than we receive. We will make your life happier.
.We will spread sunshine and contentment wherever we go, and as long as
you live we will be yovir two favorite weekly visitors.

    I refer to us as two, but as a matter of fact we are only one—a con-
dition brought about through the perfect merging of two perfect entities. And
so, as I said before, on the 16th of May we will take our handicap on the June
brides and bridegrooms, and make this job complete.

    I dare anybody to forbid the banns.

    Seriously, however, this amalgamation is. the most important step in our
mutual lives. The result will be a better, bigger, more comprehensive maga-
zine, and instead of having our weekly house-warmings in different parts of
the town, we will have them together, and all our friends can meet us at one
central meeting-place instead of two. We are going to entertain more lav-
ishly than ever this winter, have a greater variety of courses at each meal,,
and only the most celebrated artists will be employed to amuse our guests.

    In the back of this number of the Ael-Story Weekly you will find
two serial stories from The Cavalier. Another one starts in the issue of
the 9th, which makes three altogether. In both the All-Story Weekly and
The Cavalier there will be a sum total of six serial stories. These will be
carried over simultaneously on the 16th, in which number they will be brought
to a close, after which the All-Story Weekly and The Cavalier will appear
as one inseparable, indivisible, complete, whole, he«lthy magazine.

     Tell your friends about it, give us your support, stand by us, and we will
all be happy forever afterward.

Anybody who has seen Lorado
Taft’s statue of the American Indian,
arms folded, gazing fearlessly over the
countryside where he once ambushed

222

 the paleface and held his nightly vigils
 by the light of the roaring camp-fire,
 or, dancing around to the melancholy
 throbs of a hollow log drum, worked
THE EDITOR’S DESK.

223

himself into a frenzy to kill his savage
^foeman, will like

RED WAMPUM

by J. Earl Clauson, which appears in
the All-Story next week.

  Here he will meet the primitive red-
skin, stripped to the waist and covered
with beads and scalps. Here he will
glimpse rough New England villages
and Indian encampments, vivid pictures
of such old historical personages as
Roger Williams and King Philip’s
lieutenants. The London of Charles
II’s time and his riotous court will be
held up for his minute survey; trappers
and dice-throwers and duelists will
pass before his mind’s eye.

  And La Belle Coloniale, the charm-
ing half-American, half-English girl,
and the heroine of Mr. Clauson’s
story, will curtsy and extend her hand
to be kissed. A real American story
is Mr. Clauson’s, breathing the spell
of the forest and bristling with the
terrors of the trails. Like “ THE
GATES OF THE WEST,” whose
last instalment appeared a week or so
ago, it has a distinctly patriotic appeal.

  The new serial,

THE MINGLING OF
THE WATERS

which starts next week, was originally
announced for April 25; but, for one
reason or another, we were unable to
publish it at that time.

  The story is at last forthcoming. We
needn’t expatiate upon its merits, see-
ing that we have already done so in the
All-Story Weekly of April 25. We
will say that Mr. Hamby has written
a delightful story about a young man
who is a good business man and a good
lover, and a young woman who isn’t
certain whether she is merely a back-
woods girl or a society belle—until she
falls in love.

  Then she finds out, and the manner
in which she does it makes an interest-
ing tale.

Mad at the Mad Kine

                Independence, Oregon.
The All-Story Weekly.

Dear Old All-Story:

  I am writing to let you know how very
much peeved I am at the way Edgar Rice
Burroughs ended his story “The Mad
King.” It seems to be Mr. Burroughs’s
delight to give all of his stories a very in-
sipid ending and to give his heroes the
worst of the deal.

  In the story “ The Mad King,” he sends
the American home without the girl he
loves when he could have done as his father
did, namely, to elope with the Princess
Emma.

  It was a shame for Custer to leave the
country without Emma, as he knew that
she had refused the king’s offer of his
crown. It seems to me that Mr. Burroughs
could have let the hero take his lady-love
with him instead of leaving her to pine
away in what we presume was solitude and
tears all of her days.

  Let us hope Mr. Burroughs will change
his style of ending his stories and not dis-
appoint us any more, as he is a good au-
thor when he tries to give a good ending
to his stories.

R. O. C.

An American Kine

                  Savannah, Georgia.
Editor, The All-Story,

     New York, N. Y.

Dear Sir:

  I have just finished reading “ The Mad
King ”; it was sure some story, but the end
was on the hog.

  I would like to know if Mr. E. R. Bur-
roughs is going to continue it and make
the American king.

  Hoping to receive an answer in the form
of a good, ripping story, I am,

R. A. M.

After the Portcullis

               Brooklyn, New York.
My dear Mr. Editor:

  Considering that ma femme ct moi gob-
bled Mr. Burroughs’s “ Mad King ” at a
sitting, it couldn’t have been half bad,
even if Hawkins did write it first, and it’s
a dirty, Hibernian trick to enjoy a man’s
work and then knock him, but we have a
“ Horse on Burroughs ” — or rather, an-
other tiger.
224

ALL-STORY WEEKLY.

  Not once only, but a round half-dozen
times did Mr. Burroughs insist that a port-
cullis was something that could be walked
on, stood upon, rolled over on, and gen-
erally danced a jig upon, just like the more
common, ordinary, comparatively unpic-
turesque word “ drawbridge ” might be ;
but not so—not so.

  As Mr. B. may by chance write another
story some time dealing in castles, old or
new, let him scan the pages of his un-
abridged and learn that a portcullis is a
barred grating that does a sort of guil-
lotinelike drop through perpendicular
grooves in the side of the arched entrance
to which the drawbridge leads, and blocks
the gateway for ingress or egress.

  You remember our boyhood-friend Mar-
mion had a close scrape from being eel-
speared on one—

“To pass he had such scanty room
The bars, descending, grazed his plume—”

   “ Bar ’’-ring this little insistent slip, and
the usual Burroughsian run of horse-luck
by which his heroes are always “ Johnny
on the Spot ” at the psychic moment when
the villain does a monologue act and re-
hearses his plans in full, or some such con-
siderate attention occupies him — we en-
joyed the tale to the full.

Cordially, H. M. E.

A Wise Englishman

                  Winnipeg, Canada.
Editor, The All-Story Magazine:

  I have just completed'reading your All-
Story Weekly of March 14, and I must
say right here that it was the best book of
yarns I have read this side of the water.
About two months ago I quit reading a
certain American book which I had been
reading for four months.

  Well, I absolutely got fed right up to
my neck with disgust, as in nearly every
number there appeared a tale wherein the
Englishman was a fool and always the
American was a wise man. Well, sir, as^I
said, I got fed up, and so I had to send to
the old country for my reading matter.

  A fellow told me (an Englishman also)
to try the All-Story, and the first tale I
read was a spanking fine yarn of London,
England, entitled “ Midnight in Wimble-
don Terrace.” And, believe me, I was
really sorry when I had finished the tale.
It was a tale, too.

  There was no silly rot about the English
fool and the American wise man. I guess
it’s only natural in an American book, but,
hang it all, why the dickens can’t they
write the same sort of yarns as your “ Mid-
night in Wimbledon Terrace.”

   I will finish now, trusting that your book
gets the success it really deserves. I as-
sure you I will buy it every week.

   Trusting I can read your All-Story for
a good, long time to come,

Yours very truly,

                             A. E. M.

Another Weekly Fan

              Grand Rapids, Michigan.
Editor, The All-Story Magazine:

   I have often wanted to write and tell
you how I enjoy your magazine. I think
Mr. Burroughs is the best writer you have.
I also like Mr. Clauson for his work in
“ The Outsider.” I bought a copy of it
and think it is the best story I ever read.

   “ Tarzan of the Apes ” is a very good
story, so are “The Brain Blight,” “The
Cave Girl,” “The Woman of the Pyra-
mid,” “ Barstow’s Wife,” “ A Man With-
out a Soul,” “ The House of Sorcery,”
“ The Copper Princess,” and “ The Eternal
Lover.”

   I am not a subscriber for reasons that I
travel a good deal, and change my address
often, but I do not miss a copy. Now that
it will be a weekly I will like it all the bet-
ter, because I could hardly wait till I got
one, I enjoy it so much.

   Hoping for more stories like “ The Out-
sider,” I remain,

                                 A. P.

A Correspondence Club

               Brooklyn, New York.
To the Editor, A.-S. W.

Dear Sir:

  Through an introduction in the All-
Story Magazine my cousin and I have
been corresponding with a young gentle-
man in England. Now we wish to have
others among our number and to form an
All-Story Correspondence Club to ex-
change opinions on our stories in the A.-S.
W.

   Can we ask you to publish this letter
with the following names and addresses:
Harry J. Marx, 1244 Bushwick Avenue,
Brooklyn, New York.

   Fred R. Sauer, 599 Central Avenue,
      Brooklyn, New York.

Charles Gregory, 551 Liverpool Street,
Seedley, Manchester, England.

  We are three young men, average7 21
years of age, and would enjoy correspond-
ing with any reader of the A.-S. in differ-
ent parts of the world. Appreciating any-
thing you may do to forward our plans, I
remain,

                 Sincerely,

                               H. J. M.
This story begins this week in THE CAVALIER. Our reason for carrying it in the
ALL-STORY WEEKLY is that you may have the opening chapters, and thus be able to go on
with it when the ALL-STORY and THE CAVALIER are combined with the May 16th issue.

 THE GRAND GETAWAY

BY A. H. C. MITCHELL

CHAPTER I.

THE SOUVENIR STICKPINS.

ON May 25 George Benjamin
Carteret and James Benjamin
Carteret, twins, were win-
ning a ball game for their
alma mater in a small New England
town.

  These two young men, in their
senior year, formed one of the most
remarkable batteries that ever graced
a college diamond, for this, cogent
reason: Both could pitch or catch
equally well, and it was their habit to
shift positions in a game whenever
they felt like it, or the exigencies of
the particular case seemed to require.

  The game was important, from an
undergraduate standpoint, and the
twins had covered theVnselves with
dust and glory. George Carteret had
just scored at the end of the eighth
when his brother pushed a single to
right. He was at the water-tanks
when a messenger handed him a tele-
gram. Tearing it open with sweating
fingers he read:

  Your father died suddenly this
morning. Come at once.

  The telegram was dated from San
Francisco, and signed by their father’s
attorney.

  That night the Carteret twins left
for San Francisco.

  The twins were fine, upstanding
fellows, approaching their twenty-
third year. Each was exactly six feet,
one-half inch tall, and the beam quiv-
ered at 190 whenever either one of
them stepped on the scales after a
shower-bath. For three years they
had been the main battery of their
college nine, and for three years they
had played guard on the eleven. They
were clever boxers.

  In addition to their triumphs afield,
the twins wrote, composed, rehearsed
and produced the annual college
scream. They were, in fact, remarka-
bly clever musicians.

  Their family affairs always had
been most peculiar. On the death of
their mother during their infancy,
they had been placed in the care of an
aunt who lived near Boston. Their
father’s home always had been in
California, and they saw him only on
his infrequent visits East. But he al-
ways had been generous with them,
and they believed him to be fairly well
off.

  Speeding westward, in answer to
the telegram, gloom upon their souls,
the thought of an adventure, however
mild, was far from the minds of the
Carteret twins. But at Omaha they
met their adventure, which didn’t
amount to much, certainly, yet months
later they had reason to thank their
lucky stars that they had taken part
in it.

  Killing an hour’s time in making
connections, they watched g. through
train roll in from the west. The
colored porters descended and placed
their little footstools on the ground.
From one of the coaches came two
young women, hand in hand, laughing
gaily. The first stepped lightly to the
trad: level, but the other, ignoring the
porter’s outstretched hand, jumped
from the last step, turned an ankle and
crumpled to the ground.

  The Carteret twins were not ten
feet distant when it happened. In an
instant they were assisting her to
arise. She smiled faintly.

 “How stupid of me. Thank you
both very much,” she said. “ I’ll be
all right as soon as I stop seeing stars.

A 1,1,-STORY—15

1
2	THE GRAND GETAWAY.

I guess I’d better get back on the train.
Eaith, where’s father ? ”

  “ In the smoking compartment play-
ing cards, I suppose,” returned the
other girl. It was easy to see they
were sisters. The first attempted to
walk, wavered and clutched wildly at
the young men.

  “Why, I’m helpless, and I can feel
my ankle swelling, and it hurts aw-
fully ! ” she complained, half between
a laugh and a cry.

  The twins made a simultaneous
movement, but George, on the left,
was in the better position. He slipped
one arm around her waist, the other
around her knees, and lifted her from
the ground as though she were a little
child.

  “ Only one thing to be done,” he
said, stepping aboard the train.
“What section, please?”

  “ The drawing-room, right here.
Thank you so much. I’m an awful
bother,” said the injured girl.

  George placed her on the couch and
arranged a pillow under her head as
the other girl crowded into the state-
room with his brother.

  “ Now, I’m the family doctor here,”
said George with businesslike author-
ity, “ and you will all obey orders on
pain of death. Jim, we’ve got fifteen
minutes to spare. Run out and get a
paper bucket, fill it a third full of
water, and put a chunk of ice in it.
And, say, Jim, a small bottle of arnica.

  “ Now, when he gets back,” turning
to the other young woman, “ take off
her shoe and stocking—wait, I’ll take
her shoe off now while I’m about it—
take off her stocking and plump her
foot right in the cold water and let it
stay there for an hour. Get some
more ice from-the porter when the
first piece melts. Bandage the foot in
arnica and don’t let her try to walk
to the dining-car. The main thing is
to keep the ankle quiet.”

  “You talk like a regular doctor.
Are you one ? ” asked the other girl.

  “No, but I know all about sprained
ankles.”

  “Well, it’s awfully kind of you, and
I will follow directions to the letter.
Does it hurt much now, Helen ? ”

  “ The pain is a little easier, but the
ankle burns like a coal of fire,” replied
the girl on the couch. “ You men cer-
tainly work fast.”

  Jim was back quickly, and after
George had repeated instructions they

started to go, but Helen beckoned
George to her side. As he stooped
over her and held out his hand she
drew a stickpin from the dinky little
four-in-hand she wore and fastened it
in his tie.

  “ It was so kind of you to take all
this trouble,” she said in a low voice,
“ and I want you to have this pin to
remember us by. Edith, don’t be so
stingy.” But the other girl’s hand was
already taking the pin from her tie,
and she smilingly placed it in the black
cravat worn by Jim.

  Half an hour later the twins were
rolling westward once more. They
had lighted cigarettes in the smoking
compartment before either spoke.
Then George said:

  “ That Helen is a mighty pretty
girl.”

  “ She hasn’t got anything on
Edith,” replied Jim.

CHAPTER II.

  THE VOICE THROUGH THE WALL.

P ARLY in June there appeared in
San Francisco a well-dressed,
slightly built man of thirty, seeking
whom he might financially devour. He
was a get-rich-quick operator, not of
the rapid-fire, flimflam variety, but
rather of the old school which usually
works silently, alone and at night.

  He had a string of aliases as long
as the pedigree of a prize-winning
Jersey bull, but he used none of them in
undertaking the adventure unfolded in
this narrative. Instead, he picked out
what he considered a fancy, yet con-
servative, name — Archibald Norval
Hemenway, arid Mr. Hemenway was
the possessor of seven hundred and
fifteen dollars. He counted his money
over carefully and then delivered to
himself the following ultimatum:
“Archie, you’ll live on a hundred a
month, and if you don’t make a strike
before the roll’s gone you’ll quit the
business.”

  From the city directory he made a
list of certain places he had in 'mind,
and spent the rest of the day looking
up every address on his list. Finally
he checked off one that seemed to suit
his fancy. Next he selected a quiet
little room in a quiet house in a quiet
street and had his trunk sent there.

  In the morning he went back to the
address he had checked off and hired
THE GRAND GETAWAY.

an office, signing a year’s lease without
hesitancy. The building where he had
located was some distance from the
center of the business district. It was
on a corner, and the ground floor was
occupied by a small bank, while the
rooms above were mostly taken by
real estate men active in that neigh-
borhood.

  Hemenway bought a cheap rug that
all but covered the floor of his office,
and on it he placed a flat top desk
with side drawers. Around the room
he strung several cheap pine tables,
and on the tables he scattered a num-
ber of useless blue prints.

  In short, he arranged his office with
a view of impressing the casual visitor
with the idea that he was a man of
business. As a matter of fact, these
things, with the possible exception of
the rug, had nothing whatever to do
with the affair that he had in mind.

  This done, he called in the janitor
of the building and said:

  “ This is my workshop and I don’t
want any of these things disturbed. I
don’t even want my office swept or
dusted. I don’t care anything about
the appearance of this room, as none
of my business friends come to see
me. I go to see them.

  “When the room gets too dirty for
comfort I’ll let you know and we’ll
clean up. So don’t disturb anything,
and here’s a couple of dollars so you
won’t forget it.”

  Hemenway immediately established
the custom of leaving his office at
eleven o’clock every morning, return-
ing at night for work. For a while
this work consisted principally in ma-
king a lot of figures on many sheets
of paper. This gave him an oppor-
tunity of thinking out certain details
of his proposed operation. At times he
.hought aloud, always ‘irmly pressing
the left pedal, something like this:

  “I can see right now this job will
be a pipe. I can round it up in jig
time, but the getaway bothers me. It
would be the easiest kind of a cinch if
I was working with a gang, but that
kind of working doesn’t suit little
Willie. Some one always gets nabbed
and some one always squeals. Besides,
you have to divvy with a gang.

  “ No, sir, I’ll stick to first prin-
ciples; whole hog or none with me.
They may get me some time, but they
haven’t got me yet. If I can make
my getaway on this job I’ll be fixed

for life. But the getaway—the get-
away—” and so his thoughts ran on.

  He cogitated over plan after plan,
only to cast them aside one after the
other as unavailable. He pondered in
his office, on the street, and in his bed
at night until the thing began to get
on his nerves. Suddenly there came
a solution of his problem from a most
unexpected quarter.

  The day after the funeral of their
father the Carteret twins found them-
selves in the office of the lawyer who
had sent the telegram calling them
to San Francisco. From him they
learned that their father had lived up
to the handle all his life and had left
hardly enough to pay his debts.

  It was necessary for the young men
to find means of support without de-
lay. Strangers in a strange land, they
had never felt more helpless in their
lives. Their college baseball fame had
spread to the coast, and if they had
only realized it they could have signed
up with a ball club in jig time at good
money. But the idea never occurred
to them.

  It was quite by accident that they
stumbled on a new theater upon which
workmen were putting the finishing
touches. There were many indica-
tions that it was to be far from a first-
class house. Flaring three-sheets an-
nounced that it was to be a continuous
vaudeville, and that the opening was
fixed for three days hence.

  Taking a dying chance, they sought
the manager and applied for a job as
piano players. Considerably to their
surprise they got it. It took them
about three minutes to demonstrate
their ability, and about three more to
make a deal with the manager, who
was hard pressed.

  The twins signed for twenty-one
dollars apiece a week. It was to be
watch and watch, twelve hour a day,
from eleven to eleven. They promised
themselves this would do very well
until they got their heads above water.
They hired a room up-town, but had
hardly settled down before they found
themselves on the eve of a strange ad-
venture.

  With his face in the soap suds one
morning it suddenly occurred to the
Jim twin that they might do something
in the musical line and make some
money out of it. He mentioned the
fact to his brother.
4	THE GRAND GETAWAY.

  “ All right, I’m game,” said George.

“ Spiel away.”

  “ I’ll confess I can’t come across
right on the spur of the moment,” re-
plied Jim. “ Give me a little time and
I’ll hand you something.”

  It was Jim’s late trick that night,
and when he reached home George
was peacefully sleeping. Tearing oft'
the bedclothes, he shook George by
the shoulders.

 “Wake up!” he cried; “I got
yer. Arabian Nights, Barber’s fifth
brother. Never been touched. Great
stuff. Guy has a bag full of silver—”
George held up one hand, while he
rubbed his eyes with the other.

  “Just a moment, just a moment,
Mr. Alfred Jingle. You seem very
much perturbed. Now that you’ve got
me awake ”—he reached for a ciga-
rette—“you might let me know what
you are driving at.”

  “Why, the comic opera!” exclaimed
Jim with great animation. “ I’ve got
the whole scheme all laid out. Listen
to this.”

  Forthwith he unfolded a scenario.
As he warmed to his subject he punc-
tuated his talk with a step or two and
with ta-ra-ra music where he thought
it would do the most good. George
consumed four cigarettes while Jim
held forth. When the curtain finally
fell, amid deafening applause—on the
part of Jim—his brother said:

  “ Very good. It listens all right,
Jim, and I’m perfectly willing to trail
along with you, but, my dear boy, it
takes time to do this thing properly.
Where could we find time with both of
us busy, you might say, from eleven to
eleven, seven days a week ? ”

  “We found time in college, didn’t
we ? ”

  “ That was an amateur stunt. This
is a different proposition altogether.
It takes time and care to put such a
thing in shape to sell for real money.
Why, we couldn’t do the thing proper-
ly unless we were off by ourselves for
six months, at the very least.”

  Jim’s face fell forty degrees. “ I
guess you are right,” he said. “ If we
only had money enough to chuck this
job and go at the thing right, we could
deliver the goods. You know we
could. How are you fixed? It's a
foolish question! ”

  “ About a hundred and ten,” said
George.

  “ Same here. Gee! if we only had a

little schooner we could beat it to the
South Sea Islands. I guess every time
a man wants to write a comic opera
he thinks of the South Sea Islands.
There’s a feeling that one could lay
off there and just loll ’round and turn
out the finest kind of stuff. You know
I would take a chance of handling a
schooner alone—we two—but what’s
the use of talking, we ain’t got no
boat, as the fellow said.”

  “ And we ain’t got no money,” said
George.

  There was a pause. Then, appar-
ently from nowhere, came a voice.

  “ Can you navigate ? ” asked the
voice very clearly and very distinctly.

  The twins looked at each other.
“We can,” both answered together.

  “Wait a minute,” said the voice.
Ten seconds later there came a knock
on the door, and there entered, in
bathrobe and slippers, Mr. Archibald
Norval Hemenway.

CHAPTER III.

A DREAM COMES TRUE.

X-TEMENWAY introduced himself
without delay, and in turn the
twins made themselves known to him.
The newcomer glanced around the
room.

  There were half a dozen baseballs,
gilded and inscribed, trophies of the
college diamond. There were an old
football, several flags, a few rugs, and
seven or eight sofa-pillows slung
around the room in that devil-may-
care way called artistic.

  The newcomer declined a cigarette,
but accepted a chair. George, in his
pajamas, on the edge of his bed, and
Jim, in his shirt sleeves, apologized
for their appearance.

  “I owe the apologies for this mid-
night visit in this unconventional cos-
tume,” replied Hemenway. “ As you
might have guessed, I occupy the next
room to you, and through that con-
necting door I couldn’t help listening
to that dress-rehearsal—in fact, you
woke me up.

  “ Now, please don’t say a word, I
was only half asleep, anyway. But,
speaking of your dress-rehearsal, it
was very interesting ”—he bowed and
smiled—“ and it ought to make a hit.
I ought to be a good judge, for I spent
a good many years knocking around
New York, and took in all the shows
THE GRAND GETAWAY,	5

visible to the naked eye. But I’m not
an impresario; therefore I cannot
offer you any advance royalties. How-
ever, if you care to listen to a proposi-
tion, I think I can help you in an in-
direct way. It may not appeal to you,”
and he looked at the twins inquiringly.

  “ Speaking for the firm, I think any
old proposition would appeal to us,”
said the Jim twin. “ Please go ahead
with it.”

  “ The whole thing hinges on your
knowledge of navigation,” continued
Hemenway. “ Did I understand you
to say you could navigate? Could you
sail a boat from here to—to Honolulu,
for example ? ”

  “ Sure,” replied George, “ either one
of us could do it.”

■ “ Not to be too inquisitive, may I
ask how you acquired this knowledge?
I don’t want to cast any reflections,
but you don’t look like deep-water
sailors.”

  “We don’t, that’s a fact,” acknowl-
edged Jim, examining the palms of his
hands, “ but we have had considerable
experience, just the same. We were
raised in the East and went to college
there. We were just crazy for the
water, and spent our vacations cruis-
ing around.

 “ One summer we went to the
Azores on a sailing vessel from Bos-
ton. Another year we went to the
West Indies. We spent three months
a year ago on a coasting schooner.
One of the first things we learned was
navigation. We know the ropes all
right. Now, what’s on your mind?”

  “ Well, the idea is just this,” replied
Hemenway, settling down in his chair.

  I’ve got to get away from here for
my health mighty soon. My doctor
tells me a long sea voyage is the very
best thing that could happen to me.
Stay away six months or a year, he
says.

  “ I’ve just been dreaming of the
South Sea Islands. Don’t know a
thing about ’em, but fancy they would
hit me right. I believe I will take a
cigarette if it kills me. My doctor
tells me to leave them alone, but I’m
getting excited—thanks— Now you
were talking about the South Sea
Islands a minute ago. I wasn’t trying
to listen, but you spoke rather loudly,
you know, and I just couldn’t help it.
Here’s the scheme:

  “ I must say right here that I’m not
John D. or J. Pierpont, but I'll tell you

what I can do. I can furnish a small
schooner and fit her out for a year,
but I cannot afford to pay wages to a
captain, bosun, or whatever you call
him, cook and crew for that length of
time. But if you will boss the job be-
tween you, I think we can dig up a
crew of young fellows, including my-
self, who would make the trip for the
fun of the thing.

  “ There must be a million islands
down there, to judge by the looks of
the map. We’ll just pick out a small
one and lay off there as long as you
like. You can have all the time to
write your stuff and no one will bother
you. As for me, I will be following
the doctor’s orders.

  “ There are many details yet to be
considered; I have simply given you
the outline of my scheme. Can it be
worked? If it can, it is up to you to
say if you care to go through with it.
How about you ? ”

  The answer came quick enough.
George rolled back on the bed and
kicked his heels in the air—a most un-
dignified action for a supposedly more
or less cultured college man. Jim
strode over to Hemenway and grasped
him by the hand.

  “ Mr. Hemenway, you have saved
our lives,” he said heartily. “ We will
throw up our positions, such as they
are, in a minute and take a chance
with you.; eh, George?”

  “ Bet your life! ” laughed George.
“ Say, Mr. Hemenway, how soon can
we pull up anchor ?

  “Well, Mr. Carteret, there’s the
trifling matter of getting a boat to be-
gin with, and then the equally trifling
matter of fitting her out. You ought
to know more about those things than
I do. The whole thing is sudden with
me, I assure you. It would never have
occurred if I hadn’t overheard your
talk to-night. Now, then, let’s go over
this matter calmly.”

  Hemenway was a clever talker and
the twins were very enthusiastic.
They discussed the scheme until day-
light began to show through the win-
dow curtains. At last Hemenway
rose to go, and this is what he said at
parting:

  “ Now, it is understood that I will
get the crew. It is also understood
that you are to say nothing of this
matter to a soul. I have hinted that
there are certain personal reasons for
my wishing to keep the thing quiet.
6	THE GRAND GETAWAY.

  “ I will arrange the whole business,
and all you have to do is to hold your-
selves in readiness to leave on short
notice. We are right handy to each
other here, and I will keep you posted
as to my progress. Good night! ”

CHAPTER IV.

AM, ABOUT ONE BANANA SKIN.

T-IEMENWAY was working on a
shoestring and his nerve. The
money he had with him was only a
flea-bite. His credit was no better
than a newsboy’s in a candy store. But
he had confidence that his ability,
which was quite remarkable in certain
directions, would carry him through.

  So, snatching a few hours’ sleep, he
dressed himself with great care and
was ready for a day’s work that would
test his ingenuity to the limit. From
his trunk he selected two letter-heads
and envelopes bearing the imprint of
the Hotel Belgrade, New York. These
he placed in his pocket and jumped on
a car headed down-town.

  On the way down he drew from his
pocket a newspaper clipping, and to
make sure he had not overlooked any-
thing reread the following:

 New York, June 2.—Mark Make-
piece Marriott and his daughters,
Edith and Helen, of San Francisco,
came within an ace of being left be-
hind when the Mauretania, on which
they had booked passage, sailed this
noon. They were the last passengers
to board the steamship, and they only
made connections after the hardest
kind of a sprint. It is doubtful if they
have yet recovered their wind.

  A banana skin caused all the trou-
ble. Said banana skin lay for twenty-
eight seconds on the edge of the
southeast corner of Broadway and
Forty-Second Street, and got in the
news of the day before the white-wing
responsible for the street cleanliness
of the immediate vicinity could gather
it into the receptacle provided for that
purpose by the city of New York.

  Mr. Marriott left his hotel to make
an eleventh-hour purchase this morn-
ing. At the aforesaid corner his left
foot slipped on the aforesaid banana
skin. His right foot immediately con-
nected with the anatomy of a large
negro, who jumped two feet in the air
and let out an ear-splitting yell.

  This scared a cab-horse from a
peaceful doze into a runaway. Before
the horse was bowled over by a pass-
ing automobile a block away there was
an incipient riot at Broadway and
Forty-Second, with Mr. Marriott the
storm-center. The blockade lasted
twenty minutes and tied up traffic for
a mile in every direction.

  Mr. Marriott and the negro, who
gave his name as George Jackson, of
Memphis, Tennessee, seemed to be the
handiest to arrest, and they were
taken to the police station in a patrol-
wagon. It required an hour of Mr.
Marriott’s time, the giving of his
pedigree and the display of his steam-
ship tickets before he was allowed to
depart.

  In the mean time his daughters were
nearly frantic. Mr. Marriott hustled
back to his hotel, and the three made
a dash for the steamship pier. Mr.
Marriott’s eleventh - hour purchase
was not made.

  In a paragraph under this despatch
was an explanatory note which said
that Marriott and his daughters had
closed their house and left San Fran-
cisco on May 25 for an extended
pleasure trip.

  Going to the office of the newspaper
which had printed this despatch, Hem-
enway asked for the Sunday editor,
and when the benign old gentleman
who presided over that department ap-
peared offered to give him the tip on
a fine “ story ” in a few, days, if in
return he might be allowed to examine
the clippings in the office relating to
Mark Makepiece Marriott. After
some parley the deal was made.

  “ I am a cousin of his,” explained
Hemenway. “ I am just from the
East and I want to see how he stands
out here.”

  An envelope containing about thirty
clippings relating to Marriott was
passed to Hemenway. Most of the
slips told about big land deals, but
Hemenway was able to learn these
facts: Marriott was a widower, about
fifty years old, and had two daughters,
Edith and Helen, nineteen and twenty-
one years of age, respectively.

  He had come from the East when
a young man, and had made a fortune,
speculating in timber lands. In the
envelope there was also a picture of
him, clipped from a lumber trade
journal.
THE GRAND GETAWAY.	7

  Hemenway then borrowed the use
of a typewriter over in the corner of
the room and, placing a Hotel Bel-
grade letter-head in the machine, la-
boriously wrote the following letter to
himself:

               New York, June i.
My dear Archie:

  I hope you arrived safely in San
Francisco, and that you will be suc-
cessful in your business undertaking.
When I return doubtless I will be
able, with my line of friends, to help
you not a little. I wish we could have
seen more of you here in New York,
but I realize that business is business.

  I have just received a long letter
from a business associate in Seattle
which knocks my plans for a pleasure
trip into a cocked-hat, but it is against
my nature to let a big pot of money
slip by, and I’m not going to do it,
either, and this leads up to something
I want you to do for me. It is an
important matter, so please get right
after it. I trust to your good judg-
ment. It is this:

  Charter or buy—if it looks like a
bargain—a small schooner yacht, suit-
able for cruising, say about seventy-
five feet long; well built, but nothing
fancy. I shall want to use her five or
six months this year and a whole lot
next season. Have her stocked with
a year's supplies and have her ready
to sail not later than July 15. The
girls have inveigled me into making a
short trip to the other side, but we’ll
not stay there more than two weeks.
I have already booked return passage,
and we will all be in San Francisco
again by July 15.

  You will find my credit is good in
San Francisco. Have any one you
deal with look me up in Bradstreet’s.
You O. K. the bills and they can have
their money as soon as I get back
home. If it becomes really necessary,
cable me, care Baring’s, London, and
I will arrange for cabling funds, but
I hardly think this will be necessary.
I would suggest that you buy every-
thing needed through one firm, if pos-
sible, after getting your estimates, of
course. This is sent off hurriedly, and
I am trusting to your good sense in all
the details.

  Of course, I want you to go along,
if you can arrange matters. The whole
thing is a business proposition, in
which I see a good deal of money. I’ll
not tell you the nature of it until I see

you, but I need the vessel to make cer-
tain investigations I couldn’t make
otherwise, unless I chartered a steam-
ship. Do your best on this. Tell any
people you deal with to keep my name
quiet.

  The girls send love, and hoping you
are well and happy, I remain,

Very sincerely your cousin,

M. M. Marriott.

  Hemenway used his fountain pen to
sign this letter, imitating as well as
he could a facsimile signature he
found among the clippings. He folded
the letter carefully and put it away.
He then drew another slip from his
pocket. It was an advertisement
clipped from a newspaper and read:

 FOR SALE—Schooner Yacht Run-
away, 71 feet o.a., 54 feet l.w.l; 16.5
feet beam, 7J^ feet draft. Extra
heavy construction; stateroom, saloon,
7 berths; commodious galley; fo’c’s’le
for four men. Unusually complete in-
ventory, mostly all new. Launch ten-
der, tows yacht four knots an hour.
Fine sea-boat and tight as a drum.
Cruised to Puget’s Sound last season.
Owner anxious to sell. Apply to my
agents, Anderson & Brownlow, ship-
chandlers.

  “ Fine name for that boat,” said
Hemenway to himself. “ Now, then,
if I can put this one over the trick is
as good as turned.”

CHAPTER V.

“ SHE LOOKS GOOD TO ME ! ”

ANDERSON & BROWNLOW
conducted an establishment on
the water-front. They also picked up
considerable loose change as yacht
brokers, and maintained up the bay a
basin for the laying-up of yachts not
in commission. Hemenway drove to
their office in a taxicab and got hold
of Anderson right away. Producing
the clipping he said:

“ Where is she and how much ? ”

  “ Up in the basin.” He whispered
the price in Hemenway’s ear as
though it was a particularly confi-
dential matter.

  “Let’s have a look at her.”

  “ Get aboard,” and Anderson indi-
cated a speed-launch that chafed
against a landing pier a short distance
8	THE GRAND GETAWAY.

away. Hemenway went all over the
yacht like a veterinary examining a
horse for soundness. On the return
trip he said:

  “ Well, Mr. Anderson, she looks
pretty good to me, but I’m no yachts-
man. I’ll get a friend of mine who
knows all about these things to look
her over, and if he says O. K., I will
consider the matter further. As a
matter of fact, I’m not buying for my-
self and want to be careful not to
make a mistake. Besides, I want to
look at some other vessels.”

  Anderson waited until they had tied
up the launch and then got down to
business.

  “ Who are you buying for ? ” he
asked.

  “A cousin of mine,” replied Hem-
enway, “ and you know how relatives
are. If you get the worst of it trying
to do them a favor they won’t speak
to you for a year.”

  “ What’s his name ? ”

  Hemenway hesitated. Then he said:
“ I might as well tell you, although
I’m not supposed to—Mark Marriott.
Know him ? ”

“ Know him! ” exclaimed Anderson
—“ I’ve known him for twenty years.”
“ You wouldn’t know him now,” re-
torted Hemenway, taking a chance;
“ he’s shaved off his whiskers.”

  “ He might lose his whiskers, but
he’ll never lose his money,” observed
the ship-chandler. Hemenway felt
easier.

  “ What does he want of a schooner-
yacht, anyway? He never went in for
those kind of things. Must be getting
gay in his old age,” continued Ander-
son.

  Hemenway allowed himself to scowl
slightly. He replied :

  “ I shouldn’t have mentioned his
name at all. Not that it makes any
difference to me personally, but he
doesn’t seem to want to have anything
said about it. I guess I overstepped
my orders.”

  Anderson hastened to square mat-
ters. “ Now, don’t you worry about
that,” he said quickly. “ I’ll keep my
mouth shut. I want to do business
with you, Mr. Hemenway. That
schooner is the best bargain on the
coast. Send along all the experts you
want to. They’ll all say the same.”
Hemenway thought it the proper
time to make a play. He jingled some
coins in his pocket and looked off in

the distance. After a time he faced
Anderson and said:

  “ Look here, Mr. Anderson, Har-
riott’s name shouldn’t have been men-
tioned at this stage of the game, but
as long as you know it and have prom-
ised not to let it go any further, and
also, because you say you know my
cousin, I’ll just tell you what I’m up
against. Here, read this.”

  He fumbled in his pocket, drew out
the letter he had written to himself,
and passed it to Anderson, who put on
his specs, read it, and handed it back
with a nod.

  “ Now you know as much about this
thing as I do,” said Hemenway.
“ What’s the best way to go about
this? Give me some advice.”

  “ I’m your man,” declared Ander-
son heartily. “ I’ll tell you what I’ll
do. I’ll take this whole business off
your hands, after you have satisfied
yourself that the Runaway is the boat
you want to buy—and I have no doubt
of that, as I know every boat on the
coast. I’ll fit out the schooner with a
year’s supplies and see that everything
is in shipshape, and all you and Mar-
riott will have to do is step aboard and
sail away.”

  Hemenway looked Anderson square-
ly in the eye. It was only by the exer-
cise of great will-power that he was
able to refrain from laughing. He
pinched himself in the back before he
would venture a reply. Finally he
said earnestly:

  “ That’s very kind of you, Mr. An-
derson, but I must get the right prices
on everything. You know how Mar-
riott would holler. What would be
your charge for this service?”

  “ Make out your list,” proposed An-
derson. “ I’ll help you, because I
know a great deal more about these
things than you do. Then you take
the list and get your own figures. I’ll
guarantee to meet any prices you get
and still make my commission. Be-
sides, I will get my brokerage from
the sale of the Runaway.”

  “ Well, that’s fair,” said Hemenway,
after taking a turn or two on the
wharf. He didn’t want to appear to
hurry. He pondered for the effect on
Anderson, but his thoughts were
really racing away. At last he faced
the other and said:

  “ I guess we can consider it settled.
However, just to ease my mind, I will
have a friend of mine look the
THE GRAND GETAWAY.	9

schooner over. I have no doubt he
will agree with you that she is well
worth the money. When that is done
we will draw up a little memorandum
and sign it, so that Marriott will see
that I have done everything ship-
shape. Now, then, let’s get at that
list of supplies.”

  For an hour they struggled with the
problem of what was needed. Hemen-
way got away at last, and when he
was out of sight of Anderson he
leaned against ^.building, took off his
hat, and passed his hand through his
hair.

  “ Whew! ” he exclaimed. “ I must
be dreaming. Things are coming too
easy. Something tells me I will get
an awful jolt before long. Well, I
must see that I land first, that’s all.

  “I hate to bunco Anderson. He’s
a good old scout. If I make my strike
he won’t lose anything, but he’ll have
to do an awful lot of worrying, that’s
all. Business is business, and I can’t
afford to let any raw-boned old sport
like Anderson stand between me and a
whole lot of money.”

  Hemenway was no disciple of Job.
He came out of his soliloquy and be-
gan to rush to completion the plans he
had started so well for himself.

  He got his quotations on the sup-
plies and sent them to Anderson. That
night he arranged with one of the
twins to look over the Runaway the
following day. Then he put on his
hat and went out to hunt up a crew.

CHAPTER VI.

DARKNESS AND INDECISION.

TN one of the small parks of San
Francisco that night a young man
sat on a bench, his hands thrust deep
in the pockets of his coat, his collar
turned up, his felt hat drawn over his
eyes. To judge from his clothes and
what could be seen of his features, his
condition in life was on a somewhat
higher plane than that of the other
men who swarmed the park.

  At nine o’clock Mr. Archibald Hem-
enway entered this park and walked
slowly through it. Returning, he flung
himself on the bench occupied by the
young man in the soft felt hat.

  “ He’s either in love or in trouble,”
thought Hemenway, after eying him
for some minutes; “I’ll tap him.” If
the young man was aware of the new-

comer’s presence he gave no indica-
tion of it.

  “ Fine night, isn’t it ? ” observed
Hemenway.

 The young man turned his head
slowly, looked at Hemenway for a mo-
ment, and resumed his former pose.

  “ I say it’s a fine night,” repeated
Hemenway.

 The young man gave his neighbor
another look and scowled. “ Suppose
it is, I can’t help it,” he replied testily.

  “ Now, now, don’t get fussy. What's
the matter—down on your luck?”
The other hesitated, then drew him-
self up, squared around to Hemenway,
and almost smiled. “ My luck is all
right, so far,” he said; “ I’m down on
myself, that’s all.”

  “ Don’t mind a little thing like that,”
said Hemenway jovially; “give me
the luck and I’ll take chances on my-
self any time. I’ll tell you something,”
and Hemenway plunged into what he
considered an essay on the art of
being cheerful. “ Now, I don’t want
you to tell me the story of your life,”
he concluded, “ nor am I going to
weary you with the story of my life,
but I will just mention the fact that I
am junior partner of the firm of
Cheeryble Brothers.”

  “ Never heard of them,” remarked
the young man indifferently. “ Is their
place of business in this town ? ”
“Well, I represent them here just
now, but I’m going to establish a
branch office in the South Sea Islands.
Want to go along?”

 The young man started violently
and bent his eyes on Hemenway in a
kind of wild stare. Then he smiled
feebly. “If I didn’t know you were
giving me a fairy tale, I would say
‘ Yes,’ ” he replied after a pause. “ I
was just dreaming of the South Sea
Islands when you came along and dis-
turbed me.”

  “Except in a few unimportant de-
tails there is no fairy tale about it,”
replied Hemenway. “Now, you say
you are down on yourself. Here’s a
chance to get it out of your system.
I am going to the South Sea Islands
very soon. Although I only saw you
for the first time ten minutes ago, I
hereby invite you to go along—under
certain conditions. I’m a pretty good
judge of human nature.”

 The young man thrust his hands
deep in his pockets again and resumed
his former dejected pose. He thought

all-story—16
10	THE GRAND GETAWAY.

intently for a few minutes. At length
he faced Hemenway and said:

  “ When are you going, how are you
going, and what are the conditions ? ”
Hemenway assumed the air of a
man trying to sell another man a bill
of goods. “ Here’s the situation,” he
said. “ I am in poor health. My doc-
tor tells me a trip to a tropical climate
is best for what ails me. I’ve got a
schooner-yacht and a little money, but
I can’t afford to pay wages to a cap-
tain and crew for a long trip like this.

  “Have a cigar? No? I carry a
few around but don’t smoke myself.
Now, then, in order to take this trip
I’ve got to dig up a crew of young
fellows that will make the trip for the
fun of the thing. I don’t want any
rough-necks.

  “We will all live in the cabin to-
gether, cook our own grub, and only
do enough work to keep the schooner
sailing in the right direction. A couple
of friends of mine, who know all
about yachts and navigation, will go
along, to run things. We need two
more—yourself, if you’ll go along, and
another.

“ Sing high, sing low, wherever we go,
We all shall equal be.”

  “ When do you start ? ”

  “ In about two weeks.”

  “Can’t you make it sooner?”

  “ Not very well—why ? ”

  “ Oh, if I’m going at all I want to
go right away and be done with it.”

  “ Any entangling alliances ? ”

  “ One. That’s the reason I’m in a
hurry.”

  “ Maybe we can get away in a week
or ten days; I’ll see what can be done.
What’s your name ? ”

  “ Jim.”

  “ That won’t do—we’ve got one Jim
aboard.”

  “Joseph’s my middle name.”

  “ That’s better. Where can I reach

you?”

  “ Right here to-morrow night at
nine o’clock.”

  “ What are you so fussy about ? ”

  . “ Can you blame me ? I’m sitting
here alone on a bench, a stranger
comes along and invites me to take a
sea trip to God knows where! It lis-
tens all right, my friend, but I came
originally from Missouri.”

  Hemenway laughed. “ I get you,”
he said. “I’m taking a chance my-
self. However, I think I can set your

mind at rest. In the first place I came
to California recently for my health.
The only people I know here are the
two young men who are going along
to boss the job.

  “ They are fine fellows, college men,
and very desirable in every way. I
want you to meet them. You will find
everything square and above board.”
Hemenway had to smile to himself.
He was playing very good billiards, he

thought. ------—

  They talked earnestly, for half an
hour, then arose and shook hands. As
they moved off in opposite directions
a man who had been sitting quietly on
a bench some distance away got up,
stretched himself, and moved off in
the wake of the young man who called
himself Joseph. Hemenway had not
gone many steps before he called to
his friend of the bench. The other
turned and they came together again.
Hemenway said:

  “ It just occurred to me that you
might know of some other young fel-
low who would like to go along with
us. We need one more.”

  “ Offhand, I don’t believe I do, but
I’ll think it over. Good night.” They
separated.

  Hemenwa3' was leisurely walking
on about his business when the man
who had started to follow the young
man hurried up and fell into step with
him.

  “ Excuse me, sir,” he said, “ but as I
passed I heard what you said to that
young fellow. It sounded like a job.
Anything doing? I can turn my hand
to anything.”

  Hemenway stopped under an elec-
tric light and looked the fellow over.
He was apparently about thirty to
thirty-five years old, and rather stock-
ily built. He had piercing eyes and
there appeared to be a habitual frown
on an otherwise not unpleasant face.

  “ I guess not,” said Hemenway,
after a thorough inspection of the
man. “ I don’t know you.”

  “ I can give you reference,” pleaded
the stranger. “ Besides ”—he hesi-
tated an instant—“ that young fellow
is a stranger to you, isn’t he? I was
not far away when you came along
and sat beside him on the bench. I’m
out of wrork and looking for it, and if
you could help me I would be very
much obliged to you.”

  “ I haven’t any job that would be
of any use to you. There’s no money
THE GRAND GETAWAY

11

in it for that young fellow you speak
of. Sorry I can’t help you out.” Hem-
enway moved away, but the stranger
stuck close. He said:

  “ I’m broke, and if I could only get
a place to sleep and something to eat
regularly, I wouldn’t care so much
about the money end of it. It would
give me a chance to find something
regular.”

 Hemenway reasoned with himself.
“ I’m suspicious of this fellow, but I
may be wrong. I’ll play him carefully.
Well,” he said aloud, “ I’ll think it
over. I may be able to do something
for you. Meet me right here to-mor-
row night at nine-thirty.”

 “ I’ll be here. Thank you. Good
night,” and the stranger disappeared.

 Hemenway went on his way.
“ Something tells me I overplayed my-
self with that fellow,” he muttered.
“ Still, I can forget that date, if I
want to do so.”

 The stranger was also busy with
his thoughts as he walked off. “ I
think I made the right play,” he so-
liloquized. “ My man is headed for
home and is safe enough for to-night.
Maybe I can find out what’s on his
mind by tying up to this other fellow.”
He went home, wrote out the fol-
lowing, and mailed it to the W. & J.
Axworthy Detective Agency:

  No. 1370.

   Left office 4.30 and went home.
  Left house at 7.45, walked to park
  and sat alone on bench. Well-
  dressed stranger came along and
  made his acquaintance. They
  talked nearly an hour, and
  stranger made some kind of prop-
  osition, for when they parted I
  passed them and heard stranger
  ask 1370 if he knew of anybody
  else that “ wanted to go along.”
  When 1370 left I applied to
  stranger for job, and have ap-
  pointment with him for to-mor-
  row night when I expect to find
  out nature of proposition made
  to 1370. He went home at 9.45.

              Operative No. 28.

CHAPTER VII.

EXPECTING A JOLT.

EXT day the launch tender,
which was up in the basin with
the Runaway, towed the yacht down

 to Anderson & Brownlow’s dock. The
 schooner had been recently over-
 hauled, and there was little to do on
 her except see that everything was
 shipshape.

   Hemenway got Anderson to put a
 scrub crew aboard and, with Jim Car-
 teret, who was off duty until six
 o’clock that evening, they took the
 yacht out in the bay to stretch her
 sails and give Carteret a chance to
 see how she behaved.

   Jim went to the wheel and took
 command, and in the light breeze that
 was blowing put the little schooner
 through her paces. He pointed her
 close to the wind and beat up the bay
 in short tacks, then eased sheets for
 a short reach and finally jibed over
 for a run before the wind.

  The yacht behaved beautifully.
 After an hour’s thorough test Car-
 teret brought her up in the wind and
 let her hang there.

  “ You handled her like you had
 spent all your life on a schooner
 yacht,” declared Anderson. “ What
 do you think of her; a beauty, eh ? ”

   “ Don’t tell him, Captain Carteret,”
 laughed Hemenway; “ he might want
 to boost the price on me. We haven’t
 signed papers yet.”

   “ No fear of that,” said Anderson.
 “ You and I are going to get along
 without any misunderstandings, Hem-
 enway. Well, what do you say to get-
 ting back? I have some work to do.”
 When the Runaway was made fast
 Hemenway asked Carteret to go all
 over the vessel and make any sugges-
 tions he thought necessary. While
 the twin was busy on the yacht, Hem-
 enway went into executive session
 with Anderson.

   The latter promised to lose no time
 in getting the supplies aboard and
 rush the other small things so that
 everything would be ready as soon as
 possible. When Carteret had finished
 his inspection of the schooner they
 left together.

   For the last twenty-four hours
 Hemenway had felt as though he was
 walking around with a can of nitro-
 glycerin in his pocket. So far every-
 thing had gone along smoothly, but he
 , was in that ticklish position of not
 knowing when somebody would come
 along and give him a jolt that would
 scatter him and his project into a
 thousand pieces.

   He felt safe enough with the twins,
12	THE GRAND GETAWAY.

but he decided to keep away from An-
derson and transact business with him
over the telephone.

  “ Mr. Carteret,” said Hemenway as
they walked away, “ how many of us
do you figure it will take to sail that
boat? What’s the lowest number we
can get along with ? ”

  “ Those down-east two-masters go
to sea with a captain and crew of two
men,” replied Carteret; “but they
were brought up to that sort of thing.
We ought to have five, anyway; may-
be we could get along with four in a
pinch, but I wouldn’t want to if I
could help it. How are you coming
out with your crew; landed anybody
yet?”

  “Yes, I’ve got one young fellow
who will fit in with us all right.
There’s another one that I don’t know
so well, and I don’t care much for his
style, but he might be a good man to
have along to do the menial work, as it
were. I am to see them both to-night,
and will let you know about them
when I get home if you are still
awake.”

  “ By the way, Mr. Hemenway, my
brother and I have a piano which has
just arrived from the East. That will
have to go along, and if it is all right
to do so I will have it sent down to
the schooner from the freight yard.”
“ Fine business. I will call up An-
derson and tell him to put it aboard
and see that it is screwed down tight.
And you better start getting your
things together. Don’t forget to take
plenty of light clothes.

  “ I think I will go around in a pair
of sneakers and a smile when the
weather gets good and hot. While we
are about it, let’s figure this thing out.
Anderson tells me he will have every-
thing ready by next Friday. This is
Saturday. Supposing we fix on Sun-
day morning, a week from to-morrow,
for the getaway day. Does that suit
you ? ”

  “ Fine; the sooner the better.”

  “ Well, then, a week from to-mor-
row, Sunday, positively. Have every-
thing you are going to take ready by
Saturday morning and I will have
them sent down to the schooner with
my things. And don’t forget plenty
of cigarettes. There would be no liv-
ing with you two fellows if you ran
out of coffin-nails.”

 They parted. Hemenway bought
two strong, second-hand trunks. Also

he ordered made for him a number of
small, light, hard-wood boxes, packed
with excelsior and the tops fitted with
screws, to be delivered at his office on
Wednesday at five-thirty sharp. He
then bought the few things he thought
he would need on the yacht and went
home.

  Three hours later he met the young
man, Joe, in the park. His good luck
still followed him. Joe was quite will-
ing to go along on the yacht. He
would be ready on twenty-four hours’
notice. But he wouldn’t tell his name
or his business, or anything of his af-
fairs. Nor would he give Hemenway
his home address.

  “ There’s no need of bringing my
affairs into this thing,” he told Hem-
enway. “ I’ll go along all right, as I
am quite satisfied to get away and cool
off for a while. You’ll find me all
right when we once get started.”

  “Very well, then,” retorted Hemen-
way, “ report to me here at nine o’clock
every night. We are going to leave a
week from to-morrow, Sunday morn-
ing, early, positively and without fail.
You can understand that if I had a
crew of old salts and one of them
failed to show up it would be a very
easy matter to fill his place.

  “ But this thing is different. I am
counting on you, and if you didn’t
come to time it would place me in a
bad hole at the last minute. If you
have any doubt about it just tell me
now.”

  Joe fumbled around in his pockets
and drew from them eight double-
eagles. These he stacked in the palm
of his left hand, while with the long,
bony fingers of his right he fondled
the gold pieces as a poker-player shuf-
fles a pile of chips before he decides
to call.

  “ I’m strictly on the level in this
thing,” he said, “ and to prove it to
you I will put this money in your
hands as a forfeit, although I don’t
know who you are, where you come
from, or where you are going.”

  “ Now, that sounds like a real sport,”
cried Hemenway. “ Of course, I
won’t take your money, but you report
here every night and we will let it go
at that. I guess that’s all for now.
Good night.”

  Hemenway had an appointment with
the other man at nine-thirty o’clock,
and while killing time waiting for that
hour he milled over in his mind how
THE GRAND GETAWAY.	13

he could handle him to the best advan-
tage.

  On general principles it was advis-
able that he confine his acquaintances
to the fewest possible number. So
far he had done very well. '.

  He could almost count the number
of persons he knew in San Francisco
on the fingers of one hand. There
was his landlady. She didn’t count.
There were the twins, Anderson, the
young man, Joe, and the men he was
about to meet.

  The only others in town he had had
brief talk with were the Sunday edi-
tor, the man he hired his office of, and
the janitor of the building. “ And
that’s a plenty,” he said to himself.

  So when it came time to meet the
detective who pretended he wanted a
job, Hemenway had made up his mind
to tie him up with a promise of work
and string him along with a dollar a
day until he was ready to pull up
stakes.

  “ Well, my friend, how badly do you
want a job?” was his greeting,

  “ I am ashamed to tell you,” replied
the gum-shoe man.

  “ That being the case, I’ll give you a
chance. I’m going off on an explor-
ing expedition in a few days, and if
you want to go along I’ll give you
twenty-five dollars a month and board.
I may be gone some time. Do you
want it ? ”

  “ Sure I do.”‘

  Hemenway cut the conversation to
a very few words.

  “ What’s your name ? ” he asked.

  “ Dennis McDonald.”

  “ Scotch or Irish ? ”

  “ Both.”

  “ What’s your address ? ”

  The man had one ready and Hem-
enway made a note of it. He curtly
turned aside a question or two and
then said:

  “ How are you fixed ? ”

  “ Broke.”

  “Well, here’s a dollar. Meet me
here to-morrow night at nine-thirty. I
take a walk about this time every
night. That’s all, I guess.” They
parted.

  “I’m getting to be a very fancy
liar,” said Hemenway to himself as he
strolled toward home. “ Lucky I
won’t need to tell many more. I am
running short of ammunition.”

  McDonald, or whatever his real
-name was, went home and wrote out

his nightly report. It was no more
sensational than the previous docu-
ment. No. 1370, it seemed, was on his
good behavior, and whatever they
were trying to catch him at, or fasten
on him, or discover, did not develop.
McDonald wound up his report with
a statement of his deal with Hemen-
way, and promised developments in a
few days.

  When the developments did come,
however, they were a little too swift
for Mr. McDonald.

CHAPTER VIII.

“ HOLD UP YOUR HANDS ! ”

Q N Sunday, Hemenway took a day
off, simply keeping his fences in
repair by meeting the two men, one
after the other, in the park at night.

  He said but two words to Joe. Mc-
Donald tried to start a conversation,
but Hemenway thrust a silver dollar
in his hand and told him to be there
the following night.

  On Monday it was the same.

  On Tuesday and Wednesday it was
the same.

  On Thursday, Anderson reported
everything stowed 011 board; water-
tanks full; the yacht ready to sail at
a moment’s notice.

  On Friday, Hemenway telephoned
Anderson that he would take the
schooner out for a sail early Sunday
morning.

  “ Say,” he said; “ Marriott iss back.
Got a wire this morning. He must be
in a hurry as he says he will take the
first train. Hello! I’m going to send
a lot of truck down to-morrow. Put
it all in the cabin, will you? Fine.
Got the crew all rounded up? Fine.
See you later. Good-by.”

  Hemenway hung up the receiver.
“ Haven’t slipped a cog yet,” he said
to himself. “ Looks as though she was
going through without a hitch.”

  That night Hemenway had a final
talk with the two men in the park.
He told them where to find the schoon-
er, and instructed them to be there not
later than seven o’clock Sunday morn-
ing.

  When he reached home he told the
twins everything was ready, promised
to look after their baggage in the
morning, warned them to be on hand
at seven o’clock sharp, said he probably
would not see them again until then
14	THE GRAND GETAWAY.

as he had some work of his own to do,
and then went to bed for a good, long
sleep.

  The crucial test was near at hand.
The next thirty hours would tell
whether he was behind bars or fleeing
over the trackless ocean with a for-
tune in the cabin of the schooner.

  In the mean time the gum-shoe man
had never earned so easy a week’s
pay. Joe’s life, ever since McDonald
had begun to shadow him, had been as
calm as that of a chess-player. But
with action promised for Sunday at
the latest, the. sleuth thought he had
better talk things over with his chief.

  So he went to headquarters on Sat-
urday morning after shadowing his
man safely to his place of business.
The chief listened attentively, and at
the end said:

  “All right, we will go through with
it that way. Want any help?”

  That was where the sleuth over-
played himself.

  “ Hell, no,” he replied. “ I’ll han-
dle that fellow all right. Leave it to
me.”

  When Joe left his place of business
that afternoon and leisurely walked
down town he was followed at a rea-
sonable distance by the gum-shog man.

  Joe made several purchases, dumped
the bundles in a taxicab, and rode
down to where the schooner lay, with
McDonald trailing along in another
taxi.

  Joe had his bundles put on board
and quickly drove away. He went to
a hotel and ordered a fine dinner. The
sleuth seized the opportunity to de-
vour a sandwich and drink a glass of
beer. Joe finished his dinner and
called for his check.

  “ I may as well be hung for a sheep
as for a goat,” he mused as the waiter
was making a lightning calculation.
He drew a pocket check-book from
his clothes, and with a fountain pen
filled out a check for two hundred dol-
lars.

  “ Here, George,” he said to the
waiter, “ get this cashed for me. Tell
the cashier to give me gold.”

  “Yes, sir, Mr. Lent; right away,
sir.”

  Paying his dinner check, Lent made
the rounds of the saloons and cigar
stores where he was known and
cashed checks ranging from five dol-
lars to one hundred dollars each,
stuffing the gold he received in

the ten pockets of his trousers and
waistcoat. In all he cleaned up close
to twelve hundred dollars.

  The sleuth was kept busy peering
into windows and noting names and
addresses while Lent was making his
rounds. Finally Lent looked at his
watch. Too early for Isaacs,” he
thought.

  He took in the tail-end of a vaude-
ville show, played a game or two of
billiards at the Palace, and then
walked up Market Street for half a
mile, turned north for half a block,
and went up the steps of a solid-look-
ing building.

  He entered the vestibule and closed
the door behind him. As he did so a
panel of the inner door slid aside and
a dim light shone on his features.
There was a subdued click and the in-
ner door opened noiselessly. Lent
walked up-stairs, entered a room, and
was at once greeted by a greasy-look-
ing, short and stout man who wore
evening clothes.

  “ Good evening, Mr. Lent, you are
a stranger.”

  “ Busy on other things, Isaacs,” re-
plied Lent. “ Besides, you keep me
broke.” He glanced around the room.
It was just an ordinary gambling-
joint to all outward appearances.

  Two faro layouts, a roulette-wheel,
and two card-tables were placed
where they would do the most good—
or harm. There were fewer than ten
men in the room, and Lent knew four
of them to be employees of Isaacs.

  “ You don’t seem to be very busy
to-night. What is this, a prayer-
meeting ? ” observed Lent.

  “ I don’t understand it myself,” re-
plied Isaacs; “this ought to be my
busy night. Would you like to bet
some of your money against mine ? ”
“ You don’t think I came around
here for five-o’clock tea, do you ? ”

  “ Good! Come into the office and
I’ll deal for you.”

  Isaacs led the way to a small office
back of the big room. In it were a
boy’s size desk, a safe, and a faro-
table. Lent sat down. Isaacs pro-
duced a deck of cards, tore off the
cover, shuffled with the grace that
comes of long experience, placed his
hands, palms down, on the table, and
smiled at Lent.

  “ Well, give me some chips,” said
Lent.

  “ How many ? ”
THE GRAND GETAWAY.	15

  “Hundred dollars will do.”

  Isaacs scowled slightly. “You’re
Starting in light,” he remarked.

  Lent flushed, but answered calmly:
“ Cut out the comment, please.”
Isaacs did not make reply, but got
the chips and collected five gold pieces.
Lent placed a dollar chip on the trey
of diamonds and another on the seven
of spades, which he coppered. Isaacs
snorted.

  “ I won’t wear the skin off my fin-
gers for that kind of betting; what’s
the matter with you ? ” he cried.

 Lent looked him in the eye.
“Isaacs,” he said slowly, “you have
taken about $10,000 of my money in
the past month. I’m playing my own
system. Now you deal.”

  Isaacs grumbled, but began slipping
the cards from the deck. When the
cards in the box became exhausted
they had gotten action about six times.
At the, end of an hour Lent was sev-
enty dollars ahead. Isaacs kept bad-
gering Lent to increase his. bets.

  “When luck is coming your way,
as it is to-night, why don’t you press
it ? ” he pleaded.

  “ What are you kicking about. You
are getting off cheap,” replied Lent,
tossing a chip 6n the king of hearts.
“There’s my bet. Deal.”

  The hours went by, Isaacs monot-
onously dealing, Lent keeping cases
and making his unvarying one-dollar
bets. Outside, in the big room, there
was absolutely nothing doing. Day-
light came. Isaacs let his employees
go home, one by one. Only he and
Lent remained. At last Isaacs hit the
table with his fist.

  “ I got enough of this,” he sneered.
“You are making a sucker of me. I
quit right here.” He looked greasier
than ever.

  “Wait a minute, Isaacs; don’t be
fussy,” said Lent. He looked at his
watch. “ It is now exactly twenty
minutes of seven. One more deal and
I’ll make you a bet that will stand
your hair on end.”

  Isaacs gathered up the cards, shuf-
fled them, and began a new deal.
When it was completed he looked at
Lent and said: “Well?”

  “ Get me a good stiff drink of whis-
ky, call a taxicab, and then I’ll bet
you,” said Lent.

 Isaacs brought the whisky and
stepped to the telephone.

(Te be

    “ Tell them not to stop the motor,
  I’ll be right down,” Lent called out.
  A moment later Isaacs hung up the
  receiver and returned to his office.
  “ What’s your proposition ? ” said the
  gambler.

    “ Cash in these chips first,” ordered
  Lent.

    Isaacs did so.

    “ Now,” said Lent, “ I’ll bet you a
  thousand dollars on the first turn of
  the cards.”

   “Where’s your money,” demanded
  Isaacs.

    Lent went through his pockets and
  stacked a column of gold on the table.

    “ Where’s yours ? ” he said. “ Cover
  that money if you want my bet.”
  Isaacs shrugged his shoulders, went
  to his safe and matched Lent’s pile.
  “ You are putting me to a lot of trou-
  ble, Mr. Lent, because I’m going to
  win your money, anyway.”

    The noise of the taxicab was heard
  as it drew up to the curb below.

    “Are you?” cried Lent, slipping a
  revolver out of his pocket. Throw
  up your hands! Up with them! ”
  Lent stepped close and felt around the
  gambler’s rear pockets. “ Now take
  off your coat—take it off,” he repeat-
  ed quickly. “ Now, you dirty robber,
  I’m going to give you a taste of your
  own medicine. Put up your hands! ”
  Lent transferred his gun from right
  to left hand, stepped close again, and
  putting all the power he could muster
  into the blow, sent his right fist crash-
  ing into the gambler’s stomach.

    Isaacs crumbled to the floor with a
  gasp. Lent was on top of him in an
  instant and choked him until he grew
  blue in the face. Then he whisked a
  small coil of wire and a pair of pliers
  from his coat pocket, rolled the gam-
  bler over and first bound his ankles and
  then his wrists behind him. Next he
  shoved his handkerchief in Isaacs’s
  mouth and tied the gambler’s own
  handkerchief over it.

    Still working rapidly, he rifled the
  open safe of everything that looked
  like money, dumped gold and bank-
  notes in the Tuxedo coat, rolled the
  whole thing up, cast a final glance at
  Isaacs, let himself out of the building,
  jumped in the front seat of the taxi
  and cried: “ Let her go! ”

    “ Hey! ” yelled Dennis McDonald,
dashing out from the doorway oppo-
site. But the taxi did not stop,
eontifttted)
This story began April 25 in THE CAVALIER. Our reason for carrying it in the
ALL-STORY WEEKLY is that you may have the opening chapters, and thus be able to go on
with it when the ALL-STORY and THE CAVALIER are combined with the May 16 issue.

CAPTAIN VELVET’S
REVOLT*

BY EDGAR FRANKLIN

Authot of “ Captain Velvet’s Welcome,” "A Forty-Story Fugitive,”
“Born To Trouble,” “A Bunch of Bad Luck,” Etc.

SYNOPSIS OF PRECEDING CHAPTERS.

FOLLOWING a minor revolution in the republic of Santa Chanza, South America, which places Senor
Pacato in the presidency through the efforts of Captain Velvet, three slick crooks seek protection on
an American battle-ship in the harbor. These are * Smiling ’’ (otherwise Robert) Pollard, the Spanish
Brute (William Ryan), and the Snake Games Evans). They are recognized by members of the crew, who
charge the Snake and Brute with various swindles. Meanwhile in the falacio in Relampago Captain Velvet
is made president fro tern by Pacato, who flees. The members of the cabinet resign after attempts to
assassinate them. On the war-ship Pollard threatens the captain with exposure of a lurid Brooklyn episode,
and with his help they get ashore. They are surprised at being welcomed warmly by Bentino, chief of
the secret police.

CHAPTER VI.

ELEVATION.

EVEN in our gladdest moments,
when every indication shows
that peace and happiness have
at last settled down to stay,
chill suspicion will sometimes come
that all is not well.

  For an instant some such unpleas-
ant sensation flickered through Mr.
Pollard. He seemed to remember Cap-
tain Velvet as they had last seen him,
a foot-long revolver in either hand,
inviting them to die on the spot or in
the Plaza Libertad, as they chose.

  He stiffened queerly, and his lips
compressed; he was aware that the
Snake on one side, and William Ryan
on the other, were dragging back like
frightened children.

  And then the instant was over and
the tread had passed the doorway.

  Captain Velvet himself strode down
upon them, hands outstretched in wel-
come so hearty that they turned weak
with pure relief.

  His sharp eyes twinkled the kindli-
est light; the wealth of pure, benevo-
lent affection in his smile went
straight to Robert Pollard’s heart and

warmed it through and through; and
with emotion so real that his voice
trembled, he cried:

  “ Boys, I’m glad to see you! Rob-
by, shake hands! ”

 “Well—captain—” was all their
chief could stammer.

  “ And Jimmy here, and Bill, too!
the acting president added, joyfully,
as he wrung their limp hands. “ Come
right in here, boys! Come right this
way! ”

 He threw a mighty arm about
Robert Pollard and drew him into the
Red Room; he reached back resist-
lessly for the Snake and for William
Ryan, who stumbled dazedly after;
and apparently unaware of the inane,
almost imbecile smile, which was the
best Mr. Pollard could produce for the
moment, the good captain slammed the
door and, for some five seconds,
looked them over.

  It was an extremely keen survey,
too, yet the fact did not impress Mr.
Pollard just then; a certain little
speech which he had prepared rather
carefully these last ten minutes, was

*This story it a sequel to “ Captain Velvet’s Welcome," which was published in The Cavalier
from January 3 to January 24. 1914.

16
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	17

trying to reach his lips in the best pos-
sible shape.

  He looked the captain in the eye,
therefore, and turned grave and apolo-
getic as he began:

  “ Captain, I don’t know what you
can have thought of us. I feel—well,
I think we all feel—that you know us
well enough to know that we’d have
done our duty if we’d had the chance.
But when we got to the street from
that restaurant there was a gang
waiting for us. They surrounded us
and—”

  Captain Velvet stayed the wild
flight of poor mendacity.

  “ Robby,” he said, “ don’t bother ex-
plaining all that. I—why, I know all
about it.”

 “ You—”

  “ And it’s of no importance now,
anyway, son,” said the president pro
tern. “ Later on, when we have a lot
more time, we’ll talk it all over. Just
now, are you boys ready for busi-
ness ? ”

  “ What sort of business ? ” Ryan
asked.

  The captain looked at him in mild,
innocent amazement.

  “ Well, Bill, I promised you three
pretty good jobs in this republic,-
didn’t I?”

  The Brute nodded.

  “ When I make a promise, I keep
it, no matter what! ” the simple soul
said virtuously. “ I’ve saved you boys
the three best jobs in the whole darned
country! ”

  He glanced affectionately at Mr.
Pollard’s fascinated smile.

  “You been around town long?” he
asked rather keenly.

  “ Only an hour or two.”

  “ Know Spanish ? ”

  “ No.”

  “ Either of you ? ” asked the cap-
tain quickly.

  “ I know about ten words,” Mr.
Ryan confessed. “ That’s all.”

  “ Then you haven’t had a chance to
look through the papers or hear peo-
ple—well, it doesn’t matter,” beamed
the good captain, catching himself,
with a strange, flitting smile.

  “ The Spanish part won’t make any
difference. I’ll see that you have all
the clerks and interpreters you need.
What we want down here is the brains,
and you boys have that — and don’t
look so humble, Robby,” he added,
with extreme kindness.

  “ Don’t think I’m holding anything
against you, because I’m not. Those
little tricks you tried on me in New
York just amused me, because I could
see all the time that it was just natu-
ral playfulness and nothing else. I
know when to forgive a feller—and
when not,” concluded the captain,
rather ^enigmatically, as he laid an
arm across the Snake’s slim shoulders
and ignored the peculiar shrinking
that overtook them almost instantly.

  “ Young fellers, this country’s call-
ing for you! Are you ready?”

  Mr. Pollard cleared his throat.

  “ Captain,” he said, with gentle
dignity, “we are ready to serve the
country to the best of our humble ca-
pacity, or to do anything else that
will show our high appreciation of
your kindness.”

  “ Spoken like a man ! ” Captain Vel-
vet said heartily. “ Robby, I’m presi-
dent of this republic for a few days.
I appoint you Minister of State! ”

  “ Appoint me—what ? ”

  “ Minister of State—same as Secre-
tary of State back home. The salary’s
fifty thousand dollars a year, United
States, and it begins now.”

  There was a table behind Mr. Pol-
lard. He leaned against it rather
weakly and smiled as he sought for a
properly gay answer to the captain’s
pleasantry; but the latter had turned
even now to Mr. Ryan.

  “ Bill,” he said earnestly, “ I’ve
saved something for you that I think
you’ll like. A lot of the biggest gen-
erals in the country have been after
me for this, for days, but I’ve told
’em, one and all, the same thing: ‘If
I can’t get my friend Bill, I’ll think
about appointing you; but I’ve got to
be darned sure first that I can’t get
Bill! ’ ”

  He laid a kindly hand on the staring
Brute’s shoulder.

  “ SonA I appoint you Minister of
War of this here republic!”

   Me ? ” gurgled Mr. Ryan.

  “ You, Bill! ” beamed Captain Vel-
vet. “ The regular army’s all sworn
allegiance to Mike Pacato. You’ve
got ten thousand of the finest, happi-
est, fiercest, fightiag men in the world
under you. The salary’s the same—
fifty thousand—and I hope you’ll like
the work.”

 “ Well—cap! ” stammered Mr.
Ryan.

  Captain Velvet rubbed his hands
18	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

briskly and turned his effulgent smile
upon the Snake.

  “You see, I did my level best to
save jobs that would just suit you fel-
lers, whether it made hard feelings
among the regular office-seekers or
not. Robby’s pretty slick, and a good
thinker; he’ll make a great Minister
of State. Bill’s a big, strong chap
that the whole army’ll cheer every
time they see him.

  “ But as for you, Jimmy, you’re the
sharp, bright little cuss of the lot.
Like to handle bunches of real
money ? ”

  “ Yes! ” whispered the Snake, diz-
zily, as from a beautiful dream. “ Yes!
Go on! ”

  “ James,” said Captain Velvet,
“ hereby and without further notice
of any kind, I make you Minister of
Finance, with full charge of the coun-
try’s wealth, and the same salary.
There’s the keys of the national treas-
ury, and you’ll find the treasury itself
right next door in the little granite
building! ”

  “These?” breathed the Snake, as
he jingled the ring so lately discarded
by Senor Norita.

  “ Those are the keys,” chuckled the
captain. “ The big one’s for the main
door and the little ones belong to the
vaults. She’s locked up just now.”

  He turned and included them all in
a magnificent gesture of his out-
thrown arms.

  “ There, by ginger! Did I keep my
word?”

  To some extent the strange occlu-
sion in Pollard’s throat was departing.
His brain, which had spun crazily for
a moment, was settling down again.

  He examined the captain breathless-
ly. No maniac glare shone in that
kindly eye; and whatever sort of queer
little country this might be, and how-
ever popular the captain, they would
never allow him here, in the very
bosom of their government, unless he
was actually mentailly sound!

  The astounding truth broke upon
Robert Pollard suddenly: it was actu-
al fact!

  “ Captain,” he said throatily, “ I—
don’t know how to thank you! ”

  “ Well, Robby, no thanks at all are
necessary,” the captain assured him,
with great truth and an odd sigh of
relief. “You’ve no idea how impor-
tant a good cabinet is just now, and
how glad I am to have found the right

men for it. Pretty soon we’ll add a
few more minor ministers, but you
three’ll be- the bosses. And it’s pretty
sudden, I know, but — will you get
right to work?”

  “Well, if you’ll give us a couple o’
tips—” the Brute suggested.

  “ You don’t need ’em,” said Captain
Velvet. “All you have to do is just
be on your job, Bill. Come over here! ”
He opened the door and looked
questioningly at Beatino. He indi-
cated that gentleman and said:

  “ This here’s Bentino, chief of our
secret police, boys. He’ll show you
your offices—and I guess the best
thing you can do, Robby, is to call a
Cabinet meeting right off and talk
over how you’re going to govern San-
ta Chanza.

  “ I'll see that it’s announced in all
the papers; and I don’t know three fel-
lers I’d rather see talked about as a
Cabinet just now! ” concluded the
benevolent president pro tern, and
closed the door.

  Some few seconds they stood there,
stunned. At the main entrance half a
dozen dark-brown faces peered in cu-
riously, examined them and, at a sign
from Bentino, popped out of sight
again; and across the tiled corridor
the chief of secret police was opening
doors as he said briskly:

“ The office of the Minister of State
—it is here, excellency. And here the
Department of War—for you, senor?”
“ That’s mine, bo! ” Mr. Ryan man-
aged to say. “ That’s all mine.”

  “ And of the Minister of Finance,
this is the headquarters,” the chief
pursued, “ while here we find the com-
modious official meeting-room of the
honored Cabinet, as a body. The ex-
cellencies will consent to enter ? ”

  He waved toward the last-named
apartment and stood aside, smiling
brilliant satisfaction as they looked
about.

  As a Cabinet room, doubtless, it was
all that could have been desired. A
long table stood in the center, with
chairs down either side; there were
windows along one wall and a long
chandelier in the middle.

  Yet it struck the rapidly calming
Minister of State that something more
than numb stares might be expected
of ‘him, and he turned abruptly to
Bentino with:

  “That’s all for the present. We’re
going to—er—hold a meeting now.”
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	19

  The head of the secret police bowed
low and disappeared behind the clos-
ing door; Mr. Pollard stepped after
him and, with deft hand, turned the
key without a sound—and then Mr.
Pollard himself turned and walked
smartly to his place at the head of the
table, while the Minister of War
slumped into a place on one side and
the Minister of Finance grinned nerv-
ously from a chair at the other.

 “ Robby,” the Minister of War
asked hoarsely, by way of opening the
official proceedings, “ is it safe to stick
here? ”

  Mr. Pollard’s eyes opened.

 “Why not?”

  “ The old guy’s crazy,” submitted
the Minister of War, with deep con-
viction. “ Any second he may get dis-
gusted with this Cabinet and decide
to shoot it up and—”

  “ He’s no more crazy than you are,
Bill,” smiled the Minister of State.
“ He is just what I sized him up for
the first time we saw him—a simple,
honest old fool! There’s nothing
crazy about him. There’s nothing
crazy about this. We’ve walked into
town at the right second and sat down
in the richest butter-tub that ever hap-
pened ! ’’

  His old-time smile flashed upon
them, and the Minister of State leaned
his elbows on the shining table.

  “ So the best thing we can do now
is to open this meeting officially and
decide what the Cabinet’s going to do
to Santa Chanza! ” he pursued happi-
ly. “ Who has something to suggest ? ”
“You mean for a clean-up?” the
Minister of War inquired.

  “ That’s what we’re here for.”

  “ Would it be bad to stick to the
jobs and pull in the salary for a
while ? ” asked the Snake earnestly.
“ Fifty thousand a year’s a thousand
a week, or almost. We never made
that as a steady thing.”

  “And we’ll never make it as a steady
thing in a country where one man can
go up and punch the president and put
another fellow in his place—and have
the populace fall for it,” the Minister
of State said sagely.

  The new Minister of„ War cleared
his throat.

  “ Well, Robby, according to the
captain, we’re bosses of this coun-
try?”

  “ Yes.”

  “ Fine! Let’s sell the country to

some hick back home! ” urged the
head of the army. “We can make it
legal; sign all the papers and—”

  “ Bill! ” snapped the Minister of
State, “this Cabinet meeting is for
official business, and not blasted non-
sense.”

  “ All right, then, here’s another,”
said the War Department brilliantly.
“The army belongs to me. See? Ten
thousand men! ”

  “ Well?”

  “ This way.” The Minister of War
grinned broadly. “I issue an order; I
tell ’em that next month pay will be
raised fifteen dollars a month for
every man that’s been in the service
one month. Get it ? ”

  “ Go on.”

  “As quick as they get that through
’em we’ll get some slick natives and
send ’em out with word that every
man who wants to hold his job as a
soldier under me has to come up with
a ten-dollar bill. See? Every guy
that’s in the army now’ll fall for it,
and we’ll have new ones coming in, a
hundred an hour! ”

  The Minister of War leaned back
and sought to look modest.

  “ It might be good for a hundred
and fifty thousand dollars! ”

  The Minister of State considered
very briefly.

  “ And then, again, it might not,” he
decided. “ We may pull that later,
Bill, just before we make our getaway,
but it’s too risky now. It might start
some one to suspecting that this new
Cabinet wasn’t right, and we can’t af-
ford that.”

  He stopped and looked sharply at
the Minister of Finance.

“ What’s the matter with you ? ”
Slender hands clutching the edge of
the table, the Snake looked from one
to the other with eyes as dreamy as
those that had met his appointment.

  “ I was only wondering why we
were sitting here trying to dope out
'how to get the money! ” he stated.

  “ Eh?”

  The Minister of Finance leaned
across the table. His dreamy eyes
gleamed suddenly and his voice
dropped to a whisper.

  “Well, haven’t we got it now?” he
demanded. “ Haven’t I got the keys
of the national treasury in my
pocket ? ”

  “ I’d forgotten that! ” the Minister
of State muttered.
20	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

  “ Is there anything in your treasury,
Snake?” the Minister of War in-
quired skeptically.

 The Minister of Finance glided
lithely out of his chair.

  “ Is there any easier way of finding
out than looking ? ” he asked. “ Come
on! ”

  The Cabinet of Santa Chanza, for
the time, seemed to have adjourned.

  The Minister of War, rising quick-
ly, hurried after his associate; yet Mr.
Pollard was at the door before either,
and he laid a hand on the knob and
turned to- snap:

  “Wait a minute! This isn’t a foot-
race; it’s the new administration go-
ing to take the first official look at the
nation’s wealth, and it’s a stately, sol-
emn proceeding that we have to dress
up with a little dignity.”

 He expanded his own chest and
smiled serenely.

  “ You know, it’s ten chances to one
the old captain will have a little mob
out there waiting to cheer us.”

  He turned the key and stepped out,
with slow, majestic tread, and looked
about.

  And while space itself might have
been just a trifle more quiet, it could
have been no more deserted than the
corridor of the strangely still palacio.

  “ Some one pinched the mob, Rob-
by! ” the Minister of War observed.

  “ So much the better! ” Mr. Pollard
said irritably. “ We'll be able to get
in there without even being seen. I
saw the place as we came in; there
must be a door leading to it over this
way.”

  He turned on his heel and led the
way, very quietly indeed, this time, to
the far end of the corridor and cast
about quickly.

  There was a smaller corridor, at an
angle, and a smaller door beyond; he
hurried to it and opened it, this time
to reveal a covered passage and, at its
end, a solid oaken door in a solid gran-
ite wall.

  The Minister of State turned, color
risiftg.

  “ This is it, Snake! ” he whispered.
“Where’s the key?”

  Rather grudgingly, Mr, Evans sur-
rendered it to the chief of the band
and watched him thrust it soundlessly
into the lock. A wrench and a crunch
and the door swung open, creaking^;
they stepped in and closed it behind
them, creaking again.

  The Snake peered about suspicious-
ly-

  “ They must use this treasury a
lot! ” he observed. “ Look at the little
office in there! Look at the dust on—”

  The Minister of State was not lis-
tening.

  The switch on the wall- had been
obliging enough to light the whole
building at his first twist, and. Mr.
Pollard was hurrying down the stone
corridor to the big steel door at the
rear.

  It was an elderly thing, well coated
with rust, and dating from the glad
days before combination locks came
to confuse the earnest criminal work-
er; yet the sight of it was strangely
exhilarating to Santa Chanza’s new
Cabinet.

  A distinctly professional calm set-
tled upon them, too. The Snake, step-
ping soundlessly back to the door, lis-
tened for a moment and threw the in-
ner bolt into place.

  The Minister of War hurried into
the queer little musty office and, after
a keen and cautious glance at the sun-
lit world beyond, drew down the shade
to the bottom of the sash.

  Meanwhile, the Minister of State
worked deftly with- his keys. They
came to his sides and waited tensely—
and with quite an astonishing thud
the fifth key threw the tumblers of the
vault lock and the sound echoed
through the place.

  Just an instant they looked at one
another and smiled excitedly; then
three hands landed upon the handle
and tugged. A new, long creak, in a
deeper tone this time, and the wealth
of the nation lay before them.

  It was not immediately visible. It
lay, presumably, behind the doors of
the compartments that ran down either
side of the big steel room beyond.

  The Minister of Finance hurried to
the nearest and fumbled at the knob
as he said:

  “ Let's have those keys, Robby.
This—”

  His voice died out. The door had
come open in his hand, and beyond it
lay a black pit of steel; and the Min-
ister of Finance stood back breathing
hard, and found a match and lighted
it for a better view of the gold that lay
within—and having lighted it, he
turned suddenly and cried:

  “ This thing’s empty! ”

  “ Yes, and this one’s empty! ” the
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	21

Minister of War reported from the
other side, and seized a new door and
tugged. “ And if it comes down to
that, this one’s got two inches of dust
in it and nothing more! ”

 His heavy jaw dropped as he
wheeled on the Snake, just tugging
open the fourth creaking panel. The
Minister of Finance’s voice came as a
broken whine:

  “ Say! There hasn’t been any coin
in this place since they built it! ”

  At the far end of the vault the Min-
ister of State glanced up grimly.

  “ Those things look as if they’d been
built for storing papers, anyway,” he
said. “ This big one’s locked.”

  He returned to the task of fitting
its key, and they lounged rather
gloomily to his side.

  A treasury, obviously, is built sole-
ly for the purpose of tucking away the
nation’s treasure, in the shape of cash;
and however vague their expectations,
a treasury at least nine-tenths empty
certainly fell below them.

  Enthusiasm, in fact, had ebbed won-
derfully in the Minister of War and
the Minister of Finance these last few
seconds.

  They looked at the rows of open
doors and snarled aloud; they looked
back to Mr. Pollard—and all in a
twinkling enthusiasm rose again with
a swirl, for the Minister of State was
on his knees before the last compart-
ment as the door opened, staring in-
ward and uttering a strange series of
little gasps.

  A moment he hunched there, pet-
rified ! Then both hands reached in
and the Minister of State drew forth
a mighty package of yellow bank-
notes, new and crisp, flaunting the or-
nate design of Santa Chanza’s paper
money.

  About them a paper band had been
fastened neatly; he ripped it away and
watched loose money surge to his lap.

  And he laughed wildly and moved
back a little to count it, for the bal-
ance of the Cabinet were crushing
their way into the compartment,
shoulder to shoulder, pawing, chatter-
ing, sputtering into sight again with
arms filled with similar packages.

  Trembling, they clutched them and
stared at the Minister of State; and
that dignitary recovered his compo-
sure at the sight of them. The band
lay at his side; he picked it up and ex-
amined its printing.

  He leaned forward, too, and peered
sharply at the bands that held together
their own yellow packages—and sheer
feeling turned Mr. Pollard’s cheek to
a ghastly green!

 “ How many — have you there,
Snake ? ” he asked hoarsely.

  The smaller member returned, par-
tially, to consciousness.

  “ Lemme see, Robby ! ” he croaked.
“ There’s seventeen.”

  “ And Bill’s got twelve—and there’s
one loose there on the floor,” counted
the Minister of State. “ That’s thirty
packages, and they’re all the same.”

  “ And this one’s marked five hun-
dred thou—”

  “ They’re all marked ‘ five hundred
thousand dollars,’ and every one of
their dollars down here is good for
eighty cents in New York! ” cried Mr.
Pollard.

  And there his voice cracked com-
pletely, and the hand he laid upon the
arm of the Minister of Finance was
decidedly shaky.

 “ Snake! Bill! ” he squeaked.
“We’ve made the big haul at last!
We’ve got fifteen million dollars
here!"

CHAPTER VII.

THE NEGLECTED MITE.

Y OUR truly great leader of men
cannot possibly be jarred for
more than a few seconds at a time.

  Let the—real or figurative—cannon
ball pass straight through him, and if
he be of the truly great he will, after
the first slight shock, issue a terse
command for the dressing of the
wound and immediately proceed to the-
important business of the day with
renewed vigor.

  Within the half minute Robert Pol-
lard justified his position as head of
the sinful trio.

 A sweep of his handkerchief
mopped the sudden perspiration from
his forehead, and seemed at the same
time, in some mystic fashion, to en-
dow his features with an entirely new
expression.

  Unnatural, cold calm had succeeded
the wildness of his eye; pinkish color
had returned to his cheeks and his
jaws were set grimly.

  But no such splendid quiet blessed
William Ryan; thrice he swallowed
before he was capable of the gasping:
22	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

  "Well, get it together! Who’s got
a newspaper to do it up in? Where’s
a hunk of string—”

  “ P-s-st! ” said the chief.

 “ Robby, somebody might bust a
way in here any second! ” fumed the
Brute. “ That office window faces the
back of the square. Get out there and
I’ll pass it and—”

  The angry weariness in Robert Pol-
lard’s expression stopped him.

 “ When you’re through with that
fit,” said the Minister of State, “get
down and gather up those bills and
pin this band around them. Give me
those you’re holding now. Snake, pile
back yours just as you found them.”

  The Minister of Finance reeled.

  "Pile ’em back!’’

  “ Yes! ”

 “ Say! Are we going to make all
this money a present to this bloody lit-
tle two^cent country ? ” Mr. Ryan de-
manded fiercely.

  Robert Pollard replaced six million
dollars’ worth of gold notes with nice
care before replying.

 “ We’re not! ” he said briefly.
“ Neither are we going to walk out in
the middle of a sunny afternoon, with
not less than twenty thousand people
around, and‘try to get away with all
the money they own! ”

 He watched the Snake rather da-
zedly returning bundles of notes to
their place.

  “ And hurry up with that loose stuff,
Bill,” he snapped. “ If we can get
back without Velvet finding out that
we’ve been here, so much the better.
We—damn itl Give me that stuff!
There! ”

  He snatched just half a million dol-
lars’ worth of paper and tucked it
carefully into place again; then, with
hand once more quite steady, he closed
the door gently and turned the key.

  “ Now straight back for the Cabi-
net room, and if the old scoundrel
sees us, say that we were just looking
around,” ordered the Minister of
State.

  “ And while we’re gone, somebody
comes and gets this—” the Brute said
brokenly.

  “ I don’t believe there’s a duplicate
set of these keys. If there is, he’s got
’em. And if he wanted that stuff he’d
have taken it away before this — or
else he doesn’t know it’s there at all! ”
said Mr. Pollard with excellent rea-
soning. “ March! ”

  He set the example by resuming a
really stately tread and leading the
way out of Santa Chanza’s queer lit-
tle treasury building.

  Softly he closed the creaking door
behind them and turned the key once
more. Head erect, majestic eye alert,
he passed down the little corridor and
into the greater one.

  It was quite as deserted as before—
and Mr. Pollard chuckled richly.

  In other lands, governmental head-
quarters might be thronged with hur-
rying, watchful employees, surcharged
with keen-eyed politicians and curious
emissaries from the outlying districts;
but Santa Chanza’s little palacio was
no less than ideal in its silent empti-
ness.

  The Cabinet room was peaceful as
before, too. He locked the door be-
hind them and took his place, frown-
ing thoughtfully, tapping out an impa-
tient little tune with his finger-nails
as the Minister of War slouched to
one chair sulkily and the Minister of
Finance perched nervously on the
edge of another.

  “ Cabinet’s in session again,” he
said briefly. “ There’s not much to
debate, either. I doped the whole
thing out coming up that passage.”

  William Ryan sniffed and opened
his lips.

  “ And here’s where we stand and
here’s what we do,” the Minister of
State went on briskly. **“ Velvet trusts
us implicitly—that’s pretty plain. We
can come and go as we please without
a soul in the whole republic daring to
ask a question. Next, we came here
to trim Captain Velvet and—”

  “ And now we’re going to forget
him and take what we found! ” the
Snake put in with sudden relief.
“ That’s a good idea, Robby. Trying
to trim that—”

  “ If the Department of Finance will
be good enough to dry up,” snapped
the Minister of State, “ I’ll tell you
what we’re going to do. We came
l\ere to trim Velvet. We’re going to
do just that! ”

  “ When—”

  “ We know what’s in that treasury,
and we can get to if inside of five min-
utes, day or night,” Pollard said tense-
ly. “ That stuff is as good as in New
York at this minute. We know the
captain has another million or two
tucked away somewhere, and it would
be a sin to go away without it.”
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	23

  “You know, once upon a time there
was a hog—” the Minister of War be-
gan thickly.

  “I’m no hog, Bill; I’m just a con-
scientious little worker that hates to
leave any rough spots on a job,” the
Minister of State smiled cheerfully.

  “Nix! We’re going to get it all!
We’re going to make the greatest
clean-up in the whole history of re-
fined crime! When we’ve put the last
high polish on this job we’ll have done
something that crooks will talk about
five hundred years from now — and
never beat.

  “ In another twenty-four hours
we’ll be out of this country with fif-
teen million dollars straight! ”

  His glowing eyes settled on the
Snake and stirred up a faint reflection
of their fire. The Brute, to be sure,
merely growled and did not move;
but the Minister of Finance leaned
forward and breathed:

  “ Robby, that’s five million dollars
apiece! What can’t a man do with
five million dollars ? ”

  The Minister of State permitted
himself a rather boisterous laugh.

  “ Jimmy,” he said, “ he can buy a
country house and a city house; he
can quit crooked work forever and
buy any cop that dares - remember him,
just with the loose change in his
pocket. He can get a fleet of steam
yachts and an automobile factory and
marry a millionairess. He can buy a
camp in Maine and—”

  And there he stopped, nailed by the
strange stare of William Ryan.

  “ That’s three times the door of
that closet’s moved! ” stated the Min-
ister of War as he rose.

  Mr. Pollard’s teeth shut with a click
as he whizzed out of his own chair
and glared toward the corner and the
tall clothes-closet it revealed.

  “ Spies ? ” he whispered.

  “ You could have doped that out
ahead of time,” the Snake whispered
bitterly. “Would Velvet—”

  A furious and wicked light gleamed
in Robert Pollard’s eye.

  “ I don’t know whether he would or
not,” he muttered; “ but no man’s go-
ing to stand between me and that wad
of money now, Snake! Get over by
the door and take a chair with you to
rap him with! ”

  He turned and beckoned the Minis-
ter of War to his side.

  “ There can’t be more than one in

there,” he pursued. “ You can handle
him if he makes for the window?”

  “ I’ve licked five when—”

  “ Get over there, then! Give me
that brass ruler first; there must be
five pounds of metal in that,” ordered
the Minister of State, and his teeth
bared in a most unpleasant fashion.

“ The main thing is not to let him
yell for help. He. isn’t going to get
out of here, whether he yells or not.”
Some two or three seconds he wait-
ed as they took their stations.

  He slid out of his coat then and
tucked up the right sleeve comfort-
ably, his steady gaze upon the disturb-
ing closet door; and when the wiry
forearm was quite ready for business
he wound his fingers about the weap-
on and tiptoed softly across the room.

  It was in_every way an unfortunate
mischance — unfortunate chiefly for
the man in the closet.

  In the natural order of things a
husky citizen would have been as-
signed to that particular job, Mr. Pol-
lard reflected, and grew very calm in-
deed; in arguing a really husky citi-
zen into complete silence, the great
consideration is to plant the first blow
in just the right spot.

  The Minister of State, in his own
modest way, was something of an ana-
tomical expert.

  He gathered his muscles and laid
soundless fingers on the closet door;
he tore' it open and bounded back, in
the thousandth part of a second, and
his ruler whistled back for the smash-
ing blow.

  And then dropped rather limply, for
from the closet stepped perhaps the
smallest of Santa Chanza’s small citi-
zens—not fearfully or ferociously, but
quite as a matter of course and with a
somewhat pale, nervous smile.

  He rubbed his thin hands and bowed
politely to the Minister of State as he
observed in fair English:

“ Senor, I salute you—the master! ”
Mr. Pollard merely stared on. The
person might have been forty or a lit-
tle more; he was thin to a degree, and
wore a queer, downtrodden air.

  Yet there was something about him
that reassured Mr. Pollard queerly
after the first shock—the crafty, evil
light in his eye.

  Be he what he might, the little
stranger was at least not that most
wretchedly inconvenient of all things,
an honest man.
24	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

  “ The Minister of State, I presume,
from the voice ? ” he asked gently.

  “ What the—” began Mr. Pollard,
breath returning.

  The forlorn little man’s eyes opened.
  “ You do not know me ? ”

  “We don’t know you, bo, and we
don’t want to know you! ” The Min-
ister of War bounded to his side and
looked down on him. “ You’ve let
yourself in for this by sneaking in
here, and now—”

  “ Scnor,” the diminutive citizen
broke in, “ I do not sneak. As you ap-
proached, I stepped in there, for one
does not know these days who will
shoot and who will smile. For the
rest, senors, I remained there, because
the business of this meeting interested
me greatly. Senors, I am Zarapa,
first assistant Minister of State! ”

' “ I didn’t know there was one! ”
Mr. Pollard muttered.

  Surely, as a mere observation, it
was conventional and ordinary
enough; by the balance of the Cabi-
net it even passed unnoticed. But
upon the mysterious Zarapa its effect
was galvanic.

  Color rushed to his cheeks and his
small eyes flashed malevolently; one
thin, vibrating finger pointed in the
most astounding fashion at Robert
Pollard and—

  “ Yes, that is it! You did not
know! ” the little man shrilled pas-
sionately. “ So through six adminis-
trations I have served as first assistant
Minister of State, doing the work of
the Minister of State himself — and
not one of them appeared to know that
I inhabited the same earth ! Why ? I
demand of you, why?”

  “ I give it up! ” said Robert Pollard.
“ Then it is for me to tell you 1 ” his
aid cried with growing vehemence.
“ They did not know because, one and
all, they were occupied in getting—
what do you call it ?—ah ! In getting
the graft! That is it, scnor!

  “ Day and night, night and day,
while I worked, they stole! And I ?
I am small—humble—insignificant, as
one says! They look at me and smile
and sfeal! They laugh at me and kick
me and steal some more! That is all.”
His voice broke suddenly, and he
concluded in a strange, pathetic little
whine:

  “ Senors, before you stands revealed
the one man in all Santa Chanza who
has never touched this graft! ”

  “ Because they never let you get to
it?” the Minister of Finance asked,
with deep interest.

  “ For that reason! ” the little man
replied bitterly. “ I, who with but
one-half of the chance as you say,
could steal the whole republic and ship
it out of South America before they
knew! ”

  A heavy, disappointed sigh escaped
him, but he brightened quickly and
turned to Mr. Pollard.

  “ But I have listened to you, scnor
he said, with deep respect. “ I under-
stand that the day of petty thievery
is gone from our beloved republic, and
that the masters are with us at last.
And the great Americans are just
men ! ” he ended wistfully. “ You will
permit me to aid and to share, if only
a little?”

  All in all, of course, the first assist-
ant was a trifle tpo astonishing for
instant assimilation.

  Mr. Pollard glanced at the Minister
of War and grinned faint perplexity,
and the minister nodded.

  “ It’s a shame a bright little guy
like him never had a chance—huh ? ”
he suggested.

  “ He looks 011 the level, and he could
throw this Spanish language around
when we need it,” the Minister of Fi-
nance submitted sanely. “ Anyway, if
you turn him down he can go to Vel-
vet and—”

  Zarapa fairly whirled upon him.

 “No, senorl” he cried. “Your-
selves, perhaps, I might shoot—from
a distance—but not that! Him I
hate! ”

  “ Yes, and if he isn’t on the level—”
the Minister of State began calmly.

  Again his first assistant broke in.

  '‘Scnor!’’ he protested. “Do I not
convince? Listen! You would re-
move the treasures of this Velvet who
has cursed our beloved land so long.
Do you know where to find them ? ”

  “ No,” escaped the Snake.

  “ I will tell you! ” The mite rubbed
his hands excitedly. “ And having se-
cured them, can you leave so swiftly,
so certainly, by such unfrequented
streets that none will know for
hours ?”

 “ We—”

  “ This, too, I will arrange! ” Zara-
pa said feverishly, and drew Mr. Pol-
lard nearer. “ Again listen! In the
cellar of Velvet’s house, stored in a
vault of which I have knowledge, are
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	25

jewels and gold to the amount of three
millions of our money. You can con-
trive to dine with him to-night ? ”

  “ Probably.”

  “ Do so. I shall give you plans of
the house. I shall reach his cook and
make sure that his food alone is
drugged, and heavily. I shall arrange
that his two other servants, brothers,
are called to the bedside of their dy-
ing mother, twenty miles distant.

  “ When they are gone, senor, and
he sleeps soundly, go to the cellar and
open his vault. “ I shall be waiting by
the east wall with a swift automobile.”
The first assistant Minister of State
broke off and tapped his chest.

  “ Poof! It is done! ” he concluded.
“The braggart coward who has af-
flicted our land has become the impov-
erished joke 1 And we are rich! ”
“And a little shrimp like you isn’t
afraid to tackle him?” inquired the
Brute with some admiration.

  Zarapa shuddered slightly.

  “ Here in Santa Chanza all fear
Velvet,” he submitted. “ Beside, I do
not tackle him, as you say. I am with-
out, waiting in the swift automobile.
And it is all quite safe, for one does
not suspect me! ” he ended bitterly,
and peered anxiously from one to the
other. “You consent?”

  “If it can be run off as easily as
that—” Pollard began, smiling blandly.

  “It is already running, senor!” his
assistant informed him, and darted to
the door. “ I fly! ”

  For a matter of many seconds the
chief of the trio looked at the door
after it closed noiselessly behind him.

   “ I believe that little cuss is perfect-
ly square,” he said.

  “ He’s the best little crook that ever
lived,” the Minister of War said en-
thusiastically. “ He can think like a
streak of lightning, too. Give him a
little training and we can keep him
with us permanent. What about it,
Snake?”

  The Minister of Finance glanced
up, from the cards he had taken to
spreading on the table.

  “ I’ll tell you what about him, in two
minutes,” he said gravely. “ I’m look-
ing him up.”

  The Minister of State laughed im-
patiently.

  “ Put those fool things away, Jim! ”
he commanded. “We’ll have to fix up
the details of this, and then—”

  “ He’s all right! ” the Snake an-

nounced imperturbably as his finger
indicated a jack. “Here he is, with
the honest card next to him. And look
here, Robby! Here’s the same old
combination worked out again: ‘ turn
back to great wealth!' Can you beat
that ? Can you—”

  His voice died out, and so suddenly
that both of them turned to him in
mild astonishment.

  The Snake, indeed, was acting
rather oddly; bent over the table, his
finger-nail picked frantically at the
edge of one of his cards—and picked
and picked the harder, until the card
separated into two.

  An instant he looked at the under
pasteboard, and he was on his feet,
eyes dilated and choking:

  “ Robby ! Bill! Look! D’ye see
what’s happened? Two of those cards
were stuck tight together, and I never
noticed it till this minute! ”

  “ Well, by—” his exasperated chief
cried as he strode toward the table.

  “ They were stuck tight together,
and the under card’s the right one! ”
the Snake cried wildly. “ Look! Look
what it reads now! It isn’t ‘ turn back
to great wealth! ’ It’s ‘ certain death,
if you seek great wealth,’ Robby!
And it’s as plain as day, too! That
means either ‘ certain death ’ or ‘ great
disaster ’—that card! ”

  And he started back, for Mr. Pol-
lard was reaching across the shining
table with two savage hands.

  One sweep they made and they had
gathered the entire pack together.

  A violent jerk and the Minister of
State had performed the rather stren-
uous feat of tearing straight through
the whole collection; and he hurled the
fragments at the Minister of Finance
with a vicious:

  “ That’s the last time those cards’ll
tell your fortune and shake your little
one-cent nerve, isn’t it, you blasted
imbecile ? ”

  The Snake was not even aware of
his rage.

  “ Robby,” he said hoarsely, “ they
never lied yet, did they? When they
looked like money, there wasn’t any-
body readier to turn back than me,
was there? And now when they say
there’s nothing but disaster—”

  He caught Mr. Pollard’s-eye sudden- •
ly and shuddered. “Would you go on
after that?” he asked faintly.

  The Minister of State relaxed with
a sour laugh.

AI«Ir STORY— 17
26	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

  “Upon my word, Jimmy,” he said,

“ if I didn’t know you as well as I do,
I’d have had you locked up somewhere
before this. That’s the last fortune-
telling in this combination. Get it?
Now, we’ll go for Velvet! ”

  The Minister of War caught him-
self and faced his chief with a blus-
tery cough, for the Minister of War
had watched the workings of those
same cards himself on other occasions.

  His chief, however, had dismissed
the matter completely and was smiling
again as he said:

  “ It’s getting dark now; it’ll be
night in another half-hour. I don’t
know what time he dines, and I sup-
pose we’ll have to give that little runt
an hour or two to fix things, but we’ll
go in and invite ourselves, anyway.”
He looked them over sharply.

  “ You might work up a sort of
genial grin for the occasion, too,” he
suggested. “Keep that little vault in
mind, with nearly three million dollars
in it for us! ”

  The insidious germ of very big
business, in whatever line, has brought
a smile too bright to many a man.

  Robert Pollard‘fairly radiated as he
left the Cabinet room and stepped
blithely toward the office of Santa
Chanza’s president. His spirits were
high, too, and it was only with an
effort that he managed to knock softly
on the door.

  It opened with queer speed, and
Bentino, glaring at them for an in-
stant, beamed pleasantly at them and
stepped aside—and then, after a swift
interchange of glances with Captain
Velvet, who sat at his desk, stepped
outside.

  The president 'pro tern, leaned back
comfortably and smiled his honest,
whole-souled affection at them as he
inquired:

  “ Cabinet getting on nicely ? ”

  Its Minister of State permitted a
gentle laugh to tremble through the
big apartment as he sauntered over to
the desk.

  “IThe Cabinet’S working up an
appetite,” he reported cheerfully.
“We’ve adjourned long enough to
have you ask us out to dinner this
evening.”

  Captain Velvet’s smile vanished
slowly and a thoughtful cast came
over his countenance.

  “You mean out to my house?”

  “ Yes, indeed.”

The good captain stroked his beard.
Unconsciously, perhaps, he reached
into their pretty tree of expectations
and plucked away one of the brightest
fruits.

  “Well, we won’t eat out there to-
night,” he said flatly. “ There’s too
much—for us to do right here.”

  He turned and shuffled over several
papers that lay before him; he
bunched them and tucked them care-
fully into his flat, worn old wallet—
and Robert Pollard smiled quite as
serenely.

  There were other nights, of course,
and a vault that has stayed in place,
presumably, for quarter of a century,
may be depended upon to remain
passive a little longer.

  And as he smiled the good captain
reached out with both hands into their
pretty tree and tore away an entire
side; for he patted the wallet and
looked at Robert Pollard and said:
“They’ve got some darned particu-
lar, methodical people in the United
States navy, hey ? ”

  “ They have to be,” the Minister of
State murmured pleasantly.

  “ Well, they are! All these papers
are itemized receipts from the com-
mander of the battle-ship that sailed
out of here last night for New York! ”
The captain laid the wallet carefully
in his pocket and became confidential.

  “ You see, Robby,” he said, “ I’ve
kept an awful quantity of valuable
stuff in my home for years and years—
millions of dollars’ worth, more’n any
man has any business keeping around
the house.”

  “Yes?” said the Minister of State,
with lips suddenly grown dry.

  “ It just struck me what a safe place
New York is for money and what a
fool thing it was to keep all that in the
house! ” chuckled the good captain.

  “ So I just fixed it with the com-
mander of that battle-ship when he
was ashore day before yesterday, and
he’s going to put it all in a real vault
for me, up in your home town—four
little boxes, two steel trunks, four oak
chests—and them’s the receipts! ”

CHAPTER VIII.

THE BITTER TRUTH.

PRIMITIVE man was rather
   strong in William Ryan.

Sting him sufficiently and he
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	27

worked back inevitably to physical
violence as the only possible answer;
and just now, looking at Captain Vel-
vet, his color rose angrily and his fists
clenched.

  In a matter of three or four sec-
onds the Brute would be seeking to
thrash the captain for sending his own
goods to safety, Mr. Pollard observed
—and the sight served to subdue cer-
tain lively emotions that were rising
in his own bosom.

  He stepped forward quickly and
tucked an innocent-looking hand un-
der Mr. Ryan’s arm with a warning
twitch at his sleeve ; and as the Brute
relaxed somewhat, breathing heavily,
he turned his smile back upon the cap-
tain and said:

  “ So it’s—all gone, eh ? ”

  “ Every sou,” muttered the presi-
dent pro tem. "There ain’t five dol-
lars’ worth in that house, outside the
furnishings.

  “ That reminds me—I was thinking
of it when I was locking the stuff up
—that reminds me of a feller down on
the Gold Coast, away back in—lemme
see—”

  He ran his fingers through the thick
shock of hair and hummed for a mo-
ment.

  “Well, it was the April Nick Cor-
rigan tried to drive a spear through
me and got a six-foot box for his
pains, anyway,” he reflected. “ I’ll tell
you about it, Robby. We’d had a
pretty good season—that was the year
I worked with Henry Doblin — we’d
had a pretty good year and pretty ex-
citing, the way it always is when you
have to quit work every fifteen min-
utes and blow the head off some
blamed native in the bush. But we
got along nicely and—”

  Perhaps the meanest form of im-
politeness is listening with an atten-
tive smile and thinking of something
miles removed from the speaker at the
same time.

  Broadly speaking, the momentary
Cabinet of Santa Chanza were a well-
mannered trio; yet at the moment
each of the three lost the thread of
the good captain’s narrative in
thoughts of his own.

  Vaguely, to be sure, they were
aware of shovels rattling down
through the decades and the swish of
precious sand in the gold-pans and the
incessant popping of firearms; vague-
ly, too, they assimilated disjointed de-

tails of assault, murder, arson, and
larceny, given and taken promiscu-
ously on the happy Gold Coast.

  Yet dark night was upon them at
the end of the tale, and they became
simultaneously aware of the electrics
and of Captain Velvet’s:

  “And that’s what he got, damn
him! ”

  “And it served him right, I’m
sure! ” the Minister of State agreed
absently.

  “ I always serve ’em right, Robby,”
the captain added, unexpectedly. “I
never served any one wrong yet. If
a feller’s a good friend o’ mine, I’d
shoot down his last enemy for him—
and if a feller tries to get the best o’
me, I never rest till I’ve given him all
he needs, and good and plenty! ”

  He leaned back and yawned com-
fortably.

  A whistling little sigh escaped Mr.
Evans. His lips were working nerv-
ously, too, and his hands twitched.

  “We’d better—go on with the Cab-
inet meeting?” he suggested.

  ’“Better have a bite to eat first,” the
captain said kindly. “ These here
hotels in Relampago don’t amount to
much. I’ve told Bentino to bring in a
little snack, and—here he is.”

  The chief of secret police entered
breathlessly and rather strangely, too,
for he had acquired a sweeping mus-
tache, a long goatee, and a hat several
sizes too large since his exit.

  He bore packages, and he laid them
on the presidential desk with:

  “ It is, I think, safe. In the dis-
guise I have not been recognized.”
Captain Velvet looked at him sharp-
ly and projected fifteen seconds of
wholly unintelligible Spanish in his
direction.

  The chief of secret police glanced
covertly at the Cabinet and replied
even more cryptically, removing his
mustache with a twitch of one hand
and his goatee with a twitch of the
other, and waving both in an inex-
plicable apologetic manner.

  He concluded with a violent shrug;
and the captain barked a sharp half
dozen words and watched Bentino
back out before he said heartily:
“Here it is — crackers and cheese
and some nice jam, too. Yes, and he
got some tamales, I see, and—”

  “Yes, about six days old!” the
Brute submitted discourteously. “ Hey!
Is the credit of this administration so
28	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

rotten a man has to put on a false face
to— ’

  He paused, for the good captain
drowned his rude words in a roar of
hearty merriment.

  He wound up by patting William
Ryan’s arm and extending a cracker-
box as he said:

  “ It isn’t as bad as that, Bill.
Benny’s just a little native detective
and he has to have his disguise or quit.
He—that was funny, wasn’t it ? ”

  “ It struck me funny, too! ” the
Snake said forcefully. “ I—”

  Captain Velvet grinned complacent-
ly at him and drove his excellent teeth
through an impromptu sandwich.

  “ I’ll tell you a funnier one than
that, Jimmy,” he stated, from some-
where behind. “ This was something
that happened on the ragged edge of
Papua, when—sit down! ” _

  He waved to the official leather
chairs and chuckled happily.

  “ Out there they eat men, you
know—”

  It was, doubtless, an excellent story
and thoroughly appetizing; yet again
they failed to absorb its full charm.

  Eating mechanically, yet conscien-
tiously enough since it appeared that
legitimate dinner was not to appear
very soon, they pondered their own
problem so deeply that seconds passed
unnoticed after the story’s conclusion
before:

  “ Well, didn’t that strike you
funny ? ” from the captain.

  Robert Pollard laughed spasmod-
ically.

  “ It’s a scream! ” he stated inanely.

  “ I don’t usually tell these funny
stories in business hours, but that one
was too good to keep,” the president
pro tem. informed them blandly as he
swept away the crumbs. “ Now, we
won’t ask you to work evenings often,
but I am going to request you to keep
on the job to-night, and I’ll see you
get a little extra for it.”

  “ The idea being that we just go
back there and make a bluff at having
a Cabinet meeting, huh ? ” the Brute
inquired.

  “ That’s absolutely all you have to
do for to-night, Bill,” said the captain,
skirting near the truth with a honeyed
smile. “ The city’s a little upset and
people want to feel that we’re working
overtime to straighten out everything.

  “ And they’re perfectly justified,
boys,” he continued. “ They’re paying

us big wages to do it, and we’ll have
to give ’em something for their money.
Some of the newspaper folks may be
in, and if they are, just send to me for
an interpreter and say that every-
thing’s lovely, and by day after to-
morrow everything’ll be lovelier still.

  “ Say that living’s coming down
about sixty per cent and all the dis-
honest politicians are in jail or on the
way—and say it right, if you have to.”
He beamed approval at them and
watched them walk, calmly enough, to
the corridor.

  Bentino, just without, started nerv-
ously—and smiled and closed the door
for them—and made some sort of sign
to the several faces that appeared,
mysteriously as before, in the main
entrance.

  The faces vanished and a certain
determined quality came into Robert
Pollard’s tread as he hurried into the
Cabinet room and waited for them to
follow.

  And there they looked at one an-
other in silence for some five seconds
before the Brute’s snarled:

  “ Well, the old guy’s trimmed us
again! ”

  “ Nobody could prevent his sending
his own stuff to safety,” Pollard said
bitterly, “but I wish he’d waited an-
other week. Well—that’s all off, and
maybe it’s just as well. We’d have
run big risks trying to clean out his
house, anyway.”

  “ I’m willing to forget it,” the Snake
put in, suspending his feast of under-
lip for a moment, “ but what’s so queer
about this house ? ”

  “ That’s what I’m thinking of,
Snake,” confessed the chief. “ Why
aren’t there people around here ? ”

  “ There are, out on the front porch
—a dozen of ’em! ” Mr. Ryan con-
tributed. “They stick in their faces
when they hear a step and that little
comedy cop waves ’em off again.”
“And why did we have to eat din-
ner here and chew up a lot of stale
crackers when we passed three good
hotels walking up from—” injected
the Snake.

  “And if it comes to that, what sort
of dump is it where a man has to put
on false whiskers to buy food—and
what did he mean when he said it was
safe and he hadn’t been recognized?”
the Brute inquired further. “ And
then again—”

  “ Stop that shouting, Bill! ” com-
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	29

manded Mr. Pollard, with lips that
were not quite so ruddy as usual.
“ That doesn’t help any. There’s
something all wrong here. I didn’t
spot it before, in the excitement, but
it’s here fast enough. What is it? ”
Again they stared at one another
for a little; and the Snake produced
the one sound conclusion.

  “ Whatever it is,” he said hoarsely,
“ we’re the goats! ”

  “ Not necessarily,” Pollard snapped.
“We — confound it! Who does
know ? ”

  “ Robby,” said the Brute, and tapped
his guiding intelligence upon the
shoulder, “ that shrimp of ours knows,
if we had him here. That little guy
out in the hall knows, too.”

  “ And he’s nearer,” said the Minis-
ter of State, with a sudden smile.
“ Wait a minute.”

  He glanced in the mirror and ex-
amined the smile—it was good, but not
quite magnetic enough.

  He permitted it to broaden and to
glow friendliness; and when it satis-
fied him he took it to the door and
turned its rays down the corridor
upon Bentino as he called:

  “ Oh—you there! ”

  The chief of secret police started
and saluted.

  “ The excellency will desire me ? ”

  “ Just for a moment, if you please,”
the Minister of State said sweetly.
“ Can you come in here ? ”

  He stood back as the chief ap-
proached and permitted him to enter;
he locked the door again and slipped
the key into his pocket.

  “ Bentino,” said the Minister of
State, “just what’s wrong in this
town ? ”

  “ But nothing, excellency,” Bentino
responded in astonishment.

  “ In this palacio, then ? ”

  “ Even less than nothing, excel-
lency,” said the chief.

  “ Everything’s peaceful and happy ?
There is no danger at all, of any
kind ? ” Mr. Pollard purred on.

  The chief of secret police expanded
his chest and prepared for oratory.

  “ Excellency,” he said impressively,
“ peace reigns supreme in all our na-
tive land. Happiness rests like a beau-
tiful bird upon all of Relampago, be-
stowing upon great and small, upon
rich and poor, her benefactions. At
last tyranny has been driven from
Santa Chanza. To you, excellencies—”

  “Well, that’s just tiresome,”
snapped Mr. Pollard as he clutched
Bentino’s throat in a fashion discov-
ered and perfected in the palmy days
of Hell’s Kitchen.

  It was really a wonderful grip. It
clipped Bentino’s speech as shears
might have clipped a running tape.

  More, it lifted the chief of secret
police from his feet and laid him, from
the waist up, along the Cabinet’s table;
and as he stretched there the Minister
of State permitted his fingers to tight-
en a little as he leaned close and
hissed:

  “ Bentino, I’m going to ease up a
little on these fingers. If you let out
just one little peep, they’ll come down
again and I’ll twist your lying little
head off and throw it out the window.
Understand that ? ”

  Half an inch the official head man-
aged to bob in acquiescence, while the
eyes protruded toward Mr. Pollard.

  “Just one wail or one wriggle and
you’re done, Benny! ” the Minister of
State repeated. “ Now, what’s wrong
here ? ”

  “ It is—as nothing, excellency,”
choked the chief of secret police. “ A
mere threatened—assassination! ”

  “ Whose?”

  “ Yours, excellency.”

  “What?” shrieked the Minister of
Finance. “ Are they trying to get
himt”

  “ And you, excellency — and the
other excellency,” Bentino bubbled.

  “ Velvet himself is trying to do
this ? ” Mr. Pollard asked thickly.

  “ But never! ” cried his victim. “ In
all the world, he desires most that you
exist to be his Cabinet. And for the
rest, it is nothing, excellency. I—I
and my men—>we shall prevent and
protect and—”

  “ Never mind your end of it. Who’s
at the bottom of it ? ”

  The chief of police gurgled dismally
over his third good breath.

  “ In our stricken city there are fac-
tions unfriendly to the beloved Seiior
Pacato, excellency,” he said. “ They
threaten—they plot—they would kill
gladly—”

  “And that’s why there was no Cab-
inet here when we arrived ? ” Pollard
asked quickly.

  “It is so!”

  “Were they—murdered?” the Min-
ister of State inquired, with some
difficulty.
30	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

  “ Of a certainty, no! ” said Ben-
tino, with a ghastly little smile from
his table. “ They have executed ju-
dicious previous resignations.”

  The Minister of Finance’s mind, al-
ways abnormally keen, grew even
morbidly active.

  He gripped the chief’s lean arm and
demanded:

  “ At a guess, nobody in the whole
blasted country would take the jobs,
hey ? That’s why we got ’em ? ”

  “ The excellency speaks with the
tongue of great knowledge,” confessed
the chief of secret police. “ Yet be
without fear! I am here, excellencies
—I, Bentino! Each door is guarded
faithfully. When you walk abroad an
army shall surround you, each man—”
The Minister of State jerked him
from the table.

  “ Listen! ” he commanded. “ If you
want to die quick, go in and tell Vel-
vet what I’ve done to you! ”

  “ Excellency! ” Bentino smiled bit-
terly, as he felt all the way around his
throat. “ Did he but know that I have
communicated the truth to you, your
labor would be spared—for he is a
just man, but merciless. But remain
unafraid, ex—”

  “ Get out of here! ” snarled the
Minister of State as he jabbed the
key into the door.

  The portal he jerked open, too, and
directed a vicious swing at the un-
happy secret investigator as he passed
like a flash of light.

  An instant, as he struck the opposite
wall of the corridor, he turned to glare
at the Minister of State—and then the
door had closed and that high digni-
tary of Santa Chanza was facing his
somewhat paler friends and crying:

  “ Well, he got us, after all! He got
us like rats in a trap, the—”

  His voice failed him for a moment;
Mr. Pollard, in fact, turned crimson
with uncontrollable fury.

  His clenched, shaking hands rose
above his well-shaped head and he
choked: “ The old hound fooled me
—and I thought I had him right that
time. But III get him! I’ll get him
just as sure as—”

  “ I wouldn’t yell about it just now,
Robby,” said the Minister of Finance
hoarsely. “We know now what he
meant when he said he always handed
it back to his enemies.”

  “ Yes, and what are we going to
do?” Mr. Ryan asked, more prac-

tically, as his scared eyes roved the
line of dark windows.

  A last terrific effort and Robert Pol-
lard’s vibrating being came under con-
trol.

  “We’re going to empty that treas-
ury and leave with the bundle, by its
back window, inside of two minutes ! ”
he said lucidly. “ If that little dub of
a detective’s out there, we’ll snatch
him up and lock him in the vault,
and—”

  “And then right out of the coun-
try ? ” the Snake asked feverishly,

  “As straight as—” the Minister of
State began fiercely—and stopped.

  In the corridor there seemed to be
a small commotion; it subsided almost
immediately and light steps pattered
to the door of the Cabinet room, and
the door opened.

  Zarapa, the graftless dwarf, stood
before them, hatless, breathless, with
hands waving irresponsibly.

 “ Senor!” he said to Robert Pol-
lard. “ That I might have died be-
fore this moment! ”

 “ What?”

  “ Listen ! ” commanded his first as-
sistant.

  They did it readily enough. Heads
bent, they strained their ears; and
there was small enough need for the
straining.

  All too distinctly they caught the
steady tramp, tramp, tramp of many
feet and the distant murmur of many
voices; and the murmur rose to an
ominous growl and died to a rumble
again.

  “ They are coming! ” the First As-
sistant announced. “They—the mob!”

 “Coming for what?” rasped the
Minister of Finance.

  The first aid to the State Depart-
ment wrung his hands in a heart-
broken fashion that was most dis-
turbing.

  “For you, senors!” he cried.

CHAPTER IX.

PAID IN FUU,.

'T'HE pleasing thing would be to re-
late how, with the perfectly sub-
stantial mob at hand, the real, steel-
sheathed grit in Robert Pollard and
his friends came to the surface—how
they clasped hands in a grim farewell,
and then, back to back, fought like
demons until the anti-Pacato ranks
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	31

were decimated and the bleeding rem-
nant shrieked for quarter — how,
thereafter, respected by Captain Vel-
vet, idolized by the proletariat, they
renounced crime forever and settled
down to live and die as solid citizens
of the little republic.

  But since the purely pleasing is
rarely the possible, be it noted that,
as one man, the Cabinet of Santa
Chanza turned pale; and the Minister
of State, gripping the infinitesimal
Zarapa and shaking him violently,
cried:

  “ What d’ye mean, they’re coming
for us ? ”

  The First Assistant stifled a noisy
wheeze of terror.

  “ That and nothing else, senor! ”

  “ But—”

  “ See! ” The little man looked
longingly toward his closet for an in-
stant. “I have been abroad. I have
attended to many details. Even now
the servants of the unspeakable Vel-
vet are riding their mules madly down
the coast; even now his execrable
kitchen reeks with sleeping potions;
even now, I say, the swiftest automo-
bile in all Santa Chanza will—”

  Without—and to the best of their
judgment not farther away than the
opposite side of the parked square—
the inconvenient mob elevated its
voice again.

  Distantly some one howled a strange
Spanish phrase; a thousand voices
took it up and howled as well—and
then the tramp, tramp came nearer.

  “Damn Velvet and his stuff!” the
Minister of State panted. “ What
about this? Did he start it ? ”

  “ He ? But no! ” Zarapa laughed,
with a hideous quaver. “ This, senor,
which comes, is the army! ”

  “ The army! ”

  “ I have listened,” ihe little man
went on quickly. “ I have heard
enough; I came to warn you—too late,
perhaps. The whole army has risen
—ten thousand men. Agitators of
Sanchez have stirred the officers to
fury, goaded the men to desperation.
Sanchez has promised them full pay—”

  The Minister of War came to the
front suddenly, so thoroughly upset
by the sinister noises in the night that
he lurched into the duties of his ex-
alted office.

  “ What’s this about the army get-
ting paid?” he demanded indignantly.
“ Ain’t I paying ’em enough now ? ”

  “Senor,” said Zarapa, and looked
genuine compassion at William Ryan
from his wicked little eyes, “you have
not paid them for three long, hungry
years! ”

  “Why don’t they come and talk it
over quietly, then?” their ostensible
head asked wildly.

  And at that point sheer fright
hushed him and caused the Cabinet to
draw close together, for under the
very walls of the palacio had risen a
roar that would have made the howl-
ing of a wolf-pack seem musical.

  A moment or two, and it dropped
away, and one voice spoke—a loud,
rough voice that had little to say, and
said it in few words.

  There was a pause as the owner of
the voice concluded; and then a mut-
tering, and after that, for several
frightful seconds, complete silence
that seemed even more ominous.

  Voices, for the time, left the dread-
ful night; the sound of feet took their
place.

  Some shuffled; some walked rest-
lessly; from the main entrance of the
palacio came the sharp click, click of
several pairs of heels, ascending with
military precision; and Zarapa bright-
ened slightly.

  “ Strange! ” he muttered. “ But
they have not yet fired the palacio!
It was that they proposed, senors,
when I heard—that and the shooting
of yourselves as you jumped from the
windows! ”

  The clicking of the heels stopped at
the entrance and moved uncertainly.
In the Cabinet room they seemed to
hear Bentino’s tones for a moment,
shrilly; they heard his step—and then,
sharply, Captain Velvet’s large voice
and a slam of his door.

  After which the click, click, click
was resumed, straight down the corri-
dor to the door of the Cabinet’s room.

  Given a comfortable fireside, a pipe,
and plenty of time, almost any one can
devise to the finest detail his escape
from a hypothetical blazing hotel or a
roaring lion.

  Only the extraordinary man can
contrive to back gracefully away from
the real thing at three or four sec-
onds’ warning; and it appeared that
Santa Chanza’s Cabinet w?<? not com-
posed of extraordinary men just then,
for they merely stood and, eyes glued
to the expensive panel work of the en-
trance, shook!
32	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

  Uncertainty, of course, was almost
absent from the proposition, yet they
found no comfort in the fact.

  They might flee by the windows, if
they chose, and take whatever the
amiable horde below had to offer; or
they might wait as they were until
the horde’s obvious delegation walked
in and, presumably, escorted them
forth to whatever sort of auto da fe
the quaint customs of the country de-
creed fitting for undesired ministers.

  In any event, it was plain that Cap-
tain Velvet had retired from the field
in good order, and that his powerful,
popular personality would in no way
dist'ract attention from themselves as
star actors—and when they had
worked so far through a painful men-
tal haze, the door opened.

  There was no rush in either direc-
tion.

  In fact, but for his pallor, Bentino
might have been a grinning page, ush-
ering in ordinary visitors; they caught
his uncanny smile for an instant as
the three callers entered. They
backed away a pace or two, did the
Cabinet; and then they paused.

  For a little, at least, physical attack
was not meditated. The round, little
man with the bloodthirsty mustaches
strode straight to the center of the
room and stopped short.

  Behind him, two tall, lean men
marched, stopping when he stopped,
and peering savagely at their coun-
try’s Cabinet—and while various sar-
torial touches indicated that the two
might possibly be officers of some sort,
there was no doubt at all about the
round man.

  His coat bore some six or seven
pounds of gold braid that had glis-
tened brightly in the dear long ago;
his head, still covered, boasted possi-
bly the most unique cocked hat in the
universe; a long sword rattled at his
side, and one hand even wore a glove,
some time white, but mellowed by time
and dust to a becoming gray.

  “ It is Abipo! ” muttered the first
assistant Minister of State, with real
awe.

  Mr. Pollard drew breath.

 “Who?”

  “ Manuelo Abipo, the general, se-
nor! commander-in-chief of our entire
army! ” said his aid.

  A moment the commander seared
Zarapa with his fiery eye and cleared
his throat explosively.

  The pair behind leaned forward
with sudden attention for the words
to come, and the commander-in-chief
barked just once at the first assistant.

  Zarapa recoiled a little and rubbed
his hands; and then, almost imper-
ceptibly, his eyes slanted toward Will-
iam Ryan and looked straight ahead
again.

  Brief though the glance, it semed
to be all the commander required. One
side step and he arrived directly in
front of the Minister of War and the
lean pair fell into position directly be-
hind him.

  Again he cleared his throat and sa-
luted majestically—and sudden anger
caused the Minister of War to regain
some of his composure, for he de-
manded :

  “ Say! Is this thing trying to kid

me? ”

  “ He salutes, senor,” Zarapa sug-
gested gently.

  And he was doing more than salute
now. Head thrown back, the com-
mander-in-chief of Santa Chanza’s
army spoke sonorously and slowly at
first, but with subdued dramatic ef-
fect.

  A minute and his tone had risen,
and the utterly meaningless flow was
rippling more swiftly.

  Another, and each new point ac-
companied by a thrilling gesture, he
was working to the climax of the
speech—and it came in a roar that
would have done credit to any grand
opera barytone, and the commander
relaxed and looked William Ryan
straight in the eye.

  Plainly, however little the Minister
of War might suspect the fact, he had
driven in a collection of absolutely
unanswerable arguments.

  “Was he talking to me?” the Min-
ister of War asked blankly.

  “ He was delivering the message of
the army, senor,” Zarapa said with
some haste; “ or the first part of it, at
any rate. He says, senor, that he is at
best a poor speaker, having conse-
crated his life to war and the eternal
battle for freedom. which brave men
like himself are called upon to fight
for their countries. He says that his
youth was spent in learning the voice
of the guns, senor, and that he is no
master of flowery speech; but that,
poor agent though he may be of an
afflicted army, he will—”

  The commander-in-chief had re-
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	33

gained breath and was speaking again,
rather more loudly, it seemed, by way
of drowning out Zarapa.

  He went at it in earnest this time,
too; stepping very close to William
Ryan and shouting meaningless words
into his face in the most discourteous
fashion; he stood away and threw his
hands aloft, and then, dropping his
voice by degrees, lowered the hands
simultaneously until they reached the
level of his knees, when he executed
a strange, guttural growl for all of fif-
teen seconds.

  It was not quite the end, for the
commander folded his arms across his
reasonably mighty chest and blistered
his minister with the gaze of an utter-
ly outraged man as he thundered out a
last solid minute of dramatic Spanish.

  And then, as a balloon which has
done its full duty and deliberately
punctured itself with a pin, the com-
mander relaxed altogether and turned
to mutter with his aides, leaning on
his sword with one hand, twirling his
mustaches with the other.

  Robert Pollard had sufficient assur-
ance to produce a faint smile, but Za-
rapa nipped it in the bud with:

  “It is not to laugh, senor! You
have quite understood ? ”

  “ No.”

  “ He says that the army has suffered
long and patiently without one cent of
pay; he says that two years ago they
were paid in full with government
promissory notes, which the Cabinet
officially declared illegal a little later
—and that last year they were paid
with a special issue of government
bonds.

  “ He says, senor, that since no one
would buy the bonds in other coun-
tries, even the government here which
issued them concluded that they must
be worthless, and refused to redeem
them—and that thus the suffering sol-
diers have seen no money for a period
so long that their families are starv-
ing ! ”

  “Was that all?” inquired the Min-
ister of War.

  “ By no means, senor. He said that
now the end has come and he can no
longer control his troops. They de-
mand full pay for all of the last three
yaars, and that failing, they promise
to eliminate from Santa Chanza a
government so perfidious. It is to pay
instantly or die, senor—that is what
he said at the last, and I fear—”

  The First Assistant Minister of State
relapsed into silence with a heavy
sigh and shrugged his shoulders in a
really dismal fashion; yet his depres-
sion was not. communicated to the
head of his department.

  Mr. Pollard, in fact, shot a quick
and rather cheerful glance at William
Ryan, and both glanced at the Snake.

  With one impulse they turned and
walked to the farther side of the room
as Mr. Pollard said curtly:

  “ Find out how much he wants for
the whole army, Zarapa.”

  The first assistant reeled.

  “ The most elevated senor would
pay from his personal pocket ? ” he
gasped.

  “ In a sense,” said Mr. Pollard
briefly, “ this Cabinet’s going into
session now to talk it over.”

  And he turned to William Ryan
with: “Well?”

  “ Don’t put it up to me,” the Minis-
ter of War said warmly. “ I never
saw the army before, let alone owe it
money! ”

  “ I’m not putting it up to you; I’m
putting it up to the Minister of Fi-
nance, I suppose,” Mr. Pollard grinned.
“ Shall we do it ? ”

  “ Pay ’em off ? ” the Snake asked un-
happily.

  “ Yes! ”

  “ It’ll make an awful hole in the
treasury, Robby, if they want too
much;” the Minister of Finance said
with commendable caution. “ I tell
you, I’d been figuring on a full five
millions to take back and—”

  “ Well, they’ll make an awful mess
of us if they don’t get it, however
much they may want,” the Minister of
State said, “ and we’re going to do it.
And if it comes down to that, thank
Heaven we can do it! ”

  The Minister of War sighed too.

  “ Maybe there’s some reason why
they shouldn’t be paid ? ” he said lame-
ly. “ Maybe it’s a rotten army, any-
way, and not worth getting paid. With
all that good coin locked up—”

  “I think I’ve got that bundle of
money properly tagged,” said the Min-
ister of State. “ I imagine that it’s
some sort of emergency reserve fund
that they’ve kept tucked away for ex-
treme need of some kind—and they’ve
probably kept some kind of unwritten
law about leaving it where it is.

  “ Anyway, it’s there,” he concluded
with profound satisfaction, “ and a lit-
34	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

tie of it’s going to keep us above
ground instead of below, and—”

  He broke off at the sound of the
approaching Zarapa.

  The First Assistant Minister of State
seemed able to move at nothing better
than a shuffle; his small shoulders
bowed and his hands dangled loosely.

  He came to his chief much in the
style of a badly beaten cur and spoke
in a thin, small voice:

  “ It is, as you say, the finish, senor!
It was in my hope that they could
hear the voice of reason, but this is
not so. In the army are, all told, two
hundred and fifty companies. Each
company, senor, for officers and men,
demands four thousand dollars! It is
—a—million—dollars that they ask! ”
breathed the first assistant, and sagged
limply toward his chief.

  Across the big room the commander
and his personal staff seemed aston-
ished at the new Minister of State
and his manner of hearing their joint
death-warrant. Mr. Pollard merely
drew himself up and nodded calmly to
his assistant.

  “ Four thousand dollars a company,
eh?”

  “ Abipo says it! ”

  “ Each company has a captain ? ”
the Minister of State asked crisply.

  “ I suppose so, senor” said Zarapa,
and looked up wonderingly. “ Why ? ”
“ You’ll go straight to that impor-
tant little fool over there and tell him
to line up his wretched captains out-
side, Zarapa! ” Mr. Pollard ordered.
“ Tell him that within ten minutes I
will give the word and they may file
through this room, each man taking
the money for his own company and
handing me his personal receipt! ”

  He shot a wintry glance at the com-
mander, who stared.

  “ Tell him also that the Minister of
War had contemplated doubling the
pay of all officers to-morrow, and that
having listened to his speech this will
not be done. Hustle! ”

  The First Assistant Minister of State
crossed the room like a man in a
dream, yet the man was certainly not
Zarapa.

  His shoulders had squared phenom-
enally; he looked the commander-in-
chief up and down with contempt and
spoke sharply; he ended, even, by
snapping his fingers in the fiery
Abipo’s very mustache—and then he
leaned on the table and watched with

cold interest as all three officers spoke
at once and to each other, hands wav-
ing, voices soaring.

  They turned, in half a minute, and
bowed low to the Cabinet; they stood
erect and marched out of the room—
and a wild, new light spattered from
Robert Pollard’s eye.

  “ I’ve got it now! ” he said tensely.
‘‘ Let’s get that money and I’ll tell you
in the, treasury vault.”

  He turned and strode straight from
the apartment, with the Ministers of
War and Finance following silently.

  A lonely pair of incandescents,
burning in the corridor, shone on
them for an instant and then permit-
ted the smaller passage to shroud them
in kindly darkness; and in the gloom
Mr. Pollard fumbled through the
treasury keys and chuckled insanely.

  The main door opened and was
bolted behind them; the vault door
opened and he dived for the far com-
partment and selected two of the pack-
ages of money; and with half a mil-
lion dollars under either arm he spoke
in the manner of a rapid-fire gun:

  “ Bill! Snake! We’ve got this
country tied up in a bundle and all
ready to move. It never struck me
till just that instant. When we’ve
paid that rabble in full they’ll be han-
dling the first real money they’ve seen
in three years and we’ll be the most
popular people in the whole republic!
Get it?”

  “ No,” confessed the Minister of
War.

   When we’ve got the army, we’ve
got the country! Once that army’s
paid off, I’m going to be president!"

  “ Good night! ” gasped the Minis-
ter of Finance.

  “ It’s the hot climate that’s got
him! ” the Minister of War said bro-
kenly. “ Robby, for the love o’ Mike,
if your head hurts—”

  “ I’m going to be president, and I’m
going to put the rollers under Velvet
so fast that he’ll never know when he
started to slide—and he’ll never stop
till doomsday! I’m some cussed little
payer of grudges myself, and when I
get all done with him I’ll sleep all
night every night with a grin from
one ear to the other,” the Minister of
State said serenely as he locked the
compartment and laughed aloud.

“ Come on. Let’s fix things for the
dance before the music gets there! ”
A mere spectator must have ad-
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.	36

mired Robert Pollard’s mien as he re-
turned to the Cabinet chamber, for it
was the mien of a brave man.

  Head up, he smiled placid good
cheer; and the smile broadened sud-
denly at the sound of a shout from the
mob without.

  There was no mistaking the quality
of that last outburst; it was approval
and nothing else, and his vivid imagi-
nation identified it instantly as the first
of many thousand similar shouts in
the time to come.

  It was a large situation, and he ap-
propriated it with a total disregard of
any rights the Minister of Finance
might possess.

  Zarapa he stationed at the door, by
way of regulating the line that was al-
ready forming at the main entrance,
and the little man shook and giggled
hysterically at the turn of affairs and
the pile of bank-notes upon the table.
To the last one, they were of the thou-
sand dollar denomination, and Mr.
Pollard plunged headlong into them,
picking off piles of four, counting
them and laying them aside and count-
ing further piles.

  And when fifty or so lay ready, and
the Snake, in a trance state, sorted
out other dozens of little piles, Mr.
Pollard signaled to his first assistant
and called:

  “ One at a time! Ready! ”

  The door opened and a queer man
entered — a lean man, with hungry
eyes, who clutched his heart as he
darted forward to the table.

  The Minister of State spoke brisk-
ly:

  “Captain? Here’s yours. Is that
paper your receipt? Give it to me and
get out! Next! ”

  He pushed the lean man aside and
watched the new lean man enter and
go through much the same perform-
ance. This one, to be sure, halted and
gasped for a moment, and the Minis-
ter of State rapped out:

  “ Move that fellow right along here,
Zarapa! Tell that first one to get out!
We can’t give up the whole night to
this job. Get ’em going! ”

  The first assistant obeyed. Hardly
a minute and they were “ going.”
Entering not more than a dozen
yards apart, strange, lean, unshaven
Santa Chanzans, some in uniform,
more in almost any sort of raiment;
some with guns and some without,
straggled into the Cabinet room,

crossed it, received each his little pile
and moved on again. Twenty of them
had been paid, and then thirty; and
now, as Mr. Pollard turned for a new
supply of money he noted that a fifth
of the army had received its pay and
he laughed gently:

  “ Velvet’s put some big ones over,
but he never came within a mile of
this! ”

  He winked at the Minister of War
and then ceased smiling.

  “Well, what the devil’s wrong?”

  “ I was only wondering, Robby,
what happened to the cheers ? ” Mr.
Ryan said oddly.

 “What?”

  “ The first three that went out of
here started a rfiot! ” muttered the
Minister of War. “ They weren’t out-
side before the rest started cheering
and howling; after that they put the
soft pedal on the cheers and this last
two dozen’s started a growl—every
darned one of ’em! ”

  “ Nonsense! ” said the Minister of
State.

  “ Is it? ” asked the Minister of War.
“ Listen! ”

  He put up a finger and the Minister
of State turned toward the window in
genuine astonishment, for in the open
air a snarl was rising, rumbling and
ominous as before.

  It grew, too, to a rattling roar and—

  “If it comes down to that, where’s
the rest of your captains ? ” the Snake
asked swiftly. “ What became of the
line? ”

  Front the doorway Zarapa turned
bewildered.

  “ One does not comprehend! ” he
stated. “ There is not, as says the
American, one man-jack without,
where two minutes back a solid hun-
dred stood and jested! ”

  “ Is that — corridor empty ? ” Mr.
Pollard stammered.

  “ It is—” began his first assistant;
and then amended: “—not!"

  For dozens of heels were rattling on
the noisy tiles now, and they were
headed for that center of interest, the
Cabinet room.

  They stopped with a shuffling slide
and the door burst open.

  Abipo, commander-in-chief, thudded
into the room and across the rug, and
behind him pounded a score of wild-
eyed men.

  Wild-voiced they were, too, for they
all chattered at once; and, for the mat-
36	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

ter of that, wild-handed; above their
heads, clutching fingers of various
shades of brown waved the gold-tint-
ed money of Santa Chanza.

  Abipo himself had garnered quite a
remarkable collection of the wealth;
he shook it at Robert Pollard and
grew downright impolite, for he spat
upon it and hurled it at Robert Pol-
lard’s feet.

 And then, through the center of
them, a too familiar figure forced its
way. Captain Velvet thundered over
to the table and the men beside it as
he cried:

  “ What is it ? What devilment have
you started now ? ”

 The Minister of State eyed him
coldly.

 “ I’m paying off the army,” he
stated.

  With every breath a snort the cap-
tain restrained himself and pointed to
the pile of wealth upon the table, and
the quiet ip his veins was terrible.

  “ With that? ” he demanded.

 “ With that money, which hasn't
been out of your treasury for more
than ten minutes,” Mr. Pollard said,
with crisp contempt. “ It’s the first
visible sign of honesty and square
dealing that your unlucky army has
seen from this wretched little country
in three—”

  “You!” thundered Captain Velvet.
“ Wasn’t there trouble enough here
without this? Weren’t things badly
enough upset without trying to fool
them with that waste paper ? ”

 “Waste paper?” wheezed from the
Minister of Finance.

  “ Yes, waste paper! ” the president
pro tcm repeated obligingly. “ That’s
a batch of bills we turned down five
years ago because the engraving was
too bad—that’s a style of bill that was
never even issued.”

  For the , moment he lost himself
completely and shook both fists in
Robert Pollard’s rigid countenance.

  “ That ain’t money ! ” Captain Vel-
vet screamed furiously. “ That’s just
trash the janitor forgot to throw out.”

CHAPTER X.

THE WHEEL OF FATE.

A FILM, sickening, semiopaque,
dropped before Robert Pollard’s
eyes. His gaze turned glassy.

 He clawed weakly at the edge of

the Cabinet table and stared stupidly
at the president pro tem.

  Ordinary shocks, the Minister of
State could endure in a fashion quite
debonair; but having handed himself
an entire empire and reliquished it,
all in a matter of ten or twelve min-
utes, he stood petrified, thunderstruck!

  “ Isn’t—money ? ” he choked.

  “ No, and—”

  “ But it is money! You’re crazy! ”
rasped the Minister of State and shook
his head to clear the numbed brain.
“We took it from—”

  “ I know where you took it, and I’m
not crazy, by a long shot! ” said Cap-
tain Velvet, grimly calm again. “We
had fifteen million dollars’ worth of
that stuff made up by an engraver
down here years ago, and he made
just sixteen mistakes in the plate. We
rejected it, and I supposed the blasted
stuff had been burned up years ago.
Well?”

  His hard eyes glinted as he waited
for Mr. Pollard’s answer.

  The Minister of State reached un-
certainly for one of his cherished
thousand-dollar notes and tried to
study it; and ignorant as he might be
of Spanish, it took no more than ten
seconds to discover that, badly done
from one end to the other, the
wretched thing was not even signed!

  “ Say ! What did you mean by turn-
ing that stage money over to me,
then ? ” the Snake demanded thinly.
“I’ve got a reputation, and—”

  “ Not the kind any one can damage,
Jimmy,” Captain Velvet said candidly.
“ And I didn’t turn anything over to
you: I made you Minister of Finance.
There hasn’t been ten cents in the na-
tional treasury for two years, so far
as I know! ”

  Mr. Pollard’s wits, at least, were re-
turning.

  “ And yet you hired us, you crooked
old—”

  Captain Velvet’s remarkable eye
halted him abruptly; yet the captain’s
smile, small and unpleasant, was actu-
ally bored.

  “ I hired you three because I owed
you a favor or two, and I guess we
won’t stand here and discuss morals
just now,” he said. f:What are you
going to do about it ? ”

  “ About what ? ”

  “ About paying—well, your army ? ”
said the captain, as he turned to the
Minister of War.
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT

37

  Mr. Ryan looked what he felt, which
was cold-blooded, violent murder.

  “ Say! If this room wasn’t packed
with your friends—” he began.

  “ Just a minute ! ” said the president
pro tem, and turned to the gathering.

  A sentence or two he spoke to them,
quietly and reassuringly. The com-
mander, removing his hat, bowed low
and issued an order; and his commit-
tee turned and departed, closing the
door behind them, as Captain Velvet
turned back to his Minister of War
with:

  “Well, Bill? They’re gone?”
“Yes, and we’re gone!” thundered
the Minister of War. “And so long
as we’d like to have your company
where we’re going—”

  “ Wait, Bill! ” commanded the Min-
ister of State with white lips, as he
stepped between them. “ There’s noth-
ing to be gained by trying to thrash
him, with his entire army under the
windows.”

  He directed glowering eyes at the
good captain.

  “ Well, you got us into it. How are
you going to get us out of it ? ”

  “ Out of it, Robby ? ” smiled Captain
Velvet. “ By ginger, I dunno! They
were pretty wrathy before, but they’re
plumb crazy now.”

  His smile oozed plain, polite apology
and a total lack of concern.

  “ Y’ see, Robby,” he explained, “ this
army’s been put off with promises for
a long time. As near as I can figure,
they’d have stood promises for another
six months, anyway, till we’d had time
to raise some cash and give ’em enough
to worry along on.

  “ But this thing of trying to hand
’em bad bills in that barefaced way—
I dunno, Robby! ” repeated the cap-
tain, and yawned.

  Outdoors not less than four indi-
vidual voices were addressing the
multitude.

  A wild, blood-freezing cheer an-
swered one .of them, even as the com-
pany in the Cabinet room listened; a
mean, low growl came from another
section—and Captain Velvet shrugged
his shoulders.

  “ I guess you’ve done it now! ” he
said ruefully. “ I’m glad I wasn’t
mixed up in it.”

  “ But you—”

  “Robby, I didn’t do a solitary thing

I	have to reproach myself with! ”
Captain Velvet informed him solemn-

ly. “I—just acted for what seemed
the best, and I must say I looked to
you to do a little better than this. But
it’s done now, and you boys’ll have to
talk it over and find the best way to
quiet ’em down.

  “ I’m going back to my own work
now,” the captain concluded. “ There’s
too much for one president to do as it
is, without shouldering all the Cabi-
net work, too.”

  He nodded amiably at them and
turned and sauntered toward the door
—and they stood and watched him,
motionless.

  Hand oil knob, he turned to smile
again.

  “ I told Abipo you’d have some real
money for ’em inside of one hour,”
he said pleasantly and perfunctorily.
“ They might possibly be able to hold
’em off that long, but—I dunno, I’m
sure. You can’t tell, down here in
Santa Chanza.”

  And he was gone.

  Stunned, they heard him lounge
down the tiling—heard him pause and
speak to some one—heard a confused
muttering of voices answer him, and
then heard the door of the presidential
office close.

  Quite justified, of course, by reason
of his own official burdens, the good
captain had left them to settle their
slight problem as pleased them best.

  “ You can’t tell—down here in Santa
Chanza! ” the Minister of Finance
echoed in stifled, far-away tones.

  “ No, but he can tell! ” the Minister
of War cried bitterly. “If I had
him—”

  The pale Minister of State looked
up from a brief examination of a rug
pattern he would remember to his dy-
ing day; and albeit his eyes suggested
the wild animal at bay, backed into a
corner and waiting, there was an aura
of unearthly calm about him.

  “ There’s nothing to be gained in
worrying about him, damn him! ” he
said. “ Our job’s to get out of here
alive.”

  The Minister of War smiled with
ghastly humor.

  “ That’s a rich man’s job, Robby,”
he said brokenly. “ It’d cost us a mil-
lion dollars.”

  “ It needn’t,” Mr. Pollard said short-
ly. “Look out and see if that mob’s
as thick as before, Jim.”

  Turned obliging for the moment, the
mob spared the Minister of Finance
38	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

his pains; it rumbled like distant thun-
der and crackled back to silence as he
turned toward the window, and Mr.
Pollard, nodding, hurried across to the
door and laid an ear against the panel.

  “ The corridor’s packed! ” he said.

  “And even if it wasn’t, the porch
sounds kind of jammed,” the Minister
of Finance added.

  “ I wasn’t thinking of that. It struck
me that we might make some sort of
bluff at getting real money for them
from the Treasury, if there weren’t
too many around, and then drop out
the window in there.”

  He frowned and peered about in
■sudden astonishment.

  “Where’s Zarapa?”

  “Where the rats go when the ship
sinks, Robby,” said the Minister of
War.

  Mr. Pollard’s lips pursed.

  “ That’s funny,” he said. “ I
thought—”

  His ear returned abruptly to the
panel and he listened again, and then
stepped away hurriedly, muttering.

  What might well be their last
earthly hour of seclusion was evident-
ly to be ruptured, for without haste
or hesitation or undue force the knob
of the Cabinet room turned slowly.

  The door, swinging open a few
inches, revealed the several dozen
pairs of fierce, peering eyes beyond,
and admitted the diminutive Zarapa.

  Outside, to be sure, some thousands
were at a pitch of frenzy; in the Cabi-
net room stood three occasionally des-
perate men whose hearts stood still at
every sound, whose blood trickled ice
at every new shout.

  The room, in fact, was the very cen-
ter of an emotional cyclone; and yet
Zarapa walked in lightly as any danc-
ing master, smiled at them, drew the
cigarette from his lips, and locked the
door.

  “ In the outward surge I disappeared
inadvertently, having been caught upon
Abipo’s sword,” he said pleasantly.
“ I have returned.”

  The same light steps took him to the
Minister of State, and he held up a
newspaper, fresh and inky.

  “ And with this,” he pursued. “ It
is to be feared that danger is at
hand! ”

  They stared their wonder at him;
Zarapa flicked the ash from his ciga-
rette quite nonchalantly.

  “El Sol” he explained as he spread

the sheet. “ It is the organ of San-
chez, senors, and, these last two days,
issues special editions at five minute
intervals, as it would appear. Even
now they are circulating the news of
the most unfortunate money matter.”
Mr. Pollard laughed harshly.

  “ It’s too late to hurt us, anyway,”
he observed.

  “Be not too fully assured, senor,”
the little man said gravely, plainly
missing the sinister sense of the re-
mark. “ See! Here are the alleged
facts, called by Sanchez the crowning
outrage of Santa Chanza’s suffering.
He details them in seventeen different
ways, I think, each more contorted
than its predecessor. This section he
heads ‘The Disease.’ Here'—‘The
Remedy.’ ”

  “ Just those two or three lines? ” the
Snake asked with faint interest.

  “ Even so, senor,” said the First As-
sistant Minister of State. “ He urges
that history be besmirched again with
a triple assassination; he specifies
yourselves and urges the populace to
rise. They are rising! ”

  Outdoors a savage scream split the
early night.

  Indoors its echo came from three
throats as a time-worn musket hurtled
through the pane of the end window
and clattered to the floor.

  “Senors” said Zarapa with deep
conviction, “it is time to go and—”
“ Yes, and get out! ” Mr. Pollard
ordered. “ You’re a pretty good little
sport, and nobody seems to want your
blood at least. Slide out that door
while you can and we’ll do—•”

  The First Assistant was not even
listening.

  Briskly he stepped to the side of the
room and opened his closet; briskly,
too, he laid a hand upon one of its
hooks and caused the back to open;
and he turned and said simply:

  “ This way, senors, and with a little
haste! ” and he indicated the yawning
blackness beyond.	N

  One tremendous second the Cabinet
of Santa Chanza blinked uncompre-
bendingly at the First Assistant Min-
ister of State; another ana they leaped
madly across the room, gazed at the
dark square in which Zarapa’s ciga-
rette glowed faintly, and stepped
through after him.

  It was a still, dark room they had
entered. A yard or two away the little
man’s voice said placidly:
CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

39

  “ Merely the office of that minister
who first employed me, senors. He
was a cautious maiH—for which reason
he still lives happily, far from here.
There is no furniture. This way,
senors, to the cellar.”

  Hinges creaked. The brief flicker
of, a match in the First Assistant’s
hand showed a panel of the wall lying
flat upon the floor, with a yard-square
opening and an excellent flight of
stairs beyond.

  The Cabinet fumbled through dizzi-
ly and the panel swung into place be-
hind them; while, a little below, Za-
rapa called serenely:

  “We shall join hands? It is in this
direction one finds the engine-room,
and quite deserted. And here, senors,
the engine-room and here the stairs to
the back street.”

  He tripped on blithely through im-
penetrable gloom and they stumbled
after, panting, muttering incoherently,
laughing weirdly.

  Once upon a time, long ago, they
had been peace-loving confidence men,
plain, staid criminals who slept in beds,
ate ordinary meals, looked affection-
ately upon the familiar sights of New
York, and asked nothing more than to
remain unmolested.

  Now they had met Captain Velvet
and the whole world had become a
nightmare; there was nothing aston-
ishing in this wild plunge through a
dusty South American cellar, it seemed
to Mr. Pollard’s whirling brain.

  When they reached the top of this
echoing iron flight Zarapa’s voice came
back very sanely:

  “ It will be well to walk as men
who are without care—to mingle with
the crowd, if need be, and cheer when
they cheer. Somewhere behind the
palacio should stand the swift auto-
mobile which my one trusted friend,
Pedro Periera, was to have brought,
but—”

  He opened a door and peered out
into a decidedly quiet little alley; and
his voice rose gleefully:

  “ My faithful Pedro! ”

  “ Is there an automobile there ? ”
cried the Minister of Finance.

  “ It stands not fifty feet distant, se-
nor!” the first assistant informed
him. “ Pedro is strangely absent,
yet—”

  His small anatomy had been thrust
aside.

 The Snake, with a bound, had

passed him, and was sweeping the
dark by-way with a fevered eye; and
a yelp of joy escaped the Snake, and
he dashed at the black, lightless shape
by the curb with the Ministers of State
and War not two yards behind.

  There was a steering-wheel, and
the Snake’s expert hand dabbed at it
for an instant. There was a crank,
and the Snake twirled it—and then
shrieked maniac joy, for an engine
hummed loudly at the first turn!

  And then, since opening the little
door in front would have consumed
the fraction of a precious second, the
Snake cleared it with a flying leap and
landed on the seat.

  Just one brief, backward glance he
gave the rear of the car; they were
scrambling in. His foot jammed down
the clutch pedal; his hand tore at
brake and gear levers.

  James Evans, more familiarly the
Snake, latterly and briefly the Minis-
ter of Finance of Santa Chanza,
jerked up his foot and simultaneously
leaped into his new character of de-
mon chauffeur!

  At the end of the alley a simple na-
tive, smoking and listening to the tur-
moil of a mob which did not interest
him personally, turned his first, last,
and only double somersault, passing
through his doorway upside down and
landing in his pretty home with his
life.

  On and on they roared through the
darkness at frightful speed, then on
up the hill that led to open country.
The Snake switched on the lights and
stared grimly ahead.

  So abruptly that they seemed to have
pitched headlong over a crest, they
were on level ground again and shriek-
ing onward, and presently Zarapa’s
voice screamed faintly:

  “It is to pause, senor! We are
safe! Not twenty men in all Relam-
pago would climb that hill for pay, far
less for mere vengeance! ”

  The Snake listened to the squeak of
his oilless engine and shut it off. And
incontinently, dropping where they
stood, they slept.

  Many hours later Robert Pollard,
rousing, discovered that the sun was
already high.

  The Minister of Finance, too, still
slumbered placidly with heels sprawled
comfortably over the dashboard; and
no insomnia had troubled William
40	CAPTAIN VELVET’S REVOLT.

Ryan, if one might judge by his
thoughtful blinking as he sat with his
back against a rock and studied a real-
ly remarkable panorama.

  Below them lay the city and the sea
—a little city at the distance and a
very large ocean, with Relampago har-
bor a trim little puddle tucked into a
niche of coast and dotted with vessels
of various sizes; ahead lay a turn in
the road, and as the Minister of State,
aware of a splendid appetite, rose
somewhat stiffly and stretched, Zarapa
himself danced around the turn.

  “ Our location has become discov-
ered ! ” he reported. “ See 1 ”

  He pointed a little distance down
the road they had climbed.

  “ The large country-house, which is
closed; one sees it as a little box from
the Plaza Libertad, scnor.”

  He waited as Mr. Pollard studied
the mansion moodily—a big place, im-
posing in its way, yet of no great in-
terest to the Minister of State, for he
said:

  “ I see it. We can’t settle down
there for the rest of our lives, Zarapa.
How are we going to get away from
this charming spot? What’s beyond
the mountains ? ”

  “ Additional mountains, senor.”

  “ Railroad?”

  “ No.”

  Robert Pollard sighed. Mountains,
railroad or anything else, they were in
a bad plight at best, and he was dis-
tinctly hungry.

  “ Passing up this road, senor, there
is the lake,” his assistant began.
“What lake?”

  “An artificial one—the reservoir of
Relampago. It is there one finds the
only fresh water within one hundred
miles of the city, scnor, collected with
great difficulty, from the mountain
streams,” pursued Zarapa with a cer-
tain air of proprietorship.

  “ In the small house at the side lives
the engineer, from the end of one year
to the end of the next. A lonely life,
sciior, and one—”

 “ He must be stocked up with
food?”

  *' Naturally.”

  “ We’ll go and breakfast with him,
and find out how we’re going to get
clear of .this devilish country after-
ward,” said Mr. Pollard as he prodded
the Snake into wakefulness. “ Crank up
and come along. I’m going to walk.”

(To be

  He started up the road, Zarapa
trotting, beside him.

  They made the turn and, topping a
geiftl.o slope, found the city and the
country-house in sight once more; but
the Minister of State paid scant at-
tention to them as he made for the
squat, square, little brick-house with
the tall stack.

  At at its side Zarapa halted him for
a moment and pointed through the
dingy window.

  “A sight of some interest, senor,”
he said. “You will look?”

  Mr. Pollard paused impatiently and
peered.	•

  Beyond the grime of the* pane lay a
little box of a room. In the center he
discerned, after a time, a single big
hand-wheel that might have been an
elder brother to the steering apparatus
of their automobile, and from its cen-
ter a thick steel shaft which passed
downward to disappear through the
floor.

  “It is.the wheel which, opening or
closing the great gate-valve below,
supplies each drop of water to Relam-
pago ! ” Zarapa informed him quite
impressively. “ I had thought that it
would interest—”

  “ Something hot to eat interests me
a lot more just now, Zarapa,” Mr. Pol-
lard said gloomily. “ I never had such
a thundering appetite in my life for—”
He stopped violently as if an in-
visible granite wall had been dropped
before him; open-mouthed he stared
at Zarapa for a moment before:

  “ What did you say about that
wheel? ”

  “ By three turns, senor, one gives to
Relampago, or takes away, the life
which comes with pure water from the
towering mountains! By that
wheel—”

  “ It is actually the only supply of
drinking water they can get ? ”

  “ So much so that eight millions of
dollars had to be spent on that reser-
voir, senor. It is a wonderful work,
and when Santa Chanza spends for
the public good eight millions—”

  And there the cynicism of the first
assistant was stilled, for his chief had
gone stark, staring mad! Bulging,
maniac eyes glittered in Mr. Pollard’s
head; he waved frantically to the
Snake as he screamed:

  “Come on! Quick! We’ve got
the goods at last! ”
ntinued.)

co
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org