
$5,000.00
Worth of Prizes

I AM going1 to give away ABSOLUTELY FREE, more
than $5,000.00 worth of wonderful prizes, consisting of
two Automobiles, two Phonographs, a Shetland Pony,
a Radio, a Bicycle, Silverware and many other high
grade articles of merchandise—'besides Hundreds of Dollars
in Cash. Already we have given away Thousands of
Dollars in Cash and Valuable Prizes to advertise our busi-
ness, but this is the most liberal offer we have ever made.
First Prize winner will receive an 8 Cyl., 100 Horsepower,

Custom Built Studebaker Sedan or $2,250.00 in cash: Sec-
ond Prize Winner will receive a Four-door Chevrolet Se-
dan or $675.00 in cash; Third Prize Winner will receive a
Victor Orthophonic Victrola, Model 84, or $235.00 in cash,
etc. Each Prize will be shipped and delivered right to
the winner’s door, all charges paid. This offer is open to
anyone living in the United States, outside of Chicago,
and is backed by a Big Reliable Company of many years'
standing.

Find 5 Objects

Starting with the Letter “C”

      There are many objects in the picture of the circus above, such as lion, balloon, Indian, automobile, rooster,
boy, tent, etc. If you can find 5 that start with the letter “C,” you may win a Big Prize. Just think of winning a
wonderful new 8-cylinder Studebaker Sedan or $2,250.00 in cash, absolutely free. Somebody is bound to win. Why
not you? Get busy right away. Find five objects starting with the letter “C," fill in the coupon below and send it to
me at once.

$550.00 Given for Promptness

       In addition to the Studebaker Sedan, the Chevrolet Sedan, the Victor Ortho-
phonic Victrola, the Shetland Pony and the many other valuable prizes—besides
Hundreds of Dollars in Cash—I am also going to give $550.00 in Cash for Prompt-
ness. It will pay you to act at once. Any winner may have cash instead of the
prize won and in case of ties, duplicate prizes will be awarded. There are no
tricks or illusions of any kind and neatness or handwriting do not. count. You
will not be asked to write in any squares, add up any figures, build words, or
solve any additional puzzles of any kind. Get busy right away. Find 5 objects
starting with the letter “C,” fill in the coupon below and send it to me just as soon
as possible. EVERYBODY REWARDED. Address

L. E. Wilferd, Mgr., Dept. 1069 315 So. Peoria St., Chicago, 111.

       L. E. Wilferd, Mgr., Dept. 1069,

       315 So. Peoria St., Chicago, 111.

The objects starting with the letter "C" are:

   List of Prizes

 1.	8 Cylinder Studebaker Sedan.

 2.	Four-door Chevrolet Sedan.

 3.	Victor Orthophonic Victrola.

 4.	Shetland Pony, Saddle and
    Bridle.

 5.	Seven Tube Console Radio.

 6.	Fibre Living Room Set.

 7.	Electric Vacuum Cleaner.

 8.	Apollo Motorbike Bicycle.

 9.	100-Piece Dinner Set.

 10.	Ladies’ or Men’s Elgin Watch.

 11.	29-Piece Silverware Set.

12*.	Swanson King Portable
    Phonograph.

 13.	New Haven Banjo Clock.

 14.	Wrought Iron Bridge Lamp.

 15.	Ladies’ Overnight £ag.

       My Name.-.

       My Address....

.J
AMAZING STORIES

NOW ELECTRICITY

in Great Shops

Not by Correspondence
All PRACTICAL Work at

COYNE

■Learn to Earn *60 to *200 a Week

 You, Too, Gan Quickly Be*
 come a COYNE Trained

              It Is hard for mo to understand soma
  XUK|lt;r& emall-pay-Job holders. They spend
  their moat useful years hopelessly expecting 25 raises.

  Dull occupations—without a chance for praise or
  reward—no heart la their work—little In life to loot
  forward to. The first step up from that rut Is so easy
  that every ambitious fellow grabs It Quick. Any man,
  from 16 to 60 years old can quickly find a Bplendld
  place for himself—with absolutely no limit to hia
  prospects —In ELECTRICITY. COYNE has
  trained thousands of them for Big-Pay-Jobs and every flay the
  demand for new fellows grows heavier in,this Giant industry.
  No Experience or Advanced Education Neededl
  I take every new Coyne student lust as he comes to me. Many
  thought they were handicapped by lack of experience—age or
  advanced education. I convinced them these things made no
  difference. Don’t let anything stop you—not even lack of money.
  Most Coy negraduates had no more-probably less thanyouhave.

Fascinating Work—Real Pay

  There can be no doubt about the wonderful big-pay successor
  Coyne men after graduation. For instance let's take a few at
  random:—There’s Dunn of Texas—started at a salary twice as
  great as any he had ever before received; Ward of Colorado
  says “Coyne training was the best investment I ever made.
  Money couldn’t buy It from me now!" Tushka of Wisconsin
  struck out for himself at once. Makes as high as S80 a day in
  his own Electrical business: Shaw came to Coyne direct from a
  farm in Canada—went back to hia native country and has
  averaged between S100 and *185 a week ever since. These are
  not unusual cases—I can point out hundreds of bigger Coyne
  graduate successes.

Big Pay Jobs Hunt COYNE Men

  The opportunities in Electricity for Coyne trained fellows have
  always been easily located, but the chances for distinction and
  worth while success were never so good as they are today. This
  Giant Industry can only grow as fast as new electrical experts
  are trained and appointed to service. I estimate that 60,000 new
  fellows could be put to work at splendid salaries during the next
  12 months—If they could be f ound. But how can I hope to meet
  even a small part of that demand for trained electrical experts
  unless you, and many other ambitious fellows like you take
  advantage of this situation and let me train you quick. I am
  surely trying to do my part—and I would like to help you, too.

Earn While You Learn

 If you need part time work while at COYNE to
 help pay your living expenses I’ll assist you In
 getting It. Then In 12 HAPPY WEEKS In
 the great roaring shops of COYNE I’ll train
 you as you never dreamed you could be trained.
 Don’t worry about a job!

COYNE Trains You On
Actual Work—Not Books

         My course Is a practical LEARN-BY-DOING course.
         Every Btudent receives Individual and personal In-
         struction in the great COYNE shops, on thousands of
         dollars worth of electrical apparatus. You visit the
         great industrial organizations and power plants in thla
         electrical center. You learn everything about Electricity
         by taking my course at COYNE. That's the only way
         to be an Electrical Expert. And you can learn In twelve
         _ Interesting weeks at COYNE regardless of advanced
         education, knowledge of mathematics, or previous experience.

Here Are the Facts

  We teach you by practice on actual machinery—you learn
  housewlring by really doing It exactly as it ia dono outside In a
  business-like way—not Just by reading about it. In the same way
  we train you In armature winding, power plant operating, motor
  installations, automotive work and hundreds of other dally
  electrical Jobs. In other words, we train you to earn Big-Pay
  by workicg with your head aa well as your hands on the same
  kind of electrical apparatus as you will find after graduation
  out In the field.

COYNE Trains You Cor Lite

Coyne gives you Free a Life Scholarship which enables you

I Prepare You for Jobs
Like These

Oar free employment bareao pats
you ia touch with openings to choose
from. The following: ere only a few
of the kind of positions you fit your-
self for in the Great Shops of Coyne:

 _ -----,-OOawoaK

 Power House Operator
 . . $50 to $75 a week
 Auto Electrician

 _ $60 to $100 a week
 Service station owner
 $200 a week

 auto electricity.

FREE If You Act NOW!

 Send for my new Big Book on "Big-Pay Facts.”

 It costs me $1-00 to send it to you—it costs	,
 you nothing. I am glad to make you a present 4
 of It. Thla Big Book is 12 x 15 inches in +
 dimensions. It contains over 150 AS* #
 photographs that wll' be of the greatest A y #
 interest to you. Also It will open your #
 eyes to new opportunities In the Ay M
 gigantic electrical field that Is con- -
 --— atantly showing ■

  Radio Expert
  $75to$150a

week

nAWV ELECTRICAL /Mm/m

vOTN£ SCHOOLu£Mm

 H. C. LEWIS, Pres., Dept.98-02 500 S. Psulina St., Chicago,111 ^

Coyne graduates

H.C. LEWIS

President

COYNE

 Electrical School
 Dept. 98-02
 900 S. Paulina St.
 Chicago, III.

MAIL THIS COUPON NOW

  Please send me abso-
  lutely FREE, and without
  any obligation on my part,
  your big uew book on " Big-
  Pay Facts." Also full partic-
  ulars showing how I can tako

Coy;___________

 unlimited possU *
 bill ties for their	*

servlcesat	*

 Big-Pay. AV *

I	^uick advantage pi ewo oourses

f Town—

Please say yon saw it in AMAZING STORIES
December, 1928
Vol. 3, No. 9

JULES VERNE’S TOMBSTONE AT AMIENS
POKTRAYING HIS IMMORTALITY

EDITORIAL It GENERAL OFFICES: 230 Fifth Ave., New York City
Published by Experimenter Publishing Company. Inc.

H. GBRNSBACK, Pres.; S. GERNSBACK, Vice-Pres. and Treas.

Publishers of SCIENCE & INVENTION. RADIO NEWS.

RADIO LISTENERS’ GUIDE. AMAZING
STORIES QUARTERLY. YOUR BODY

Owners of Broadcast Station WRNY

                        In Our December Issue:                                                    In Our Next Issue:                            
---The Appendix and the Spectacles                                      THE WAR OF THE PLANETS, by Harl Vin¬                                    
          By Miles J. Breuer, M. D................................. 774 cent. In this sequel to “The Golden Girl of                             
=---Flight to Venus                                                     Munan,” which appeared in the June 1928 issue of                        
By Edwin K. Sloat.................................................. 780 Amazing Stories, the author outdoes himself in                          
---The Metal Man                                                        the superb manner in which he keeps this story                          
"---The World at Bay                                                    going. It is full of action, excitement, adventure                      
(A Serial in 2 parts) Part II,                                          and hero worship. But never does the author for¬                        
     By B. and Geo. C. Wallis...................................... 798 get the importance of science in his tale. There                        
•---The Fifth Dimension                                                 is hardly any limit which scientists, bent on re¬                       
     By Clare Winger Harris........................................ 823 venge, might not reach. And those few Munanese                          
---Before the Ice Age                                                   who returned from a trip, to find Munan com¬                            
 By Alfred Fritchey................................................ 826 pletely blown up, might almost be excused for                           
---Monorail                                                             seeking to wreak vengeance.                                             
    By George McLociard............................................ 832 THE ROGER BACON FORMULA, by Irvin                                       
The Space Bender                                                        Lester and Fletcher Pratt. Roger Bacon, an emi¬                         
      By Edward L. Rementer........................................ 838 nent scientist of the 13th Century, expounded                           
                               Our Cover                                theories so far in advance of his time, that he was                     
this month illustrates a scene from “The Metal Man/’ by                 accused of working with black magic and was                             
Jack Williamson, in which the scientist, in the land of                 therefore persecuted to a great extent. He is said                      
metal and floating lights, is being held against the point              to have put down many of his scientific ideas in                        
of the thing of glittering, blazing crystal---a great, six-             a sort of cipher. This story, which is based on                         
sided upright prism of red---the scarlet fire reaching out              a supposed cipher formula, makes an unusual inter-                      
caressingly over his body and lifting him slowly up with it.            planetarian story that will be enjoyed even by                          
                                                                        those who are not “interplanetary story fans.”                          
                                                                        THE PURPLE DEATH, by Jack Barnette. Quite                               
                                                                        recently, Dr. Coolidge of the General Electric                          
                                                                        Company, experimented with a new ray by means                           
                                                                        of which startling experiments were made. Among                         
                                                                        other things, these rays changed the color of a rab¬                    
                                                                        bit’s hair. We know so little about our unknown                         
                                                                        rays, that almost anything might be possible. And                       
                                                                        it is excellently written.                                              
                                                                                           CAUPHUL, THE CITY UNDER THE SEA,                     
                                                                        by George Cookman Watson. This story is writ¬                           
                                                                        ten by a newspaper man, who regards facts---if                          
                                                                        interesting---an important part of any tale and                         
                                                                        has taken the trouble---and he assures us, pleasure                     
                                                                        ---to get his information from authentic sources,                       
                                                                        and he gives us here a fascinating tale. That he                        
                                                                        also draws on his imagination, only enhances the                        
                                                                        interest. We know you will call for a sequel to                         
                                                                        this story.                                                             
HOW TO SUBSCRIBE TO "AMAZING_STORIES. ” Send your name. at special reduced club rates. Send postal for club rate card. Subscrlp-                
address and remittance to Lxperimenter Publishing Co., 230 Fifth At#., tions start with the current issue unless otherwise ordered.             
         New York City Checks and money orders should be made Payable to ON EXPIRATION of your subscription we enclose a renewal blank In your  
Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc. Mention the name of the magazineyou ja3t number to you. and notify you by mall. Then, unless we receive your  
                                              nrnni' ivn riTT Pn ii? orilcr and remittance for a renewal, delivery of the magazine is stopped,  
                                                                    v vmm nmw CHANGE OF ADDRESS. Notify us as far In advance ai possible. glv-  
              AMAZIM! STORIES QUARTERLY and YOUR BODY. Subscriptions ing your old address as well as the new one to which future magazines are  
 may be made In combination with the other Duplications Just mentioned i0 80. It takes several weeks to make on address change In our records.  
AMAZING STOItras Is published on the 5th of each preceding month. AMAZING STORIES Monthly. Entered as second class mailer March 10.             
There arc 12 numbers per year. Subscription price is J2.50 a year in 192s, by the Post Office at New York, N. Y„ under the act of March 3,      
journal rtouldbe addressed" to EdiLr AMAZING STORIES? 230 Fifth ‘ AMAZINo' jFSlF rew.sunds' In !!£                                              
Ait.. New York. N. Y. Unaccepted contributions cannot he returned ^ Vl! IS                                                                      
unless full poatage is included. Publishers are not responsible for Mbs. United States and Canada. European Agents, S. J. Wisa Et Cle, 40       
lost. ALL accepted contributions are paid for on publication. Placa Verte, Antwerp, Belgium. Printed In U. B. A.                                
                                         General Advertising Dejt., 230 Filth Avenue, Hew York City.                                            
                                               Advertising Representatives: Rhodes & Leisenring                                                 
                               New York Office: 624 Graybar Bnlldlng Chicago Office: 307 Horth Michigan Avenne                                  
770
AMAZING STORIES

771

If all the Radio sets I've “fooled’
■with in my time were piled on top
of each other, they'd reach about
halfway to Mars. The trouble with
me was that I thought I knew so
much about Radio that I really
didn’t know the first thing. I
thought Radio was a plaything—
that was all I could see in it for me.

  I Thought Radio Was a Plaything

But Now My Eyes Are Opened, And
I’m Making Over $100 a Week!

  $50 a week! Man alive, just one year ago
a salary that big would have been the height
of my ambition.

  Twelve months ago I was scrimping along
on starvation wages, just barely making
both ends meet. It was the same old story—
a little job, a salary just as small as the job,
while I myself had been dragging along
in the rut so long I couldn’t see over the
sides.

  If you'd told me a year ago that in twelve
time I would be making $100 and
more every week in the Radio business—
whew! I know I’d have thought you were
crazy. But that’s the sort of money I'm pull-
ing down right now—and in the future I
expect even more. Why only today—

  But I’m getting ahead of my story. I was
hard up a year ago because I was kidding
myself, that’s all—not because I had to be.
I could have been holding then the same
sort of job I’m holding now, if I’d only been
wise to myself. If you’ve fooled around with
Radio, but never thought of it as a serious
business, maybe you’re in just the same boat
I was. If so, you’ll want to read how my
eyes were opened for me.

  When broadcasting first became the rage,
several years ago, I first began my dabbling
with the new art of Radio. I was “nuts”
about the subject, like many thousands of
other fellows all over the country. And no
wonder! There’s a fascination—something
that grabs hold of a fellow—about twirling
a little knob and suddenly listening to a
voice speaking a thousand miles away.
Twirling it a little more and listening to the
mysterious dots and dashes of steamers far
at sea. Even today I get a thrill from this
strange force. In those days, many times I
stayed up almost the whole night trying for
DX. Many times I missed supper because
I couldn’t be dragged away from the latest
circuit I was trying out.

  I never seemed to get very far with it,
though. I used to read the Radio magazines
and occasionally a Radio book, but I never
understood the subject very clearly, and lots
of things I didn’t see through at all.

  So, up to a year ago, I was just a dabbler
—I thought Radio was a plaything. I never
realized what an enormous fast-growing in-
dustry Radio had come to be—employing
thousands and thousands of trained men.

Please say

I usually stayed home in the evenings after
work, because I didn’t make enough money
to go out very much. And generally during
the evening I’d tinker a little with Radio—
a set of my own or some friend’s. I even
made a little spare change this way, which
helped a lot, but I didn't know enough to
go very far with such work.

  And as for the idea that a splendid Radio
job might be mine, if I made a little effort
to prepare for it—such an idea never entered
my head. When a friend suggested it to me
one year ago, I laughed at him.

  “You’re kidding me," I said.

  “I’m not," he replied. “Take a look at
this ad.”

  He pointed to a page ad in a magazine,
an advertisement I’d seen many times but
just passed up without thinking, never
dreaming it applied to me. This time I read
the ad carefully. It told of many big oppor-
tunities for trained men to succeed in the
great new Radio field. With the advertise-
ment was a coupon offering a big free book
full of information. I sent the coupon in,
and in a few days received a handsome 64-
page book, printed in two colors, telling all
about the opportunities in the Radio field
and how a man can prepare quickly and
easily at home to take advantage of these
opportunities. Well, it was a revelation to
me. I read the book carefully, and when I
finished it I made my decision.

  What’s happened in the twelve months
since that day, as I’ve already told you,
seems almost like a dream to me now. For
ten of those twelve months, I’ve had a
Radio business of my own. At first, of
course, I started it as a little proposition
on the side, under the guidance of the Na-
tional Radio Institute, the outfit that gave
me my Radio training. It wasn’t long be-
fore I was getting so much to do in the
Radio line that I quit my measly little cleri-
cal job, and devoted my full time to my
Radio business.

  Since that time I’ve gone right on up,
always under the watchful guidance of my
friends at the National Radio Institute. They
would have given me just as much help, too,
if I had wanted to follow some other line
of Radio besides building my own retail
business—such as broadcasting, manufactur-
ing, experimenting, sea operating, or any one
of the score of lines they prepare you for.

 you saw it in AMAZING

And to think that until that day I sent for
their eye-opening book, I’d been wailing “I
never had a chance!”

  Now I’m making, as I told you before,
over $100 a week. And I know the future
holds’ even more, for Radio is one of the
most progressive, fastest-growing businesses
in the world today. And it’s work that I
like—work a man can get interested in.

  Here’s a real tip. You may not be as bad
off as I was. But think it over—are you
satisfied? Are you making enough money,
at work that you like? Would you sign a
contract to stay where you are now for the
next ten years—making the same money? If
not, you’d better be doing something about
it instead of drifting.

  This new Radio game is a live-wire field
of golden rewards. The work, in any of the
20 different lines of Radio, is fascinating,
absorbing, well paid. The National Radio
Institute—oldest and largest Radio home-
study school in the world—will train you
inexpensively in your own home to know
Radio from A to Z and to increase your
earnings in the Radio field.

  Take another tip—no matter what your
plans are, no matter how much or how little
you know about Radio—clip the coupon be-
low ami look their free book over. It is
filled with interesting facts, figures, and
photos, and the information it will give you
is worth a few minutes of anybody’s time.
You will place yourself under no obligation
—the book is free, and is gladly sent to any
one who wants to know about Radio. Just
address J. E. Smith, President, National Ra-
dio Institute, Dept. 44A2, Washington, D. C.

   J. E. SMITH, President.

   National Radio Institute,

   Dept. 44A2, Washington, D. C.

   Dear Mr. Smith:

     Please send me your 64-page free book,
  printed in two colors, giving all information
  about the opportunities in Radio and how I
  can learn quickly and easily at home to take
  advantage of them. I understand this request
  places me under no obligation, and that no
  salesman will call on me.

Name......................................

Address.....................................

Town..........................State........

Occupation..................................

STORIES
AMAZING STORIES

LkHli

Employment

Training

 FINDING you
 the better-paid
 position and
 PLACING you
 in it, or money
 refunded « • • •

PREPARING
you to fill a fine
Drafting job at

 a substantial
 raise in pay . . «

Men who can read blue-prints and draw plans are “sitting pretty ?

these days. No wonder, when you consider that every machine, every building, all
industrial activities start on the Drafting table! Intensive production, record-break-

ing construction operations, have created a great demand for expert Draftsmen
capable of designing and calculating original plans.	*

A Drafting Job GUARANTEED

paying 50% more than you earn today
—or not a penny of cost!

Now, at a cost you can afford, on terms of only
$6 per month, you can actually BUY a fine
Drafting position and a substantial increase in
pay. A million-dollar institution guarantees
both—the training, then the employment.
Under money-back penalty.

1 This agreement brings you your SECOND
CHANCE. To repair a neglected education, to
specialize, to change to a line where you can get
ahead more rapidly. Read it, and investigate it/

The American School

Chartered 30 years as an EDUCATIONAL in-
stitution and like the best resident schools and
colleges, conducted NOT FOR PROFIT. We
offer complete, thorough up-to-date instruc-
tion, built by 200 leading Educators, Engi-
neers and Execu-
tives. A unique in-
struction, built to
meet the specifica-
tions of well-paid
jobs as laid down
by employers them-
selves, yet simplified for
ready understanding by
men with only common
schooling.

And we are the first in the
home study field to recog-

oite the need of giving a COM-
PLETE SERVICE to ambitious men
— training, plus mplojmtnt. Which
O. C. MILLER ***« 7ou iS Toa are» supplies the
Director Extension ™ork equipment you lack, and lands you
in the better job you seek. Without
risk to vou!

Dept. D-Q2Q4 Drexel Ave. & 58th St. .Chicago, Ili.

$50 to $125 a week paid to Expert Draftsmen

Get this point—that Drafting isn’t just one line of work—it reaches out
into the Electrical, Manufacturing, Building Construction, Automotive
and Structural industries. That is why you'll find well-paid Drafting
positions advertised in all industrial centers of the U. S. 70,000 vacancies
reported in the past 12 months. And that is why I advise men to go into
Drafting, particularly if handicapped by lack of high-school or college
education. Today you are in competition with high-school and college
graduates for the better-paid jobs. Y ou must have specialized training to win.

   The Entering Wedge to Success
   in ail Building and Manufacturing Lines

I recommend Drafting, too, because it can be QUICKLY learned at home, in ipare time—with-
out quitting your job, without losing a day's time or a dollar in pay. Because you're sure there
will be a good position waiting when you are ready for it. And because the work is so fascinat-
ing and offers better-than-ordinary chances for advancement. For the Draftsman is in close con-
tact with important work and BIG MEN, and be it right io line for promotion to Superintendent
and other executive positions.

                                               . C. MILLER, Director Extension Work*

                            THE AMERICAN SCHOOL,

                                               Dept. D-919* Drool Ave. & s8th St..

                                               Chicago, Illinois
                                               Please send without cost or obligationt
                                               r. Three Drafting Lessons.

                                                  2.	Facts about the opportunities in Drafting.

3.	Your Guarantee to train and place me under money-back penalty.

Name

 Age...,

to prove you can learn at
home, in your spare time!

You will never have a more seri-
ous personal problem than decid-
ing your future life-work—so we
merely urge you to LOOK INTO
Drafting. See how you like it, see if you learn as
readiJy as most men do, get the facts about the op-
portunities, the salaries paid, the jobs open, the
chances for promotion.

This is why, on receipt
of your name, we will
send you the first three
lessons of our Drafting ,
course without cost or
obligation.

 Occupation..

Please soy you saw it in AMAZING STORIES
                            HUGO GERNSBACK, Editor
  DR. T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Associate Editor WILBUR C. WHITEHEAD, Literary Editor
  MIRIAM BOURNE, Associate Editor	C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor

 Editorial and General Offices: 230 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today.........Cold Fact Tomorrow

AN AMAZING PHENOMENON

 By HUGO GERNSBACK

MONG the most amazing phenomena that human
beings experience are those of premonition and
another which, for the lack of a better name,
might be called “memory phantom.”

  In the current issue of Amazing Stories, one
of our authors advances an ingenious idea as to a
. anation of these phenomena.

  When it comes to the occurrence of premonition, I am of
the sincere belief that there is no scientific basis for the exis-
tence of such a supposed phenomenon. We all hear, frequently,
that people have certain premonitions, but the trouble is that
they are most difficult to prove.

  I,	myself, have had any number of premonitions in the course
of my life, but none of them actually came about. In other
words, practically all of them were false alarms.

  The nearest one that came near being a fulfillment was only
partially fulfilled and had nothing to do with myself at all.

  I had gone to Europe on the Lusitania before the War, and
an hour or two before the boat docked at Liverpool, I remem-
that I had an exceedingly strong premonition that something
dreadful was going to happen. Something did happen, but it
was neither terrifying nor dreadful. Something happened to
the landing bridge when it was hoisted up and the ropes broke
and the bridge fell down with a crash, slightly injuring two
stevedores.

  Similar occurrences probably happen to most of us, but it is
a fact that most of our premonitions, if not all of them, never
come about, and if they do come about, we must call them
simply coincidences.

   If, in a lifetime, an individual has fifty premonitions and out
of the fifty, one comes near to being true, it would hardly be
a convincing proof that there was any scientific reason for sup-
posing that an event could be registered on the human con-
sciousness hours and days before it happened.

  On the other hand, the phenomenon of memory phantoms
may have an actual foundation of fact, and there may be some
scientific basis for it.

  The theory which I advance in connection with this phe-
nomenon, I believe, is new, and while it cannot be proven, at
least there seems to be a slight scientific foundation for it, in
some instances. My theory will not cover all facts in the case,
of course, but will only do so partially.

  We all know of the sensation that comes over us in the most
unexpected quarters when we have a feeling that we have seen
the same scene or experienced the self-same thing before. We
actually know that we have experienced the self-same thing or
have seen exactly the same scene or have done exactly the same
thing.

  I especially remember a particularly strong impression that
I had, some years ago, when my train sped through a Midwest
plain. It was the first time that I had ever made that par-
ticular trip, and I distinctly remember looking with amazement
at a certain scene which composed an unusual configuration of
the terrain, a certain little river and other landmarks. I was
immediately struck with the conviction that I had seen exactly
the same scene some time before. The feeling was so real

that even today I cannot rid myself of the thought that I actu-
ally, some time in the dim past, saw that scene. Nor is it
impossible that I did see the scene. It may have been a thou-
sand or five thousand years ago that I actually did see it, and
this is how I account for it and how I account for similar
experiences that are had by most of us:

  There are about a billion and a half human beings on this
planet. They live an average of forty or fifty years, and then
all of them vanish to be replaced by a new crop. This goes
on, and has gone on, of course, for millions of years. What
becomes of the physical bodies after they die? We say they
are being decomposed and become part and parcel of our earth’s
crust again. Some are buried six feet below the ground, others
who die as in combat, adventure or otherwise perish in the
open, simply decompose where they fall and their remains are
scattered to the four winds.

  Whatever happens, one fact is quite certain, and that is, that
in our own physical makeup will be found the actual physical
remains of some of our predecessors. That these remains are
atomically small, makes no difference. The fact remains that
the succeeding crops of humans, for untold ages, have decom-
posed, chemically, and are again chemically absorbed into other
combinations, which later on become parts of human beings
once more. This, of course, is not re-incarnation or anything
like it.

  My theory, then, in short is that a certain human being, not
related to me at all, had, perhaps 5,000 years before me, seen
a certain scene. That particular picture became engraved in
his consciousness, and consequently made a record in his
brain. It is quite true that after death all sensations stop, but
it is possibly quite true that some particle of my predecessor’s
brain may eventually find its way into my brain in the course
of the passage of time. For many years, this particle that
carried the original impression, may rest in my brain without
acting at all, but when I see a certain scene, the particle becomes
active in my brain and sends the message that I have seen the
particular scene once before.

  And this is, perhaps, the most plausible explanation of sim-
ilar occurrences which are viewed by us through our own
eyes, but through_ the memory phantoms of other human beings
who have long died but have become crystallized into us.

  Offhand, this may seem a very fantastic theory, but it is
certainly not more fantastic than the mechanics of the brain
and the mechanics of memory itself. When you stop to con-
sider what memory really is, and how incessantly impressions
are made upon the brain, and that really no physical impres-
sions are made at all, neither in our thinking nor in our mem-
ory, the subject probably becomes less difficult. It evolves itself
down to, perhaps, the vibration of certain cells in our brain and
if the vibration is correct, either by will or outside influences,
we then think or we can recall memories.

  A violent blow to our head renders us unconscious, because
the brain cells are probably paralyzed and can no longer vibrate
the same as they usually do.

  I give the theory for what it is worth, and while it very likely
does not fit all cases, it may shed some light upon a most inter-
esting and amazing phenomenon.

Hr. Huoo Gernsbach speaks tvery Tuesday at 9.30 P. M. from IVRNY (326 meters) and W2XAL (30.91 meters') on various scientific subjects.

  773
j3y Miles J. BreuerMD.

Author of: “The Riot at Sanderac,” “The Puzzle Duel,” etc.

LD Cladgett, President of the First Na-
tional Bank of Collegeburg, scowled across
the mahogany table at the miserable young
man. He was all hunched up into great
rolls and hanging pouches, and he scowled
till the room grew gloomy and the ceiling seemed to
lower.

  “I’m running a bank, not a charity club,” he growled,
planting his fist on the table.

  Bookstrom winced, and then controlled himself with
a little shiver.

  “But sir,” he protested, “all I ask for is an extension
of time on this note. I could easily pay it out in three
or four years. If you force me to pay it now, I shall
have to give up my medical course.”

  Harsh, inchoate, guttural noises issued from Clad-
gett’s throat.

  “This bank isn’t looking after little boys and their
dreams,” he snarled. “This note is due and you pay it.
You’re able-bodied and can work.”

  Mechanically, as in a daze, Bookstrom took out a
wallet and counted out the money. When the sum was
complete, he had ten dollars left. The hope that had
spurred him on through several years of hardship and
difficulty, the hope of graduating as a physician and
having a practice of his own, now was gone. He was
at the end of his resources. Once the medical course
was interrupted, he knew there was no hope of getting
back to it. Nowadays the study of medicine is too
strenuous; there is no dally-
ing on the path to an M.D.
degree.

  He went straight over to
the University to apply for
an instructorship in Ap-
plied Mathematics that had
recently been offered to
him.

IN the movies and in the novels, an ogre like Cladgett
usually meets with some kind of retribution before
long. The Black Hand gets him or a wronged debtor
poisons him, or a brick house collapses on his head.
But Cladgett lived along in Collegeburg, growing more
and more prosperous. He was bound to grow wealthy,
because he took all he could get from everybody and
never gave anybody anything. He kept growing a little
grayer and a little fatter; and seemed to derive more
and more pleasure and happiness from preying financi-
ally on his fellow-beings. And he seemed as safe as the
Rock of Gibraltar.

  Then, after fifteen years, a sudden attack of acute
appendicitis got him. That morning he had sat at his
desk and dictated letters to his directors commanding
them to be present at a meeting four days hence without
fail. The bank was taking over a big estate as trustee,
and unless each director signed the contract personally,
the deal was lost and with it a fat fee. In the afternoon
he was in bed groaning with pain and cursing the doctor
for not curing him at once.

  “Appendicitis!” he shrieked. “Impossible!”

  Dr. Banza bowed and said nothing. With delicate
finger-tips he felt of the muscles in the right lower
quadrant of the abdomen. He shook his head over the
thermometer that he took out of the sick man’s mouth.
He withdrew a drop of blood from the patient’s finger-
tip into a tiny pipette and took it away with him.

  He was back in an hour, and Cladgett read the ver-
dict in his face.

  “Operation!” he yowled like a whipped boy. “I can’t
have an operation! I’ll die!”

  He seemed to consider it the doctor’s fault that he
had appendicitis and would have to have an operation.

  “Say,” he said more rationally, as an idea occurred
to him. “Do you realize that I’ve got an important
directors’ meeting in three days ? I can’t miss that for
any operation. Now listen; be sensible. I'll give you
a thousand dollars if you get me to that meeting in
good shape.”

  Dr. Banza shrugged his shoulders.

  “I’m going to din.ier
now,” he said in the voice
that one uses to a peevish
child. “You have two or
three hours in which to
think it over. By that time
I’m afraid you will be an
emergency.”

 Dr. Banza sauntered
thoughtfully over to the College Tavern, and walking
in, looked around for a table at which to eat his din-
ner. He felt his shoulder touched.

  “Sit down and eat with me,” invited his unnoticed
friend.

  “Why, hello Bookstrom!” he cried warmly, as he
perceived who it was.

  “Hello yourself,” returned Bookstrom, now portly
and cheerful enough, with a little twinkle in each eye.

  “But what’s the matter? You look dark and dis-
couraged.”

  So, over the dinner, Banza told his friend about the
annoying dilemma with the obdurate and irascible

 f~\ UR zvell-known author treats us to a different sort of
 ^-'Fourth Dimensional story here. Incidently, it’s a very
 clever psychological study—one which will leave you chuck-
 ling. And you may well ivonder if the Fourth Dimension is
 exploited, whether we will have situations such as the one
 so well told of in this tale.
775
776

AMAZING STORIES

Cladgett, who threatened certain ruin to his career.

  “I feel like telling him to go to hell,” Dr. Banza
concluded.

  Bookstrom sat a long time in silent thought, his
elbows leaned on the table, sizzling a little tune through
his cupped hands.

  “Just the thing I’ve been looking for,” he said at
last slowly, as though he had come to a difficult de-
cision. “Do you want to listen to a little lecture,
Banza? Then you can decide whether I can help you
or not?”

  “If you can help me, you’re some medicine-man.
Shoot the lecture, though.” Dr. Banza leaned back
and waited, with much outward show of patience.

  “You remember,” opened Bookstrom, “that I had a
couple of years of medical college work, and had to
quit. That accounts for my having gotten this idea
so suddenly just how.

  “My present title of Professor of Applied Mathe-
matics is not an empty one. I’ve applied some mathe-
matics this time, I’ll tell the world.

  “You hear a lot about the Fourth Dimension nowa-
days. Most people snort when you mention it. Some
point a finger at you or grab your coat lapel, and ask
you what it is. I don’t know what it is! Don’t get
to imagining that I’ve discovered what the fourth di-
mension is. But, I don’t know what light is, or what
gravitation is, except in a ‘pure-mathematics’ sense.
Yet, I utilize light and gravitation in a practical way
every day, do I not?

  “Well, I’ve learned how to utilize the fourth dimen-
sion without knowing what it is. And here’s how we
can apply it to your Cladgett. Only, I’ve got an ancient
grudge against that bird, and he’s got to pay me back in
real money for it, right now. You take your thousand
and get a thousand for me-.

  “Now, how can we use the fourth dimension to help
him? In order to explain it, I’ll have to illustrate with
an example from a two-dimensional plane of existence.
Suppose you and Cladgett were two-dimensional beings
confined to the plane of this sheet of paper. You could
move about in any direction upon the paper, but you
could not get upwards off of it. Here is Cladgett.
You can go all around him, but you can't jump over
him, any more than you can turn yourself inside out.

  “The only way that you, a two-dimensional surgeon
can remove an appendix from this two-dimensional
wretch, is to make a hole somewhere in his circumfer-
ence, reach in, separate the doojigger from its attach-
ments, and pull it out, all limited to the surface of the
paper. Is that plain so far?”

  Banza nodded without interrupting.

  “But, suppose some Professor of Applied Mathe-
matics arranges it so that you can rise slightly, in-
finitely slightly above the plane of the paper. Then
you can get Cladgett’s appendix out without making
any break in his circumference. All you do is to get
up above him, locate your appendix, and reach down
or lower yourself down to the original plane, and whisk
out the appendix.

“He, being confined to the two-dimensional plane of
the paper, cannot see how you do it, or comprehend

how. But here you are, back down to the plane of the
paper again beside Cladgett, with the appendix in your
hand, and he rMkrvels how you did it.”

  “Brilliant reasoning,” Dr. Banza admitted. “But
unfortunately for its value in this emergency, Cladgett
is a three-dimensional old hulk and so am I.”

  “To proceed,” Bookstrom made a show of ignoring
the interruption, “suppose I had constructed an elevator
that could lift you a little, ever so little along the fourth
dimension, at right angles to the other three. Then you
could reach over and hook out Cladgett’s appendix,
without making any abdominal wound.”

BOOKSTROM stopped and smiled. Banza jumped
to his feet.

  “Well, dammit, have you?” he demanded. People in
the Tavern were turning around and looking at them.

  “Come and see!”

  They hooked arms and went up to Bookstrom’s la-
boratory. Apparently Banza was satisfied with what
he saw, for in five minutes he came racing out of the
door, and called a taxi and had himself whirled to
Cladgett’s house.

  There he had some trouble about the two thousand
dollars in advance. It was an unethical thing to de-
mand, but he was a clever enough psychologist to sense
and respect Bookstrom’s reasons.

  “I’ve found a specialist,” he announced, “and am
personally convinced that he can do what you want.
With the next two days quiet in bed and subsequent
care in diet, you can get to the meeting.”

  “Go ahead then,” moaned Cladgett.

  “But this man wants a thousand dollars, and insists
that his thousand and mine must both be paid in ad-
vance,” said Banza meekly.

  Cladgett rose up in bed.

  “Oh, you doctors are a bunch of robbers!” he
shouted. Then he groaned and fell back again. The
appendicitis was too much for him. A pain as sus-
tained and long-enduring as that of an acute appendi-
citis will compel anyone to do anything. Soon Cladgett
and a nurse were in an ambulance speeding toward the
University, and Banza had two checks in his pocket.

  Bookstrom was all ready. A half dozen simple sur-
gical instruments to suffice for actually detaching the
appendix, were sterilized and covered. He put Clad-
gett on a long wooden table and asked the nurse to sit at
his head with a chloroform mask, with orders to use it
if he complained. He directed Banza to scrub his
hands. Beside Cladgett was the “elevator.”

  There wasn’t much to the machine. All great things
are simple, I suppose. There were three trussed beams
of aluminum at right-angles to each other, each with a
cylinder and plunger, and from them, toggles coming
together at a point where there was a sort of “universal
joint” topped by a mat of thick rubber. That was all.

  “You mean for me to get on that thing and be

shoved somewhere into nowhere-?” Banza looked

worried.

  “I won’t insist,” Bookstrom smiled.

  “No thanks,” Banza backed away with alacrity. “I’ll
give him whatever anesthetic he needs.” Banza was no
THE APPENDIX AND THE SPECTACLES

777

doubt uncomfortable with responsibility, for the patient
was seriously ill.

  “Fine!” Bookstrom seemed to be enjoying the situa-
tion thoroughly. “I still know how to whack off an
appendix. That’s elementary surgery, amateur stuff.”

  A storm of protest broke from Cladgett.

  “I don't want to be operated. You promised-

he wrung his hands and beat his heels upon the table.

  “We promised,” said Bookstrom sweetly, “that we
would not open you up. You’ll never find a scratch
on yourself.”

  Cladgett quieted down. Bookstrom scrubbed .his
hands, and wrapped his right one in a sterile towel in
order to manipulate the machine. He stepped on the
rubber mat, and in a moment, Dr. Banza and the nurse
were amazed to see him click suddenly out of sight.
Click! and he was not there! Before they recovered
from their astonishment, Cladgett began to complain.
Dr. Banza had to start giving chloroform. He gave it
slowly and cautiously, while Cladgett groaned and
cursed and threshed himself about.

  “Lie still, you fool!” shouted Bookstrom’s voice in
a preoccupied way, just beside them. It made their
flesh creep, for he was not there.

  Gradually the patient quieted down and breathed
deeply, and the doctor and the nurse took a breath of
relief, and had time to wonder about everything. There
was another click! and there stood Bookstrom with a
tray of bloody instruments in his hand.

  “Pippin!” he exclaimed enthusiastically, pointing to
the appendix. It was swollen to the size of a thumb,
with purple blotches of congestion, black areas of gan-
grene, and yellow patches of fibrin. “You’re not such
a bad diagnostician, Banza!”

  “Put it in formalin-to show him how sick he

was,” suggested Banza.

  “You’ll have a fat time proving to anybody that that
was taken out of him. Forget it, and deposit your
check. Some day when you get up your nerve, let me
show you how it feels to see the inside of a man, all
at once, everything working.”

CLADGETT was much better the next day. His
pain was all gone and he did not feel the terrible,
prostrating sickness of the day before.

  As soon as he awoke he felt himself all over for an
operation wound, and finding none, mumbled to him-
self surlily for a while. The second day his fever was
gone and he was ravenously hungry. On the third day
he was merely tired. On the fourth day he went to
the directors’ meeting in his own car, grumbling that he
had never had any appendicitis anyhow, and that the
doctors had defrauded him of two thousand dollars.

  “Got a notion to sue you for damages. May do it
yet!” he snarled at Dr. Banza. “I’ll include the value of
my spectacles. You smashed them for me somewhere.
Damn carelessness.”

  Dr. Banza bowed himself out.

  “The next time he needs a doctor,” he said to him-
self, “ he can call one from Madagascar before I’ll go
to see him.”

  But Dr. Banza was no different from any other good

physician. It wasn’t two weeks before Cladgett called
him, and again he was “fool enough to go,” as he him-
self expressed it.

  This time Cladgett was not in bed. He was nursing
his hemispherical abdomen in an arm-chair.

  “Thought you said you’d cure me of this appendi-
citis!” he wheezed antagonistically.

  “Aha, so you did have appendicitis?” thought the
doctor to himself. Aloud, he asked Cladgett to describe
his symptoms, which Cladgett did in the popular way.
“I think it’s adhesions!” he snapped.

  “Adhesions exist chiefly in the brains of the laity, and
in the conversation of doctors too lazy to make a diag-
nosis.” Dr. Banza’s courteous patience was desert-
ing him.

  He temperatured and pulsed his patient, gently pal-
pated the abdominal muscles, and counted the leuco-
cytes in a drop of blood.

  “You do have a tender spot,” he mused; “and pos-
sibly a slight palpable mass. But no signs of any in-
fectious process. No muscle rigidity. Is it getting
worse ?”

  “Getting worse every day!” he groaned histrionically.
“What is it, doc?”

  Dr. Banza resisted heroically the temptation to tell
him that he had carcinoma of the ovary, and said in-
stead with studied care:

  “I can’t be quite sure till we have an X-ray. Can
you come down to the office?”

  With much grunting and wheezing, Cladgett got up
to the office and up on the raidographic table. Dr.
Banza made a trial exposure and then several other
films. He remained in the developing room for an
interminable length of time, and then came out with
a red face.

  “Well! What ?” yapped Cladgett.

  “Oh, just a trifling matter of no importance. Come,
get into the car with me. We’ll drive over to Professor
Bookstrom’s laboratory, and in a moment we’ll have
you permanently relieved and feeling good.”

  “I’ll not go to that charlatan again!” roared Cladgett.
“And you doctors are always trying to talk all around
the bush and refusing to tell people the truth. You
can’t work that gag on me! I want to know exactly!”
He shook both arms at Banza.

  “Why, really!” Dr. Banza acted very much em-
barrassed. “It’s nothing that cannot be corrected in

a few seconds-.”

  “Dammit!” shrieked Cladgett. “Gimme that X-ray
picture, or I’ll smash up your place!”

  Dr. Banza went in and got the wet film clipped in
its frame. He led the way to the outside door. Clad-
gett angirly followed him thither and there received
the film. Banza backed away, while Cladgett held the
negative up to the light. There, very plainly visible in
the right lower quadrant of the abdomen was a pair of
old-fashioned pince-ncs spectacles!

  Strange heavings and tremors seemed to traverse
Cladgett’s bulk, showing through his clothes. He shook
and undulated and heaved suddenly in spots. His face
turned alternately white and purple; his jaw worked up
and down, and his mouth opened and shut convulsively,
778

AMAZING STORIES

though no sound came forth. Suddenly he turned and
stamped out of the building, carrying the wet film with
him.

  The old man was a pretty good judge of character,
or he never would have made the money he did. In
some subconscious way he had realized that Bookstrom
must be the man to see about this thing.

  Banza telephoned Bookstrom at once and told him
the details.

  “How unfortunate!” Bookstrom exclaimed. There
was a suspicious note in his voice. That solicitude for
Cladgett could hardly have been genuine.

  “He’s coming over there!” warned Banza.

  “I shall be proud to receive such a distinguished
guest.”

  That was all Banza was able to accomplish. He
was sick with consternation and anxiety.

  Bookstrom could hear Cladgett’s thunderous ap-
proach down the hall. Then the door burst open and
a chair went down, followed by a rack of charts and
a tall case full of models. Cladgett seemed to derive
some satisfaction from the havoc, this time little dream-
ing that Bookstrom was quite capable of setting the
stage for just such a show. “You-you-” sput-
tered Cladgett, still unable to speak coherently.

  “Too bad; too bad,” consoled Bookstrom kindly.
“Let’s see your roentgenogram.”

  “Ah, how interesting!” Bookstrom could put vast
enthusiasm into his voice. “The question is, I suppose,
how they got in there?” He looked back and forth
from Cladgett’s protruding hemisphere to the spectacles
on the X-ray film, as if to imply that in such an im-
mense vault there surely ought to be room for such a
trifling thing as a pair of spectacles.

  “You put them there, you crook, you scoundrel, you
robber, you dirty thief!” The “dirty thief” came out
in a high falsetto shriek.

 “You do me much honor,” Bookstrom bowed.
“That would be a ‘stunt’ I might say, to be proud of.”

  “You don’t deny it, do you?” Cladgett suddenly
calmed down and spoke in acidly triumphant tones.

  “It strikes me,” Bookstrom mused, “that this is some-
thing that would be difficult either to prove or to deny.”

  “I’ve got the goods on you.” Cladgett spoke coldly,
just as he had on that occasion fifteen years before.
“You either pay me fifty thousand dollars damages, or
this goes to court at once.”

  “My dear Sir!” Bookstrom bowed gravely. “You
or anyone else have a standing invitation to go through
my effects, and if you find more than a hundred dol-
lars, you are welcome to half of it, if you give me the
other half.”

  Cladgett did not know how to reply to this.

  “I’m suing you for damages at once!” His words
came like blows from a pile-driver.

  Bookstrom bowed him out with a smile.

THE damage suit created considerable flare in the
headlines. A pair of spectacles left in a patient’s
abdomen at operation! That was a morsel such as the
public had not had to scandalize over for some time!
Newspapers dug up all the details, even to the history

of the forced payment on the note fifteen years before
and the disappointed medical student; and the fact that
the operation had been performed in secret and at night,
in the laboratory of a man who was not a licensed
medical practitioner, for Bookstrom’s title of “doctor”
was a philosophical, not a medical one. The public
gloated and licked its chops in anticipation of more
morsels at the trial.

  But no such treat ever came off. Immediately the
suit was filed Bookstrom’s counsel requested permission
to examine thoroughly the person of the plaintiff. This
was. granted. The counsel then quietly and privately
called the judge’s attention to the fact that the plain-
tiff’s body contained no scars or marks of operation of
any kind; therefore, it was evident that he had never
been operated upon and, therefore, nothing could have
been left in his abdomen. The judge held an informal
preliminary hearing and threw the case out of court.
He admitted that there were curious phases to it, but he
was busy and tired, and his docket was so full that it
made him nervous; he was glad to forget anything that
was technically settled.

  Cladgett continued to grow sicker. The pain and the
lump in his side increased. In another two weeks he
was a miserable man. He still managed to be up and
about a little, but his face was drawn from suffering
(and rage), and pains racked him constantly. He had
lost twenty-five pounds in weight, and looked like a
wretched shadow of his former self.

  One day he thrust himself into Bookstrom’s office.
Bookstrom dismissed the stenographer and the two stu-
dent-assistants, and faced Cladgett blandly.

  “Banza says you can fix this up somehow,” he said,
and it sounded like “gr-r-r-ump, gr-r-r-ump, r-r-rump!’’
“I’ve decided to let you go ahead.”

  “Very kind of you,” Bookstrom purred. “I ought to
feel humbly grateful for as big a favor as that. As a
matter of fact, I’ve decided to let the Sultan of Sulu go
jump in the lake. But I’ve a lurking suspicion that he
isn’t going to do it.”

  Cladgett sat and stared at him awhile, and then
picked himself up and stumped out, grumbling and
groaning.

  The next day Dr. Banza brought him into Dr. Book-
strom’s laboratory. He eased himself down into a chair
before saying anything.

  “I’m convinced that Banza’s right and that you can
help me. Now what’s your robber’s price?”

  “It’s a highway robber’s price, with the accent on the
high,” murmured Bookstrom deprecatingly.

  “Well, out with it, you-” there Cladgett wisely

checked himself.

  “I ask nothing whatever for myself,” said Book-
strom, suddenly becoming serious. “But if you want
me to get those spectacles out of you, right here and
now you settle a sum to found a Students’ Fund to loan
money to worthy and needy scientific students, which
they may pay back when they are established and earn-
ing money. I think when you spoke to me about a
damage suit you mentioned the sum of fifty thousand
dollars. Let’s call it that.”

  “Fifty thousand dollars!” screamed Cladgett in ai
THE APPENDIX AND THE SPECTACLES

779

high falsetto. He was weak and unstable. “That’s
preposterous! That’s criminal extortion.”

“This transaction is not of my seeking,” Bookstrom
suggested.

 “You’ve fixed it all up on me,” Cladgett wailed, but
 his voice sank toward the end.

“Tell that to the judge. Or, go to a surgeon and
have him open you up and take them out. That would
come cheaper.”

“Operation!” shrieked Cladgett. “I can’t stand an
operation.”

He looked desperately at Banza, but there was no
hope there.

“This seems to me a wonderful opportunity,” Banza
said, “for you to do a public service and distinguish
yourself in the community. I’m sure that amount of
money will not affect you seriously.”

 Cladgett started for the door, and then groaned and
 fell back heavily into his chair. He sat groaning for
 awhile, his suffering being mental as well as physical;
 finally he reached into bis pocket for his pen and his
 check-book. He kept on groaning as he wrote out a
 check and flung it on the table.

“Now, damn you, help me!” he yelped.

They put him on the table.

“Banza, you scrub. You deserve to see this,” di-
rected Bookstrom.

So Banza stepped on the rubber mat and Bookstrom
instructed him.

“Move this switch one button at a time. That will
always raise you a notch. Look around each time until
you get it just right.”

  With the first click Banza disappeared, just as peo-
ple vanish suddenly in the movies. Cladgett groaned
and squirmed, and then was quiet. With another click
Banza reappeared, and in his hand was a pair of old-
fashioned pince-nez spectacles, moist and covered with
a grayish film. He held them toward Cladgett, who
grabbed them and mumbled something.

  “Can you imagine!” breathed Banza, “standing in
the center of a sphere and seeing all the abdominal
organs around you at once? Something like that, it
seemed; not exactly either. There above my head were
the coils of the small intestine. To the right was the
cecum with the spectacles beside it; to my left the sig-
moid and the muscles attached to the ilium, and be-
neath my feet the peritoneum of the anterior abdominal
wall. But, I was terribly dizzy for some reason; I
could not stand it very long, much as I should have

liked to remain inside of him for awhile-”

  “But, you weren’t inside of him,” corrected Book-
strom.

  Banza stared blankly.

  “But, I’ve just told you. There I was inside of him,
with his viscera all around me, stomach and diaphragm
in front, bladder behind—I was inside of him.”

  “Yes, it looked that way to you,” nodded Bookstrom.
“That is the way your brain, accustomed to three-
dimensional space, interpreted it. But look. If I draw
a circle on this sheet of paper, I can see all points on
the inside of it, can I not? Yet, if you were a two-
dimensional being, I would have a hard time convinc-
ing you that I am not inside the circle.”

 THE END

A New Scientifiction

The

Vanguard of Venus

by Landell Bartlett

This story will not be published in any
magazine but we have arranged to give it
to our readers in attractive book form—
ABSOLUTELY FREE. Turn to page
849 and learn all about this big Free
offer. Remember! This is the only way
that you will ever be able to read this
remarkable tale.
FLIGHT TO VENUS

   By Edwin f(. Sloat

i

           ITH the subject of interplanetary naviga-
tion now occupying so much of the world’s
attention, and the daring and tragic ex-
periences of Darnell, O’Shannon, Peabody
and others still alive in the public mind,
I feel that the time is ripe to reveal the true story of
the most famous of all space adventurers, Prof. Ran-
dall Morteshang, and his sensational trip to Venus.

  There is no need for me to go into detail about
Prof. Morteshang, since he is the most discussed in-
dividual who has thrilled this jaded world in the last
half century, but I feel that perhaps my version would
be incomplete without roughly outlining the familiar
facts.

  Prof. Mortehang, it will be remembered, made his
attempt to navigatfe space in a rocket, somewhat simi-
lar to the one in which his fellow scientist, O’Shannon,
last year attempted a trip to Mars and lost his life
eightly miles above the earth when the rocket ex-
ploded, due, presumably, to the rapidly dwindlingi air
pressure outside which was needed to equalize some-
what the terrific expansion of exploding gases in the
firing chamber which furnished the machine with its
motive power. O’Shannon’s rocket was unquestion-
ably of poor construction, and did not cost a fraction
of the money Morteshang invested in his machine.

  It is not necessary for me to go into Prof. Morte-
shang’s life before he sprang into worldwide fame
almost overnight on his return from the planet, Venus,
an announcement which led to the hottest controversy
the scientific world has ex-
perienced in more than a
century and in the end re-
sulted in his being com-
pletely discredited by the
public and condemned as
the perpetrator of the great-
est hoax of the age. Still,
for the sake of those who
may have forgotten, it may
be well to state that Prof.

Morteshang was an in-
structor in the University of Chicago before his great
adventure, and was known by the faculty there as a
splendid teacher who possessed a very keen mind and
some startling theories about interplanetary space which
were founded on an amazing knowledge of astronomy.
His book on the subject of cosmic rays is still re-
garded as the most conclusive work of its kind in
existence. He was about thirty years old, unmarried,
without relatives, but with some money left to him
through the death of an uncle who had raised him
from boyhood.

  The earliest experiments in space navigation failed
to interest him, but when Peabody made his ill-fated
attempt to circumnavigate the moon in his radion globe
with the intention of taking moving pictures of the
dead wastes of our largest satellite and bringing them
back to earth, Prof. Morteshang became intensely in-
terested in the subject.

  Every child now knows what happened to Peabody.
His radion globe easily climbed out of the gravitation
of the earth and under the anxious eyes trained on
him through every available telescope in the northern
hemisphere sailed bravely out through empty space
toward the full moon. Peabody’s last radio message,
sent from 2,000 miles out in space, stated that every-
thing was working perfectly. No one knows just
what took place, but the globe lost headway near the
moon, came under the influence of its gravitation, and
to this day revolves as a satellite round our lunar
neighbor.

  For more than a year Prof. Morteshang watched,
through the powerful university telescopes, the Pea-
body globe coursing its unhurried path about the moon;
read the endless discussions of the unfortunate adven-
turer’s plight, watched the continual plans for rescue
that always fell through, and finally decided on a
great undertaking for himself.

1WAS connected with the World Television, Inc.,
in Chicago at that time as a portable-set reporter.
My usual assignments were features and human in-
terest pictures, so it was in the natural course of events
that the chief should call me into his office one even-
ing with information that
we had received a tip that
a new space navigation at-
tempt was to be made.

  “It doesn’t seem to be
anything very thrilling,” he
remarked offering me a
cigaret. “I’m hoping you
can develop something real
out of it. The fellow is
named Morteshang and he’s
connected with the Univer-
sity of Chicago. Says he’ll give us the details if we
care for them and will go on the screen for a public
statement. I wish you would go down to the ovserva-
tory and see what you can find out.”

  Five minutes later, with my portable television broad-
casting set, I was aboard a Jackson Park subway ex-
press on the lower level roaring down to the South
Side full of hope that I had struck the lead to the
first big news-break in more than a week. Morteshang
himself opened the door at my ring and invited me
in. I found him to be a well built young man with a

 ONCE more, we have the interplanetarian story, plus.
 It is a most unusual story, and the author has treated,
 the subject ivith care and originality—and what will be of
 still greater interest to our readers is the fact that there
 is a story within the story. Its name is “Into Darkest
 Space," and the-author has shown his willingness to write
 this sequel in the near future, in which we hope to be able
 to bring you first hand knowledge from Venus and its
 strange inhabitants.

780
A trickle of yellow flame suddenly spilled out of the bottom of the steel cylinder high above us. It flared and leaped downward to the
earth with a roar like Niagara, churning up the sandy soil into spray and lighting up fiercely the thousands of ghastly upturned faces.
782

AMAZING STORIES

firm chin, a vigorous handshake and a gleam in his
eyes that hinted at anything but the traditional retir-
ing disposition of college professors.

  “Glad to know you, Mr. Shepherd,” he greeted me
with a winning smile when I introduced myself. “I
was rather afraid my little plan would be too common-
place for television in view of the number of space
navigation attempts that have been made and ended
so unfortunately.”

  I assured him that nothing short of a war, an earth-
quake, or flood disaster could prove any more interest-
ing to the public just now. His eyes flashed with
momentary enthusiasm which was immediately sup-
pressed, and he smiled again.

  “Well, to get to the point, I am planning a trip to
Venus *in a rocket of my own design,” he began.
“Needless to say, I am sure the venture will be a
success.”

  He then talked at length on the advantages of
rockets over radion globes, ray tripods, the Sickel’s
discharge and other actual and theoretical methods of
space propulsion.

  “In the case of the radion globe, such as Peabody
used, the generating machinery is too complicated, the
steerage too clumsy, and the propelling power too
feeble,” he declared. “Why, Peabody was nearly a
month getting as far as he did. No, the radion globe
has not the direct thrust of the rocket, nor its steering
possibilities.”

  I made voluminous tape' phonographic records while
he talked, photographed his blue prints, absorbing as
much information as possible myself, and arranged to
put him on the theatre screens of the world next
morning.

  “If you have read my book on cosmic currents and
their effects—which I presume you have not, although
they are written for the popular mind—you will real-
ize that one of my biggest obstacles in reaching Venus
will be in holding my course through the cosmic stream,
which I have named the Great Current, sweeping
about the Solar System between the earth and Venus
in a very well defined route,” he remarked. “It is
perhaps five million miles in width and fully that many
miles deep, according to the evidences of my year’s
survey through telescopic photography of the drift of
meteorites. In the case of the radion globe the
radio discharge which propels it is quite feeble and
the globe would undoubtedly be swept out of its course
and taken along with this current—if the electrical
properties of the current did not altogether neutralize
the radio waves. Something of this sort may have
happened to Peabody as he neared the moon. With
the rocket, however, I have a primitive combustion
force that will be unaffected by the electrical properties
of the current and will hurl me at top speed through
the current while the rudder of the rocket acting in
the fire stream will give me sharp and distinct
steerage.”

  I hurried back to the office jubilantly. Strangely
enough Prof. Morteshang had notified none of the
other television services, giving us a clean scoop. I
made the most of it, and the theaters of the world

and the television service sets in millions of homes
next morning showed scene after scene of Prof.
Morteshang’s plan and his own account of his pro-
posed journey. Within the hour he sprang from an
obscure university professor to a famous, daring
scientist and astronomer. The jaded world had found
a new hero to worship.

  The World Television, Inc., complimented me on
my masterly treatment of the affair, and assigned me
to cover it to the end. In the weeks that followed I
made trips to Gary with Prof. Morteshang where the
great, cigar shaped cylinder, which was to form the
casing of the rocket, was being welded from the tough-
est Voicen steel, the revolutionary process which
creates steel capable of stretching like rubber rather
than breaking, while still retaining its ordinary resis-
tance and tenacity to the fullest degree. I broadcast
information about the novel sun compass, gravitational
drift gauge, speed calculator, gravitational meteorite
warning indicator, chemical fuel tanks, oxygen tanks
and air machine, the living quarters, the electric light-
ing system, the radio set, the binocular periscopes
looking both fore and aft in the central control room,
and all the rest of the details that the public craved.
Other vision broadcasters, movie men and news writers
by the score hung on the story, too, but none of them
was given the information and excellent treatment
that I received.

II

SIX weeks after the first announcement of the
attempt, so rapidly did things move, I accom-
panied Prof. Morteshang south to Miami, Florida,
near the millionaire colony, where the start was to be
made.

  “It is better here than at Chicago, or New York,”
he stated. Miami is much farther south and conse-
quently much nearer the Equator where gravity is
somewhat lessened by the centrifugal force set up
by the rotation of the earth. To gain the utmost
advantage, the start should be made from a mountain
top in Ecuador, but I am patriotic enough to want it
to be from the soil of the United States, so I have
decided on Miami.”

  Thousands of people gathered daily about the roped-
off space in which the rocket stood, watching the
steeple jacks crawling about like flies on the huge cyl-
inder two hundred feet above the ground. A coat of
paint was being given the big projectile to reflect the
light of the sun out in space and make the rocket’s
progress easier to follw by the astronomers on earth,
whose thousands of telescopes would be trained on the
sky for the momentous occasion.

  The cylinder, which formed the body of the rocket,
stood on three titanic steel legs two hundred feet high,
which in turn rested on a great circular steel ring
upon the ground, making the best surface possible for
the terrain in alighting. Halfway between the ground
and the cylinder were steel braces which held two
slender steel rudders set at right angles to each other
and receiving their leverage to change the direction of;
the rocket by the firestream shooting downward from
FLIGHT TO VENUS

783

the fire chamber which was located in the cylinder.

  The cost of the machine was far larger than Prof.
Morteshang had orignally planned. He had hoped
to build it for $25,000, but as it stood ready for flight,
it represented an investment of more than half a mil-
lion dollars. This, fortunately, did not represent the
whole or any part of his original, small fortune; the
increased sale of his books, his magazine articles, news
rights, and the liberal support of the Miami Chamber
of Commerce financed the whole thing.

THE day of departure was finally set with plenty
of time to allow the public to arrange for the
event. Immediately tourists from all over the world
began to flock to Florida to be present. Air lines from
England, France, and, in fact, nearly every country in
the world sent fleets of excursion planes to Miami;
steamship lines brought in their thousands; railroads
contributed their throngs; private planes from North
and South America filled all the available flying fields
near the city—not to mention the thosands of automo-
biles that jammed the roads leading toward the famous
winter resort. Officials reported it to be the biggest
single invasion Florida hda enjoyed since the historic
land boom far back in 1920 or thereabouts, when the
beauties of the state were just coming into prominence.

  For more than a mile around the rocket space was
fenced off and reserved for the crowd which paid two
dollars a head to get that near the awesome steel ship.
Forty-eight hours before the take-off the spectators
began to arrive and enter the parking space bringing
their beds and meals with them. Special guards were
posted about the rocket in its inner roped-off circle
to protect it from souvenir hunters and possible dam-
age. Warnings were issued by the state police that
planes must stay out of the air until the rocket left
the ground, to prevent possible accidents.

  Several hours before the take-off I went down to
the rocket for a final inspection of the machine, which
was to leave the earth at 8:30 p.m. Prof. Morteshang
was supervising the storage of box after box of chemi-
cals in the strong room above the firing chamber, loads
that were brought up from the ground on the freight
elevator and handled by sweating negro laborers.

  “Enough there to drive me for a year, if necessary,”
he remarked, waving his hand toward the growing
pile, and then smiled at me quizzically. “By the way,
Shepherd, what are you doing this evening ?”

  “Nothing except cover this affair,” I replied.

  “I would like to have you come over to my apart-
ment at the hotel for dinner—a strictly informal, and,
if I might say it, a secret affair. Will you come?”
“With bells on, and tickled to death at the chance,”
I responded promptly.

  Six o’clock found me knocking at his door and
wondering what significance, if any, the affair might
have in the flight. Prof. Morteshang admitted me,
grinned in the best of humor, and phoned down to
the dining room for a most elaborate meal, which in
due time arrived and was served by a scar-faced waiter,
in the balcony overlooking the ocean. We ate leisurely
and settled back to enjoy our cigarets and a bottle of

the oldest champagne obtainable. Not until then did
Prof. Morteshang drop his bantering air, which he
had maintained throughout the dinner, and become
serious.

  “I have been thinking about you, Shepherd,” he
remarked. “You have really impressed me by the way
you have handled this thing since the beginning, and
I have been wondering if you could manage an even
larger proposition along the same lines. The subject
is one that I feel extreme delicacy about proposing,
and I feel bound to put you upon your honor as a
gentleman to let what is said between use here go no
farther. But I really need a partner—someone I can
trust.”

  I hesitated and cleared my throat diffidently.

  “The secrecy part is all O. K. and you may feel
assured that I will not talk. But if you are going to
offer me the opportunity of going along with you to
Venus, that is something I should have to consider
very carefully. You see, I have my mother to support,
and I am sending my kid sister through college. Be-
lieve me, though, I would like to go with you!”

  “Oh, that’s all out. I’m not even going myself,”
he announced calmly.

  “You—you not going!” I ejaculated.

  “Sh! Not so loud,” he cautioned. “No, I have no
intentions of leaving the earth if I can help it.”

  “But the rocket—the crowds—” I floundered.

  “That part will be taken care of, but don’t forget
your promise of secrecy. Eet me explain the whole
thing, and perhaps you will understand better. I never
intended to go when I made my plans. In fact, I
don’t intend to get more than a few miles off the
earth’s surface. The rocket can go to Venus, or any
place else it chooses, but it shall go alone.”

  I stared at him, half believing he had gone suddenly
mad.

  “But the public will make you pay for your fun,” I
protested at last.

  “You mean the public will pay me for its fun,” he
corrected with a smile, laying his hand on my knee.
“Let me call you by your nickname, ‘Les,’ and you call
me ‘Ran,’ and let’s get real informal and confidential
about this Venus stunt, and talk it over as a couple
of friends. If I seem a trifle cocksure about the whole
affair, please forgive me, for it is the first big thing
I have ever attempted.

OW to begin at the beginning. I got this
whole idea from watching that hellish, globu-
lar tomb of popr Peabody floating round and round
the moon. I knew him slightly—a pleasant chap who
was in my astronomy class at the U. in my soph year.
I mulled over his experience a great deal, and finally
arrived at some conclusions. Peabody tried to go
to the moon because the public wanted someone to.
He sacrificed his life, his savings, and left a young
widow to mourn his loss, trying to achieve that empty
bubble, fame, and riches, doubtful rewards that he
thought would be his on returning from his lunar
adventure. Proof of his discovery to put on the auc-
tion block for the public would have been several
784

AMAZING STORIES

thousand feet of moving picture film of the lunar
mountains and desert wastes which could have been
faked far more realistically in any studio, and I doubt
very much whether they would have equalled the tele-
photo studies we have made of that body through our
telescopes.

  “It is more than lkiely that the public would have
raised the cry of ‘Fake!’ before he had done very
much toward collecting his fortune—you know there
are a considerable number of persons even now who
believe that he never left the earth—and he might
have lost out altogether after all. His attempt was
practically suicide from the start, as all such adventures
are bound to be, and utterly futile. The public is to
blame.

  “So, after arriving at this conclusion I decided I
could make a neat little fortune, give the public a big
thrill with practically no danger to myself, and then
thrill it again by disillusionment, and collect for that.

  “I planned to build a big rocket, start in it off the
ground, drop out in a parachute before I got too high,
and on reaching the ground, go into hiding for a year
—make a trip to South America and visit the Upper
Amazon, a thing I have always longed to do. At the
end of that time I could leave behind me, half buried
in the mud of some primitive swamp, a duplicate
rocket and return to tthe world with the announcement
that I had come back from Venus. After the first
excitement, I would turn the medals and awards back
to the various societies and nations that presented them
to me and then come out with a book disclosing the
truth, showing the ease with which the public may be
duped, and the utter futility of any sane attempt at
interplanetary navigation. I ought to make a million,
and the public ought to learn a lesson.”

  He paused. I stared at the ceiling, deep in thought.

  “Where do I come in?” I asked finally.

  “You are to help me write the book and handle the
publicity, a thing you can do much better than I. At
least half the success of the venture so far has been
due to you. I’ll either pay you a salary—a big one—
or give you a third of the royalties. All you have to
do is to keep mum until you hear from me and then
consider yourself hired.”

  “Sounds more than fair to me,” I declared. “I’ll
accept—on the royalty basis. But I’ll tell you frankly
that I have my doubts. The public, I have learned, is
a very, very funny animal. It may fool both of us
badly before we are done with this affair. However,
I’ll stick with you just the same.”

  We shook hands on the deal and drank a final glass
of champagne to its success, and left the hotel for the
rocket enclosure. I was somewhat startled to see the
big missile canting badly to the northwest as we made
our way through the milling crowd, and called Ran’s—
he was no longer “Professor Morteshang” to me—
attention to it.

  “That’s to give me a better opportunity of getting
out in my ’chute,” he whispered. “Tell ’em that I
needed the advantage of remaining in the atmosphere
as long as possible to get its added resistance to the
combustion thrust. It is a legitimate reason, too.”

THE crowd broke into a mighty cheer as Ran was
recognized entering the gate of the fenced off
space about the rocket. Flashlights thundered, movie
men cranked frantically and the television reporters
danced around to get the best focus possible with their
sets as he mounted the freight elevator, taking me with
him, and ascended to the door of the cylinder.

  As we entered the control room I stared about ,
curiously.

  “Is all this paraphernalia and machinery a fake like
the rest of the idea?” I asked.

  “Not a bit of it,” was his prompt response. “This
whole rocket and everything connected with it—ex-
cepting myself—is genuine and of the best materials.

I didn’t dare to fake this thing for fear the scientists
might become suspicious. And I also got a lot of
satisfaction out of making the machine as perfect as
possible. As it stands a man with the inclination and
any kind of luck could actually go to Venus in it.

  “Well, it is nearly time to start, so I’ll put on my
’chute and get my flashlight ready. Luck to you, Les,
and take good care of yourself till you hear from me.”

  I grinned as we shook hands.

  “Have a good time in South America, Ran,” I said.
“You’ll probably bring back an Amazon for a wife
and call her a Venus—which may be proof of some-
thing or other.”

  His laughter followed me out of the little doorway
and I entered the elevator. I heard the steel door
click shut behind me and saw his smiling face through
the heavy glass.

  The elevator descended with a rush. No sooner had
it touched the ground than the workmen hurried me
to safety outside the 200-yard limit in which the rocket
stood grim, and awe-inspiring but beautiful under the
battery of searchlights playing on it. All about the
circle were thousands of silent spectators crushed to-
gether in a black mass with their upturned faces gleam-
ing. I glanced overhead at the brilliantly jewelled
dome of the heavens waiting to receive the rocket. A
great crash startled me, although I knew what it was—
the collapse of the 200-foot elevator which had been
toppled over out of the way of the rocket’s base. The
crowd swayed with excitement. The luminous dial of
my wrist watch showed 8:30 o’clock.

  A trickle of yellow flame suddenly spilled out of
the bottom of the steel cylinder high above us. It
flared and leaped downward to the earth with a roar
like Niagara, churning up the sandy soil into spray
and lighting up fiercely the thousands of ghastly up-
turned faces. The crowd shrank back. The roaring
crescendoed into the giant diapason of a hurricane;
the flame seemed suddenly longer. I became aware
that the rocket was already high above the earth and
hurtling off into the northwest. Smaller and smaller
shrank the tail of fire until it became only a huge yel-
low star that slowly dwindled to nothing. I plunged
through the swirling, cheering thousands to the tele-
vision broadcasting shack with its glowing tubes, whir-
ring machinery and bawling announcers.

  Astronomers in both European and American ob-
servatories picked up the silvery oval of the rocket as
FLIGHT TO VENUS

785

it came into sunlight beyona the shadow of the earth
and followed it far into space. It disappeared in less
than half an hour after its departure.

  A faint flash of yellow fire was seen some time
later which astronomers believed came from the rocket
—“Prof. Morteshang at this point evidently decided
to increase his speed,” Hyman, the Glober Television
and Broadcasting Service reporter, declared.

  I laughed as I listened, and wondered if that brilliant
surmise was not amusing Ran in his hiding place in
northwest Florida or Georgia where his parachute de-
scent must have carried him. Hyman had suffered
badly throughout the affair. How he would have
exulted if he had known the truth, and how he would
have aired the facts before the world!

Ill

WEEKS grew into months before the public
interest in the event died down to normal. I
went about my work as usual, carrying a new
earth induction wrist watch of forty-odd jewels which
cost the directors of the World Television, Inc., five
hundred dollars, and was given me as an expression
of their esteem for the splendid way I had handled
the Morteshang affair. I must confess that my con-
science was not altogether at ease over the gift. In-
cidently, I was assigned to cover the return wherever
it might occur. I enjoyed another private chuckle
over that angle of the affair, too.

  Winter changed to Spring and Spring matured into
Summer, but no word came from Ran. Hints that
he might have been destroyed by a meteorite, or have
perished from the extreme cold out in the black void
of space—or perhaps had become a satellite as Pea-
body had—begun to be heard. I was becoming a trifle
uneasy and was scanning every news dispatch from
South America. Then one day I received my message.
It came in a badly worn envelope, which bore the post
mark of Nome, Alaska, and was in Ran’s handwriting.

“Come at once. Need you badly—Ran.” it read.

  A glance at the aerial time tables showed me that
the tourist plane service to Alaska had been discon-
tinued two weeks before. I could catch a De Luxe
night passenger plane for Seattle and board a steamer
there for the north the next morning, but decided
against it. The message said “Come at once.” That
meant faster time than a coasting vessel, or the
slower rail connections could make. I caught up my
overcoat and dashed for the elevator, dropping down to
the subway station sixty floors below and shot out to
my apartment in Evanston where I packed my bag
and came hurtling back through the lower level tube
at a mile a minute to the Field Museum station. A
Pick-Me-Up Taxi hurried me out to the mail plane
hangars on Soldiers’ Field, where I managed to board
a big mail monoplane through the use of my reporter’s
card, and arrived at Nome next morning.

  The northland was already a snow-covered, deso-
late waste. I shivered in spite of the tropic warmth of
the big tourist hotel as I entered the lobby. Almost
immediately a stocky, fur-clad man approached and
introduced himself as Dennis McCargell and my guide

to lead me to Ran. He bore a letter which identified
him. We waited only long enough to purchase fur
clothing for me and started on our way by dog sled.

  I will not dwell on the chilly, painful details of our
trip, excepting one incident which caused a great deal
of inconvenience later. While we slept one night, the
huskies, urged on by their wolfish hunger, tore, open
my pack and destroyed my portable television broad-
casting set for the sake of its leather casing. There
was nothing I could do except to pick up the pieces next
morning.

  About a week after leaving Nome, we reached a val-
ley between high, snow-draped mountains within the
Arctic Circle, a valley wherein lay an exact duplicate
of the Morteshang rocket under the shoulder of a hill.
The machine was tipped grotesquely on its side as
though it had been smashed by the impact of falling
from the skies. The twisted, broken landing gear was
most realistic. Quarter of a mile distant stood a large
miner’s cabin with a smoking chimney. We paused on
the edge of the valley.

  “What a God-forsaken spot this is!” I exclaimed
involuntarily. “I wonder why he didn’t stick to South
America.”

  I checked myself and could have bitten my tongue
off, as I suddenly recollected my stocky, dour, Scotch
guide beside me. He apparently took no notice of my
words, so I let them pass. We plowed our way down
the hillside, and crossed the valley to the cabin. Mc-
Cargell pushed open the door and we entered.

  I glanced about curiously. A red hot stove stood at
one end of the big room—I was surprised at the size of
the building—and beside it stood a slender girl and a
young man, fur-clad like ourselves. He eyed us rather
haughtily, it seemed to me. A bed stood against the
wall near the window close by. McCargell led me to it.

  “There he is, poor lad,” he said.

UNDER the covers lay Ran with wasted cheeks and
eyes that were bright with fever. The girl pushed
her way imperiously between McCargell and me to see
what we were doing. I glanced down at her profile
and received a distinct shock. Where the average hu-
man being glows with a pinkish color from the tint of
the blood beneath the skin, her flesh showed a delicate
green tint, a pale, lovely hue that was utterly entrancing.
I marvelled. Her hair was long and black and shot
through here and there with a dark, greenish strand.
She glanced up at me defiantly with great luminous
eyes, that glowed with an amber flame in their depths.
I noted, too, that her features were flawlessly beauti-
ful, but her gaze made me feel uncomfortable. I hur-
riedly turned my attention to Ran.

  He was delirious from pneumonia and mumbled
strange words and phrases as he tossed about, until the
girl laid a cooling hand on his forehead. He became
quiet at once and fell into a fitful slumber. I looked
up at her. Leave him to me, her eyes said as distinctly
as though she had spoken the words. I obediently
turned to the stove and removed part of my outside
fur clothing.

  “Tell me what happened,” I asked McCargell.
786

AMAZING STORIES

  “Nothing much to tell,” he replied stolidly, getting
out his pipe. “This is my cabin, and I was out pros-
pectin’ and trappin’ on the other side of the range for
a couple of weeks. When I came back I saw that big
machine, whatever it is, against the hill over there
where it had been wrecked, and these folk were all
in here with the fire going. The young lad and lassie
can’t talk English. There is an old woman, too, green
like they are, that’s asleep in the next room where she
an’ the lassie stay. The old one don’t get out of bed
at all on account of the cold.

  “Him under the covers there had been out mining
coal for the stove from the outcrop on the hillside.
That’s where he caught his cold. He didn’t think it
would be so bad at first. Then he sent me down to
Nome with the letter for you.”

  “How did he get the machine here?” I asked.

  “How do I know? I wasn't here,” he countered.
“Must of fell out of the sky. Some kind of a new
doodad for flying over the Pole, I guess.”

  I sat down perplexed. The girl rose and came to me.
She produced a small, red leather bound volume from
the bosom of her parka (Eskimo skin garment), handed
it to me, and returned to the bed. I opened the book
haphazardly and glanced at a page near the beginning.

  “Am nearing Venus on the sunny side,” I read.
“The glare from the fog mantle that covers the planet
is terrific. I had to smoke a portion of the window,
and the periscopes through which I am watching. I
have opened the firing chamber and with the rudders
have turned the rocket over so that I can ease it down
to the surface of the planet right side up with the
pressure of the discharge to act as a brake and a land-
ing cushion. I only hope I am not coming down over
on ocean.”

  Great stuff! Nothing could be better for our book
than a nice, juicy diary, or log of the trip. Ran evi-
dently was leaving nothing undone to make our ven-
ture a success. I turned over a few pages.

  “I entered Cherwa, the capital city, this morning,
triumphantly escorted by a guard of honor of these
beautiful green people. I wish I could describe ade-
quately the fairy-like beauty of the town with its stately,
ornamented walls of marble and its wide, welcoming
gates. Slender, towered buildings that remind nie of
Oriental minarets rise proudly behind the walls, and
tall, fronded trees like long-handled, feathered fans,
grace the wide marble avenues. How 1 wish that Les
could be with me to enjoy it all!”

  I frowned. That last sentence was out of place and
would have to be deleted.

  “How he and I would laugh over that wild scheme
of mine that we discussed back there in Miami the night
of my departure, a scheme which, if carried out, would
have robbed me of this wonderful adventure.”

  I gasped as the truth dawned upon me, and turned
frantically to the first page of the diary.

  “The joke is on me, but I do not greatly mind it.
In fact, I am rather glad that things have turned out
as they did. The earth, like a great, black ball with
a crescent, silver rim, is lying behind me and I am
hurtling through an empty void with the great, red sun

and its flaring rays shooting hundreds of thousands of
miles into space off to my left, and above, below, and
all about are balls of fire of varied colors that are
worlds and suns in themselves, the distant ones show-
ing only as fiery points of light against the black vel-
vet curtain of eternal space. It is all rather awe-in-
spiring, but nothing that frightens me. I only regret
that I cannot do its description more justice.

  “All this great adventure is occurring because I
dropped the key to the door of the rocket at the critical
instant after my take-off at Miami. As I hurriedly
thrust it at the keyhole, the key slipped from my fin-
gers and fell to the floor, where it slid under a pile of
chemical boxes that had not been stofed away. By the
time I upset the pile and retrieved it, my opportunity
to leave the rocket had passed. I was already hundreds
of miles off the earth and my speed was increasing
every instant. To dive out into the frigid, empty void
would have been certain suicide. I could either turn
the rocket about and go back to earth again, or con-
tinue on my proposed trip to Venus. I chose the lat-
ter.

  “After making my decision, I released another charge
into the firing chamber and felt, by the pressure of my
feet on the floor, a burst of renewed speed. The flame
leaped backwards for hundreds of miles. I have calcu-
lated my speed from the position of the sun, Mars and
the earth and find that I am travelling in excess of a
million miles an hour. I shall increase this shortly.
Speed out here is only a relative matter after all, and
a million miles an hour seems no swifter than ten or
twelve knots aboard an ocean freighter, or two hundred
in an airplane. I experienced some difficulty in getting
around through the interior of the rocket because there
is no gravity to hold me down, but otherwise there is
no discomfort. The machinery is functioning per-
fectly.”

1 CLOSED the volume and stared about me in
amazement. He had really done it! These green
folk were truly children of another planet! What a
book—a true book—we should write and how we would
thrill the world! I turned eagerly back to the diary.

  There is neither the space nor the time here to record
in full what I read there. I would not weary my read-
ers if I could, for the volume is included almost com-
plete in Ran’s autobiography, "Into Darkest Space,”
which has gone through more than a hundred editions
and has been translated into every language on earth.
It is all too familiar. If any of its chapters have been
forgotten, the book my be had at the nearest public
library, where, I grieve to say, it has probably been
placed among the works of fiction.

  McCargell, stamping in from the outside, interrupted
me before I had finished reading the diary.

  “Snowin’,” he announced laconically. “We’re stuck
for the winter.”

  I sprang to my feet.

  “But I’ve got to get back to Nome!” I exclaimed.

  “No use tryin’. By morning we’ll be lucky to see
out of the windows.”

  I raved, but in vain, for he was right and in the face
FLIGHT TO VENUS

787

of the elements we were as helpless in our super-civil-
ized world as the most primitive savage snow-bound in
his mountain cave till spring, because we had no means
of getting back to civilization to send a plane after us
and bring a doctor for Ran. The radio set of the rocket
had been hopelessly shattered when the big machine
crashed on the mountainside as Ran was trying to bring
it down through a heavy storm to get his bearings, and
my portable television set had been too badly broken
up by McCargell’s huskies to be repaired. So I re-
signed myself to our fate and started to work at once
on the book of the great adventure, while Loama, the
green girl with the emerald blood of Venus princes in
her veins, nursed Ran back to health.

  Hers was the harder task at first when he hovered on
the Border Line and we all waited anxiously until the
crisis had passed and he had fallen into a restful slum-
ber from which he emerged weak but released from the
delirium. Loama, exhausted by her long vigil, slept in
her chair at the bedside, holding his hand.

  “Hello, Les,” he greeted me faintly with a smile
when he recognized me. “Knew you would come when
you received my letter. I see you know the truth about
my trip. Must have read the diary. We have our
chance now at something real instead of a paltry hoax.”

  “I should say so,” I agreed heartily. “You have
made history, Old Man, but we’ll talk more about it
after you have rested.”

  His recovery was rapid, and he could scarcely wait
until we had finished the first draft of the book.

  “It means far more than you realize, Les,” he de-
clared. “The races of Venus have long since perfected
space navigation, and bring in rare woods, metals, and
chemicals from the planet Mercury, which is so hot
that human life cannot exist there for any length of
time. They will be coming to earth next, seeking col-
onization.”

  “Why haven’t they come before?” I asked.

  “We have been protected by the great cosmic cur-
rent I told you about. The green people use an elec-
trical force similar to an electric discharge for their
space propulsion. The peculiar electrical properties of
the Great Current nullify the effects of the discharge
and the ships are swept away helplessly to fall ulti-
mately, I presume, into the sun. No less than a hun-
dred adventurers have set forth bravely to reach the
earth in the last score of years and have never been
heard of since. The scientists of Venus were at a loss
to know what happened to them until I explained the
current which had no effect on the primitive combustion
force of my rocket.”

  These and many other facts that are included in
“Into Darkest Space” I learned from Ran first hand
as he lay in his bed under the watchful eyes of the
green princess, who often imperiously gestured to me
to stop talking and let him rest when he seemed a bit
weary. I could never learn more than a few words of
her language, and those, I must confess, sounded all
alike, for it required the most delicate shading of tone
to convey their meaning. In his book Ran says the
vocabulary of the whole language is limited to only a
few score of spoken words as a base for the pyramid

of the most highly developed communication in the
universe, which is carried on by direct inference through
the eyes—a sort of mental telepathy. The system of
writing is extremely complicated and bears no relation
whatever to the spoken words although it is as capable
of bearing the burden of cultured literature and deep
philosophic discussion as any of the languages of the
earth. Ran learned the spoken language through hyp-
notic treatment over a period of many weeks, and had
mastered the rudiments of the written language dur-
ing his sojourn on Venus.

LOAMA and her brother, Vomi, and their old slave
i governess disdained to learn English as something
too primitive and harsh. I noticed that none of them
experienced the slightest difficulty in making their wants
known through their expressive glances.

  These two children of Venus looked upon McCargell
and myself at first in about the same light as they
regard their slaves at home, but they revered Ran as
a veritable demi-god, proving it not only by accompany-
ing him back to earth, but also, as those familiar with
his book will recall, by rescuing him from the Unknown
Society, that radical organization of Venus scientists,
which held him prisoner and determined that he should
never leave that planet until they searched and exam-
ined the innermost depths of his mnid by hypnosis, as a
biologist might dissect a living frog. Provided the
experience had not resulted in his death, Ran would
have survived it only to be a babbling idiot for the
remainder of his life.

  Knowing the resourcefulness of Loama and the utter
fearlessness of her brother, I do not marvel at the
way they immediately armed themselves with atomic
ray machines as soon as they learned of Ran’s predica-
ment and cut their way into the steel vault in the base-
ment of the Cherwa Academy, where he lay helpless
in hypnotic stupor on the raised marble slab ready for
the first experiments of the Unknown Society in the lec-
ture room above. I can easily vision the blackness of
the night, the cold, drenching rain that begins at dusk
and continues intermittently for two hours from the
overhanging cloud canopy of the planet, and there un-
der the base of the academy wall, wet to the skin and
with teeth chattering, Loama and her brother at work
dissolving with their pistol-like ray controls the marble
and steel between themselves and the secret vault while
the members of the Unknown Society were gathering
in the lecture hall. How they must have hurried to
seize his unconscious form between them and flee out
into the street just as the lights flashed on and the
floor above the chamber began to open! I can ap-
preciate, too, Loama’s determination to keep Ran hid-
den in her own bed chamber during the ensuing excite-
ment, while court detectives under the orders of her
father, the king, ferreted out the names of the Un-
known Society and put every member to death. There
was no other place she could be sure of his safety.

  Often I watched Loama’s lambent eyes blaze and
leap in the firelight shining from the open door of
the red hot stove as she dwelt among the memories of
her homeland on that other planet, where the sky is
788

AMAZING STORIES

always white and hazy under the eternal cloud canopy
and summer rules the land. The long Arctic night here
on earth, with the Aurora Borealis flaming outside in
the intense stillness of the deep cold, was surely con-
trast enough to make her homesick. All three must
have suffered severely from the cold, although they
continuously wore the fur clothing supplied by Mc-
Cargell.

IV

OUR imprisonment came to an end when the sun
peeped again over the southern horizon, and
the snow on the mountain-sides started seaward
down the foaming, churning gullies and creeks. We
packed our stuff as soon as possible and began our
long trek back to Nome by dog sled. Ran left the
faithful old rocket with deep regret. It had not been
seriously damaged by the crash in landing, or by the
winter’s cold. He said it could well be used again.
Loama hung on his words wistfully.

  I could scarcely wait to reach Nome and announce
to the world the safe return of Prof. Morteshang.
Immediately on reaching the little city, I sought out the
World Television, Inc., station there and introduced
Prof. Morteshang and his three companions from
Venus to the millions of people throughout the world,
who at that moment were watching television screens
in theatres and homes. Then I sought out the mail
station and made arrangements to start for Chicago on
the next mail plane.

  Before we had been under way an hour, the radio
operator began to receive messages of congratulation,
offers of theatrical contracts, requests of autographed
books and photos, and invitations to attend public and
private functions from all parts of the delighted and
astonished world. At the Canadian border we were
met by an escadrille of municipal planes from Chicago
to escort us the rest of the way to Soldiers’ Field.
Our escort grew rapidly from then on, as private planes
hove into view from all points on the horizon to swell
our triumphant progress.

  Soldiers’ Field was crowded to capacity by cheering
thousands, who even swarmed over the plane runways,
leaving us scarcely room enough to alight. When we
opened the door of the cabin and stepped out we were
greeted by the blaring of bands and cheering of the
crowd. Special police fought back the eager specta-
tors while the official committee of welcorne took charge
and escorted us from the field. Throughout the world,
theatres were packed to the doors with people who were
devouring the television account of the affair.

  Our fortune was made, and Prof. Morteshang’s name
as a scientist and discoverer would go down-through
the ages as immortal, it seemed. Millions of dollars
in movie contracts were offered not only to him, but
to Princess Loama and her brother as well. Ran ig-
nored the offers; his companions laughed first in amuse-
ment, then in contempt. They care nothing for silver
screen fame, nor, in fact, for anything of the earth
which they regarded in about the same light as that in
which a confirmed New Yorker looks on life in Pata-
gonia.

  Ran’s refusal came from a sincere hope that his
accomplishment might result in the betterment of the
human race in the future—a view that contrasted
strongly with his original plan of bilking the public out
of a fortune. He laughed a little shamefacedly to me
about that original scheme and resolved never to reveal
it to another living soul. He would probably become
wealthy as a side issue, but he resolved never to use
his tremendous fame as a lever to hoist himself into
a vast fortune in the world of the theatre. He ex-
pressed this view at a famous banquet, harking back
into history as he did so.

  “I often heard my grandfather tell of his boyhood
memories of the way the world idolized Charles Lind-
bergh, the first aviator to fly from New York to Paris
in a non-stop flight,” he said. “Lindebergh, or ‘Lindy,’
as he was affectionately called, turned down numberless
chances to commercialize his great popularity, passing
them all by in the interests of national welfare. No
man in a similar position could set a higher ideal before
us, than the example of that intrepid aviator.”

  That banquet with the presentation of the Congres-
sional Medal for the greatest accomplishment of the
year and its accompanying $50,000, which was pre-
sented by the President of the United States himself,
marked the high tide in the career of Prof. Marteshang.
The very next morning, while listening to the radio
news dispatches of the world at breakfast, I heard a
statement by Prof. Hibbs, the Harvard astronomical
authority, that there was something strange about the
landing spot of Prof. Morteshang on his return from
Venus. It was as follows:

  “The mountain in northern Alaska, it will be noted,
is directly under the course taken by the rocket after
it took off in Florida. It will be recalled that Prof.
Morteshang started his flight at a very low angle, which
could easily have resulted in the rocket passing over
Alaska at a height of but a few miles above the earth
before darting off into empty space. The angle of
flight excited quite a discussion at the time in scientific
circles and there were a number of scientists who were
not altogether satisfied with Morteshang’s reason of
added air resistance at the start of the flight. These
scientists still raise the question.”

  I hurried to the Amidon Hotel, where Ran and his
proteges were staying. He had heard the statement,
too, and was considerably disturbed by it. We at once
understood the motive behind the statement. It came
through the news release of the Globe Television and
Radio Service, and I recognized in it the hand of Hy-
man, who had played second fiddle to me throughout
the preparations and take-off of the rocket flight. Ran
contributed further.

  “That man, Hibbs, once suffered considerable em-
barrassment from a criticism I wrote of one of his
books. He has never forgiven me.”

HIBBS’ statement created no great stir, but within
a week another attack was made by the “Globe”
gang. Hyman uncovered the fact that Ran had bought
a parachute shortly before his departure. This bit of
news, following Hibbs’ statement, created a real sen-
FLIGHT TO VENUS

789

sation. We held a consultation and decided to ignore
the implication of fraud, but by the next day such a
controversy had arisen, that Ran felt that it was nec-
essary to come forward with an explanation, that he
had taken the ’chute as a possible safeguard against
a crash landing either on Venus or the earth, a precau-
tion on a par with the equipping of trans-continental
passenger planes with ’chutes, and placing lifeboats on
ocean liners.

  This explanation did much to quiet the controversy,
but we were frankly worried. Ran saw his great ac-
complishment threatened with destruction, and perhaps
the end of his ambition to take a scientific and diplo-
matic mission to Venus to bring about a better under-
standing between the peoples of the two worlds. No
doubt existed in our minds but that the Globe Service
had planned a definite campaign to discredit Ran, and
we waited nervously to see where the next point of
attack would be. It came from an altogether new source
and fairly made us gasp at the devilish ingenuity of it.

  Dr. Humphreys, owner of the famous Humphrey’s
sanitarium for nervous disorders located at Los An-
geles, came forward with a statement that the peculiar
green color of the “so-called Children of Venus,” who
had been introduced to the public by Prof. Morteshang
as proof of his visitation to the planet Venus, was not
unknown on earth, although by no means common.
“Valvular trouble of the heart, which so often gives in-
fants a blue color, had been known to impart to some
patients a greenish tinge, and digestive troubles often
result in the same color,” he declared. “However,” he
concluded, “three such ideal cases as the ‘Children of
Venus’ would be rather unusual.”

  We could make no reply to that. Vomi would have
made an answer in his princely fashion, that would
have terminated all opinions of that publicity seeking
physician very suddenly and painfully if we had per-
mitted. The inference that Vomi was sickly or diseased
was an insult to his royal blood, which in his homeland
would have been erased on the field of honor or any
other convenient spot.

  The public did not become greatly excited over Dr.
Humphrey’s opinion, but the belief of fraud was grow-
ing. A score of speaking and banquet invitations
which had been scheduled for the near future for Prof.
Marteshang were postponed or cancelled by societies
and municipalities in various parts of the country. Ran
was forced to call off a speaking tour through the east-
ern states. He raved to us, but there was nothing that
we could do without openly involving ourselves in the
controversy, a thing I was trying desperately to avoid.

  Another attack against us was made by Prof. Hibbs
while speaking at a luncheon of the Academy of Science
in New York. He declared the Academy had acted
prematurely in presenting its medal and $10,000 award
to Prof. Morteshang without investigating more thor-
oughly the circumstances of the affair. The golden op-
portunity had passed,'since such an investigation should
have been made as soon as possible after the landing
of the rocket, but better late than never. A committee
appointed by the Academy should without delay voyage
by plane to northern Alaska and look thoroughly into

the wreck of the rocket, and interview the miner, Mc-
Cargell.

  The assembled members considered the question with
much gravity and appointed the committee which was
to start the following week in a specially chartered
plane, accompanied, of course, by the usual train of
television broadcasters, moving picture men, newspaper
correspondents, and others.

  We were dumfounded at the action of the Academy,
but felt it best to maintain our policy of watchful wait-
ing. As publicity director, however, I made one excep-
tion and sent a statement to the World Television, Inc.,
that Prof. Hibb’s dislike for Prof. Morteshang dated
back several years to a criticism of a book, treating on
Hibbs’ theories regarding the planetismal theory, a
criticism which was almost universally approved by the
world’s astronomers. I was amazed and somewhat
alarmed that the statement failed to appear on the tele-
vision screens. I also realized that the World Tele-
vision had not assigned me to accompany the Academy
expedition. Our position was indeed becoming precari-
ous. We could only await the findings of the commit-
tee, which would shortly be announced.

THAT report startled the world and left us dazed
in dismay and astonishment. We were all five
seated with the usual audience in the television room of
the Amidon Hotel when Chairman Corsepius of the
Rocket Investigating Committee appeared on the screen
and made the following statement from northern Alaska
via the portable television sets accompanying the party:

  “There are no remains of any rocket on this mountain
or in this vicinity where Prof. Morteshang and his
three green-hued companions claim to have alighted
on their return from Venus. Our investigating com-
mittee has found only a few rusty steel bridge girders
which have evidently been brought here by dog sled
from Nome and unloaded carelessly at the base of the
mountain, as we shall show you presently.

  “Of McCargell there is no trace. In Nome it is re-
ported that he appeared there shortly after Prof. Mor-
teshang announced his return to the world. McCargell
showed his friends a large roll of currency and said
he was leaving at once for his native Scotland.

  “We shall now show you the remains of the alleged
rocket, and the McCargell cabin, which is now vacant.”

  Dumfounded, we stared at the change of scene, show-
ing the old bridge girders dumped carelessly in the
snow and listened to the caustic comments of the
committee members about them. The scene changed
abruptly to Tokyo, where, in the early morning hours,
a disastrous fire was raging in the geisha girls’ quar-
ters. Under cover of the screaming girls and the
clanging fire apparatus, we crept out of the room and
hurried to Ran’s apartment.

  Within ten minutes I received a special delivery let-
ter from the World Television, Inc., notifying me that
my services were no longer required by that corpora-
tion. Another letter next morning was received from
the president of the Univesity of Chicago, informing
Ran that his resignation would be accepted at once.
During the remainder of the week, bell boys brought
790

AMAZING STORIES

letters and telegrams from banquet and reception com-
mittees all over the country, informing us that affairs
at which Prof. Morteshang was to appear had been
called off.

  Out of all this welter came one cheerful announce-
ment. It was from our literary agent, informing us
that the sales of “Into Darkest Spa-ce” were steadily
mounting, and the financial returns from this and the
news rights with their various ramifications had already
topped two and a half millions of dollars, and in a short
time would total more than five millions.

  Ran read the statement wearily, dropped it on the
floor, and resumed his endless pacing from one end of
the room to the other with his knuckles clenched be-
hind his back and his face disfigured by the frown he
had worn for days. He was haggard from the loss of
sleep and appetite. Loama, seated beside me, watched
with genuine concern but without comment. Vomi
maintained a sympathetic, masculine silence. Abruptly
Ran halted before us.

  “Why can’t they quit hounding me?” he burst out.
“What have I done to deserve this treatment? Have
I tried to injure anyone? Have I not opened up a
wonderful, new phase of human experience for man-
kind, and am I not trying to work for the betterment
of two worlds ?”

  “This persecution is only the result of jealousy and
hatred, of course,” I assured him. “The people of the
world are confused and misled. When the truth be-
comes known they will turn on Hyman, Hibbs and that
gang even more unmercifully than they have treated
you. You are being martyred—temporarily—but you
will have'your turn. Do not feel too badly about the
affair, and, if need be, regard this episode only as a
touch of poetic justice for that original foolishness you
devised to fool the public.”

  “That is what hurts the worst!” he exclaimed. “Such
a wonderful thing has resulted from my paltry little
plan of getting a few dollars from the public, and now
the public is refusing to believe in me 1”

  He started pacing the floor again. I sprang up and
caught his arm.

  “Stop worrying, Ran,” I said. “We’ll make a trip
of our own to Alaska and see if we can find some trace
of the rocket—it is no easy matter to hide tons of steel
like that—and we’ll get a detective to find McCargell
and get a written statement from him containing the
truth of the matter.”

  He shook his head dolefully.

  “A statement wouldn’t do any good if he did make
it,” he replied. “The public would be made to believe
that we bought it from him.”

  I knew he was right, but I refused to admit it, and
began to search my mind for some hot counter-attack
to launch against our enemies.

WE never started the search for the missing rocket,
nor did we put a detective on the trail of Mc-
Cargell, for something took place that afternoon which
convinced Ran that there was no possibility of restor-
ing his reputation before the public again. Since the
report of the rocket committee, we had secluded our-

selves in the apartment, refusing to see any visitors.
Our meals were served there, and we also installed a
private television receiving outfit to prevent the un-
pleasant experience of using the one in the hotel and
meeting the public.

  We had just finished luncheon and were sitting about
the room facing the television screen, while the events
of the world occurred before us. Sensational testimony
in a murder trial in New Orleans had halted while the
court recessed, and we were about to change to a
theatrical wavelength and attend a musical show in New
York, when the bell announcing important news jangled
loudly. The scene shifted to the warden’s office in the
federal penitentiary at Atlanta. A man in prison garb
with a scar across his right cheek was about to speak.
Something vaguely familiar about him stirred my curi-
osity before he was introduced.

  The warden informed us that the prisoner was Al-
fred Smith, serving a sentence for using the mails to
defraud, and had something of vital importance to say
about the Morteshang affair. Before the prisoner had
spoken a dozen words, both Ran and I recognized him
as the waiter who had served our farewell dinner in the
Miami hotel on the night of the rocket take-off. Smith
said he had hidden in the room off the balcony and
had overheard Ran tell me all the details of the proposed
fraud, including the parachute descent, the exploration
trip up the Amazon and all the rest. Smith explained
his previous silence by declaring frankly that he had
planned to extort enough money from us on the ex-
piration of his sentence to live comfortably for the rest
of his life.

  “The ways things have turned out, the world will
know all about it before I am free, and my knowledge
would do me no good,” he concluded. “I might as well
spread the glad tidings now, while everybody is inter-
ested and get what fun I can out of it.”

  We waited in vain for him to tell the rest of the
plan—how we planned to disillusion the public and
turn back the awards, but he said nothing about it. He
had been too well coached for that, I know.

  Ran stared at the screen with tragic eyes. Noama
put her arm about him and wept, while Vomi strode
about the room white with rage, cursing fluently in his
native tongue. I could only grit my teeth in anger.

  Ran accepted his defeat stoically, and no amount of
urging on our part to fight back could change his mind.
Vomi, with the hotheaded impulse of youth, wanted to
seek out Hibbs and Hyman forthwith, and force the
truth about their part in the conspiracy against Ran
from them. I must confess that I was with him heart
and soul in that proposal and yearned for nothing bet-
ter than to choke either the truth or the life out of
Hyman with my bare hands. Ran would hear nothing
of it; he would not even make a statement for the pub-
lic.

  Later in the afternoon the New York television an-
nouncer informed us that the government, universities
and various scientific societies would probably file suit
to force Prof. Morteshang to return the medals and
awards. Nothing developed along that line, however,
for that night we mailed the medals and checks for the
FLIGHT TO VENUS

791

awards back to every society, college, city, organization
and individual that presented them, including Congress.

  Ran and I spent most of the night at this, while
Loama, Vomi and their slave governess packed suitcases
and trunks. In the early morning hours we disap-
peared, leaving only a vacant apartment to greet the
hordes of news men, camera men, television reporters,
attorneys and the rest that descended on it next morn-
ing, and gave the world another thrill by announcing
our mysterious disappearance.

THE story of Prof. Morteshang and his sensa-
tional trip to Venus ended there as far as the world
was concerned. He has never been seen in public
since, and I am here telling for the first time what
became of him and his three companions.

  We left the apartment secretly and shot up on the
elevator to the roof on the one hundred and fiftieth
floor, where we hired a large taxi-plane and flew south
to our recently purchased estate in the Ozark Moun-
tains. It is really quite a pretentious place, although
located in a sparsely inhabited country, with its pala-
tial house and spacious grounds all enclosed by a high
wall to insure secrecy. My mother and sister were
there at the time—they still are.

  In the meadow behind the stables stood a nearly
completed steel rocket, an enlarged duplicate of the
one which made the historic trip to Venus and return.
The new rocket was the one in which the Morteshang
scientific and diplomatic mission, Princess Loama,
Prince Vomi, and their slave governess were to have
journeyed to Venus. We had given out no information
about its construction.

  In the month that followed, while the world won-
dered what had become of us, the rocket was com-
pleted and filled with stores for a voyage. I watched
the preparations with a heavy heart, for I knew it meant
the final departure of my friends.

  “I couldn’t stay on earth any longer, Les,” Ran de-
clared. “I could never live down the opinion the pub-
lic has of me. On Venus I will be an honored scientist
and a personage high in court favor. Besides, I am
in duty bound to return Loama and Vomi to their
parents.”

  There was another reason, too. I had seen Ran
and Loama on the terrace in the moonlight with her
white arms about his neck and her lips against his.
He would, indeed, be high in the Green Court, I thought
a trifle wistfully.

  “Come with us, Les,” Ran pleaded, but I could only
shake my head. Heaven knows, I wanted to, for I
faced the same thing here on earth that he was escap-
ing from, but my mother needed my care. Loama
pleaded with me, too, her lack of words more than re-
placed by the eloquence of her eyes. Had things been
different, she—oh, well, I couldn’t have gone, anyway.

  The final day came. I accompanied the little party
up into the body of the rocket.

  ‘We have parachutes this trip, too,” observed Ran
with a smile, indicating four bundles at our feet. “Shall
we make them five instead of four?”

  I shook my head. Final good-byes were said, and
Loama gave me the surprise of my life by suddenly
throwing her arms about my neck and kissing me fare-
well. It was the only kiss she ever gave me. In mem-
ory I can still feel the moist warmth of her lips. . . .

  The elevator carried me down to the ground, where
my mother and sister and little group of mechanics
waited to demolish the elevator. We moved back a
safe distance. The door in the rocket above us closed.
My watch registered exactly noon. Ran wanted no
telescopes to follow him out into space on this trip.

  Flame suddenly roared down from the firing cham-
ber, tearing up the sod and igniting the wood of the
fallen elevator. The rocket shot upward, leaving a
long trail of fire. Straight up it rose, diminishing rap-
idly to a black speck and then to nothing. For a long
time I squinted up at the clear blue sky where it had
vanished.

  I sighed and glanced down at the ground. A flash
of yellow metal caught my eye. It was reflected from
a heavy brooch of virgin gold, lying in the grass, a
brooch showing a laughing face of a girl carved in pale
green ivory with tall, graceful trees like long-handled
feathered fans in the background. It lies before me
on my desk as I write this, like the invitation of the
goddesses of Venus to an earthbound adorer. Maybe I
shall know them better some day—who can say?

THE END

  TORIES about ants are no longer a novelty in fic-
tion. Scientifiction stories about ants have been writ-
ten before.

  But we unhesitatingly state that the present story, by
the well-known writer, is no doubt the greatest ant story
that has ever been conceived.

  The editor of this magazine, in a talk with Mr. Verrill,
who is not only an author of note, but a noted explorer as
well, asked him to do a special ant story for this maga-
zine. It is interesting to note, that practically the entire
story ivas written in the South American jungle, during
Mr. Verrill’s latest expedition.

 Readers will remember that Mr. Verrill discovered a
neiv race of bearded Indians near the Peruvian wilds in
South America. Outside of this, Mr. Verrill has for
many years been making a deep study of ants and their
habits, and the things that he tells us of them in this
story are not at all exaggerated. If you magnify the
usual ant, you will have exactly what Mr. Verrill gives
us in this notable document.

 Few people are interested enough to study a dry
scientific work of ant-life, but here we are given the
greatest scientifiction story of ants and the way they
live. It is not only a first-class piece of literature, but is
a gem from a purely scientific viewpoint also.

This story is published in the Fall edition of AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

Now on sale at all newsstands
a*. METAL MAN

 3yJac^ Williamson

fetal Man stands in a dark, dusty cor-
of the Tyburn College Museum,
who is responsible for the figure be-
loved there, or why it was done, I do
now. To the casual eye it looks to be
merely an ordinary life-size statue. The visitor who
gives it a closer view marvels at the minute perfection
of the detail of hair and skin; at the silent tragedy
in the set, determined expression and poise; and at
the remarkable greenish cast of the metal of which it
is composed, but, most of all, at the peculiar mark
upon the chest. It is a six-sided blot, of a deep crim-
son hue, with the surface oddly granular and strange
wavering lines radiating from it—lines of a lighter
shade of red.

  Of course it is generally known that the Metal Man
was once Professor Thomas Kelvin of the Geology
Department. There are current many garbled and in-
accurate accounts of the weird disaster that befell him.
I believe I am the only one to whom he entrusted his
story. It is to put these fantastic tales at rest that I have
decided to publish the narrative that Kelvin sent me.

  For some years he had been spending his summer
vacations along the Pacific coast of Mexico, prospect-
ing for radium. It was three months since he had re-
turned from his last expedition. Evidently he had been
successful beyond his wildest dreams. He did not
come to Tyburn, but we heard stories of his selling
millions of dollars worth of salts of radium, and giving
as much more to institutions employing radium treat-
ment. And it was said that
he was sick of a strange dis-
order that defied the world’s
best specialists, and that he
was pouring out his millions
in the establishment of
scholarships and endow-
ments as if he expected to
die soon.

  One cold, stormy day,
when the sea was running
high on the unprotected
coast which the cottage overlooks, I saw a sail out to
the north. It rapidly drew nearer until I could tell
that it was a small sailing schooner with auxiliary
power. She was running with the wind, but a half mile
offshore she came up into it and the sails were lowered.
Soon a boat had put off in the direction of the shore.
The sea was not so rough as to make the landing haz-
ardous, but the proceeding was rather unusual, and, as
I had nothing better to do, I went out in the yard before
my modest house, which stands perhaps two hundred
yards above the beach, in order to have a better view.

  When the boat touched, four men sprang out and
rushed it up higher on the sand. As a fifth tall man
arose in the stern, the four picked up a great chest and
started up in my direction. The fifth person followed
leisurely. Silently, and without invitation, the men
brought the chest up the beach, and into my yard, and
set it down in front of the door.

  The fifth man, whom I now knew to be a hard-faced
Yankee skipper, walked up to me and said gruffly,
“I am Captain McAndrews.”

  “I’m glad to meet you, Captain,” I said, wondering.
“There must be some mistake. I was not expect-
ing—”

  “Not at all,” he said abruptly. “The man in that
chest was .transferred to my ship from the liner PIu-
tonia three days ago. He has paid me for my services,
and I believe his instructions have been carried out.
Good day, sir.”

  He turned on his heel and started away.

  “A man in the chest 1” I exclaimed.

  He walked on unheeding, and the seamen followed,
I stood and watched them as they walked down to the
boat, and rowed back to the schooner. I gazed at its
sails until they were lost against the dull blue of the
clouds. Frankly, I feared to open the chest.

  At last I nerved myself to do it. It was unlocked.
I threw back the lid. With a shock of uncontrollable
horror that left me half sick for hours, I saw in it,
stark naked, with the strange crimson mark standing
lividly out from the pale green of the breast, the Metal

Man, just as you may see
him in the Museum.

  Of course, I knew at once
that it was Kelvin. For a
long time I bent, trembling
and staring at him. Then I
saw an old canteen, purple-
stained, lying by the head
of the figure, and under it,
a sheaf of manuscript. I
got the latter out, walked
with shaken steps to the
easy chair in the house, and read the story that follows:

“F'VEAR Russell,

 IJ “You are my best—my only—intimate
friend. I have arranged to have my body and this
story brought to you. I just drank the last of the
wonderful purple liquid that has kept me alive since I
came back, and I have scant time to finish this neces-
sarily brief account of my adventure. But my affairs
are in order and I die in peace. I had myself trans-
ferred to the schooner to-day, in order to reach you

  ]\fOT since we published "The Moon Pool” has such a
  ' story as this been published by us.

  "The Metal Man” contains an abundant matter of mystery,
  adventure, and for a short story, a surprising amount of
  true science.

  Unless we are very much mistaken, this story will be hailed
  with delight by every scientifiction fan. We hope Mr. Wil-
  liamson can be induced to write a number of stories in a
  similar vein.

792
Tt,„ flre was	as a balloon, bright and steady. It looked much like a great jet of combustible gas, burning as it streamed from the

cylinder Y* . a whole forest of flames'. .. I stood petrified in amazement, wondering vaguely at the what and why of the thing.

793
794

AMAZING STORIES

as soon as could be and to avoid possible complica-
tions. I trust Captain McAndrews. When I left
France, I hoped to see you before the end. But Fate
ruled otherwise.

  “You know that the goal of my expedition was the
headwaters of El Rio de la Sangre, ‘The River of
Blood.’ It is a small stream whose strangely red waters
flow into the Pacific. On my trip last year I had discov-
ered that its waters were powerfully radioactive. Water
has the power of absorbing radium emanations and
emitting them in turn, and I hoped to find radium-bear-
ing minerals in the bed of the upper river. Twenty-five
miles above the mouth the river emerges from the
Cordilleras. There are a few miles of rapids and back
of them the river plunges down a magnificent water-
fall. No exploring party had ever been back of the
falls. I had hired an Indian guide and made a mule-
back journey to their foot. At once I saw the futility
of attempting to climb the precipitous escarpment.
But the water there was even more powerfully radio-
active than at the mouth. There was nothing to do
but return.

  “This summer I bought a small monoplane. Though
it was comparatively slow in speed and able to spend
only six hours aloft, its light weight and the small
area needed for landing, made it the only machine
suitable for use in so rough a country. The steamer
left me again on the dock at the little town of Vaca
Morena, with my stack of crates and gasoline tins.
After a visit to the Alcade I secured the use of an
abandoned shed for a hangar. I set about assembling
the plane and in a fortnight I had completed the task.
It was a beautiful little machine, with a wing spread
of only twenty-five feet.

  “Then, one morning, I started the engine and made
a trial flight. It flew smoothly and in the afternoon I
refilled the tanks and set off for the Rio de la Sangre.
The stream looked like a red snake crawling out to the
sea—there was something serpentine in its aspect. Fly-
ing high, I followed it, above the falls and into a region
of towering mountain peaks. The river disappeared
beneath a mountain. For a moment I thought of land-
ing, and then it occurred to me that it flowed subter-
raneously for only a few miles, and would reappear
farther inland,

  “I soared over the cliffs and came over the crater.

  “A great pool of green fire it was, fully ten miles
across to the black ramparts at the farther side. The
surface of the green was so smooth that at first I
thought it was a lake, and then I knew that it must be
a pool of heavy gas. In the glory of the evening sun
the snow-capped summits about were brilliant argent
crowns, dyed with crimson, tinged with purple and
gold, tinted with strange and incredibly beautiful hues.
Amid this wild scenery, nature had placed her greatest
treasure. I knew that in the crater I would find the
radium I sought.

«T CIRCLED about the place, rapt in wonder. As

  X the sun sank lower, a light silver mist gathered
on the peaks, half veiling their wonders, and flowed
toward the crater. It seemed drawn with a strange

attraction. And then the center of the green lake rose
up in a shining peak. It flowed up into a great hill of
emerald fire. Something was rising in the green—
carrying it up! Then the vapor flowed back, revealing
a strange object, still veiled faintly by the green and
silver clouds. It was a gigantic sphere of deep red,
marked with four huge oval spots of dull back. Its
surface was smooth, metallic, and thickly studded with
great spikes that seemed of yellow fire. It was a ma-
chine, inconceivably great in size. It spun slowly as it
rose, on a vertical axis, moving with a deliberate, pur-
poseful motion.

  “It came up to my own level, paused and seemed to
spin faster. And the silver mist was drawn to the yel-
low points, condensing, curdling, until the whole globe
was a ball of lambent argent. For a moment it hung,
unbelievably glorious in the light of the setting sun,
and then it sank—ever faster—until it dropped like a
plummet into the sea of green.

   “And with its fall a sinister darkness descended upon
the desolate wilderness of the peaks, and I was seized
by a fear that had been deadened by amazement, and
realized that I had scant time to reach Vaca Morena
before complete darkness fell. Immediately I put the
plane about in the direction of the tpwn. According
to my recollections, I had, at the time, no very definite
idea of what it was I had seen, or whether the weird
exhibition had been caused by human or natural agen-
cies. I remember thinking that in such enormous quan-
tities as undoubtedly the crater contained it, radium
might possess qualities unnoticed in small amounts, or,
again, that there might be present radioactive minerals
at present unknown. It occurred to me also that per-
haps some other scientists had already discovered the
deposits and that what I had witnessed had been the
trial of an airship in which radium was utilized as a
propellent. I was considerably shaken, but not much
alarmed. What happened later would have seemed
incredible to me then.

  “And then I noticed that a pale bluish luminosity
was gathering about the cowl of the cockpit, and in a
moment I saw that the whole machine, and even my
own person, was covered with it. It was somewhat like
St, Elmo’s Fire, except that it covered all surfaces in-
discriminately, instead of being restricted to sharp
points. All at once I connected the phenomenon with
the thing I had seen. I felt no physical discomfort,
and the motor continued to run, but as the blue radi-
ance continued to increase, I observed that my body
felt heavier, and that the machine was being drawn
downward! My mind was flooded with wonder and
terror. I fought to retain sufficient self-possession to
fly the ship. My arms were soon so heavy that I could
hold them upon the controls only with difficulty, and
I felt a slight dizziness, due, no doubt, to the blood’s
being drawn from my head. When I recovered, I was
already almost upon the green. Somehow, my gravi-
tation had been increased and I was being drawn into
the pit! It was possible to keep the plane under con-
trol only by diving and keeping at a high speed.

  “I plunged into the green pool. The gas was not
suffocating, as I had anticipated. In fact, I noticed no
THE METAL MAN

795

change in the atmosphere, save that my vision was
limited to a few yards around. The wings of the plane
were still distinctly discernible. Suddenly a smooth,
sandy plain was murkily revealed below, and I was able
to level the ship off enough for a safe landing. As
I came to a stop I saw that the sand was slightly lu-
minous, as the green mist seemed to be, and red. For
a time I was confined to the ship by my own weight,
but I noticed that the blue was slowly dissipating, and
with it, its effect.

  “As soon as I was able, I clambered over the side
of the cockpit, carrying my canteen and automatic,
which were themselves immensely heavy. I was un-
able to stand erect, but I crawled off over the coarse,
shining, red sand, stopping at frequent intervals to lie
flat and rest. I was in deathly fear of the force that
had brought me down. I was sure it had been directed
by intelligence. The floor was so smooth and level that
I supposed it to be the bottom of an ancient lake.

  “Sometimes I looked fearfully back, and when I
was a hundred yards away I saw a score of lights float-
ing through the green toward the airplane. In the
luminous murk each bright point was surrounded by a
disc of paler blue. I made no movement, but lay and
watched them. They floated to the plane and wheeled
about it with a slow, heavy motion. Closer and lower
they came until they reached the ground about it. The
mist was so thick as to obscure the details of the scene.

  “When I went to resume my flight, I found my ex-
cess of gravity almost entirely gone, though I went on
hands and knees for another hundred yards to escape
possible observation. When I got to my feet, the plane
was lost to view. I walked on for perhaps a quarter of
a mile and suddenly realized that my sense of direction
was altogether gone. I was completely lost in a strange
world, inhabited by beings whose nature and disposition
I could not even guess! And then I realized that it
was the height of folly to walk about when any step
might precipitate me into a danger of which I could
know nothing. I had a peculiarly unpleasant feeling
of helpless fear.

  “The luminous red sand and the shining green of the
air lay about in all directions, unbroken by a single solid
object. There was no life, no sound, no motion. The
air hung heavy and stagnant. The flat sand was like
the surface of a dead and desolate sea. I felt the panic
of utter isolation from humanity. The mist seemed
to come closer; the strange evil in it seemed to grow
more alert.

UDDENLY a darting light passed meteor-like
through the green above and in my alarm I ran
a few blundering steps. My foot struck a light
object that rang like metal. The sharpness of the con-
cussion filled me with fear, but in an instant the light
was gone. I bent down to see what I had kicked.

  “It was a metal bird—an eagle formed of metal—
with the wings outspread, the talons gripping, the fierce
beak set open. The color was white, tinged with green.
It weighed no more than the living bird. At first I
thought it was a cast model, and then I saw that each
feather was complete and flexible. Somehow, a real

eagle had been turned to metal! It seemed incredible,
yet here was the concrete proof. I wondered if the
radium deposits, which I had already used to explain
so much, might account for this too. I knew that
science held transmutation of elements to be possible—
had even accomplished it in a limited way, and that
radium itself was the product of the disintegration of
ionium; and ionium that of uranium.

  “I was struck with fright for my own safety. Might
I be changed to metal? I looked to see if there were
other metal things about. And I found them in abun-
dance. Half-buried in the glowing sands were metal
birds of every kind—birds that had flown over the sur-
rounding cliffs. And, at the climax of my search, I
found a pterosant—a flying reptile that had invaded
the pit in ages past—changed to ageless metal. Its
wingspread was fully fifteen feet—it would be a treas-
ure in any museum.

  “I made a fearful examination of myself, and to
my unutterable horror, I perceived that the tips of my
finger nails, and the fine hairs upon my hands, were
already changed to light green metal! The shock un-
nerved me completely. You cannot conceive my horror.
I screamed aloud in agony of soul, careless of the ter-
rible foes that the sound might attract. I ran off
wildly. I was -blind, unreasoning. I felt no fatigue
as I ran, only stark terror.

  “Bright, swift-moving lights passed above in the
green, but I heeded them not. Suddenly I came upon
the great sphere that I had seen above. It rested mo-
tionless in a cradle of black metal. The yellow fire
was gone from the spikes, but the red surface shone
with a metallic luster. Lights floated about it. They
made little bright spots in the green, like lanterns swing-
ing in a fog. I turned and ran again, desperately. I
took no note of direction, nor of the passage of time.

  “Then I came upon a bank, of violet vegetation.
Waist-deep it was, grass-like, with thick narrow leaves,
dotted with clusters of small pink blooms, and little
purple berries. And a score of yards beyond I saw a
sluggish red stream—El Rio de la Sangre. Here was
cover at last. I threw myself down in the violet growth
and lay sobbing with fatigue and terror. For a long
time I was unable to stir or think. When I looked
again at my finger nails, the tips of metal had doubled
in width.

  “I tried to control my agitation, and to think. Pos-
sibly the lights, whatever they were, would sleep by
day. If I could find the plane, or scale the walls, I
might escape the fearful action of the radioactive min-
erals before it was too late. I realized that I was
hungry. I plucked off a few of the purple berries and
tasted them. They had a salty, metallic taste, and I
thought they would be valueless for food. But in
pulling them I had inadvertently squeezed the juice
from one upon my fingers, and when I wiped it off I
saw, to my amazement and my inexpressible joy, that
the rim of metal was gone from the finger nails it had
touched. I had discovered a means of safety! I sup-
pose that the plants were able to exist there only be-
cause they had been so developed that they produced
compounds counteracting the metal-forming emana-
796

AMAZING STORIES

tions. Probably their evolution began when the action
was far weaker than now, and only those able to with-
stand the more intense radiations had survived. I lost
no time in eating a cluster of the berries, and then I
poured the water from my canteen and filled it with
their juice. I have analysed the fluid and it corresponds
in some ways with the standard formulas for the neu-
tralization of radium burns and doubtless it saved me
from the terrible burns caused by the action of ordinary
radium.

“T LAY there until dawn, dozing a little at times,
A only to start into wakefulness without cause. It
seemed that some daylight filtered through the green,
for at dawn it grew paler, and even the red sand ap-
peared less luminous. After eating a few more of the
berries, I ascertained the direction in which the stag-
nant red water was moving, and set off down-stream,
toward the west. In order to get an idea of where I
was going, I counted my paces. I had walked about
two and a half miles, along by the violet plants, when
I came to an abrupt cliff. It towered up until it was
lost in the green gloom. It seemed to be mostly of
black pitchblende. The barrier seemed absolutely un-
scalable. The red river plunged out of sight by the
cliff in a racing whirlpool.

  “I walked off north around the rim. I had no very
definite plan, except to try to find a way out over the
cliffs. If I failed in that, it would be time to hunt the
plane. I had a mortal fear of going near it, or of
encountering the strange lights I had seen floating
about it. As I went I saw none of them. I suppose
they slept when it was day.

  “I went on until it must have been noon, though my
watch had stopped. Occasionally I passed metal trees
that had fallen from above, and once, the metallic body
of a bear that had slipped off a path above, some time
in past ages. And there were metal birds without num-
ber. They must have been accumulating through geo-
logical ages. All along up to this, the cliff had risen
perpendicularly to the limit of my vision, but now I
saw a wide ledge, with a sloping wall beyond it, dimly
visible above. But the sheer wall rose a full hundred
feet to the shelf, and I cursed at my inability to sur-
mount it. For a time I stood there, devising imprac-
tical means for climbing it, driven almost to tears by
my impotence. I was ravenously hungry, and thirsty
as well.

  “At last I went on.

  “In an hour I came upon it. A slender cylinder of
black metal, that towered a hundred feet into the
greenish mist, and carried at the top, a great mush-
room-shaped orange flame. It was a strange thing.
The fire was as big as a balloon, bright and steady. It
looked much like a great jet of combustible gas, burning
as it streamed from the cylinder. I stood petrified in
amazement, wondering vaguely at the what and why
of the thing.

  “And then I saw more of them back of it, dimly—
scores of them—a whole forest of flames.

  “I crouched back against the cliff, while I considered.
Here I supposed, was the city of the lights. They were

sleeping now, but still I had not the courage to enter.
According to my calculations I had gone about fifteen
miles. Then I must be, I thought, almost diametrically
opposite the place where the crimson river flowed under
the wall, with half of the rim unexplored. If I wished
to continue my journey, I must go around the city, if
I may call it that.

  “So I left the wall. Soon it was lost to view. I tried
to keep in view of the orange flames, but abruptly they
were gone in the mist. I walked more to the left, but
I came upon nothing but the wastes of red sand, with
the green murk above. On and on I wandered. Then
the sand and the air grew slowly brighter and I knew
that night had fallen. The lights were soon passing to
and fro. I had seen lights the night before, but they
traveled high and fast. These, on the other hand,
sailed low, and I felt that they were searching .

  “I knew that they were hunting for me. I lay down
in a little hollow in the sand. Vague, mist-veiled points
of light came near and passed. And then one stopped
directly overhead. It descended and the circle of radi-
ance grew about it. I knew that it was useless to run,
and I could not have done so, for my terror. Down
and down it came.

“ A ND then I saw its form. The thing was of a glit-

  il tering, blazing crystal. A great-six-sided, up-
right prism of red, a dozen feet in length, it was, with
a six-pointed structure like a snowflake about the cen-
ter, deep blue, with pointed blue flanges running from
the points of the star to angles of the prism! Soft
scarlet fire flowed from the points. And on each face
of the prism, above and below the star, was a purple
cone that must have been an eye. Strange pulsating
lights flickered in the crystal. It was alive with light.

  “It fell straight toward me!

  “It was a terribly, utterly alien form of life. It
was not human, not animal—not even life as we know
it at all. And yet it had intelligence. But it was strange
and foreign and devoid of feeling. It is curious to say
that even then, as I lay beneath it, the thought came to
me, that the thing and its fellows must have crystallized
when the waters of the ancient sea dried out of the
crater. Crystallizing salts take intricate forms.

  “I drew my automatic and fired three times, but the
bullets ricocheted harmlessly off the polished facets.

  “It dropped until the gleaming lower point of the
prism was not a yard above me. Then the scarlet fire
reached out caressingly—flowed over my body. My
weight grew less. I was lifted, held against the point.
You may see its mark upon my chest. The thing
floated into the air, carrying me. Soon others were
drifting about. I was overcome with nausea. The
scene grew black and I knew no more.

  “I awoke floating free in a brilliant orange light. I
touched no solid object. I writhed, kicked about—at
nothingness. I could not move or turn over, because I
could get a hold on nothing. My memory of the last
two days seemed a nightmare. My clothing was still
upon me. My canteen still hung, or rather floated, by
my shoulder. And my automatic was in my pocket. I
had the sensation that a great space of time had passed.
THE METAL MAN

797

There was a curious stiffness in my side. I examined
it and found a red scar. I believe those crystal things
had cut into me. And I found, with a horror you
cannot understand, the mark upon my chest. Presently
it dawned upon me that I was floating, devoid of grav-
ity and free as an object in space, in the orange flame at
the top of one of the black cylinders. The crystals
knew the secret of gravity. It was vital to them. And
peering about, I discerned, with infinite repulsion, a
great flashing body, a few yards away. But its inner
lights were dead, so I knew that it was day, and that the
strange beings were sleeping.

“TF I was ever to escape, this was the opportunity. I

  A kicked, clawed desperately at the air, all in vain. I
did not move an inch. If they had chained me, I could
not have been more secure. I drew my automatic, re-
solved on a desperate measure. They would not find me
again, alive. And as I had it in my hand, an idea came
into my mind. I pointed the gun to the side, and fired
six rapid shots. And the recoil of each explosion sent
me drifting faster, rocket-wise, toward the edge.

  “I shot out into the green. Had my gravity been
suddenly restored, I might have been killed by the
fall, but I descended slowly, and felt a curious light-
ness for several minutes. And to my surprise, when
I struck the ground, the airplane was right before me!
They had drawn it up by the base of the tower. It
seemed to be intact. I started the engine with nervous

haste, and sprang into the cockpit. As I started, an-
other black tower loomed up abruptly before me, but I
veered around it, and' took off in safety.

  “In a few moments I was above the green. I half
expected the gravitational wave to be turned on me
again, but higher and higher I rose unhindered until
the accursed black walls were about me no longer.
The sun blazed high in the heavens. Soon I had landed
again at Vaca Morena.

  “I had had enough of radium hunting. On the
beach, where I landed, I sold the plane to a rancher at
his own price, and told him to reserve a place for me
on the next steamer, which was due in three days.
Then I went to the town’s single inn, ate, and went to
bed. At noon the next day, when I got up, I found that
my shoes and the pockets of my clothes contained a good
bit of the red sand from the crater that had been col-
lected as I crawled about in flight from the crystal
lights. I saved some of it for curiosity alone, but when
I analysed it I found it a radium compound so rich that
the little handful was worth millions of dollars.

  “But the fortune was of little value, for, despite fre-
quent doses of the fluid from my canteen, and the best
medical aid, I have suffered continually, and now that
my canteen is empty, I am doomed.

                    Your friend, Thomas Kelvin”
Thus the manuscript ends. If the reader doubts the
truth of the letter, he may see the Metal Man in the
Tyburn Museum.

The End

What Do You Know?

READERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual knowledge
to be gained through reading its pages than from many a textbook. Moreover, most of the stories are
written in a popular vein, making it possible for any one to grasp important facts.

    The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions. Please
see if you can answer the questions without looking for the answer, and see how well you check up on your general
knowledge.

 1.	What does time do and has it an entity of its own?
 (See page 840.)

 2.	Has space any attributes of its own? (See page
 841.)

 3.	As far as it is concerned with space, is the fourth
 dimension possible? (See page,841.)

 4.	What are the diameter of Mars and the density of
 the planet Venus? (See page 842.)

 5.	What are the highest and lowest temperatures ever
 observed on the earth? (See page 842.)

 6.	Was the peterodactyl a bird? (See page 830.)

 7.	What is a Parka? (See page 786.)

8.	What internal trouble can change the color of the
   epidermis of a human being? (See page 789.)

9.	What general motion of progression affects the en-
   tire Solar System? (See page 850.)

10.	What are gyroscopes used for in shipping? (See
   page 836.)

11.	What is the philological basis for the names of the
    inhabitants of the planets (if there are any inhabi-
    tants) ? (See page 856.)

12.	How much of the oxygen of the air does a human
   being consume in breathing? (See page 861.)

Back Numbers Wanted

   The publishers need a quantity of back numbers of AMAZING STORIES for 1926
and 1927.

    If you have copies of these issues, and are willing to part with them, please be good
enough to communicate with us. It will be appreciated.

                                        THE PUBLISHERS.
a^WORJLD BAY

  By B. and Geo. C. Wallis

                   What Went Before:

  TT’T T'HEN the first news began to dribble in from South
1/1/ America about curious beings, short and broad, with
r r pasty faces, who manned strange airplanes that
could rise and fall vertically and were equipped with some sort
of gun ivhich discharged a shell capable of emitting a cloud
of poisonous gas, the head of the New York Scoop sent two
of his best reporters, Max Harding and Dick Martin, to the
scene of the invasion.

  When they arrive at Rio—alone, because their boat turns
back, frightened—they find that the strange invaders had pre-
ceded them there and left their mark.

, There is nothing they could do in Rio, so they decide to
get a steamer for somewhere else. When they arrive at the
wharf on the Parahyba River, they find that the steamer, full
to overflowing, is further deterred from departing on account
of the frantic mob at the wharf. Harding and Martin, pushing
through the crowd, find Miss Rita Courtney, a fellow reporter,
also on the job. They all manage to board the steamer just
before she pulls out, but, overloaded with her human cargo,
she soon runs into a mndbank and wedges herself fast there.

  Just above them, they see the invading plane, trailing a kind
of coarse meshed drag-net. In this net, the enemy bags the
panic stricken crowds, like fish, and brings them up to the
cage which hangs loosely beneath their aerial vessel. The three
neivspaper people are among the last batch. The plane con-
tinues southward and then descends deep into the crust of the
earth into a subterranean land—the land of the Troglodytes.

  There they find many white people of the upper world, among
them John Rixon, old-time friend of Rita Courtney, who has
assumed leadership among the upper world people enslaved
there. They learn that the Trogs are capturing more and more
people for the purpose of working their radium mines, for
which they require exhaustless numbers on account of the short
duration of life caused by mining radium.

  After a short time, due to Rita’s inspiration, they learn a
little of the Troggese language, and because they seem some-
what superior to the rest of the captives, they are not sent
to the mines. Chemically, these Trogs were in advance of
the upper world.

  After a short imprisonment for Dick and Max Harding,
during which time Rita and John Rixon are busy making a
parachute, plans are made for the getaivay of at least three
of the group—Harding, because he thinks that he had about
completed a short-length wave, which will cause nerve paralysis
—Rita and Dick Martin. John Rixon stays behind for the
sake of the prisoners.

  Their opportunity for escape comes very shortly. Taking
their hand-made parachute with them, the three friends hide
as stowaways in a plane that is going up for more victims.
After they shoot tip through the crater, one of the Trogs,
searching for something, catches Dick moving the parachute
.toward more safety and sends him back to the hole for further
imprisonment—the parachute with him. But Rita, in her usual
resourceful manner, with the help of Harding, makes another
’chute from as much of her clothing and Harding’s as they could
spare. They get their chance to escape while they are sailing
over Sydney. Their conveyance is barely able to withstand the
strain of the two bodies, but they land safely on the roof of
a big department store. They replenish their wardrobe from
what is left of the stock in the looted store, for the Trogs have
been at work in Sydney, too.

  In this nezv city of the dead, they meet Mr. Jonas T. Hopkins,
who helps them on their way to America, and a laboratory, in
which Harding has the means for saving the world against
this terrible enemy. Their plane breaks down near the canal
and they start off toward Alexandria and Port Said, where they
hope to get a steamer for New York.

Part II

The Battle of Gibraltar

| HE screw stopped, the steamer came to a
standstill.

  “I daren’t go any nearer,” said the cap-
tain. “My God! I’ve heard about these
brutes, but I only half believed in them.
Came out of the inside of
the earth, did they? When
I was a nipper, they taught
me that Hell was down
there!”

  “To have come so far
and to be stuck here—it’s
maddening!” cried Rita.

“To have risked so many
forlorn hopes, had such
wonderful good fortune.

And now! It’s cruel,
cruel!”

 /F the preceding chapters of "The World at Bay” com-
 manded your attention, the final chapters will prove to be
 even more absorbing and more exciting.

    The Troglodytes are fighting the whole world, and the
 world indeed is at bay. Who will win and how it will all
 happen are questions that hold the world’s attention. And
 after even the Troglodytes or the human race win a decisive
 victory, what then? It is evident that neither of the two
 races can be vanquished completely.

    You will follow the adventures of our heroes with bated
 breath and you will remember the story long for one of the
 best of this kind ever published.

   “Don’t think we shall be held up long, Miss Court-
ney,” said Hopkins. “Wind rising—east wind too,
which is generally pretty dangerous hereabouts. There
she goes, y’see!”

   As the gale swept over us, bringing clouds of fine
sand with it, we had to get below and swelter under
cover till the worst was past; but when we ventured

_ out again, we saw that

the sudden gale had blown
away the poison-gas.

  I need not harrow your
feelings by a description of
what we found when we
entered the zone of silent
death. It was Rio over
again.

   We got through, reached
Alexandria, found some
shipping that had escaped
the gas, and immediately

798
The fate of the whole civilized world hung in the balance. A few moments would decide. Either my etheric discharges would dis-
integrate the molecules of that poisonous vapor into harmless atoms, or the cloud would roll on and on, would envelope us . . . ar.d
make the people of the underworld Lords of the upper air as well.

799
800

AMAZING STORIES

took fast passage for home on the destroyer Wildfire.

  Her commander endeavoured to get us an airplane,
but his radio appeal did not reach any immediately
available pilots. Most vessels were actually flying at
the moment. The aerodrome and hangars at Port
Said lay silent, as did the wireless station. The poison-
gas had put them out of action.

  We were too restless, too anxious, to wait. The
Wildfire would have to serve.

  As the destroyer forged her way through the
Mediterranean at top speed, we learned much more
of the doings of the Troglodytes, and the panics that
everywhere followed their appearance. It was dismal
news, but the captain of H.M.S. Wildfire did not
seem at all downhearted.

  “It is only a question of time,” he declared. “The
beggars haven’t come up against our latest equipment
yet. Wait till they try and cross over near Gib., as
they seem likely to do. They’ve tried to find a camping-
place in the Pyrenees—wiped out a mountain village
or two—and are expected to move across from the
Atlas in force. We are going to let them come, but
we shall give them a warm reception en route. I only
hope we get there in time to see the fireworks.”

  We hadn’t the heart to voice our doubt, but we
remembered—at least, I did—the confident Brazilian
gunners, who lay dead on the hill slopes back of Rio
de Janeiro.

  And that brings me to mention one item of news
that had most important results later. I learned that
Dick and I were supposed to be dead. Our one and
only message to the Scoop had been duly received;
a further message from Rio, sent after the catastrophe
by an eye-witness of the battle, stated that we were
among the victims.

  It was also very interesting to have this statement
tapped out:

  “It appears that one of the hostile air-vessels from
the underworld (to accept Mr. Harding’s story) has
reached India. A message from native sources states
that near the village of Roo-poona, Peshawar, a great
monster fell to earth in the early morning, and gave out
a thick vapour that killed every living thing in the
valley. When people ventured to the spot later in the
day they found fragments of a strange metallic ma-
chine, and the mangled remains of some hideous devils
in the ruins of the village temple. This must be the
runaway vessel from which Mr. Harding and Miss
Courtney made their daring parachute descent into
Sydney.”

  “I guess you two will be the Big Noise when you
hit home,” was Mr. Hopkins’ remark. “Folks won’t
take much convincing that you’ve handed out gospel
truth. And if and when you deliver the goods in the
shape of licking the Trogs—all I can say is, don’t
forget me!”

  “If we get home. We are not there yet,” said I.
“Look yonder.”

  We had just reached Gibraltar, and had steamed
under the shelter of the frowning batteries of the
Rock. A long line of Troglodyte airplanes was swoop-
ing towards us from the African coast. And from the

Summit of the Rock, and from the Spanish mainland
came Europe’s aerial navy to do battle with the foe.

  “Just in time, after all!” cried our captain. “I was
afraid we should be too late. Now I can lend a hand.”
“I’m sorry to disappoint you, Captain,” said I. “But
for the time being you are at our service. I think
that is the purport of your order from the Admiralty
yesterday? Well, that being so, you will stay here at
your own peril. If you fire one gun, or one is fired
from the Rock, they will just smother us all in a sea-
of poison. Let us get into the Atlantic and steam for
home. We shall see a lot of the fight through our
glasses. I’m sorry, but I must reach America. How-
ever this battle goes, the world will be at their mercy,
unless I can perfect my method of fighting the Trogs
with their own weapons.”

  After a little hesitation, the captain bowed to the
inevitable, greatly against his own wishes, and to the
utter disgust of all the officers and men. The Wildfire
stood out into the western ocean, her nose to the north.

  Every man who could be spared from actual duty
was on deck. It was a clear, calm day, and we had
a splendid view of the first great battle in the air.
There were at least three times as many Europeans
as Troglodytes, but against such strange foes as these
our airmen had to learn the rudiments of battle on
the spot.

  The Trogs appeared to hesitate at first, never having
met such a display of resistance before, stopped, and
for a time hovered motionless, consulting.

  The Europeans rushed to the attack. We were -
near enough to see the bright flashes from the machine
guns, to hear the rattle of their discharges. Then
came a greater flash, and the heavy booming roar
of the great 100-ton gun on the Rock itself.

  “The all-fired fools!” shouted Hopkins, stamping
up and down in sheer helpless rage. “They are just
asking the Trogs to annihilate the lot. They might
have let the Rock alone if the fools had kept quiet.”
Close on his heated words came the second report
of the gun, and the leading Trog vessel vanished in
a burst of flame. But before the crew of the Wildfire
had stopped cheering came the, to us familiar, “pop”
of the Troglodyte guns, and immediately afterwards
a cloud of smoky haze was seen to unfold upon and
around the famous fortress.

  One burst of shell-fire came from its batteries—and
only one. Then the sinking cloud of gas hid it from
view, penetrated the many galleries, and smote it into
silence. The Rock had become a mausoleum.

  “And the sooner we get away from here, the better
I’ll be pleased,” said our friend, grinding his teeth.
“The neighbourhood isn’t healthy.”

  The issue of the battle was all too evident. The
Trog vessels, driven by their powerful radium engines,
and able to rise and fall at will, were quickly masters
of the situation. Their speed and activity baffled our
gunfire, and their fatal poison bombs shot forth in
prodigal profusion, enwrapped the Rock, the harbour
town, the shipping, and many of our slower air-craft
in a billowy cloud of death.

  After vainly endeavouring to rise above the soaring
THE WORLD AT BAY

801

Trogs, to hit them on the move, or even to ram them,
the European vessels were either driven off or lost
in the gas cloud. Their very method of attack, by
mass formation, was their chief undoing. In mass
formation they were caught in the cloud and, with
their crews dead or dying, only escaped from it to
crash aimlessly to earth or sea.

  “Is the Wildfire doing her best captain?” asked Rita.
“Can’t you get a bit more speed out of her? We must
get home. The Trogs have beaten us, and the way
to Europe is open to them. A few hours’ flight may
see them over London itself!”

A Disastrous Home-Coming

«TT TE are doing our very best, Miss Courtney,”
\\/ was the captain’s reply. “We are going all
» » out. I only hope some of those fiends won’t
be attracted by our smoke. Rotten smudgy stuff we
picked up at Port Said. But they are sending us all
the help they can—submarines, cruisers and hydroplane
carriers will be on the lookout for us.”

  “I hope they get to us in time,” growled Hopkins,
glass to eye. “Some of the galoots are hiking it back
to Africa, and one seems to be coming our way. I
guess they used up a fair dose of their poison—must
have liberated some cubic furlongs of the stuff—and
are going back for more. Yes, this chap is after us.”
“If they would only drop a little lower, we could
soon settle the matter,” said the captain. “I’m going
to fight to the last. The men are ready at the guns,
and one good shell will be enough. If it comes to
the worst, the steam pinnace is alongside, and you
must try to save yourselves.”

  “We had better get aboard then,” said Rita decisively,
when the captain left us. “We might, in the small
boat, be overlooked. They will have no idea of our
importance, fortunately.”

  The Trog vessel was gaining fast upon the ship as
we climbed down the ladder and set our little craft
going. But as the enemy plane gained she rose steadily.
They had evidently learned that warships were really
dangerous foes.

  Why this particular vessel should have followed us,
except out of a sheer lust for slaughter, we shall, of
course, never know.

  We had put nearly half a mile between ourselves and
the destroyer when the duel began. A veritable tor-
rent of metal from the Wildfire roared and screamed
into the sky, but fell short of the upward-leaping Trog
—or so we thought. Then came the first Trog bomb.

  The gas-cloud quickly curled round the ship, but
she drove clear of it. As she emerged, another bomb
fell, and as she moved out of the second cloud, she met
a third. And now, though she still moved, her guns
were silent. The insidious poison had penetrated all
her ports, had entered all her ventilating ways. A ship
of the dead, she still moved on, trailing the clinging
cloud in her wake.

  And then, to our intense surprise, the Trog vessel
began to fall. Slowly at first, then with increasing
speed, and under the impulse of her horizontal screws
and the rising gale, in a slanting, downward swoop.

  “She's falling! She was hit after all!” cried I.
“Glory be!”

  “But she’s heading this way, and looks like dropping
plumb on us if we aren’t quick!” shouted Hopkins.
“Crowd her along, Sonny!”

  The naval engineer crowded her along. It was a
race between our boat and the falling Troglodyte ves-
sel. Out of all that wide expanse of water the force
of gravity must bring them down upon us!

  We cleared ourselves from the impact of the hurtling
airplane by about a couple of fathoms. As she struck
the water, we had a swift glimpse of her frantic, gro-
tesque crew. They were grunting and screaming in
fright, climbing to the highest parts of the upper deck.

  The impact broke the vessel to pieces, nearly all of
which, with their living freight, sank at once. But one
large section of the rear wing remained afloat, and
upon this sprawled a Troglodyte. The floating wing
drifted towards us, touched the pinnace.

  What happened, happened so quickly that it will
probably take me a longer time to write of it than
the event itself needed for its occurrence.

  The pasty-faced creature, his dark goggles lost, was
peering at us through nearly closed eyes. In his trem-
bling hands he clutched a flame pistol, trying to level
it upon our boat.

  Hopkins and I sprang forward together, but I was
just a shade the swifter. I seized Rita roughly and
dragged her down to the bottom of the pinnace.

  It was so near a thing that I felt the scorching heat
of the flame upon my back, and a great hole in the
boat’s side was eaten away by the fierce atomic energy
of the discharge. A crack came from the engineer's
revolver, a splash in the water threw spray over us,
and when we rose to our feet, there was no sign visible
of our enemies or the fragments of their craft.

  The water was now lapping in at the hole in the
side, which all our efforts failed to plug, and only by
ceaseless baling could we escape foundering.

  It was a backaching task, and very glad we all were
when, a couple of hours later, a naval hydroplane picked
us up. We reached Portsmouth at sunset. A special
plane rushed us to Croydon, and there we were met
by a vast crowd. We had scarcely set foot to ground
when my Head—the chief of the Daily Scoop—forced
his way to the front and seized me in both hands.

  “Had to come—got across on a submarine—simply
had to see you if only for a few minutes—-you know
you’re to stay here—our people have loaned you—”

  “What!” I shouted, wrathfully incredulous. But it
was true. We had been loaned! As though we were
national heirlooms! We were no longer free citizens
of a mighty nation—we now belonged to the whole
human race, and were easily the most important per-
sons in the world. And wherever lay the greater need,
there we must go.

ALTHOUGH our own country had by no means
. escaped unscathed, yet our hurt was as nothing
compared to the damage that had been wrought upon
the teeming myriads of Europe. There could be no
question but that it was policy to strike the first blow
802

AMAZING STORIES

where the very concentration of the enemy would work
against them. Moreover, until by experiment I had
perfected my discovery and divulged the formula to
science, it was deemed much too risky to expose my
person to the perils of such a passage.

  “You’re famous, my boy,” he continued. “Car
waiting to rush you up to the Downing Street bunch—
special cabinet meeting, all the big-wigs there. If you
can only work this anti-gas stunt you’ve hinted at!”

  “Did you look after the apparatus and papers in my
rooms ?” I interrupted. “I wirelessed from Wellington
about the stuff—you haven’t let Edgar get them?” I
queried anxiously. Edgar is my brother, S.nd a more
careless young cub I have yet to meet.

  “He had them, Harding, but the Government rounded
up all your stuff to the last cigarette—got machinists
to duplicate the bits, and took photostats of the Mss.
in case of accident. I’ve got the originals with me,”
he assured me with much pride.

  “Good old U. S.!” I exclaimed thankfully.

  We had a long and wearying time at Downing Street,
with a number of military, naval, and air experts.

  I would rather not repeat the flattering things that
were said, nor dwell on the details. A large cheque for
expenses, use of Government workshops, and the best
technical skill were placed at our disposal.

  Thereafter ensued forty-eight hours of the most
intense mental concentration and physical strain pos-
sible for the human frame to endure.

  Every minute of this period was passed in the great
Woolwich workshops. I had sole control of every
resource and every man in that immense area.

  Never once were my clothes removed; I slept in
snatches anywhere. I ate in snatches.

  And finally, it was accomplished.

  A machine for projecting the gas-dispersal rays was
built on the lines of my original drawings. It resembled
a short, squat, wire-wound gun, mounted on swivel-
bearings. I can’t go into the technical exposition here;
suffice it to say that the current from the motor driven
dynamo, fed into the coils of wire, produced an intense
magnetic field in the gun, from which the strange,
flickering rays shot out.

  It looked more like one of the spark producers on
a Trog vessel than I would have believed possible. It
sent out an intermittent stream of sparkling rays as
long as a current was passed through it. We could
not, of course, as yet test it on the actual poison gas,
but I had little doubt of its efficiency.

  Fagged as I was, I sought Rita.

  “You won’t have long to wait for a test,” she ex-
claimed, as I concluded my report. “The Trogs have
established a camp within fifty miles of Paris and an
attack is believed to be imminent. The French Govern-
ment, I have just learned, has asked ours to send you
across with your machine. Official request from the
War Office coming along any moment.”

  “Is that all?”

  “No, I’ve lots more news—too much in fact. Our
story is all over the world. We shall lie able to make
tons of money writing. More American towns wiped
out. I wanted to urge something—something I’ve

mentioned before—but it will have to wait. Oh, I feel
as if this were all a nightmare, as if the world were
spinning round inside my head!”

  I felt somewhat like that myself. All the long days
of perilous adventure seemed to have led us up to a
climax of suspense that was going to test our strength,
more than everything that had tested us before. If
I hadn’t been absolutely worn out physically and men-
tally, I should never have slept a wink that night.

  But sleep I did, awaking refreshed for the next task
—for the supreme ordeal.

  I was ordered to take the sparking gun over to Paris.

  We rushed down to Dover by motor, ran aboard a
waiting boat, and made a record crossing to Calais.
The French roads were cleared of traffic for us, and
we reached the French capital in time, and only just
in time, to take part in the now historic defence.

  The French officials were almost hysterical in their
anxiety and wild hope. Four Troglodyte vessels were
already at work, firing poison bombs at such of the
great forts round the city as had too recklessly betrayed
their positions.

  “Our guns are splendid, and so are our airmen,”
cried one of our informants. “But it is so difficult
to get the range of the Trogs when they jump so fast
and so high. Ah, cicl, messieurs! If you can only
dissipate their deadly smoke!”

  The air shook with the discharge of guns and the
concussion of bursting shells. Out of the dusty suburbs
we dashed into the city, endeavoring to meet the two
Trog vessels that also came inwards.

  Half-way down the Bois de Boulogne we saw the
edge of the first gas cloud. We pulled up only just
in time, fixed on our masks and started up the dynamo.

  The test had come; the Great Experiment was on.

  As I swung the strange gun to and fro, a stream of
intermittent crackling sparks, widening out in ghostly,
violet waves of faint light, shot from its muzzle into
the heart of the advancing cloud. Would it dispel
the poisonous gas? Would it disperse that cloud?

The Victory of Paris

THE fate of the whole civilized world hung in
the balance. A few moments would decide.
Either my etheric discharges would disintegrate
the molecules of that poisonous vapor into harmless
atoms, or the cloud would roll on and on, would en-
velope us, would shrivel us to skin and bone, leave us
corpses in a city of corpses, and make the people of the
underworld Lords of the upper air as well.

  A few moments of strained anxiety, such as I pray
never to experience again, and then I knew.

  It was a success! The crackling flashes of ghostly
radiance were dispelling, destroying the deadly cloud.
As I turned the gun about as though laying dust with
a jet or spray, the masses of vapor thinned and van-
ished—thinned and disappeared even more rapidly, more
wonderfully, than under the influence of the Troglo-
dytes’ own apparatus.

  I had won!

  The sudden relief, the realization of success and all
THE WORLD AT BAY

803

it would mean, was a joy too intense, too great, to bear.

  The Frenchmen laughed and wept; and in the trans-
ports of their delight, they hugged and kissed me.

  “This is the beginning only, Max,” said Rita, re-
covering her sanity and dabbing her shining eyes. “We
have not done with the Trogs yet. Here are some
more shells.”

  The two air-vessels, descending perilously low for
them, no doubt to see what had become of their gas-
cloud, discharged more bombs at us. They burst within
a few feet of us, and I instantly turned the gun on
them. A few seconds of the sparkling light and the
incipient clouds were destroyed almost before they had
begun to be.

  Our French friends had seized their opportunity
also, and from anti-air-craft guns mounted on armored
cars had opened fire on the Trogs. Both vessels were
riddled with shrapnel, and crashed to earth.

   An urgent telephone call hurried us next to St. Ger-
main, where the other two vessels had begun their fell
work. The same tactics again succeeded. I dispersed
the gas; the ships came down to investigate; the French
gunners saw to the rest. Paris breathed again.

  You can imagine for yourself the rejoicings in the
gay city that day and night—the world-wide thanks-
giving that went up as the news was flashed from land
to land by cable and radio.

   Rita and myself were the guests of the President at
a State banquet, where we were toasted, flattered, and
decorated with the Insignia of the Legion of Honor.
It was all in the daily papers. We were glad when it
was over and they let us go back to our hotel.

  The following morning, as Rita and I were break-
fasting in a little sitting-room they had set aside for
us in the hotel, came news that somewhat damped the
ardor of yesterday’s rejoicing

  “I’ve been up at least two hours before you, old
sleepy-head,” said Rita, “and I’ve been busy. Let me
tell you while we eat.

  “The Trogs have become active at home, raiding
towns and collecting many prisoners. But what is
worse, they appear to have sensed where the centre of
population and government really is, and a machine
has just been reported off Long Island.”

  “Good Lord!” I exclaimed. “What’s to be done?”
“You—we—are going to make copies of the specifi-
cations of your machine, my dear Max. Government
orders, of course. The Government couldn’t wait to
discuss terms—they’ve simply commandeered your in-
vention, your services, and mine. As soon as Hopkins
can get his set of blue prints, he will be sent across in
the R33. I think we can trust the American engineers
to do their part directly when he lands.”

  “Exactly how do we stand now, Miss Rita Court-
ney?” I asked. “I’m a big man, you know. What
authority did you give for your—er—activities?”

  “A big man such as yourself,” she said, with a sly
twinkle in her eyes, “cannot be bothered with every
detail of the business of saving a world. He must have
help—efficient help. I told them I was your private
and confidential secretary.”

  “Precisely! It’s an ideal arrangement, no doubt.

Don’t great men frequently marry their secretaries?”
“Mr. Harding”—she spoke severely—“there’s a lot
of work to be done yet, we have no time to discuss
things of that sort. You will accept the situation, I
am sure. And now there is another step I wish to
take, but this I could not take on my own.”

  “Yes?” I had a faint premonition of what was
coming. “Yes ?”

  “It’s something I’ve mentioned before. It’s some-
thing that should be our very next move.”

  Ah! I had expected it, feared it!

The Quarrel

** /T R. HARDING’S confidential secretary thinks
%/| ’ that his next task should be—what?” I
A asked.

  “You know very well what I mean—don’t be stupid!
You know that we ought to make an effort to rescue
some of the prisoners—to seize the Outlet.”

  “Some of the prisoners, of course. I should like to
see Dick again—and John. Especially John. Been
better if he had come with us when he had the chance.
Then you wouldn’t have this bee in your bonnet.”

  It was rotten of me to display my jealousy like this.
I felt that myself, even as I spoke. It was as though,
“something not myself, making for—unrighteousness”
had spoken through me.

  What a strange and complex thing is human con-
sciousness ! What makes us at times, even against our
better will, say things that we know will hurt those
we love?

  Rita drew herself up haughtily, pushed her cup and
saucer away.

  “I think the buzzing you hear is inside your own
head, Mr. Harding. You don’t at all understand, or
else you are wilfully blind—or else I am! I’m begin-
ning to wonder. . . . But we are wasting time. We
must make an effort to save John and Dick and as many
of the other prisoners as we can.”

  “And you propose to set about it? How?”

  “We are making specifications of your machine for
our Government. When that work is done we must
ask for an airship and a convoy of planes to take
us to the Outlet. A sudden attack there might be
successful. We might capture one of their vessels, and
go down in it. We are proof against their poison now.

  “You would go down there again, if it proved
possible ?”

  If Rita Courtney thought as much of John Rixon
as all that, then my hope was vain indeed. It was a
bitter pill, a bitter blow to my pride.

  To save him, even to try to save him, she was ready
to risk both my life and her own.

  “You will go, too, Max. I know you will when you
have thought it over. Only we two know where the
Outlet is; only we two can talk to the Trogs.”

  “I suppose you have some idea of how we are to
capture a vessel of theirs, how we are to work one if
we get it, and what we are to do when we reach the
bottom of the great shaft? We are not afraid of the
gas, but what about their nerve-paralyzing ray? And
their flame pistols? How are we to fight those? It
804

AMAZING STORIES

seems to me a mad idea—sheer senseless madness!”
‘‘To you, no doubt, Mr. Harding. To me it seems
ordinary humanity. At any rate, in my evidently thank-
less position as a big Government official’s confidential
secretary, I have put out the idea to the Press. The
world’s newspapers will be lauding your chivalrous
heroism to the skies to-night. Such a nice halo for
you, and you don’t want to wear it!”

  “Really, Miss Courtney,” said I, struggling to keep
my indignation within reasonable bounds, “this is too
much to expect me to-to-to-er-accept. You ask me to
do something I don’t see the wisdom of doing, and then
coolly tell me that you have already committed me to
it. You have got me into a nice mess. I can’t very
well go back on what you have given out as my own
idea; I can hardly give you the sack; we can’t afford,
in our present notorious position, to indulge in a public
quarrel. Really, it’s—er—a bit too thick!”

  Rather lame reasoning, I admit; but my nerves were
all jangled, and the gnawing of my insensate jealousy
goaded me on.

  “Not indulge in a public quarrel? Of course not.
But our present position does not prevent you trying
to provoke a private quarrel with me, Mr. Harding.
You are actually shouting, scowling, growing red in
the face. I hope the waiters don’t notice anything. If
you go on like this, I am afraid I shall have to give
you notice. The position will be too trying.”

  “As soon as you please,” I snapped, suddenly. “After
all, our being thrown together in this affair was purely
accidental.”

  At that moment I was really sincere. I knew that
it would be far better for my peace of mind, now that
it was evident Rita was not for me, to see less of her,
to be less with her.

  The expression that darkened her eyes was in-
describable.

  “You will not understand,” she cried angrily. “If you
say that again, I shall take you at your word. I shall
think that you want to get rid of me.

  “No, let us be calm and sane. I still feel that my
idea is the right one—that, quite apart from our duty
to the prisoners in the underworld, it is our best policy
to attack the Trogs at home, to seize and hold the
Outlet. I shall be very much astonished if Europe’s
General Council—didn’t I tell you the various Govern-
ments had agreed late last night to drop their silly
isolation and act together, under one command?—does
not agree with me. You can oppose the idea, throw
difficulties in the way later, if you like, but don’t talk
to the Council as you’ve talked to me.”

  I was piqued, sore, insanely bitter, and wracked by
jealousy. Somewhere inside me a voice was saying
that Rita was right, that if I loved her I would rise
above my own miserable, personal irritation. And
yet I would not let that inner voice speak.

  A bitter gibe, an unworthy taunt, was on my tongue.
I might have said something that would have alienated
us for ever, but at that very moment a page-boy ran up.
“Urgent radiogram sir!”

  I grabbed the envelope, tore it open.

  "Troglodyte vessel threatening London. Sighted

near Barnes. Trailing long net. Poison gas put one
anti-aircraft depot out of action. Return with your
sparking gun at once. Transport ready at every point
—Carrington, Commander-in-Chief.”

London’s Peril

RITA jumped up and grasped my hand across the
table.

“It sounds awful, but I’m glad in a way, Max.
You were going to say something particularly dreadful.
I could see it in your face. Now we shall just have to
drop our silly quarrel and get to work. I’m packing
you off this moment. I am staying here to get out
these copies of the specifications. When the patent
rights are secured, I shall despatch the copies to the
various military centres that require them. Hopkins
will start for New York the moment he gets his copy.
I’ll see to all these details—off you go!”

  It was an immense relief to have to act, instead of
talk—to have a secretary so resourceful—to have fin-
ished with our wretched recriminations.

  I admired Rita Courtney more just then than I had
ever done before. I was ready to eat all my words,
and should have done so, if she had let me. But she
was, like all women, intensely practical and matter-of-
fact at the proper time.

  I was hustled out of the hotel to the garage, and,
with the sparking gun, was shortly on the way to the
coast. A fast destroyer was awaiting us in the Chan-
nel and rushed us across to Dover. There we trans-
shipped to a special train, which, with line clear before
it, prepared to give us a record run to the Metropolis.

  But whatever the speed, it was too slow for one’s
thoughts. Every moment was precious, charged with
fate. Long before I reached London it might be lying
silent under a sea of smoky cloud. I might only arrive
in time to witness the aftermath of that crowning
horror.

  I stepped out at Waterloo fifteen minutes under
express time. General Hartopp, the well-known air
force expert, greeted me thankfully.

  “All ready for you, Mr. Harding,” he said. “Men
and motor lorries waiting to take you anywhere. No
damage done since Carrington sent you his radio. The
beggars are hanging over Muswell Hill at present—
at a tremendous height. Been circling around for hours.
Either waiting for reinforcements, waiting for more
of our guns to reveal themselves, or else somewhat
staggered at the size of London. What do you advise
as -our first action ? I had thought of running out to
our No. 3 anti-aircraft station, firing at them, letting
them drop a few bombs, and then showing them that
their gas is useless.”

  “Have you got the streets clear, in case we need to
move our gun about freely and rapidly?”

  “That’s the worst part of this complicated business,”
was the General’s reply. “You see, folks don’t know
where the next shell may drop, and they are on the
verge of panic. Trains, tubes, trams, buses, taxis
are all busy with people on the move, all outward bound.
We have all the men on duty that we can possibly get ;
but London is so vast, so unwieldy, that any moment
THE WORLD AT BAY

805

we may J)e swept off our feet in a frenzied rush. We
have spread the news of your Paris success and the
fact that you are now due here, but they feel that you
can’t be everywhere at once. The very next shell that
falls may be like a match put to powder. Panic—
disaster.”

  “It mustn’t fall, then,” said I, making a sudden de-
cision. “Have you any army balloons in commission
in the London area ? The only place to fight this fellow
safely is in the air itself. I’ve been thinking it out all
the way across.”

  “In an ordinary gas-bag? Great Scott! Never
thought of that. They can outfly and outsoar our
planes, worse luck. Yes, we have a couple of biggish
gas-bags in the Crystal Palace grounds—we kept send-
ing them up on look-out duty. If you are really serious,
Mr. Harding, I’ll wire for one to be got ready at once.
“But—what about their paralyzing ray?”

  “A couple of pieces of thin sheet lead, to act as
shields,” said I, with a sudden inspiration. “That
should protect us—if you will go up with me? I’ve
an idea it will be well worth risking. Their gas need
not bother us—it sinks as it expands, and we shall be
jumping up. We can safely leave the gun down here
in the care of some of your handy men.”

  “I don’t quite see what we can do if we go up, Hard-
ing?” said the alert airman, “but if it’s good enough
for you, it’s good enough for me. I’ll go up with you.
Jump in here, wait till I’ve wired to the Palace, and
we’ll start.”

  Our chauffeur, experienced transport driver though
he was, wiped the perspiration from his brow when we
pulled up at our destination.

  “Wouldn’t do that run again for a fortune!” he
jerked out. “Only God knows how we did it!”

  The balloon, already nearly inflated when the Gen-
eral’s order arrived, was released, immediately we
stepped into the basket. The earth fell from under us
instantly. In a few moments we were hanging in
emptiness, London far below, rising quickly.

  “Two—three—four thousand feet,” said the General,
consulting the barometer. “Still going up. The sun
is warming the gas, and there’s scarcely a breath of
wind. We shall soon be alongside the enemy—if only
they will condescend to wait for us. What’s the
programme ?”

  “My idea, General, is to capture that vessel,” I said,
pointing to the Troglodyte airplane hovering still above
us, and now slowly moving about as though uncertain
what to do. “You be ready to throw out ballast when
I give the word, for we shall need to jump up soon
and jump quickly. I think I can do the rest. Have
your lead shield handy.”

  Up and up we went till we were almost on the same
level as the Trog. They fired a gas shell at us, that
burst into a grey cloud. A sack of ballast overboard
and we were above the danger.

  How I envied the Trogs their ease and rapidity of
movement. They rose slightly, floating just above us,
and drew slowly nearer in a spiral curve.

  Hartopp and I had each got repeating rifles, and at
my signal we both fired together at a Trog who was

pushing a paralysis tube over to take aim at us. With
a yell of pain he threw up his arms, and the deadly tube
pitched overboard.

  Just at that moment a cloud passed slowly between
us and the sun. Came a chill breath of air, and with
that coolness, the gas in the envelope contracted enough
to send us down two hundred feet.

  Only the prompt sacrifice of ballast and the return
of the sunlight sent us up again in time to escape the
second gas cloud they tried to smother us in. But
now we were above them, and our chance had come.

  Looking back on our exploit now, I can see only
too clearly what a mad insane freak it was. Had the
Trogs been half as daring as we were, had they taken
the measure of our powers, that day would have seen
the end of Max Harding and General Hartopp. Our
very confidence must have scared our foes, and their
own confidence and curiosity proved their undoing.

  “Pull the valve cord, General, and drop us along-
side,” I cried. “Poke your rifle over the basket-edge,
and drop the first beggar who makes a move. Now!”

Rita’s Appeal

  T seems incredible even to me, in retrospection, but
    the stratagem succeeded.

       As balloon and airplane came alongside, hanging
level, our rifles spoke rapidly. The Trog who was at
the control wheel, and another who was training his
flame pistol upon us, collapsed with ludicrous urgency.
Hartopp fired again and dropped a third.

  They jumped up a hundred feet; we threw out more
ballast, and followed them. We were now not six feet
away.

  “Surrender your ship, or we shall destroy you all!
Descend as we descend, give up your weapons when
you land, and your lives shall be spared. If you refuse,
we shall follow you, and kill you all with our fire-guns!”

  At least, that’s the purport of what I yelled at the
Trogs in the best I could manage of their language, and
in the most swaggeringly raucous voice I could
command.

  It worked! They grunted and screamed aloud in
their surprise and fright at hearing their own tongue.

  “It was a fortunate thing I knew enough to make
them understand,” I said to Hartopp. “What a gor-
geous bluff! They could get away from us any mo-
ment if they weren’t too scared! They’re coming
down! Drop us gently, side by side, and keep your
rifle on them.”

  “Right-oh!” said the imperturbable airman. “She’s
emptying fine. We shall land on Hampstead Heath, if
this little breeze holds. Splendid, Mr. Harding,
splendid.”

  Just on the edge of the Heath the Trog vessel came
to earth. A crowd that had gathered to watch our
descent ran to seize our trail rope; a squad of Royal
Air Force men rushed to the spot. Then we were
afoot and quickly disarmed our seven Trog prisoners.
They were too surprised and dazed to offer resistance,
as the soldiers—to save them from the threatening
mob—pushed them into a motor lorry and drove off.

  For the time, at any rate, London was saved. And
806

AMAZING STORIES

 what was almost more important was the moral effect
 of this second victory. Humanity took heart of cour-
 age once more. On sea, on land, and in the air, it
 was proved that the Trogs were not invincible, and
 that they could be fought and beaten; and all the
 world, from that moment, set itself to work upon the
 one supreme task of ridding its surface from the
 destroyers.

   I skip over the rejoicings and ovations of that day.
 They were sufficiently embarrassing and upsetting to
 a shy journalist without having to write about them!
 I come to the evening of the day after, when, in com-
 pany with several of the best engineers in the Air
 Force, I was examining the captured Troglodyte vessel.
 A big marquee had been put up over it, electric light
 wires run across to it, and a cordon of regulars kept
 off the crowd.

   The engineering details of the ship were a revelation
 to us. In particular, the simple construction and tre-
 mendous power of the radium motor excited our ad-
 miration. The method of breaking up the radium and
 releasing its atomic force was very wasteful, we could
 see; but what did that matter to the Trogs when they
 had tons of the material only requiring to be mined?

   There was enough motive power aboard, we calcu-
 lated, for a five-thousand-mile non-stop flight. There
 were ten gas bombs, three nerve-paralyzing guns, and
 four flame pistols.

   With the help and advice of one of the Trog prison-
 ers, who seemed more amenable to reason than his
 companions, our men quickly learned the use and con-
 trol of the various gadgets. Very carefully, but very
 successfully, we made a trial flight of an hour. We
 rose and fell vertically; got up a horizontal speed of
 200 miles per hour. We shot out a gas bomb—and
 dissipated it with our own spark-ray; we paralyzed one
 of our number—and brought him out of the helpless
 state; we learned that the atomic discharge of the flame
 pistols was so great that each pistol could only fire
 once and then was useless. It was a weapon which
 every Trog, on reaching maturity, was given to keep,
 as a weapon to be used only in the last resort.

   When we had descended after our successful trip,
 and the vessel was being hauled into the shelter of the
 big tent, somebody suddenly materialized out of the
 shadows at my side. Rita, tired-eyed, smiling.

   “Crossed over and came up at once, Max. Did all
 the work arranged. You are wonderful. Do you
 know what this capture means to us?”

   “It means that we can fight them on equal terms now
 —soar as they can soar. We can build a fleet of vessels
 such as this.”

    “Is that all! I just hate to spoil anything, but where
 are you going to get the radium from? You and I
 know where there is plenty.”

   “Still harping on that mad idea, Rita,” said I. “We
 are going to beat the Trogs to their knees first, and
 one of our conditions of victory will be a supply of
 ‘ radium from below. Another will be the release of
 all our prisoners. The General Command is consider-
 ing all that at this very moment. Expecting news any
 time now.”

  “As a matter of fact,” replied this amazing woman,
“I've just been advised of their decision. They see the
case as I see it. They think we ought to try to seize
the Outlet, hold it, and then make terms with the
Trogs. You and I, being the only persons who can
make ourselves understood by the enemy, must go
there. And that is what this splendid capture of yours
means, my dear, stupid Max. With this vessel, we
can carry out the expedition.”

  “And, incidentally, we risk the vessel and our own
lives? And with this vessel we can even descend the
Outlet, and make an effort to rescue—well, John Rixon
at least!”

  Rita gave me her hands and looked me straight in
the eyes.

  “Max,” she said, in a low voice, “will you listen to
me just this once? If we can save John Rixon from
that living death underground, we must do so. A great
man such as he must not be lost to the race. I know—
why shouldn’t I admit it? —that you love me. No,
don’t speak yet. I know it, I can’t help knowing it;
I’m glad to know it. But I should be gladder still to
know that you could rise above the jealousy that
mars ordinary folk; I want you to try to save him.”
“You want me to try to save him for you—to give
up all hope of winning you for myself?”

  “It’s your test, Max,” she said. “I shall know then
that you love me with the sort of higher love that every
true woman values in her inmost heart. I shall know
that you are living up to the high standard I've set
for you. You will come willingly, you will help me?”

Back to the Underworld

WHEN Rita Courtney appealed to me like that,
could there be any doubt about my response?
My hard mood broke up, giving way as a
log-jam suddenly “gives” on a Canadian river.

  “I will help you willingly, Rita; I will do anything
to make you happy. When do we start?”

  It sounds banal, antipathetic, but “high-falutin”
heroics were never in my line. I couldn’t put into
words the feeling I had, that some psychic understand-
ing had leapt from soul to soul, that in some mysterious
way Rita Courtney and I were nearer to each other in
that moment than we had ever been before.

  “If the vessel can be got ready, we start in the
morning. The General Command is very keen.”

  She released my hands, gave a little sigh of relief,
of content.

  “I will see that it is ready,” said I. “Our folks
have taken all measurements and particulars of the
airship and its engines, and they will be able to build
a fleet to pattern if required, if we can manage to
bring back a supply of radium from down under. What
I am not quite happy about, Rita, is exactly what we
are going to do when we reach the bottom of the Out-
let—if we get that far.”

  “I’m hoping that John will be expecting us,” said
she. “You know that he and a few more prisoners
were trying to manufacture crystal radio sets, as there
were plenty of suitable minerals in the rocks, and lots
of wire. It is queer that the Trogs, for all their
THE WORLD AT BAY

807

mechanical cleverness, never invented radio. Well, all
the Governments are now busy sending out powerful
long-wave radio messages in Morse, on the chance that
John may pick them up.

  “And we shall not go to the Outlet alone. We shall
be convoyed by a squadron of fast airplanes and fol-
lowed by several big airships with supplies. We shall
settle in the great crater, and while we are descending
the shaft, the others will be able to deal with any Tro-
glodyte vessel that may be returning to the Outlet.
Remember, they can know nothing of what we are
doing, and will be quite unprepared for our coup.”

  It sounded all right. Rita’s heart was set upon the
expedition.

  Taking with us the Troglodyte prisoner, who seemed
less scared, less hostile than his fellows, we began our
southward voyage next day. We had a great send-off
from Hendon, and having fitted a receiver aboard, were
in touch with news all the way. The vessel was steady
as a rock, and proved wonderfully easy to control
once we had mastered its features. •

  News came in constantly, and everywhere humanity
was recovering from its panic and despair. Every-
where the Troglodytes were being met with resistance,
were being attacked.

  Arsenals and workshops in nearly every country
were busy making “dispersers.”

  The worst news came from South Africa. The
Trogs had been more thoroughly vicious there, in a
more wholesale way, than anywhere else. Their raids
had so disorganized the life of the community and so
worked on the superstitious fears of the natives, that
there had been a great black uprising.

  A new T’Chaka had arisen, and the dreaded Zulu
impis once again swept over the land in a torrent of
slaughter. Coherent resistance there was none, though
the holding of Johannesburg by the whites will rank in
history with the heroic defense of Lucknow.

  The railways were deserted and rapidly overgrown.
The smoke of Kaffir kraals went up where once had
been white men’s towns; the beasts of the wild came
back south of the Orange River. It was a melancholy
story—a glimpse of what might have happened in
Northern Africa, in India, in the Southern States of
America, had no fortunate help come to the world, had
not Rita and myself escaped in time.

  “It is not modern to talk of Providence, of a Con-
trolling Hand in our affairs,” said Rita. “I once used
to scoff at such ideas myself. But now I’m not so sure.
I have a feeling which I can’t get rid of, that there has
been more than coincidence in our adventures. We
have been guided, protected, spared—for a purpose.”

  “I believe that, too,” said I.

  We reached the devastated area, the vast, arid wound
on the green face of the Amazon forest, without mis-
hap. We descended vertically to the flat space used by
the Trog vessels, and our ten convoy ’planes came to
rest on the best patches of ground they could find.
Later, the three large airships arrived, carrying petrol
and other supplies. And then we came to the snag
that we had discussed till we were tired of discussion.
In the Trog vessel we had, of course, a “disperser,”

which got its power from a radium charge. That we
should have to take down with us, to protect us from a
gas attack either in the shaft or at the bottom.

  Then what of our convoy left above? Their guns
would, no doubt, make short work of any Trogs com-
ing home unsuspectingly; but what would happen when
some more alert Trog captain heralded his approach
with gas bombs ?

  Our only hope was in making the descent of the
shaft, rescuing our friends, and returning before dis-
aster happened.

  All my doubts, objections, fears, came back to me in
full force as the helicopter, after hovering above the
black centre of the crater, began its downward journey.
The Troglodyte prisoner assisting us eagerly—he was
going home!—we let the vessel fall like a plummet into
the darkness. Then, carefully, gradually, we brought
the lifting screws to work, checking our speed, and so,
grinding, roaring, we went down, down.

  It was madness—sheer, stark madness. I was a fool,
the authorities were fools. We had let ourselves be
hypnotized by a woman’s fierce resolve to save her
lover. And I? I loved her, and I was throwing my life
away—and her own life, too—to save my rival!

Into the Depths

AT last, we emerged from the long darkness, came
into the great opening at the foot of the shaft—
* into the flickering phosphorescent light that lit
the strange scenery of that strange world with its
ghastly glow.

  The vessel grounded with a jarring shock, settling
alongside another ’plane that appeared to be deserted.

  Of course, we had counted upon the unexpectedness
of our descent for our immediate safety. The Trogs
could not be aware of our coming, would think the
vessel was one of their own, manned by some of them-
selves. The quiet, unmolested landing, however, was
nevertheless uncanny.

  Very few Trogs were in evidence, but a couple of
people who were walking about—a couple of humans,
unshaven, ragged, dirty, dejected-looking—suddenly
rushed up to us as we stepped down to earth.

  We were shaking hands with John Rixon and Dick
Martin!

  “Have to pour it all out right away, Max,” said Dick,
in a husky voice. “No time to be polite. Things haven’t
panned out so badly, but it’s just touch and go with us
at this moment.

“Then they didn’t imprison you when we got away?”

  “Oh, yes, they did, and a rough time I had of it. But
good old John got me out. He doctored the Great
Panjandrum again, and the old chap was so pleased he
set me at liberty when John asked him.

  “Now we are fixed like this just now. We have left
the prison camp down under—hopeless!—and have
managed to hang round here. We try to get a word
with the new arrivals, warn them what to expect, and
so on. But His Royal Nibs has got another touch of
the "flu”—lots of the Troggies caught it on their voy-
ages and brought it down with them—and, from all we
hear, he is in a vile temper. He will be sending for John
808

AMAZING STORIES

almost any minute, and if he isn't cured slick this time,
and really cured, well—it’s us for the great beyond.
I’m glad you’ve got here in time.”

  Then drawing me aside, Dick whispered:

  “Don’t be too jolted when you get talking to John.
He has worked himself to rags, and had one or two
touches of the “flu” himself. He’s about at the end. If
you hadn’t come now, I’m afraid you would have come
too late to save him. I’m not feeling particularly fit
myself, I can tell you.”

  I turned to greet John Rixon as he relinquished
Rita’s hands. He had been holding them as though he
would never let go. It was fortunate that Dick had
given me those words of warning.

  Such an utter change in a man I have seldom seen.
And yet I ought not to have been surprised, knowing
the work he had done and the deadly horror of that
underground world in which he had lived and toiled.
The marvel was that he—or any of us—had kept sane
and preserved life and spirit at all.

  His face was pinched and drawn, his frame was
shrunken, his hands were unsteady, there were streaks
of grey in his dark hair. Only the eyes held their old
fire, their old force.

  “Glad you succeeded, glad you’ve come, Harding,”
he said. “Dick will have told you how we are fixed
here. I never thought both of you would have taken
this terrible risk.”

  “Then you heard from us—you expected us?”

' “Yes, after your message. We have got a couple of
crystal sets, of sorts, and a fellow who can read Morse
like a book. If only we could have sent you a reply!
I would have stopped Rita coming down here again.”
“You wouldn’t, John!” she cried.

  “It’s foolhardy work, Rita girl. Mad. Senseless.
It is very unlikely we shall get away unless we start
soon. You are surprised that I’m leaving the prisoners
to their fate? The job has got beyond me. It’s awful,
horrible, down there. All sorts of folks—mixed races
—black, yellows, browns. They are out of hand.
Won’t listen to reason. Have to be driven to the mines
like slaves—or beasts. I can’t bear to think of the
things I’ve seen. There has been jealousy, suspicion.
Some of the prisoners, seeing us going about freely,
have accused us of being traitors, of being paid tools
of the Trogs. They nearly killed Dick once, and I’ve
been threatened often.

  “I’m not coming away because of that. The position
is absolutely hopeless, and I’m not the man I was when
you went up. I’m not the superman I thought I was—
God forgive me!”

  “I’m ready to go back at once—we had better start.”
“Aren’t there any more we can save? The vessel
will carry at least a score.”

  It was a dreadfully changed John Rixon who replied
to me.

  There was no time to be lost; it was impossible to
get down to the prisoners’ camp beyond the lake and
the prison works; even if we got there we should be
mobbed, attacked. We must save ourselves.

  Much as I had disliked the man, I found now that I
had admired, respected him still more. It brought a

queer, lumpy feeling into my throat to see him thus.

  And at the same time I felt that thus broken and
despairing, he was an even more formidable rival, than
the old resourceful courageous, dominant John.

  Rita would pity him, yearn over him. Even if she
had not loved him before, she would assuredly love him
now. For not only are Love and Pity akin—they are
woven of the self-same mind-stuff. I saw the faint
hope that I had begun to cherish anew, in spite of all
sense and reason, fading away.

  For knowledge of the catastrophe that happened in
the next few moments we have to rely on General
Hartopp's vigilance. Whilst we were absorbed in our
meeting, he had turned to the wireless and, with ear-
phones on, was listening to news from above ground.
Even the strange world into which we had come did
not divert him from his duty. He got the news “All
well,” he told us afterwards, and then noticed our
Troglodyte prisoner making signs to a group of other
Troglodytes in a distant part of the vast cave.

  The prisoner went on to hammer on the metal frame-
work of the vessel—systematic, rhythmic tappings that
were quickly answered by a faint cadence of similar
noises all around us.

  Being sure that our prisoner was in some way be-
traying us to his folk, Hartopp sprang upon him, closed
with him, and bore him to the floor of the hold. We
heard the tappings and the answering signals and
rushed to his aid.

  In the struggle, the Trog managed to secure the flame
pistol carried by the General—we had all armed our-
selves with one of these weapons when we captured
the vessel in London—and immediately discharged its
enormous atomic energy.

  But the Troglodyte did not trouble to expend that
energy upon us. He aimed at the ship’s engine and
lifting propeller. When the blinding, searing flash of
light went out, a hole, a void, a nothingness was where
the motive power and mechanism had been. The ves-
sel was now a useless, immovable hulk!

  Once more we were captives of this underworld.

The Grater Is a Sea of Gas

OR a moment we were shocked into stupid inac-
tion. All of us, that is, except Hartopp.

  He is a big man, with a strong Irish strain in his
ancestry, and tough and agile as the Trog was. The
airman got him down, pinned him to the deck. With
one hand he held the creature by the throat; with his
service revolver gripped in the other hand, he nearly
finished the job.

  “Stop! Don’t!” cried Rita. “Hold him, but don’t
kill him. We want him. He will be useful. Besides,
it was splendid of him to act like that! He is loyal to
his race, to his people.”

  The Troglodyte could not understand her words, of
course, but he evidently grasped her meaning. He
ceased to struggle, and when Hartopp reluctantly re-
leased him and allowed him to scramble to his feet,
he shook himself like a dog just out of the water. Then
he turned to Rita with an expression of gratitude that
was almost comically pathetic. His pasty white face
THE WORLD AT BAY

809

was wrinkled in a most ludicrously ugly fashion.

  Love, Sacrifice, Justice, we had already found these
in the underworld. Now we could add to them Loyalty
and Gratitude.

  By now the whole great cave was full of life.
Troglodytes were running towards us from all direc-
tions, and the rock tappings sounded all around us,
and several airplanes emerged roaring from the shad-
owy corridors in the dim distance.

  “Roused a regular hornets’ nest,” said Dick. “We
look like being well stung. I was afraid we couldn’t
get away with it. What’s our line ?”

  “Stand by the vessel, what’s left of it,” said Hartopp,
assuming command. “Luckily our radio set is still in-
tact. We are still in touch with our people up above
in the crater.”

  The Troglodytes were now all around us, closing in
upon us, an alarmed, a curious, an angry crowd. Many
flourished their long metal rods, some of them threat-
ened us with their precious flame pistols.

  On our part, we held our own weapons and the two
flame pistols we still possessed well in evidence,

  “We had better parley-voo a bit, or whatever you call
it down here,” said General Hartopp. “Ye gods! What
a hole! What a nightmare crush of hobgoblins!”

  We expected a fierce attack every moment, but for
some reason or other the Trogs held back. They sur-
rounded us, they threatened us; that was all.

  “It is strange that they did not try to paralyze us
with their violet rays,” murmured Rixon. I say “mur-
mured,” for the force had gone out of the man’s once
strong voice. “They could easily do it. It is a regu-
lar occurrence down—down there.”

  “They are afraid of the flame pistols we carry,” said
Rita. “Also, I think they are afraid of our paralysis
tubes. Luckily, they don’t know the tubes were de-
stroyed along with the motors just now. Besides, John,
I believe the Trogs are waiting for the tall person, Dick
so irreverently terms the Big Noise—otherwise the
Troglodyte chief. They are very puzzled about us, too
—how we came to have their vessel, and why we have
ventured down here.”

  I noticed that she had drawn John Rixon’s arm
through her own, was soothing him by word and tone
as one would comfort a sickly child. Oh, I was a
fool, a mad fool! What was I doing here? Why was
I not breathing the pure, free, sunlit air of the upper
world, instead of waiting for certain death in this
gloomy land of shadows?

‘ Rita went on: “I have not yet given up hope. We
must make our prisoner talk to them—he will be more
fluent than either Max or myself. We must get him to
tell them how we are defeating them above ground,
how we have seized the top of the Outlet, and that we
are ready to make terms.”

  The prisoner, prompted by us, got up and spoke to
his fellows. He grunted, gesticulated, rolled his eyes,
swung his arms. We could follow him well enough to
know that he was telling them how numerous and des-
perate humanity was, how we had captured the air-
plane, how Rita had saved his life.

  It didn’t make any difference to the hostile crowd.

They growled, grimaced and threatened us the more.
Yet they shrank from action.

  “They wait for Ul-Ulfa, the chief,” said our pris-
oner. “See—he comes!”

  An air vessel emerged from one of the distant,
shadowy corridors into the great opening where we
lay. The tall, broad-browed, dignified Troglodyte who
had passed sentence on Ulf and Ulla, on Dick and my-
self, alighted from it and advanced towards us. A
guard of a dozen squat Troglodytes, armed with flame
pistols, came with him.

  As he approached, every Troglodyte bowed to the
ground in reverence. As he passed them, they stood
up again, eager, angry, expectant, ready for instant
action.

  Ul-Ulfa spoke rapidly with our prisoner, so rapidly
that we could scarcely follow him, and our Trog replied
in the same staccato fashion.

  With every nerve strung to highest tension—or so it
seemed till a few moments later—we listened and
waited.

  Then Hartopp, who had intermittently been switch-
ing our receiver on and off, clapped the headphones to
his ears suddenly. He broke in upon our silence with a
smothered expletive. His face went pale, despite its
ruddy tan. He started speaking in quick, jerky sen-
tences.

  “A message from Bennett, top of the Outlet. At-
tacked by fleet of returning Trog vessels. Lot of gas
bombs fired. Caught our chaps unawares—came at
great height. No chance. Bennett’s aero last one un-
touched. He was making desperate efforts to get go-
ing before the poison cloud reached him. He told me:
‘The crater is a sea of gas; it is closing round us; it(
will be a close shave. I think—’ and there his mes- •
sage stopped.”

 A Royal Hostage

WE knew too well what that message, that unfin-
ished message, meant. I could see as plainly
as though I had been above ground, the sudden
rain of Troglodyte bombs from a clear sky; the unroll-
ing of the grey poison cloud as it sank into the crater,
filling up the vast cavity as water collects in a shallow
pool; the game and frantic efforts of our airmen, all
too late, to get their vessels going. I saw Bennett's
wireless operator sending us his message, speaking to
the microphone up to the last moment, till the gas
rolled over him, silencing him forever.

  Nor was that the worst of it. The Trogs once more
were masters of the Outlet. If they dispersed the gas
and came down, we should be liable to attack from
overhead. If they’Tiad any inkling of our expedition,
they might leave that sea of gas for a time, and return
for us would be impossible, even if we had a vessel in
working order. And that they would not guess our pur-
pose in occupying the Outlet, that they would not know
that we were at the foot of the shaft, was very un-
likely. We had come to rate their abilities rather higher
with fuller knowledge of their ways.

  “I’m afraid this is the end, really the end,” said John
Rixon. “I’m sorfy, Rita, for your sake. For myself
810

AMAZING STORIES

•—well. I’ve got into that state of mind when nothing
seems to matter very much. We must take whatever
punishment Ul-Ulfa gives us.”

  “Not without a fight though!” said Hartopp, with
grim determination. “They may kill me, but they will
never take me to die down there in the mines you’ve
told me about.”

  “Listen; His Nibs is talking to us!” cried Dick.

  The tall Troglodyte stepped nearer, away from his
guards, seemingly confident and unafraid. He began
to speak, and then—

  He sneezed!

  Yes—sneezed. Sneezed violently, uncontrollably,
rapidly. Sneezed as though he were never going to
stop. The sort of sneeze that rasps your throat and
makes your sides ache. And he flourished a huge,
dirty pocket handkerchief.

  “The only rag I had left—I gave it to him,” ex-
plained John Rixon.

  Into Rita’s eyes came a sudden gleam of light. I
had seen that gleam before, and I knew that she had
found some hope of escape, some chance, some possi-
bility of rescue from our dilemma.

  “Have you any quinine left, John?”

  Rixon produced a small bottle from somewhere in
his ragged coat. He rattled the contents.

  “Two tablets—that’s all.”

  “Then invite the king here, and offer to cure him if
he will spare us and send us aloft.”

  “He may promise, but that’s as far as we should get,”
objected Dick. “Much as they all kow-tow to His
Nibs, I fancy there are limits to their docility. I’ve
heard some of them talking on the quiet. If he gives
us a free pardon, I’m dead sure some of the others will
do us in.”

  “Never mind just now, what you fancy, Mr. Martin,”
snapped Rita. “We are in a position where we must
take risks. I have a plan that may yet save us. Get
the chief here, John, and hold him in conversation about
his cold. All invalids like to talk about their ailments.
Sympathize with him. And whilst you are talking to
him, keep one ear open to what I’m telling the others.”
Rixon obeyed without a questioning word.

  He must have been very persuasive, very convincing,
for the Trog chief, his fit of sneezing over at last,
stepped up to the deck of the damaged airship fear-
lessly, and stood listening to our friend. Pleasurable
relief and angry annoyance struggled for mastery of his
face.

  “I want you to see exactly what I’m driving at, and
to act upon it at the first possible moment,” said Rita,
speaking rapidly. “You have all heard of the con-
quistadors, the Spanish conquerors of Mexico and
Peru. They were a handful of men, fixed as we are,
in the midst of a big hostile population. What was
their first move? They seized the person of the king.
Cortez got hold of Montezuma and Pizarro, kidnapped
Atahualpa. The subjects of each of these kings held
them in such reverence that for a time the Spaniards
were able to do what they liked. They made the captive
kings give orders dictated by themselves, and the peo-
ple obeyed. Now, we have Ul-Ulfa in our grasp. We

must seize him, keep him, and use him as a hostage for
our own safety. And we must act at once.”

  “You are great, Miss Courtney!” cried Hartopp.
(“Another victim,” I groaned to myself.) “Leave that
part of it to me. Now then, all of you. Ready? Here
goes!”

  The big man pushed Rixon aside and seized the
Troglodyte king, pinning his arms to his side and spin-
ning him round violently. A fierce chorus of grunting
screams rose from the spectators, and the crowd rushed
to the attack.

  The nearest guard, recovering from his astonished
stupefaction at the sight, sprang toward Hartopp. The
General loosed his left hand, found his service revolver,
and shot the Trog dead.

  Then he pressed the revolver muzzle against the head
of the king, whom he now held at arm’s length by a
grip on the collar of his rough tunic.

  The king didn’t struggle at all. He seemed too aston-
ished, too dazed, too shaken out of his wits to make any
effective resistance. He was unarmed except for a
flame pistol, which Dick deftly removed from his girdle.

  “Tell ’em what’s what, you folks!” roared Hartopp.
“Tell ’em I’ll blow his head off if they do a thing to us!
I can’t hold him like this very long.”

  Rixon stood up, facing the infuriated throng.

  Would they listen to him? Would they understand?
Were they as concerned about the life of their king as
we hoped?

We Make a Truce

RIXON had to shout—and a forced raucous shout
it was—to make himself heard. But he did make
■ himself heard, and the rush was checked before
any damage was done. Of course, standing on the deck
of the air vessel and protected partly by its metal sides,
we had the advantage of position.

  And Hartopp’s dramatic pose was, no doubt, elo-
quent. If they could not understand all the halting
“Troggese” of John Rixon’s remarks, they could not
fail to see their king’s danger. They had seen their
comrade go down to one shot, and must have realized
that we were as formidable as we were desperate.

  “Your king has come to us for cure of his disease,”
was what John Rixon said—or tried to say. Anyhow,
the gist, the meaning, “got across.” They waited, silent
at last. “I shall cure him, I shall make him healthy
again. But I shall not do this unless he is here with
us. He shall not come to any harm, but we shall guard
him with our lives. You will bring food and drink for
us—and for him. But whilst we are in peril from any
of you, we shall not let him go from us.”

  There was a brief, stupefied silence. Then a Trog
pushed himself to the front.

  “Let Ul-Ulfa speak,” he growled. “Let the king tell
us his wishes with his own lips.”

- A chorus of shouts gave approval.

  “Tell them that you agree with me, that you will stay
with us, that no harm is to come to us,” said Rixon.
“I’ll cure you, but only if you agree. If you don’t—”

  He nodded to Hartopp, and the airman pressed the
cold circle of steel into the king’s ear.
' THE WORLD AT BAY

811

  “I agree; you have me in your power,” said the king,
not without a scornful dignity. Then, turning and fac-
ing his subjects, he spoke to them. He spoke quickly,
he spoke a long time. It was hard to follow him, but
we managed to learn that he told them he was in our
hands for the time being, and that they would have to
accept the situation.

  At the end, with many angry and threatening cries
and gestures at us, the crowd bowed to him and dis-
persed. A few knots of them remained in the great
cave, however, disputing amongst themselves.

  “Some of the big guns of the underworld,” said Dick.
“I’ve heard them at it before. Not exactly republicans,
but they don’t hold the king’s life in quite so much
esteem as the rank and file do. They don’t like his
leniency to me and John. They may make mischief
yet.”

  “The fact remains that we have come out of that
very well,” said Hartopp. “But now we have secured
our royal prisoner, what are we going to do with him,
Miss Courtney? Better tie him up to prevent his stray-
ing away, first thing. Then we must make him get us a
vessel fitted up to take us away.”

  “I don’t think I should tie him at all,” said Rita,
thoughtfully. “There are five of us, and one can always
be on guard. I feel sure he quite understands the posi-
tion, and knows that at the first hostile move, either
on his part or on the part of his people, we shall kill
him. And he doesn’t want to die. He doesn’t like be-
ing ill with this nasty ailment he has caught from some-
one who brought it down from our world. In fact, he’s
very sorry for himself, and it’s up to us to do more than
keep him and cure him.”

  “More?” This from Hartopp.

  “Yes, we have the finest opportunity we shall ever
have of putting an end to this terror. We must con-
vince him that his cause is hopeless. We must use him
to make his people surrender!”

  “It’s a great idea I” cried Dick. “Meantime we are
stuck down here and don’t know whether we shall ever
see the sun again.”

  “There’s the radio; we may hear news of what they
are doing to rescue us,” said I. “Bennett’s message
must have been received by others besides ourselves.
It’s a pity we didn’t try to bring some sort of transmit-
ting instrument down with us, but, of course, I ex-
pected we should be back safely before now.”

  Hartopp turned to the receiver, switched it on,
twiddled his dials, puckered his brows. Then he pulled
out the front and examined the wiring at back.

  “All O.K., and yet nothing coming through. Can’t
understand it. Ah! Hang it all—nothing but a blurred
roar!”

  At that moment the prosphorescent light that fitfully
lit the cavern was glowing at its brightest. Rixon con-
sulted his wrist watch.

  “Just noon,” he said. “I’m afraid the radioactive
light, when at its peak, neutralizes your valves. You
will get nothing more till the light dies down. I’ve
found out that it reaches a maximum at midnight and
noon—in fact, it’s a sort of tidal wave of etheric energy
resulting from the earth’s rotation. The Trogs make

their time measurements by it, and their ‘day’ is almost
exactly the same as ours. You’ll have to wait.”

  Waiting was just what we wanted least of all in our
nervous state, but there was no help for it.

  To pass the time, we practised our Troggese on the
king and the prisoner. They were as restless and wor-
ried as ourselves. Ul-Ulfa, in particular, proved eager
to talk.

  He had heard much of the strange wonders of the
outer world from his own people as well as from John
Rixon.

  Of course, with a touching faith in the latter’s heal-
ing powers, he had already swallowed the two tablets of
ammoniated quinine. He believed he would get better
at once, and his belief was no doubt a great factor in
his immediate recovery.

  He desired to go out and see this strange, cold, daz-
zling light upper world for himself, but the Council of
Elders had refused to let him risk his royal person in
such dangerous regions. We gathered that he would
not object to going up with us if we guaranteed a safe
return. The chief fear he had was, that in his absence,
the Trogs might elect another king.

  We even got a few gleams of light on the history of
the Troglodytes—gleams confirmed by bits of informa-
tion picked up by Dick and John.

  It seems fairly certain that the dominant Trog race
we had met were the survivors of a long and bitter
warfare between various races of the underworld. It
had been a fierce struggle, waged without mercy. The
victors had compelled the beaten tribes to work the
deadly mines for them. The work had exterminated
the luckless slaves, the supply of criminals had fallen
short of their needs, and they had been driven to force
a way up to the earth’s surface. They had always had
some sort of knowledge, some vague tradition, of the
existence-of an upper world from which they had once
come.

  Working back as well as we can from our scanty
data, we believe that this vast, honeycombed region was
laid open to the air in the Permian Age, and probably
colonized by a sub-branch of the anthropoid ancestors
of mankind in the Miocene. Then some convulsion of
the earth’s crust imprisoned them, and through long
ages they learned to exist and adapt themselves to the
strange conditions.

  And that’s as far as we, plus all the learned scientists
in the world, have got in the history of the Trogs. And
it’s as far as we ever shall get. We shall never know.

  The Trogs brought us food and water, as agreed
upon, for several days. On the fourth day a big crowd
of them poured into the cavern, excited, angry, vo-
ciferous.

  Two of the leaders pushed to the front and spoke
with the king.

  Ul-Ulfa’s white face went whiter still.

Good News and Bad

  T was an ultimatum that the Trogs had come to
    present to their king and to ourselves.

“And no wonder the old boy is scared,” said
Dick. “He’s in the soup whichever he does, it seems
812

AMAZING STORIES

to me. And we are in it up to the neck, too.”
  “What do they say?” asked Hartopp.

  “They are tired of waiting,” translated Rixon. “They
have heard from the top of the Outlet by their tap-
signal s. As you have heard from our people, when the
radio worked, there have been several attempts by our
folks to re-take the Outlet, but, lacking a ‘disperser,’
they have all failed. The Trogs on top have decided to
stay there and defend it, and no vessels have tried to
go up or down whilst we are here. You see, we are
in rather a good position just here—in a dog-in-the-
manger-ish sort of way. Wtih our flame pistols we
could make short work of any descending ’plane.”
“Well, what are they threatening to do about it?”
persisted Hartopp. “We can’t stop here forever.”
“The Old Guard, the dyed-in-the-wool Troglodytes
who are not exactly in love with Ul-Ulfa, have given us
two days more in which to hand him over and surrender
ourselves. If we don’t—well, they are going to wipe us
out—all of us, including the king himself. They will
fill the Outlet with gas from above, and this cave from
below. As our dispersing tube went in that bit of work
done by your prisoner, along with our engines, we are
helpless.”

  “What does the king say about it? For my part,
looking at their fishy faces, I believe they are just try-
ing a big bluff,” was Hartopp’s reply.

  “I’m afraid the Elders, at least, mean business,”
said Rita. “They have probably another aspirant to
the throne ready to step into Ul-Ulfa’s shoes. He
thinks they will act—if we don’t surrender.”

  “And yet he does not ask us to give him up—I ad-
mire the old boy for that,” said John Rixon. “He sees
that we can’t, for our own sake. So he is sending the
deputation back and telling them we shall give them
our answer at the end of the time. There's really no
hope, either for him or for us. I am more than ever
sorry, Rita, that you came down here again on this
foolish errand.”

  “Dear old John! Don’t worry about me. We have
just got to face the worst together as best we can.”

  It seemed to me, in my gloomy, despairing mind,
that in the presence of danger these two were drawing
ever nearer and nearer together. Certainly, in John
Rixon’s state of sickness of soul and body, he needed
the comforting, the petting, the companionship, that
only a woman could give.

  I ought not to have grudged him that little ameliora-
tion of the plight he shared with all of us; I am not
sure that I did grudge it to him; and yet—and yet—
The two days passed all too quickly, and none too
pleasantly. Though we were all companions in ad-
versity, I am sorry to say that our tempers were not
what they should have been. They were frayed. We
snapped at each other when we were not sullenly silent,
or when we were not explaining how this, that, or the
other ought to have been done before the expedition
was undertaken.

  Human nature, I suppose.

  We gave our Trog prisoner his freedom, as we had
no further need of him, but he preferred to stop and
wait upon his king.

  He was a loyalist to the backbone.

  At such intervals as we could get our set to function
properly, we heard fragmentary news from the upper
world.

  The fight against the Trogs was being waged every-
where with enthusiasm, if with fluctuating success. The
enemy had been driven out of Europe, their camp in
the Atlas had been destroyed. They had left Australia,
but were masters of nearly all South America. Hop-
kins had been busy in the States, and with the “dis-
perser” guns he had helped them to build, the U. S.
airmen had chased the Trogs south of Panama.

  The last we heard of Hopkins was that he was with
an air squadron operating in Venezuela.

  The two days’ grace passed off uneventfully, except
for the one frustrated attack made upon us by a band
of the more dissatisfied Trogs.

  They crept up to us during a minimum of the flick-
ering light, dodging from shadow to shadow. Each of
them carried a paralysis tube, and their hope was to
catch us unawares and reduce us to helplessness.

  It was General Hartopp’s turn to be on guard, and
he admits that he was almost asleep when a sudden
rustling, dragging sound near the vessel roused him to
activity. His quick revolver shots woke us all, and now
we found the lead shields we had brought proved their
worth. But for their shelter, their impermeability by
the curious, nerve-numbing violet light, our days would
indeed have been numbered.

  The shields protected us, the attack failed, and the
Trogs drew off sullenly, taking their dead and wounded
with them.

  Let me say here that we never had any inkling of
what the Troglodytes did with their dead. Whether
they cremated them, or buried them in the deep mines,
or desiccated them in chambers filled with poison gas,
we never discovered.

  So we came to the end of our term of grace. It was
still a couple of hours before the actual time limit, but
the great cave and its approaches were already filling
up with a concourse of armed and excited Trogs. Even
to us, it was evident that there were two factions
amongst them—one led by the Elders, who cared more
for the race than for the mere person of the king; and
the other formed of the common herd, who blindly wor-
shipped their sovereign.

  “And the king-worshippers, I’m thankful to see, are
the bigger lot,” said Dick. “Not that it seems to mat-
ter much to us, in our fix.”

  “I’m not sure,” said Hartopp, who was crouching
over his radio, with ear-phones on. “Just listen to this
that’s coming through. Can’t understand it at all, don’t
see how he’s done it, how he could get here in the time;
but I suppose ... oh, dammit!

  “It’s Hopkins, the fellow you dropped on in Sydney,
speaking. This is what he says: ‘Got here and cleared
up the whole caboose. Not a Trog breathing up here,
not a Trog vessel that ain’t smashed. But I’m stuck,
waiting for help. Top of the Outlet—and a God-
forsaken spot it is. If you are still alive and kicking
down at the bottom of that hole, come up slick. Our
machine crashed and crocked up. Hopkins calls—Hop-
THE WORLD AT BAY

813

kins, top of Outlet.’ That’s what he says, as well as I
can put it. And he keeps on calling.”

  “Cleared the crater, come to help us, and then
smashed up himself. Was there ever such rotten luck?”
groaned Dick Martin.

Out of the Darkness

 | MIEN that puts ‘finis’ to the book of our lives,”
 said John Rixon, calmly, despondently, as one
 A who accepts the worst that Fate can do, and is
 not unduly grieved. “My chief regret, Rita, is that you
 are here—when you need not have been "here.”

  Rita did not reply for a few moments. When she
looked up, I caught again that bright gleam in her
eyes—that gleam of hope—of light ahead.

  “And I am glad that I am here, John. Yes, very
glad. What blind bats we are! The way of escape is
open to us now that there is no danger at the top of the
Outlet. What is there to prevent us seizing another
Trog vessel—this empty one alongside for choice—and
going up?”

  “Miss Courtney, you’ve said it!” cried Hartopp.
“We’ve been down in this inferno till our brains—all
of ’em but yours—have gone mouldy! Of course we
go up, and the quicker the better.”

   It was John Rixon’s turn to voice objections, to raise
 difficulties. John Rixon, once the man of iron will, of
 initiative, of action.

  “We have to take the king with us, remember. We
have to rely on the loyalty of his people to save us.
We have to find out whether the vessel we seize is in
working order, if it has enough fuel.”

   “We shall find all those things out when we get to
work—and not before,” said Rita, impatiently. “We
shall find nothing out if we just sit here and talk. Are
we all agreed ? Are we all ready ? There’s no time to
waste, and it may be a matter of getting away by the
skin of our teeth.”

   It was! I sometimes dream of that struggle, that
frantic grasp of the one chance in a thousand that we
took, and, when I wake from that dream, I find myself
bathed in perspiration and gasping.

   We seized our weapons, our lead shields, and as much
 of our personal luggage as we could carry, and jumped
 down from our damaged craft.

   This was, perhaps, the most dangerous moment, for
if the assembling Trogs had caught us in the open, our
end would have been sure. But they were quite unpre-
pared for our move, and before they had recovered
from their surprise, we had all gained our new quarters
—or nearly all of us.

   Hartopp, shepherding the king, urging him along at
revolver point, went first. Dick and I followed. John
and Rita brought up the rear, with our Trog prisoner
following. We told him he need not come, but he
followed.

   There was an outcry, a rush of angry Trogs, a scuf-
 fle, blows, some shots. We who had gained the shelter
 of the air-vessel’s deck, turned to see Rita in the grasp
 of two squat creatures. John shot one through the
 heart, and, as he fell, Rita wrenched herself free, got
 out her flame pistol, and wiped the other out of ex-

 istence. She grasped our outstretched hands and jumped
 for safety.

  Out of the tail of my eye I saw another Trog
levelling his flame pistol. John Rixon saw him at the
same moment. We both sprang forward and pulled
Rita in.

  We should have been too late had not another seen
the danger and acted more promptly than we had done.

  The Troglodyte prisoner leaped upon her attacker
with the swiftness of a tiger’s leap. As he leaped, the
spurt of searing white radiance rushed from the pistol.
The cave was lit by the ghastly glare of the atomic dis-
charge, and when what seemed like darkness followed,
our prisoner had ceased to be, had been burned to ap-
parent nothingness.

  Rita had saved his life when Hartopp would have
made an end of him; he had paid the debt.

   Even Self-Sacrifice had we found in that grim under-
world. Even there, in that night land of horror, the
Spark Divine that is in all things, was working upwards
to the light.

  A scene of pandemonium followed. The party led
by the Elders, uttering grunts of stern command, tried
to reach us, to surround us. They used their flame pis-
tols recklessly, and in the fierce glares of radiance that
stabbed the semi-gloom, many a common Trog looked
his last on the flickering light of his native land.

  But the common herd were too numerous, too fa-
natically loyal, and surged around us in a packed, pro-
tective mass. The flame pistols, deadly as they were,
had one fatal defect—once discharged, they were use-
less until they could be filled again, which was a long
and dangerous process. With all the knowledge we
gained from our brief contact with the Troglodyte
world, we did not learn that secret of releasing the
atomic energy in a lump of quartz crystal.

   Whilst this conflict raged, we were busy inside the
air-vessel. There was certainly some radio-fuel in the
engine, for it started up at once on closing the switches,
but how much we had, how long it would keep going,
we had no idea. It was not wise to probe too much be-
hind the lead sheathing that housed the burning sub-
stance.

  A few trial spurts showed that the lifting screws
were in order. We raised the vessel from the*floor, and
hung in mid-air, throbbing, shaking. The Trogs
gathered under and around, grunting, jabbering,
pointing.

  Ul-Ulfa stood at the side of the deck and looked
down on them. He seemed to make a sudden resolu-
tion, raised his hand and spoke. Nearly every unit in
the crowd bowed in reverence. As well as I can re-
member, this was what he said:

   “People, I go to the upper world, to see it for myself.
It may be that the people of the upper air are too strong
for us. If that be so, I will make peace with them, lest
they destroy us all. Let there be no more war between
us till I return.”

  An answering roar, a babel of cries, of which we
could make no sense, broke out. Hartopp pressed all
the switches down and the vessel leaped up into the
blackness of the great shaft. Our one anxiety now was
814

AMAZING STORIES

whether the power would carry us to the top or not.

Hopkins Tells His Story

STEADILY, slowly, with roaring propellers and
grinding mechanism, the vessel bore us upwards
through the eerie blackness, upwards through the
long, long shaft.

  Once the power failed, or a cog slipped, and we sank
down with a sickening lurch, clutching at each other in
deadly fear; then the vessel began to rise again, and
kept on until we reached the top.

  Once more we breathed the fresh air of heaven, once
more we saw the sun.

  As Hartopp maneuvered for position before alight-
ing alongside the wrecked vessel on which several peo-
ple were clustered, waving their arms and cheering, we,
who had so wonderfully escaped from a living death,
looked long into each other’s eyes.

  “Oh, my friend,” cried Rita, tears running down her
face—tears of joy, of relief—“forgive me! Forgive
me for having taken you down there again.”

  “I’m glad, Rita; glad,” said I. “It is I who need
forgiveness for trying to hold you back. If we had not
saved Dick and John I should never have forgiven
myself.”

  It was with welcome relief that we turned to meet
Hopkins and the American naval captain in charge of
the wrecked air-vessel. Introductions over, our expla-
nations were quickly made. It was no wonder the of-
ficer lifted his neat eyebrows in amazement—our story
sounded miraculous, unreal, even to ourselves.

  Still, it happened to be true, and there we were, and
there was our prisoner, the King of all the Trogs.

  Hopkins was bubbling over with enthusiasm and
pleasure at meeting us again.

  “Say, folk,” he cried, wringing our hands vigorously,
“it’s bully to see you! It was a good thing for me you
two ran up against Jonas T. Hopkins in Sydney. It’s
put me right up amongst the Big Things. It’s helped
me to forget.

  “You are looking at this vessel we were so all-fired
clumsy as to smash up? Gee! It gave us a jolt when
it dropped on these rocks! Yes, it’s a Trog vessel,
same pattern as yours.”

  “I guessed it was, or you wouldn’t have been able to
clear the Outlet,” said John Rixon. “You managed to
bring a wireless outfit as well, I see. Expecting help ?”

  “Any minute. Yes, sirree. No doubt the Big Wigs
will want us to tote His Nibs here across to London to
negotiate peace terms as soon as we can leave a guard in
this abomination of desolation. Lord, what a place!
Hundreds of square miles of steaming, rotting, fester-
ing jungle, rivers and swamps, and in the middle this
patch of torn-up ground like a big shell-hole. And we
haven’t added to the beauty of it by scattering these
dead Trogs around.

  “Yes, folk, I’ve had a busy time since I left Eng-
land. They’d just sent for you to come over from
Paris. They shoved a lot of blueprints into my hands
and put me on an air-liner for little old New York.
Said I wasn’t to worry about the Chink—they weren’t
bothering about extradition, so long as I made myself

scare. It doesn’t seem long, but we’ve done a powerful
lot of hustling in the time. The whole American nation,
sir, got to work on those plans of yours, and they were
making gas-dispersing guns in a dozen places at once,
turning ’em out ready for use in less than forty-eight
hours.

  “We tackled the Trogs first time outside the ruins
of Chicago—some ruins, Lord!—where there was a
big camp of them. Fifteen airplanes they had there.
A lot of our aces went up, heavily armed, and I had a
couple of dispersers handy on fast motor lorries.

  “I guess those Trogs had the surprise of their lives
that day. Only four of ’em troubled to go up to fight
us, thinking to polish us all off in no time with a whiff
of gas. But our men separated—I had told ’em the
lesson of Gibraltar, you bet—and, as fast as their gas
shells burst, we dispersed the stuff. Then a few of our
anti-aircrafts got to work and winged two of the hostile
birds. One of our chaps rammed a third, and the
fourth we riddled with machine-gun fire.

  “This rattled ’em some, I expect, and the whole covey
started up. It was too late. Our fellows had the drop
on them, and settled ’em with a rain of bombs at close
quarters.

  “It was the surprise element that put ‘paid’ to their
account—and that’s no detraction from the smart work
of the U. S. airmen, either. At the end, one of the
Trogs got clear away, and one lame duck fluttered to
the ground and was captured.

  “We repaired her, tried and experimented till we got
the hang of her works, put in a wireless and a couple
of good guns, and headed direct for this spot. After
getting Bennett’s last message, we should have come
anyway, even if he we hadn’t had urgent orders from
headquarters.

  “When we arrived and saw a ring of Trog vessels
squatting round the top of the shaft and a little cloud
of gas floating about in the crater, I can tell you we
were feeling rather peeved.

  “Surprise again. The beggars thought we were one
of their own bunch, and didn’t know any better till we
were right on top of them and our guns began to talk.
Lord! It would have done you good to see the hurry
and scurry. But it was no sort of use. We were above
them, and they couldn’t outfly us. We smashed up the
lot, cleared the gas away, and then came down and
smashed ourselves. And here we are stuck. We could
do no more than radio for help and try to send you
an appeal.

  “Say, I felt pretty bad. Never thought you’d get out
again. Wouldn’t get me down there, not if you were
to make me a multi-Rockefeller. No. Jonas T. Hop-
kins will die in the fresh air!”

  General Hartopp, who had been busy sending and
receiving messages ever since we reached the top, broke
in upon his chatter: “We start for London at the
earliest possible moment, gentlemen. We take every
care of the king en route. A fresh air force will be
here shortly to hold the Outlet.”

  We climbed into our vessel again, and began our long
flight, rushing north-eastward at the highest speed the
Trog vessel was capable of attaining.
THE WORLD AT BAY

815

  Of all the reckless ventures we seemed fated to risk,
surely this was the most reckless, the most utterly rash.
Consider. We were largely ignorant of the mechanics
of the radium engine of our unfamiliar craft. We had
no idea how long the supply of power would last. Of
course, our route was already known, and aerial and
sea convoys would already be on the way to assist us
over the thousands of miles of land and sea, but sup-
posing the power failed while we were over the blue
water 1

  We were well out in mid-Atlantic, temporarily out of
sight of our out-distanced escort, when John Rixon put
our unspoken fear into words.

  “It is to be hoped our engine keeps going,” he said.

  The words were scarcely out of his mouth when the
throbbing of the little motor ceased abruptly. Hori-
zontal and vertical propellers alike came to a standstill,
and the deck seemed to drop from under our feet. It
was like being in a lift going down.

  We were falling into the sea, falling like a stone.
Not a vessel was visible in the circle of angry waters;
not a speck of movement disturbed the blue dome of
the sky.

Routing the Troglodytes

“\70U are getting your wish, Mr. Hopkins!” said
   jf John Rixon, wearily. “You wanted to die in the
   -i- fresh air.”

  “But not in salt water, and not just now,” he re-
torted. “We aren’t done with yet. The General is
S.O.S.-ing for all he’s worth. We have to hang on to
the ribs of this contraption as long as she’ll float. I'm
most worried about His Nibs—he’s scared stiff. Look
out! Everybody hold on!”

  We didn’t need telling. We held on grimly enough.
Dick and Hartopp got hold of Ul-Ulfa, while John
Rixon and myself prepared to help Rita.

  Even in that infinitesimal space of time, all the while
I was conscious of the uprushing waves and the up-
rushing wind, bracing myself for the coming moment ofa
shock, even then I raged inwardly against John Rixon.

  Why should he be here in such a moment as this?
If we were to perish thus, why should he share in the
poor consolation of being with Rita at the last? If
were were to die, why could we not die together, we
two?

  To make it worse, I knew that John Rixon was
thinking much the same about me—and probably with
far greater right. What fools we men are!

  And, after all, there was no need for our precious
heroics, petty jealousies, and panic fears.

  The air-liner that was following caught sight of us
as we fell, for she had only just passed out of eyeshot
the moment before. She launched the small, swift
hydroplane she carried, and we were all picked off
safely before the wrecked Trog vessel had time to
sink.

  That prompt rescue, and the evidence of our differ-
ent sorts of sea and aircraft, our cool confidence, and
the care we took of him, did a lot towards bringing
Ul-Ulfa into a reasonable frame of mind. He was
obviously impressed with our capabilities, and pleased

with our treatment of himself. He was still more
impressed when we took him into London and gave
him a suite of rooms—well guarded, of course—in the
new Hotel Augustus.

  The couple of weeks that followed were busy weeks
for us. We were all in great demand, apart from our
journalistic work. As the only four people in the
world who could talk Troggese, we were told to be
within easy call of the Augustus, and I was also in con-
stant touch with the electrical experts who were per-
fecting the “disperser” apparatus.

  When we had made a disperser gun small enough to
carry on a fighting aeroplane, we felt ready to fight the
Trogs on even better terms than we had been doing;
and when an American inventor cabled that he had dis-
covered the secret of the paralysis ray, and could equip
all our vessels with it, we knew that the war was won,
that the nightmare horror that had threatened mankind
would soon pass away.

  Every day came better and better news from the bat-
tle-fronts. Back towards their first great camp in the
Amazon forest the Troglodytes were driven. America
breathed again, South Africa was in process of re-
construction by the whites.

  Our forces now held the top of the Outlet, and with
the gas bombs found in the nine Trog vessels we had
captured, were quite able to prevent any further on-
rush. But a number of Trog prisoners whom we had
brought to London and confronted with their king,
were given messages and orders by him and sent down
the shaft.

  Messengers were also sent to the Amazon camp, the
last stand of the Troglodytes. They had about a hun-
dred prisoners of ours there, and though they had re-
fused to obey their king’s command to surrender, our
people hesitated to attack them on account of the
prisoners.

  But when, in desperation, this last handful of foes
began raiding again, carrying death and destruction
wantonly over a large area, there was nothing to be
done but annihilate them at any cost.

  I got the story in a letter from Hopkins, dated from .
Buenos Ayres.

  “I’ve been in at the death, folks. We simply had
to clear out that hornets’ nest. They had tasted blood
and got the killing fever. I guess they took as much
notice of their crowned head as a tiger would of a rate
collector. It was a ding-dong affair while it lasted, for
they were desperate—and there were no fewer than
seventeen vessels in their fleet. But we had eight air-
ships, twenty-five bombers and a dozen aerial craft
specially fitted with gas-dispersers, and paralysis tubes.
Then, of course, we had plenty of our own sort of guns.

  “We made that camp look like a volcanic eruption
before we finished, and we smashed up every one of
those seventeen ships. There was one Trog left alive
when we’d done. (You’ll be seeing him in London
now, I expect.) We were a bit worried about the pris-
oners they had, but orders are orders. And we needn’t
have worried. We found they’d all been gassed. . . .

  “So that’s that. You can take it as fact that there
ain’t a Trog left above ground except His Nibs or
816

AMAZING STORIES

Royal Highness, and a few others you have collected.

  “It’s the Trogs underground that worry yours truly
just now. Don’t see exactly what we are going to do
about things. Seems a sort of stalemate. We can hold
the Outlet, of course, but there would always be an
element of danger. We ain’t sure what new deviltries
they may hatch out down there. The king seems O.K.,
but will they go on obeying him?

  “Another thing. What about the radium and poison
gas ore? And the prisoners? Our folks would like
to get a good few lumps of stuff out before we either
bottle ’em up or break off negotiations. I’ve heard
whispers—this is strictly private and confidential, mind
you—that there are certain parties in God’s own coun-
try who would pay several millions for a ton of pure
radium and a few hundred-weights of ready-prepared
radio-engine fuel. (Big Men they are, so it isn’t healthy
to spill the beans.) Well, now, so long for the moment.

  “You might tell Miss Courtney—though I expect it’s
no blamed use—that I’m still very much a widower, but
quite ready to get into harness again. I don’t believe
there’s her equal in this whole wide world. Mr. Max
Harding, you’re a lucky dog!”

  Cryptic, to say the least of it. That he was a victim
I knew well enough, but what did he mean by that
final remark? Probably nothing, after all, except that
he envied me my continued association with Rita. And
all the time I was telling myself that, for my own peace
of mind, I ought to see less of her.

  The very next day I had a telephone call from Gen-
eral Hartopp.

  “Come over to War Office at once. We’ve got to
take his Troglodyte Majesty back to his own country.
Bring Dick Martin along. I’ve already rung up Rixon.

Ul-Ulfa’s Farewell

WHAT was the reason of this sudden decision?
Did it mean another descent into the nether
world? I collared Dick, pushed him into a
taxi, and asked him what he thought.

  “Not surprised at all, old bean. For one thing, His
Nibs has had the ‘flu’ so often that I expect he’s lost
faith in our medicine men and wants to go back to his
own witch-doctors. It was rumored last week that
he’d got scarlet fever. Say, Max, they don’t want to
include Rita in his guard of honor, do they? If they
do, it’s you and me to say no to that.”

  “She’s the best speaker of Troggese of all the lot
of us,” said I. “But you haven’t told me what you
think of this business. Will they want us to go down
again, and, if so, what are we to do about it?”

  “They’ll never get me down again—nor Rita, if* I
can help it,” asserted Dick. “I may not have a ghost
of a chance of winning her myself—” He stopped,
looked me in the face, and grinned sheepishly. “I’ve
let it out now, have I ? Well, I dare say you knew, you
lucky dog! Anyhow, as I was saying, I’m not going
to let Rita Courtney be sent down there.”

  “I’m not too flattered at being called a lucky dog,” I
muttered. “I think I know who ought to be. Eh ? Oh,
never mind, old pal. At all events, I’m with you. Rita
isn’t going down into the nether world again if we can

help it. We must prevent it at any or all costs.”

  We got our orders at the War Office without delay.
There had been plenty of international confabbing, and
everything was settled.

  The Trogs had refused to agree to the terms of peace
offered. They would not even consider them as long
as we held their king a prisoner.

  He had volunteered to return, to try to persuade his
people to the wiser course.

  He would be sent back to the Outlet under suitable
escort, which we four, in our various capacities as
journalists and interpreters, were invited to join. He
would be sent down the shaft in a Trog vessel, manned
entirely by Trogs, and within a week would send us
an answer confirming or rejecting the terms.

  The conditions of peace were harsh, but inflexible.

  The Troglodytes must cease all hostilities; they must
send up all prisoners; they must pay us a yearly tribute
of radium ore; they must lend us their best chemists
and engineers and instruct our people in all their dis-
coveries and inventions; their world must be open to
periodic visits by safeguarded parties of our people;
the top and bottom of the Outlet must be garrisoned
and held by us; there must be neither comings nor go-
ings between the two worlds except by special permis-
sion of our General War Council.

  If the Troglodytes refused these conditions, or agreed
and broke their agreement afterwards, our General War
Council would close the Outlet after invading their
world, disarming them, and bringing up the prisoners.

  “It sounds like a gigantic bluff to me,” said Rixon,
as we came away from the meeting and went to make
our arrangements for the following day’s start. “I
don’t see any invasion being successful. Why, the
Trogs could retire for hundreds of miles into their
honeycomb wilderness, and fill the cave below the Out-
let with such a sea of deadly gas that our folk would
be snuffed out before they could get the dispersing ap-
paratus to work. I tell you it’s sheer bluff.”

  “Nevertheless our chaps mean business,” said Har-
topp. “It’s all cut and dried. The king himself quite
expects it, if he can’t bring his squat devil’s imps to
reason. Suppose Miss Courtney and yourselves will
all be coming along? If I weren’t married—! She
would make a splendid wife for a soldier. But some
folks are lucky dogs!”

  I was really getting fed up with that inane phrase.
I did not even reply to the gallant General. And
Rixon, glowering at both of us, was equally dumb.

  The return to the upper world, to the fresh air and
sunlight, to his normal work, had enabled John Rixon
to make a good recovery of health. He was almost his
own virile, determined self again, though everyone
could see that his quite excusable breakdown rankled.
He had not really forgiven himself.

  Across a sunny world that breathed in peace once
more, we took Ul-Ulfa, the King of the Trogs.

  A Troglodyte messenger had been sent down the
Outlet to herald his return, and in the cool of an
Amazon dawn we saw him step aboard one of his own
vessels, manned by a crew of his own people.

When it came to bidding him farewell, after all the
THE WORLD AT BAY

817

official bits were over, we found ourselves strangely
moved.

  I had never imagined that there would be any pangs
of regret at parting with this squat figure in coarse
garments; this white, sickly-faced creature, who wore
disfiguring dark goggles and shivered at the least
breeze; this being who was king of the brutes; who
had devastated so much of our world.

  Yet it was with real regret that we saw him go. He
had always been reasonable, far in advance of his sub-
jects, quick to see, to learn, to appreciate. Since his
capture he had come to rely for everything upon us—
upon the only four humans who could talk to him. A
bond of pity, of sympathy, even of liking, scarcely re-
alized until this moment, had grown around us.

  With his clammy, misshapen hands he gripped ours
in the way he had learned, parting with us gravely,
quietly, one by one. Even he, I fancied, held Rita’s
hands longer than he held any of ours. Was he think-
ing of Ulla, I wonder—Lila, who had been stolen from
him by luckless Ulf!

  He stood up, as the engine began to throb and spoke.

  “People of the Upper Air,” he said—I am translat-
ing it as nearly as possible into English—“People of the
Upper Air, I go back to my defeated race. I go to
make peace between your people and my people. I go
to tell them that they cannot stand against you. I go
to tell them of your numbers, of your power, of your
determination, of the kindness you have shown to me,
of the diseases that will come upon them in this upper
world of blazing light and piercing cold.

  “It may be that the people will not listen to me—
that the stubborn Elder Councillors will have poisoned
their minds against me. I will return within the seven
days, with peace, if it be possible. It may be that I
shall not return. It may be that I shall speak in vain,
that already another king may rule over my world. If
I do not return with the time, know that I have failed,
that I may have died the death.

  “People of the Upper Air, farewell!”

  The vessel rose, hovered, found position, and sank
out of sight into the yawning blackness of the Great
Shaft.

The Trust Raid

HERE was now nothing to do but wait.

  Not one of us wished to return till the decision
was made known, so we stayed and investigated
South America. Our experiences were very enjoyable,
as, in a Troglodyte vessel, we soared over the Andes
and over the boundless wastes of the Amazon hinter-
land. We visited the Cuzco, that mystery city of the
ancient Incas, and marveled afresh at the daring of
the Spanish pioneers, who penetrated the country, a
mere handful of men, and destroyed one of the most
promising civilizations the world has ever seen.

  We saw the ruins of the old Inca temples and
towns, the remnants of their wonderful roads, of their
marvelous industry. Where now a few slave-peons
scratch a precarious living from a bare land, thousands
of Indians fared well on the produce of their irrigated
soil, their terraced hills. The Spaniards found Peru

  an empire run on socialist lines, an empire in which
every man’s living was guaranteed from birth to death,
an empire where poverty was unknown; they left it
to become capitalistic, republican, a land of contrasts.

  But, of course, this has nothing to do with my story.
Turn up the files of the Daily Scoop if you want to
know more about our aerial holiday!

  We were at Lima when the disquieting news came
that made us pack up hurriedly and start back for the
Outlet.

  It was a brief radiogram from Hopkins.

  “Better come over if you want another scoop. People

I	mentioned after radium. Sort of raid. Hustle!”

  We got more news on our way back, but it was all
very nebulous. A party of business men, with secre-
taries and hangers-on, had arrived at the Outlet camp
in a big air-liner they had chartered.

  Rumors were flying about that they intended trying
to get down into the underworld, that they had formed
a syndicate to exploit the radium ore they hoped to
bring up—sensational rumours—but the party affected
to laugh at such ideas.

  They were just sightseers, they said, with a special
permit from Washington. No need for anybody to
worry.

  “All the same,” said Rixon, I don’t like the look of
things. They must have a strong pull at headquarters
to be allowed here at all. Some of those Big Business
Syndicates won’t stop at anything. Look at the chaps
back of the bootleggers. It’s all a question of dollars
with them. They would get more power and profit out
of half a ton of radium than out of all the rotten alco-
hol they’ve sold in defiance of the Liquor Laws.”

  “Still, I don’t see how they are going to ‘get away
with it’ in face of the international force holding the
Outlet,” said Dick Martin. “They won’t have a chance
to get down, and if they get down, I’m sure we shall
nab them when they come up. Dollars can do a lot, I
know, but somehow I don’t see the World’s General
Council knuckling under to a gang of financial bus-
caneers.”

  “Don’t be too sure, Dicky,” put in Rita. “The ex-
ploits of the rum runners in defiance of two Govern-
ments ought to prepare us for anything. But we shall
soon see for ourselves.”

  We arrived at the top of the Outlet—that strange
area of brown desolation in the steaming green sea
of the Amazon jungle—soon after, but we did not see
what happened.

  We were just too late, we heard.

  Hopkins met us as we stepped to the ground. His
face was as long as a fiddle.

  “They’ve done it. folks! Done it, right under our
noses. Gone down after the loot. And they mean to
get it too. I tell you I’m ashamed—I, Jonas T. Hop-
kins, an American citizen — I’m ashamed of our
country, though there’s one Scottie and one Dago in
the bunch.”

  “But did they manage it?” I asked. “They came
in an air-liner. That wouldn’t be any use in the shaft.”

  “They were pretty smart, I’ll allow,” replied Hop-
kins, a note of grudging admiration in his voice.
818

AMAZING STORIES

  “They were a biggish party, and the top men, the
ringleaders, are here yet, going around shedding
crocodile tears in floods. They never expected any-
thing of the sort, of course; all the rumors that had
got about were just hot air, pulling our legs, and so
on. I guess they are waiting to see what eventuates.
If the raid comes off, you’ll see this lot of surprised
saints as the principal stockholder in the Great Radium
Trust. If the thing fails—well, of course, they’ll
calmly disown their poor tools. Mind you, they are
Open and above-board. They’ve told the Press that
they are disgusted with Governmental leniency and de-
lay ; they think the Trogs ought to be exterminated and
the underworld thrown open to commercial exploita-
tion.”

  “But how did they get down ?”

  “Took us absolutely by surprise, late last night. We
never expected their move. Whilst the big-bugs were
having a talkee-talkee in the General’s mess-tent, the
active members seized one of the Trog vessels and just
went. One of ’em, it appears, had experimented in
the controls of a Trog ’plane captured in Mexico.
They’re a reckless crush—some of ’em been in the
bootlegging business, and others very talented crooks
and gunmen.

  “Of course, directly we saw the ’plane in the air
we guessed what was wrong, but it was too late then.
We called to them to stop, but they laughed and shouted
that they were going down to see Hell for themselves—-
‘going to make it hot for the devils 1’ one of them yelled
—and anybody who tried to stop them would get hurt.
Somehow, they had smuggled a machine gun aboard.
As I remarked, we were all so paralyzed, so absolutely
taken aback, that we just did nothing till it was too
late. By the time we had gathered our addled wits,
they had dropped out of sight down the shaft.

  “That’s eighteen hours ago, and we’ve seen nothing,
heard nothing, of them.”

  “What is your opinion General?” asked Rita, as
Hartopp came over to greet us.

  “Orders from the War Council are to wait another
day before taking action. You see, one of the terms
of the armistice was that we were not to make any use
of the shaft, or to interfere with the Troglodytes in
any way, until the expiration of the week’s grace we
had given the king.

  “This foolish raid may upset everything down there.
It’s damnable.”

  Hartopp was bitterly aggrieved.

  “And if you hear nothing in twenty-four hours?”
“Then I’ve got to send somebody down to learn
something,” was his curt reply. “Somebody who can
talk to the Trogs.”

  We four who shared that dangerous accomplishment
glanced uneasily at each other.

John Rixon Decides

O	go down into that awful hole again, to re-visit
hat horrible land of gloom !

  “I thought I was brave,” said Rita, “but I can’t,
I can’t face that ghastly world again.”

  “My dear lady,” said the General, “I can assure you

that you need have no fear. I will see to that. Nor do
I think it fair to call upon Mr. Martin, after the im-
prisonments he suffered there. The choice is really
between Mr. Harding and Mr. Rixon. There may be
no need to send either of them, of course; but if the
need arises I shall leave it to them to decide.”

  I must confess that this very diplomatic speech gave
me a queer “sinking” sensation in the internal regions
of my anatomy. It was too patently indicative; it nar-
rowed the choice down so obviously: it pointed so
clearly to me.

  Rita and Dick ruled out, there was really no choice
left. After John Rixon’s noble work for the prisoners
—work that had made him a wreck and had left its
mark on him still—no one could possibly ask him to
imperil himself again, to re-visit those harrowing
scenes.

  No; the choice was no choice at all. The finger of
fate pointed to Max Harding. And Max Harding
didn’t like the prospect.

  There was even more than that behind Hartopp’s
clever shuffling out of responsibility. He knew that
he had no chance with Rita himself, or only a poor
chance; he saw the possibility of eliminating one of his
most dangerous rivals; he would not compromise him-
self in her eyes by deliberately appearing to get one
of us out of the way.

  I may be wrong in imputing this to the gallant soldier,
but instinct is a pretty sure guide in these matters
after all.

  Anyhow, if General Hartopp and any other man had
been the only obstacle between Rita Courtney and my-
self, if I had been assured that with them out of the
way she were mine for the asking, I would cheerfully
have sent them to the South Pole or urged them to
climb Mount Everest.

  You see, I’m brutally candid! I’ve put down just
what I felt at the moment.

  Of course I said there need be no trouble. John
Rixon could not be asked, and therefore I held myself
at the General’s orders, should my services be needed.

  Rita made an impulsive movement, bit her lip as
though checking a hasty word, and remained silent.

  “Very good of you, Harding,” began the General.
“I always prefer volunteers for the V.C. jobs.”

  “Just a moment,” said John Rixon, coolly. “As Mr.
Harding’s senior, I’ve a word to put in.”

  Again Rita was about to speak, and again she checked
the impulse.

  “I’ve something very definite to say,” Rixon went
on. “If anyone must go down, I will go. There’s no
use discussing it. I am quite the best Troggese speaker;
I have the longest and most useful experience of the
Troglodytes and their ways. Please regard it as
settled.”

  “Don’t quarrel over it and force a decision upon me,”
said Hartopp, clearly annoyed. “That’s all I ask. In
any case, I shall call upon one of you to-morrow, if we
have by then received no news of the raiders.”

  I protested, Dick very half-heartedly volunteered but
John Rixon was firm.

  And when twenty-four hours had passed without a
THE WORLD AT BAY

819

sign from the nether world, it was John Rixon who
stepped aboard a Trog vessel, together with a Trog
prisoner to help work it.

  He did not seem at all troubled or worried.

  “I daresay I shall bring them up—the whole thing
will have fizzled out. They will have seen enough to
make them give up the mad idea, and they’ll be glad
to be rescued. Well, good-bye for the present. See
you again soon.”

  He waived his hand cheerfully as the vessel sank
out of sight.

  For us, left above, there was nothing to do but wait
and watch.

  The news of the Trust Raid had flashed around the
world, and we lived those two long days of suspense
in constant wireless touch with the General Council.
The Big Business men, who, we were morally sure had
organized the raid, were put under arrest, but they did
not seem greatly troubled.

  “It’s as I told you,” said Hopkins. “They are really
injured innocents. They’ll be sure to have left nothing
in writing anywhere, and there will be no witnesses
to the verbal instructions given to the poor boobs who
went down to pull the chestnuts out of the fire. You
will see the plutocrats are O.K.”

  To anticipate, I may as well state here that Hopkins
was right. No evidence connecting our financier pris-
oners with the raid was ever discovered—at least, no
such evidence was ever made public or reported in the
Press—and they were eventually set at liberty.

  Two days after his descent, a vessel was heard com-
ing up the shaft, and when it reached the top, John
Rixon stepped out.

  His clothes were soiled, his hands were grimy, a
hideous Troglodyte gas mask hung from his neck. His
face was haggard.

       A New Menace

E crowded round him as he stepped to the
ground. With a weary gesture he motioned us
away. “Give me a bit of time,” he said. “A
wasK and brush up, and that sort of thing. I’ll talk
later. I can tell you this: the raiders are wiped out.”

  We got the full story from him in the General’s
mess-tent that evening.

  “Those crooks have not only lost their lives: they
Have endangered the Peace Treaty; they may cost Ul-
Ulfa his life. They have spoilt everything with their
rapacious commercial greed,” he said. “When I got
down, the whole underworld was in an uproar. It was
like dropping into a wasps’ nest. Everywhere the rocks
resounded with signal tappings and the cave-tunnels
roared with the passage of airliners. I was surrounded
and seized at once by a lot of very angry Trogs. I
thought I was done for.

  “Fortunately, the king happened along in the nick
of time. He had a lot of trouble with his subjects,
but managed to persuade them at last that I was merely
a harmless, useful messenger. Quite a lot of them
would cheerfully have shot me out of hand.

  “When things had calmed down a little, I got news
of the raiders. It appeared that they had come safely

down the shaft and taken the Trogs completely by sur-
prise. Evidently some member of the party had a keen
nose for details and a retentive mind, for they seemed
to know their way about. Read up all our adventures
carefully I expect.

  “They flew across the great cavity and along the
passage leading to the underground sea. There they
had a snappy fight with a Trog ’plane and sank it; then
they flew over the poison gas works, dropping a few
high explosive shells, and eventually reached the
prisoners’ camp.

  “By this time the whole Trog world was thoroughly
roused, and naturally, they were very indignant at what
they could only regard as a breach of faith on our part.

  “They attacked the raiders in force, but were kept
at bay for a long time by the dispersal of the gas they
used. The raiders, who had brought some machine-
guns along, armed a number of prisoners, and with
these made an attempt to reach the low levels of the
radium mines. I’m not very clear how far they went,
but one thing is certain—not a man of that particular
party returned.

  “Then, realizing hastily that they had simply gone
into a trap, the remnant of the raiders made a desperate
endeavor to return.

  “It was, of course, utterly hopeless.

  “They managed to cross the sea again, but they never
reached the bottom of the Outlet. When they were
in the narrowest part of a tortuous tunnel-way, the
phosphorescent light was quenched. In the pitch dark-
ness they ran aground, crashing into the rock wall,
and there a wave of poison gas caught them, shrivelling
them to dried mummies. I was taken to the spot and
saw the wreck and the bodies.”

  “Had they tried to bring out any of the prisoners ?”
asked Rita.

  “There wasn’t a dead prisoner amongst them. They
had tried to save themselves—they left the prisoners
to their fate. And from what I heard, there are still
some three hundred unhappy souls down there.”

  “Can’t we do anything to help?” Dick asked.

  “I’m really afraid that all we can do for them is—
just nothing,” was Rixon’s reply. “Nothing, that is,
except hope for the making of a Peace Treaty. Ul-Ulfa
is honestly doing his best for a settlement, but this raid
has strengthened the hands of the Elders considerably.

  “From merely regarding our humanity as a profit-
able slave supply, the militant Trogs are now actively
and malignantly hostile. They see their dream of con-
quest and survival melting away; they see the deadly
mines on which their power depends falling into dis-
use for want of labor; they fear the diseases of our
world if they should be compelled to go on fighting us,
or we should be allowed to travel down there.

  “Speaking without being a medical authority, I
should say the king himself will die of consumption.”
“Then what shall we report to headquarters? Are
the Trogs likely to agree to our terms?”

  General Hartopp spoke sharply. He sensed, as we
had done before, when listening to John Rixon telling
bad news, that there was more behind, that the worst
had not been mentioned.
820

AMAZING STORIES

  "The king has asked for another day’s grace,” was
Rixon’s answer.

  “As a matter of fact, he sent me up in a hurry to
obtain that respite, as well as to get me out of danger.
I only escaped by a miracle. The Trogs are in open
revolt, fighting is going on amongst them, and poison
gas, flame discharges and nerve paralyzing rays are
making the Outlet Cave very unhealthy. Ul~Ulfa has
got his back to the wall, and personally I think he is a
doomed man. I think the Elders will win, that there
will be no Peace Treaty.”

  “And then what?” the General snapped. “Out with
it man!”

  John Rixon had a slightly bewildered air. The
gloom and horror of the underworld had shaken him
more than he cared to admit.

  “I can’t tell what we may expect then,” he said at
length. “Even U1 Ulfa, trying to warn me, was in-
definite, nebulous. There were rumors and hints pass-
ing along, grunted from Trog to Trog, rapped out on
the walls. If the Elders won, they would ‘make an
end’ of all trouble. They would ‘undo the deed of the
outbreak.’ They had power at command, these terrible
wise men of the race, such as the people did not under-
stand. There were secrets in the deep earth as yet
known but to few. And these powers and these secrets
would be used mercilessly. The Troglodytes would
never be subjects to an alien race.

  “Finally Ul-Ulfa told me that it would be well for
us to leave the Outlet—to return home.”

  “Then you think there’s some sort of danger here?”
asked Rita thoughtfully.

  “I’m sure of it, and yet I can’t give it a name,” was
Rixon’s gloomy response. “I am even more sure of
this: we must make our quarters on board the Trog
aeroplane, so as to be ready for instant flight. We had
better go aboard at once. You had better get all your
men on their various craft, too, General.”

  “We shall remain in camp till the time of grace ex-
pires,” said Hartopp, somewhat stiffly. “ I don’t see
what can possibly harm us here.”

  Hartopp was a decent man, but he had a Brass Hat
mentality.

A World Forever Sealed

IMPRESSED by Rixon’s vague warning, perhaps
impressed the more by reason of its vagueness, we
four journalists took up our abode on the Trog-
lodyte vessel which Hartopp placed at our disposal,
where Hopkins joined us later.

  A couple of hours before the armistice was due to
expire, driven by an increasing uneasiness, we took
the vessel into the air and cruised about back and forth
across the top of the Shaft. It was a clear sun-
drenched day, humidly hot at earth level, refreshingly
cool in the higher atmosphere. The smoke of the camp
fires and mosquito smudges curled lazily in the air.
The great, brown, broken expanse of the Outlet, dotted
with its white tents and the twenty grounded air-ships
that had brought the garrison of nearly two hundred
picked men to the spot, lay beneath us like a huge deep
basin.

  “A picture of rest and peace,” Rita was saying. “And
yet what a picture of past force! What a tremendous
volume of energy must have been released to tear out
these square miles of raw earth from the thick forest!
And then the work of boring the shaft, miles up from
the nether world.”

  “Boring the Shaft was easy in one way,” said Rixon.
I heard about that. It was done with a flame dis-
charge, such as they use in their once-only pistols. A
great stream of released atomic force—a force that
dissolves all solids, on contact, into invisible vapour—
was directed upwards through the rocks and formed the
long, straight, round shaft to within a certain distance
of the top. For the final burst, an explosive, more
violent than anything we know, had to be used, and
then the flame discharge was used again to clear the
Shaft of debris.”

  “Then the Trogs could break out anywhere they darn
well please! Oh, Lord,” groaned Hopkins.

  “Not exactly,” was Rixon’s reassuring reply. “To
begin with, the cave below the Outlet happens to be the
very highest point, the nearest to the surface, in all
their world. And in the second place, the flame dis-
charge, the atomic energy used, is so arduous to make,
so difficult to handle on such an enormous scale, that
it is doubtful whether they could accumulate sufficient
power for a similar feat in a hundred years.”

  “Ul-Ulfa told me himself that the great project had
been the work of many generations of patient prepara-
tion. About the supply of explosive he was not sure.”
“They have plenty of gas, at any rate!” cried Dick,
suddenly. “Look at the top of the Outlet! Thought
I was mistaken at first, but I wasn’t. Coming up
thicker now. It will be smoking like a chimney
directly.”

  Volumes of dark vapor were now pouring from the
core of the Outlet, spreading out in all directions, evi-
dently forced up by strong pressure from below.

  We immediately trained our dispersing rays upon it,
thinning it, destroying it, but still it poured out in roll-
ing clouds, thicker, faster, seemingly inexhaustible.
Faster than we could annihilate it, that dark cloud grew,
spreading out from the centre like a fungus growth.

  We signalled the garrison, and when their dispersers
got to work, we managed to keep the deadly stuff within
reasonable limits. Still it poured out continuously. It
needed all our energies, all our resources, to hold it in
check.

  “Hartopp will have to evacuate the position after all,
I’m afraid,” said Rixon. “Pity he has turned so stub-
born. I dare say he feels that there has been quite
enough civilian advice and interference in this affair

already. Ah! It’s thinning at last! It is getting-”

  He never finished that sentence.

  The catastrophe burst upon us with terrifying
abruptness, with appalling violence.

  A torch of fire, fierce and glowing even in the sun-
light, shot from the top of the Outlet. Had we been
directly in its path, our vessel and ourselves would have
vanished like a speck of dust in a candle flame.

  It sank, then burst out again, and just as Rixon
pressed the lever that sent our vessel upwards in a
THE WORLD AT BAY

821

frantic leap for safety, the whole vast surface of the
oasis appeared to rise in the air. It rushed up to us,
a heaving, straining, conical mountain, stretching out
greedy sprays of matter, fountains of soil, clutching
fingers of hissing flame to seize us, to overwhelm us,
to drag us down.

  It was as though the earth, flaming and smoking, had
burst open.

  The vast area of upheaval sank back as swiftly as it
had arisen. The terrible roar of the explosive jarred
every atom of the air, shook every plate and bolt on
our vessel, tortured our ear-drums into a silence of
exquisite pain.

  Of the camp and the air-ships, of General Hartopp
and his garrison, not a trace was left amongst the
smoking area of desolation.

  Then the dust cloud smothered us, fast as we were
rising, and the sun glowed dimly red through the hot
and gritty swirls of pungent vapor.

  “Another few minutes and we should be out of
this,” I said, choking and coughing. Even as I spoke,
the lifting screws stopped, the engine ceased its throb-
bing beat.

  The vessel began to fall. We were dropping through
that dense sea of dust into, that basin of death where
the ruptured earth smoked and reeked with poison
fumes.

The Bitter Hour

WE had no time to talk, precious little time to
act. We hastily put on our masks and braced
ourselves to meet the shock of the coming
crash. I do not think one of us expected to live many
moments.

  Our sudden upward leap at the instant of the great
explosion, had put an undue strain on the engine, and
the concussion of the upheaval had been the finishing
touch. The main gear had broken, piercing the lead
sheathing, and through the rent, the radio-energy had
poured, eating a great hole in the vessel’s side.

  We braced ourselves for the inevitable end, but to
our surprise, we came to rest safely. Shaken, tumbled,
bruised, but safe. The explosion had literally pul-
verised a great area of earth, piling it in soft heaps that
were still slipping and slithering to a common level.
Upon one of these heaps we fell, the vessel burying
itself and us.

  It was hot, uncomfortable, frightening, but we were
alive, unhurt. We scrambled out, cleared a part of the
ship’s deck, and looked about us.

  “Might have been worse, partners,” said Hopkins,
cheerfully. “We ought to have known we should light
on something cushiony. We shall all have to die in
our beds of old age—no other way of finishing us!
Poor old Hartopp! If he hadn’t been so all-fired
mulish. A right good guy he was too, outside of his
red-tape. Now for the wireless. If that’s in order,
all we have to do is to send out an S.O.S. and wait
for relief.”

  “I fancy we can take off these sickly masks now,”
said Rita. “The wind is blowing the dust and smoke
away. That’s better. What a scene! What a chaos!

I should think the force of that upheaval must have
been felt for hundreds of miles, and picked up by all
the seismographic stations in the world.”

  (As a matter of fact that was so. The concussion
was registered all over the globe, and the movements
of the recording stylus on the drums were only pa-
ralleled by the hitherto mysterious earth tremor of
September 19, 1936. That, as we now know, was
caused by the original outbreak of the Trogs.)

  “I think, said John Rixon, trying hard to keep all
trace of emotion out of his voice, “that we can safely
say the Troglodyte menace is at an end. This ex-
plosion, which has destroyed the Outlet shaft and sealed
them up in their gloomy world for ever, means that the
Elders have triumphed over the king. In their fierce
rage against us, they have preferred to be forever cut
off from the upper air. For they will never make
another sally; of that I’m convinced.”

  “And they know it would be hopeless, for we should
be ready for them and could fight them on equal terms,”
said Dick. “But can’t we ever get down? Are the
prisoners to be left there, to be worked to death by
the Trogs?”

  Rixon nodded gloomily.

  “We can’t help them. Not all our scientific skill
could bore a shaft one tenth of that distance down.
No; we have seen the last of the Troglodytes, the last
of their world. In my opinion, long before they have
prepared sufficient radio-energy to cut out the shaft
again, they will have perished. The prisoners will soon
be used up, the disease germs that have been carried
down there will spread rapidly.

  “It sounds archaic to suggest it now, but I really
and truly believe that the Troglodytes will die because
of their wrongdoing. Their sin has found them out
. . . . Now, what about ourselves?”

  “The wireless seems to function after a fashion,”
said Dick. “It was fortunate we installed a set on
every captured vessel. I hope they come for us soon.
I’m tired of South America; Home for me.”

  Well, we were picked up the next day by an air-
liner, and turned our faces homewards.

  If we had been important, notorious, lionized before,
we were now painfully popular. As journalists, we
ought to have been having the time of our lives, but
our experiences had shaken us all, and there is such
a thing as having a surfeit of success.

  The General Council dealt most handsomely with
me in the matter of my invention. In fact, all of us,
including Jonas P. Hopkins, received very generous
treatment from a grateful world.

  But there is really no need to go into all those de-
tails. They did not vitally interest me. I accepted the
kudos and the cash gladly enough, of course, but I did
not look upon them as my reward.

  My real reward, the real joy that alone could make
my nightmare experiences seem really worth while,
was something quite different from financial success or
worldly fame.

  So, with a flower in my buttonhole, I sallied forth
to see Rita at her dainty little flat one gorgeous Sunday
afternoon; for we still lingered in London; we had
822

AMAZING STORIES

earned our holiday. My way lay across the Green
Park. Nearly at the further gate I saw a familiar
figure ahead, and, quickening my pace, overtook John
Rixon.

  He started, seemed uneasy, walked briskly on.

  “Sorry to scoot off, Harding. Fact is, I’m going
to see Rita. Had a note from her last night. I know
how you feel, so I can’t ask you for congrats, if all goes
well. Don’t let this come between us, though, after
what we’ve all shared together.”

  We shook hands, he hurried off, and I dropped into
a seat. I sat there a full hour, the blackest and most
bitter hour of all my life.

I Learn the Truth at Last

I SAT there in the gay sunshine, a stricken man.

I felt as though I had been clubbed into a sort of
sensitive insensibility.

  Of course, I ought to have known; I should have
expected this. Had I not seen John and Rita together
often enough? Had I not had sufficient warning?
Should I not have been better occupied writing the story
of our adventures or experimenting in my workshop,
than sitting in the Green Park like a moon-struck loon ?

  We are not yet so far removed from the primal
beasts from whom we have inherited our clumsy bodies.
The ape and tiger are strong in us yet. Convention,
habit, the sense of futility, kept me sitting there in-'
active, but in the heart of me I raged with a fierce
passion; in my thoughts I murdered John Rixon over
and over again.

  Somebody spoke my name, and John Rixon stood
before me. In some way he had changed within the
hour, and yet his face was calm, impassive.

  “I’ve a message for you, Harding,” he said. “Rita
wishes to see you at once; she insists on seeing you.”

  “I don’t know that I will go,” said I, sullenly. “You
can tell me yourself, can’t you?”

  John Rixon hesitated, opened his mouth, shut it
again with a snap. I was turning away when he seized
my arm in a fierce grasp.

  “Harding, you will go to her! She wishes it. She
made me promise to send you. She has something to
say to you—something that must be said. Don’t be a
fool, man!”

  He spoke harshly, dominantly; his will was stronger
than mine.

  “All right,” I said, ungraciously. “As you both make
such a point of it, I’ll go. Though, for the life of me,

THE

I don’t see the sense of being so mysterious. Why not
blurt it out yourself, and wait for the hypocritical com-
pliments I should have to throw at you ?”

  John Rixon was about to reply—and once more he
choked back whatever it was he would have said. He
smiled a twisted sort of smile, turned on his heel with-
out a word, and strode off down the sunny path.

*	* * * *

  Rita rose to greet me with a grace of charm and
manner that no other woman I have known, possesses.

  “I shouldn’t have come,” I said, “if Rixon hadn’t
been so insistent that you wished it. I suppose I have
to congratulate him and wish you every happiness ?

  “Poor old John,” said Rita, pensively, “I knew he
would be coming to see me soon, so I sent for him, and
we faced the facts—faced them as a modern man and
woman should.

   “John took it very well. He has the finest, noblest
character of all the men I know. My happiness, he
said—and he meant it—was his chief consideration.
It hurt me, hurt me horribly, to tell him the truth.”
Was I hearing aright?

  “You mean-?”

  “I mean, dear Max, that I had to hurt poor John.
I told him that I admired him, respected him, even
loved him in a way, but that I loved someone else such
a lot more, and in such a different way!”

  “Then—Rita—dearest. Rita—you sent for me to
tell me this ?

  “Because you wouldn’t come and ask me, you old
stupid! Couldn’t you see that good old John was so
much of a friend, of a pal, that he could never be
anything else? Did you ever hear of Eyes and No
Eyes ? Did—did—.

  “And yet,” said I, mockingly, “I am stupid, slow,
and shortsighted, whilst John Rixon has the finest,
noblest character of all the men you know.”

   “But then, Max, I don’t love you for your character.
You are very ordinary and full of faults. I love you
just because you are you!”

  The world has seemed a fairer place and life has
been well worth living since Rita Courtney shared her
destiny with mine. From the beginning it must have
been decreed that we should come together, we two;
and if it be true that life is eternal, that there is no
death, then we two shall assuredly go forward—
always together.

END

J/ffE have published many Four Dimensional stories,
'' both in the Quarterly and the Monthly, but we un-
hesitatingly state, that the present story is, without ex-
ception, the best one we have ever published along these
lines.

  This is the sort of story you will read and re-read dur-
ing the months to come, and you will never get quite
enough of it. And what is more, this is a story that will
make you think.

  Every high school and every physics teacher and pro-

fessor will wish his class to read this story, due to the
most excellent astronomical data contained in it. This
story not only contains excellent astronomy, but excellent
physics as well.

  The theme is as good or even better than Jules Verne’s
famous classic, “Around the World in Eighteen Days."
Indeed, it parallels that story in cleverness and in the
same sort of unusual clever ending.

  In addition to all of this, it is an unusually good inter-
planetarian story, and we know that it will be joyfully
received by every scientifiction fan.

This story is published in the Fall edition of AMAZING STORIES QUARTERLY

Now on sale at all newsstands
 5&FIFTH DIMENSION

 'Ey Clare 'WinderHarris

Author of: “The Miracle of the Lily,” and “The Menace of Mars.”

“Ellen, it was the 8:15, and I have been on it in the other
cycles of time. I know it now."

i

          jHY, this has happened before!” I cried as
          I poured my husband a third cup of coffee.

             John laid down the morning paper and
          shrieked with laughter.

               “I’ll say it has, and it’s liable to happen
again tomorrow morning!

Did you ever know me to	■■

drink fewer than three cups
of coffee at breakfast,

Ellen?”

“Oh, you don’t know
what I mean,” I responded,
a trifle irritably. “I have
reference to that feeling
that we all have occasion-
ally; that the identical set
of circumstances that sur-
round us has existed before
in some remote eon of
time.”

“Fiddlesticks!” ejaculated

Tlf HAT makes a premonition? It seems to be a proven
fact that some people, some time, have a feeling of
dread of an event about to occur, which they, themselves,
cannot explain.

  Very frequently, also, it happens that one has the impres-
sion that some time in the dim past, there was a similar oc-
currence. It happens to many of us ivhen we visit a strange
place that we positively know we have never seen before or
have never been near. Yet, we feel that we know it quite
intimately, and there is something about it that makes it
quite familiar to us.

  What brings all this about? What is the answer to those
most puzzling phenomena?

  Our well-known author advances an ingenious theory on
the subject in the present story.

John as he set down his empty coffee cup and folded
his napkin. “I’m going to get my car started, as it
takes so long these cold mornings.”

  In which unsympathetic mood he donned hat and
overcoat and disappeared through the kitchen door. A
second later his head was thrust through the reopened
door, and a jovial smile spread over his features.

  “Say, Ellen, it strikes me
as I go out to get the old
bus, that this has happened
before,” he called back to
me.

  “Something else will
strike you,” I cried play-
fully picking up an empty
cup.

  He dodged in mock con-
sternation, then his face
grew earnest.

  “But seriously, my dear
girl,” he said, “I hope you
aren’t getting to believe in
all that rot about soul trans-

823
824

AMAZING STORIES

migration. Surely you don’t think your personality
has been previously decked in other corporeal trappings,
do you?”

  “No,” I replied, “I do not believe that. I have al-
ways been myself, and you will always be yourself
(stubborn as ever)! My explanation of the oft re-
peated phenomenon that my life has been lived before
exactly as I live it now, lies solely in the theory that
time which is the fourth dimension is, like space, curved,
and travels in great cycles. You cannot conceive of
either the end of space or time. The law of the uni-
verse as illustrated by the movements of the stars and
planets and the endless motion of the molecules and
atoms and the whirling of the electrons, proves that
orbital motion is a cosmic law and that all things
return eventually to' their starting point. And so, in
the vast cycles of time and space, we repeat our exis-
tence upon this earth, and I claim that occasionally a
fleeting memory of previous cycles thrusts itself into
our consciousness.”

  “Too deep for me,” said John with a shrug. “I must
get down to the office, and by the way, an apple pie
for dinner tonight would be greatly appreciated! I
haven’t had any for a long time.”

  “Do you like my apple pies, John?” I asked smiling.
“Do I? You are an expert at it. I suppose,” he
added as he all but disappeared through the crack of
the door as it stood slightly ajar, “the infinite number
of times that you have baked apple pies in previous
cycles of existence has made you adept in that line!”
The door closed and he was gone.

  Dear John! Of course he understood the theory as
well as I did, but he was forced out among associates in
the business world and it was essential that his mind
be continually occupied with the practical affairs of
life. Dreamers might be vouchsafed glimpses of the
truth, but did such visions always prove beneficial?
There was no doubting that John was a greater success
in life than I, whether he grasped the significance of
certain cosmic truths or not!

  “After all,” I mused, “the difference between the
great and the small, the infinite and the finite, right
and wrong, good and evil, is sometimes one of degree
and not of quality. The most difficult is simple if
we follow the rules. The people, who make a muddle
of their lives, have deliberately, though unknowingly,
chosen the harder way. They are law-breakers, not
necessarily in our legal sense, but they are transgres-
sors of Universal Law. Had they simply worked in
harmony with the Law, success would have come
easily.”

  “I have not always worked in harmony with the
Law," I thought. “None of us have. Do I, now in this
cycle of time, possess the ability to change errors per-
formed in previous eons, or am I a mere puppet, des-
tined to a certain definite course of action throughout
eternity? Was Henley right or wrong when he wrote,
‘I am the master of my fate, the captain of my soul’?”
I believed in the cycle theory of time, and yet in it

I	saw no hope for changing the errors of the past.
My theory was a death-blow to progress and evolution!

II

I HAD just slipped my last pie into the oven and
glanced casually out of the kitchen window when
I spied my neighbor, Mrs. Maxwell, on her cinder
path between her house and the garage. Suddenly I
had the same sensation that I had experienced at break-
fast, “This has happened before. I know it.”

  Then, like a flash, before a seeming darkness obliter-
ated my fleeting memory, came the warning to my
consciousness that Mrs. Maxwell ought not to enter
her garage. I took a step toward the door with the
intention of calling to Mrs. Maxwell. There was plenty
of time; the path was long and she was not a third of
the way to the garage. I watched her, my heart thump-
ing wildly. She had stopped to pick up a scrap of
paper. I took another step toward the door, then
paused.

  “Oh, what’s the use,” I argued, “she’d think I was
crazy to run out there and attempt to keep her from
her errand to her garage. I wonder why I have had
two sensations of this memory enigma today! Often
they are weeks, even months, apart.”

  Resolutely I turned and left the kitchen, intending
to finish my remaining housework. I reached the first
landing of the stairs when the sound of an explosion
that rocked the house to its foundation, caused me to
start in wild-eyed terror. In a panic of fearful pre-
monition I rushed to a south window. The Maxwell
garage was a mass of roaring flames!

  “It is fate, fate,” I groaned in my anguish. “There
is no hope! We mortals cannot escape. The cycles of
time like the wheels of the ancient Juggernaut ruth-
lessly grind us to our destruction and there is no hope!”
It seemed that for months after Mrs. Maxwell's
funeral I could not rise above a sense of despondency.
A hopelessness was ever present in my consciousness,
and nothing I did seemed worth the effort. Finally
realizing that my present mental state must not con-
tinue, I plunged into domestic and social duties with
a vim that was most unusual for me.

  Not once during many months following the Maxwell
tragedy had I experienced a single recurrence of my
unaccountable memory flashes. Then one day the sen-
sation returned.

III

JOHN was ready to make a business trip to the
south and had purchased his railroad ticket early in
the afternoon. The train was scheduled to leave
town at 8:15 P. M. The supper dishes had just been
cleared away and John had hurried upstairs to pack his
grip, when the feeling that this had all happened before
came upon me,*-more realistically than I had ever before
experienced it, and this time it was accompanied by a
premonition of the same nature as that which had
warned me of Mrs. Maxwell’s fatal trip to her garage.

  I lost no time in hurrying up to John’s room, where
I found him sorting over the things to take with him
on his trip.

  “John, don’t go this evening,” I said, trying to keep
my voice steady. “There is a morning train at 11:53.
THE FIFTH DIMENSION

825

 SAFE
 CYCLE 1

SAFE
CYCLE 2

>

 SAFE
 CYCLE 3

WRECK

CYCLE 4

Can’t you taxe that instead of going tonight?”

  My husband carefully tucked his hair brush into
his satchel, and for a moment deigned me no reply.

  “I’m afraid to have you go tonight, John,” I con-
tinued. “I've had a—a—sort of warning. You know
what I mean.”

  John closed and locked his grip. “Are you afraid
here alone ?” he asked, after what seemed an intermin-
able silence.

  “No. It’s not for myself that I fear danger, but
for you. Won’t you defer your trip?” I persisted.

  “Now see here, Ellen,” John responded with a show
of irritation, “I’ve already bought my ticket and laid
my plans for meeting Hopkins in Atlanta on Friday
and I can’t and won’t stop because of some fool no-
tion of yours. I had supposed you had forgotten about
this fourth dimension time-cycle business!” He picked
up his satchel. “But whether you’ve forgotten it or
not, the 8:15 sees me ensconced on my way to Georgia.”
“But, John, dear,” I cried in desperation, “remem-
ber the Maxwell affair. If I had only obeyed my im-
pulse to rush out and warn poor Mrs. Maxwell, she
would be living now!”

  John paused and looked at me as if considering, but
it was only for a second; then he resumed his descent
of the stairs.

  “No,” he said, “I’ve got to be in Atlanta on Friday
or stand a chance of losing one of the biggest orders
we’ve had in months.”

  Then it seemed as though something snapped in my
brain and I heard my voice as though it were another’s
coming from a distance, “The Juggernaut, Fate, grinds
mortals beneath its wheels and there 'is no hope.’’

  I soon became conscious of the fact that I was sob-
bing hysterically and that John was holding me in his
arms.

  “Ellen, Ellen,” his dear voice “was saying. “I’m go-
ing to fool Fate a trick and let Hopkins wait. I leave
tomorrow at 11:53. Let’s see what’s on the radio for
the rest of the evening.”

  I gazed up at him with incredulity. “Oh, John,” I
cried ecstatically, “do you think we can prove that
the cycles of time are not inexorable?”

  “We can at least give the theory a fair trial,” he said
smiling.

IV

1 POURED John his third cup of coffee, but did
not feel that it had happened before! A mild
thump on the front porch informed me that the
morning paper had arrived. I brought it in and laid
it in front of John, then I fled to the kitchen, where
the odor of burning toast apprised me of the fact that
I was much needed. Returning with the scraped toast,
I seated myself opposite John for the purpose of re-
suming my breakfast.

  “What news?” I asked casually.

  For answer John handed me the paper and pointed
mutely to an enormous headline. His face was ashen
and his hand trembled.

  With a sinking sensation I read the large letters:
“Head-on collision demolishes engines and cars, and
kills 70 persons.”

  “John,” I gasped, “is it—was it—the 8:15?”

  His voice was husky with pent emotion.

  “Ellen, it was the 8:15, and I have been on it in the
other cycles of time. I know it now.”

  I gazed at him incredulously for a moment, and then
half in fun, half seriously, I said, “John, you are now
living on borrowed time!”

  He smiled a little wanly.

  “Not exactly that, dear,” he said, “but my mind has
been doing some rapid thinking since I saw those head-
lines, and I believe I have a solution to your ever-
puzzling problem of the fourth dimension, time.”

“If you can prove my time-cycles are not incompatible
with progress, evolution and growth,” I cried eagerly,
“you will make me the happiest woman on earth!”
“Wouldn’t a new fur coat delight you more?” he
asked teasingly.

  “Well, that would help some,” I admitted, “but tell
me what makes you believe that evolution and progress
are fact, despite the eon-worn ruts of the cycles of
time."

  “The fifth dimension,” he replied in a quiet voice.
  “The fifth dimension?” I echoed, puzzled.

“Which is simply this, Ellen. There is a general
progression of the Universe over and above the cycles
of time which renders each cycle a little in advance of
(Continued on page 850)
BEFORE the ICE AGE

'By Alfred Fritchey

Foreword

  In reading this most amazing, yet truthful story,
please remember that I am not a trained writer. I
am only a tunnel and mine-worker, and I’ve written
down the things as I’ve seen them, therefore kindly
excuse my English as well as grammar, as I am aware
that neither is perfect.

I.

P on a certain job, they were putting a tun-
nel through a granite mountain. It was
a big job and they were working day and
night. They had cut through a vein of
water, a vein of onyx and a vein of silver.
The silver especially was particularly beautiful, being
in the spreading-out, branched form of an immense tree.

  However the lead was not followed: for the tunnel
was a power tunnel, designed to hold water; and as
time was a big factor, and the expense of the project
was colossal, such by-plays as silver mines were unim-
portant. Besides, it was the expert opinion that the
silver tree in the tunnel was a mere pocket.

  But they did strike something in that mountain that
was no by-play. It was neither gold nor diamonds:
though in the opinion of a certain professor it was a
more remarkable find than either. And it halted the
tunnel advance for three shifts, day and night. What
then was the find: a find which made tunnel No. 10 in
Bald Mountain so celebrated?

Let us review the affair.

As I have remarked, they
worked two shifts, a day
and a night one. This left
an interval between, as the
shifts were eight hours
each. This interval was
split into two parts for a
purpose, one part being al-
lotted to each shift. Drill-
ing as they did during the
working hours, and putting in the charges just before
quitting time, it was customary for the shift boss of
the retiring shift to set off all the explosions he had
arranged, immediately after work. This left a period
for the air to clear before another shift came on.

  Of course it was necessary to keep an accurate count
on the shots heard; otherwise the next shift going in
was in danger of their lives. That’s why the shooting
was allotted to the shift bosses. Even with such pre-
cautions, it was not always possible to be certain of the
tabulation; for in spite of efforts to prevent it, two
shots sometimes came at the same time. A very loud

blast was occasionally put down as two shots; but this
was mere guess work. And when lives depended on it,
it was the worst of judgment to come to such a con-
clusion.

  There are persons of the opinion, however, that the
explosion which wrecked tunnel No. 10 was not
due to an unexploded shot. How else then do they
explain it? They claim there was some kind of an-
explosive in the chamber which was revealed by the
blast.

  However, let us observe the shift working at the time
of the explosion and see what we may see. This par-
ticular night, Dan Parker was the shift boss. Daley
of the day gang had reported all O.K. So Parker and
his crew rode into the tunnel with no apprehension
whatever.

  This fellow, Parker, was a red-faced man, jovial,
puffy and fat. He wheezed continually, as if he had
the asthma. Claimed he got it from being gassed in
the World War. He was a good shift boss, tolerant,
resourceful and good-natured.

  This night there was a fellow, named Reno Bob,
as one of the miners. They worked three miners with
each shift, each miner having a helper. Then too
there was a crowd of muckers; fellows who shoveled
up the mud, dirt and rock into the miniature train which
hauled out the debris.

  Reno was not a regular night-shift man; he belong-
ed to Daley’s gang. But a rock had fallen on one
of the miners, and the management wishing to lose no
time, and expecting a new
man every minute, had
shifted Bob over to Park-
er’s crowd.

  This Reno Bob was built
like Hercules. He had a
dark, saturnine face and
coal black eyes; a very devil
of a handsome fellow. He
was not especially pleased
to hear he was put on the
night shift, for he had been in the habit of taking Mrs.
Parker, Dan’s wife, to the movies down at the pavilion
in the evening, and this change would cut him out of
such diversion. However, this was not unknown to
Dan. Reno was a welcome visitor to the Parker home,
whether he worked days or nights, being a great friend
of the night shift boss.

  Mrs. Parker was a very pretty woman with a flood
of yellow hair, and fascinating green eyes. No one
would have ever thought her likeness was behind that
thin stone wall which Parker and Reno Bob faced when
they came on shift that fatal night. But so it was.

    UR new author has the easy facility of the teller of
 tales of old coffee house and sailor inn charm and fresh-
 ness, which characterizes this tale. We know practically
 nothing about the "pre-record” day civilisations. What did
 the people in the days of the Aramaic language—700 years
 before the Christian era—use instead of steel and marble?
 There seems to us to be no good reason why our author’s
 conception should not be plausible. At any rate, the story
 offers food for thought as well as enjoyment.

826
Out 01 the flooi o! the room, on powerful springs, arose two caskets. ... In each of the caskets, which were supported on golden-
onyx pedestals of carved mammoths, lying in repose, in elaborate costumes, were two figures.

827
828

AMAZING STORIES

  The story is almost unbelievable for weirdness. Talk
about King Tut and his tomb. His place wasn’t in it
with what they found up on the Bald King Mountain.
And so many things happened afterward that couldn’t
be explained by any modern methods. But I antici-
pate my story.

  You see, the watchman at the tunnel mouth always,
gave the new shift coming on the result of the last
boss’s tabulation. This night he merely said: “Every-
thing to the good.” Now if Daley had missed a count,
he should have said so. No one would have blamed
him for that. That’s merely human nature; not always
to be sure. Anyhow Daley had orders to report so, if
he hadn’t caught a full count. And he certainly failed
to carry out orders.

THE new shift rode to their working place in a
long string of dinkey cars, run by a fellow whose
long legs were nearly in his face as he drove the tiny
electric locomotive which pulled the train. This fel-
low’s name was Mai; probably an abbreviation for
Matthew; but he is of no interest in the story. Any-
body else could have pulled the train. I know I could.

  They came to the place which halted them; the place
where the fallen wall-surface was piled up on the tracks.
Of course the muckers all had high hip boots. So had
the miners. They had to have. There was water in
the tunnel. No river of water, but great drops which
oozed languidly out. And the floor was as slippery
as the devil.

  The night crew jumped from the cars—not care-
lessly but with one hand on the side; otherwise he’s
liable to be on his seat in the mud, sprawled out and
slightly damp to the skin. For the place was usually
sopping wet. It was a humid, stifling place to work in,
in spite of a ventilating fan, which theoretically cleared
away the foul air.

  But the muckers began shoveling; not briskly and as
if their lives depended on it, but with the measured ease
of men accustomed to the shovel, and also to mines;
a stroke about half between that of a Harp* and a
Mexican. Still they had Mexicans working here too;
but they were not like the ones I refer to.

  So the miners set their jack-hammers and began
pounding into solid rock. Ever see a jack-hammer?
Well, it’s like a long drill, much larger of course, than
what a dentist uses. It’s worked the same; both of them
use electricity. But the jack-hammer gets his from
a longer distance. Still I don’t know. Maybe the
power the dentist uses comes from the same mountain.

  The muckers had cleared away most of the fallen
matter. And the jack-hammers had drilled one or
two holes already. It seems Dan Parker had stopped
by Reno to ask him about the show down at the pavil-
ion. He says so himself. And it’s reasonable. It
isn’t Reno tells it. Reno’s gone flooey.

  Parker says he had just shouted in Reno’s ear about
the show; heard Reno reply something about Love’s
Reward—that was the show, you see—and had just
turned away, when the blast came. It must have been

  ♦An Irishman.

Reno’s jack-hammer; for he’s the only one went flooey.
Besides any other man who had drilled into dynamite
would have known it. Shocks like that ain’t forgotten.
Well, the blast caught them all. There was a mess,
I tell you, in that tunnel. I wasn’t there myself but
I heard Jonny Tinker tell what he saw. Jonny said
it was worse’n a plane-bomb in the World War. Jonny
was in that war, so he ought to know.

  Well, there was that blast. The train driver, Mat,
you recall, who was just running a string of loaded
cars out, caught the sound at the tunnel’s mouth and
he had an inkling of what it meant. He shifted his
string; caught up a bunch of empties, took on the
watchman and raced into the tunnel.

  But he had to stop before he came to the place.
There was some kind of an odor neither of them ever
smelt before. This odor made the air almost impos-
sible to breathe. They had to come out again.

  By this time there was a crowd of men about the
entrance. You see they never shot their blasts off
at night. It was always morning, when the night crowd
came off shift. So anyone who heard the blast on
that particular night knew something unusual had
happened.

  Seeing that Mat and the watchman were stopped by
foul air, the emergency apparatus was brought out;
and several of the men being rigged up, Mat forever
lost his chance to see the result of the explosion; for
Charlie Bates took his place.

  Of course, the lights were put out of commission by
this shock; weren’t usually though, which only goes
to show it was no ordinary blast. So they had to take
in torches; you know the kind! They call them car-
bide ; fill them with a white powder and run in water.
Then they light a little hole where the gas comes
through. They’re not bad lights.

  When they got up to the wreckage, they found only
debris and darkness. Flashing their torches toward
the wall they were cutting through, they saw a great
jagged hole exposed by the blast, going into a cavity.
But, although this surprised them, they were not there
to explore cavities; they were there to save lives. And
they got to work looking for the missing men.

  One by one they pulled them out. Four of them
were dead and one man was permanently locoed. That
was Reno. I guess anybody would have been locoed
who ran into a similar bit of shaking up. I know I
wouldn’t want to. The rest of the night crew were
O.K. They were unconscious for a time but they
came around nicely. Harry Getz says he dreamed of
chasing ostriches down in South Africa. If he did,
I’ll bet he never caught any of them, for Harry is too
slow even to catch a cold.

  Well, they knocked off work for the day; let the
air in for the tunnel to ooze off its poisonous fumes.
Next night they went in again. Not the regular crew
remember. Men ain’t no fools. Most of the regular
crew who were capable of moving on their legs were
down the hill by this time. You’d be surprised the way
a few dead men will change the working crew of a
mine. But it does.

  Parker still was along however. When a man’s mar-
BEFORE THE ICE AGE

829,

ried, he can’t just go and jump his job because of some
unexpected explosion. The job of supporting a family
is a more serious affair often than even T.N.T. blasts.
And you know they’re some blasts.

II.

THEY came to the ragged hole. They poked in
their torches. Finally Parker, who was a brave
man, being as he was in the World War, went
into the cavern and explored. He came back and his
face was white.

  “For God’s sake!” said he to Dick Combs. “Come
in here and see if you see what I see!”

  In the cavern in which Parker and Combs found
themselves was a heap of skeletons, clustered near a
peculiar, wonderfully-embossed, little bronze box, the
lid of which had been broken open, probably by the ex-
plosion; this lid had a tiny hole, the mouth of an
octopus head, with which it was adorned.

  The cavern curved away from the line toward which
the tunnel was being driven; so that work was only
temporarily halted because of the find. But at the
other end, along a walk of leopard-spotted agate, was
a figure in mosaic, which held them spell-bound. It
was of heroic size; and seemed to represent a woman’s
head on an immense snail’s shell; the woman’s eyes
were large rubies and her head-dress, somewhat like
the Grecian statues of their goddesses, was a helmet,
made up of innumerable flakes of moonstone. The
woman’s face seemed remarkably life-like; colored as
it was with some shining enamel, which seemed to
match the glow of health.

  Dick Combs said it was enough to startle one; the
head standing out as it did away from the wall and
seeming so real. But what was the explanation of
the skeletons ? No one could guess. It seemed a mys-
tery beyond the knowledge of simple miners and those
who know even less than miners; the weak-headed
muckers.

  Parker and Combs returned; and work was resumed.
However, work was immediately halted when Dan went
to the mouth of the tunnel and telephoned headquar-
ters. That’s where they showed good sense. How’d
they know but it might be something of great impor-
tance. Old Addington, the sup., certainly deserved
credit for stopping work till some of those university
guys had a peep. Remember, this was in a solid moun-
tain; and heaven knows how long it might have been
there.

  Professor Eddy came down. He seemed like a very
capable man to us people, whose only glimpse of edu-
cation is the Schoolmarm up at No. 2 and the Parson
at No. 7. He could talk about eocene and pleocene till
he had us all woosy. I’ve studied a few of the ’cenes
myself, being interested in geology; but I never had
any pleosaurius or broncosaurus eating out of my hand
like that guy had. He knew everything that was to
be known and some which wasn’t.

  Well, he went up to the hole in the tunnel wall; gave
a look at the snail-lady and gasped. Even his expert
knowledge of such things failed to classify her. He
was flabbergasted. He was nonplussed. He was abso-

lutely speechless, something queer in a professor.

  He sent for a crony of his back at the big school
where they both taught; and there never before was
such English used as these two delvers-in-the-ground
used when they looked in the place exposed by Reno’s
shell.

  Professor Eddy explained the pile of skeletons in
the old cavern in front of the snail-lady, as persons
sacrificed to her. Then Professor Monk took a peep
at the little bronze box, and allowed his colleague had a
shot of dope. He said: “The box is in ancient Aramaic;
and the inscription thereon says that it contains a vola-
tile poison which shall guard the inner chamber ever
from profanation.”

  Professor Eddy says: “How does it come we are
here ?”

  This of course was a poser for the man who read
Aramaic; but some of the boys came to the fellow’s
assistance and told of the terrible smell immediately
after the explosion.

  “That explains it perfectly,” contended Monk. This
was a protection against vandals only till an explosion
occurred. It was a very delicate apparatus; probably
an invention which has never since appeared on the
earth. And the blast broke the small-quantity libera-
tion of the gases and made the poisonous odor which
was remarked just after the catastrophe.”

  I must say Monk reasoned much better than his
name sounded. Then the two savants went back and
looked at the snail-lady.

  “What do you make out of it ?” asked Eddy.

  “It represents Patience,” was the reply.

  That fellow Monk was always good at replies. He
seemed to have accumulated a lot of sense with his
years.

  However, Professor Eddy didn’t quite like the in-
terpretation of his colleague. “Your mistake is natu-
ral,” he said.

  “I don’t acknowledge I have made one—yet,” re-
plied the redoubtable Monk.

  “Then I will show you,” remarked Professor Eddy.
“Your solution is merely a superficial observation. If
you study the hybrid’s form closely you will find the
snail shell is not a snail shell, but the shell of the
nautilus. Now the nautilus from earliest times has
symbolized a rising spiritually. This figure faces a
death-chamber; because the woman’s head on the nau-
tilus shell symbolizes resurrection. Am I right, my
dear Professor?”

DOCTOR MONK admitted that should excavation
disclose another chamber behind, Professor
Eddy’s theory might be the correct one. “What is
your, theory for the reason such a high spot was
selected for the tomb?” asked he then, with the look
of a man who has propounded a poser.

  “High spots were the sacred ones,” answered Eddy,
the learned, easily, and as if he had instantaneously
solved it.

  Doctor Monk shook his head. “Do you know why
this place is where it is?”

  “Not if my theory does not suffice.”
830

AMAZING STORIES

  “It is where it is because of a catastrophe. It was,
that is the mountain, of a much lower elevation—it
may even have been only a hill—but some incompre-
hensible power lifted it to its present eminence.”

  “What is your proof ?” asked the other doubtfully.

  “This!” And Professor Monk exhibited a small
whirled shell in the palm of his hand, which he called
a whelk.

  “Where’d you get this ?” asked Doctor Eddy. “And
what does it signify?”

  “I got it on the mountainside, half a mile down,
dug it out of a lime bed. And it signifies that the
place where it came from was at one time under
water.”

  “But how do you know that wasn’t before this
place was used as a sepulchre?”

  “Because,” answered Professor Monk, “the little
bronze box there refers to this sacred tomb guarded
by the volatile poison, as an island.”

  “I don’t doubt you,’ remarked Doctor Eddy, “but I
wish I read Aramaic also.”

  “That wish is only natural; but surely you don’t in
the slightest way question my reading, my dear pro-
fessor?”

  “Not at all. Your reading is eminently reassuring
to me. But to the public, you must remember, two
savants’ reading would be conclusive.”

III.

SHOVELS and picks were brought up: and a
certain number of laborers supplied to the two
professors. I had been assigned to them from
the first, that’s why I can relate so much of their
conversation. They interested me and they were worth
listening to.

  The whole figure of the snail-lady was carefully re-
moved from the wall, so that it could be reconstructed
in a museum. And it was found to be only a veneer,
put up in flakes on a suitably chiseled out place in the
solid rock. All of the pieces were said by the profes-
sors to be semi-precious stones. Of course to the aver-
age mine-worker this meant nothing at all. Even the
most experienced were merely familiar with quartz,
granite, limestone and the various ores. While the
muckers knew nothing, some of them disputed things,
accepted as true for the last half dozen centuries.

  Now the door, or what they believed was the door,
was found to be in the shape of a truncated pyramid:
that’s what Professor Monk called it. And Doctor
Eddy gave it as his opinion that it could not be bat-
tered in, because the inside was smaller than the out-
side. Dick Grebs, who was a miner, temporarily loaned
to the university guys, was for drilling a hole and put-
ting in a light charge of dynamite; but both the doc-
tors vetoed this move. No telling what’s inside, they
said.

  So, instead of a shot being fired, a hole was drilled
clean through the door. Do you know that door was
& foot thick? Well, it was. We measured it. After
the hole was drilled, a stick was gotten the same size
as the hole. Pete Miller went out and got it. They
were near the west entrance here, an entrance drilled

for air, and Pete says he had to climb a tree to get it.

  Then they made little holes at the end of the stick
and put in little springs which would be compressed
to fit the hole but which would spring out as soon as
they got on the other side of the door and so give us
a leverage. It worked all right. Five of the boys
removed the door easily.

  The air inside nearly blew out our lamps. We had
to wait an hour before we could enter. I didn’t care.
You see, I got paid just the same. Our time went
on. We weren’t hired by the profs. We were merely
loaned to them. Well, we hung around the West En-
trance (it was no entrance at all, as I told you, but an
air shaft) all that time and then, Professor Eddy test-
ing the air, said it was O.K. So we trails in.

  There was a sight in that room almost made my
heart stand still with wonder. A lamp, in the shape
of an icicle, with a beautiful blue globe, hung from the
ceiling; and it gave a brilliant and weirdly-penetrating
light.

  The first thing which struck us as strange was the
appearance of a man; a big-muscled fellow, a fellow
even larger and more powerful than Reno Bob, stand-
ing to the north at a niche in the wall. We couldn’t
mistake this: for there were lights back of the fellow,
so that he shone vividly before us. He was a real
man. He held toward us menacingly a black tube of
five barrels, which had a curious arrangement at the
other end, as if it might be some kind of a gun.

  Now everybody saw this: all the boys and the two
professors. We just looked at the fellow and gasped,
as one would do who came on a live man in a tomb,
The next moment we looked and the fellow was gone.
We went over to the wall and looked at the niche and
there was none there. Instead there was a plate of
what seemed like frosted glass.

  Now did you ever hear anything like that? A man
standing life-like before you to disappear while you
looked! Professor Monk cried to the Doctor: “Did
you notice his classification? He is pre-glacial!”

  “What gave you such conclusion?” asked the other
doubtingly.

  “His robe. It was made of mammoth hair.”

  “But was it a man?” demanded Eddy.

  “It may only be some kind of a projection: some
method of throwing up on an apparently blank sur-
face some image of something. Maybe we stepped on
something which caused the thing to appear.”

  So we had to trail out again and practise over our
entrance to the place. No use. We couldn’t tramp
exactly right, it seemed. We never saw the pre-glacial
man again.

  But say! You ought to have seen that wall. It was
made up of an infinite number of squares, so that the
roof was neither round nor square, but a kind of a
compromise between. And on the walls! There were
pithons and dinosaurs in wondrous color, together
with gorgeous butterflies, much larger than any now
known, and a funny bird which Doctor Eddy an-
nounced as a “near relative of the pterodactyl.” It
was quite a funny looking bird. (Only the pterodactyl
was not a bird but a flying saurian reptile.—Editor.)
BEFORE THE ICE AGE

831

  Then, our attention being attracted to a great golden
lizard—he must have been the god of all lizards, for
he was colored like it—had fire in his mouth, a great
golden head, flakes of blue, scarlet and orange on his
back, which seemed outlined on what appeared to be
a row of shells around the whole room.

PROFESSOR MONK looked at an inscription;
took down what seemed like a piece of cardboard,
and we all looked. It was light and you couldn’t see
through it: and it seemed like some kind of a chart.
In fact, in red outlines, on a dull gray surface, were
some maps of something. But I never saw such maps.
There isn’t anything on the earth’s surface now like
those maps showed. They were awfully funny.

  But Professor Monk gave an exclamation as if the
source of life were discovered. Then he cried: “The
land surface of terra firma before the last Glacial
Epoch.”

  But somebody trod on something which nearly gave
us heart failure. Out of the floor of the room, on
powerful springs, arose two caskets. Pete Miller was
bowled clean over by one of them. But nobody
laughed. It was too solemn a sight. In each of the
caskets, which were supported on golden-onyx pedes-
tals of carved mammoths, lying in repose, not a hue
different from in life, in elaborate costumes, were two
figures. The one on the right was that of a woman.
Strange to relate, too, it had a similar appearance to
Dan Parker’s wife. Now don’t get me wrong: there’s
nothing at all to this likeness, save what some fools
like to give it. There were people who weren’t friendly
to Dan or to Reno, who would like to infer that Reno
wasn’t just what he should have been, because some
idiot noticed that one of the figures resembled the lady
in the Parker home. But I, who saw the caskets,
say they don’t know what they’re talking about. It
was only a distant likeness. The woman lying in that
room had a long-drawn face—dolichocephalic, I think
the professors called it—and her eyes were wonder-
fully formed, even when closed—like an angel’s, it
seemed to me.

  Whereas the man was dark and ferocious looking.
He had a moustache somewhat like the Norsemen; and
his body was encased in what looked like silver mail;
but not in plates, rather it was like fine chain, closely
woven together. On his head was a gold crown of
filigree gold-work; the thing being a continuous circle
of heads of the mammoth.

  The woman had on a dress of such fine texture that
her body could be seen through it. It looked as if
made from spider’s silk. Maybe in the period when
she lived, they paid more attention to spiders and had
developed them to a greater degree than any living
spiders these days. Her feet were clad in moccasins of
rattlesnake skin. While the tiara—I thought it was a
crown, but the Professors called it a tiara—was of
gold filigree work, representing a circlet of butterflies,
large sapphires being the wings, and making them blue
butterflies.

  But this was not all.

  There were ten little gold boxes, arranged in a circle

around the room; standing on pedestals of white mar-
ble, the slabs, under the little gold boxes, differing and
being semi-precious stones like sagenite, jade, moon-
stone, sardonyx, bloodstone and stones even the pro-
fessors could not recognize.

  What these boxes were nobody knew. They had a
little peep-hole and a glass somewhat like a lens in-
side, while behind was another glass piece which seemed
frosted. But there was only darkness when one looked
in these boxes. The professors puzzled their heads in
vain, but could not make out what these boxes were.
It was plain they were something important; or they
would not have been arranged with such care, or been
around, adorning, as it were, a king and queen.

  Professor Eddy stood at the casket of the queen,
studying the lace collar she wore, an exquisite thing,
made almost of thistle-down, it seemed, when he gave
a little cry of surprise.

  “What is it?” asked Doctor Monk.

  “The secret of the boxes!”

  “Where?”

  “On the floor here.”

  Professor Monk looked and saw a number of golden
squares arranged in a mosaic, around a central dove.
“I don’t see the secret,” he confessed. “Explain it.”

  The other pointed to the floor and said: “Notice
the dove is in the shape of a turn-button.”

  “What of that?” demanded Doctor Monk, incom-
prehensively.

  “Turn it,” suggested the other.

  Monk did so. There was the instant shining of
light seen in the little gold boxes. Each of us, the
professors as well as the workmen, selected a box
and looked in. In that tiny box, in each of them, in
fact, was an inner eight-sided wheel, each side of
which contained a picture, which the front lens made
real, of some grand scene of the recumbent monarch’s
reign. Now don’t get the idea it was like present-day
moving pictures. It was far more natural. It was so
made that not only were the scenes in their exact
colors, but there was also some arrangement by means
of which the figures seemed to stand out like in real
life, instead of being flat like moving pictures are.
Here they had some knowledge which the present-day
moving picture industry would have given thousands
of dollars to obtain; and they had it maybe ten thou-
sand years ago.

BUT the thing which excited Professor Monk most
was a fantastic bronze-colored box set on a shelf
at the feet of the caskets. It had in it little plates of
some light material; the surface of the plates contain-
ing little squares, maybe half an inch each and a quarter
inch apart. Twelve of these plates had a ring through
corners at top and bottom; uniting the plates. Monk
looked at these through a magnifying glass and uttered
an exclamation.

  “What is it?” asked his friend.

  “The history of the world ten thousand years ago.”

“You don’t mean it!” cried Eddy, his face filled with
joy. “Now I must study Aramaic. I know I must.”
(Continued on page 837)
MONORAIL

y George MeLociai

Author of “Smoke-Rings”

)HN NALLY, known to the American
Press as a globe trotter and author, scowled
into the heavy mist that hung low and con-
cealing over the waters of Puget Sound.
Delayed by a broken power line, his train
had pulled into Seattle hours after the boat to Nome
had sailed. He lingered on the dock, undecided what
next to do. The next ship, he had been informed by
the ticket agent, would not leave until the end of the
week. And to attempt to connect with the boat by
plane was hazardous in this fog. He sighed resignedly.
Yes, there were no two ways about it; he might as well
go back to New York and begin anew. This very inter-
esting game of racing around the globe against Time—
unhurried, tireless, unrelenting Time—had its constant
worry; could he hasten along j uSt a little ahead so that
he could anticipate the next move? With a single slip,
such as had occurred now, on any one of the many
legs, the whole schedule, on which one had spent months
preparing, was balled up into a snarl that called for
heroic measures to hold it, or eventually would force
a new start.

  He was about to leave the dock when a tall, well-
dressed stranger accosted him with: “I understand,
sir, from your conversation with the clerk, that you
have missed your boat? I suppose you know there is
a railroad to Alaska, in fact,
to Nome?”

  “Huh?” grunted Nally,
a trifle surprised at the an-
nouncement. He laughed.

“That railroad! Why, its
tracks are under mountains
of snow!”

  “So they are,” agreed the
Stranger, his eyes twinkling
with amusement at Nally’s
evident surprise. “A rail-
road is in operation. Should
you motor to Mono City,
a tough drive of forty miles northeast, you can connect
with this railroad and thus arrive at your destination
several days ahead of the boat.”

Nally’s eyes narrowed. “See here! If you think
you can make me swallow that you’re badly mistaken.”
“I’m sorry, sir, but I can,” declared the stranger,
handing a small card to Nally, who stared at it. He
had doubted the word of the British Consul at Seattle.

  “Pardon me, sir,” began Nally lamely, scratching the
back of his head with his free hand.

  “I understand, sir. I know it’s hard to believe what

others tell us, when we think we know better ourselves.
This, you will discover, is the truth.”

  After taking the directions of how to get to Mono
City, Nally hailed a staunch-looking cab and was soon
speeding through the suburbs of Seattle, bound north.

  Some hours later the cab, splattered with frozen mud
and water, pulled into a small town made up com-
pletely of corrugated-iron shanties. The driver slid to
a stop before a massive, spidery-legged, sheet-iron con-
struction that bore the name of Mono City Station.
After paying the exorbitant but well-earned fare, Nally
hastened up the steps to the ticket office.

  Drawn by that singular fascination that overcomes
all travelers, he walked to the edge of the platform and
gazed at the tracks which, he noted instantly, were
unlike anything he had ever seen before, for instead of
the conventional two-rail roadway, there was a single
rail well elevated above the ground on steel trestle work
to about five feet above the station floor. It was a
mono-railroad!

  A deep-toned bell clanged, a guard walked the length
of the long platform warning the crowd to keep back
of the pipe railing which ran parallel to the edge of the
flooring, but fifteen feet back.

  From the distance echoed a long, drawn-out whistle
and shortly there shot into view the train.

  Nally then saw why the
guard had warned them to
stay back. Projecting from
the sides of the stream-
lined cars, whose general
outlines recalled to his mind
pictures of great passenger
planes, were gondola-like
enclosures carrying electric
motors that drove the eight-
foot air-screws or propel-
lers. The screws were “back
thrusting” and made a curi-
ous throbbing swish as they
spun. Each car carried four propellers, so spaced on
each side that the distance from screw to screw through
the whole train was equal. Being driven by air pro-
pulsion only, the wheels, two to a truck, were idlers;
on these the emergency braking system operated.

TEN long cars made up this train, only four being
passenger. Nally dubbed the first the “engine,” as
it had larger forward windows and more powerful mo-
tors than the others.

  As the propellers stopped dead, the doors slid open

 'T1 HE chief attraction about the present story is that it
 contains 100% fact and not much fiction. It might
 better be called a "scientifact” story than a scientifiction tale.

   The monorail system is well known and has been in use
 for some years. The author, who is an engineer, has im-
 proved the old system considerably and there is no reason
 at all why the machine, as described by him, coidd not be
 used tvhenever we are ready to do so.

   Indeed, it is a constant source of wonderment to the
 editors, why monorail transportation is not used more. It is
 certainly most practical.

832
A sharp curve was negotiated without slowing down or “banking.” Therefore, Nally decided, the train must be kept upright by means
of gyroscopes. ... It seemed curious that the mere revolution o< a weighted wheel should seemingly overcome the effects of gravity

                                                           and inertia ...

833
834

AMAZING STORIES

and the crowd hastened into the cars. Nally settled
into a seat and looked over the furnishings which were
somewhat American in design but which still had a
curious trend toward the futuristic. Following the ex-
ample of the old-timers, he stowed his baggage in a
locker under the seat.

  A bell tinkled forward and slowly the train began to
move. If the cars had been floating on water the mo-
tion could not have been smoother. The trees and
shanties began to slip by with increasing speed. Still
there came no thud of wheels meeting track joints, no
whining grind of gears, just a low, pleasant hum that
grew a little louder as the speed of the train crept up.

  Nally’s eyes swept over the car and a smile flitted
over his face when he saw a burly lumberjack glance
nervously from his window to the forward end of the
car, where a speedometer, with figures large enough to
be seen from the rear, showed the speed of the train
to be 38 miles an hour, and while he studied it, the rotor
turned up mile after mile.

  The other rail, twenty-five feet away, was a metallic
glint; trees raced by like patches of green blur, while in
the distance the forests, the streams, and the snow-cov-
red landscape seemed to be revolving on a huge wheel.
Pressing his face against the glass, Nally was able to
see the transparent disc that denoted the propeller.

  A sharp curve was negotiated without slowing down
01 “banking.” Therefore, Nally decided, the train
must be kept upright by means of gyroscopes. He
mused on this; thinking how curious it was that the
mere revolution of a weighted wheel should seemingly
overcome the effects of gravity and inertia; how a
heavy wheel of no greater size than twenty-five feet
should conquer the wild roll of an ocean liner hundreds
of feet in length; of its great value to the navies in the
fact that it controlled submarines through the depths
with uncanny accuracy, made perfectly stable platforms
for the newer anti-aircraft guns and searchlights, and
last, but not least, made the automatic stability control
of aircraft mechanically possible. His reveries were
interrupted when the conductor came through the car
punching tickets.

  “Say,” demanded Nally, searching for his ticket
which he had intentionally misplaced in order that he
could inveigle the conductor into conversation, “do these
trains ever jump the rail?”

  The conductor grinned. “No, they don’t jump off,
they FLY off when we hit a snowdrift. Seriously,
this is about the safest form of high-speed transport
yet devised, including the plane. During the two years
we have been operating we have had but few accidents
—all caused by snow drifting across the rail. Find
your ticket?”

  “Yes, here it is. By the way, what is the speed
limit?” He glanced at the meter which now quivered
at 79 miles.

  “Sometimes the express trains, three or four cars,
rip over the rail at 150 coming down from the moun-
tains, but the average doesn’t go above 110 on the level
stretches.”

  Nally was dazed, to say the least. One hundred and
fifty miles an hour! A commerce carrier, three times

as fast as the fastest crack trains! And a monorail at
that! How was it that the world did not know of it!

  At six that evening the porter called dinner. Nally
happened to be one of those whose tickets had “first
call.” He was seated by an attentive waiter.

  He never forgot that dinner. The luxuriously dec-
orated and panelled car might have been the private
salon of some hotel instead of the dining car of a mono-
rail train rushing at ninety miles an hour over the snow-
drifted valleys of British Columbia.

  As he left the diner, Nally came upon the conductor
and halted him with the question as to whether passen-
gers were allowed to inspect the “engine.” Receiving a
nod of affirmation, Nally hurried forward, for he had
been waiting impatiently all afternoon to see the control
car of this wonder train.

  Stepping into the “engine,” expecting to find it
crammed with all sorts of interweaving pipes and tubes,
he experienced a tinge of disappointment. Two huge,
mechanically neat, softly drumming gasoline motors
were coupled to a large generator partly sunken into the
floor. That reminded him of the gyroscopes. Nowhere
had he seen a trace of them. Those massive wheels
undoubtedly were set below the floors of the car and
hence were of immense weight, as they were corre-
spondingly small in comparison with the cars. Perhaps
there were more than two to each car? If that were
so, the generator must produce an unusually heavy cur-
rent to take care of all the gyroscope motors and the
many driving motors. An unusual amount.

  Instead of the messy levers and valves, customarily
in use, there was a slate switchboard illuminated by a
single shaded light. In the dim radiance cast by this,
Nally made out the form of the motorman in a com-
fortable seat forward. Before the motorman was a
small board, no larger than the average radio panel,
set with numerous toggle switches. The train was
operated by what is known as “remote control/’ No-
heavy, sticking levers or handles to twist or turnr~5im-
ply a light finger touch would bring into action a com-
plicated system of timers and starting rheostats, while
another touch would reverse the pitch of the screws,
bringing the train to a quick, cushioned stop.

NALLY became conscious of a shrilling whistle that
seemed to come from outside the car and he was
unable to locate it until he suddenly recalled the high
speed at which the train was traveling. He stepped
closer to the window, glancing at the calm, square-
jawed motorman whose eyes never strayed from the
glittering ribbon of steel that rolled in, outlined in the
beams of the twin headlights. The lights flashing over
the trestlework, giving it an unearthly, fragile appear-
ance and tinting the trees with a silver fringe that stood
out abrupt from the surrounding darkness, seemed to
beckon the train to greater speeds. Yet almost two
miles of that ribbon were covered every minute!

  He rested his elbows on the wide ledge, watching the
black blurs that were distant trees flee backwards, noted
the reflection of the wan moon on the frozen rivers and
streams, and mused on the great change this road was
bound to make in the beautiful snow-bound countries
MONORAIL

835

of the north. A green light appeared in the distance,
grew larger, and was gone.

  Clear track.

  Another light, a white one this time, grew from a
pinpoint so rapidly that Nally knew it to be a train com-
ing from the opposite direction.

  “Here comes the Meteor, the fastest mail express on
the road,” announced the motorman. “She’s hitting it
up pretty on the level. I’ll bet there isn’t a plane in
these parts that can show their tails to her when she
gets going.”

  A minute later a streak of whitened windows showed
for an instant on the opposite track. A trailing blast
of an air whistle marked its passing.

ALL the next day the monotrain hummed deeper into
. the snow-banked regions. After a pause at Daw-
son to exchange crews and refuel, the train left at
seven—exactly fifteen hours after leaving Mono City.
With the city behind, a raging snowstorm was encoun-
tered as the train began to climb the mountains. Here-
tofore, the run had been on an almost level track, wind-
ing in and out of the mountains, detouring them. But
now the contour was more rugged, passes were infre-
quent; so the track twisted and curled up the eleva-
tions and ran in an almost sheer drop down the oppo-
site sides. At times the other rail would curve away
and would not reappear for fifteen or twenty miles.

  After following the Yukon River to Circle, the train
struck the divide between the Yukon and the Kuskok-
wim Rivers. Almost an hour of steady climbing and
then the train hurtled over the summit.

  The snow whirled and eddied about the cars as they
dipped down. The shrill of the air grew intense; the
speedometer crept up—90, 100; stood a bit at 120; and
reached its peak at 135! Still not a trace of vibration
could be felt, so well laid was that single rail. Soon
the speed decreased to normal, for the divide was left
far behind.

  As the hours flew by and the train dashed across the
wastes, Nally began to see the advantages of the mono-
rail system over all other means of transportation. Ele-
vated on a single thin ribbon of steel, propelled by air-
screws which know no icy, slippery track, the “mono”
had every and all the advantages of the modern steam
or electric “two-rail” railroad plus the speed of the air-
plane. Although the blizzard howled and tore, and
snow, small stinging particles from the mountain tops,
made sight of objects fifty feet away impossible, the
“mono” shot over the rail at daring speed. What mat-
tered a head wind when forty racing screws thundered
their defiance? The motorman knew the section and
relied upon his safety devices and signal lights, spaced
every eighth mile, to warn him of danger.

  Nushagak was reached at seven in the evening, and
the train with a new crew took up the last leg of the
3,300 mile trip.

  Restless, for the trip was becoming monotonous,
Nally wandered through the train glancing at the pas-
sengers. The coaches were almost empty. Very few,
except those on business, made the trip to Nome or be-
yond in mid-winter. By far, the greater number of

these were natives, prospectors and traders. Here and
there was a man or woman whose dress and actions
made it evident that this was their first trip north. In
the forward coach Nally came upon a group of roughly
dressed men, fur caps pulled down over their faces,
hiding them, presumably asleep. One regarded Nally
unfavorably through blinking eyes.

  Nally passed on through the narrow communicating
door to the “engine” and sought his former position at
the window.

  The dazzling beams of the headlights apparently dis-
appeared at a point fifty feet from the car. From that
point a glowing radiance swept back—a grayish radi-
ance, cut and streaked by blinding, white-hot meteors
that came shooting in from the regions beyond that
reached by the lights. The interior of the “engine”
was dimly illuminated by the reflections. Below, the
rail rolled in under the train—straight and true as a taut
wire. The screws thundered and whined as the chang-
ing blasts of the blizzard tore and pulled at the cars.
But they, thanks to those spinning gyroscopes, were as
rigid and unyielding as the mountains themselves.

  Turning to the motorman, Nally commented, “Bad
night.”

  “You bet. Nothing to worry about, though. We’ll
roll into Nome on time.”

  “But, what if something should happen?”

  “What, for instance?” queried the motorman.

  “Well—broken rail,” hazarded Nally, knowing this
accident could cause a terrible wreck should the train
hit an open spot at the pace it was then going.

  “Broken rail? See that green colored plate on the
“toggle board”? When a red light flashes in its place
a number of things may have happened. A tree may
have fallen on the rail, a bowlder may have demolished
a part of the trestle, or the cold may have snapped or
sprung a switch. If this train is on the section in which
the trouble lies, an automatic trip-arrangement throws
off the power within the train. Immediately the emer-
gency brakes are applied and we come to a stop.”

  “What I can’t puzzle out,” continued Nally after a
pause, “is how you could keep upright after the power
is off. These cars look so top-heavy that it is a wonder
they don’t fall over when we go ’round a curve.”

  “If all the power was off, the gyroscopes would keep
us upright for almost an hour. In that time, if we
could not get going again, that is, if we had motor-
generator trouble, we’d drop supporting bars to the
trestle transverse members and we would be held up-
right that way.”

  “The conductor out of Mono City mentioned run-
ning off the rail when hitting snow drifts. Is that
true?”

  “In a way, yes,” agreed the motorman. “The sur-
veyors, when laying out the roadway, took into account
those places where the snow drifted high and so made
the trestle-work higher to clear. But, you know, man
can’t guess all of Nature’s tricks. And so it happens
that once in a while we come upon a drift that is higher
than the rail and, if we see it in time, all is well. If
not, we just dig straight through, tunneling into the
drift until the ‘mono’ stops.”
836

AMAZING STORIES

NALLY listened to the shrilling wind and hoped no
drifts lay ahead that night. At least, not while
he was in the “engine.” “By the way,” he continued,
“how is it that this road hasn’t been made known to the
world. I never knew it existed until a day ago.”

  “I couldn’t say for sure. From what I’ve heard, this
is an experimental road built by a large American firm.
If this system works out, they expect to cover the entire
American continent with a vast monorail system. I
guess it’s to cut down opposition and hard feelings that
news of it is kept quiet. Even so, I guess a great many
people know that we’re doing a paying business up here,
hauling a tremendous amount of freight that would
ordinarily go to the boats.”

  “Boy!” ejaculated Nally, “that would be great!
Think of going from New York to Chicago in nine
hours! Goodbye to the old forty-five mile an hour
‘chuggers.’ ”

  There was a movement to their rear and as Nally
turned to see what caused it, a new voice broke in:
“Reach for the roof and be quick about it, if you want
to live to see those monorail trains. Up.”

  The motorman glanced back and his face showed
surprise as he threw off the power.

  Four men in the rough garb of the northland stood
covering them with automatics. Nally recognized them
as the fellows he had noticed in the forward coach.
Evidently some sort of a train robbery was being
staged. Alaska was the last frontier and a few of
Jesse James’ descendants roamed her mountain fast-
nesses and plains.

  Nally submitted to the rough handling of the bandits,
who quickly had him bound and tied to a stanchion of
the large switchboard. The motorman was tied about
six feet away from him. Meanwhile the fellow who
was apparently the leader studied the starting mechan-
ism and, when the rope benders had completed their
job, the four left the car.

  “What in the world do those fellows want?” de-
manded Nally, after making several fruitless attempts
to loosen his bonds.

  “Nothing—Why! Yes, there is! We have about
$9,000 in gold aboard that we picked up at Dawson.
These fellows must have gotten wind of the shipment,”
murmured the motorman. “I’m wondering what they’ll
do after they find the gold.”

  After a few minutes the bandit chief returned. He
grinned as he inspected Nally’s and the motorman’s
bonds. Then he busied himself about the switchboard,
winding copper cable about the fuse blocks.

  “Say, what are you doing there?” demanded the mo-
torman, realization of what was to follow dawning
upon him.

  “Want to know?” he laughed, throwing the coil of
cable to the floor. “Yes? With you two tied to the
floor, the door locked, and the safety fuses shunted,
what is going to prevent this train from piling at
Twenty Mile Hill? What if the bridge were blown
out? How does that hit you?”

  “Why, you crazy loon, don’t you know what you
are about to do ?” cried Nally, seeing the man was seri-
ous.

  “This is my little joke!” laughed the bandit. “Just
think of hitting that open bridge at 120 miles an hour.
Some mess when this car plunges on the rocks below!
Eh, what?”

  “Who are you?” shouted the motorman, beside him-
self with anger.

  “That’s telling tales that will not concern you within
an hour,” retorted the robber, turning on his heel. At
the forward end of the car he took a ball of twine from
his pocket and tying one end on the starting toggle
switch, he backed out of the car, laying the cord care-
fully on the floor. He ran the string under the door,
closed and locked it.

  “Well, I’ll be a d— fool,” exploded the motorman.
“That rascal is the trickiest fellow I’ve ever seen. He
can start the train from the ground—outside, knowing
that the switch has to be pushed forward to bring the
train to a stop. Look! The cord!”

  As he spoke, the string grew taut, the switch snapped
back, and a series of clicks from the switchboard told
that the starting mechanism was at work. The train
was in motion without a hand at the controls!

  Beside the trestle some ten men watched the slow
start of the monorail train with crazy grins contorting
their faces.

  “Wait until they reach the bridge,” suggested the
leader, “they’ll be sorry for having automatic control,”
A loud roar of amusement came from the men. The
red and green tail-lights faded into the swirling snow.

  The monorail train speeded up while the thud of
the motors and the whine of the generator grew louder.

  “How far is that bridge?” queried Nally, a curious
dry feeling settling in his mouth.

  “Thirty miles or so. All down grade,” mumbled the
motorman, struggling to break loose.

  “The safety devices. They’ll stop us ?”

  “Not now. That”—the motorman’s double-edged,
ozone-generating explosion forced a break—“aid of the
devil fixed those up so they are useless.”

  Nally turned and twisted, trying to loosen the rope?
a little. Just a little. But they would not give. He
did not hesitate, but struggled on, the sweat of despera-
tion rolling down his cheeks. He had to get loose!
Every second brought that bridge that much closer.
Closer, nearer, faster!

  His thoughts leaped ahead of the train. He saw the
train rushing over the snow-drifted valley down which
the train was plunging, with grinning Death at the con-
trols, the open bridge ahead, the sickening lurch of the
cars as they fought to keep upright, and then, the rend-
ing crash of metal on unyielding rock. He almost
leaped out of bounds, for at that moment there came
a frenzied pounding at the door.

  “Hey, Dickinson, open the door.”

  “Can’t. We’re bound to the floor. Break it down.
And for the love of life be quick about it. The bridge
is out and we can’t stop,” screamed the motorman.

  The train lurched wildly around a curve, its gyro-
scopic stability almost overcome by inertia. Straight-
ening out, the “mono” streaked along at headlong speed
as it dropped down the long, last grade.

  Nally’s ropes slipped a trifle. He was in agony; the
MONORAIL

837

mental strain and the pain from his torn wrists drew
muffled groans from his lips. On him or the motorman
depended the lives of those in the other cars.

 A crash 1

The passengers and crew, now alive to their dan-
ger, were cutting through the thin metal door with
wreck axes.

 The screech of the air about the cars was ear-rending.

The axe head went on cutting long jagged streaks
in the door.

Nally and the motorman looked resignedly at each
other, for their sharpened senses had felt the wheels
pound across the derail switch set a half mile from the

bridge. At the present rate a few seconds away.

  The door collapsed at the next stroke and the relief
motorman flew to the control board and threw the
screws into reverse. The train slid onward, emergency
brakes screaming, screws churning up the air. The car
became crowded with shouting, milling men. Dicken-
son was released and he and Nally stumbled forward.

  They looked ahead. Then at each other, amazed. In
the glare of the headlights lay the long trestle bridge,
unhurt and standing!

  “It wasn’t blown up,” stuttered Nally, as the truth
dawned upon him. “It was the bandit’s little joke—
to draw our attention away from him.”

  THE END

before the ice age

By Alfred Fritchey

   (Continued from page 831)

  “Think of what it means to mankind!” observed
Doctor Monk. “Maybe the secret of the earth’s shift-
ing of its poles can be learned.”

  Doctor Eddy picked up one of the plate-books. “How
much writing is on one plate?” he asked.

  “As much as is on about twenty-five pages of an
average book. Each of these squares is a page. Look
and see!”

  Professor Eddy gazed through his friend’s magnify-
ing glass. “Wonderful!” he cried. “We are looking
at the first book, Doctor.”

  As it was now time to knock off work for the day,
the professors and everybody else left the cavern and
returned to camp, thinking nothing would be molested:
as one would naturally think in the mountains where
even doors are left unlocked.

  But they reckoned without taking into consideration
the stupidity of some corporations. It is true the
power part of the tunnel was the primary concern of
those at the top. But—they might have taken a bit
more interest in the excavation still going on. If they
had done so, such an irreparable loss would not have
taken place.

  The night shift, which had been at work when the
opening up of the secret chamber had been carried out,
asked no questions as to whether explosions would in
any way affect the discoveries made. Instead, when
Parker—and I blame Dan for this—came to leave the
hole, he touched off the holes he had drilled.

  -Professor Monk gave a gasp and nearly fainted
when he heard the shots.

  "What’s wrong?” asked Professor Eddy.

  “Nothing,” answered the other, “but they might have
told us.”

 “Who?”

  “Whoever set off those shots.”

  “You’re right!” exclaimed Doctor Eddy. “It might
have ruined those caskets. They looked like glass
to me.”

IV.

PROFESSOR MONK was so wrought up he
could not sleep that day. You see, he had been
on the night shift opening up that chamber of
mysteries. Sp he went and got Professor Eddy, who
was also awake, and the two went up to have a look.

  Now I wasn’t along this time, so I’ll have to give
hearsay: and hearsay, as anyone knows, is unreliable.

  When the two savants came to the room of their
wonderful discoveries, they were aghast. And well
they might be. There was not a thing to be seen of
all that list of wonders. Professor Monk tottered.
“You will not have to learn Aramaic now, Professor
Eddy,” he said brokenly.

  “Why ?” asked Eddy, stunned and not knowing what
he said.

  “Nothing to read.”

  “Where are the tablets?”

  Doctor Monk picked up a handful of sand at the
foot of the pedestal where the book sheets had reposed.
“This is all that remains of them,” he said. “They
were made of glass.”

“But the caskets!” cried Eddy. “Where are they ?”

  Monk picked up a handful of sand from a heap at
the foot of the carved mammoths: “This is part of
them!” he said.

  “But the bodies!” interposed Eddy.

  “You don’t grasp the nature of our discovery,” ex-
plained Monk. “They were not bodies. They were
glass replicas of the original. They were wonderful
likenesses.”

  “I’ll say they were,” said Eddy. “And the maps
and histories?”

  “Glass, all glass!” whispered Monk hollowly.

  “No wonder nothing remains of that age,” remarked
the other. “Nothing of the pre-glacial age! It was
an Age of Glass!”

THE END.
Me SPACE BENDER.

  Hy Edward L. Rementer

PART I.

The Fourth Dimension

          HE disappearance of Professor Jason T.
          Livermore, the eminent scientist, was one
          of those unaccountable mysteries that
          could not be explained. There was noth-
          ing on which to base a theory; no fact on
          which to begin an investigation. He simply disap-
          peared. That was all there was to it.

  As his private secretary and pupil, Randolph S.
Forbes was subjected to endless questioning from the
professor’s many friends in the scientific and social
worlds. It was all to no purpose. He knew nothing
and could tell nothing.

  On the night preceding Livermore’s disappearance,
Forbes had accompanied him to a gathering at Newton
Hall, where the scientist had made a brilliant speech
on the possibility of parallel lines meeting if sufficiently
prolonged. Afterwards they had driven directly to
the professor’s home and both had retired for the
night.

  In the morning it was found that Professor Liver-
more had disappeared without leaving the slightest
trace. His bed was unused and everything else was in
perfect order. There was no word—nothing. He
had vanished like an extinguished light.

He never was seen again.

The excitement caused by
the total disappearance of
so well known a man was
intense, but time causes all
to be forgotten. After a
while public interest was
transferred to an Indian
Prince who was reputed to
have five hundred wives.

In reality the man belonged
to a cult which prohibited
marriage altogether.

  Forbes was retained by
Professor Livermore’s suc-
cessor, and affairs settled
into their usual routine.

Yet he could not entirely
forget. Livermore had been a good employer and he
had had the personality of one in a thousand. Although
an excellent man and kindness itself, the new incum-
bent was hopelessly academic. He entirely lacked the
giant mentality and breadth of vision of his distin-
guished predecessor.

LATE one stormy night, many years after Profes-
sor Livermore had vanished, Forbes, now a
man well along in middle age, was sitting alone
in his chambers—thinking. He had reached that medi-

tative mood on the borderland of sleep, when he was
startled to hear the doorbell ring.

  Opening the door, he saw a decent looking man of
about fifty who, to judge from his general appearance,
was some kind of high grade workman. Under his
left arm he held a small package which he was at some
pains to shield from the wind and rain.

  “I want to see Mr. Forbes,” he stated. “Mr. Ran-
dolph S. Forbes is the full name, I believe. He lives
here, doesn’t he?”

  “I am Randolph S. Forbes,” the secretary replied,
at a loss to fathom his visitor’s business. An idea of
some new hold-up technique flashed through his mind,
to be dispelled by the self-evident solid, middle-class
respectability of his visitor. Just then a particularly
vicious gust of wind almost blew the door from its
hinges, dashing a cloud of rain into their faces. The
requirements of ordinary courtesy asserted themselves.

  “You had better step inside,” Forbes advised. “This
is a poor night for vestibule conversation.”

  “It is rather moist, to say the least,” the stranger
agreed with a pleasant smile that put at rest any
lingering doubts about burglars. “I won’t keep you
long,” he added.

  The man laid his precious package on the table and
unfastened the wrapping. Inside was an unusually
thick necked bottle, made of some substance that looked

like opaque glass. He con-
tinued :

  “I am the foreman of the
gang which is working on
the new subway out in the
Arlington district. Yester-
day we dug up this queer-
looking bottle. It has your
name and address on it, so
I told the super I would
stop around and give it to
you on my way home from
the Union meeting tonight.
Is it yours?”

  Forbes took the bottle and
examined it more closely.
It was about the size and
shape of a common milk
bottle, but where the cardboard cap should have been
was a lid that apparently was screwed on. His own
name and address was written on this lid.

  Forbes was interested in the material of the bottle,
which was unlike anything he had ever seen before. It
seemed to be glass, but was not brittle enough, for it
bent slightly inwards under the pressure of his fingers.
Also, it was far stronger than any glass in ordinary
use, for, according to the foreman, the bottle had been
struck directly with a pick and had not broken, as
could be seen.

 J-J ERE is a capital story that you cannot help but en-
      joy hugely.

   What, after all, is evolution, and ivhat surprising form is
 it not likely to take? If you were ever at an aquarium and
 noticed some of the amazing and altogether inconceivable
 forms that marine life take on, not even the most grotesque
 form imaginable can prove surprising to you thereafter. Fish
 that carry their own light supply in their eyes; fish that carry
 their own saw; fish that have their own vacuum suction
 arrangement and dozens of others equally astounding, no
 longer phase us.

   On the other hand, did you ever see a man with a typical
 face that looked like a fox; a man ivho looked like a pig,
 and still another man who had a bird-like appearance?
 Biologists tell 11s that all of this is inherited from the lower
 animals.

   “The Space Bender" makes this clear to the nth degree.

838
To my consternation, my guides (I no longer regarded them as captors) hesitated not a moment, but proceeded to mount the giddy
way with the utmost unconcern. I hung back. They motioned for me to come on, evidently entirely failing to understand the cause

of my reluctance.

839
840

AMAZING STORIES

  By this time Forbes was interested almost to the
point of excitement. What could it be? Who had
addressed it to him and then buried it several feet
underground? A thought struck him. Perhaps it was
a practical joke played by some of the college football
team, with most of whom the agreeably mannered sec-
retary was on good terms.

  If that were the game, they should not have the
satisfaction of having their emissary witness the con-
summation of their pleasantry—not if he could help
it. He gave the man some cock and bull story which
was accepted without comment, thanked him for de-
livering the thing and, slipping him something a little
more substantial than thanks, got rid of him.

  As soon as he had gone, Forbes tried to unscrew the
cap, but could not budge it, although he exerted all
his strength. He was about to resort to a hammer and
chisel (although what use a chisel would have been on
a substance like glass, that was as tough as India rub-
ber, is difficult to imagine) when the happy expedient
of trying it left-handed occurred to him. To his sur-
prise, the cap came off without any trouble. Inside
was a quantity of closely written manuscript. The idea
of a joke grew stronger.

  “Ha! Ha!” he laughed, jesting with himself. “The
manuscript found in a bottle, eh? By Edgar Allan
Poe, alias Tom, Dick or Harry of the football team.
A clue to Captain Kidd’s treasure, no doubt. All
right, boys. If you can go to the trouble of writing all
that stuff and making a left-handed milk bottle out of
the Lord knows what for the sake of a practical joke
on me, I’m game enough to see it through. So here
goes 1”

  He took out the manuscript, half expecting to find
it a copy of Caesar’s Gallic War or something of the
sort, glanced carelessly at it and dropped his pipe in
completely dumbfounded amazement.

  Here was no joke. He knew that writing. There
was no possibility of a mistake. Too often had he
copied pages of it, correcting spelling and grammar,
with which details the writer never bothered—that, he
told his secretary, was his job. It was the writing of
the vanished scientist, Professor Jason T. Livermore!

  Trembling with excitement, Forbes smoothed out the
pages with shaking fingers. The writing was on some
land of white substance, the nature of which he could
not determine. It was like paper, but thinner, more
delicate. The ink, too, was different from any ink
with which he was familiar. It was a beautiful shade
of faint purple that seemed to glitter and gleam with
some interior luster. For some unaccountable reason,
Forbes thought of his pet cat. Glancing down, he
saw old Archibald, as he called the creature, looking
at him with an intent stare.

  Paying no further attention to Archibald, who made
a couple of dignified noises and disappeared, he rap-
idly skimmed through portions of the manuscript and
felt his eyeballs literally starting from their sockets
with stark, unadulterated wonder. Sinking into the
most convenient chair, he automatically lighted his pipe
and read, and read, and read.

  Never before, since the world began, had anyone come

across such a tale as lay before his wondering eyes!

  What the world would say, he knew not. Nor did
he care. He, at least, believed. Professor Jason T.
Livermore was the very type and soul of the cautious
scientist who meticulously verifies every conclusion by
the most detailed investigation and experiment. It was
not in the man to perpetrate such an elaborate hoax,
particularly a hoax without any conceivable motive.

  No—let the crowd say what it would; Forbes be-
lieved. Of doubters he would ask two questions: First,
where was Professor Livermore? Second, of what
substances were the bottle and manuscript composed?
When these were answered, perhaps he would be skep-
tical. Until then, he would believe!

  This is the story as recorded on the manuscript by
Professor Jason T. Livermore:

«* A S you know, I have always been particularly
interested in the rather fantastical subject of
-*■ the fourth dimension. To my mind, the pos-
sibility of a fourth dimension has opened a field for
scientific investigation, where results might be obtained
beyond our wildest dreams.

  “The theory that time was the fourth dimension,
however, was something I could not accept. This in-
volved the corollary that it was possible to travel in
time the same as in any other dimension. I hold such
a feat to be impossible because time does not exist!

  “All arguments relative to time traveling seemed to
me to rest on a fallacy. This is the belief that things
exist, even for the fractional part of a second, in a
state of rest. They do not. Everything is in a state
of flux. Change is eternal. It is just this change that
we call life.

  “Time merely measures the duration of existence. It
has no entity apart from the thing existing. A child
is born. When it has lived one year it has gone through
certain processes of growth, which took place while
the earth completed its orbit around the sun. While
the child undoubtedly did and does exist, it is impos-
sible to point to any particular moment and say, ‘Now!
This is the time the child exists!’ In the very act of
selecting the moment, that moment has become the past.
Growth or change has proceeded and a child, different
to the extent of such growth or change, now exists.

  “Time is simply a measure of the processes of life,
the same as a foot is a measure of length. Who ever
heard of a ‘foot long’ apart from something that is
a foot long? We have marked on a rule a division
we call a foot. When a piece of string is a ‘foot long,’
we mean it has the same extension in length as the
division on the rule we call a foot and to which we
compare it.

  “In the same way, when a child is a ‘year old,’ we
mean it has completed certain biological functions
while the earth was completing certain orbital move-
ments to which we compare it. The term, ‘a year
long,’ apart from the entity functioning during that
period, has no more being than the term, ‘a foot long’
has apart from the thing possessing that extension in
space.”

Forbes paused for breath. This was certainly pretty
THE SPACE BENDER

841

stiff reading. Rather dubiously he thought, if the
rest of the manuscript continued in that vein, he stood
an excellent chance of being in the lunatic asylum by
the time he got through. He did have a hazy notion
of what Livermore meant, though. Although he was
.not a famous scientist like his former chief, Forbes
was by no means a fool. He possessed a very clear
and logical mind. He summed it up, walking about
the room and checking the points on his fingers.

  Time could not be a dimension. One can move about
in a dimension. To travel in time one must assume a
whole series of events, past, present and future, all
going on at once.

  A novel idea came into his mind. It was so gro-
tesque, it caused him to smile. He could put all his
money out at interest, travel a hundred years into the
future, collect the fortune and return to the present, a
rich man.

  Or, he could go backwards into the past, give him-
self good advice as to how he should avoid mistakes
he had made and so grow up to be a different man
but—then there would be two of him at present in-
stead of one! No, no—the thing was too absurd.
Livermore was' right. Time was not the fourth
dimension.

   He relighted his faithful pipe, assisted Archibald,
who had reappeared, to a strategic position on his knee,
and went on with his reading.

  “From the above,” the manuscript continued, “it is
easy to see that abstract terms of all kinds are really
meaningless. Concrete things exist and have being,
possessing the special qualities proper to their particu-
lar form of existence, but the qualities in themselves
do not and cannot exist apart from the object of which
they are attributes.” It went on:

« T EAVING out of consideration the ether with
which our present argument is not concerned,

  1 J space is nothing. It is the absence of some-
thing. Hence, paradoxical as it may seem, space does
exist, as a mental concept, simply by being nothing!

   “To make my meaning clear, try to think of the color
red without thinking of some object that is red. You
can’t do it. But you can easily think of space without
anything in that space. In fact, so soon as you put
something in space, that particular part of space
ceases to be space just because there is something there.

  “Therefore it is possible to travel, to move about
freely in space. We know of three basic ways in which
we can move, each of them at right angles to another:

  “(a) Forwards and backwards, or length, (b) side-
ways, or breadth, and (c) up and down, or depth.
In other words, space, as we know it, permits objects
to move in three dimensions or combinations of the
same. There is no reason to suppose, however, that
other beings, differently constituted, may not know a
space allowing other dimensions—four, by way of ex-
ample. It is not a question of the attributes of space.
Space has no attributes, being the absence of attributes.
It is a question of the faculties for perception of the
beings inhabiting space.

  “Assume a two dimensional world. A universe in

which people have a knowledge of length and breadth,
but no knowledge of the third dimension, depth. Such
a world would be the surface of a map. The inhabi-
tants of our hypothetical mapworld would move about
on the surface of the map much as a block of wood
floating just awash in a tub of water would move about.

  “They would live in or on the surface of the map
which would be their space. Their range of vision
would be forwards, backwards and sideways, but never
up or down. They would have no knowledge of up or
down, which requires a third dimension. To them,
the third dimension would not exist any more than the
fourth dimension exists for us. However, it would be
there, just the same, exactly as the fourth dimension
may exist in spite of the fact that we know nothing
about it.

  “Suppose the map were produced upon the surface
of a globe. It would then be in a three dimensional
world, but the inhabitants of mapworld, looking along
rather than out of their two dimensional space, would
never know it. Their space would still appear to be
flat, to have only two dimensions.

  “It would be an axiom of the geometry of the map-
world that parallel lines could not meet. Yet if two
mapworld professors should travel sufficiently far
along two of their supposed parallel lines known as
meridians of longitude, they would find they did meet
at the poles. If they were not blockheads, this fact
would prove the existence of a third dimension.

  “Certain experiments disclosed that some of our
apparently parallel lines, if sufficiently prolonged in our
three dimensional space, showed a tendency to come
together. This indicated the existence of a fourth
dimension.

  “I set myself to work to prove it. By a series of
experiments dealing with the speed of light and a num-
ber of other things, I reached a point where I was
obliged to accept the existence of another dimension, at
right angles to the ordinary three dimensions. This
was the much talked of ‘fourth dimension.’

  “All that was required was the ability to see it, to
experience it, and—to get into it. Yes, to get into it,
for I made up my mind to devote my life, if necessary,
to perfecting a machine, of which I already had the
rough idea, that would project me out of our universe
into the fourth dimension!

  “You must not think that this idea is as fantastic
as it seems. I had no intention of trying to remain
in a universe of four dimensions for any length of
time. I knew well enough such an attempt would
mean my death,

  “If you will stop to consider for a moment, you will
see this inevitably would be the case. Let us return to
our analogy of mapworld. To one of these people
a square, for instance, would not look like what we
call a square. Looking straight ahead or to either
side, all they could see would be two of the boundaries
of the square or two lines vanishing into the distance
at an angle.

  “To us, however, a square is an entirely different
thing. Looking dozvn upon it, we see an area of sur-
face inclosed by four straight lines. We see the inside
842

AMAZING STORIES

of it. A square viewed in a three dimensional world
is so utterly different from a square viewed in a two
dimensional world that it is not the same thing at all.
From the mapworlders view, it is not a square at all.

  “In the same way, if I succeeded in transporting
myself into the fourth dimension, a cube would be as
different from what we call a cube, as a square, viewed
from three dimensions, would be different from what
our two dimensional friends would call a square. It
wouldn’t be a cube. It would be something else.

  “So with everything. A four-dimensional world
would be so far removed from anything which the five
senses of humanity are capable of appreciating, that
the functions of the human body—made for use in a
world of three dimensions—would cease, and death
would result.

  “It was my purpose to enter the fourth dimension
but to return to the normal world of three dimensions
before the merest fraction of time had elapsed. In
this way, I hoped to be able to survive, just as it is
possible to step quickly through a room full of poison
gas without being killed. Also I should take the extra
precaution of drugging myself into a state of insensi-
bility to avoid the terrific sensations attendant upon
entry into a world not made for men.

  “No doubt you will wonder what use the experi-
ment would be if it were to last only a second, espe-
cially since I should be unable to see anything even for
that second ? So far as the fourth dimension was con-
cerned, it would be no use at all. The fourth dimen-
sion was not what I intended to investigate. It ad-
mitted of no investigation by humanity. My plan
was to make use of the fourth dimension to travel
distances in the third dimension, which were otherwise
impossible to man. In short, I had made up my mind
to go to the planet Venus!

“'TMIERE were several reasons why I selected
Venus as the object of my stupendous journey.
The conditions likely to be found on that planet
closely resembled those on this earth. The size of
Venus (its diameter is about 7,700 miles) is very nearly
that of the earth, while its mass and density bear the
respective relations of .82 and .94 to those of the earth.
These facts were of great importance.

  “If I went to a heavenly body much less than the
earth in size, mass and density, my weight would be
so much reduced that walking about would consist of
a series of gigantic leaps and bounds, which it is
doubtful if an organism, constituted as yours and mine
are, could survive, even allowing that the shock of
alighting would be correspondingly lessened.

  “On the other hand, to visit a planet possessing the
opposite characteristics, might increase my weight so
that I could scarcely move at all. Under these condi-
tions, my bony framework would probably be unable
to support my flesh and I should fall apart.

  “Furthermore, it was reasonably certain that Venus
possessed an atmosphere which would support life,
which was a necessary requirement. There were two
things, however, that gave rise to serious doubts.
Venus, at its mean distance from the sun, is 27,000,000

miles nearer that luminary than is the earth, so that a
temperature considerably hotter than any to which I
was accustomed, might be encountered.

  “On the other hand, some astronomers held that
the inclination of the axis of Venus would produce
a winter correspondingly dangerous at the other ex-
treme.

  “The highest temperature ever recorded on earth
was 134 degrees Fahrenheit, at Death Valley, U. S. A.,
while the lowest temperature on record was 90.4 de-
grees below zero, Fahrenheit, in Siberia.

  “Human life is a very delicate organization, adapted
to this earth. I did not expect to live in a temperature
much outside of these limit's. I dismally reflected. The
question was—should I be roasted or frozen to death?
Well—I must take the chance, just as other pioneers
had done before me.

  “The distance of the planet from the earth made no
difference. By the method I proposed to employ, all
distances were alike. This was literally to bend our
three dimensional space, during the second I should be
in the fourth dimension, so that the planet Venus and
the earth would touch. Not touch in three dimensional
space, you understand, but touch in four dimensional
space. Then, while the planets were in juxtaposition,
my fourth dimensional machine would roll me, totally
unconscious, from the earth to Venus!

  “Most likely you will consider this to be the ravings
of a madman. I assure you, however, I was far from
insane. Theoretically, the thing was quite possible and
I was willing to stake my life (which, of course, I
was doing) that it was also possible practically.

  “Again consider mapworld—a map of the United
States, for instance. On such a map, New York and
San Francisco are represented as approximately three
thousand miles apart. Any creature traveling along
the surface of the map must travel the entire distance
to get from one city to the other. This in two dimen-
sions, the only dimensions of which our mapworld
folks have any knowledge. Nevertheless, you and I,
being in the third dimension, could readily grasp either
end of the map and bend it into a position roughly
approximating a half cylinder, so that the two cities
touch.

  “Furthermore, the inhabitants of the map, to which
they would be bound by the laws conditioning their
two dimensional being, would not know the map had
been bent. As explained before, the map would still
appear flat and they would crawl about in their two
dimensional world entirely unaware that their space—
the map—had been moved through the third dimension.
They might be rather amazed to find themselves trans-
ported from New York to San Francisco in an instant,
but they could have no understanding of how they got
there.

  “My machine, which I actually perfected, after
months of experiment, sleepless nights of unremitting
toil when failure seemed all that I could expect, would,
I believed, when set in motion, project itself into the
fourth dimension, take hold of our three dimensional
space, and bend it until this earth and the planet
Venus met.
THE SPACE BENDER

843

  “I cannot give you an accurate and detailed exposi-
tion of the machine, which I named The Space Bender,
because, frankly, my dear fellow, you would not under-
stand me if I did. Besides, the discovery is mine. I
alone conceived it, thought it out, planned it, made it.
I do not intend to share the secret with anyone, not
even you, old chap, until I feel so disposed.

  “The physical appearance of The Space Bender was
unique and interesting. It was made of a new metal
I invented, resembling copper, but much harder, and
having a gloss and smoothness greater than copper.
I obtained it by subjecting—but there! I said I would
not reveal the secret and I won’t!

  “In general, it looked like a large, ill-shaped pair of
tongs having two sets of grasping implements, one on
each end, with the handle in the middle. There were
certain dials, like the dials on an ordinary radio receiv-
ing set, which enabled me to measure the exact degree
of ‘bend’ I desired. These were what I may term my
‘range finders.’ By their control, it was possible to
make the proper angle of bend to touch Venus instead
of some other stellar body. It was furnished with a
little lever by which the apparatus could be set in
motion. One set of ‘tongs’ would bend three dimen-
sional space. The other set would be fastened around
my body to push me through the fourth dimension
from the earth to Venus.

  “So much for the machine. Everything was ready
by the night of the meeting at Newton Hall. My plans
had been perfected; my arrangements made. I awaited
the adventure. So soon as I left you, I went from my
room to the laboratory, packed a small gripsack with a
number of useful articles, including a good automatic,
throwing an explosive bullet. This was certainly advis-
able. Who could tell what fearful creatures I might
encounter before I got back to earth again?

  “I fastened the machine around my body, set the
dials at the proper positions, took a large dose of mor-
phine and, with my hand on the switch, waited for
the drug to take effect.

  “I knew that I faced death. It was quite possible
that I would never reach Venus; that I would be in-
stantly killed when I set the machine in operation.
Even if I did reach my goal and actually did arrive on
the planet Venus, would I be any better off? What
monsters might I not find there, what terrors, what
horrors undreamed of by terrestrial man? How did
I know what was there? Perhaps there would be
beasts to whom my explosive bullets would merely be
irritating flea bites!

  “In spite of all this, I was calm and collected. I had
taken no one into my confidence. I wished to avoid
becoming the butt of ridicule, if I failed. I knew
what I was doing and was prepared to go through with
it. I was sustained by the support that has upheld
countless martyrs through untold tortures throughout
the ages—the desire for knowledge, the thirst for truth!

  “Ha! I nearly fell asleep then! The morphine was
working! I must throw the switch. No—what’s the
use? It’s too much work. I’ll just drift off to sleep
—to sleep—to . . .

  “This would never do. With a tremendous effort

I roused myself, reached out thousands of miles and
turned the switch.

  “A blinding flash of rose-colored light overwhelmed
me. I felt light as air; my soul soared out, up, on-
wards. . . . My whole being seemed to be aflame, burn-
ing. A terrible sickness seized me. My very bones
were racked and tormented. It did not seem that I
could bear the frightful anguish! With a last ex-
cruciating hell of agony the rose-colored flame burst
into a million bubbles of living, pulsing fire—and van-
ished ! Utter, complete blackness came upon me. I
ceased to feel, to think, to be! It was the end.”

PART II.

Venus

“T WAS awakened by a warm, gentle rain falling
on my face. For a time I made no effort to

  A collect my senses, but lay, with eyes closed,
pleasantly inert, enjoying to the full a delicious sense
of contentment and languor.

  “Gradually it dawned upon me there was something
I ought to do or remember. It tormented me, persist-
ing in spite of all efforts to drive it from my thoughts.
I was extremely hot. The atmosphere was like that
in a greenhouse, humid, sickening, overpowering. I
did not open my eyes, but continued to lie in a kind of
stupor, the perspiration running from every pore.

  “As fast as I would drowse off, the idea of some-
thing neglected would prod me into consciousness.
Curse it! Couldn’t a man even take a nap without
being annoyed in this way? What could it be that I
ought to do? Something, there was—something im-
portant. But try as I would in my half-somnolent
condition, I was unable to recall the circumstance.

  “The rain, which continued to fall with a mild in-
sistence, made me think of water—rivers—boats—
gondolas—Italians—Venice—ye gods! It dawned
upon me. The thing I was trying to remember was
that at this very minute, if my foolhardy experiment
had succeeded, I was no longer on good old mother
earth, I was on the planet Venus, millions, yes millions
of miles away from home, friends and all that I held
dear!

  “Of course, with The Space Bender in my posses-
sion, it would be just as easy to return to the earth
from Venus as to go to Venus from the earth, but—
all this would take time. I should have to go care-
fully over the apparatus to see that it was in perfect
working condition before again venturing on a journey
through the fourth dimension. So, for the time being,
I was isolated on the planet Venus without hope of aid
or protection from whatever dangers might surround
me, other than that afforded by my own efforts.

  “Bosh!’ I thought. “The planet Venus indeed! What
nonsense! Probably the wonderful experiment, in-
stead of opening a new world to mankind, had been
an absurd failure. No doubt at present I was lying
on the laboratory floor with a broken water pipe squirt-
ing in my face! By this time I was fully awake. I
opened my eyes and looked about.

“Something had happened, at any rate. Wherever
844

AMAZING STORIES

I was, I was no longer in the laboratory. I was lying
in a little glade, near a rather swiftly flowing river of
muddy looking water. Tall grass grew all about me,
but not thickly enough to obstruct the vision entirely.
At once I noticed a most unusual peculiarity about this
grass. It was yellow. Not the seared, dead yellow of
autumn, but a bright, fresh yellow, denoting the
strength and vigor of growing youth. Nearby were
some large, bright blue blossoms that made me think
of peonies, although I had never before seen blue ones.
They had a strange odor, which I was unable to place
at first, but which I later associated with catnip.

  “I realized that my amazing adventure really had
succeeded and that actually I was on the planet Venus.
While terribly excited, as you may imagine, I was not
inclined to any grandiloquent theatricals about the
“first man” and all that goes with that sort of thing.
No. My situation was entirely too uncertain and acute
to permit of any posing to myself or to anyone else—
if there were anyone else. It behooved me to go
slowly and keep a wary eye.

  "Feeling unusually thirsty, most likely the after ef-
fects of the drug, I got out my collapsible drinking
cup and dipped a generous portion from the nearby
stream. It was disagreeably warm; in fact, it was
almost steaming, but it answered the purpose. It was
water.

  “It had stopped raining. Glancing up, I saw a
sodden sky through which the sun was trying to peep.
In front of me was a field of yellow grass, in which
some rather large animals were quietly feeding on
enormous white mushrooms. I hid behind a con-
venient hillock and, as you may well believe, gave the
creatures a pretty close scrutiny. I had never seen
anything like them. They were about the size of sheep,
but there the resemblance ended, for these beasts, what-
ever they were, looked exactly like gigantic mice. They
did not appear to be savage; and, to judge from the fact
that they were browsing off some kind of vegetable
growth, they were not carnivorous either. It would
not do to be too sure, however.

  “The sun came out brightly, dissipating the remain-
ing vestiges of storm. Suddenly, without any warn-
ing sound whatever, a man—at least he appeared to be
human—stepped directly in front of me from a neigh-
boring thicket and stood regarding me intently with an
emotionless stare. I did not understand how he could
have moved so silently through the long grass, but he
gave me little time for speculation.

  “With a spring of lightning-like quickness, he leaped
upon me, bore me to the ground with an ease denoting
tremendous strength, and swiftly bound me, so that I
was unable to move hand or foot. He then stood
quietly contemplating me for a short while, during
which time you may well believe that I observed him!
Apparently having satisfied his curiosity, he turned and
walked rapidly away, without so much as a backward
glance.

  “Despite my terrible fear as to what fate was in
store for me, I could not but be interested in my cap-
tor’s personal appearance. In general outline he was
the same as I, myself. In other words, this inhabi-

tant of another planet was human. Of that there was
no doubt. His figure, however, was more sinuous,
more lithesome than any physique possessed by earthly
man. There was a certain innate grace and dignity in
his carriage which contrasted detrimentally to our
jerky, spasmodic walking.

  “His features were most peculiar. His forehead,
while fully broad enough to vouch for an excellent
mentality, nevertheless was flatter and more receding
than ours. His ears were slightly triangular and, most
remarkable of all, they were pitched or slanted for-
ward. The nose was short, straight as an arrow,
and the nostrils were expanded and open.

  “I did not like the fellow’s eyes. They were a
beautiful yellow, tinted with green, but were close
together and had a lurking glitter that gave an uncom-
fortable impression of merciless cruelty. To sum up;
while the man was undeniably handsome, his good looks
were of that sinister beauty one associates with—cats!
That was it; he made me think of a cat.

Y interesting, but certainly fearful reflections,
were interrupted by the man’s return. This
time he was accompanied by several other
similar individuals, under the direction of an elderly
person, dressed in a gorgeous yellow and black striped
cloak, who seemed to be in command. I was partially
unbound and pushed forward in a manner that clearly
indicated I was to accompany my captors.

  “I was perforce obliged to obey. Indeed, I wished to
go with them. I had come these millions of miles to
see what was to be seen. They permitted me to retain
The Space Bender. Why should I hesitate?

  “We entered a closed car, like our sedans, although
the coloring would have excited lively interest on
Broadway. It was black and white, in irregular daubs
or splotches, the same as some black and white cats
are marked. In place of the little image usually found
on our radiator caps was a representation of an out-
spread claw. The talons were about five inches long,
curved and sharply pointed. Of course the thing was
only a metal decoration, but the workmanship was
amazingly clever and produced an extremely realistic
impression. In conjunction with my position, as the
lone representative of another world and the cat-like
appearance of these people, the claw gave me a devil-
ishly uncomfortable feeling.

  “They started the car in much the same way we
start an auto, by shifting a number of levers or gears.
It was very noticeable that the horrible racket, some-
times incident to our starting a car, was entirely lack-
ing. I may mention here that this people hated and
detested all noise. Their earnest efforts had been de-
voted to the elimination of all sound. Instead of horns,
bells, whistles and the like—contrivances intended to
produce sound of one kind or another—they had ma-
chines cunningly devised to prevent all vibrations that
might affect the hearing. I found this out later, of
course. At the time, though, I was merely struck by
the silent smoothness with which the car started and
ran.

  “We proceeded at a moderate pace along an excel-
THE SPACE BENDER

845

'lent road toward what I took to be a distant city. As
we rode along, my guards conversed in low, beauti-
fully modulated, contralto voices utterly unlike the
raucous grunts and shrieks of human speech. The
language was wondrously melodious. It seemed to be
all vowels, with the addition of some extra ones un-
known on earth. Heard by anyone who does not
understand it, our language would, no doubt, sound
like the chatter of apes. To me, the language of this
people closely approximated the purring of well-bred,
refined cats.

  “I began to be less afraid. Clearly, I was in the
hands of rational beings; human beings just as much
as you or I. They had no reason to harm me; I had
injured them in no way and I could not see why they
should wish to do me ill. Furthermore, they ap-
peared extremely interested in me, evidently regarding
me as a subject for scientific investigation and study.

  “Their deportment to me was most kind and con-
siderate. Their manners to one another were excel-
lent. Each occupant of the sedan (I call it that for
want of a better name) sat in his own place, attending
to his own business, except when taking part in the
conversation. No one interrupted or broke in on the
speech of another. As a result, there was an entire
absence of the confusion and tumult that would have
characterized a similar scene on earth. My scientific
training began to dominate my alarm. I really began
to enjoy myself.

  “We entered the city. The streets were broad, spa-
cious and well paved. The material was a kind of
cement that had been treated in a way to deaden all
sound. We rolled sedately on, between large, com-
modious houses surrounded by well-kept gardens of
the prevailing yellow hue, which by this time I had
learned to accept as common to the vegetable life of
Venus. It hurt my eyes. One of the men, noticing
that I blinked, gave me a pair of glasses, which dead-
ened the glare without destroying the ability to see
colors. I wore these for the rest of my sojourn among
this race.

  “A very striking peculiarity of the architecture was
that the window panes were all of opaque glass which
entirely precluded any prying into private affairs either
from without or from within. Evidently this folk had
the excellent habit of attending to their own affairs.

  “I was greatly impressed by the cleanliness displayed
on every hand. They carried this to the pitch of an
obsession. In one of the most beautiful gardens, to
my unutterable astonishment, I saw a person, whom I
judged to be a domestic servant, actually dusting each
separate blade of grass with a little brush apparently
designed for the purpose. I could not help smiling at
the thought of what would happen to a careless smoker,
who scattered ashes on a floor guarded and cleaned
by one of these housewives.

  “We turned into a broad, curving driveway, which
stretched in a graceful sweep between triple rows of
bright orange-colored palms to a two-storied building
of robin’s egg blue marble. The effect of the orange-
hued foliage and the brilliant blue stone may be im-
agined.

  “The first story of this edifice, evidently a public
building of some kind, had no entrance. There was
an opening on the second floor, but I saw no way of
getting to it, save by a double balustrade, which swept
in easy curves, one from the right and one from the
left, from the ground to the floor. As the pathway
along the top of these balustrades was only about three
inches wide, I did not see how anyone, short of a circus
performer, could manage the ascent.

  “To my consternation, my guides, I no longer re-
garded them as captors, hesitated not a moment, but
proceeded to mount the giddy way with the utmost
unconcern. I hung back. They motioned for me to
come on, evidently entirely failing to understand the
cause of my reluctance.

  “I was at a loss to make plain my difficulty, as these
chaps apparently were as sure-footed as cats, and had
no conception of the sensation of dizziness. Finally
I hit upon a way of presenting my case. I walked a
foot or so up the incline and then deliberately stum-
bled and fell off. They consulted together for a while,
after which it was apparent they had grasped my
meaning, although sorely puzzled to assign a reason
for so strange an aberration.

  “The leader ordered two of the party to take hold of
me to steady my steps. By this means I got up safely
and entered the building. The inside was a vast hall
containing a large assortment of luxurious couches and
divans arranged in a circle about a slightly higher dais,
on which reclined a venerable personage, whom I made
out to be the king or other ruler.

  “This man possessed the most enormous moustaches
it has ever been my lot to see. They stuck straight
out on either side of him, to a'distance of at least
eight inches, giving a most ferocious appearance to an
otherwise entirely benign and indolent looking counte-
nance. His peculiarity directed my attention to the
fact—hitherto recognized only by my subconscious
mind—that these people were equipped with inordi-
nately large moustaches, greatly resembling the whis-
kers of a cat.

  “Hanging in silver cages at every available point
about the room, were beautiful yellow birds, exactly
like canaries, but of the size of ravens. These delight-
ful creatures continually sang in voices of exquisite
richness. Their music was unlike any singing of birds
I had ever heard. They produced connected, definite
melodies in four full parts. Imagine it, Forbes, my
boy, if you can! Choral selections, in intricate struc-
ture of rhythm and counterpoint, the equal of any of
our most famous compositions, rendered by the fresh,
unaffected voices of nature’s children of the forest and
meadow—birds! It was a musical glory to stifle the
senses with rapture. It was easy to see this people
had not eliminated all sound, merely such sounds as
they did not wish to hear—such as those produced by
the incompetent performer. Real artists were highly
esteemed.

  “The king raised his hand. In an instant the singing
ceased. After a short consultation with my conduc-
tors, he looked directly at me. He then pointed to a
small person nearby, who carried what I took to be a
846

AMAZING STORIES

couple of large books, and slowly pronounced the word
‘Tomasso.’ After this he rapidly opened and shut his
mouth several times without making a sound. As the
lone representative of my world, I did not like to
appear dense, but I must confess that, for a moment,
I failed to comprehend his meaning. Then it dawned
upon me. The little fellow was named ‘Tomasso’ and
would teach me their language.

  “I smiled in a manner I intended to denote intelli-
gence—perhaps I only looked foolish—and nodded my
head to show I understood. The king, whose name
I later ascertained to be ‘Tabi,’ was satisfied. I was
led away to a room, comfortable in every detail. This
became my home for several weeks, while I was learn-
ing to speak their tongue. I will not bore you with
the manner in which this was accomplished. The
theme has been gone over in every tale and romance
of adventurers thrown among alien races. It will suf-
fice to state that at last I did become fairly proficient
in speaking their soft and melodious language.

“ TT THEN I had become sufficiently adept to con-

  \\/ verse intelligently, I was accorded many in-
" * terviews with King Tabi. Here I met many
of his attendants and counselors, all deeply interested in
what I had to tell them of my world.

  “In turn, they imparted their history and manner of
life to me. It is needless to state it enthralled me. My
daily existence was now a quiet enjoyment of scien-
tific intercourse with refined and cultured beings. Yet,
in spite of all this, ever and anon a wave of horrible
loneliness overpowered me, because of my complete
separation from my kind.

  “For, despite their cultural advancement, and their
kindness, they were different, completely, fundamen-
tally different. It was not the divergence to be found
in a person of another country or another race, who,
for all of his strange ways, was fundamentally the
same human being the world over.

  “It was a chasm impossible to bridge; a gap across
which there was no passage. They were a different
genus! At this point I may as well tell you what I had
already dimly suspected and what you may have
guessed for yourself. They were evolved from cats,
just as we are descended from apes!

  “But do not misunderstand me, my dear Forbes.
They were not cats. They were human beings, just
as much as you and I. They were no more cats than
we are monkeys.

  “Although Venus is a younger planet than the earth,
the more rapid breeding propensities of the feline had
compensated for this adverse time-factor with the re-
sult that their evolution had been fully accomplished.
Generation upon generation of adjustment to environ-
ment—the survival of the fittest and all it implies—
had brought about modifications in the cat, to produce
the cat-man analogous to those impressed upon the ape
to produce the ape-man.

  “Evolution produces but modifications, differentia-
tions. The fundamental germplasm is always present,
breeding true to type throughout the centuries and,
ignore it as we will, yet it forms the dominant theme of

the song of life, nevertheless. It must be so.

  “It is a long way from a meeting at Newton Hall
of scientists arrayed in starched shirt fronts and im-
maculate white ties, to the primeval chaos of the tree-
top, and it was a long way from the sedate, dignified,
handsomely attired men and women attending a func-
tion at King Tabi’s court to the blood and reek of the
jungle, but the ape forms the basis of the one and the
cat lurked beneath the surface of the other.

  “To make clear my meaning, consider the ape-like
characteristics of humanity. Most people accept evo-
lution as a theory that we have been descended from
monkeys and—there conveniently stop. Pushed to its
logical conclusion, however, to be descended from a
common ancestor with the ape means to possess the
same mental make-up as the ape; a million times re-
moved in degree, if you will, but identical in kind.
From this conclusion there is no escape.

  “The insatiable curiosity of the monkey has become,
in man, the scientific zeal that probes the stars and
fathoms the secrets of the invisible atom. In minds
of lesser caliber, however, it has become a miserable
prying into other people’s business. The chatter and
mouthings of the ape have developed into the grandest
oratory; the most noble drama—and also into the
senseless clap-trap of ordinary conversation of the
street. The inconsequential lack of purpose displayed
by monkeys has brought forth mankind’s delight in
wholesome play, games and the like, but it has likewise
wasted the greater part of his efforts in the pursuit of
useless baubles. The acquisitiveness of the ape, the
desire to get hold of things, has given us our property-
sense, from which come the benefits of business and
commerce, but it also has produced the loathsome miser
in his lonely garret.

  “So with all else. Our civilization is simian in ori-
gin, our virtues are simian virtues; our vices are simian
vices; our thoughts, our very selves, are simian, and
simian they will remain.

  “In the same way, in this people, the characteristics
of the cat, under the spur of evolution, had grown
into a mentality which, while removed to the nth de-
gree from the limits of the cat, nevertheless at heart
was the mentality of the cat, to be explained only by
cat psychology.

  “Their civilization (equally as intricate and highly
developed as ours) was a feline civilization, based on
feline hopes and desires and suited only to feline in-
habitants. Its good points were the virtues of cats;
its faults were the imperfections of cats, in which no
other animals save cats would have gone astray. In
them, as in us, the life force had bred true. No mat-
ter how cultured, no matter what intellectual heights
they might scale, cats they were and cats they would
remain until their act was played out and their curtain
rung down.

  “ ‘Our government,’ said King Tabi, leaning back
on his cushion, on which was beautifully depicted in
gold embroidery, a mythological legend representing
a dog presenting a gift of a mouse to some cat-god,
‘compared to yours is a strange mixture of freedom
and despotism,’
THE SPACE BENDER

847

  "He thoughtfully blew a couple of fragrant whiffs
from his catnip perfecto, and knocked off the ash into
a little blue china tray, on which was painted a pretty
love scene where several gay gallants serenaded a
famous belle of a bygone day. He told me this was
a scene from their age of romanticism, corresponding
to our days of chivalry.

  “ ‘From what I have been told, your government is
quite unlike ours,’ I replied, accepting a helping of
roast canary, but tactfully declining a rat sirloin. ‘That
is to be expected, however. Naturally the feline tem-
perament would produce a different ideal from the
simian.’

  “ ‘Yes, quite different,’ his majesty replied. ‘Our
earnestness of purpose’ (a cat never fools; it always
means business, you know) ‘holds that absolute author-
ity is the most efficient way of getting things done.
Hence, in public matters, I exercise a power beyond
any power known to your kind.’

  “ <Our generals in war time have full power,’ I ven-
tured.

  “ ‘True, but according to you, even they are limited
by custom and public opinion. I am limited by noth-
ing. A citizen who questions one of my royal decisions
would not be held at fault. He would be considered
insane and placed in a mad house.’

  “ ‘On the other hand,’ he went on, ‘our love of per-
sonal freedom prevents any attempt to regulate the
lives of the people in private matters. If I tried to
interfere in morals, education, religion and what-not, in
the way you tell me your governments do, my reign
and my life, by a simultaneous end, would pay forfeit
to my temerity.’

  “He delicately sipped a valerian sherbert. ‘But
pshaw, why should I wish to?’ He smiled and set
down the empty glass, which was instantly removed by
a small fellow dressed in gray livery. ‘What do I care
what they do, so long as they keep the law and pay
their taxes?’

  “Here was food for thought. For the life of me, I
could not decide whether our system or theirs was bet-
ter. The callous selfishness of King Tabi in regard
to the welfare of his people was truly appalling, but,
as he, himself, pithily remarked, is our paternalism
entirely altruistic or does it largely gratify a simian
desire to poke our noses into some other fellow’s
business?

  “Then there was the despotism. Why, life would be
unbearable if one were at the unqualified mercy of a
monarch like King Tabi! Yet, when all was said and
done, was the entire system of government more des-
potic than those on earth? Which is more irksome—
implicit, blind obedience in a few things, with entire
liberty in all else, or a modified, partial obedience in
almost every act of one’s life from the cradle to the
grave ? We gave it up. I could not decide and neither
could the king. We agreed that our way was no doubt
best for us and their way was best for them.

««T HELD many interesting conversations with a
Professor Leo, M.E.O.W., who was head of

  JL the educational system, if their method could be

called system. To me it seemed chaos, the absence of
all system, and yet it worked. It produced results. Its,
basis again was the love of personal freedom, inherent
in every member of the cat tribe.

  “ ‘We compel no one,’ asserted Professor Leo. ‘What
is the use? If they don’t want an education, one can’t
put brains into their empty heads by forcing them to
go through a routine curriculum they neither appreci-
ate nor understand.’	'
“‘But, Professor,’ I objected, somewhat shocked at
his open brutality, ‘don’t you think even a little educa-i
tion is better than none? Such total ignorance—’

  “Leo was a rather crusty old codger, whom one had
to handle with care. I had offended. He rose from
his divan and took a position directly in front of me,
delivering the following ukase in his best lecture-room
manner. His green eyes snapped and his whiskers
stood out horizontally with outraged dignity at the
barest intimation of contradiction. He must have been
a fine old customer for anyone to study under. I
wish he had some of our freshmen. He’d make them
sit up and take notice. But I digress.

  “ ‘Education is open to all,’ he said, ‘rich and poor
alike. There is no distinction. All must pay the same
price, not in money, as you do, but in personal service.
A student binds himself to his college, as a servant in
his particular line, for a term of years proportional
to the particular branch he selects. The dull and in-
dolent are ruled out of this sort of thing by their own
natural lack of ambition. Only those possessed of
minds really worth-while enter the colleges at all. The
result is all college graduates make good in their par-
ticular fields.’

  “He glared at me for a minute, seemingly searching
for a word. Finally he found it. It was one of our
words (their vocabularly had no equivalent), which I
had taught him, and which momentarily had escaped
his mind.

  “ ‘We have no flunks!’ he snapped and walked out.
“His statement was true, they had none. By allow-
ing nine-tenths of the population to eliminate them-
selves, they avoided any failures among those who
elected to study. The results of their system were
unique. A simply overwhelming majority was steeped
in an ignorance darker than blackest night. At the
top of their society was a ruling class of actual gen-
iuses, who reached their high position, not by political
pull or the might of wealth, but by sheer, downright
brain power. For every one of our people who can-
not read or write, they had a thousand, but for one
Columbus, Shakespeare, Verdi or Edison, they had ten
or twenty. Which was better? Their way or ours?
But I am recording a visit to a strange land, not writ-
ing a philosophical treatise!

HEIR science of medicine was far below ours.
Indeed, it was scarcely to be mentioned in the
same breath. The egoistic, self-centered nature of the
cat had prevented any real progress in a sphere, which,
of all fields, most requires sympathy and human under-
standing.

  “Such hospitals as they had were torture chambers;
848

AMAZING STORIES

shambles. Anaesthetics were unknown. The well-
known fortitude of the cat under the severest pain had
rendered them unnecessary. Their doctors (butchers
would be more appropriate) performed major opera-
tions on unlucky devils in full possession of their
senses. Vivisection ? They had it—and then some!

  “Imagine it, you earth men, who find it necessary to
apply soothing talcum powder to take away the sting
of a shave! Legs sawed off; stomachs gashed open;
brains sliced and pared—God knows what atrocities
perpetrated with a cynical indifference that would have
made Nero blush for shame!

  “My suggestion to give them the benefit of my
greater knowledge (the fact was not questioned) was
met with a surprising lack of interest. Naturally one
would think the subject of health would be absorbing
to any race, whether descended from cats or what-not.
Not a bit of it.

  “ ‘What’s the use, friend Lieveemour,’ remarked the
lady, to whom I was expounding my plan. This lady,
by the way, had just buried a relative whom I easily
could have saved. ‘If a thing is out of order, one
throws it away, doesn’t one?’ She paused to gently
fan herself with a gorgeous fan made entirely of canary
feathers. ‘Well,’ she languidly continued, ‘if a human
being is broken or worn out . . .’ She smiled a be-
witching smile and went on fanning herself.

  “Her unfinished sentence was more eloquent than a
lecture could have been. It brought home to me the
tremendous gap between their civilization and ours,
the difference between the cat and the ape. I thanked
God that, with all its faults, I traced my descent from
the ape. However, as King Tabi would put it, belong-
ing to the latter, naturally I would look at it that way.
He didn’t. It was all in the point of view.

  “Mechanically they were centuries, ages ahead of
us. Mechanical contrivances, the nice adjustment of
cogs, wheels, bolts and the like, is the science of pa-
tience par excellence. Exact balance, perfection of
workmanship is essential, and what creature is more
patient than a cat? Compare the untiring persistence
with which puss watches a mouse hole with the rest-
less, nervous leaping about of Jocko from perch to
pole, and a slight idea of the superiority of the cat’s
descendants in a calling needing patience can be im-
agined.

  “Their chief engineer told me the main drive wheel
at their water works was set and reset three hundred
and fifty-two times before it was finally passed! The
result is it has never needed any attention, although it
has run continuously for over forty years. So with
all their work. They do it right in the first place, no
matter how long it takes. That is the secret of their
skill. Extreme care on each job; every task is a work
of art. Mass production and cheap articles are un-
known. So are failures and breakdowns unknown.
Thus it is—different again.

  “This chief engineer, a brother of the king, was the
one who devised the means of sending this message to
earth. His method was not divulged to me, as it in-
volved a secret process, knowledge of which was per-
mitted only to members of the blood royal. He is also

going over my Space Bender, but will not have it ready
for me to try the return journey to earth for some
time yet. The work could not be loft in better hands.

  “I received a royal command to attend a state ball
to be given in honor of the marriage of the crown
princess, Pummas, a charming young girl, to a power-
ful noble from a distant province, with whom she had
fallen deeply in love and who returned her affection.
Never had I thought possible such splendid toilettes as
these ladies and gentlemen exhibited.

  “You know how a cat washes and smooths itself,
never seeming satisfied with its appearance. Well, this
habit of personal cleanliness, born in the feline, has
evolved into a vanity surpassing anything you or anyone
else on the earth ever saw.

  “The men wore silk, satin and velvet, studded with
all kinds of precious stones. The colors were care-
fully selected to harmonize with their complexions.

 “The women—shades of Helen of Troy—the
women! Their gowns were composed of some kind
of cloth actually woven from strands of solid gold
and silver, trimmed with the down from young hum-
ming birds’ breasts; iridescent, glowing, almost afire
with a shimmer of flashing, shifting color The scene
completely eclipsed my powers of description.

  “At this ball a most regrettable affair took place.
During dinner, one of the men paid too much attention
to a beautiful lady across from me, who, so I was
informed, was engaged to a gentleman beside her.
Words arose and, to my dismay and astonishment, the
two men retired to an anteroom where, after about
five minutes of furious fighting in full view of the
entirely unmoved company, the rightful lover deliber-
ately slaughtered his rival with a large sword, literally
hacking the unfortunate man to pieces. No one else
seemed to think anything of this, least of all the fair
cause of the trouble. All went on eating, drinking
and conversing in the most matter of fact way.

  “I was told that these duels were of frequent occur-
rence and were considered quite the conventional way
of settling differences. The victor in this particular
combat held a record of three hundred and eleven such
murders to his credit. When I add that this amiable
personality was the head of a school for children and
was considered rather too mild in his administration to
enforce the proper discipline, need I say anything
further about the ferocity of this race? Yet they were
not quarrelsome. They were deadly. As the entire
planet was under the rule of King Tabi, war was un-
known. This was fortunate, for the possibility of
organized conflict among such fiends would have been
too frightful to contemplate.

  “There are interesting things without number which
I might tell you, but which I can barely touch on, due
to lack of time. Such are their wonderful diplomacy,
having its origin in the stealth of the feline; the
marvelous perfection to which the vocal art has been
raised; the peculiar custom of expecting children to
fend for themselves at an age when ours are still in
the nursery; the great mouse ranches I saw, where
‘mouse boys’ herded giant rodents with all the glamor
and romance of our wild west and—the list is endless.
AMAZING STORIES

849

TO OUR

 “/ would greatly appreciate it
 if every reader of AMAZING
 STORIES would read this per-
 sonal message.”

Editor "Amazing Stories*

 I WISH to present you with a new and
 unpublished scientifiction story of the
 interplanetarian type, entitled “The Van-
 guard of Venus,” by Landell Bartlett.
 This is a full-length story, such as we
 usually publish in AMAZING STORIES,
 but this particular story will never be pub-
 lished anywhere else, and the only way you
 can get it is to write for it. There are no
 strings to this unusual offer. All I ask is
 that you sign the coupon below. There is
 no charge of any kind connected with this
 offer. I do not even ask you to spend one
 cent for return postage. Just sign the
 coupon, forward it and the book is yours,
 by return mail.

     WHY do we do THIS ?

    It is necessary, for circulation purposes,
  that we know where our readers are lo-
  cated, in what cities, and from what news-
  dealers they buy. Perhaps you do not
  realize it, but magazines are sold unlike
  any other commodity. We put out 150,000
  magazines a month, and trust to luck that
  they will all sell, every month. Very fre-
  quently we do not sell more than
  125,000 copies. The balance will
  then go to waste, which we have to
  take back and credit the news-
  dealers Cor. In order to cut down
  this waste, we must know just where
  our readers are located, and supply
  the newsstands with only those
  copies where we know a demand
  exists. This will save us thousands
  of dollars a year, and in turn, we can
  well afford to present you with a
  free copy of "The Vanguard of
  Venus.”

    This story, by the way, I assure
  you, is one of the best I have ever
  read. It is a real interplanetarian
  scientifiction story, and is different
  from most others of this kind.

    I therefore ask you to sign the
  coupon printed below to take ad-
  vantage of this great offer. No
  strings to it.

    If you are a subscriber, we will
  not discriminate against you. You
  can have the book by filling out the
  coupon, just as if you were a news-
  stand reader. But act quickly. The
  supply of these books is limited.

  AMAZING STORIES

      230 FIFTH AVENUE "

      NEW YORK, N. Y.

READERS

eVanguard '/Venus
absolutely

FREE

to all

readers

   of

DONT

WAIT

6^ £

'write.

NOW/

 Your Full Name..

 ..Occupation..

Your Street and Number............

Your City and State..............................................................................................

 If you are a subscriber, put an “X” here □

Name of Newsdealer from whom you buy AMAZING STORIES

 Magazine..

 Dealer’s Street and Number..

 A. S. 12

Please say you saw it in ’AMAZING STORIES
850

AMAZING STORIES

  “I have tried to select such facts as I believe instruc-
tive and interesting. My engineer friend clamors for
the manuscript which is to be dispatched in his secret
container. He says it will take about two months for
it to reach the earth. He is waiting beside my desk,
so I must bring my account to a close. You may
never receive it—I can only hope that you will.

  “I cannot return to my home and loved ones until
The Space Bender is put in condition and I receive
permission for my departure from King Tabi. His
majesty desires to consult the ‘Yow-Yow’ or General
Council before issuing his royal mandate. From sev-
eral hints he has given me, however, I have no doubt
it will be favorable. Look for me, think of me, pray
for me, for surely never did mortal man stand more in
need of aid than I do. Until we meet, old comrade,
pupil and helper—good-by!”

FORBES laid down the manuscript and sat, head
on hand, staring into , the fire. The date on the
manuscript, given in earthly time, was over
twenty years ago, so the glass bottle has been buried
approximately that long.

  Twenty years! A long while. Surely in that time
the marvelous machine had been repaired. It could
not be otherwise. Disaster had overtaken his well-
loved friend and employer. It was no use to hope. It
was finished.

  What had happened to him ? Where was he ? Had
the king refused permission to return to earth, and
was Livermore a prisoner on that strange planet?

Perhaps he had made the attempt and had failed; had
been killed or marooned in some totally incomprehen-
sible world of the fourth dimension.

  Ye gods, what an adventure! A momentary doubt
assailed Forbes. Perhaps it was a huge joke, after
all. But no, Livermore had disappeared, and, so far
as he could tell, the glass bottle and the paper were
entirely new substances. He did not know what to
think.

  He recalled the strange behavior of his pet cat,
Archibald, when brought near the bottle or the manu-
script. Could it be that some subtle bond attracted the
creature to these products of his super-relatives ? Pish!
That was arrant nonsense. And yet—

  Forbes rose, knocked the ashes from his long extinct
pipe, and walked over to the window, which he raised
to admit a flood of fresh, cold air. The storm had
ceased. A shaft of golden sunlight flashed on an oppo-
site window. The milkman called to his horse and
jingled his bottles. A bell clanged on a distant car.
The man across the way opened his door, poked out
his head, and took in his daily paper. It was day.
The affairs of the world went on ...

*	* *

  By this time you probably know that the author has
had a little fun with you at your expense; but, after
all, even though this story is an excellent satire, why
should there not be a cat-like race somewhere ? Do we
not have a cat-like man and woman with us already?
Every one of us has met the cat-man and the cat-
woman. Why not a whole race?—Editor.

               THE END.

THE FIFTH DIMENSION

        (Continued from page 825)

the previous one. We see and recognize this truth
daily in the phenomena of humanity. Every baby born
starts life a little in advance, materially and mentally,
of its father. This process is very slow and we call
it evolution, but it is a perceptible progress neverthe-
less. It may be aptly likened to the whorls of a spring
as compared to a mere flat coil of wire. The earth
follows an orbit around the sun, and every year it is
in the same relative position with regard to the sun
as it was the previous year. It has completed one

of its countless cycles. But you know as well as I
do that the sun and the earth, as well as the other
planets, are all farther along in space together. There
is a general progression of twelve miles a second on
some vaster orbit. This general progression, then, is
analogous to our possibility of change and growth; the
power to better our conditions; in other words, it is
a fifth dimension.”

  “The wheels of the Juggernaut can be turned aside,”
I said reverently, “and there is hope.'”

                  THE END

©isiaiie

SSIONS

In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of interest to readers. The editors invite correspondence on all subjects
directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this magazine. In case a special personal answer is required, a nominal

                                       fee of 25c to cover time and postage is required.

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I have noticed that quite a number of the con-
tributors to the "Discussions” Column have been
writing about the effect a rapidly moving body
baa upon light, such as to raise or lower the color
in the spectrum. Therefore, I am writing you to
*ee if you or your readers can explain a few things

SPEED OF SOUND AND OF LIGHT

  In the first place, all motion is relative. Where-
fore, if someone were standing on any body moving
sixty miles per hour, and shoot a bullet in the
same direction he was going at sixty miles per
hour, then the total velocity of the bullet would be
120 miles per hour; then if something were moving
in a given direction at a given speed, say at the
velocity of light, then why would not the light

given off from that body travel with twice the
speed of light? In the same way, would not the
speed of its source tend to speed up or retard the
speed of sound? Yet the speed of both light and
sound are always taken to be constart, regardless.

Recent investigations have shown that the first
estimates of the speed of light were nearer correct
(Continued on fagt 852)
AMAZING STORIES

851

“Since my graduation from your school in 1924
I have been going ahead steadily. I was first
assistant to Dr. Barnett of Stanford University,
doing private research work. This year I was
promoted to official technician for the Stanford
Service in San Francisco Hospital.” (Signed)
M. S. Llano.

“I got the job! Three and one-
half hours after your recommenda-
tion must have reached Mr. A-

I was called in to his office and
promoted over heads of at least
twelve men.” (Signed) J. J. Kelly.

‘‘I am now cleaner and dyer for
the above-named company, and I
believe that the course which I am
taking with you is the cause of my
getting this place. My salary is
almost double what it was when I
started with the course." (Signed)
E. II.Lasater.

  "I thought I would write and let
you know of my success. I now
have a fine position as chemist at
Du Pont’s Dye Works. It was
through your course alone that I
have been so successful.” (Signed)
B. G. Bennett.

CHEMISTRY

NOW
Is the Time to Study
Chemistry

     Not only are there boundless op-
   portunities for amassing wealth in
   Chemistry, but the profession af-
   fords congenial employment at good
   salaries to hundreds of thousands
   , who merely follow out its present
   ' applications. These applications are
   innumerable, touching Intimately
   every business and every product in
   the world. The work of the chemist
   can hardly be called work at all.
   It is the keenest and most enjoyable
   kind of pleasure. The days in a
   chemical laboratory are filled with
   thrilling and delightful experimen-
   tation, with the alluring prospect
   of a discovery that may spell For-
   tune always at hand to spur your
   enthusiasm.

   I

Easy Monthly Payments

   " You don’t have to have even the
   small price of the course to start.
   You can pay for It in small month-
   ly amounts—so small that you won't
   feel them. The cost of our course
   Is very low, and includes everything,

   1 even the chemistry outfit—there are
   no extras to buy with our course.
   Our plan of monthly payments
   places a chemical education within
   the reach of everyone. Write us
   and let us explain our plan in full
   —give us the opportunity of show-
   ing you how you can qualify for a
   highly trained technical position
   without even giving up your pres-
   ent employment.

 CHEMISTRY has no equal as a profession in the
      modern world. There is mystery, romance, and
      fortune awaiting the man in the laboratory.

   Millions have been made by the discoverers of the
 chemical formula of dynamite, bakelite, and many other
 world-known chemical products.

   Opportunities in the chemical profession abound on
 every hand—and as modern business and competition
 progresses the chemist will play an important part.

   Profit by the experience of Mr. Kelly and many
 others; resolve to study chemistry NOW.

YOU CAN LEARN AT HOME

 To qualify for this remarkable calling requires careful
 specialized training. Formerly it was necessary to attend
 a university for several years to acquire that training,
 but thanks to our highly perfected and thorough system
 of instruction, you can now stay at home, keep your po-
 sition, and let us educate you in Chemistry during your
 spare time. Even with only common schooling you can
 take our course and equip yourself for immediate prac-
 tical work in a chemical laboratory. Dr. Sloane gives
 every one of his students the same careful, personal super-
 vision that made him celebrated throughout his long
 career as a college professor. Your instruc-
 tion from the very beginning is made inter-
 esting and practical, and we supply you with
 apparatus and chemicals for performing the
 fascinating analyses and experimental work
 that play such a large part in our method
 of teaching, and you are awarded the Insti-
 tute’s official diploma after you have satis-
 factorily completed the course.

              EVERY STUDENT
 We give to every student, without additional charge, this
 chemical equipment, including fifty-two pieces of laboratory
 apparatus and supplies, and fifty-two different chemicals
 and reagents. These comprise the apparatus and chemicals
 used for the experimental work of the course. The fitted
 heavy wooden box serves not only as a case for the outfit
 but also as a useful laboratory accessory for performing
 countless experiments.

     T. O’CONOR SLOANE,

     A.B., A.M., LL.D., Ph.D.
 Noted instructor, Lecturer and Au-
 thor. Formerly Treasurer Ameri-
 can Chemical Society and a prac-
 tical chemist with many well known
 achievements to his credit. Not
 only has Dr. Sloane taught chemis-
 try for years, but he was for many
 years engaged In commercial
 chemical work.

 GOOD CHEMISTS COM-
 MAND HIGH SALARIES

 MAIL COUPON FOR

FREE BOOK

  Your name and address on the
  coupon will bring you by return
  mail our interesting free book,
  “OPPORTUNITIES FOR CHEM-
  ISTS,” and full particulars about
  the course and what It will do for
  you. You owe it to yourself to get
  this book. Send the coupon right
  now while it is fresh in your mind.
  Or just write your name and address
  on a postal and mall to us. But
  whatever you do, act today.
  DON’T WAIT—MAIL COUPON
  NOW !

 Chemical f CHEMICAL INSTITUTE OF NEW YORK, INC.

 Institute of \

New York, [

     Inc.

  Home Extension Division 12
  16-18-A—East 30th Street, New York, N. Y.

  Please send me at once, without any obligation on my part, your free
  Book, "Opportunities for Chemists,” and full particulars about the
  Experimental Equipment given to every student. Also please tell me
  about your plan of payment.

  Home Extension
  Division 12

| NAME.........................................................

                        I

    | ADDRESS.....................................................

 16-18-A-East 30th St. ■

New York, N. Y. - - - - - - _ J™--*'.

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES

from
852

AMAZING STORIES

The Greatest Automotive
^Discovery of Scientists in Recent Years

  You Just flow ReNUZlt onto any automobile with
  a piece of cheesecloth, and Instantly the ORIGINAL
  color and lustre of that car Is like new again!
  NOT A POLISH, CLEANER, WAX, OR PAINT.
  No tiresome rubbing or polishing; harmless, lasting, sure.
  GUARANTEED NOT TO TURN WHITE.

  AGENTS’ NEW£PLAN
  Make $50.00 a Day

                Millions are waiting to buy
                ReNUZlt. That Is why Re-
                NUZlt Agents all over the
                country can make almost un-
                believable profits. And our
                PROPOSITION Is 80 GOOD
                that you should have no trouble
                making 150.00 a day and up.

Test ReNUZitFree!

                You have the privilege of try-
                ing ReNUZlt yourself right now
                without risk. Prove to yourself
                what miracles it accomplishes.
                Write TODAY for full details
                and Free Test Offer.

ReNUZit
Service Stations
Bring
$1,000 a Month

 It is easy to see
 why so many men
 can get into the
 big money class
 operating ReNUZit
 Service Stations.
 Write for the thrill-
 ing story of Re-
 NUZlt and your
 wonderful oppor-
 tunity to make
 *12,000.00 a year.
 Do It Nowl

THE RENUZIT SYSTEM

 154 E. ERIE ST. D.pt. 976-T.R. CHICAGO, ILL.

                       Learn
                       Easily
                       in 90
                       Days
                       on Real
                       Equip-
                       ment

ELECTRICITY

Begging for Trained Men

 Do you know what It means to make real money—to hold
 down a big-paying job? Get into ELECTRICITY and
 step way ahead of the crowd. Old or young, educated
 or not, you can learn Quickly In my famous Electrical
 Schools to get and keep the best electrical job In your
 town. 50,000 McSweeny Graduates prove success of my
 exclusive Shop-Training Plan. No books. No lectures.
 Not a correspondence course. You tackle real jobs on
 real equipment under direction of expert instructors. Elec-
 tricity is making giant strides ahead. The field is short
 of trained men. Big money everywhere. Employment
 department helps you find spare time work and also

FREE

Railroad

Fare

_______other

 have done. Send name
 to-day for big, Illus-
 trated book on Electric-
 ity. Your copy Is FREE.

FREE

Illustrated

Book

McSweeny Electrical School

Dept. 73-T	Cleveland, Ohio

experience unnecessary. Training under the peraonal supervision of
William B. Caatenbolz, A. M.. C. P. A., and a Urge Btaff of C. P.

A a, Including member* of tbe American Institute of Accountant*.
Write for free book. Accountancy, tbe Profaaaioe that Pays. ”
LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 12464-H Chicago
Ths World's Largest Business Training InllKuiloir

  IPUAl I FNfflF you that I will teach you, by
  LnALLLnOL man, jn lesson, the sim-
  plest, shortest method, sll for $1.00. Not telepathy. You
  can read one's mind to a dot, by only looking in the eyes of
  partner, chum, sweetheart, etc. Praised by New York, Bos-
  ton, Montreal Police Chiefs; colleges; Thurston; Blackstone,
  etc. If fake, let them arrest me.

A. HONIGMAN. Montreal, Canada

Latest Mod
Nen*s

                  fully GUARANTEED.
                  —.urate timekeeper —

                  tested and adjusted Jewel-
                  led Swiss mofement-artiati-
                  jallv engraved case aa iiius-
                  radium dial —genuine

-------—v. Order this bargain

                  oday. Pay on delivery only $3.99.
      SS*-—- ne pay postage. “FEDCO'’ U.S. SwisS
      is, 561 Broadway. New York. N. V.. Dent. W43

Foreign-Work!

Like to Travel —Does Romantic .Wealthy Sooth Amer-
ica call yon? Unusual opportunities for young men.
American employers. Fare and expenses furnished.
BIG PA Y. Write for Free List.

          SOUTH AMERICAN SERVICE BUREAU
      14600 Alms Avonuo	Detroit. Michigan

 TheyLaughed When ISat Down At
 the Plano But When I
 Started to Play!- $ $	|

     **Can he really play?” I heard a girl whisper
  to Arthur, as I sat down at the piano.

    '‘Heavens, no!” Arthur exclaimed. "He never
  played a note in all his life.”

     Then I gave them the surprise of their lives.

  I started to play. Instantly a tense silence fell on
  the guests. # I played the first few bars of Liszt’s
  immortal Liebestraume. I heard gasps of amaze-
  ment. My friends sat breathless—spellbound! I
  played on.

           A Complete Triumph 1

     As the last notes of the Liebestraume died away,
  the room resounded with a sudden roar of ap-
  plause. Everybody was plying me with questions
  —“Jack! Why didn’t you tell us you could play
  like that?” . . . “Where did you learn?” "Who
  was your teacher?”

     Then I told them the whole story.

  "It seems just a short while ago that I saw
  an ad of the U. S. School of Music mentioning a
  new method of learning to play which only costs
  a few cents a day! With-

   CHoose Your Course
   Mandolin Saxophono
   Piano	PCello

  Organ Ukulelo
  Violin Cornet
  Banjo Trombone
  •r any other Instrument

                       out a teacher! An3
 laborious scales or exer-
 cises. I sent for the Free
 Demonstration Lesson and
 was amazed to see how
 easy it was to play this
 new way. I sent for the
 course and found it as
 easy as A.B.C. I Before
 I knew it I was playing
 all the pieces I liked best. I would soon be able
 to play ballads or classical numbers or jazz with
 equal ease. And I never did have any special
 talent for music!”

           Play Any Instrument
       i|P can now learn music—right at home—
       Wnal time. You can't go wrong with

 this simple new method which has already shown
 almost half a million people how to play their
 favorite instruments by note. Just read the list of
 instruments in the panel, decide which one you
 want to play and the U. S. School will do the rest.
 Free Demonstration Lesson

    Thousands of successful students never dreamed
  they possessed musical ability until it was revealed
  to them by a remarlcable “Musical Ability Test”
  which we send entirely without cost with our inter-
  esting free booklet and Free Demonstration Lesson.

    Mail coupon now before you forget. Instruments
  supplied when needed, cash or credit. U. S. School
  of Music, 20212 Brunswick Bldg., N. Y. C.

  U. 8. School of Music,

    20212 Brunswick Bldg., New York City.

    Please send me your free book, “Music Lessons in Your
  Own Home,” with introduction by Dr. Frank Crane, Free
  Demonstration Lesson and particulars of your easy payment
  plan. I am interested In the following course:

                                 Bare You

•.................................... lnstr.?..........

 Name .
 Address
 City.....

Please say you saw it in AMAZING

 than those of later days. Thus the speed is fell*'
 erally taken to be 192,000 miles per second, instead
 of 186,000. Now, is this speed, whatever it may
 be, constant, or is it negatively accelerated with
 the passing of time as a material body would be.

    I fear that I have taken too much of your valu-
 able time to comment upon the stories. Suffice it
 to say that I enjoy them all, especially those in the
 Quarterly and those by Burroughs.

                        Charles Wilie,

435 S. Fannin, Tyler, Texas.

    [Studies of the action of light waves taken in
 connection with the Einstein theories go to prove
 that the speed of light waves is not affected by
 the motion of their source. But you are getting
 into pretty deep water, as you will realize, if
 you read up on Einstein and especially on Micbel-
 son’s experiments to test out this theory. We do
 not know of any direct investigation of the speed
 of sound transmission, as it is affected by the
 motions of its source. If a shell, moving at the
 velocity of sound, and away from an observer,
 would explode, we may suppose that the sound
 would never reach him.—Editor.]

A COMMUNICATION FROM A WESTERN

UNIVERSITY ABOUT ELECTRONS AND
ATOMS. ARE THERE INHABITANTS
ON THE ELECTRONS?

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

     As a continuous reader of the Amazing Stories
  magazine, since the first issue, and always an
  enthusiastic buyer of the latest edition, I request
  you to place the following interesting article in
  your “Discussions” columns; taken from Dr.
  Crane’s Article in the San Francisco Call, and
  written by Dr. Dinsmore Alter, of the University
  of Kansas—it will undoubtedly be “an appetizer”
  for some of Amazing Stories readers’ imagination,
  as it gives me “food for thought.” Here it is:—

The Electronic Man

    “Dr. Dinsmore Alter, of the University of
 Kansas, thinks that the electronic man belongs
 in the list of fanciful beings of human conjecture.
 The electronic man is based upon the belief that
 the electrons within the atoms may follow the same
 laws as the planets in the sky, for certainly the
 small asteroids follow these laws. This gives us
 interesting material for conjecture.

    How do we know that in every atom of our
 body there is a miniature world, or rather universe,
 stars revolving around a central sun? Living
 beings may exist on these electrons whirling about
 in our thumb nail. Time was when an atom was
 supposed to be the smallest conceivable thing, for
 the word atom means not capable of being divided
 or “uncuttable.” Then came electrons which are
 supposed to be even smaller than atoms. Atoms
 are conceived of ?.s being composed partly of re-
 volving electrons. Even in solid substances such
 as iron, or human skin, some of these electrons
 are revolving in their various atoms about a central
 nucleus, others are in the nucleus. And now comes
 the interesting speculation; these electrons being
 miniature worlds like ours, have they miniature
 inhabitants?

     There is no reason to suppose that sentient life
  is confined to beings like ourselves. Maeterlinck
  conceived of a soul in bread, and in flour, etc.
  Why would it not be possible in some other world
  for souls to inhabit flame, or metal? What “soul”
  is nobody knows. With us it is certainly within
  the human organism, but elsewhere it may not be.
  There is no limit also to speculation as to what
  takes place in the microscopical world. Perhaps
  our world, this little planet, bears tbe relation to
  the vast cosmos around us and above us, that the
  atom in our finger bears to our whole body.

     Now as a conclusion, I would like to make a
 suggestion that there should be more illustrations
 in Amazing Stories magazine; they help con-
 siderably in bringing the story more to life as it
 were; the illustrations by Paul are indeed excellent.

David R. Thornton,

1740 Pacific Avenue, San Francisco, Calif.

     (Your point about the electronic man is very
 well taken and gives room for endless speculation
 and conjecture. There are some famous old lines
 to this effect:

     “So, naturalists observe a flea
     Has smaller fleas that on him prey;

And these have smaller still to bite ’em,

     And so proceed ad infinitum.”

Dean Swift. Rhapsody on Poetry.

     This carries out you will see, your electronic
  man in the descending direction. It is a pity that
  we cannot find a quotation to carry your specula-
  tions up the line for increasing size.—Editor.)

STORIES
AMAZING STORIES

THESE POPULAR BOOKS
AT LOWEST PRICES EVER

*

NEVER BEFORE HAVE REAL BOOKS BEEN SOLD AT SUCH A PRICE!

Literally Hundreds of Thousands of these books have been sold. Try one*—you’ll
come back for more. 200 titles listed here. Letter behind each book give* you its
number of pages. A—300 pages, B—220, 0—130, D—96, E—64, F—32 pages.

Yet, REAL Books, not pamphlets, books well printed, well bound, averaging over
150 pages. Colored covers. Average size 4'/a'r x 6". Books to suit every taste.
AND EVERY BOOK ONLY 10 CENTS! You can’t go wrong at sucb a Orice.

tfUbASL

 Your Triends'
 TrueCharacter

0

  Western Stories

..C275 The Shawnee's Foe. D
. .C276 Wild Jim. D
..C277 Hawkeye the Hunter. D
..C278 Iron Hand. D
..C279 Wapawkaneta. D
..C280 The Forest Avenger. D
..C281 Sharp Snout. D
..C282 Madman of the Colorado. D
. .C2R3The Panther Demon. D
. .C284 A New York Boy Among
the Indians. D
. .0285 Deadwood Dick’s Big Deal.
D

.. C286 Deadwood Dirk's Dozen. D
..C287 The Woman Trapper. D
. .C288 Brimstone Jake. D
. .C289 The Shawnee Witch. D
..C290 Spider-Legs. D
. .0291 Madman of the Oconto. D
..C292 Tiger Eye. D
..0293 Red Men of the Woods. D
. .0302 Hunters and Redskins. D
..0303 The Panther Paleface. D
..C304 Bloody Brook. D
..0294 Red Rattlesnake. D
..0295 Roving Dick Hunter. D
..0296 Snake Eye. D
..0297 Bullet Head. D
..0300 The Silent Trapper. D
..0301 Marksman the Hunter. D
..0312 The Dagger Fate. D
..0298 Indian Spirit D
..0299 The Twin Trappers. D
..0316 Threo Fingered Jack. D
..0317 Pirates of the Prairies. D
..0318 White Falcon—The Rene-
gade. D
. .0319 Trail of Gold. D
..0820 The Red Haw’s Nest. D

  Boys’ Detective

. .N192 Kef ton the Detective. D
. .N197 Tho Twin Ventriloquists. D
..N199 CaruBoe Harry. D
..N204 Lorie or tho Phantom Ven-
triloquist. D
. .N208 Lire in New York. D

 Care of Animals

. .N321 Dogs, How to Keep. F
..N322 Song Birds. Rearing. F
. .N323 Rabbitts, Breeding. F
. .N324 Pigeons, for profit. F

Mystery Stories

.0250 A Scandal in Bohemia. B

.0305 The Man They Could Not Hang.

       True Story. D
.C306 Mystery of Crimson Blind. White. B
.C307 Mr. Marx's Secret. Phillips Oppen-
heim. B

.C308 Mysterious M. Sabin. Oppenheim. B
.C309 Prince of Swindlers. Boothbey. B
.C310 The Kidnapped President. Boothby. B
,.0312 Dagger of Fate. Richard Marsh. B
.0313 Shadow on the Sea. M. Pemberton. B
.0314 The Darkest Hour. Lonis Tracy. B
.0315 A Japanese Revenge. L. Tracy. B

      Entertainment

.N1	How to Play Rbum. E

, .N2	How to Play Poker. E

.N3	How to Play Euchre. E

.N4	How to Play Whist. B

, .No	How to Play Pinochle. E

, .N6	How to Play Cribbage. E

,.N7	How to Play Five-Hundred. E

. .N8	How to Play Chess. E

,.N10	Checkers and How to Play It. E

,.N20	Book of Choice Riddles. E

,.N29	153 Magic Tricks. E

•N32	84 New Card TrickB. E

.N34	700 New Toasts. E

.N35	Book of 145 Parlor Games. E

,.N38	New Book of 200 Puzzles. E

, .N42	Fun, Magic and Mystery. E

.N49	Book on Magic Made Easy. E

.N67	A Bunch of Limericks. E

.N90	Practical Mesmerism & Hypnotism

•	C271	Book of 100 Games. D

.C272	Magicians’ Book of Conjuring. D

      Best Movie Sellers

, .N72	Tho Divine Woman. C

,.N73	Forbidden Hours. C

. .N74	The Crimson City. C

,.N75	Jazz Mad. C

. .N77	Almost a Lady. C

. .N78	Sensation Seekers. C

. .N79	New York. C

. .N80	Cohens & Kellys in Taris. C

. .N81	Streets of Shanghai. C

. .N82	You Can't Beat the Law. 0

. .N83	Tillie’s Punctured Romance. C

. .N84	Tell It to the Marines. C

. .N85	Tracked by the Police. 0

..N87	Don’t Tell the Wife. C

. .N93	The Rambling Ranger. C

     Travel Adventure

.C220 In South Seas. Capt. Roosevelt. A
.C221 World Cruise. Capt. Lawton. A
.C222 Iceberg Patrol. Capt. Lawton. A
.C223 On a Submarine. Capt. Lawton. A
.C224 Aboard a Destroyer. Capt. Lawton. A
.C225 On Battle Practice. Capt. Lawton. A
.0226 War Swept Seas. Capt. Lawton. A
.C227 Marooned in Tropics. Forrester. A
. C228 Boy Scouts in Great Flood. Shaler. A
.C229 On Aero Service. Capt. Lawton. A
.C230 Along the Yukon. Forrester. A
.0231 North of '53. J. Forrester. A
.0232 The Lost Liner. Capt Lawton. A

      Detective Stories

,.0247 Sherlock Holmes. Conan Doyle. A
.0248 Beyond the City. Conan Doyle. A
.0249 Case of Identity. Conan Doyle. A
.C251 The Redheaded League. Doyle. A
, .0252 The Sign of the Four. Doyle. A
,.0253 Giant Detective. Old Sleuth. A
,.0254 Surgeon of Gaster Fell. Doyle. A
.0255 Mill Street Mystery. Sargeant. A
,.0256 The Bag of Diamonds. Fenn. A
.0257 The Red Lottery Ticket. Boisgobey. A
,.0258 The Haunting Shadow. Old Sleuth. A
.C259 Joe Phoenix, Police Spy. Atkin. A
.0260 Joe Phoenix. Detective. Atkin. A
.C261 The Wolves of New York. Atkin. A
.0262 Chin Chin, Chinese Detective.

      By Albert W. Atkin. A
,.0263 Electro Pete. Morris. A
.0264 West Shore Mystery. Old Sleuth. A
,.0265 The Man Hunter. Dick Donovan. A
.0266 Mystery of Hansom Cab. Hume. A
.C267 The Abbey Murder. Jos. Patton. A
.0268 The Man Who Vanished. Hume. A
.0269 Piccadilly Puzzle. Hume. A

Instruction

.N66 Great Words of Great Men. E
. .N212 Clog Dancing Made Easy. F
, .N213 Athletic Exercises. F
.N214 How to Make Money in Wall St. F
. .N215 Your Friend's True Character. 0
. .N216 Character in Handwriting. 0
. .N217 The Story in Your Hand. C
. .C270 Lover’s Casket. E

•	.0273 Gent's Letter Writer. D
. .0274 Ladies’ Letter Writer. D

     Full Length Novell

. .N12 Short Stories. Honore de Balzac. D
..N13 The Gold Bug. Edgar Allen Poe. D
. .N16 My Double and How He Undid Me. D

Radio

.E600 How to Make Crystal Receiving

     Sets E

.E601 How to Make a Neutrodyne Re-
ceiver. E	„
.E602 A Guide for the Radio Builder. E
, .E603 The How and Why of Radio
Parts. E w w
.E604 How to Build tho Famous Ono Knob
Set. E „ , .
.E605 How to Make a Resistance Coupled
Amplifier. E

    Love and Romance

, .C233 Kidnapped at the Altar. Libbey. A
, .C234 Gladiola's Two Lovers. Libbey. A
, .C235 Lil the Dancing Girl. Hart. A
, .C236 Aleta's Terrible Secret Libbey. A
. .0237 For Love or Honor. C. Hart. A
, .C238 The Romance of Enola. Libbey. A
, .C239 Little Princess. Caroline Hart A
, .C240 Sweetheart or Wifo? Libbey. A
,.0241 Love's Rugged Path. Hart. A
,.C242 Married at Sight. C. Hart A
,.0243 Pretty Madcap Dorothy. Libbey. A
. .0244 The Loan of a Lover. Libbey. A
. .0245 Vendetta. Mario Corelli. A
, .C246 The Girl He Forsook. Libbey. A

      Humor

,.N17 Irish Jokes. E
,.N18 Hebrew Jokes. E
N19 Dutch Jokes. E

After-Dinner Stories. E
Book of Vaudeville Jokes. E
Book of Funny Rhymes. E
Book of Flirtations. E
New Stage Jokes. E

,.N21
, .N23
,. N24
,.N25

.N28 ..... ________

, .N30 Book of 1,000 Conundrums. E

Red-Hot Joker. E
Actors’ Jokes. E
New Book of Monologues. E
nebrew Yarns. E
Side-Splitting Jokes and >
Stories. E
Peachy Jokes. E
Snappy Jokes. E
Tramp Jokes, Monologues, Re-
citations. E
,N50 Komikal Joker. E
.N52 Book of Wit and Humor. E
.N54 Book of Roaring Jokes. E

Jingles, Jokes and Rhymes. E
Minstrel Jokes, Gags, ConundrumaE
Darkey Jokes and Funny
Stories. E
Hobo Jokes. E
Boarding House Jokes. E

, .N33
•N36
.N37
.N41
,.N44

, .N45
,.N47
,.N48

. .N55
. .N56
. .N59

..N60
. .N64

 .N69 Coontown Oomedy and Fun. E

pr '          
NEW BOOK of   
 . EMDTRKKi   
              
s i %o jMBI   
Bllti         
flOW TO ORDER

 Select book wanted by checking in
 front of number. Then list numbers
 on coupon or take a sheet of
 paper and list numbers only. Titles of
 books not necessary on your order.

 We do not aecept orders for less
 than $0.50 (5 books.) No C. 0. D.’s.
 Remit by Check, Money Order. Cash
 or Stamps. Add 2c postage for each
 book, otherwise we send by Express
 collect. (Foreign postage 4c each
 book.)

• POPULAR BOOK CORPORATION,

100 Park Place, New York City, N. Y.

! Gentlemen:—

 Mail
 This
 Cou-
 pon

NOW iName

■	I enclose........ for which kindly send me the books

I listed herewith (List number of books here)..........

I
I
I

Address

■	City

 • State.

\|9

POPULAR BOOK CORPORATION

                100 PARK PLACE, NEW YORK
854

AMAZING STORIES

Street Address........................................................................

City.....................................................State..........................

  // you reside in Canada, send this coupon to the Interna-
  tional Correspondence Schools Canadian, Limited, Montreal

COMPOSITIONS

 05 TO *75 WEEKLY

  (	) Ry. Mail Clerk (	) Steno*TypiBt

  (	) P. O. Laborer (	) Immigrant Inspector

  (	) R. F. D. Carrier (	) Seamstress

  ( ) Special Agent (	) Auditor

 (investigator) (	) Steno-Secretary

  C ) City Mail Carrier (	) U. S. Border Patrol

  (	) Meat Inspector (	) Chauffeur-Carrier

        _____Inspector

         ) P. O. Clerk
  _ ) File Clerk
  ( ) Genera] Clerk

                        ) Watchman
  ) Skilled Laborer
  . _____________ . ) Postmaster

  instruction Bureau, DepL Ifl^St. Louis. Mo.

  . Send me FHE* p»rticullr*How To Qualir? for po«!-
  Uaoa marked "X", Salwici, lootiozu, opportunities,
  Ik.

NAME..............................................-......... j

   ADDRESS...................................................... I

M4G1C

  Dice. *5.00; Cards. $1.25; Inks, 51.50;
  Magic Fluid for Transparents, $3.00,
  Slick Ace Cards, $1.25; Factory Readers;
  $1.00. Sales Boards, etc. Catalog, 10c
  NTRAL NOVELTY COMPANY

       dison Street	Chicago, 111.

A NON-READER’S VIEW OF “AMAZING
STORIES”

Editor, Amazing Stories:

Having received the comments of readers in your
“Discussions” department for some many months
you will doubtless be interested in knowing what
non-readers think of your magazine.

As a clerk in a drug store selling Amazing
Stories as well as other periodicals, I find that
there are three faults in this magazine in the eyes
of prospective readers; the paper, the name and
the cover.

I do not hear so much about the grade of paper
as I used to, so will not comment on this, but
merely hope for a better grade in time.

As to the name, which blazes a path across the
top of the cover like a comet’s tail, I have more
to say. The name Amazing Stories loudly shouts
out “I am cheap fiction.” This doesn’t attract the
customer, let me tell you. The name itself is not
so bad, probably, as the way it appears in “red-
hot” blinding combinations of vivid colors that
are almost enough to knock the wind out of a
balloon.

The third, and biggest fault, I find to be the
cover. A typical example of what the cover (or
rather cover design) did to a prospective buyer
happened last night. Looking over the rack of
magazines a man was attracted by the blinding,
searing yellow background of your magazine. He
hesitated whether he should pick the periodical up
or not; but curiosity got the best of him. Picking
it off the rack he glanced through the contents
gingerly, as though afraid the loud colors would
burn his hands. I approached the man, as I al-
ways do, when someone picks up Amazing Stories,
and told him what a wonderful magazine it really
is; how I have read every issue since the first
one, and how I would not trade any magazine out
for this one. I showed him the “Discussions De-
partment” and then had to go away to “jerk” a
few sodas. When I glanced up, I saw the man look
at the cover, sadly shake his head, and walk out.
Another sale lost because curiosity which attracts,
can not make one buy.

For the simple reason that there are more non-
readers than readers I suggest for your benefit
that you put a more conservative cover on your
magazine which would gain you many more readers.
The Radio News in its July issue had a cover
that attracted, and produced sales for you, too.

If this letter has not yet reached the way of
all superfluous mail, and if it gets into “Dis-
cussion,” please don’t tell me how great an artist
Paul is, and how many praising letters you received
on his work, for he suits me also. But if he can
not make you more readers than he has done, let
the artist who drew Radio News cover work under
Paul and draw the covers for Amazing Stories.

If you’d try a “milder” cover on one issue
only, and didn’t sell 500 copies more, I’d eat a
corner off our piano.

My personal opinion of your magazine is that
it is so wonderful as to be beyond description.

I could not find any thing in “The Skylark of
Space” to indicate that it was to take place in
the future; yet the queer clothes that Paul draws
on the characters seems to point this fact out.
Will you please enlighten me?

                  Melvin Brody,

1499 E. 105th St., Cleveland, Ohio.

(We are very glad to get your comments on the
covers of Amazing Stories. It is a curious com-
ment on human nature that a magazine containing
pages of interesting stories, all combining a bit of
science with the requisite romance, all selected
from a great number submitted so as to give our
readers the best, all most carefully edited, the scien-
tific features carefully watched for correctness, or
plausibility, the phrasing watched for good English;
that such a magazine should depend on how much
red there is in the cover or how liberally yellow is
used therein to develop its sale. We feel strongly
inclined to give you a chance to try your dentition
and digestive system on the corner of your period
piano. Amazing Stories has shown a healthy
growth in circulation, and is now on the upward
path.

As regards “The Skylark of Space” we certainly
do not find anything very futuristic in the cos-
tumes given the characters, and as the fair sex
are dressing in this vicinity at least, we are in-
clined to consider the clothes rather old-fashioned.

As regards the name of Amazing Stories, it
is a pretty serious thing to change the name of a
so widely known periodical. But we have long
had in mind the possibility of doing so. So there
is no knowing what may happen eventually, and
we cannot end our comments without letting you
know how warmly we appreciate your kind interest
in our work.—Editor.)

  The Famous Leader ot the widely broadcasted
  riicqHot Club Eskimos offers you an ainaz- •
  ingly simple, new Banjo course by mall which
  anyone, even without musical bent, can master
  at home in a few spare hours. Positively the only method
  of home learning through which a person of ordinary intel-
  ligence may become a Banjoist. Each lesson easy to under-
  stand. The course is in 5 unita of 4 lessons each.

      SEND NO MONEY—PAY AS YOU LEARN

       No restrictions! No conditions! Take as few
       or as many units as you wish. Send your
       name for explanatory booklet, ''evidence,"
       testimonials, etc. A postal will do.

Harry Reser’s International Banjo Studio No. 3
148 West 46th Street, New York, N. Y.

Electricity

 Learn in Los Angeles. Thoroughly practical
 course prepares young men, 18 and over, for
 technical and executive positions. Unlimited
 opportunities in California for continuous ad-
 vancement. 32 instructors. Unexcelled equip-
 ment. 23rd successful year. 17,000 activo
 graduates. Highest Typo Training. Recognized
 by Electrical Industry. Nominal Entrance
 Requirements. Employment Service during and
 after training. California spending $100,000,00®
 in electrical development. Large^ illustrated
 catalog sent Free, Postpaid. Dept. 101-N
 NATIONAL ELECTRICAL SCHOOL
 4004 S. Figueroa, Los Angeles

Gl

 H 9 A Brand New 1
 High Grade Fine Tone 1
 VIOLIN, TENOR BANJO, HAWAIIAN GUITAR?U_

BANJO, CORNET, UKULELE, BANJO UKULELE,

  GUITAR OR MANDOLIN
  We will give you without extra charge when you enroll, any Instru-
  ment you select and teach you to play It by our NEW copyrighted
  easy to learn home-study course. Over 500,000 men, women boys
  and girls have learned to play by our simplified method. Cost Is only
  a l ew cents a day for lessons. No other charge. You pay while you
  learn, instrument and first lessons senton FREE trial. Write today.

CHICAGO CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL OF MUSIC, INC.

       1632 No. Halsted St., Dept. 733 Chicago, III.

   NEW SCIENTIFIC WONDER

3-25c

Big fun

  DA VC Yofl apparently see thru Clothes', Wool,
  w ^ Stone, any object. See Bones in Flesh.
  FREE—PKG. RADIO PICTURE FILMS.Takes pictures
  without camera. “You'll like ’em.” I pkg. ea. 25e order.
  MARVEL MFG. CO., Dept. 83, NEW HAVEN, Conn.m

NEW YEAR • NEW IPEA
PATENT YOUR IDEAS

            Call or send me a sketch of
       your invention. Phone LONsacre 3088
       rD r IT Inventors Recording Blank
       r rvCL Confidential Advice
       U. S. and Foreign Patents secured by

Z. H. POLACH EK Rce„8S?n^°„rene7

        1234 Broadway, New York^H

MONEYFOR YOU

     Men or women can earn $15 to $25 weekly
     in spare time ct home making display cards.
     Light, pleasant work. No canvassing. We
     . instruct you and supply you with work.
     Write to-day for fall particulars.

The MENHENITT COMPANY Limited
1248 Dominion Bldg.«Toronto, Can.

Can You Sell Gas At 5c Per Gal. ?

  If so, write me quick. My distribu-
  tors make as high as $3,000.00 per
  month. Let me show you how.

 SEND FOR FREE TRIAL
 Proof of astounding success and my
 $15.00 a day Guarantee to Distributors
 ~ 1 A J	Dept.976-T.B.,154 E. Erie St.

 Frank Andrews, chicago, ill.

 Insure your copy reaching you.
 Subscribe to

   AMAZING STORIES
$2.50 a year. Experimentter Pub-
lishing Co., Inc., 230—5th Ave.,
New York City.

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES

“What’s Andy Blair
Doing Now?”

 Bill—“Haven’t you heard? He’s
 the new sales-manager (or Hess
 & Schoble and they say his salary
 is $7500 a year.”

 Tom—“He certainly has come up
 fast. He wasn’t getting over $50 a
 week the last time I saw him.
 How’d he do it?”

 Bill—“Took up a course with the
 I. C. S. and studied at night. That’s
 why the old crowd hasn’t seen so
 much of him in the last few years.

 I wish I’d had the sense to do it
 too. I’d be making more money
 right now if I had.’’

  Why don’t you study and get ready for promotion
  too? We’ll be glad to help you if you will only
  make the start. And the way to do that is easy.

  Choose the work you like best in the coupon be-
  low; then mark and mail it to the International
  Correspondence Schools today. This doesn’t obligate
  you in the least, but it will bring you information
  that will help to start you on a successful career.
  This is your opportunity. Don’t let it slip by.
  Mail the Coupon for Free Booklet

  INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

 ,'The Universal University”

 Box 7143-D, Scranton, Penna.

 Without cost or obligation, please send me a copy of
 your booklet, nWho Wins and Why,” and full particulars
 about the subject before which 1 have marked X:
 BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

  □	Business Management □ Advertising

  □	industrial Management □ English

  □	Personnel Management □ Business Correspondence

  □	Traffic Management	□Show Card and Sign

J Accounting and C. P. A.
Coaching

□	Cost Accounting
□Bookkeeping

□	Salesmanship

□	Secretarial Work
□Spanish □ French

  Lettering
  Stenography and Typing
  Civil Service
  Railway Mail Clerk
  Common School subjects
  High School Subjects
  Illustrating □ Cartooning

  TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

  I •’ctrical Engineer	□ Architect

  rtric Lighting	□Architects’Blueprints

  □	Mechanical Engineer	□ Contractor and Builder

  □	Mechanical Draftsman □ Architectural Draftsman

  □	Machine Shop Practice □ Concrete Builder

  □	Railroad Positions	□ Structural Engineer

  □	Gas Engine Operating □Chemistry □Pharmacy

  □	Civil Engineer □ Mining □ Automobile Work

  □	Surveying and Mapping □ Airplane Engines

  □	Plumbing and Heating □ Agriculture and Poultry

  □	Steam Engineering □ Radio □Mathematics
AMAZING STORIES	855

4ECC MECHANIC/-

    MR. AUGUSTUS POST
    Editor of Aero Mechanics

Mr. Augustus Post, editor of Aero Me-
chanics, has been prominent in aeronautical
circles throughout the country for over
twenty years, his experience and adventures
have made aviation history and placed him in
a position to pass on to the readers of Aero
Mechanics nonest, accurate and entirely
dependable information on every phase of
Aviation. Says the North American Re-
view of Mr. Post: "No man in America
has been more continuously at the centre of
aeronautic activities in this country, and in
touch with more history-making airmen
here and abroad, than has Augustus Post
who, besides having the “history of the air”
in his head, has personally participated in
some of the most thrilling adventures of
aviation.”

The greatest magazine on modern aviation ever published. The
many ramifications of the aeronautical field that it covers can be
better appreciated by a glance at a synopsis of its contents.

CONTENTS IN BRIEF:

            Theory and Fundamental Principles of Flight.

            Stability—How an Aeroplane Flies.

            Complete Design, Construction and Assembly.

           Scale Drawings—Names of Parts.

            Flying Instructions—How to Become a Flyer.

            Motors—Latest Inventions—Instruments, Use and Function.

             Radio Installations.

              Gliders.

             Airports and Lighting.

            Glossary of Aeronautical Terms.

            The Aeroplane Mechanic.

           Model Making.

            Airplane Time Table.

Aero Mechanics, written by Augustus Post, is the most complete
magazine of its kind ever published. It deals with every phase of
aeronautical construction and operation, and its entire contents
is edited by Mr. Post, who is one of the best known pioneers
of aviation. Learn all about this
great new field. Obtain your copy
of Aero Mechanics today. Over

112	pages. Fully illustrated.

Large 9" x 12" size.

 THE <5Cc COPY

At All Newsstands, or Write Direct

Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc.

    230 Fifth Avenue, New York City

 Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc.

  230 Fifth Ave., New York City, N. Y.

  Gentlemen:

  Enclosed find 50c, for which please send
  me a copy of your remarkable new Aero
  Mechanics.

 Address .

City.......................................... State.........

Please say you s a w it in AMAZING STORIES
856

AMAZING STORIES

 Tfse

  Model Airplanes
  that FLY

  'M

  Set No. 1, Only

  $1.50

            Completa

Aluminum Construction

  BOYS—at last, here Is a genuine aluminum model air-
  plane that really flies. And at a small price.

  The "Mocar" monoplane—Set Iso. 1—Is a copy of the
  famous Spirit of St. Louis. Wing spread 18 inches, fusel-
  age 12 inches, powerful motor, ball-bearing propeller, rub-
  ber tired disc wheels. Weight complete only about 2Va oz.
  This Is a practical, simple, real model plane that gives you
  a whole lot of fun for the moderate cost. The all metal
  construction makes a sturdy plane that will stand a lot of
  abuse. The outfit is mounted on cardboard with all parts
  plainly marked and full instruction for assembly. Pliers
  only tool necessary. Complete with rivets, bolts, nuts,
  wheels, wing and fuselage covering material, only ji.jU
  postpaid (3 for $4.00).

Great fun, learn how to make and fly airplanes. Order now.
Jobbers, dealers and schools write for Discounts.

The Mount Carmel Mfg. Co.

Dept, Z	Mount Carmel, Conn.

TRAVEL

 for “Uncle
 Sam”

     New"
Bandit Proof
Railway Mail Car

U. S. Government Jobs

$1,700 TO 83.400 YEAR

 Men, Boys, 18 Up/	--

*W/,SSS«, /■>'»*■ K 178' R“h“-r'

.	A Gentlemen: Rush to me without

  Common education » charge 32-page book with list of
  usually sufficient A tJ. S. Govt, big paid positions obtain-
  ed able and sample coaching. Send full In-
  o formation telling how to get a position.
  Mail coupon /■Ktnrnn

imme- / Name................................

diately. / Address.................................

hllX*r TAKING,

IuIIIpictureS/

 Working in spare time; J. H. Wade made
 S200 in two weeks. A. O. Mason earned
 $617 for a few days' work.

 You, too, can soon qualify for the wonderful
 opportunities In this big-pay profession.
 CAMERA FREE BOOK tells how famous
 GIVEN experts teach you money-making
 secrets of photography. In your spare time at
 home, or In our great New York Studios—how
 we help you get a fine position or start your
 business—how we give you a professional
 Write today for Book and Job Chart.

       -TITUTE of photography
       ,r*.. New York, Dept. 103

  Be a Movie
  Operator

  IWe furnish
  projector and
  teach you at
  home. Get a
  good pay job
  with Movie
  or Vaudeville
  Theatre.

  \ Write for folder

A GENERAL AND GENEROUS
APPRECIATION OF AMAZING STORIES.

MR. PAUL'S WORK DISCUSSED

   Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Having been a reader of your magazine for
  many months, I feel that at last I may be qualified
  to add a comment or two of my own to the many
  others in “Discussions.”

   I do not happen to be a scientist—nor, for that
   matter, even scientifically inclined—but that does
   not prevent my very cordial enjoyment of the
   “Scientifiction” stories in Amazing Stories.

   I have especially liked such ones as: “The Yeast
   Men,” “Ten Million Miles Sunward,” “The Moon
   Pool,” “ihe Invisible Man,” “The Second Deluge,”
   “A Modern Atlantis,” and, in the August number,
   your new serial, “The Skylark of Space” starts out
   very interestingly. Speaking of the current issue,
   Philip Francis Nowlan’s “Armageddon—2419 A.D.”
   is one of the most entertaining stories, since I
   first became “afflicted” with the Amazing Stories
   habit. By all means, a sequel, and that as soon
   as possible.

   Might I inquire as to the lack—regrettable, to
   my mind—of more stories by Edgar Rice Bur-
   roughs? While I am unable to criticize or applaud
   —their scientific value, because of my own lack
   of knowledge of such subjects, his stories carry an
   extraordinary appeal and I should like to see more
   of them in your magazine.

   I also see, in “Discussions,” that Mr. Paul’s
   drawings are “under fire.” Being an artist of sorts,
   I should like to say a word both “pro” and “con.”
   Mr. Paul has improved, mightily in his black and
   white illustrations, and it seems to me that there
   is very little lacking in them now, but—and now
   I make both enemies and friends—his cover draw-
   ings have failed to keep pace.

  It is rather an odd coincidence, but I had
  previously refused to read the first copy of Amaz-
  ing Stories that I later did read because I disliked
  the cover so potently. Later on I read—and thor-
  oughly enjoyed—that same issue—but not until the
  cover had been torn off. I did not realize that
  it was the same magazine until I purchased the
  next month’s number at a newsstand and recognized
  the same artist’s work on the cover drawing. How-
  ever, taken all in all, we can very well “put up”
  with the cover designs for the sake of Mr. Paul’s
  pen and ink illustrations.

   But then, the covers do not make a magazine,
   nor break it, so “here’s how” for a continued and
   increased appreciation of Amazing Stories.

                            Carol Hodges,

                      Euclid Avenue at 10th Street,
   Miami Beach, Florida.
   (With regard to our cover drawings, the condi-
   tions of printing in color is such that they lose in
   the reproductions undoubtedly. But if you will
   take the trouble, and we are sure it will be a
   pleasure, to study out what is shown in them, in
   the way of apparatus, perhaps, or in mechanical
   and architectural structures, you will be surprised
   in many cases how much there is to be seen. Any
   ^amount of thought is bestowed upon each and for
   our purpose they are certainly superior to a lighter
   effect, more picturesque drawing with all science
   left out.—Editor.)

AN EXCELLENT CRITICISM FROM AN
EXPERT

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Allow me, in my capacity as a professional lin-
  guist, to invite attention to the abominable prac-
  tice which some of your writers have of referring
  to the inhabitants of Venus as “Venusians.” As
  the stem of the word is “Vener,” the proper form
  of the word is **Venerians.” The following table
  will illustrate my point:

  English name of planet: Mercury, Venus, Earth,
  Mars, Jupiter. Latin name of planet, Nominative—
  Mercurius, Venus, Tellus, Mars, Juppiter; Geni-
  tive—Mercurii, Veneris, Telluris, Martis, Jovis.
  English name of inhabitant—Mercurian, Venerian,
  Tellurian, Martian, Jovian.

 I always read your magazine from cover to
 cover and enjoy all the stories, having no fayor-
 ites; and have no other £ault to find with it. How-
 ever, the occurrence in an otherwise well-written
 story of such an etymological monstrosity as “Ven-
 usian” is sure to jangle on the nerves of those who
 are familiar with the correct processes by which
 new words of this kind should be coined.

R. P. Vogenitz,

  Principal Translator, P. O. Dept., Wash., D. C.

  (We are very glad to get the better philology or
  stymology affecting the names of supposed inhabi-
  tants of the different planets and we think you
  make a very good case of Venerian. Perhaps the
  writer feels that his communication hardly amounts
  to the dignity of philology and yet, he says that
  Venusian is an etymological monstrosity—and he
  is quite correct.—Editor.)

Play the Hawaiian Guitar
like the Hawaiians/

 instrument. Our native Hawaiian Instructors
 teach you to master them quickly. Pictures
 show how. Everything explained clearly.

  Playin Half Hour

  After you get the
  four easy motions
  you play harmonious
  chords with very
  little practice. No

  Erevlous mu si
  nowl ’

Easy Lessons

Even if you don't
know one note from
• n o t h • r. the 62
printed Itfssons and
clear pictures make
iteasy to learnqulck-
ly. Pay as you play.

     ‘ledge needed.

  /IfVtTlJ when you enroll
  W* ▼	_a SWeet toned _

  HAWAIIAN GUITAR. Carrying Cate
                  and Playing Outfit
                  Value $18 to $*0

  _	No extras-everything included

     OTHER "1 Tenor Banjo, Violin. Tiple, Tenor Guitar. Ukulele.
   COURSESJ Banjo Ukulele. Under well-known instructors.
   FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY of MUSIC. Inc.
   9th Floor, Wootworth Bldg., Dept. 267 New York, N. Y.
   A pproved as a Corrnpondeuee School llndfr the Lain of the
   Stale of Nwto York—Member National Home Study Council.

 WRITE AT ONCE for attrac-
 tive offer and easy terms. A
 postcard will do. ACT I

Life’sSecrets

                Amazing new book,**S»feCoiinsel,,,^_

                Just out, tails yon the things you want to ”
                know straight from the shoulder. Glvee ad-
                vice newly married. Explains anatomy of
                reproductive organa. Impotence, laws of Sex-
                Ufe. mistakes to avoid, diaeaaes, pregnancy,
                •tc. Contains 9 startling eections: l-8eienee
                of Eugenics. 2—Love. 8—Marriage, 4—Child*
                birth. 6 -Famfly LIte. 6—Sexual ScleDee, 7—
                Diaeaaes and Disorders, 8-Health and
                Hygiene, 9—Storr of Llfs. In all, 104 chap-
                ters. 77 illustrations. 612 pages. Examine
                at oar risk. Mailed In a plain wrapper. ,

Send No Money

                  fnr	MM	r\-„«» ___J .

 . RANKLIN PUBLISHING CO.
 PgptSlOS BOO No. Clark St., Chicago, in.

New Model
Men’s
Strai
Watcl

            guarantee
            given with

r ----full jeweled

 • el errant Swiss watch.
 Yourchoicein nciuare.
 tonnenu or cushion shape

timekeeper, tested and adjusted. Bush your
order. Quantity limited. Send no money. pny
n $3.85. JENKINS, 621 Broadway. New York. Dept. |6SPl^

TRJaL

                EVERY WEEK. 13 WEEKS
    ______________ $1 A YEAR. 15 CENTS

 know tho* Pathfinder and you will like it—the every-

     l news digest from the Nation’s Center. Bright,
     jresting. dependable, different—nuthing else like
     .. Washington gossip, politics, science, travel,
     fun. Iota of pictures, instruction, entertainment.

Your neighbors

Trial 13 week*-13 L _. __ ___

or $1 for full year. Send now. Address:

Pathfinder, Dept. 13 Washington, D, 0.

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES

COAST!

&CQASTI]

RECEP-1
TION

SuperphonTc7lsa world beater! An exceptionally high
grade receiver that Is amazing the Radio Worljd. Latest

 amplifiers, detector and 2 stages of audio.----------------

  used iniastaudio stage. Extremely selective, marvelous sen-
  sitivity. Single drum dial control. Straight line wave length
  condensers permit accurate, equally spaced tuning over en -
  tire wave band. AU socketB spring cushioned to eliminata
  mlcrophonic noises. Bakelite aubpanel [8^* deep] insures
  minimum dielectric losses. Clear and realistic reception guar*
  anteed. An exceptionally beautiful, walnutfinish, metal front
  panel V x 18'. Complete chassis. Mo extra parts to buv. All

  Karts mounted ready to wire. No special tools needed. All
  ook-up wire and colored battery cable included. Value
  $60.00; oar price $16.95.

TESTED AND APPROVED

  Severe laboratory tests have proved the remarkable efficiency
  of this set. Owners everywhere are Bending us letters prais-
  ing its wonderful receptive qualities.

SIMPLE WIRING DIRECTIONS

  Very easy to wire this set with the instruction we furnish.
  Just connect a few wires. All you have to do Is to follow
  numbers. Simple as addins 2 and 2.
  kinmnm I ^an be wired in a few mlnutesby anyone.
  W RADIO I jjo radio knowledge needed. Make money

  |MOWt£DGI

  MOEDED/ J selling

 by wiring these sets in your spare time and
 selling then *	* ' *

 hem to your friends.

SEND MO MONEY

  .Tost writs your nams and address on a post card and ask as to send
  yon this wonderful outfit. We ship right away. Upon arrival pay only

  tlS.95 plus a small delivery charge. (Foreign countries send
  19.50 with order. We pay shipping charges.)

RADIO EQUIPMENT CO.

»■ WelH St., Pept.a-M CHICAGO, ILL.
AMAZING STORIES

AN INTERESTING LETTER ON LIFE
PROBLEMS

Editor, Amazikg Stories:

   This is the second time in my life I have written
to the editor of a magazine. You ought to feel
complimented! Anyhow, I am writing to tell you
that I like, yes very much like, your magazine
Amazing Stories. When one deals with the realm
of thought and feeling as much as I do, it is
stimulating to get hold of Amazing Stories for
an evening beside the fire, and after lighting up
the old pipe to delve deeply into the adventures
of the writers who in their own minds, their own
imaginations, travel the heights and lengths and
breadths and even another dimension of being . . .
(I think that there are an infinite number of
dimensions!)

   While I am not as yet a subscriber, as I am on
the road so much that it is easier for me to pick
up copies at newsstands along the way, I expect
to be at home during the winter and then you will
have my full subscription for both the monthly and
the (truly wonderful) Quarterly,

   In your editorial, “The Amazing Unknown,”
you make very plain the bounds and limits of hu-
man achievement to date. But there is one phase
that you only touched lightly upon, rather hinted
at, I might say—the soul. “What do we know?'
Well, we, or rather some of us do know something
about it. But it is my opinion that this knowledge
comes to one as the result of an inner and spiritual
experience rather than a scientific fact, that can
be proven step by step in the laboratory.

(Now don’t jump at any hasty conclusion about
religious nuts! Stay around for another paragraph.)

   Here is an ‘'amazing” suggestion for you. . . .
The scientist who wants to study the soul of things,
man etc., must develop another sense perception!

   The trouble has been that the average scientist,
who has taken the trouble to speculate on the nature
of the soul, has sought some material proof of its
existence. Matter, as we commonly speak of it,
does not exist on that plane of expression. “There-
fore it must remain unknown,” some might con-
clude. Not so. Man has at least one more “sense”
besides his ordinary five. The sense of the per-
ception of spiritual values or what has sometimes
been called the reality that lies behind the material
universe. You see now, don’t you, why I cannot
rightly call its (the soul’s) discovery a scientific
one? It is rather an art. One has to develop the
sixth sense that lies dormant within one—every
one!

   By the practice of certain methods of mental
discipline, the sixth sense can be awakened. I have
proved this for myself as many others have, but
one cannot prove these things to another; one has
to “taste and see” for himself.

   Religion is based on this faculty of the “percep-
tion of reality,” but as only a few have the per-
sistence to go ahead with the discipline necessary,
religion has been handed on to the masses as a
mere matter of faith. The leaders themselves have
lost sight of the vision of the founder of the
religion, and this leads to the teaching of “faith,”
etc., etc. Imagine Edison, for instance, asking
people to accept the statement that he had discovered
the electric light. He wouldn’t get away with it
for very long would he? But mankind has been
trained to think of spiritual things as “sacred”
to the priests .or those “in authority” and their
efforts to make discoveries and* to tell people the
truth have been (sometimes violently) discouraged!

   But enough of this. Now what have we actually
discovered? But here I want to say, don’t take my
word for it; please don’t! Just challenge my state-
ment to the point of desiring to test it and then
you too, or anybody for that matter, can find out
these things for himself.

   1st. Man does not really die. There is no
death. As to what happens after the “change”
comes, don’t ask me that. (I am not going to
tell you all I know.) Find out for yourself. You
probably wouldn’t believe me.

   2nd. Man is a part of an infinite whole. He
can knozv this.

   3rd. Man is not an absolute free agent. This
universe is governed by law. Obedience to the
law brings freedom of mind and body,

   4th. Man will never find peace and harmony
with life and his fellows—and nature! until he does
develop this 6th sense.

   Well, this ought to curl the type on your type-
writer! Anyhow, I thought I would pass this on
for what it is worth. Do you get that? “What
it is worth?” 1 ! ! ! What would it be worth to
people to know the truths mentioned above? Every-
thing. Yes, you’ve said it. You would give up
everything to solve these problems. So would I.
In fact I did!

             Morrison P. Helling, Teacher,
             Ministry of the High Watch
             Cornwall Bridge, Conn.

fe

                                       Positively a sensational offer.
                                       Here’s the Red Bomber Combat
                                       Model Plane, a twin propeller
                                       model that flies amazingly. And
                                       you can have it free! Boys
                                       everywhere are flying model
                                       planes. Now is the time to get
                                       yours. This sensational plane
                                       Ay 600 feet easily, often
                                       k	further. Wings made of special

                                 fibre, two powerful rubber
                                 motors, two cleverly fashioned
                                 propellers. Not a glider—a real
                                 model plane.

 Assembled in two minutes

   Best of all, no tedious hours of toil constructing. This plane can be put together
   ready to fly by any boy in less than two minutes—positively! Two minutes
   after the postman delivers your plane, you can send it into the air diving and
   dipping, zooming, banking, then soaring to greater heights. Every boy will
   envy you! Order your plane right now!

 THRILLING BOY’S MAGAZINE

  I	THE OpEN R0AD F0R B0YS has 50 pages or more every

  J	“ * month crammed with stories of aviation, sport, ranch life, high

  I /OOlipe adventure on land and sea, mystery and daring. Great serial
  I vWP Uvu stories, interesting articles, jokes and humor. International cor-
  respondence club, stamp department, and THE OPEN ROAD
  PIONEERS—nation-wide club for boys. Contests galore for all.

                 “Golden Medallionmystery serial smash now running—
                 breathless reading!

                    Regular subscription price to The Open Road for Boys is
                    $1.00 per year. We will send you the Red Bomber Combat
                    Plane and a subscription for a whole year—12 fat issues—
                    both for $1.00. Send the coupon now.

&

BOTH^Sl

   ■ I I

  PILOT GLEASON
  Open Road for Boys Magazine
  130 Newbury Street, Boston, Mass.

   Friend:

         By all means I will grab this offer. Enclosed is $1.00. Please rush me the Red Bomber
   Model Plane. Enter my name to receive a year’s subscription—12 issues—to the OPEN
   ROAD FOR BOYS MAGAZINE, beginning with the very next number.

I Street............................................................................. ■

Ifl Town or City........................................................... A

L_-.....................^ M

 Yoiill Cet a ph>asant Surprise

Please say u saw it in AMAZING STORIES
J

858

AMAZING STORIES

mmm

1 Make Sure That My Entire Family Reads ‘YOUR
BODY”—There's a Reason

“INVARIABLY, every time I bring home
* the new issue of YOUR BODY, my
daughter makes a rush to capture it. I don’t
stand a chance of getting it back until she
has digested its entire contents. Of course
I have to be reasonable. I realize that, much
as I want to read it, the contents of YOUR
BODY is of great value in teaching her the
real truths of life. I know that each issue
is practically an endless source of informa-
tion on sex, prevention and care of diseases,
the senses and the normal functions of na-
ture as related to our bodies. All of this
worth-while knowledge is of great impor-
tance in forming a basicly firm character in
adolescent children. That is the reason I
willingly share my newspaper with my wife
and wait patiently until Madeline, having
read every page, grudgingly hands it back.
However, in the future, I have a little
scheme that will make it possible for both
of us to read YOUR BODY at the same
time. I am going to buy two copies; then
I won’t have to wait.”

*	* * *

This is the story that just one of our readers
tells. We know that there are many more homes
throughout the country where the same condi-
tion prevails. Our readers have found a world
of valuable knowledge in each page of YOUR

BODY. They know that it is a medium devoted
to the welfare of the human body and that it is
to their advantage to read carefully every page.
Sex, psychology, treatment of all maladies, the
senses, our instincts, all are fully explained in the
plainest of untechnical language. In YOUR
BODY there is a section for every member of the
family, mother, father, brother and sister. Go to
the newsstand today and get your copy of this
valuable magazine. Over 112 pages—fully illus-
trated—large magazine size.

         CONTENTS

               FALL ISSUE
    Decoding the Sex Question
    Evolution of Our Footgear
    Hermaphrodism

   Why the Doctor Examines You from Head
   to Foot
   Wonders of Biology
   Menopause or Change of Life
   The Art of Living
   Sex Education
   Chemistry of Our Digestion
   Twilight Sleep

    The Art of Healing at the Dawn of History
    Psychoanalysis
    Etc., etc.

50c. per copy
AT ALL NEWSSTANDS OR WRITE DIRECT

"MFNTER PUBLISHING COMPANY, INC. .* 230 FIFTH AVENUE, NEW YORK, N. Y.

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES
AMAZING STORIES

859

 Address..
 City.....

   (As long as the “Discussion” columns have been
 running, each letter has received editorial comment
 with a single exception. We think perhaps it
 would be well to use this letter to supply a second
 exception, because we cannot comment on it. Its
 psychology seems at once deep and well put. While
 much that is interesting in the way of psychology
 has been developed in our stories, we think that
 this correspondent, in his most interesting letter,
 goes quite beyond, or perhaps deeper than anything
 we have published, so we will let the letter do
 what it is very well able to do, namely, speak
 for itself. We understand that our correspondent is
 a teacher, and his letter certainly shows much
 thought.—Editor.)

THE OLD AND THE NEW SCHOOL OF
FICTION. FANTASY AGAINST POSSIBILITY
IN FICTION

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    Having picked up a copy of the May issue of
  Science and Invention Magazine, (which con-
  tains the synopsis and closing instalment of “Into
  the 4th Dimension,” by Ray Cummings) in the
  bunk car of a bridge outfit, where I am endeavor-
  ing to recuperate from the results of a fall from
  the girth brace of a bridge outfit, it occurred to
  me that it might be a pardonable offense (in view of
  the fact that I have absolutely nothing to do, and
  24 hours a day in which to do it) for me to burden
  you with a few observations on the subject of the
  so-called “Scientifiction,” which, I believe, origi-
  nated in the work of Jules Verne, and has been
  carried on by H. G. Wells, Sir Arthur Conan
  Doyle, and others.

    In my school days, I was an inveterate reader
  of this type of fiction, as well as of the Sherlock
  Holmes stories, which are the outstanding part
  of Doyle’s work. I remember numerous stories
  of trips to the moon, by rockets, by means of a
  substance which eliminated the force of gravity,
  and by drawing the moon to the earth with a huge
  electro-magnet; stories of great interest to my
  young mind, and which, I believe, would still hold
  my interest if I read them today, because they
  had to do with material things that were reasonably
  within the range of possibility, although, of course,
  the probability of these things coming to happen
  is very small.

   I read’ “The Invisble Man,” and the “Time
 Machine,” by H. G. Wells, and “The Poison
 Belt” and “The Lost World,” by Doyle, and al-
 though there were things in all of them that were
 impossible, they were told in a very interesting
 manner and, therefore, .their faults were pardon-
 able.

    “The Time Machine,” in fact, was an excep-
  tionally good work, because, although its subject
  is an impossibility, (I say this without fear of
  contradiction), Wells gave us a look at some
  possible social developments of the future, which
  may or may not actually come to pass, but are
  interesting possibilities.

    “Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde,” by Robert Louis
  Stevenson, is another very interesting contribution
  to “Scientifiction,” because it offers a very amazing
  possibility, and because of its excellent construction
  of plot.

    Of late years, however, there has sprung up,
  either in imitation of the old “scientifiction,” or as
  a result of the American weakness for overdoing
  everything, a new school of “scientifiction. (This
  “weakness” for overdoing things is by no means
  limited. When I was in San Francisco last winter
  I read a book, the name of which I have forgotten,
  by an author, whose name I have also forgotten,
  who takes the title of “The American Oppenheim,”
  which contained an account of a war between the
  United States and Japan, in which the fleets of
  both nations were entirely wiped out and the
  harbor and bay of San Francisco were captured
  by the Japanese civilian population of San Fran-
  cisco and Oakland, and a great portion of the
  Union Pacific tracks between Ogden and Chicago
  was destroyed by Japanese spies to prevent the
  American troops from reaching the coast. At this
  point I closed the book. The strain was too great.)

    The old “scientifiction was founded on the
  theory that whatever is within the bounds of reason-
  able possibility or contained intelligent discussion
  as to future possibilities was good reading. The
  new school, however, seems to base its activities
  on the theory that nothing is impossible.

    As a result, there has been developed a type
  of story in which no situation is too far-fetched, no
  fantasy of the imagination too over-drawn, and
  writers vie with one another for the honor of writ-
  ing the most impossible situations into their stories.

    One cannot help wondering what will be done,
  when the saturation point has been reached, when
  the situation has been evolved to a point when
  and where it is impossible to conceive of any-
  thing more impossible. Perhaps these writers of

Hundreds of Men are Proving
It—this Tested Way!

  Lieut. Walter Hin-
  ton piloted the first
  plane across the At-
  lantic — the NC-4.
  He was first to fly
  from North to South
  America — as well
  as over the unex-
  plored Amazon jun-
  gles. During the
  War he instructed
  Flying recruits for
  the Navy, who
  quickly proved the
  worth of Hinton
  Training.

  NOW Hinton Train-
  ing is available to
  every man who has
  vision enough to
  ACT FAST! Fur-
  thermore, this test-
  ed training dove-
  tails with your
  spare time. You can
  keep your present
  job. stay at home,
  and prepare your-
  self for a real
  place and a real
  future in Aviation.

Ti

                    HERE’S a better Job
 and a bigger Future for YOU in Aviation I
 What’s more, it doesn’t call for “pull” or for
 a big outlay of cash to get started NOW.
 Already hundreds of level-headed men have
 taken Hinton Training, gotten the knowledge
 that employers are eager to pay for, and
 today they are sharing in the growth and
 profits of America’s fastest-growing Indus-
 try!

  Get Hinton’s FREE Book

  Hinton’s FREE Book tells
  exactly how he trains you
  right at home in every
  branch of the Industry. It’s
  only a matter of hours now
  —spare time hours—before
  you can be ready! For
  every hour of study that
  you give his clear, easy
  Course, he'll give you a
  complete knowledge of plane
  design, construction, mo-
  tors, ignition, theory of
  flight, navigation, instru-
  ments, management—every
  last fact you need to really
  make something of the

  Aviation opportunity that's
  ready for you as soon as
  you are ready for it.

  Get the full facts about
  our Employment Dept.—
  about special reduced rates
  on Flying Instruction, if
  you want It — about the
  amazing opportunities for
  men in over 50 trades, on
  the ground and in the air.
  Now it’s your turn to
  CASH-IN. Your first step
  is the coupon below. Clip
  it—sign it—SEND IT TO-
  DAY!

aviation institute
of u. s. a.

   Walter Hinton, President
     1115 Connecticut Ave.
     WASHINGTON, D. C.

WALTER HINTON, Pres.

  AVIATION INSTITUTE OF U. S. A.

  1115 Connecticut Avenue
  Washington, D. C.

  All right!—send me that FREE Rook showing
  how you'll turn my spare hours into money-making
  Aviation Training.

Name ..........................................

Street............................... Age..

......... State.......

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES

SKINDERVIKEN
Transmitter Units

Have hundreds of uses. Every amateur should have
two or three of these amplifiers in his laboratory.
A FEW USES FOR THESE UNITS

    -LOUD SPEAKER
    . RETRANSMISSION"

 f tejf

12 PAGE INSTRUCTION BOOKLET

containing suggestions and diagrams for innumerable
uses, furnished with each unit.

WE PAY $5.00 IN CASH

for every new use developed for this unit
and accepted and published by us.

P. G. MICROPHONE TRANSFORMER

                           A Modulation Trans-
                           former specially de-
                           signed for use with
                           the Skinderviken Trans-
                           mitter Fnit. Has many
                           ,	other uses. Primary

    —[I am resistance, ^ ^
    fey Hohm;sec- ^^1
    J, Wy ondary, 55 A
    ohms.

For Sale at Leading Dealers

Or Order Direct, Using Coupon Below

SEND NO MONEY

  When the postman delivers your order you pay him for
  whatever you have ordered, plus a few cents postage.

 PRESS GUILD. INC.	A-12-28

  16-18-A—East 30th St., New York, N. Y.

  Please mall me at once as many of the following items
  as I have indicated.

  ....Skinderviken Transmitter Units at 95c. for 1; $1.75
       for 2; $2.50 for 3; $3.20 for 4.

  ... .P. G. Microphone Transformers at $2.

  When delivered I will pay the postman the cost of the
  Items specified plus postage.
860

AMAZING STORIES

HOUDINI’S SPIRIT EXPOSES
and

DUNNINGER’S PSYCHICAL
INVESTIGATIONS

gy JOSEPH DUNNINGER

  In this remakabteTflew-baoi the voice
of Houdini hs 1)6611 resurrected, as
though from th( dead, and can be heard
to echo again insuUen denunciation of
the ever-increasiiS numbfr of spirit-
ualistic mediums w**°> s™* ^ ^e-
cease, have been parasi$aily- bleeding
the innocent public of its J010651 Pos-
sessions whilst posing in thp -Ocrilegious
guise of the livCJSLJ ^ ..

  Joseph JHnfflmger, ftocja, magician,
Chairman of the Sdena ^Invention
Investigating Committee "tOY Psychical
Research and the author of several
notable works on magic, was a close
personal friend of the late Harry Hou-
dini. All the data appearing in this
book was taken from the personal
notes of the dead magician now in the
possession of Dunninger. These and
the accompanying remarkable conclu-
sions drawn from the various success-
ful exposes of Houdini, together with
the tremendously interesting revela-
tions contained in Dunninger’s Psy-
chical investigations, make this a book
that all should read. Over 116 pages.
Large 9xl2-inch.size.

Only

50c

Per Copy

At all newsstands
or write direct

BEAUTY (SECRETS

By EVA NAGEL WOLF

  This book, by Eva Nagel Wolf,
prominent editor of the beauty column
of one of the leading women’s magazines
and internationally known authority,
divulges to seekers of beauty the true
secrets of their type—just what is nec-
essary to make themselves most at-
tractive. “BEAUTY,” says Miss
Wolf, “is not difficult to obtain once
you have learned the simple secrets of
type.” It is the purpose of this book
to pass on to every woman these se-
crets—to show her the quickest and
easiest way to genuine beauty and at-
tractiveness.

  There is nothing left unsaid—every
phase of beauty culture is fully treated.
The art of make-up, care of the hands,

the hair, the eyebrows and lashes;
adding that extra pound or taking off
excessive weight—all is covered.

 BEAUTY SECRETS should be
every woman’s constant companion at
the boudoir. Critics the country over
have claimed that a fair price for a book
of this kind would be from three to five
dollars. However, due to our unique
way of publishing, we are able to give
this book to you at the phenomenally
low price of—

50c

Per Copy

  Sold at all newsstands or
  write direct—112 pages—fully
  illustrated-large magazine size

POPULAR CARD TRICKS

By WALTER B. GIBSON

Pleasant Entertainment for All

  Walter B. Gibson has written what
is conceded to be the most complete
book of card tricks ever published.
There are literally hundreds of these
clever little tricks. You need not be
a professional in order to work them
out. There is no sleight-of-hand re-
quired. You can do any of them with
little or no practice. Simple to per-
form—difficult to guess. Complete
instructions — hundreds of illustra-
tions.

  Once you have mastered a few of the
tricks that this book contains you will
become extremely popular—always
entertaining. Imagine the fun you can
have at a party. Just nonchalantly
pick up a deck of cards and inquire if
anyone has “seen this one.” Then,
while all attention is focused on you,
do these tricks one after another to the
admiration and wonderment of all.

This big book of entertain-
ment, fully illustrated—large

magazine size

Only

25c

Per Copy

At all newsstands
or write direct

Experimenter Publishing Co Inc. ^
230 Fifth Avenue

New York, N. Y.
AMAZING STORIES

861

  the new school will then turn their attention from
  the production of absurdities to the development of
  a style of writing which will lend to these ab-
  surdities at least a respectable appearance.

    There are, of course, some writers of “scientific-
  tion” who do not belong to the new school; who are
  able to hold their own without turning mental
  somersaults. They are, however, in the minority.

    There may be advanced in favor of these stretch-
  ers of the imagination, the argument that there is
  a portion of the public that likes that type of
  fiction. To this I am obliged to answer that there
  was a portion of the people, a large minority, in
  fact, that liked its liquor, but they have been
  deprived of it just the same.

    Now I maintain that there is a close analogy
  between the mental intoxication induced as the
  result of reading claptrap and the physical intoxi-
  cation resulting from the overuse of liquor. Both
  produce a condition favorable to erroneous reason*
  ing, the only difference being that the former takes
  effect more subtly than the latter and is not so
  easily perceived by others.

    The money offered by Science and Invention,
  for proofs of Spiritualism, Astrology and Perpetual
  Motion, seems to be quite safe. I am of the
  opinion that had you offered a million in cold
  cash for each, it would be just as safe.

    It seems to me that, of these three bugaboos,
  astrology is by far the worst. People of more
  than the average intelligence, who laugh at spirit-
  ualism and would regard the inventor of a per-
  petual motion machine as insane, have “fallen
  for” the ‘'science” of astrology, and pay visits,
  (and, incidentally dollars) to the "scientists” of
  the profession before making any momentous de-
  cision or entering into a business agreement. Bar-
  num was certainly right. Fortunately Lincoln
  was also right when he made his remark about
  fooling the people.

    In this day and age, when the worship of the
  dollar seems to have taken the place of the wor-
  ship of God, of science, of intelligence or whatever
  it is we ought to worship, it behooves us to be
  on our guard against fakers of every kind. We
  seem to be cursed with them upon every hand.

    I find that this letter has already passed the
  “point of saturation.” Half of this ought to have
  been enough.

                               W. A. K.

                          San Francisco, Calif.

    [Your idea that the new school of thought be-
  lieves that nothing is impossible is pretty nearly
  correct. So many amazing things have occurred
  in the way of scientific achievement within the
  life of th.e writer of these lines that he has almost
  lost the faculty of astonishment. As regards the
  liberal offers held by Science and Invention for
  proofs of spiritualism, we believe they are per-
  fectly safe, and our only surprise is that more
  people do not try to win some of them, although
  they probably never will.—Editor.1

BARON MUENCHHAUSEN AND THE
ATMOSPHERE OF THE MOON

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

  For some time I have been intending to call
  your attention to a very remarkable blunder which
  you have permitted yourself to make in the March
  1928 instalment of Baron Muenchhausen. I refer
  to statements concerning the atmosphere of the
  moon.

     “. . . the moon’s atmosphere . . . contains 26
  percent carbon dioxide, 24 per cent nitrogen, and
  50 per cent oxygen. The carbon dioxide caused
  us to cough violently (??), while the invigorating
  oxygen in its preponderating proportion in the air,
  intoxicated us.”

     Yet: ". . . the moon’s air is very thin, only
  about 1/16 the density; of the earth’s atmosphere/’
  Now, since the density of the moon’s atmosphere
  is given as 1/16 of that of earth, let the quantity
  of air inhaled on earth be 1600, and the quantity
  inhaled on moon be 100. Then the oxygen inhaled
  on earth is 21 per cent of 1600^or 336; whilst the
  oxygen inhaled on the moon is 50 per cent of
  100, or 50. Consequently, instead of becoming
  exhilarated, a man or a dog on the moon would
  quickly perish from oxygen starvation.

     I read but little fiction; but what I have read
  of Amazing Stories I have enjoyed greatly.

                     Ralph Colling,

         706 Polk St., San Francisco, California.
  [The subject of consumption of oxygen by man
  in breathing the air is touched on in Science and
  Invention, October, 1926 (page 489 and elsewhere).
  Out of 29 cubic feet of air inhaled, a man absorbs
  only VA feet of oxygen. If he absorbed all the
  oxygen in the air which he breathed, our friend
  the baron, would have been in a bad way upon
  the moon. But the total oxygen required is only
  about one twenty-fifth the volume of the air or
  about l/5th of the oxygen content of the air.
  According to your figures, the oxygen on the moon
  would be 50/336 or about l/6th thjt on the earth.
  The fractions come pretty close.—EDITOR.]

OPPORTUNITY AD-LETS

This column will appear monthly
in Amazing Stories

         Rate—six cents a word. 10% discount for 6 issues and 20% for 12
         issues. Cash should accompany all advertisements unless placed by an
         accredited advertising agency. Advertisements for less than 10 words
         not accepted.	/

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING GO.

230 Fifth Avenue	New York City

 AGENTS WANTED

 YOU ARE WANTED TO RESILVER MIR-
 RORS AT HOME. Immense profits plating auto-
 parts, tableware, etc. Write for information.
 SPRINKLE, Plater, 815, Marion, Indiana.

 BOOKS

  Free to you—Interesting Catalogue of unique
  Books and Novelties. Address: S. Musial & Co.,
  8 Lincon St., Yonkers, New York._

  8 amazing books for 50c list free, Prinrose,
  Box 227, Topeka, Kans.

 BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

  Amateur Cartoonists: Sell your cartoons new
  plan. Smith’s Service EX-1194, Wenatchee, Wash.

  Free Book. Start little Mail Order business.
  Hadwil, 5A-74 Cortlandt Street, N. Y.

 CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

  Used Correspondence School courses sold on re-
  purchase basis. Also rented and exchanged.
  Money-back guarantee. Catalog free. (Courses
  bought). Lee Mountain, Pisgah, Alabama.

 DETECTIVES

 Detectives Earn Big Money. Travel. Make
 secret investigations. Experience unnecessary.
 Particulars free. Write, American Detective
 System, 2190 Broadway, N. Y.

 FOR BOYS

  Magic taught Free. New Method. A new trick
  every week. Particulars free; trick book 10c.
  Linhorst Magic Co., Room 201, 3618 Olive St., St.

  Louis, Mo.

 HEALTH

  TOBACCO or SNUFF habit cured or no pay!
  $1.50 if cured. Sent on trial! FRANCES WIL-
  LARD, Box 796, Los Angeles, Calif.

 HOW TO ENTERTAIN

 Plays, Musical Comedies and Revues, min-
 strels, comedy and talking songs, blackface skits,
 vaudeville acts, monologs, dialogs, recitations,
 entertainments, juvenile plays and songs, musical
 readings, make-up goods. Catalog free. T. S.
 Denison & Co., 623 So. Wabash, Dept. 20, Chicago.

 INSTRUCTION

  Build and fly your own gliders from our course
  of five lessons, plans included. Price $2:50 total.
  Darlstadt Glider Co., 122 Union Avenue, Hemp-
  stead, N. Y.

 INVENTIONS WANTED

  Inventions Wanted! Have you a patented or
  unpatented idea, new process or product for
  sale? If so, write Hartley, Box 928, Bangor,
  Maine.

 MAGIC AND GAMES

  "The Book of 1000 Wonders” will be sent post-
  paid for 10c. Explains many mystifying tricks
  with Coins, Cards, Handkerchiefs, etc., you can
  do. Also contains complete Catalog of Magic
  Tricks, Jokes, Puzzles, Books, Escapes, Mind-
  Reading Acts, Spiritualistic Effects, Illusion
  Plans, Curios and Imported Novelties from many
  foreign lands. Large assortment, lowest prices.
  You will amaze and mystify your friends! Send
  10c today. Lyle Douglas, Station A-13, Dallas,
  Texas.

 MAGICAL GOODS

  Spook Mysteries, Magic, Illusion Secrets,
  Tricks, Novelties. Catalogue 6c, Bagley Magic
  Service, 828 Garfield, Portland, Ore.

MALE HELP WANTED

  Men, get Forest Ranger job; $125-1200 month
  and home furnished; hunt, fish, trap. For details,
  write Norton Inst., 1571 Temple Court, Denver,
  Colo.

 MISCELLANEOUS

  FORMS to cast Lead Soldiers, Indians, Marines,
  Trappers, Animals, 151 kinds. Send 10c for
  illustrated catalogue. H. C. Schiercke, 10G4 72d
  St., Brooklyn, N. Y._

  Movie Stars —10 large photos 25c. Rowland
  Reisinger, Mount Washington, Baltimore, Md.

OLD COINS WANTED

  Old Money Wanted. Do you know that Coin
  Collectors pay up to $100.00 for certain U. S.
  Cents? And high premiums for all rare coins?
  We buy all kinds. Send 4c for Large Coin
  Folder. May mean much profit to you. Numis-
  matic Co., Dept 151, Ft. Worth, Texas.

PERSONAL

  What does your name mean? Amazing method
  reads character. Fascinating! Send $1 with full
  name to E. McCaskey, 200 West 59th St., N. Y. C.

PRINTING, ENGRAVING AND
MULTIGRAPHING

  200 Letterheads and 100 Envelopes, $1.10, post-
  paid. Oberman Company, Box 1042, Chicago.

PRINTING OUTFITS AND SUPPLIES

  Print Your Own Cards, Stationery, Circulars,
  Advertising, etc. Complete outfits, $8.85; Job
  Presses, $11, $29; Rotary, $149. Print for others;
  big profit. Easy rules furnished. Write for
  catalog Presses, Type, Paper, etc. Kelsey Com-
  pany, J-67, Meriden, Conn.

SONG POEM WRITERS

    SONG Poem Writers, Write Sequoia Song-
  writers’ Service, Sherman Branch, Los Angeles,
  Calif._

  Song^ Poem or melody writers—Have "real”
  proposition. Hibbeler, D-165, 2104 N. Keystone,
  Chicago.

STAMPS AND COINS

     Precancels—Harding 10c—5 from any state 10c
  —Want lists filled, approvals, any thing, any
  country. Childs Stamp Co., 186 3rd Street, Hins-
  dale, Illinois.

  $10 for 25c f A choice assortment of 500 all dif-
  ferent stamps guaranteed to catalog over $10.00,
  offiered to approval applicants for only 25c. Edge-
  wood Stamp Co., Dept. C., Milford, Conn._

  Free—foreign stamps. Send postage. Exp-GPO
  Box 471, New York.

YOUNG MEN

     Intelligent semi-outdoor work in own city. No
  selling or canvassing, whole or part time. P. O.
  Box 10, Fordham, N. Y. C.

 6Shot22tal
 AutCl"3‘,t

U * home Q

                    A real

              home protector.

 ____is six lood—powerful

 •boU— like expensive automatic in appearance. (
 utroctioD, finish, durability—USB for fun or .
 defence. Frightens thieves, tramps, dogs-t...
 your friends. Gaaranteed absolutely safe. Aato-

_____________________eartridgeu	.

 matically loads magazine

 KS,»aiffiSfe£RfflK; wr ..... u.„..

 NO PERMITOf LICENSE REQUIRED

CERS

   Men, get Forest Ranger job; $125-
   $200 month and home furnished; hunt, J
   fish, trap, etc. For further details, write

 NORTON INSIST
862

AMAZING STORIES

NOW~

the leading GENERAL MAGAZINES at big
MONEY'SAVING SUBSCRIPTION PATES
CHRISTMAS GIFTS THAT UVE A YEAR

COMBI NATIONS

                   (AA)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—BOYS’	LIFE........................

                   (AB)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—SCIENCE	AND INVENTION........

                   (AC)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—McCALL’	S..........................

                   (AD)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—COLLEGE	HUMOR.................

                   (AE)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—RADIO	NEWS......................

                   (AF)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—PEOPLE’S	HOME JOURNAL........

                   (AG)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—REVIEW	OF REVIEWS

                   (AI)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—AMERICAN	BOY...................

                   (AJ)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—GOLDEN	BOOK....................

                   (AK)

1—AMAZING	STORIES............

2—SCIENCE	AND INVENTION.........

3—RADIO	NEWS......................

                   (AL)

1—AMAZING	STORIES and

2—AMAZING	STORIES QUARTERLY.

                   (AM)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—BETTER	HOMES AND GARDENS..

3—COSMOPOLITAN	.................

                   (AN)

1—AMAZING	"STORIES................

2—GOOD	HOUSEKEEPING or

3—COSMOPOLITA	N...................

                   (AO)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—OPEN	ROAD FOR BOYS...........

                   (AP)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—RADIO	LISTENERS’ GUIDE AND
     CALL BOOK...................

                   (AQ)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—YOUR	BODY (Quarterly)...........

                   ' (AR)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—MOTION	PICTURES................

                   (AS)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—ETUDE	(Music Magazine)

                   (AT)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—SCIENTIFIC	AMERICAN...........

                   (AU)

1—AMAZING	STORIES..............

2—AMERICAN	MAGAZINE .........

3—WOMAN’S	HOME COMPANION

                   (AV)

1—AMAZING	STORIES ..............

2—COLLIER’S	WEEKLY...............

                   (AW)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—SCREENLAN	D......................

                   (AX)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—POPULAR	SCIENCE................

                   (AY)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—PICTORIAL	REVIEW...............

                   (AZ)

1—AMAZING	STORIES................

2—HARPER’S	MAGAZINE

 } $3.50
 t $4.00
 $2.90
 $4.50
 $4.00
 $2.90
 $5.00
 $3.50
 $4.50

 $6.00

 $3.50

 $4.85

 $4.50

 $3.25

 $3.25

 $3.50

 $4.00

 $3.50

 $5.50

 $4.85

 $3.50

 $4.00

 $4.00

 $2.90

 $5.25

      Canadian and foreign postage additional on
      each club approximately 50c.

A

  GIVE your friends one of the most appreciated gifts that
  money can buy—a full year’s subscription to their
  favorite magazine. Look over the long list of valuable
  combinations. Choose those that you desire. Fill in the
  coupon and mail it to us and your Christmas shopping is
  done. All magazines sent where you wish them—it is not
  necessary to send both to the same party. In this way the
  price of one combination subscription gives you at least
  two lasting remembrances for your friends at a price
  which, to say the least, is most economical.

      It may be that you desire the magazines sent to you
  for your own use. In any case, remember, this is the
  foremost money-saving subscription offer ever made. You
  get all magazines at wholesale priccs. Everyone loves to
  read and, each month, when the magazine arrives, they
  are bound to think of the generous donor. Don’t hesitate!

   Fill in the coupon now and mail it to us.

  BEAUTIFULLY ENGRAVED CARD ANNOUNCES GIFT

  If you desire that the magazines be sent as Christmas
  gifts, you need not even bother to send a card announcing
  them. We do all this for you. We make it our business
  to see that a beautifully engraved card carrying the season’s
  greeting and telling your friend of your gift leaves our
  offices in time to be in their hands Christmas morning.

      Just sit down and tell us in the coupon provided for
  the purpose to whom you desire the magazines sent. We
  will do the rest. You benefit by our big saving rates. Do
  your Christmas shopping in your own home—the surest
  way of avoiding the rush. Write NOW!

    EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO., INC.

     230 FIFTH AVENUE - - - NEW YORK, N. Y.

Use Couprn fa>Tremendcm Savinq

ft

I EXPERIMENTER PURLISIIING COMPANY, INC.

    I 230 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

   Gentlemen:—I enclose $...............for One Year’s Subscription to (key no. here)

........................................My name is......................................

Mail magazines to:

I NAME...................................... NAME......................................

I ADDRESS.................................. ADDRESS..................................

 I

 CITY....................STATE............ CITY....................STATE..

    □Check here if Christmas card is desired.

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES
AMAZING STORIES

863

iBigHagkBoo

_ "The Rook of 1,000 Wonders” will be sent post-	B

| paid for 10c. Explains many mystifying tricKs	|

  I with coins, cards, handkerchiefs, etc., you can do.	m

  Also, contains complete catalog ol Magic Tricks.	■

  Jokes, Puzzles. Hooks, Escapes, Mind-reading	■

  I Acts, Spiritualistic Effects, Illusion Plans, Curios	■

  and Imported Novelties from many foreign lands,	g

  _ Large assortment, lowest prices. You will amaze	_
  ■ and mystify your friends 1 Send 10c today.

  ^LYLE DOUGLAS Station A-9, Dallas, TexaJ

HomeStudy

 Business Training

  Your opportunity will never be bigger than your
  preparation. Prepare now and reap the rewards of
  early success. Free 64-Page Books Tell How. Write
  NOW for book you want, or mail coupon with your
  name, present position and address in margin today.

                        □	Business Correspondence
                        □Credit and Collection

                        Correspondence

                        □	Modern Foremanship

                        □	Personnel Management

                        □	Expert Bookkeeping

                        □	C. P. A. Coaching

  □	Higher Accountancy

  □	Modern Salesmanship
  □Traffic Management
  □Railway Station

 Management

  □	Law: Degree of LL.B>

 □Commercial Law

  □	industrial Management □Business English

 □	Banking and Finance □Commercial Spanish
 □Telegraphy	□ Effective Speaking

 □	Business Management QStenotypy—Stenography
 LaSalle Extension University, Deptl24G4'RChicagO

■gWS

  to beautiful
  proportions^*
  while you sleep!

       IflniTft POSE flWUSTER

         is SAFE, painless, comfortable.

         Speedy, permanent results guar-
         anteed. Doctors praise it. No

        metal to harm you. Small cost. _

 Won 1923 Write for FREE BOOKLET before
 ANITA INSTITUTE 1249 ANITA Bldf., NEWARK. N.J,

                   scientific marvel

                LIGHTER—WINDPROOF

                     What Makes It Light?

                        All guaranteed. Sample 25
                        cents. Sample Gold or Silver
                        plated, $1.00. Does the work
                        of expensive Lighters.

                        Agents Write for Prices

                  NEW METHOD MFG. CO.
                  Box A. S. 12 Bradford, Pa.

I Positively Guarantee

                    to Increase your arms one-half Inch
                    In size, cheat one lull Inch, strength
                    25 7o. health, 100% in one week’s
                    time, by following my Instructions
                    and using my exerciser 10 minutes
                    mornings and at night. Send $1 for
                    complete course and exercisers. Sat-
                    isfaction guaranteed or |1 refunded.

                    PROF. J. A. DRYER
                Box 1850-F__Chicago. 111.

 j

  ' 540 to 5100 weekly p*y check is yours if yon be-
  come an auto mechanic, electrician, etc; Learn by
  tested training methods at National, million dol-
  lartraining headquarters for auto experts; We
  guarantee to qualify you; Earn wbiteyoo learn;

  , Big. 84-page book with 150 illustrations explains
  { ererythingj Sent FREE — WRITE TODAlfi
  National Automotive
  4004 South Figueroa Dept. Z01-N
  LOS ANGELES. CALIFORNIA

       .Blank

        omdtic'

  |U|T14’ X ou need no license I

  CART* for fun or Mlf-dcfense. Keeps away

  -----^tramps. FrlEht«n» thieves, scares away .

         |-fags--a real home protector. Fool your I
         J friend*. Same (W an expanaiTo automatic in I
         |9construction, fininb. appearance, durability:
         automatic mafraxine loading- and ejection of 1
         -tantly and powerful report. Guaranteed
         19. Send no money. Par erpreaemon 84.89 for Mntomabo
         idaee. JENKINS. 621 Broadway. N.Y., Dept. (5-H-12

 UINE LEATHER HOLSTER FREE

 STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MAN-
   AGEMENT .CIRCULATION, ETC., RE-
   QUIRED BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS,

   OF AUGUST 24, 1912,

    Of Amazing Stories, published monthly at New
  York, N. Y., for October 1, 1928.

  State of New York,

  County of New York, ss.

    Before me, a Notary Public, in and for the
  State and county aforesaid, personally appeared
  Hugo Gernsback, who, having been duly sworn ac-
  cording to law, deposes and says that he is the
  editor of the Amazing Stories and that the
  following is, to the best of his knowledge and be-
  lief, a true statement of the ownership, management
  (and if a daily paper, the circulation), etc., of the
  aforesaid publication for the date shown in the
  above caption, required by the Act of August 24,
  1912, embodied in section 411, Postal Laws and
  Regulations, printed on the reverse of this form,
  to wit:

    1.	That the names and addresses of the pub-
  lisher, managing editor, editor, and business man-
  agers are:

    Publisher, Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc..
  230 Fifth Avenue.

    Editor, Hugo Gernsback, 230 Fifth Avenue.

    Managing Editor, Hugo Gernsback, 230 Fifth
  Avenue.

    Business Manager, Alfred A. Cohen, 230 Fifth
  Avenue.

    2.	That the owner is:

    Experimenter Publishing Co., Inc., whose stock-
  holders consist of: Hugo Gernsback, Sidney Gerns-
  back, Dr. T. O’Conor Sloane, H. W. Secor, I. S.
  Manheimer, all of 230 Fifth Avenue, New York
  City—R. W. DeMott, 245 Fifth Avenue, New
  York City, Mrs. Catherine Major, 545 West 158th
  St., New York City. M. M. Finucan and L. F.
  McClure, both of 720 Cass Street, Chicago, 111.

    3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and
  other security holders owning or holding 1 per
  cent, or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages
  or other securities are: NONE.

    4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving the
  names of the owners, stockholders and security
  holders, if any, contain not only the list of stock-
  holders and security holders as they appear upon
  the books of the company but also, in cases where
  the stockholder or security holders appears upon the
  books of the company as trustee or in any other
  fiduciary relation, the name of the person or corpor-
  ation for whom such trustee is acting, is given;
  also that the_ said two paragraphs contain state-
  ments embracing affiant’s full knowledge and belief
  as to the circumstances and conditions under which
  stockholders and security holders who do not ap-
  pear upon the books of the company as trustee,
  hold stock and securities in a capacity other than
  that of a bona fide owner; and this affiant has no
  reason to believe that any other person, association,
  or corporation has any interest direct or indirect
  in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than
  was so stated by him.

                     H. GERNSBACK,
                     (Signature of Editor)

    Sworn to and subscribed before me this 1st day
  of October, 1928.

JOSEPH H. KRAUS,

Notary Public.

      (My commission expires March 30, 1929.)
  (SEAL)

AN ERROR (?) ABOUT LIGHT . OUR
COVER ILLUSTRATION

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    May I point out, *at this time, an error in your
  answer to Mr. T. Leistra’s letter on page 471
  of the August issue? You illustrate the theory
  that light has substance by substituting cannon
  balls for light corpuscles. In that case, you must
  also discover the presence of the cannon balls in
  the same way that you see light—by contact.
  Hence, the idea of luminous bodies is entirely
  out of the question. So, by traveling faster than
  light—or, in this case, the cannon balls—the im-
  pacts will take place in a direction contrary to
  that in which you are going and, if you are
  traveling away from the source of light, in over-
  taking the bodies you will have the sensation that
  they are approaching you. Hence they will not
  “become fainter and fainter” but, in fact, will
  carry out Mr. Leistra’s theory and appear to
  come from the opposite direction.

    In regard to your cover illustrations, it seems
  that the main objections are based on the fear
  of other people’s opinions! Personally, I think
  they are ideal illustrations of your new type of
  literature.

Kenneth Bradford,

    935 Somerset Street, West, Ottawa, Canada.
 [Your letter is very interesting. It is hard to
 be certain what would happen if one would receive
 light waves or light corpuscles, when the observer
 was moving at a higher velocity than they possess.
 It is more or less of a puzzle and involves some
 features which have not been brought out by
 any of our readers. Very few people can claim to
 understand the Einstein theories. In a sense, they
 avoid trouble by limiting the possibility of the
 attainment of speed exceeding that of light.—
 Editor.]

 mb School
 Course in
 2 Years,

  fThia simplified, complete High School
  Course—speciallyprepared for home study
  by leading professors—meets all require-
  ments for entrance to college, business, and
  f%A	professions.

       wllltSr Over 200 noted Engineers, Bus- ,
  I AllfCflC inessMen. and Educators helprJ
  vVUI	prepare the special instructio_

       which you need for auccesa. No matter what a
          your Inclinations may be, you can’t hope f
          to succeed without specialized training. Let
          us give yoo the practical training you nood>^

    ^ American School

                Drexel Ave. » 58th Street
                Pept.H-9294 Chicago

 Money Back When You Finish If Not Satisfied

 Amarican School, Dept. H-9294 DrexalAve. and 58th SL, Chicago
 Send me full Information on the subject checked and
 how you will help me win eucceee In that line,

 ......Architect

 ......Building Contractor

 ......Automobile Engineer

 ......Civil Engineer

 ......Structural Engineer

 ......Business Manager

 „....C. P. A. & Auditor

 ......Bookkeeper

 ......Draftsman & Designer

Electrical Engineer

 ......General Education

 ......Lawyer

 ......Msch. Shop Practice

 ......Mechanical Engineer

 ......Steam Engineer

 ......Sanitary A Heating

 ......Surveyor A Mapping

 ......High Scknl Graduate

 Atfdrees

CHEMISTRY

                     Complete, practical bome-study
 courses prepared by some of the
 best-known chemists in this
 country, including
 Allen Rogers, B.S.,
 M.S., Ph.D.—Head of
 Department of In-
 dustrial Chemistiy,
 Pratt Institute; L.
 M. Tolman, Ph.D.,
 Vice-president,
 United Chemical
 and Organic Prod-
 ucts Co.; Bradley
 Stoughton, B.S.—
 Head of the De-
 partment of Metallurgy, Lehigh University, and
 Owen L. Shinn, Ph.D. — Professor of Applied
 Chemistry, University of Pennsylvania.

Mail Coupon for Free Booklet

INTERNATIONAL SCHOOL OF CHEMISTRY
Division of the
International Correspondence Schools
Box 7144-D, Scranton. Penna.

  Without cost or obi 1 pa don. please send me full
  details of your home-study course In

  B Analytical Chemistry Q Metallurolcal Chemistry
  Chemical Engineering D Short Chemistry Course
  □ Industrial Chemistry □ Pharmacy

 Name......

 Address...

$1260 to $3300 Year

 Men—Women—18 Up / FrankIin
 STEADY WORK S	" ""

 Paid Vacations

               Dept. K-181
  y	Rochester, N. Y.

  r Gentlemen: Bush to me.
  ^ FREE of charge, list of
  IT. S. Government big pay

  Common Education	positions now obtainable.-Send

  Usually Sufficient cJ3 me FREE 32-pace book describ-
  y ing salaries, hours, work, vacation
  Mail rAlina* * 80,1 kMdr full particulars on how
  today	/ t0 Bet a P°sltI<>n-

SURE	/ Name ...............................

/ Address ...............................

 Boys—Girls, Earn Xmas Dollars

  Send for 50 sets Christmas Seals. Sell 10c «*
  us >3, keep $2. FREE gifts for jgir**

 N. V. Premium House, 296 AD

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES
864

AMAZING STORIES

  700

YEARS
HENCE

IN 1908, Mr. Hugo Gernsback, Editor of Amazing Stor-
ies, published the first radio magazine the world had ever
seen—‘Modern Electrics.” In one of these volumes he ran
a story entitled “Ralph 124C 41+, A Romance of the Year
2660.” This story, although written many years ago, proved
more valuable as the years went by, because many of the
prophecies he made in this book gradually came true.

  This was in the days before broadcasting had even been
thought of, and before we had the radio telephone, yet all of
this is faithfully chronicled in this story.

  Old-time readers of “Modern Electrics” probably remem-
ber the story, and now have a chance to get the complete book.

  A pioneer in the electrical and radio field, Mr. Gernsback
has a profound knowledge of the subjects, coupled with a
finely trained and highly imaginative mind.

  This unusual combination has enabled him to foreshadow

with almost unbelievable accuracy some of the more recen
developments. His earlier predictions, which have appeare
from time to time during the past decade in many newspapers
and magazines, are now realities. Every prophecy is based
on accurate scientific knowledge. His ideas are no more fan-
tastic than the realities and commonplaces of our everyday
life would have been to our great grandfathers.

EXPERIMENTER PUBLISHING CO.
   230 Fifth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

 -ORDER blank-

               INC.

 Gentlemen:

Enclosed find $........... for which please send me

, copies of “RALPH 124C 41+," by Hugo Gernsback.

 Name...
 Address,.
 City..’-.

PRICE $2.15 POSTPAID

 A.S.12-28

THE STRATFORD COMPANY, Publishers

  — For Sale by —

‘'MENTER PUBLISHING CO., Inc., 230 Fifth Ave., New York

Please say you saw it in AMAZING STORIES

  Against an amazing back-
ground of mechanical, electri-
cal and 'chemically altered
life of mankind there is set
a brilliant and colorful ro-
mance in the life of the
greatest living scientist of
that age.

  Ralph’s love for the beauti-
ful stranger, his conquest of
his rival and the worsting of
the great saturnine Martian,
culminating in a running fight
in space with tragedy and
terror conquered by almost
unbelievable and incredible
weapons, make one of the
most interesting and gripping
stories ever told.
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org