Hugh Pendexter
J. D. Newsom
Sidney Herschel Small

Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson
       Alan LeMay
       Bruce Johns

F. R. Buckley
Gordon MacCreagh
Roy Snider

'Published twice a month
//

For a lasting and refreshing treat after
smoking or when you can’t smoke*

  Flavored with the juice of fresh mint leaves,
WRIGLEY’S SPEARMINT has a tang
and zest to brighten your whole day! |\

  It keeps teeth clean and white, breath
sweet, soothes the throat, allays thirst
and aids digestion.

After Every Meal

%

H85
ADVENTURE

CWbo isuas the £Man h
the 3ron SWask?

CELEBRATED CRIMES

THIS mysterious prisoner on the ramparts of an
     island prison has always excited the most in-
     tense interest. What was the life which he

exchanged for one silent as the grave ? What had
he done? Who was he? What was his past?
The dissolute life of a courtier? Or the devious

ways of an intriguing diplomat? Had some fair
one in the hallowed circle of royalty loved not
wisely but too well ? Why during all these years
has he remained the greatest of all mysteries?

 NONE DARED TELL SECRET
Some believe that he was a twin or even
elder brother of Louis XIV, a true heir to
the crown hidden from the time of his birth.
Others think that he was the eldest illegiti-
mate son of Charles II; or that he,and not
Louis XIII, was the actual father of Louis
XIV. Some have thought that he was the
son of Buckingham and the Queen of F'rance;
others, that he was the son of Louis XIV and
De la Valliere. To have revealed it would
have cost anyone his life. The regent admit-
ted when drunk that the prisoner was a son
of Anne of Austria and Mazarin. Louis XV
refused to tell Madame de Pompadour.
Madame Campan stated that Louis XVI did
not know the secret. De Chamillart on his
deathbed declined to reveal the secret.

MASKED—HIS FACE HIS SECRET
In 1669 there was hurried across France a
masked man whose identity was shrouded in
mystery. Never has a prisoner been guarded
with such vigilance and with such fear of his
story becoming known. He was taken to an
island prison where the governor carried his
food to him; a confessor saw him once a year,
but no other visitor ever laid eyes on him.
He zvas always masked—his face alone
\would tell his secret

  He was well treated; supplied with fine
clothing, books, and served from silver dishes.
The governor stood before him uncovered,
and addressed him as Mon prince. When
the prisoner wrote messages on his white
linen he was supplied only with black.

   He is not a myth, as is proven by letters be-
tween Louvois, the minister, and Saint-Mars,
the governor of the prison. These are all
written in veiled language; never once is he
given a name. No letter mentions his crime
or whether he had committed one.

SECRET EVEN AFTER DEATH

This horrible punishment ended when, in
1703, the most mysterious of all prisoners
died and was buried in the dead of night,
under a false name, and given a false age.

His cell was carefully painted so that any
message he might have written would be
covered up, and everything he used was de-
stroyed lest any clew might be left. Thus
vanished a man whose name and identity
was unknown even to his gaoler —some think
even to the prisoner himself.

WHY WAS HIS LIFE PRESERVED?

What was the reason for all this secrecy?
What crime, if any, did this man, evidently
of exalted rank, commit that he should be

buried alive for life? Why did the king
preserve the life of this prisoner? Why did he
not have him put to death? The subject
becomes more mysterious as we investigate.

LONG BURIED RECORDS FOUND
The mystery has always terrified the im-
agination and excited speculation. With the
nineteenth century came an opportunity to
search long-buried records. Dumas did so
and told the whole story in one of the
volumes of the strangest and most curious
set of books ever published which he called

   A collection NEVER BEFORE COMPLETELY TRANSLATED INTO ENGLISH of stories of the most sensational crimes;
crimes prompted by illicit love, envy, ambition, religion—stories of poison plots, abductions, treachery, intrigue, and
conspiracies, gleaned from hidden archives. We pass through secret passages, see lurking figures and the gleam of the
assassin’s blade; we hear the muffled moan, the splash, hurried footsteps. It is the first and absolutely the only com-
plete and unabridged translation of this series. Printed from the same plates as the edition de luxe, sold at $100.00 a
set, the edition offered is illustrated by Jacques Wagrez of Paris and beautifully bound with emblematic design.in gold.

   NONE OF THE EDITIONS OF DUMAS CONTAIN THESE STORIES; AND NO SET OF DUMAS IS COMPLETE WITHOUT THEM

   Intrigues of a Licentious Court

    In one volume Dumas tells us of the vices
 and crimes of that extraordinary family, the
 Borgias, that furnished one pope and some
 of the blackest pages in history. We see the
 murderous, poisonous crew with their greedy
 craving for debauchery, titles, and gold. We
 watch the career of the beautiful but depraved
 Lucrezia. We see the intrigues of the medi-
 aeval papal court—the murders, abductions,
 poisonings—drawn from the chronicles of eye-
 witnesses which frankly call a spade a spade.

 Nothing in the World Like Them

    Let Dumas tell you about the beautiful but
  indiscreet Mary Stuart as Queen of France
  and Scotland, her amours, her barbarous im-
  prisonment and murderous execution, one of
  the greatest crimes of history. You learn to
  know intimately the men and women whose
  crimes have contributed the tragedy to the
  history of the Old World.	*

Examine these Books Free

    Think of a fascinating series, of which only
  a few have had any
  knowledge, by Alexandre
  Dumas, who gave you
  your first real taste for
  European history while
  following the adventures
  of D’Artagnan in The
  Three Musketeers.

   To appreciate their
 value you must see the
 books themselves and
 read them. We will send
 you the books for free
 examination. You may
 return them in five days
 and the examination will
 cost you nothing. If you
 wish to keep them you
 may pay for them'by the
 easy monthly payments.

  Just mail the Coupon to-day. At this es-
  pecially low price they will be quickly sold.
  Don’

5 this opportunity. Act at once.

THE RITTENHOUSE PRESS

Estab. 1878, 18 Medals and Diplomas

     Rittenhouse Square, Philadelphia, Pa.
 You may send me for inspection, charges paid,
 the 8-v9lume set of CELEBRA TED CRIMES,
 bound in dark blue cloth. I will return the set
 in 5 days or send you $1 as a first payment and
 $2 a month for 9 months. Canada (duty paid)
 add one $2 payment. Foreign $21 cash with
 order.

ADV. 10-1-27

II

 m

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ii

ADVENTURE

3.«r S.-:'

  A T'*\7T?TVTrTTTT? TT	Published twice a month by The Butterick Publishing Company, Butterick Building, New York,	v t

  AL) VrLN I U K ii,	N. Y. Yearly subscription $4.00 in advance; single copy 25 cents. Entered as second-class	Volume 6t

 Oct 1st 1927	matter Oct. 1. 1910, at the post-office at New York, N. Y.. under the act of March 3. 1879.	Number 2
          9 Additional entry at Chicago, Illinois.

Grim Pyorrhea gets 4 out of 5

All around you arc people doomed, through carelessness,
to contract Pyorrhea. Four persons out of five past forty
(and many younger) are its victims.

Carelessness—neglect of teeth and gums—is the cause.
And the results, too often, are loss of teeth, neuritis,
rheumatism, or other serious diseases and facial dis-
figurement.

And yet, if you start in time, it is so easy to prevent.
If your gums are soft and bleeding, see your dentist at
once for examination. And start immediately to use
Forhan’s for the Gums.

Used regularly and in time, Forhan’s forestalls Pyor-
rhea or checks it. It firms the gums and keeps them
healthy. It protects teeth against acids which cause
decay. It keeps them snowy white.

Ask your dentist about Forhan’s. It is the formula of
R. J. Forhan, D. D. S., and contains Forhan’s Pyorrhea
Liquid, used by dentists everywhere.

Safeguard your youth and health! See your dentist
twice a year. And start the morning-and-night Forhan
habit, today. Teach your children to use it as health-
insurance. Get a tube today. At all druggists, 35c and 60c.

Formula of R. J. F or ban, D. D. S.
Forhan Company, New York

Forhaii’s for the gums

 The New Model Pocket Ben is an ace
 among watches!

 He’s steady, reliable and unusually good-
 looking. That’s why he’s so popular.

 Sold everywhere for $1.50. With luminous
 night-and-day dial $2.25.

WESTERN CLOCK COMPANY

 La Salle, Illinois

MORE THAN A TOOTH PASTE.. IT CHECKS PYORRHEA

An Ace!

New Model
<Pocket<[}en
ADVENTURE

111

TwinSbrvlEe

forAmbitlom

Men)

 ‘Training

 Preparing
you for a
better job
and a Raise
in Pay----

J?

Employment ,

Service m

Placing you r a

 in it, or
 money
 refunded/ ’

O. C. MILLER
Director Extension Work

The

American School

  Is the first in the home-
  study field to recognize the
  need of guaranteeing its
  courses with a money-back
  contract, if the training fails
  to accomplish the benefits
  you expect. Thus all risk
  and doubt are eliminated—
  either the training will help
  you to a better job and a
  raise in pay or it will cost
  you nothing. To better carry
  out this important service,
  we maintain a National em-
  ployment department which
  keeps in touch with the em-
  ployers of Draftsmen all over
  the U. S. All this without
  extra charge to our students
  and graduates.

Professional
Outfit Given!

  You will naturally expect the
  American School to give you
  the best kind of instruments
  and tools with the best kind
  of training. This outfit is
  good enough to use profes-
  sionally after you finish your
  training. Mail coupon for
  description.

 Learn drafting—how to make and read plans, an d the doors of opportunity in

"	&11 mechanical, building, and engineering lines swing open for

                              you! There are more well-paid Drafting jobs open to-
                              day than in any other one profession or trade. There’s
                              a variety, a fascination to Drafting that will grip you.
                              No other work is so interesting, so well paid—no other
                              field offers equal opportunities for quick promotion.

                       The Draftsman is the Boss of the Works!

                              Destroy blue-prints and plans, and the wheels of all
                              Industry will stop until new ones can be made. Every
                              move of every workman on the job is controlled by the
                              Draftsman through his plans. Railroads, public works,
                              buildings of a hundred sorts, machinery, electricity,
                              automobiles—all manufacturing and construction start
                              on the Drafting table! That’s the kind of work to get
                              into, friend. Where you have the same chance as any-
                              body else to make a quick successl

 f You Are
 Now Earn-
 ing Less than
 $40 a Week

 I guarantee to prepare
 you for a fine drafting

 Eosition, right in your
 ome, in your spare
 time; then I guarantee
 to help you find such a
 position paying at least
 50% more than you earn
 today, within 60 days
 after^ you complete this
 training, or I will refund
 small amount you pay
 for tuition. We make
 this agreement to prove
 this instruction will
 make you a real Drafta-
 man. Back of this guar-
 antee are the entire
 resources and reputation
 of this million dollar
 institution.

o. c. MILLER

Director Extension Work

RAFTING Lessons FREE!

 —to prove you can learn at home in spare time!

 You'll be surprised how quickly you can learn Drafting by our
 new one-step-at-a-time method. We start you off by doing ac-
 tual Drafting room jobs from the very beginning. Before you
 know it, vou are batting out professional plans fike a veteran.
 Get the first three lessons—the coupon brings them. Do them.
 Test your ability to master Drafting at home. Without cost or
 obligation.

*

raencax^^cliool

 Dept. D-74, Drexel Ave. and 58th, Chicago

 O. C. MILLER, Director Extension Work

 American School, Dept. D-74, Drexel Ave. and 58th St., Chicago.

  Your offer to send me three lessons free and facts about the oppor-
  tunities in Drafting and about your course, looks good to me. It is
  understood I am not obligated in any way in making this request.

 Name —

 Address.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
IV

ADVENTURE

SKY HIGH!

Lieut. Walter,, Hin-
ton, First Trans-
Atlantic Pilot, N.
C .4 fame. President
of Aviation Insti-
tute.

 AVIATION—
 A Life of Thrills
 and Big Money!

               THE glorious new business of
               Aviation is open to you. It
               is a business—the fastest growing
               industry in America—more alive
               than the automobile business was
               when fortunes began to be piled
               up over night.

                 The whole country’s awake—
 4,000 airports in America—6,000
 privately owned planes—16 air-
 mail lines—transport lines—trans-
 oceanic service on the way—giant
 factories building planes and parts.
 Open—why the industry is crying, starving for men
 who know the fundamentals. They’re wanted in the
 air and on the ground—at the hangars—in the
 factories—pilots, inspectors, riggers—53 different
 trades. There’s big money in this life of thrills,
 adventure, admiration.

Easy to Get Your Start Now

 At home, in your spare time,
 you can learn the fundamen-
 tals of Aviation. Lieut. Walter
 Hinton, first Trans-Atlantic
 flyer, and his staff of experts
 will guide your instruction from
 beginning to end.

    All the principal ground work, so
 absolutely necessary to qualify, is
 secured. When you have graduated
 from the Institute and received your
 credentials, you are ready to
 take your place in Aviation.

    Final flying instructions
 are given at our own flying
 field here in Washington or
 at other fields in all parts of
 the United States in co-
 operation with the Institute.

 Get all the facts about the
 Institute course and the way
 it leads to Opportunity. Do
 it now.

 Aviation Institute of U.S.A., Suite 1010
 1115 Connecticut Ave., N. W.

 Washington, D. C.

   You may send me without obligation a Free copy of
 “Aviation and You.”

Name...............................................

Age (Not under 16)...................................

Street ...............................................

City.................................State............

 Who’s next?

 Lindbergh,
 Ch amberlin,
 Byrd, Noville,
 Acosta, Balchen,
 Hegenberger and
 Maitland—new
 names on the
 pages of fame!

 Whose name
next week or next
year?

T'he J^oyal Gjrenadier

 This story of Ared White’s reads like an ex-
 citing chapter from the history of the Great
 War. Read it in the October Everybody s.

BUILD SHIP MODELS

Send 6 cents for catalog of plans, books, prints,
maps and other things that smack of the sea.

SEA ARTS GUILD
405-C Eleventh Ave., Milwaukee, Wi*.

 I American Technical Society,

     Dept. A-710, Drexel Ave. & 58th St., Chicago, III.

Please loan me for 15 days, free, the 5 volume library of "Auto Engineering.” I	™

  I will pay the few cents delivery charges when books are received, and I have the	■

privilege of returning them at your expense within 15 days, in which case I	D

will owe you nothing. If I decide to keep them I will send $2, after 15 days,	B

  a then $3 a month until your special advertising price of $24.80 is paid.	■

■ Name............................................................................................•

^ Address........................................................................................I

 | Attach a letter stating employer’s and reference’s	|

names and addresses, or write same plainly in margin.	_

Make$40 to$100 a week
    in Auto “Up-Keep”

 Any man who will take the trouble to expertly learn
 the mechanical and electrical end of automotive
 “maintenance” is sitting pretty these days. For
 up-keep has become the BIG-MONEY end of the
 great auto industry. They only build 3 million new
 cars a year, but there are 22 million autos, trucks,
 tractors, taxis and buses TO SERVICE.

Get away from the grease —

BE AN AUTO EXPERT!

  Garages, Service Stations, Repair and Electrical shops
  are looking for EXPERTS—men who are worth S50 to
  S100 a week. So I urge you to aim for the job HIGHER
  UP. Be foreman, manager or superintendent. Or go
  into business for yourself. YOU CAN—if you’re only
  willing to devote a part of your spare time to learning.

LEARN AT HOME-

the quick, sure, easy way!

 No studying, no memorizing, no trade courses—no
 lessons or examinations. Here is a better way. You
 don’t have to keep a million facts in your head—if you
 know where to put your finger on them. Eleven

  noted auto engineers have prepared this material, 2,300
  pages, over 2,000 blue prints, wiring diagrams and illus-
  trations. In 5 big volumes. Jiffy-indexed for instant
  reference.

Start with the COUPON!

 We’ll loan you this AMERICAN AUTO ENGINEER-
 ING LIBRARY so you can see for yourself how other
 men JUST LIKE YOU have jumped to better-paid
 auto jobs. By occasional reading. By LOOKING
 UP the answer to problems as they arise in the day’s
 work. By using our "question and answer” service.
 At a cost less than a fourth of the price of trade courses.

AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCIETY
Dept. A-710, Drexel Ave. & 58th St., Chicago

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

AFTER SHAVING

HERE IS A GOOD BET

Have you ever tried Listerine after shaving?
You will like it.

We are so certain of this that we are
willing to risk the cost of this page (more
than the average man’s yearly income) to
tell you about it.

After your next shave, just douse Lis-
terine on full strength and watch
results. Immediately, your skin
will tingle with new life and

LIST

vigor. Then, over your face will steal a
lingering and delightful sense of coolness
such as you have never known before.

And as it cools, Listerine also heals—
takes the smart and bum out of tiny
wounds left by the razor and lessens the
danger of infection. Go ahead and
try Listerine this way. We dare
you. Lambert Pharmacal Com'
pany, St. Louis, Mo., U. S. A.

INE

— the safe antiseptic

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
VI

ADVENTURE

SAY “BAYER ASPIRIN” and INSIST!

Unless you see the “Bayer Cross” on tablets you are
not getting the genuine Bayer Aspirin proved safe
by millions and prescribed by physicians for 25 years.

DOES NOT AFFECT THE HEART

                        Accept only “Bayer” package
                        which contains proven directions.

                              Handy “Bayer” boxes of 12 tablets
                              Also bottles of 24 and 100—Druggists.

Aspirin is the trade mark of Bayer Manufacture of Monoaceticacidester of Salley licacid

This Book

FREE!

                -THE CONTROL OF BUSINESS '
    Accountants command big income. /

     Thousands needed. About9,000 Cer-,
     tified Public Accountants in U. S. j
     Many earn $5,000 to $20,000. We y
     train you thoroly at home in your i
     spare time for C. P. A. examina- i
     tions or executive accounting J
     positions. Previous bookkeep-
     ing knowledge unnecessary—
     we prepare you from ground!
     up. Our training is super-
     vised by Wm. B. Castenholz, A. M.,

      C. P. A., assisted by staff of C. P.

     A.’s. Low cost—easy terms. Write
     now for valuable 64 page book free.

     LaSalle Extension University, Dept. 1076-H, Chicago

Stop Using a Truss

                STUART’S PLAPAO-PADS are different from
              the truss, being mechanico-chemico applicators,
              made self-adhesive purposely to hold the dis-
              tended muscles securely in place. No straps,
              buckles or spring attached—cannot Slip, SO
              cannot chafe or press against the pubic bone.
              Thousands have successfully treated themselves
              at home without hindrance from work—most
              obstinate cases conquered. Soft as velvet—easy to
              apply—inexpensive. Awarded Gold Medal and
              Grand Prix. Process of recovery is natural, so no
              subsequent use for a truss. We prove nnpr
              it by sending Trial of Plapao absolutely h K r r
              Write name on Coupon and send TO DAY. 1

 Plapao Co., 668 Stuart Bldg., St. Louis, Mo.

Name......................................................

Address....................................................

 Return mail will bring Free Trial Plapao.

                    Make $100.00 a week and up, selling our
 fine made-to-measure, all-wool suits,
 direct to wearer. Biggest values—positively sell on sight. Big-
 gest commissions paid in advance. We attend to delivery
 and collections. 6x9 cloth samples — over 100 styles—
 furnished FREE. Ambitious men write at once.

W.Z.GIBSON, Inc., 161 W. Harrison, Dept. K403, Chicago

 $1950

SPRINGFIELD RIFLE, Model 1903

                             assembled and refinished

 Offered without bayonet. Price $19.50. Packing charge
 50c extra. Used gun sling 50c. Ball cartridges $3.50 per
 100. New 1927 illustrated catalog, 380 pages, showing all
 American guns and pistols since 1775, with other Army
 and Navy equipment, mailed 50c. Special new circular for
 2c stamp. Est. 1865.

Francis Bannerman Sons, 501 B’way, N. Y. City

BIG MONEY'

 Showing shirt samples and writing
 orders. Many earn $60. to $75. a
 week. We send you all samples and
 supplies FREE and show you how
 to make big profits, full or spare
 time. Apply at once and we editc
 will include men’s tie line rKLL

 HOWARD SHIRT COMPANY

 Dept. 59, 1213 W. Buren,

Chicago, 111.

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
ADVENTURE

vii

EITH ER.

SET

 With Two
 50$ Pkgs
 of Blades

 In terchangeable
 Blades 50c for
 package of 5

An Appeal to Reason

 Common sense tells you that the safety
 razor with the best blade is the one for
 you to use. It’s the blade—nothing else—
 that takes the beard off your face.

 Durham-Duplex Blades are made of the finest razor steel
 imported from Sweden. They are the longest—that
 saves time, one stroke does the work of two. They are
 thick and strong—you get the heart of the steel only
 for an edge—we grind away the rest. They are hollow
 ground—that gives you’ the keenest and most lasting
 edge.

 Each and every blade is hair tested before being packed.

 The Durham-Duplex Razor gives you the sliding diagonal
 stroke cutting your beard instead of scraping it off.

     DURHAM-DUPLEX RAZOR CO., Jersey City, N. J.
     Factories: Jersey City; Sheffield, Eng.; Paris, France;
     Toronto, Can. Sales Representatives in all Countries.

  Special Offer 25c.

      Take this coupon to your dealer or send to us and get a
      genuine Durham-Duplex Razor with only one blade for 25c.

I DurhanvDuplex Razor Co., Jersey City, N. J. (Address for Canada:

I 50 Pearl St., Toronto, Can.) I enclose 25c for razor and blade. Check j

type preferred.	AFF'io	I

| Name...................................................|

j Address............................................................................................|

Town or City and State........................................................................J

 I prefer Long Handled Type..............Safety Type................I

SHOW CARD
LETTERING

 Jjeam at Home

    Here is the very course you need if you want to
    get a good paying position as a Show Card Letterer
    or Sign Letterer, or have a business of your own.
    TTiis course is complete and practical and especially
    arranged to meet the needs of the student' who studies
    at home. It was written by E. L. Roller, Principal
    of the School of Art of the International Correspon-
    dence Schools, member of the American Federation
    of Arts, and The National Society of Craftsmen.

      Mr. Roller has had twenty years’ teaching experi-
    ence, and his success in helping other men and women
    is an indication of what he can do for you.

      H. L. Wood, a clerk, made more than $700 “on
    the side” before he had completed his course and
    also won $125 in prizes. Harry William Lord writes
    that he has more than doubled his salary as a result
    of studying this I. C. S. course in spare time.
    William Whitman, a former wagon builder{ now has
    a sign painting business of his own and is earning
    nearly three times as much as he did before enrolling
    with the International Correspondence Schools.

      There is no doubt that Show Card Lettering and
    Sign Lettering offer a real opportunity to ambitious
    men and women. Just mark and mail the coupon
    and we’'ll gladly send you a booklet telling all about
    the I. C. S. course in Show Card Lettering, or any
    other subject in which you are interested.

     INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Box 2047-E, Scranton, Penna.

     The oldest and largest correspondence schools in the world
Without cost or obligation on ir.y part, please tell me how I
can qualify for the position or in tho subject before which I hav©
marked an X:

□ SHOW CARD LETTERING

  ILLUSTRATING

   Business Management
   Traffic Management
   Business Law

   Iianking and Banking Law
   \ecountancy (including C.P,

   □	Nicholson Cost Accounting

   □	Bookkeeping

   B Private Secretary
   Salesmanship

A.)

 CARTOONING

 Advertising
 Better Letters
 French	Cl Spanish

 Stenography and Typing
 Business English
 Civil Service
 _ Railway Mail Clerk
 □ Common School Subjects
 J High School Subjects

     TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

 □	Electrical Engineering

 □	Electric Lighting

 □	Mechanical Engineer

 □	Mechanical Draftsman

 □	Machine Shop Practice

 □	Kailroad Positions

 □	C.as Engine Operating

 □	Civil Engineer

 □	Surveying and Mapping

Steam Engineering
Architect

Architects' Blueprints
Contractor and Builder
Architectural Draftsman
Structural Engineer
Chemistry Q Pharmacy
Automobiles	□ Radio

Mathematics

 Name. . .

 Street

 Address.

 City

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
viii	ADVENTURE

PLUS

^s/vtvS

Full grain tan calf
oxford—one of many
styles—and all solid
leather construction.

 Lewis

PLUS

FIVES

Quick-

w

Drying Jf

never damp, “dead

    AS well use a wash cloth as
    l an oversoft tooth brush.
    Damp bristles won’t pene-
    trate between your teeth.
    Won’t stimulate the gums.

   The Pebeco Tooth Brush—
   ventilated—dries overnight.

    Its brijtles are always firm,
    live. And its two tufts reach
    every part of your teeth. All
    druggists. Made only by
    Pebeco, Inc., Bloomfield. N. J.

P EL B EL CO

      VENTILATED

Tooth Brush

JUST that extra “snap and go that puts
you over the line among men whose
appearance wins instant approval!

Lewis Shoes have it. They are always
made to meet the same fixed standards of
excellence in style and quality of leather
not to fit a fixed price. Lewis Plus Fives,
Lewis Big Sixes, Lewis Royals are always
plus value. And the prices range from $5—
or a few cents more when honest leather
costs us more—up to $7 and $7.50.

There are 50 Lewis styles—all solid leather
shoes that score where style and stamina
count. Nearby dealer’s name on request.

                   THE LEWIS SHOE COMPANY

North Abington, Mass.

 lewis

  ETtMdiMsfcWiart!

 The smartest, most interesting, entertaining
 and instructive Magazine in America ! 10
 weeks for only 10c. Special introductory of-
 fer. No magazine like it. Full of important
 facts, pictures and the best, most popular
 fiction. For all members of the family.
 Send name, address and 10c immediately!
 THE PATHFINDER, Dept. K-l, Washington, D.C.

 Join the ASPA
 and wear the
 silver wings
 shown here.

 Become a mem-
 ber of America’s
 fastest growing
 Air Society.

Membership fee $1.00 which covers
the cost of wings

The American Society for Promotion of Aviation Inc.

522 FIFTH AVENUE, Dept. 2, NEW YORK CITY

  High School Course'
  in 2 Years

                        can complete
                        High

                    You

                                 I this simplified ±11 k
                                 School Course at home fn-

       side of two years. Meets all requirements for entrance to college
       and the leading professions. This and thirtv-six other practical
       courses are described in our Free Bulletin. Send for it TODAY.

AMERICAN SCHOOL

Dent. H-74 Drexel Ave. & 58th St. © A S 1923 CHICAGO

Kindly mention Adventure in writing to advertisers or visiting your dealer.
  On the heights of contentment...

MODERN smokers have in Camel such
tobaccos and blending as were never
offered in cigarettes before, regardless
of price. Camels may be had every-
where—because they please the taste
of smokers everywhere. Money cannot
buy choicer tobaccos than you get in
this famous cigarette, and the blend is
so mellow and smooth that there is
never a tired taste, no matter how many
you may choose to light.

The producers of Camel, the
country’s largest tobacco organization,

concentrate all their purchasing and
manufacturing resources in this one
brand of cigarettes. Into it goes their
undivided pride and skill to produce
such a smoke as the world has never
known before.

  The result of Camel’s quality is its
leadership among cigarettes. Modern
smokers, won by its choice tobaccos, by
its ever-dependable taste and fragrance,
have awarded it first place. You’re in-
vited to modern smoking enjoyment.

  "Hare a Camel!”

R. J. REYNOLDS TOBACCO COMPANY, WINSTON-SALEM, N. C.

© 1927
ijouli hmj uh as ckmrfidly as d-nni

Anne was buying toilet soap.
Twenty kinds to choose from,
all the way to seventy-five cents
a cake, each with its rosy
promises and foreign accent.

  "Here, Anne,” said Phyl-
lis, "rry a doz«n of my
private brand. If you don’t
like it, I'll take the rest of
the dozen. If you do like it,

      GJor the fact and hands
      Ms Jine as soap can

you'll owe me sixty cents!”

 We happen to know that
Anne paid the sixty cents—with
enthusiasm entirely unbecom-
ing a debtor. She thinks Guest
Ivery is perfectly adorable!

  This dainty, exquisitely fem-
inine luxury that is winning
such a remarkable welcome from
women all over America, is

genuine Ivory Soap. Smartly-
tumed-out in charming blue,
moulded to fit slim, feminine
fingers, Guest Ivory is quite as
attractive as any soap, no mat-
ter how costly. Yet Guest Ivory
costs only five cents a cake. A
dollar couldn't buy a finer soap
for your face and hands.

PROCTER & GAMBLE
19 2 7	Joseph Cox

Vol. LXIV No. 2	editor

Contents for October 1st

The Dark Regiment...... Malcolm Wheeler-Nicholson z

       A Complete Novelette of Black Cavalry in the Philippines

The Spring Law.........Bruce Johns	2.8

       A Story of an Indian Sheriff and the Mob

Victory.............J. D. Newsom	37

       A Story of Foreign Patriots in the New Hebrides

The Night-Nurse ........Leonard H. Nason	49

The Time To Go.........Hugh Pendexter	50

       A Story of a Boom Town of the New West

Rodeo .............W. C. Tuttle	57
Cockney Joe, R. N........Roy Snider	58

       A Story of a Great Lakes Derelict

Adventure’s Abyssinian Expedition Gordon MacCreagh	71

       Notes from the Field

The Lucky Little Stiff......H. P. S. Greene	87

       A Story of the Overseas Airmen

A Hangtown Bill of Fare .... John L. Considine	93
Old Father of Waters.......Alan LeMay	94

       Part III of a Five-Part Story of Mississippi Steamboat Days

The Dignity of Prayer......Harry A. Franck	1x3
Machiavelli Peg-Leg.......F. R. Buckley	1x4

      A Humorous Western Story

The Thunder God........Sidney Herschel Small 130

       A Complete Novelette of White Men in Japan

The Camp-Fire......i8z Ask Adventure.......186
Lost Trails........190 Books You Can Believe . . . 191
Old Songs That Men Have Sung 190 Trail Ahead ........19Z

'Headings by Emmett Watson
Cover design by John Alan Maxwell

     Published twice a month by The Butterick Publishing Company, Butterick Building, New York, N. Y., U. 8. A. Joseph A.
     Moore, Chairman of the Board; S. R. Latshaw, President; Levin Rank, Secretary and Treasurer; Joseph Cox, Editor. Entered as
     Second Class Matter, October i, igio, at the Post Office at New York, N. Y., under the Act of March 3, 1879. Additional entry at
     Chicago, Illinois. Yearly subscription $4.00 in advance. Single copy. Twenty'five Cents. Foreign postage, )a.oo additional.
     Canadian postage, 75 cents. Trade Mark Registered: Copyright, 1917, by The Butterick Publishing Company in the United States and

Great Britain.
Near mutiny in the Philippines

THE

DARK

REGIMENT

 ACROSS the mesa,
f-\ a line of white
-L targets bobbed
up and down. Dust
spurted in small foun-
tains about them.

Great disks, black, red
andoccasionally white,
rose solemnly up from
the earth and lightly
touched the faces of
the serene squares of
white. Now and again
derisive little red flags
would wave ironically,
mockingly across the

  Back on the firing line, where a lone
row of dust-colored, serious-eyed men lay
prone, Major Davies sighed as the red
flag was waved for the fourth time over
Number Ten target.

  “You see, Swanson,” he said gently to
the somber-eyed soldier who had just
fired, “you missed again because you
flinched. Let’s try it once more; this
time hold your breath and squeeze the
trigger as gently as you can. Here, let
me load for you,” and he reached for the
rifle, inserted the shell and handed back
the gun, ready to fire.

 The man slipped his arm through the
leather sling, settled the butt of the gun
firmly to his shoulder, lined up his front
and rear sights and carefully drew his

breath, holding it as
he squeezed the trig-
ger. Suddenly he gave
a convulsive jerk; the
trigger snapped—but
there was no explosion.
Swanson stared at the
gun, looking bewil-
dered. Some one
laughed near-by.

  “You see how you
jumped, then ? I
played a little trick on
you by putting in an
empty shell. Now try
it again. Here, I’ll load your rifle.”
The soldier took the gun, this time a
skeptical look on his face. He wasn’t
going to be caught by that trick a second
time. He carefully aimed and squeezed
the trigger. Much to his surprize the
firing pin exploded a loaded shell. He
stared stupidly as the target on his front
dropped down into the earth and a fresh
one came up. He waited while the men in
the pits found and pasted the bullet-hole
and put up a great disk, marking a point
a little below and to the right of the bull’s-
eye. A pleased grin on his face, he
turned to Davies.

  “Whad d’you know about that?” he
marveled. “A four!” An exultant
gleam came into his eyes.

  “Now a slight turn to the elevation
By MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

screw and a half-point on the windage will
bring you into the bull’s-eye this time,”
encouraged Davies.

  The sights were adjusted. The man
sighed happily and snuggled down with
the stock of his rifle against his cheek.
This time he did not flinch. A great
white disk rode up from the pit and cov-
ered the face of the black bull’s-eye.
His eyes fairly shone as he watched it.

  Davies rose, brushing the white alkali
dust from his knees and wiping the per-
spiration from his face.

  “Get the major a chair,” Sergeant
Henderson ordered one of the men.
“Better take it easy awhile, sir,” he cau-
i ioned the old man. “You’ve been a-layin’
in that sun all morning, teachin’ these
dumbbells how to get on a target, and this
Texas sun ain’t no joke.”

  Davies sat back gratefully and rolled
a cigaret. Captain Montgomery, the
lean-faced adjutant, nodded in approval.

  “Seems to me,” he added judiciously,
“that if I were a field-officer and were
supposed to sit around and look wise, I’d
take it easier.”

  Davies looked up at him reflectively.
“Maybe you would, and maybe you
wouldn’t. Next to picking up a pat
straight flush, I don’t know any greater
thrill than taking a perspiring and per-
severing soldier, who can’t hit a flock of
barns, and exhorting him into making

a string of fives. It’s the getting of
such definite results that puts the kick
into it.”

  “Well, they certainly are perspiring
and persevering enough. These birds
don’t do a thing but eat, sleep and talk
shooting all through target season.”
Montgomery glanced over to where a
near-by group of soldiers were heatedly
comparing scores.

  “Sure,” agreed Davies, nodding, “the
average soldat americain likes shooting.
Target season offers him the only oppor-
tunity, throughout a boresome year, to
aim at something definite. The rest of
the year he has nothing to aim at, and he
generally succeeds in hitting it.”

  “Soldiers aren’t very much interested
in their daily work,” admitted Mont-
gomery. “Blamed if I see why they’re so
keen on shooting.”

  “Well, they get better pay if they shoot
well, for one thing. But the biggest thing
is that they are competing with other
men. And beating out the other fellow
always tickles an American pink. It’s
his heritage of sporting instinct. And be-
cause of that heritage the American Army
is the finest shooting army in the world,
bar none.”

  “Is that so, Major?”

  “Yes, if the rest of our military work
only came up to our shooting we’d have
some army! And it would be so blame
4

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

easy,” Davies said, half to himself, staring
thoughtfully over to where the men
waited their turns at firing.

  Montgomery took the bolt out of his
rifle and wiped it carefully. Sergeant
Henderson came up and said something
to him.

  “Swanson rolled up a score of forty-
two at this range, Major,” he informed
Davies. “Says it’s the highest score he
ever made.”

  Davies nodded, unimpressed.

  “Certainly he had it in him,” he stated
calmly, “and he’s got a lot more stuff in
him. Swanson is an average American
soldier. And the American soldier is like
an eight-cylinder car. Under our slightly
antediluvian army methods we only
manage to get him working on two cyl-
inders. If we’d use the same sense in our
other work that we show in our rifle prac-
tice, he’d be hitting up on all eight and
running smoothly and powerfully.”
z Montgomery was adjusting his field
glasses and examining the range before
him.

  “How are you going to tune him up?”
he asked casually.

  Davies stared across the mesa. The
young captain glanced sidewise at his tall
lean frame, at his serious mouth and chin
and at the kindliness of the eyes above
them. But there was something in the
look of those eyes now that reminded him
of Beelzebub, the golden sorrel mare that
Davies had changed from a regimental
hoodoo into a regimental mascot. Both
the mare and the man were built on
rangy, powerful, thoroughbred lines and
both the man and the mare had that same
trick of staring off into infinite distance,
as if visualizing far horizons.

  “How are you going to tune up the
army?”

  Davies came back to earth again.

  “I’ll tell you about the time I served
under Colonel ‘Timmy’ Phelan. Maybe
you can gather how not to tune up an
army, at least. Ever hear of Timmy
Phelan?”

  “Have I?” Montgomery threw up his
hands. “I didn’t know you’d ever

served under him. I’ve heard some weird

stories.”

  “You haven’t heard the half of it,”
grunted the major. “Listen—”

  And he sat up in his canvas chair and
began to talk, stopping at intervals’to
watch the men on the firing line, telling
his tale to the accompaniment of the
steady crackle of rifle-fire as the targets
rose, curtsied and disappeared, very
much in the manner of a line of old ladies
rehearsing a minuet.

  And this is the tale as he told it.

IN THOSE days Davies was a lieuten-
ant. His tour of foreign service falling
due, he was ordered to join the Nth Cav-
alry on the Mexican Border, that regi-
ment being under orders to go to the
Philippines. The Nth was a colored
regiment.

  Being a lieutenant, and not being a very
high ranking lieutenant, the regimental
commander assigned him to what was
then known as the machine-gun platoon.
It was an orphan outfit, wedged in some-
where in the regiment and sniffed at
generally by most of the older cavalry
officers.

  Being an orphan outfit it was made up
of men detailed from the regularly or-
ganized troops in the regiment. As the
commanders of these other troops were
allowed to recommend whom they pleased
for this detail, naturally they saw a heav-
en-sent opportunity to get rid of their
worst “goldbricks”—the army term for a
soldier who divides his time between going
absent without leave and repining in the
guardhouse.

  As a consequence, when Davies ex-
amined his morning report, he read it
with a steadily deepening frown.

  “Is this right, Sergeant?” he turned to
the coal-black non-commissioned officer,
“we’ve got twenty-four men in this pla-
toon and eighteen of them are either
A. W. O. L. or in confinement?”

  “Yes, sah, Lieutenant.” The acting
first sergeant rolled his eyes solemnly.
“Dis here outfit’s done been pretty bad
utilized.” '
THE DARK REGIMENT

  “Pretty bad what?” Davies had still
to learn not to look puzzled when the
colored trooper sounded off with a high-
falutin word, the peculiarity of the negro
trooper’s use of words being that one can
generally get his meaning in spite of how
he says it.

  “Dey done been pretty bad utilized,
sah, Lieutenant; ain’t nobody paid much
attention to dis here platoon and de men
gets kind o’ fractious.” The old sergeant
wrinkled his brow painfully in an en-
deavor to make himself clear.

  “I see,” nodded Davies with a per-
fectly straight face. “They’ve been de-
moralized by the inscrutable indifference
of a higher command, which has unac-
countably denied them their due need of
cooperation.”

  “Yes, sah, Lieutenant, yes sah!” the
sergeant replied heartily, a great awe in
his eyes, “dat’s just what Ah was tryin’ to
tell the lieutenant.” And Davies could see
his lips moving silently, in the attempt to
memorize the luscious, great, long words.

  Suddenly it came over Davies that he
was home again, among a race that he
knew and liked, and he thought back to
his boyhood days and the great trees be-
fore his grandfather’s house in Tennessee,
and the kindly cheerful black folk among
whom he had spent his boyhood days.

  “Listen here—” he turned on the negro
suddenly, so that the worthy sergeant
blinked and stepped back a pace—“you
get Word around to those worthless black
boys who are absent that they’d better
get back here quicker than scat if they
know what’s good for them.”

  Unknown to himself Davies’ speech
had slipped back into a softer, more liquid
note, a note that the colored man recog-
nized instantly.

  “Now, Sergeant, I’m going to try to
hornswoggle the commanding officer into
lettin’ me have these other worthless,
no-account, triflin’ niggers out of the
guardhouse, and we’re going to have a
real outfit lined up here tomorrow!”
“Yes, sah, Lieutenant!”

  The sergeant was emphatic. He sa-
luted and bustled out, immensely im-

portant, his face shining with satisfaction.

  “He’s real white folks,” was the word
that went out concerning Davies.

  The sergeant worked to good purpose.
The lieutenant retrieved his men from
confinement. Next morning saw some
twenty-two earnest black faces staring
rigidly to the front, as Davies inspected
them.

  The young officer was none too happy
over the prospect. He had been exam-
ining the descriptive lists of each of the
men before him. Scarcely a one but had
several summary courts martial ora special
court or two. Some of them even had
records of general courts chalked against
them. They were veritably the worst
men in the regiment, all thankfully de-
tailed to the machine-gun platoon by
troop commanders anxious to get rid of
them at any cost. Evidently courts
martial had no terrors for them; some-
thing else would have to be invoked.
Could he stir up their pride? He won-
dered. It was worth a chance.

  “You men belong to the machine-gun
platoon.” Davies gave them “at case”
and talked seriously. “Do you realize
the weight of responsibility that hangs
on each man of a machine-gun platoon?
No? I’ll tell you. If you handle your
machine-guns carefully, each man of you
is worth twenty ordinary men armed with
rifles! Get that and think it over.”

  The negroes looked impressed.

  “Every time one of you goes to the
guardhouse or goes absent without leave,
twenty men go to pot!”

  Black foreheads wrinkled in thought;
white eyeballs rolled solemnly.

  “Now we are engaged in serious busi-
ness. Some day our country is going to
need us. When Uncle Sam calls on us,
are we going to fall down on him?”

  Black heads shook in violent negation.
“I’ve been looking over your records.”
Men looked sidewise at one another.
“Some of them are not so good. But all
that’s over with. As far as I’m concerned
you all start with a clean sheet.”

  A look of vast relief spread over the
faces of the assembled negroes.
6

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON;

  “Trouble is with you, you never knew
before what an honor it is to handle ma-
chine-guns. Nowadays machine-guns
are so important that only the best men
are picked for them. They are the corps
d’elite of the Army!”

  It was very plain to be seen that none
knew the meaning of the term but they
were all vastly impressed.

 “Remember that word now; you are
the corps d’elite of the regiment and of the
Army, and if any man of you forgets and
misbehaves, the rest of us will throw him
right out and send him back with the
ordinary cavalry soldiers where he be-
longs.”

  They all nodded violently. Then and
there each soldier decided emphatically
that he would not be the luckless man
who made the first break.	M

  Davies dismissed them. They all went
chattering to their barracks. From the
hubbub of excited comment he knew that
they had taken his words to heart.

  “If they’ll only believe half of that, it
may perk them up,” he mused. “Maybe
something can be done with this outfit
after all. Now I’d better go and see what
a machine-gun looks like!”

SERGEANT TURNBULL, waiting
until the officer was out of sight, had
gathered his black cohorts around him in
the machine-gun barracks.

  “Ah wants you young soldiahs to listen
to what ah says. You all done seen our
new officah. Now lemme tell you some-
pen. Ah’s served undeh moah officahs
than what you has ever seen. Some is
good officahs and some is bettah. Dis
here lootenant is one o’ the better. He’s
been bawn and raised with cullud folks.
He aims to get along with cullud folks, but
he ain’t gonna stand for no foolishness
howsomever. He says to me no longer
than yesterday—” the sergeant swelled
out his chest grandly— “he says, ‘Ser-
geant,’ he says to me, ‘dis here outfit
ain’t goin’ to no longer be inscrutabilized
in a no accountable fashion by a cooper—
cooperashun o’ de higher command.’ ”
The sergeant paused dramatically t©

allow these words to sink in. White
eyeballs rolled; black faces look awed;
the sergeant went on:

  “And foh you-all, men what ain’t had
the advantages of eddication, ah’ll state
that de lootenant means by them words
that if any loose-livin’, splay-footed,
slack-jawed, shifty-eyed nigger in dis
here outfit tries any foolishness, de loo-
tenant will cloud up and rain on dat said
individual until dat said individual afore-
said will wish hisself travelin’ from else-
where to whence. Yas, sah, and when dat
lootenant of ourn clouds up, somebody
am a-goin’ to git powerful wet.”

  The dusky troopers were visibly im-
pressed.

THE DAY finally arrived when the
regiment entrained for San Fran-
cisco. The machine-gun platoon, having
been neglected, had no troop fund and
Davies himself had to pay off their debts
before they left. The regiment left camp,
marching on foot, led by the band.
Davies liked the spick-and-span trimness
of these colored soldiers, their khaki uni-
forms clean and pressed at all times, their
hats carefully blocked, their leather leg-
gins shined to the last word.

  What he liked most of all was their
marching. It was his first view of negro
troops marching to music, and he mar-
veled at that indescribably cadenced
crackle and snap that distinguishes the
marching of the negro soldier from that of
all other troops.

  It set him to wondering what sort of
fighting men the colored men were. He
knew that the American negroes, as a
whole, were not descended from the war-
rior tribes of Africa, that their ancestors
came from the Slave Coast, the Gold
Coast and from what is now Liberia, and
that they were unwarlike tribes sold into
slavery by old King Maccoco. Among
them he saw finer, more distinguished
looking specimens, men with the eagle
glance, the proud bearing and the reddish
skins of the Bambarra, that warrior
tribe of Africa. These men were gen-
erally non-commissioned officers.
THE DARK REGIMENT

7

  The regimental sergeant major, a tall,
dignified gray-haired negro, had all the
poise and bearing of a king and the dis-
tinguished courtesy of a trained ambassa-
dor. He might easily have been the leader
of a Zulu impi. Most certainly the finer
types of American negroes could be
found in the army. Their records as
soldiers had been good when they were
well led.

  Of course, there was that affair at
Carrizal, but their white officers had been
killed first; as a rule, they would follow a
good officer anywhere. There was that
unpleasant affair in the early days in the
Philippines when one of the negro organi-
zations had risen en masse and killed its
white officers.

 This incident puzzled Davies. It
seemed hard to believe, somehow. The
natural instincts of these people were
kindly. The young officer finally came
to the conclusion that the white officers
killed by their own colored men must
have been at fault, must have driven
their men to such action by brutally un-
tactful handling.

  And there were officers in the army, as
every one knew, who should never be al-
lowed to have command of men. Such
officers seemed unable to rouse anything
but vindictiveness in their subordinates.
He had often heard of one officer, a certain
Colonel Phelan, known throughout the
army as “Timmy” Phelan, whose disposi-
tion was such that his entire regiment had
walked out from under him, down on the
Border. It was common gossip in the
arm}'; but the thing was hushed up offi-
cially and, of course, never got in the
papers.

  With these thoughts in mind Davies
took advantage of the long train trip to
San Francisco to study his men carefully
and to work out a system that would
assist in getting the best results with them.

  They arrived at San Francisco at last.
The Nth Cavalry joyously took possession
of the transport. Pay-day, just before
embarking, had left them all in funds.
Naturally, crap games, large and small,
went on everywhere. The commanding

officer of troops, the senior officer on
board, an infantry colonel, sought zeal-
ously to break these up and he complained
bitterly to Major Wentworth, who was
temporarily in command of the regiment.

  Guards were increased, until nearly half
the Nth Cavalry was engaged in guarding
the other half. Finally, when the colonel
made a flying inspection and found the
guards shooting craps with the guarded,
he gave in and let Nature take its course.
Thereafter for a few days below decks
resounded happily with objurgations to
“Little Jo” and “Eighter from Decatur.”
Then, the bothersome loose money hav-
ing drifted by easy stages into the hands
of the more skilled, the fever of excite-
ment died down.

  It was then that the regimental chap-
plain organized the minstrel shows.
These were unique. With due regard to
the amenities governing minstrel shows,
the black performers never failed to apply
large quantities of burnt cork to their
faces. The after deck was rigged up
with a stage. On this, as the transport
plowed its way through the tropic seas,
the Nth Cavalry minstrels frolicked gaily,
their quips and jokes sending vast roars
of Homeric laughter out to startle the
lone seagulls, following the ship through
the wastes.

  At night the tinkle of many banjos and
guitars and the rich voices of the men
blended into harmony such as only the
negro can produce. The ship moved
across the great spaces of the Pacific
with music and song pouring out under
the tropic moon.

  Davies occupied his spare time in
studying the machine-guns and learning
their every part. After two weeks of this
he was convinced that the Benet-Mercier
was an excellent gun, providing one had a
troop of Swiss watchmakers to operate it.

  Honolulu provided the first break in
the long voyage. Major Wentworth
called the officers together and informed
them that there would be a day’s shore-
leave for the men.

 “Talk to your men before they go
ashore. You know, as always happens,
8

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

some whit-e soldier on police guard, calls a
group of our men black or nigger, and the
war is on. See if we can’t avoid it this
time.”

  But in spite of warnings, there was a
miniature riot. The officers were called
out in the small hours of the morning to
patrol Honolulu and return all men to the
ship. This was the first time that Davies
realized the potentialities of the colored
man for swift anger. He came up to a
group of them on a side street. They
were organizing a rescue for three of their
comrades, picked up by the white
provost guards. The negroes seemed to
be in a daze, their eyes staring; they
acted in unison, silently, but very much
as men who were undfer the influence of
drugs. Davies straightened them out and
got them back on the ship. But the
experience made him study his men
anew.

  Major Wentworth was a quiet-voiced,
unobtrusive commanding officer, who
saw everything, said little, but corrected
anything wrong very swiftly and cer-
tainly. He was immensely relieved
when the anchor was raised again. To
the tune of “Hawaii Nei,” played by the
band on the dock, and with every one
wearing the ceremonial lei wreaths, the
transport set sail.

  Not until ten more days had passed did
they sight Guam, that far-flung outpost
of the United States—a tiny speck in the
Pacific—which served as a coaling station
for the Navy.

A FEW days more saw them entering
Manila Bay. The Nth marvelled ex-
ceedingly at the great, gray vastness of
Corregeidor, that American Gibraltar of
the far East, rising sheer from the floor
of the harbor. Passing it, they studied
the innocent-looking cliffs that towered
up above them, knowing full well that
the huge fortress of living rock was
honeycombed with passages and chamb-
ers, that great guns crouched in hidden
emplacements below its crests and that
the silent mass could, almost at the touch
of a button, erupt into flaming, roaring

anger, heaving a destructive hail of riven
steel on an enemy fleet.

  Manila unfolded before them with its
great sea wall, its medieval Spanish
quarter, its modern buildings, its crowds
of gaily garbed natives, its streets filled
with carrometas and calesas pulled by
somnolent ponies, its lumbering two-
wheeled carts drawn by sullen looking
carabao, its air redolent with the heavy
scent of ylatig-ylang blossoms, a teeming,
thriving metropolis of which America
may well be proud.

  The men were hugely delighted as they
piled aboard the cars which were to carry
them to Camp Stotsenburg in Pam-
panga Province. The little narrow-gage
trains, hauled by vociferating green-and-
gold locomotives, sped through tangled
stretches of jungle, through great mead-
ows of tangled kogan grass, hurrying
through native barrios full of naked brown
children, discouraged looking chickens,
prowling, bluish-colored dogs and fierce,
razorbacked pigs.

  The stations were crowded with swel-
tering humanity—white-clad, loose-
shirted, barefoot men, each with his
fighting cock under his arm; and volumin-
ously skirted, soft-eyed women, gracefully
balancing great baskets on their heads,
carrying smooth-skinned, yellow mangoes
or green papayas or red-and-yellow and
purple bananas or bottles of dark rice
beer or finely chopped ice, splotched with
scarlet fruit juice.

 Camp Stotsenburg was a sprawling
army post with the usual long line of bar-
racks, on one side of the large parade
ground, facing the officers’ club and houses
on the other. The houses were low
wooden frame buildings with nipa
thatched roofs.

  The men settled into quarters, and
quickly made themselves comfortable.
The horses of the former regiment were
turned over to them and the routine of
garrison life commenced.

  The heat was intense, so intense that in
the Philippines officers were forbidden to
drill men in the afternoon. Therefore the
morning was taken up with the drill
THE DARK REGIMENT

9

and stables, and the afternoon saw a vast
silence descend upon the great canton-
ment, as every one took the siesta so
necessary in the heat of the tropics.

  As the heat of the day lessened toward
sunset, the post gradually came to life.
Officers were out with their tennis and
polo, while the men busied themselves
with baseball practise. Later in the day
the officers changed into the white-and-
gold of the tropical evening dress. The
band played from the parade ground;
there was the sudden blare of trumpets,
and the regiment lined up. A great si-
lence fell over the place as the silvery
notes of retreat rang out; the strains of
the “Star Spangled Banner” floated out
over the jungles, and the flag came slowly
down from its staff.

  From the officers’ club the cheerful
notes of dance music filled the moonlit
nights; from the men’s quarters came the
sound of song and happy laughter, the
tinkle of banjos and guitars and the
shuffle of many feet keeping time to the
dancing harmony.

  Davies came in, the first day, after
getting his platoon settled. So intense
was the moist heat that, taking off his
khaki uniform, he dropped it on the
floor, where it slumped like a wet bathing
suit.

  At the bachelors’ mess they found a
heritage of white-clad, barefoot, native
boys, who waited on the officers, looked
after their laundry, pressed their clothes
and served at table. They were from all
parts of the Philippines—Visayans, Taga-
logs, Illocanoes, Matabeles and others of
the diverse tribes that inhabit the Islands.
So dissimilar were the languages of all
these natives that they had, perforce,
to converse with one another in English.

THE MACHINE-GUN platoon was
assigned a small barracks away
down behind the other line of men’s
quarters. Most troops have a troop fund,
belonging to the men and built up from
contributions and various assessments.
From this fund baseball and football sup-
plies, magazines, phonographs, pool tables

and other things are purchased for the
soldiers. The poor old machine-gun pla-
toon had nothing of this; their barracks
was bare and naked. Davies,1 resenting
this, bought from his own pocket a pool
table and a phonograph, two essentials to
any soldier barracks. This cheered up the
outfit considerably.

  Davies wasted no time in getting the
men started on the machine-guns. He
had four of them. Around the Benet-
Merciers he built up four squads of men.
Now the orthodox method of getting
men trained in the army is to keep them
at drill—a daily repetition of the same
movements until some degree of per-
formance is reached. But Davies wanted
to do more than that. He wanted his men
to breathe, live and eat machine-guns to
the exclusion of almost every other in-
terest. To do that men have to be in-
terested.

  The machine-gun platoon, unlike the
other organizations in the regiment, had
no guidon, the scarlet-and-white silken
flag carried at the head of each troop.

  “Sergeant Turnbull, this outfit has to
have a guidon,” he announced to the
dusky first sergeant.

  “Yas, sah, yas, sah, Lieutenant, dis ’ere
platoon would be powerful pleased with a
guidon,” the old man nodded his head
enthusiastically. From the sergeant’s
joy, Davies figured that the possession of
a guidon would have a good effect on the
morale of the outfit. But he had even
deeper plans in mind.

  The purchase of some scarlet and white
silk and the sewing of a Chino tailor in-
sured .the guidon, proudly sporting the
neat letters M. G. T. A brass-tipped staff
was salvaged from somewhere.

  The platoon was lined up ready for
drill one morning. Davies carried the
guidon out and showed it to the highly
delighted men. They wanted to take it
out to drill immediately. But Davies
shook his head.

  “This won’t be used today,” he in-
formed them. “One week from today
I’m going to have a competitive drill be-
tween the four squads. The one that
10

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

comes out best will be allowed to carry
the guidon for one week thereafter.”

  The men nodded seriously, each squad
eyeing the members of the other
squads, studying them and their possi-
bilities. They were undoubtedly inter-
ested in the proposition. It was a sport-
ing thing; it gave them something definite
for which to work. The guidon auto-
matically became a symbol of excellence,
much as that little bit of white-starred
blue ribbon and metal, called the Medal of
Honor, is a symbol of bravery.

  “But that isn’t all,” went on Davies.
“The squad that wins won’t have any
kitchen police or stable police to do for
a whole week.”

  Grins of delight appeared on the faces
of the men as this news sank in. This
was something like! No washing dishes
or peeling potatoes or cleaning picket lines
or wrestling with bales of hay and sacks
of grain for a whole week.

  “Of course, somebody will have to do
that extra work,” continued their officer
“and we’ll let the squad that makes the
poorest record for the week carry the
burden. Now anybody that does any
foolishness like going absent without
leave or raising Cain in any other way will
have his sins checked up against his
squad. When he gets back and finds that
he’s put his friends in wrong and made
them do most of the dirty work for the
platoon for a week, he’s not going to be
very happy.”

  It was several minutes before the dia-
bolical potentialities of the new plan
dawned on the men. When it did they
were startled into Feflective silence. But
when their minds finally grasped it they
grew jubilant. It certainly was going to
make things hum around that platoon.

  Davies himself was surprized at the
swift change in his organization. Things
tightened up immediately and auto-
matically. His men were throwing them-
selves breathlessly into their work. In
one week they were handling the machine-
guns with assured familiarity. In two
weeks they had mastered all the drills and
firing commands. In the third week they

were beginning to fire the guns accu-
rately.

  Davies had to make some readjust-
ments before the new system went
smoothly. Some squads had a surplus
of slower men. These had to be distrib-
uted fairly. In one case a non-com-
missioned officer slowed up his squad.
He was reduced, and a keen private
appointed in his stead.

  The work had developed into a game,
with all the keen competition of a game.
Money began to change hands on the
outcome of the weekly scores. Davies
had to correct and iron out attempts at
cheating. But his work had grown enorm-
ously more interesting. From being the
slave driver of an uninterested group
of plodding soldiers going dispiritedly
through a daily grind, he had suddenly
become an umpire, judging between four
high-spirited, intensely interested teams
of sportsmen.

  An order came through from the War
Department, making the cavalry ma-
chine-gun platoons into full troops and
raising their strength to forty-eight men.
But in detailing the new men the order
specified that they were to come from the
regular troops. All the scalawags and
goldbricks that the troop commanders
had overlooked before were now thank-
fully detailed to the machine-gun troop.

  Davies, after collecting his new men
from the guardhouse and from absent
without leave, looked them over without
much enthusiasm. They were not any-
thing to grow happy over.

  But they were swiftly caught up in the
new spirit of the new organization. In a
week or two they had become so enthusi-
astic that many of them were crowding
the old men for honors.

  A little thrill of pride went through
Davies as he at last led his new organiza-
tion out, mounted, its guidon flaunting
proudly at its head. It looked like a real
troop at last. There was only one fly in
the ointment. The new tables of organi-
zation prescribed six machine-guns and the
troop had only four. His troop being too
poor to be able to afford a typewriter,
THE DARK REGIMENT

11

Davies had loaned them his own battered
machine.

  It happened that this machine was
equipped with a faded purple ribbon.
The requisition for the two extra guns and
pack equipment was laboriously made out
on this old wreck of a machine and duly
forwarded. Davies waited one week
hopefully; then two weeks impatiently,
but there was no response. Finally he
hired an automobile and rode to
Manila. Here he found a friend at the
Ordnance Depot and wheedled the guns
out of him, carrying them back with him
in the car.

  One month later the requisition came
back. It had grown exceedingly in bulk,
with some forty added endorsements.
The last endorsement was a portentous
and heavy warning to the commanding
officer of the machine-gun troop to refrain
in future from using a purple typewriter
ribbon in making out official documents.
There was nothing said about the ma-
chine-guns. Higher authority had com-
pletely forgotten the Benet-Merciers in
its horror at the heretical purple-inked
requisition.

  But as the two guns in question were
at that very moment being carried out to
drill, Davies devoted a minimum of time
to remorse over the purple ribbon. He
had now six guns and six keen squads of
men to run them. The machine-gun
troop barracks hummed like a beehive.

  There was no need to discipline the
men. The men took care of, that them-
selves.

  Out on the drill and parade grounds the
rest of the regiment went through its
daily routine as it had always done. The
soldiers of the Nth, being men of long
service, were not in need of more drill
than was needed to keep men and horses
fit and in shape to take the field and to
keep the regiment up to standard.

  Life was very pleasant at Stotsenburg.
Regimental baseball got under way; the
officers began to develop some excellent
polo. The golf and tennis enthusiasts
organized tournaments. A great minstrel
show, embracing all of the exceptional

talent of the Nth Cavalry, was rehearsing
nightly.

ONE DAY a sudden rumor began to
coil and eddy around the regiment.
Men were looking worried. Officers
shook their heads. Down at the bache-
lors’ mess there was gloom and some
trepidation.

  For word had come that Colonel
Timmy Phelan had been ordered to take
command of the Nth Cavalry. He was
arriving on the incoming transport, due
almost any time now.

  Timson, who on the Border had been in
the famous regiment that had suddenly
walked out from under the colonel, looked
especially downcast.

  “What’s his specialty?” he was asked.

  “His specialty! Being meaner than a
lone wolf with a sore foot. You’ll learn
things about the regulations that you
never knew existed when that old boy
hits here.”

  This was depressing.

  At last the word came that he had ar-
rived. All officers were ordered to head-
quarters to meet the new colonel. Davies
saw a lean man of middle height and mid-
dle age, gray-haired and red-faced, with
exceedingly sharp, keen, blue eyes, in
which there rested something like a gleam
of sardonic humor. The colonel was ex-
ceedingly energetic, pacing back and forth
nervously before the officers as he ad-
dressed them.

  “Officers and soldiers are the laziest
people in God’s green earth,” he opened
his speech, “and no one pays any atten-
tion to regulations. I am in command
here and I’m going to see that every one
works and that every one follows the regu-
lations. That’s all, gentlemen—good day.”

  A group of silent and rather stunned
officers filed out. Davies grinned to him-
self. There was something noteworthy
about this terse, hard-boiled old bird, at
that. He certainly didn’t waste any
words.

  That afternoon Davies remembered
some reports that he had to get in and in-
stead of taking his siesta, went down to
12

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

the troop orderly room. Glancing into
the cool interior of the barracks he saw
his men in shirt-sleeves, working at the
guns. There seemed to be some sort of a
race going on and there were many
shouts of encouragement.

  Old Sergeant Turnbull, his first ser-
geant, now proudly sporting the diamond
chevrons of his grade, saw him enter
the orderly room. Soon Davies heard a
“sh-sh” go through the squad rooms.
The shouting stopped instantly, but he
could still hear tense breathing through
the thin reed walls and hear the snip and
click of machine-gun parts being assem-
bled.

  There was a step outside on the porch.
The door opened without a knock.
Davies, looking up, saw the sardonic
blue eyes of Colonel Timmy Phelan re-
garding him.

  Davies rose swiftly.

  “How are you, Colonel?” He placed a
chair for the newcomer.

  “What’s this outfit?” barked his guest.

  “Machine-gun troop, sir.”

  “Hrumph!” Eviden tly Colonel Timmy
Phelan thought little of machine-guns.
“Seems to be the only troop in the regi-
ment doing anything this_ afternoon,” he
grunted peevishly. “Every one asleep at
the switch, as I expected.” He glared out
of the window up towards the deserted
parade ground. “They won’t get away
with that very long,” he growled.

  “Well, Colonel, it’s pretty hot—”
Davies started to speak.

  “Hot! Hot!” The old man’s eyes
flashed angrily. “What is this—a bunch
of Sunday-school teachers or a regiment?
I’ll show them what hot really means be-
fore long!”

  It was on the tip of Davies’ tongue to
tell the colonel that orders of the Philip-
pine Department forbade afternoon work
in the tropical sun; but he reflected that
it wasn’t exactly tactful for a lieutenant
to instruct a colonel on department gen-
eral orders, and he kept silent.

  The colonel rose.

  “You’ve got the neatest looking bar-
racks and stables I’ve seen in the regi-

ment,” he growled, as if it hurt him to
give any one a compliment, and went on
his way.

  That night at the bachelor officers’
mess there was an innovation. Finding
that most of the native boys played some
sort of an instrument, the mess officer or-
ganized five of them into an orchestra.
As the twelve or fourteen bachelors dined
in state, the orchestra played away,
thrumming out the gay lilt of “Sera-
phina” and the haunting notes of “La
Paloma” and “Las Golandrinas.” Davies
looked around the large table, with its
great candles casting a soft light on the
white and gold of the uniforms, and con-
sidered that this was much better than
the hot and dusty Border with its alkali
and mesquite and its gritty sand.

THE NEXT day things went on much
as usual. But when the trumpet
sounded “officers’ call,” at one o’clock,
each officer found a sheaf of papers in his
box. Dusty and wet with sweat after the
morning’s drill, the bachelors swarmed to
their mess and took off their grimy khaki,
had their shower-baths and gathered
around the table for lunch, all of them
clad in the white sleeping kimonos, ready
to take their siestas after the meal.
Sing, the Chino cook, brought in great
platters of ice-cold mangoes with which
they assuaged their thirsts before tack-
ling the lunch.

  It was not until then that they started
to read the new orders received at head-
quarters.

  “Good lord!” exploded Timmons, the
tall fair-haired lieutenant of G troop.
“What in the name of all that’s holy is
this!” He read on, frowning.

  “Why,” growled another, “the colonel
is starting the whole regiment in at re-
cruit drill, commencing with paragraph
one and taking to paragraph fifteen for
this week. What is the matter with him?
These men in the Nth have been in the
service for years. They don’t need re-
cruit drill!”

  “One week learning how to mount and
dismount from a horse, how to hold the
THE DARK REGIMENT

13

reins, how to salute—what the blazes does
he mean?”

  “Listen to this,” read Timmons:

   “At seven-fifteen A.M. all troops in the regi-
   ment will hold instruction in paragraphs one
   to four. At eight A.M. all troops will hold in-
   struction in paragraphs five to ten inclusive.

  At eight forty-five A.M.—”

  “But did you see this?” some one else
shouted. “At two P. M. all troops will
hold instruction in the school of the
trooper mounted, on the parade ground
—starting with today. And it lasts until
four o’clock! Why! That’s against
orders!”

  “Drilling the whole afternoon in the hot
sun?”

  They looked out of the broad doors of
the bachelor building on to the parade
ground, where waves of heat were shim-
mering across its silent expanse. A lone
lizard made the furnace-like heat seem
even more desolate by repeating his mon-
otonous cry—gecko! gecko! gecko! But
orders were orders. They bolted their
meals hurriedly, and silently got back
into khaki again. There was no time to
lose.

  That afternoon saw the parade ground
filled with dispirited groups of officers and
men listlessly going through the motions
of the “school of the trooper,” the in-
struction designed for recruits. A bur-
nished sun poured down its searing rays
from a copper sky. Every troop was do-
ing the same thing at the same time, all
rigidly following the schedule as laid
down in the orders. The colonel walked
around watching with eagle eye.

  Davies could find nothing in the orders
referring to the machine-gun troop. This
surprized him somewhat. But because
every one else was out working, he went
to his own troop and called them out.
Leading them down to a shady spot close
to the edge of the trees he started a com-
petition between the squads in quick dis-
mounting and going into action. It was
so like a game that all the men were
hugely interested and the hours passed
quickly. As a matter of fact, working

them against a stop-watch, he cut down
by three minutes the time it took the
troop to commence firing, a very import-
ant matter when three minutes might
mean the loss of many lives.

  After this workout, stables followed
naturally, the second time within the
same day, and the horses and mules had
to be groomed again, no easy task in the
heat.

  A group of thoroughly tired officers as-
sembled again that evening at the mess.
The music from the native orchestra
started up.

  “Oh, cut out that infernal racket!”
Timmson shouted irritably, and the native
boys filed out, without a sound.

  The meal was eaten in silence. Most of
the officers already showed lines of strain
under their eyes.

  Davies, taking a stroll after dinner,
missed the cheerful music and laughter
from the barracks. All was a quiet and
brooding there.

  “A singing nigger is a happy nigger,”
he quoted to himself, “and a silent nigger
is none too safe.”

  He studied the long line of soldiers’ bar-
racks with thei hundreds of dusky
troopers—over a thousand men—and
contrasted it with the homes of the forty
or fifty white officers and their families.
Negro troops had mutinied before in the
Philippines and shot their officers. And
this lonely Camp Stotsenburg, set here in
the wilds of Pampanga, was a long way
from civilization.

DULL and wearisome days succeeded
each other. By taking all initiative
from the officers and minutely prescribing
every movement they would make
throughout the day’s drills, the colonel
succeeded in removing all interest from
their work. Naturally they had- little
spirit to pass on to the men. The men
began to assume that pathetic, worried
look which appears on the face of the col-
ored man when he’s “under a powerful
strain.”

  Davies managed to keep his own men
cheerful under the gruelling sun, principally
14

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

by staying out of it. Also he had them fired
to a keen pitch of enthusiasm for the ma-
chine-guns and their service. Interested
men learn quickly and perform well.
There had not been a single one of his
men in the guardhouse or absent without
leave fpr as long as ten minutes since he
assumed command.

  One afternoon he was putting them
through a tent pitching competition. The
colonel rode by and stopped to watch,
lie saw forty men drop from their sad-
dles as though shot, saw them hit the
ground and rapidly link up their horses
and mules. The saddles were off in a
few seconds and lined up against the
guidon. Suddenly a line of shelter tents
appeared and men were arranging mess
kits and blankets ready for inspection.
As each squad was. finished its leader
reported. The colonel gazed on them,
amazed.

  “That’s the hvest troop in the regi-
ment,” he growled. “The rest of them
arc all dead from their feet up.” He rode
away.

  But it suddenly came over Davies why
the colonel let the machine-gun troop
alone. The old man didn’t know any-
thing about machine guns and didn’t
want to show his ignorance.

  Saturday afternoon was free. It was
then that the baseball practise took place.
Davies went down to watch his troop
team. Among the guardhouse birds to
which he had fallen heir he detected symp-
toms of a real pitcher or two and a first
class catcher. The men of his troop were
playing in undershirts and breeches and
running shoes.

  “When do we play the first game of the
regimental series?” he asked Sergeant
Turnbull.

  “Next Saturday, sah, Lieutenant.”
Turnbull turned a worried eye on the
rough practise.

  “All right, tell the team I’m going to
bet a whole sockful of cash on them. If
they lose, I lose. If they win, I buy them
a complete set of baseball uniforms and
equipment.”

  Sergeant Turnbull carried the word to

the players. There was a long colloquy.

  “We sure cain’t let the lieutenant lose
his money,” they agreed.

  Impressed by this, several of the older
non-commissioned officers, who had been
good baseball men in their day, bestirred
themselves and came out to coach. There-
after, at the close of “stables” each day
the entire troop turned out. The next
Saturday they won the first game of the
series. Davies took one of the non-coms
to Manila and together they bought a
bang-up baseball outfit.

  The following games found the ma-
chine-gun troop attired in proud uniforms,
flaming in purple and yellow, so that the
members of all other troop teams in the
regiment sighed mightily and enviously.
And the machine-gun troop won con-
sistently and steadily—every game they
played.

  The grueling heat of the afternoon drills
began to tell first on the white officers.
Three dropped out of the bachelors’ mess
and went to the hospital. The doctors
began to shake their heads when the ne-
groes started to go under. The major-
doctor in charge of the hospital told
Davies one day that over one-eighth of the
enlisted strength of the regiment was on
sick report. It is not safe for a man to
be physically depleted in the tropics.
There are too many dangerous diseases
lurking in wait, ready to fasten them-
selves on his weakened body.

  Certainly the bachelors’, mess was no
cheerful place those days. Dispirited and
weary officers growled dismally at one an-
other when they spoke at all. Few had
energy left for polo or tennis, and dancing
was out altogether. Even the women of
the regiment began to show the strain of
living with querulous and fault-finding
husbands.

  A gloom had settled on the bright spirits
of the Nth Cavalry. Among the regular
troops of the regiment, quarrels and knif-
ings between the men became more fre-
quent. The trouble with negro fights is
that they generally end in casualties of a
serious nature. One duel with knives in
B troop ended fatally. There was a quick
THE DARK REGIMENT

15

court martial of the survivor. He was
sentenced to death.

  “We’ll have that fellow’s sentence read
before the entire regiment,” growled the
colonel. “Maybe it will teach these nig-
gers to think twice before drawing a
knife.”

  Now it happens that there are certain
sympathetic folk who can use the word
“nigger” and get a smile from the colored
man. And there are many who had better
eschew the use of the term in referring to
that somewhat sensitive race. The colo-
nel belonged to the latter category. The
word spread like wildfire through the regi-
ment. And into the eyes of the soldiers
came an inscrutable look, the inscrutable
look of the black man when he thinks his
own thoughts and shares them with no
one but his own race.

  As ordered, the regiment was lined up,
the three squadrons forming three sides
of a hollow square. Into the square,
heavily manacled, a wild-eyed negro sol-
dier was led. The adjutant, in a loud and
piercing voice, read the man’s crime. The
regiment listened stolidly, a thousand
black faces gazing straight to the front.

  “And therefore,” the voice of the adju-
tant rose, “he is condemned to be hanged
by the neck until dead!”

  By accident or design, the voice of the
adjutant rose to a shout on the last words.
Through the straight ranks of the thou-
sand black men before him went a quiver
and a strange sound, a low moan that
rose, gathering volume until it filled the
air like the humming of thousands of an-
gry bees. It was an indescribably primi-
tive sound, a sound that made the listen-
er’s hair rise on the back of his neck. The
moaning hum died down; the men stood
straight and quiet again, gazing stolidly
to the front.

  Again Davies thought of these good-
hearted but exceedingly temperamental
black men, subject as they were to sudden
fits of mob passion; and he thought of how
simple a thing it would;be for them to
rise and overpower their white officers.
Strangely enough, he was not worried
about the damage to the white officers,

including himself, so much as"at the sure
and swift punishment which would over-
take the negro. He did not want to see
this fine regiment blotted out, when it was
so easy a matter to control these people
and gain their loyal cooperation.

DAVIES’ turn as “officer of the day”
came around at regular intervals.
Part of the duties of that office is to take
over the responsibility for the guard, the
guardhouse and the inmates of this last
sojourning place. Every time he went on
duty he checked up the prisoners; every
time he went on guard he found the list
steadily mounting.

  The average colored soldier, unlike
many of his white brothers-in-arms, docs
not take the guardhouse as a joke. The
roll call ordinarily showed some ten or
twelve men under arrest in the whole regi-
ment. But now the total mounted stead-
ily from day to day.

  In the third month of Colonel Timmy
Phelan’s command there were over a hun-
dred men in confinement—an entire
troop of cavalry at war strength, nearly
one-twelfth of the combatant strength of
the regiment. Davies shook his head over
this, but could not resist a little thrill of
pride at the knowledge that there was not
a single one of his own men there.

  The medical officers were frankly wor-
ried. They were responsible for the
health of the command, and their personal
efficiency records were being hurt in their
own corps by an exceedingly high sickness
rate. Nearly one-fourth of the regiment,
officers and mien, were now on sick report.

  Davies began to dislike dining at the
bachelor officers’ mess. So lined and
weary-looking were the faces of the young
officers, so irritable were their occasional
remarks, that it always seemed as if they
were on the verge of an explosion.

  From the colonel’s headquarters poured
a steady stream of orders. New recruits
came. Instead of including their training
in the regular drill hours, the colonel de-
cided that they must be handled out of
hours, so as not to interfere with the regu-
lar training of the regiment.
16

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

  After a few more days of this extra
strain Captain Poinsett keeled over on the
drill ground and was sent to the hospital
to begin a long series of travels in search
of lost health, travels which were to cul-
minate six months later in his retirement
from the army for physical disability.
Young Lieutenant Alexander began to act
queerly one day. Suddenly rushing to his
quarters, he came back with his pistol.
His face wore a cunning look.

  “There’s a man in this regiment trying
to kill me,” he whispered, “and I’m going
to get him.”

  He strode away over the parade ground,
his pistol cocked and ready. He was sub-
dued, luckily, before he did any harm. On
the surgeon’s recommendation he was
sent away and a few months later was
retired as physically and mentally dis-
abled.

  Poor Hurd, as fine a physical specimen
as one could find among the officers of the
whole army, tried doggedly to carry out
every order given to him, with the result
that he went the way of the rest and,
when last heard of, was a regular inmate
of military hospitals in which he under-
went an operation twice or thrice a year
for intestinal trouble brought on by over-
work in the tropics.

  The colonel spent most of his time these
days “ragging” the recruits, much in the
manner that a yearling rags a plebe at
West Point. He followed them about,
keeping up a steady fire of comment and
criticism at their awkwardness. Davies,
passing by unseen one day, heard one of
the bewildered darkies ask another—
“Who dat white man wid de chickens
on his shoulders?”

  “Why, boy,” was the answer, “dat dere
is the colonel o’ dish here regiment.”
“Zat so?” The first one shook his head
mournfully; then with a sigh, “Well, he
sure is powerful cruel!” and the two re-
turned resignedly to their tasks.

  The one bright spot in the week was
the negro church on Sunday. Davies
used to attend regularly, in the first place,
because he liked to hear the oratory of the
negro chaplain, an earnest and eloquent

exhorter for the Lord, with a gift for
colorful imagery; and in the second place
because the negro spirituals were beauti-
fully sung by the rich musical voices of the
Nth cavalry troopers. He noticed a
vague change in the spirit of these songs.

  Where formerly their voices had risen
exultantly in such triumphant chants as
“All God’s Chillen Got Shoes” and
“Lordy, I’m Glad I Got My Religion in
Time!”, they now seemed to be partial to
more plaintive lays, and crooned out,
“Oh, Lordy, Won’t You Hear Me
Prayin’?” and “Oh, Mary, Don’t You
Weep, Don’t You Moan”, with all the
tuneful pathos of which their race is
capable.

IN DAVIES’ troop things went along
smoothly enough. The colonel still
neglected to lay his blighting hand on the
activities of this organization. Davies
was enjoying his work hugely and, natu-
rally enough, communicating his keen
pleasure to his men. His system of com-
petitive try-outs was slowly but surely
showing up the strong and weak members
of his non-commissioned personnel. Very
quietly he moved for the reduction of a
few hopelessly inept ones and for the pro-
motion of capable juniors. The men all
realized the justice of his moves, for the
record of each corporal and sergeant was
there for all men to see in the records of
the performance of his squad.

  He learned one lesson, however, when
it came to old Sergeant Scotter. Here
was one sergeant that had all the ear-
marks of a splendid non-commissioned
officer. Sergeant Scotter had the reddish-
tinged skin and the sharper features of
the warrior Bambara. He had the ability
to handle men, but would not or could not
make his squad win.

  Sergeant Scotter was undoubtedly fall-
ing down on the job. His men were not
up to scratch. He was losing steadily in
the competitions. Before breaking the
old man, Davies cclled Sergeant Turnbull
into conference.

  “Yas, sah, Lieutenant—” Sergeant
Turnbull’s dusky face grew grave—“dat
THE DARK REGIMENT

17

dere Sam Scotter is havin’ domestic try-
try-biliations; yes, sah, he shore is afflis-
cated wid infelicity and unharmony in his
matrimonial relations.”

  “In other words, his wife is giving him
hell?”

  “Yas, sah, yas, sah, his wife done fill
his life wid mournful cogitations; dat dere
woman am sure a powerful disturbance to
tranquility.”

  Calling in Sergeant Scotter, Davies
asked him frankly about his troubles.
The old man would give nothing but eva-
sive answers, and the interview revealed
nothing.

  But that evening, as Davies was resting
on his bed under his mosquito bar, trying
to read in spite of the heat, his boy an-
nounced a soldier to see him. Putting on
kimono and grass slippers, Davies went
out to his sitting room. Sergeant Scotter
was ushered in, turning his hat awk-
wardly in his hands.

  “Yas, sah, Lieutenant, the Lieutenant
knows maybe Ah’s been havin’ difficulties
wid my wife. It’s all on account o’ that
there woman that Ah’s powerful low in my
mind, sah, Lieutenant,” and there was
something pathetic and wistful in the old
fellow’s eyes.

  “Is she much younger than you, Ser-
geant?” asked the white man gently.

  “Yas, sah, Lieutenant, she’s mighty
young and mighty flossy, all de time
trapesin’ around wid dese here young
buck niggers and showin’ no respect for
mah rank and position in de regiment.
Ah done married dat girl when I was home
on furlough. She wan’t nothin’ but a
cotton-pickin’ nigger—yas, sah, Lieu-
tenant, she didn't have nothin’. Why,
sah, a dollar in dat girl’s pocket would a
rattled like a mule in a tin barn, yas, sah,
Lieutenant!”

  The old man wagged his head sadly.
Davies looked the other way suddenly.
The old man went on—

  “Sah, Lieutenant, Ah done raised dat
girl from a lowly estate and it appears lak
its done gone to her haid.” He shook his
head again and then relapsed into a
silence.

    31

  Now for a “cotton-pickin’ nigger” to
marry a sergeant was a big lift in the
colored social scale, for a colored sergeant
in the Army ranks even higher than
a Pullman porter, while, as every one
knows, a Pullman porter is perched on a
serene social height.

  It appeared on investigation that the
lady in question was waiting at the back
door. She was called in, a little proud at
this solemn conclave assembled in her
honor. Davies talked to her, gently tell-
ing her how she was hurting her husband’s
chances, and he ended up with a promise
to aid the husband in getting a divorce
and having her returned to her cotton-
picking if she didn’t mend her ways.

  Strangely enough, this rough form of
tribal justice worked like a charm. There-
after Sergeant Scotter took heart of
grace and fell into his work with enthu-
siasm. But the word went forth—and
this family conference was the forerunner
of many thereafter, men from other
troops coming with their troubles, until
Davies knew all the strange undercurrents
of colored family life in the regiment and
unraveled many entanglements which
these black folk brought to him.

  The same rough sort of justice worked
well enough in the troop. The black man
is given to strange fits of gusty and cause-
less passion, passion aroused seemingly
over a mere trifle.

  It was a lamentable fact that most of
these storms were decided in the machine-
gun troop with the aid of the sharp ma-
chete issued to machine-gunners. Learn-
ing this early in the game, Davies had the
keen edges of these weapons ground down,
so that, at the worst, they could do no
more than leave a lively bruise.

  One of these sudden flare-ups occurred
on the picket-line one sultry afternoon.
The two culprits were brought before him,
ranged on either side by a portentous
first sergeant and a solemn stable ser-
geant.

  “What started the riot?” Davies asked.

  “Sah, Lieutenant, dis here fellow done
called me a lazy black nigger.”

  Davies looked him over quizzically.
18

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSOX

  “Well, aren’t you lazy?” he drawled.
The soldier’s strained and angry face
relaxed.

  “If de Lieutenant says Ah is. Ah reckons
Ah is,” he agreed mildly enough.

  “Well, aren’t you black?”

  “Yas, sah, Ah reckons Ah’s kinda dark
at that,” he grinned.

  “Well, aren’t you a nigger?”

  “Yas, sah, if de Lieutenant says Ah is,
Ah reckons Ah is.”

  By this time both the soldiers were
grinning broadly, their rancor forgotten.

  “Well, get out of here and don’t bother
me. If you do any more fighting I’ll have
you skinned alive and boiled in oil.”

  Both men left hugely delighted. Davies
worked on the principle, right or wrong,
that it never does any good to take the
colored man’s frequent minor falls from
grace with too much seriousness.

rI''HE FINALS of the regimental base-
's- ball league were played off. The
machine-gun troop won the regimental
silver cup and the great banner. Davies
was pleased as Punch, knowing full well
that a decided victory in anything is one
of the most important steps in making a
mob of men into an organization.

  Shortly thereafter a regimental inspec-
tion in full pack was ordered by the colo-
nel. The order came to pitch tents.
Almost before the rest of the regiment had
started, the machine-gun troop had fin-
ished, standing by its completed camp,
ready and waiting for the inspection which
followed. The colonel stared at this.

  Turning to the adjutant, in plain hearing
of the troop he announced authoritively—
“This machine-gun troop is the best
organization in the regiment.”

  A quiver of pride went through the
waiting troop; white eyeballs rolled
ecstatically.

“It’s too bad,” the colonel w'ent on, as
lie dismounted to inspect, “that a ma-
chine-gun troop is of no tactical value.”
“How do you mean, Colonel?” Davies
looked up astonished.

  “It’s no good for cavalry. Why, I
could take a squadron of cavalry and

charge you off your feet before you could
get your guns into action.”

  “I’d like to take you up on that, Colo-
nel,” Davies said respectfully.

  The colonel bored into him with his
harsh blue eyes, but said nothing.

  “I’d like your permission to arrange a
firing test that will prove how quickly
we can get into action and what we can
do after wre get in,” Davies went on
steadily.

  “All right,” the colonel waved his hand
carelessly, “make your plans and we’ll
see,” and he walked through, inspecting
the men’s equipment.

  Davies watched the men narrowly as
the colonel stopped by each pup-tent and
examined the two soldiers stiffly at at-
tention before it. Again he noticed that
brooding, mysterious look that comes into
the colored man’s eyes when he is con-
fronted by the white man who is out of
sympathy with him.

  And Davies knew that there was an en-
tire regiment of colored men who pos-
sessed a mass dislike for this colonel,
a mass dislike that could easily be fanned
into a sudden overpowering flame of
hatred, that might do great damage be-
fore it was put out. For the regiment was
steadily deteriorating. The score of sick
had grown until now there was almost a
third of the strength of the Nth Cavalry
on sick report. This would not have
aroused the hatred of the negroes. It
was the colonel’s reasons for this state of
affairs that set them stubbornly against
him.

  “These lazy black boys would rather
go to the hospital than work,” commented
Timmy Phelan, unfortunately within
hearing of one of the black men aforesaid.

  And of course it was all over the regi-
ment in half an hour. And a strange
anger, all the more dangerous for being
repressed, seethed in the breasts of the
black soldiers.

HAT in blazes makes those men of
yours sing all the time?” Tim-
monsasked irritablyat dinnerthatevening.
“They are going around like a dizzy bunch
THE DARK REGIMENT

19

of canaries. I heard them singing at
stables this morning. Who ever heard of
a nigger singing at stables?”

  His question was posed insultingly and
his voice was harsh. Davies started to
resent the tone, then remembered the
strain under which every one was laboring
and replied mildly:

  “Oh, it’s just a fad of mine. I like to
hear darkies sing. Lord knows, if they
can get any joy out of life these days,
they’re welcome to it.”

  Other heads nodded at the table.

  “I haven’t heard a song from my out-
fit in so long that I think they’ve forgotten
how; they go round mumbling to them-
selves. I don’t like that much,” confessed
Stanwick, who had a troop down in the
first squadron.

  “But what are you doing over there in
your machine-gun troop anyway? My
man, Curtin, who’s one of the best pitch-
ers in the regiment, is trying to transfer
to your outfit?”

  “Search me,” shrugged Davies, “I
didn’t seduce him.”

  “Well, it doesn’t make much difference
anyway. My men haven’t got enough
heart left to play baseball any more. All
they do is go around mumbling to them-
selves and shaking their heads. They’re
absolutely depressing.”

  “If the old man keeps me out on that
parade ground many more of these hot
afternoons I’ll do worse than mumble,”
growled Hastings, who commanded a
platoon in troop M of the third squadron,
“I’ll go around picking things out of
the air and singing—‘tweet-tweet—I’m
cuckoo.’ ”

  “Speaking of being cuckoo, have any
of you seen ‘Bunny’ Featherstone lately?”
Bunny Featherstone was the regimental-
ordnance - quartermaster - police - every-
thing - else officer.

  “No, what’s his trouble?”

  “He’s got a queer look in his eyes.
Came up to me at drill today. Said he
was thinking of nothing but bumping
himself off. Dreamed of it every night
and thought of it all day. Said he was
afraid of himself.”

  “The hell you say! He’s got an awfully
sweet little wife and a brace of kids.
That would be a shame.”

  “I tried to soothe him down but he
went away with his hands crossed behind
him and his fingers curling and uncurling
like a plateful of snakes. They’d better
watch that baby or he’ll up and shoot
himself.”

  There was a long silence broken finally
by Hasting’s voice—

“Here’s to the dead already—

Hurrah for the next who dies!”

  He quoted the song most brutally.

  “Good old army where they have crazy
colonels running around commanding
thousands of men. Did you ever notice
the back of the old boy’s head? There
isn’t any. He wears cap size about
five and half. Never saw a man with-
out any back to his head that was
normal.”

  “But why in the name of sin doesn’t
some one tell them about him down at
department headquarters?” asked young
Webly, newly arrived and a very short
time in the service.

  There was a long and pregnant silence.
Finally some one spoke up.

  “Yeah? Nice business. Junior officers
complaining of a senior. Department
headquarters would reward you by throw-
ing you out on your left ear and turning
you over to the colonel for ‘disciplinary
action’. No thanks, I’ll stick to the
troubles I know ‘rather than fly to those
I wot not of’—which Shakespeare or
somebody got off a few thousand years
ago.”

  “Well,” Hastings grumbled reflectively,
“if I have to put those men of mine
through recruit drill many weeks longer,
they’re just naturally going to blow up,
and there will be an explosion that will
shake up department headquarters.”

  “Do you really think the men would
mut—would raise Cain?” Young Webly
avoided the dread word, but his eyes
were round and serious.

  There was a silence for a space. No
one looked at him. Finally Hastings rose
20

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

and yawned and went out singing softly
to himself:

        “Ain’t been long in this here army,

        Mighty short time since I arrived;

        Guess I like it better than a-farming—•
        Ain’t no cows for to milk or drive.”

DAVIES went to his quarters to work
out a very interesting problem. If
a squadron of cavalry at a gallop can
cover so many yards in so many seconds,
in how many seconds is it necessary for a
machine-gun troop to unlimber and com-
mence firing in time to stop the charge?
As he worked it out he figured that a
machine-gun outfit that could come into
action in twenty seconds from the time
the cavalry was started could break up a
cavalry charge.

  The next morning he timed his men
with a stop-watch. They dropped from
the horses, unlimbered their guns and
commenced firing in twenty-five seconds.
He shook his head. They’d have to do
better than that. He told them why.

  The next day they cut the time down to
eighteen seconds. That was better.
They seemed to have no difficulty in
keeping around this figure, which was a
safe enough margin.

  He stopped in to see the colonel.

  “With your permission, sir, I’ll have
disappearing targets placed on the B
range in three successive lines, the targets
to appear at intervals representing the
approach of a squadron of cavalry at
charging speed. I think I can prove to
you that I’ll stop them with my guns.”

  The colonel laughed skeptically.

  “All right, I’ll be there with all the
officers of the regiment to show them how
wrong it is to place dependence in those
toys of yours. Tomorrow afternoon, on
the range at four, and I’ll have the tar-
gets put up myself so that you won’t
know from which direction the attack is
coming.” The colonel’s harsh blue eyes
glared suspiciously.

  “Fair enough,” agreed Davies.

  Luckily his men were skilled at firing
the guns. He had insisted in firing them
on the range at least once a week, both

with single shots and with bursts of fire.
They had become very proud of their
ability to hit with these complicated little
air-cooled Benet-Merciers.

rTvHAT afternoon there was the sound
A of pistol shots coming from down on
the officer’s line. Davies, crossing the
parade ground, saw people running to-
ward Bunny Featherstone’s house. He
followed. A crowd of officers and soldiers
suddenly ran back towards him.

  “Look out, he’s shooting.”

  He heard a shot and saw a leaf flicked
off from the tree overhead.

  “Bunny is barricaded in his house; we
don’t know whether he’s killed his wife
and children yet. But he’s gone staring
crazy!” Hastings panted beside him.

  “Maybe I can talk to him,” Davies
said easily.

  “You’ll get riddled full of holes,”
Hastings called after.

  But Davies walked very calmly down
the deserted sidewalk and up the steps
of Bunny’s house. All was silent. He
tried the door. It gave to his hand.
Entering, he saw Bunny waving a pistol
around in his hand, leaning dizzily
against the dining-room door.

  “What the hell is the matter with you,
Bunny?” he called, his voice very matter
of fact.

  The man with the pistol turned around
and peered at him craftily.

 “Put that gun down, Bunny,” com-
manded Davies firmly; he walked up with
outstretched hand at the same time.

  Bunny continued to stare at him with-
out a word. Then, very wearily, he
handed the gun over.

  “My head feels funny,” he whimpered
and, slumping down, began to cry like
a child.

  Davies left him there and made a quick
survey of the house to see whether he had
shot wife and children. He found Mrs.
Featherstone in the kitchen with her chil-
dren, crying hysterically. Bunny had
threatened them but had gone out first
to drive away the invaders.

  “Oh, that horrible colonel,” moaned
THE DARK REGIMENT

21

Mrs. Featherstone, a pretty little blond
woman whose normally rosy cheeks were
pale and streaming with tears, “it is all his
fault. Now Bunny has gone crazy.
What shall I do? What shall I do?”

  And he had gone crazy. From that day
on he recognized no one and spoke no
word of sense. He was sent back to the
States under guard on the next transport,
to spend the rest of his short life in St.
Elizabeth, the Army insane asylum at
Washington.

THE NEXT afternoon Davies led his
troop out on the B range, north of
the post. The B range is the target range
for unknown distances, as opposed to the
A range, where distances are known.
The adjutant met him at the edge of the
range.

  “The colonel directs that you march
along this road until you sight the enemy
cavalry, and thereafter take such action
as seems fitting. A pistol-shot will warn
you of the start of the cavalry charge
against your troop.”

  Telling his men to keep eyes and ears
open, Davies gave the signal—

  “Forward—march!”

  Behind him the silken guidon snapped
in the breeze. The first squad with its
two mules, one carrying the machine-gun
and the other the extra ammunition,
was at his heels, followed at regular in-
tervals by the other five squads.

  Up on a slight hill to the right he could
see a group of officers with field glasses,
among them the colonel. Somewhere
along this stretch of road the machine-
guns would be jumped by a hypothetical
squadron of cavalry, represented by lines
of cardboard silhouettes of men and
horses. He hoped his men would keep
their wits about them.

  The plain rolled up away from him to
the left of the road. There was naught
discernible in the kogan grass. Suddenly
he heard a shot.

  It was to the left. Without looking he
signaled “fight on foot,” and leaped from
his horse.

  There on the plain, at a few hundred

yards’ distance, had suddenly appeared
a long line of targets.

  His men were boiling on the road. Be-
fore he had time to give a signal he heard
a burst of shots from the nearest gun. It
was followed by the staccato rattle of the
other five guns.

  Fountains of dust were raised before
and behind the line of targets. Suddenly
that set of silhouettes dropped into the
kogan grass. One hundred and fifty yards
nearer, appeared another long line. The
time was so regulated as to simulate the
rapid approach of a squadron of cavalry
at the gallop. ~ Without command, the
fire of the guns was trained on the new
objective. Clouds of dust rose about the
pasteboard figures.

  Suddenly one end of the line of targets
began to droop and the entire row fell
over. So intense was the fire that the
targets had been shot through and
through and the guy ropes cut by the hail
of bullets.

  But another row, this time close at
hand, rose up suddenly. A terrific fire
was directed on these. They began to
drop and they fell in the same manner.
A whistle blew “cease firing.” Davies
signaled.

  The colonel rode up, a stop-watch in his
hand. He was engaged in low-voiced
conversation with Major Ladrew. The
two gazed curiously at Davies and his
waiting troop. The colonel seemed dis-
pleased. Without a word he rode over to
examine the targets. Major Ladrew
lagged behind. He leaned down swiftly
from the saddle.

  “Son,” his eyes twinkled, “you’ve
broken a world’s record. You went into
action in twelve and two-fifth seconds.
I have been watching your work with that
gang of jail-birds you had wished on you
in the machine-gun troop. Congratula-
tions !”

  And he rode on leaving Davies in a fine
glow.

  “Fine work,” he called to the anxious-
eyed men, “you have done wonders. You
went into action in twelve and two-fifths
seconds,” his voice rang exultantly.
22

MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

“Why, damn your worthless hides, you’ve
broken a world’s record!”

  It was cruel to keep men at attention in
the face of such news.

  “Rest!” Davies called to them.

  An excited babble of voices and happy
laughter broke out. But it was hushed as
the colonel and Major Ladrew came riding
back. The colonel looked, if anything,
more displeased than ever.

  “Well,” he grunted, unamiably, “you
seem to have hit a few targets,” and he
rode back to the waiting group of officers
on the hillside.

► Major Ladrew gazed after him, a curious
look in his eyes. Then he turned to
Davies.

  “You cleaned up, son,” he said. “The
targets are all torn to pieces. Your fire
was accurate and your distribution almost
perfect. Had that been a real squadron
of cavalry they woidd have been massa-
cred. More power to your elbow, young
fellow,” and Ladrew leaned down and
grasped Davies’ hand in a hearty grip,
then rejoined the colonel.

HPhE COLONEL thereafter made no
*■- reference to the feat. He preserved
a deep silence on the whole affair. As is
usual in the regular army, no official
mention whatsoever was made of the
breaking of this record, although the
facts found their way into the papers and
into the military journals of other armies.
Weeks later Major Ladrew came to
Davies with a cablegram in his hand.

  It was signed by a very famous ex-
president, now dead. It asked Major
Ladrew for recommendations for three
army officers to act as majors in a regi-
ment which the then ex-president con-
templated raising for service in Mexico.

  “I have cabled your name,” said Major
Ladrew quietly, “as one of the three livest
junior officers I have ever met. Anybody
who can take a gang made up of guard-
house cast-offs from other troops and
break a world’s record in three months is a
real leader.”

  The word of the machine-gun troop’s
prowess spread all over the regiment.

Incredulous troopers went out on foot to
look over the torn and mangled targets.
A lively and wholesome respect for ma-
chine-gun fire entered into the souls of
those men. And as for the men in the
machine-gun troop—they had long since
assumed an air of galling superiority, but
now they became totally oblivious of
the very existence of the rest of the
regiment.

  Applications for transfer to this outfit
began to pour in on regimental head-
quarters from men in the other troops of
the regiment. The greatest threat that
could be made to a member of the ma-
chine-gun troop was a warning that he
would be transferred back to the line.

  The orphan outfit, despised and re-
jected, had really become the corps d’elite
of the regiment. Shortly after an order
came through from the War Department,
increasing the strength of the machine-
gun troop of a regiment of cavalry from
forty-eight to seventy-eight men. In
other words, it had been brought up to
the peace strength of a regular troop of
cavalry.

  Davies sighed when he saw the order.
It meant the beginning of the end. It
was no longer a lieutenant’s command.
He would soon lose command and a cap-
tain would be appointed to reap where he
had sown.

  Some daring soul must have made a
complaint of the extremely demoralized
state of the regiment, for an inspector
dropped in one day from Manila. This
inspector-general was a dry, bespectacled
wisp of a man, who was immediately im-
pressed by Colonel Timmy Phelan’s
evident anxiety to follow every single one
of the regulations issued by a War De-
partment unusually given to voluminous
legislating. The inspecting officer sedu-
lously avoided questioning any officers or
men.

  He left after twenty-four hours and
evidently turned in a very favorable re-
port on Colonel Phelan. Thereafter it
was observed that one of the majors in
the regiment began to wear a harassed
and hunted look. It was not long before
THE DARK REGIMENT

23

he was ordered to Manila to appear be-
fore a court martial on some charges that
had nothing, absolutely nothing, to do
with his having told the truth about the
incapacity of a colonel who was command-
ing a regiment of cavalry at Camp
Stotsenburg.

  The men began to show signs of the
strain that they were under; their eyes
were sunk far back in their heads, giving
them a look of absolute dejection. There
were no more dances in the men’s quarters.
The nights at Stotsenburg were still and
silent, with no sound of happy laughter
rising, nor any note of music.

  Another incident occurred to deepen
the growing sullenness of the men. Out
on the great drill ground the regiment
worked by troops and squadrons. The
colonel, coming out one day, upbraided
several officers for the lack of life in their
drilling. Riding along at the side of one
troop he scolded and growled until the
troop commander was nearly desperate.

  “Now get your men in line and let me
see you charge down that strip through
the woods, and for God’s sake get some
life into it!”

  “But, Colonel, the natives have the
ground down there dug up with grass-
hopper pits—” the officer started to
expostulate.

  Grasshopper pits are trenches dug
across trails and open spaces, long and
narrow pits, not over eight inches wide
and several feet deep, made for the purpose
of trapping the great swarms of locusts
which the natives use for food. These
pits are concealed in the tall grass and
constitute an ever-present danger for
horse and rider.

  “What do you mean by disputing my
order?” shouted the colonel. “Move out
immediately—grasshopper pits! What
next?” he snorted angrily.

  The officer obeyed, grimly riding at the
head of that swiftly galloping troop,
straight into the treacherous ground.
Four horses went down; two had to be
shot immediately. One rider had his arm
broken; one was bruised badly. Two of
the black soldiers lay still and silent,

their necks broken. The colonel looked
them over calmly.

 “You can’t make omelets without
breaking eggs,” he commented. “There
are plenty of these—” he pointed con-
temptuously at the two silent figures—
“there are plenty of these left.”

  As the colonel rode away a low growl
rose up from the troop, a growl almost
animal-like in its throbbing intensity.
The white-faced officer mounted wearily
to his saddle and followed the ambulance
in, his troop riding silent, ominously
silent, behind him.

  Orders came for the regiment to take
the field on maneuvers. A little life in-
stilled itself into the dejected officers and
men. It was a relief anyway from the
unvarying daily grind of following page
and paragraph of drill regulations.

  They went north to Capas, where the
colonel started what ho called maneuvers.
The officers soon found that these move-
ments were afflicted with the same species
of dry rot that deadened the daily drills.
Every movement was done by rote and
line. There was no initiative left to
officers and men. Troops were ordered to
march to certain points.

  Once there, their orders were laid down
strictly, covering every step. At the end
of each day the colonel held what he
called a critique. He always managed to
find the hottest and most steaming spot
in the landscape in which to hold these.

  His favorite gathering place was a small
clearing in the dank kogan grass, the
height of which effectually kept out any
wandering breath of air, so that officers
were steaming moist and bathed in sweat
through a weary hour of harangue and
scolding.

FINALLY some staff officers came up
from Manila and set the colonel a
problem to do, to illustrate how he could
handle the regiment on campaign.
Throughout one hot afternoon officers
and men were sent hither and yon, up hill
and down, mounted and dismounted.
There was some dim idea that they were
engaged in holding a river-crossing in the
MALCOLM WHEELER-NICHOLSON

rear of a retreating army, but no one know
what it was all about.

  At the end of the exercises the umpires
held a critique. One of them, an ex-
tremely austere, gray-haired colonel,
waited until the last.

  “Colonel,” he began easily, “the method
you used today was exactly the same
means used by Colonel Distchenko, com-
manding a regiment of Dragoons in the
Russo-Japanese war. I might say that
you duplicated his every move with re-
markable fidelity.”

  Colonel Timmy Phelan looked around
the group of officers with something like
pride in his eyes. He nodded, trying to
look modest, and motioned for the um-
pire to go on.

  The gray-haired critic cleared his voice.

  “I will have to add, however, that the
worthy Colonel Distchenko lost his entire
regiment, to a man, and was himself
killed.”

  The colonel glared in astonishment.
Then, as the full import of the words
struck him, his face burned a deep angry
red. But the umpire went on pitilessly,
telling him how his whole conception of
the problem was faulty from the begin-
ning. By the time he was finished, there
was not an officer in the regiment who
had not seen that the colonel was as mad
as a turkey-cock.

  And, naturally enough, he took it out
on the poor old Nth. The regimental
maneuver finished the campaign. “Boots
and saddles” rang out from the trumpet-
ers. The colonel fell in at the head of the
regiment, mounted on a powerful long-
legged gray horse. Without looking be-
hind him, he ordered thfe forward march.

  Davies, riding in the rear, of the regi-
ment with his troop, suddenly lost touch
with the squadron in front of him. He
gazed ahead, worried. The regiment had
disappeared from view. He was going
along at a smooth and even gait, the regu-
lation trot for cavalry and the fastest pace
at which cavalry can cover many miles
and still come in unscathed and fit for the
next day’s march, or for battle.

  He made what time he could by short-

ening his rest periods and by increasing
his trotting time over his walking time.
But he had some twenty kilometers still
to cover and he had to bring his animals
in free from saddle galls. „

  As it was, he dismounted before his
troop stables late that night. The others
of the regiment were already finished with
their grooming. After seeing to his men
and animals, he repaired to the bachelors’
mess for something to eat. All the officers
were there, a scowling, indignant bunch.

  “What happened?” Davies inquired.

  “What happened?” growled Haskins.
“Why, the crazy old fool trotted about
ten miles an hour the entire distance.
Most of my horses galloped the twenty
kilometers. I lost five horses. I’ve got
something like twenty horses with saddle
sores so big that you couldn’t cover them
with a shelter half.”

  The toll of the other troops was the
same. Now, if there is one thing that is a
tradition, and an excellent one, in the
American cavalry, it is the heritage of
good marching—a heritage from old
Indian-fighting days, when six-hundred
mile hikes were the usual thing. An
American cavalry officer would feel dis-
graced and apologetic if one saddle sore
appeared among seventy horses, after a
week’s steady marching.

  Colonel Timmy Phelan as a cavalry-
man had sunk so low in the estimation of
his regiment that there was no hope of his
ever retrieving his reputation.

  “And the worst of it is,” Haskins went
on,“that the War Department rates him as
a very fine officer! No one in the War
Department will ever know how he’s
butchered a fine regiment of cavalry,
way out here in the Philippine Islands.
They are not interested in such details!”

  Even the colonel must have noticed
the hostility of men and officers the day
following, for he began to look a little
apprehensive. But not for long. He was
of the type that glories in enmity. Did
an entire regiment hate him whole-
heartedly, he began really to feel that he
had been a great success as a commanding
officer.
THE DARK REGIMENT

25

THE RAINY season was about due.
The low, muttering sullenness that
precedes it, filled the air and depressed
men’s spirits. They faced weeks of
steady downpour alternated by fierce
heat which filled the air with steam.
Leather boots or belts covered themselves
overnight with mildew. The dank humid-
ity covered one^s skin with prickly heat
and filled one’s soul with irritation. It
is a time to try men’s souls.

  A boxing bout was arranged by the
athletic officer. Owing to the lowering
skies it was held in the great post gym-
nasium. Davies went in company with
the other officers. The regimental ath-
letic officer was a tall frowning New
Englander. Arkwright did not like ne-
groes. He made no bones of his distaste
for the men and their race.

  Now there is no one keener to sense dis-
like for his race than is a negro.

  Arkwright was especially irritable that
night. The great gymnasium was filled
with solemn, black faces staring at him.
Several of the most promising fighters
had failed to show up. The boxing match
was delayed for half an hour. The colonel,
sitting up in the balcony, had called to
him several times.

  Finally the first two fighters came on.
They were two long, lanky, yellow ne-
groes. A steady pattering of rain on the
roof deepened to the roar of the first
tropical downpour. Men were uneasy.
The air was charged with electricity and
with the rumble and roar of cataclysmic
thunderings.

  It was obvious from the first blow ex-
changed by the two negroes that their
hearts were not in the fighting. They
leaned into each other’s arms through the
first round and softly tapped away as if
in mortal terror of bruising each other
with an unkind smack.

  Arkwright was refereeing. At the con-
clusion of the first round he went up to
each corner and remonstrated with the
men. His face was flushed. They looked
sullen. The bell rang.

  Up they got and gingerly approached
each other. Hoots and calls echoed from

the soldiers. The two clinched. The
officer broke them apart roughly—a little
too roughly, for a silence fell upon the
watching negroes.

  Again they approached each other.
One reached out and gently tapped the
other on his chin. The man, who had
been touched, threw up his arms theatri-
cally and sank to the floor. Hoots of
derision and cat-calls filled the air.

  Arkwright counted ten. The man still
lay supine. The referee’s eyes blazed
with anger. Walking over to the prone
negro, the white officer deliberately kicked
him.

  Davies, watching tensely, heard a sigh
go up from the thousand negroes who
filled the hall. Then all was silence.
Outside, the noise of the storm continued.
Inside, every one sat as if carved in stone.

 Suddenly, as if the same thought
flashed through every negro’s head, there
was the rumble of a thousand chairs being
moved. The men had risen. A low angry
muttering filled the air—a hum as of
an immense, angry hive of bees, dis-
turbed and vengeful. It was an ominous
sound, a sound that, once heard, could
never be forgotten, a sound to send cold
shivers up the spine.

  The colonel rose from his seat in the
balcony. Davies looked at him, worried.
It only needed a spark to start something.

  “Get back to your seats, you men,”
bellowed Timmy Phelan angrily.

  The soldiers passing underneath the
balcony raised their eyes to his. What he
saw there made the colonel’s face turn
pale.

  An angry roar suddenly filled the hall.
Davies heard the word—

  “Kill!”

  In the rear of the mass, pouring out of
the building, Davies suddenly saw old
Sergeant Turnbull and fifteen or twenty
men of the machine-gun troop. Rushing
down the narrow steps, he jumped among
them just as they were about to leave.

  “Men,” he called sharply. “Sergeant
Turnbull!”

  His men paused uncertainly. In their
eyes was a queer, drugged look, as if
26

MALCOLM WHEELER-NIC HOLSON

they were walking in their sleep. Again
he called. This time dawning recognition
came into their eyes. He seemed to have
awakened them at last.

  “Listen, you men of the corps d' elite, the
rest of the regiment is likely to do some-
thing foolish. It’s up to us to stop it. We
can’t have all these black boys getting
mixed up in any foolishness. We are the
brains of the regiment; we’ve got to stop
it.”

  They were beginning to nod in con-
firmation of his words. Now was the
time—or never.

  “Listen, each one of you is worth
twenty men. The rest of the regiment is
afraid of the machine-guns. We’ll run a
bluff on them for their own good. You,
Sergeant Scotter, take ten men. Double-
quick to the barracks and bring up the
guns. Sergeant Turnbull and I will
follow the crowd and try to talk some
sense into them.”

  Still they were a little uncertain.

  “Come on, it's our lieutenant talkin’,
the lieutenant of the finest troop in the
army,” bellowed Sergeant Scotter sud-
denly.

 Their wavering was over. Swiftly
they followed the sergeant.

DAVIES went out into the storm with
Sergeant Turnbull and the few men
remaining with him. Far ahead he could
hear the angry hum of a thousand voices.
If only Scotter would be on time!

  Hurrying through the night, he came
up to the outer edges of the crowd.
They were grouped in a black mass,
swaying back and forth and muttering.
The rain had stopped. A fitful ray
of moonlight made things partially
visible.

  From the direction of the barracks he
could see a group of men hurrying to-
ward his white uniform. They were
carrying something. As they came
nearer, he recognized his machine-guns.

  Near-by was a stout wooden hurdle
used for schooling the horses over the
jumps. Davies leaped upon this. He
filled his lungs.

  “Attention!” he shouted with every
ounce of energy he could command.

  Black heads were raised swiftly at the
familiar word. A silence fell over the
assembly. All eyes were fixed on the
white uniform of the officer, seen dimly
through the gloom. A low growl went
up; again Davies heard that word—
“Kill!”

  Turning, Davies shouted out the com-
mands for machine-gun fire.

 “Action front— Load!” he com-
manded.

  There was the harsh rattle of magazines
being inserted in the guns. A whisper
went up and traveled swiftly through the
crowd. “Machine-guns!”

  Some memory of those torn and riddled
targets must have come to them.

  “Silence!” shouted Davies, his voice
clear and steady and vibrating with au-
thority. “Come to attention.”

  The men before him sensed the ring of
command. They waited silent.

  “There will be no more foolishness,”
went on Davies in the silence. “What’s
the matter with you men, anyway?” he
scolded in that resolute but kindly voice
that so many of the negroes knew. “The
machine-gun troop is right here to stop
any silly moves made by a lot of recruits
among you. I want you old soldiers to
get a grip on yourselves. You are acting
like children. If one white man acts
foolishly is that any reason for you to act
still more foolishly? Don’t be children.”
Davies laughed suddenly.

  “Do you men think that all the foolish
men are in your race? Can’t you let us
have one or two foolish white men of our
own, without getting so uppity about it?”
A silence followed this for a second.
Then a chuckle went up from near-by.
It was followed by a general chuckle, and
then a laugh went through the black mass
of men before him. Davies wiped his
forehead. He found his hand trembling
strangely. But the crisis was over. He
had won them.

  “Now you run along back to your
barracks and forget your sore heads,” he
concluded.
THE DARK REGIMENT

27

  There was a great shuffling and stamp-
ing of feet.

  “Yas, yas, dat’s Lieutenant Davies—
he sure is right. Plumb lot of foolishness,
sure enough; dese here young soldiers is
gettin’ too uppity yas, yas.”

  Davies heard the voices disappearing
off in the darkness and the shuffle of
many feet on the barracks porches.

 And that was how a mutiny was
averted in the Nth Cavalry, a mutiny
that, had it gone through, would have
resulted in untold deaths and misery and
the eventual blotting out of an entire
regiment of splendid colored soldiers.
For had they killed their officers in their
blind craze of slaughter, they would most
certainly have been hunted and harried
and shot down like dogs by the other
troops in the islands, and would have been
a blot on the name of their race for all
time.

  A few days later orders came for Davies
to make a trip to the United States. He
packed his trunks and bade farewell to his
friends. On his way to the railroad sta-
tion he drove down for a last look at the
machine-gun troop. The barracks was
strangely deserted. Disappointed, he
went on to the station. ,

  There, lined up, guidon and all, was
the entire machine-gun troop under com-
mand of Sergeant Turnbull.

  Going down the line of men he shook
each by the hand. The train was whis-
tling in that annoying, persistent way
Philippino trains have. He swung on to
the lower step of the nearest car. The
troop broke ranks and pressed around
him silently.

  Sergeant Turnbull grasped his hand.
There were tears in the old man’s eyes.

  “Don’t forget, sah, Lieutenant—” the
old man’s voice broke—“that this heah
is yoh troop; wheahever yoh is‘and how-
somever, dis here troop is your troop.”
The train started to move. Davies
found tears in his own eyes. The black
faces before him were full of that troubled,

pathetic look that a negro has when he Is
deserted and forlorn. Slowly they passed
out of sight. Davies blew his nose loudly
before going into the car.

THERE was a long silence as Major
Davies finished speaking. The range
details were taking down the red flags
and the men were picking up the empty
cartridges from the firing points.

“Well, Montgomery,” asked the major,
“does that make anything clear to you?”
“Yes, sir,” replied the young captain
emphatically, “but what finally happened
to Timmy Phelan?”

  Davies grinned.

  “When I got to Manila,” he announced,
“I was called into the inspector-general’s
office. There I was put under oath and
made to tell all I knew of Timmy Phe-
lan’s mishandling of the .regiment. Every-
thing I said was put down by a stenog-
rapher. I took the transport, knowing,
from all the signs, that Timmy Phelan
was having a bang-up court martial
prepared for him by the Philippine De-
partment.” Davies stopped and gazed
over the mesa.

  “Well, did they get him?” pressed
Montgomery.

  “Not exactly,” Davies shook his head.
“When everything was set, and the colo-
nel had been notified that he was to ap-
pear for trial, a cablegram came through
from the War Department, making him a
brigadier general and ordering him to
Washington. Of course, that squashed
the charges,” Davies finished lightly.
There was a long silence.

  “Major,” asked Montgomery, “what’s
that expression about the letter and the
spirit? Seems to me it sort of applies to
what you’ve just been telling me.”

  “You mean the letter killeth and the
spirit maketh to live?”

  Davies rose and stretched himself.
“You said it. They should put that
as a warning at the end of every general
order issued in the Army.”
Justice and the Spirit of the Mob

Spring Law

By BRUCE JOHNS

F THEY lynch him,” said “Potato
Wauggie” firmly, settling his pince-
nez on his fine nose, “I shan’t do a
thing. A brute that could waylay a kindly
old fellow like Benton and murder him on
his own doorstep for a little sack of gold-
dust, deserves all he gets. And to try a
jail-break afterwards— No, sir! Shan’t
do a c’ndemned thing, so long as it isn’t in
the township. That’s what I’ve told the
boys—”

  He broke off and flushed. The color
ran up his long, bald and sun-burned head.
He eyed the Indian standing before him
with a certain defiance. Then he hooked
his heels over the rungs of his rawhided
chair, as it leaned against the log office of
the justice of peace of Plateau Requa and
indicated that he wished to return to the
reading of his Horace.

  “Klamath Joe,” the turnkey at the jail,
shifted his feet and spat. Over his proud
beak of a nose, his beady, intelligent eyes
swept the broad river where the steelhead
lurked in rocky caverns. He reluctantly
turned back to the town which slept on
the river-bank. It was hot and the wind
smeltof sun-steeped growth. Therewasthe
yeasty uneasiness of early spring in the air.

  “You justice of peace,” he accused in
his deep voice. “You gotta do somethin’.”

  Potato Wauggie put his book down
with an annoyed gesture. His blue gaze
bit into the Indian, coldly.

  “I’m sworn to maintain the peace in
Plateau Requa,” he informed him. “I
have done so for twenty years. I hope to
continue. What occurs outside the town-
ship is the business of the sheriff. Now,”
he continued, tapping his worn old classic

with one bony hand on which a seal ring
shone dully, “if they take that scoundrel
out from the jail and kill him, provided it
occurs outside the township, I shan’t do a
c’ndemned thing. Not one c’ndemned
thing! Right?”

  Klamath Joe sneered.

  “You mighty careful, all of a sudden.”
  Potato Wauggie glared.

  “Are you inferring I’m taking a cow-
ardly advantage of your being left alone
at the jail?” he asked in pure Oxfordese.

  The Indian shrugged, and a dull brick
color mounted into the old man’s face
Without a word the Indian turned on his
heel and began placing his bare feet in the
hot dust that lay between him and the
little log jail that stood on a knoll at the
end of the town.

  Thomas Linforth Augustus Trowbridge-
Penell, otherwise known as Potato Waug-
gie, once of Woodstock-on-Eppington,
SPRING LAW

29

Sussex, turned his pages nervously in the
sun. The color had not yet left his long
face, and under his gnawed white mus-
tache his lips closed angrily.

  “Looks bad,” he muttered and looked
down the town’s one street to the Requa
House, where on the veranda groups of
men kept meeting, talking and dispersing
with something hurried and secret in their
manner. “Damn that Indian, trying to
make me feel that he and I are the only
constituted authority in the town. Agh!”

  His indignant snort echoed in the clear
California air. Potato Wauggie was suf-
fering from his reputation. His Indian
name meant “incorruptible man who
grows good potatoes.”

  “Fine deputy sheriff Monahan is—the
fat, lazy beggar. Clearing out for the
county-seat, just because of a toothache.
Just when he knew how unruly the men
are getting about the Pole down there in
the jail. Can’t see how Joe stomachs the
man!”

  He worried at his mustache and wrig-
gled in the stout chair. He subsided at
last into a watchful, fuming silence, his
mind running on Old Man Benton, his
friend for two decades and the victim of
the stolid Polish mucker down in the jail.

  Everybody in the county had known
Old Man Benton. He was a twinkling-
eyed, lean old scout whom the children
followed when he came driving his little
white burro, Hortense, into town. He
made his little ranch, up on the slope of
Thunder Mountain, a sanctuary for birds
and game, during the seasons. They
flocked in upon him like frightened
youngsters.

  All summer the young does brought
their fawns to munch the sweet peaches
and apples that grew around his cabin,
and nightly the old man fed coveys of
quail that were plump and saucy as young
chickens. Everybody knew him and how
he eked out his living from the mine-shaft
on his place. Once a man had come up
from San Francisco to write him up, and
his picture had been in the city papers—
“Robert Benton and his wild pets.”

  Plateau Requa regarded him not only

as a personal friend but also as a civic
asset. His brutal murder shocked not
only their affections; it struck at the roots
of their municipal pride. There had been
ugly talk afoot ever since the man had
been brought in from Three Star Mine
two days ago.

  Back at the jail, Klamath Joe squatted
on his heels and thought. The Pole’s at-
tempt at jail-breaking, the night before,
had been an affront to the whole town.
The Plateau Requa calaboose had been a
labor of love, a community affair. It had
been built in two days of hilarious labor,
the men cutting the logs from the pine
ridges about the town. The blacksmith
had welded the bars, and the women of
the town had held a community supper
the night it was finished. There had been
dancing on the hard-packed earth in the
open space in front of the new building.
It had all been very gay and pleasant.

  Klamath Joe scratched his head. It
brought his fingers into contact with a
tender place—a great welt that ran across
one temple. The Pole had given it to
him with one of the iron bars, wrenched
loose from the window. The turnkey
had brought his midday meal into the cell
and had bent over to set down the tray,
when the giant brought the iron down
crushingly on his skull. It would have
been a fatal blow, had the Indian not spun
around on his bare heel and taken it
glancingly. He had just been able to sog
home the butt of his gun on the big fel-
low’s temple, and the two had sunk simul-
taneously into unconsciousness. Deputy
Monahan had found them both lying
there.

  He had dragged the Indian out and re-
vived him, eyeing with terrified respect
the inert figure of the prisoner. It had
been all he could do to haul the great hulk
into the other cell and get him securely
chained before intelligence began to
flicker back to the small eyes. The Pole
began to cursc. He writhed in his chains
like a Titan. Deputy Monahan felt his
blood chill. There was a demoniac fury
in the man’s threats. When Gil Poggi
took the night stage down to the
30

BRUCE JOHNS

county-seat, Deputy Monahan was
aboard. He said he was about crazy
with an ulcerated tooth. Gil Poggi said
he certainly didn’t look like himself.

  Klamath Joe had gotten up quietly,
but with the savage anger of his people.
No one had ever struck the Indian with
impunity. During the war there had been
stories abroad among the Grizzlies, about
this lithe, swarthy man with the touch on
the trigger, like velvet, and a row of
sharpshooter’s medals on his khaki blouse.

  Once a brash lieutenant had, in a mo-
ment of strung-up anger, flicked him with
a swagger stick and called him a “Digger.”
To the high-nosed people of the Klamath,
that is as if one had questioned the color
of the half-moons at the base of a southern
gentleman’s finger-nails.

  It had happened one night that this
young fellow, with Joe and two others,
had been detailed to a listening-post ex-
pedition. The poor young officer had
weakened at the last moment. He got his
men up to the indicated spot, through
shell-holes filled with unspeakable things,
and had lain down with them in a muck of
mud to listen to the voices of a regiment
of Saxons, less than ten feet away. Then
a star-shell had shown them up. The
young lieutenant was a man of imagina-
tion. It had been too much for him; he
had turned and left the men there.

  The official report had said that he had
been shot by a sniper as he made his way
back alone to the lines. Of the two that
came back from that party—Joe was one
—nothing was ever said. But it was
thought odd that a sniper should find any
cover in that desolate sweep of mud.

THE STAGE from the county-seat
came rumbling over the river bridge.
It bounced up the slope and chugged to a
stop at the jail door. Gil Poggi leaned
down and beckoned. Klamath Joe floated
out to meet him.

  Deputy Monahan had sent word that
it would take him all week to get his teeth
fixed up—he was suffering something ter-
rible. Joe had better get some one to
stay at the jail with him, on account of the

desperation of the prisoner. Somebody
big. “Gabe” Bettincourt would do.

  Klamath Joe drew a small design in the
dust with one great toe and murmured—

  “Yeh?”

  Gil Poggi asked:

  “What’s up, Joe? Somethin’ funny
goin’ on. What all them men doin’,
hangin’ around the Requa House this
time of day? They don’t ack natural.”

  The Indian shrugged.

  “Talkin’,” he muttered disgustedly.
“Got nothin’ else to do.”

  Then his black head and sateen shirt,
black, too, melted into the deep shadow
by the jail door. Two legs in faded blue
jeans extended into the sun. Klamath
Joe settled into what was apparently a
dozing immobility.

  “Jed” Abernathy came up the slope, a
sack of flour resting on one shoulder. His
blue shirt was soaked with sweat, and his
skinny old legs trembled a little in the
early heat. He stopped in the shadow of
the jail and leaned his flour sack against
the logs. He wiped off his nut-brown face
with a worn sleeve.

  “Hot, ain’t it?” he piped.

  “Yeh.”

  “Mind my settin’ on the step a little?
On my way home. Been down listenin’
to the fellers. You’d ought hear ’em, Joe.”

  “Yeh?”

  “Yeh. Talkin’ big. Ed Ellison’s drunk.
Awful mouthy. Do’ know you might’s
well keep an eye out, Joe. You ’member
the time he worked ’em all to horse-
whippin’ Willoughby, and they found out
afterward he never stole the hoss at all?”

  “Yeh.”

  The ancient mumbled off a bite of plug-
cut. He masticated restfully for a little
and got his wind. Then he turned his
anxious, pale gaze on the somnolent
Indian.

  “You got the feller safe, ain’t you,
Joe? Ain’t no chance him gittin’ out
agin?”

  “Naw.”

  “Well,” worried the old man, “Benton
and I was friends. No better feller ever
lived. Mighty few like him. But jest
SPRING LAW

31

the same it don’t seem right not to give
the Pole a chance.”

  Klamath Joe broke into unwonted lo-
quacity.

  “Don’t you worry, Jed. Nothin’s gonna
 happen.”

  He managed to put into it contempt,
assurance, comfort.

  “Mighty glad, Joe.”

  After a little, old Abernathy paddled
 off to his mountain cabin. But the turn-
 key still idled by the jail door.

THE AFTERNOON lengthened.
About four, Potato Wauggie came
ambling along the river-bank. Over his
shoulder he had a specimen can.

  Klamath Joe rose and went out to meet
 him, as he came abreast of-the jail.

  “Want you to keep the jail,” he re-
marked.

  Potato Wauggie shook his head.

  “No. Willie Bluejay just brought me
word that he’d found a patch of new scar-
let fungus down on Beaver Creek.”

  The old Oxonian had a passion for
fungi. The wet northern California
woods abounded with them and he was
an authority on them. His monographs
appeared in obscure and scientific publi-
cations that Plateau Requa wotted not of.
All the Indian children in the vicinity
were subsidized into finding new speci-
mens for him.

  “You stay,” urged Klamath Joe. “My
mama, she sick. I gotta go down Tchi-
panichan ranch see her.”

  Potato Wauggie looked at him impa-
tiently.

  “No, no!”

  “I bring you back what you want when
 I come,” bribed Joe.

  Potato Wauggie seemed to come out of
 a scientific daze. For the first time he
 looked at the Indian sharply.

  “What is it you want?” he demanded.

  The Indian’s eyes were as impenetrable
 as agate. He raised one great flipper in a
 gesture that conveyed his complete inno-
 cence of guile.

  “You’re trying to trap me,” accused
the old man. “You—you’re tfying to

 abandon me with the responsibility. I’ll
 not do it!”

  The other stood carved of dark wood.
The old man turned on one sockless
heel.

  “I won’t,” he said flatly. “C’ndemned.
if I do.”

  Joe said mildly:

  “I can git Gabe Bettincourt to stay
with you. He’s good an’ big. But I’d
want you to be boss. Officer the law.”
Potato Wauggie seemed to swell. His
face crimsoned; his blue eyes got steely.

  “That’ll do,” he told the turnkey
crisply. “You force my hand. Very well.
Get on your way, wherever you’re going.”
Potato Wauggie followed him into the
jail. He strode, stiff-legged with wrath,
and his Adam’s apple leapt spasmodically.
The Indian handed him a string with
some keys on it.

  “I be back before supper,” he mur-
mured. “This one, cell door. This one,
outside.”

  He looked levelly into the old man’s
eyes. The Englishman stared back.

  “So you think,” he observed icily, “that
they’ll be here before night.”

  Klamath Joe’s face never altered.
“Mebbe so, mebbe not. Lotta them
boys cornin’ in from the ranches, gittin’
drunk. Git crazy. Can’t tell.”

  He floated out of the door on his brown
feet and was crossing the open space.
Then he dipped into the river trail and
was gone. The old Englishman stood
in the door, looking at the green spot
where he had disappeared.

  “Never thought he was yellow before,”
he muttered slowly. “Queer.”

  Then he began to look carefully about
the little pine room. Potato Wauggie
was the survivor of fifteen years of fron-
tier warfare in Afghanistan and the upper
provinces of India. That survival was by
reason of a good many qualities of mental
alertness.

  The room had but one window, so he
moved the heavy rawhided chair in which
fat Deputy Monahan habitually dozed,
midway between it and the two doors.
He gave one impersonal glance into the
32

BRUCE JOHNS

cell, where the big body of the murderer
loomed. By the light from the high win-
dow he could see the bullet head bent to
the massive chest. Then he sat down and
tucked his heels over the chair rungs. He
looked like a mild old gentleman eying
the sunny afternoon in serene dreaminess;
but a close observer would have seen
small bunches of muscles taut along his
jaws and a certain springiness in the way
his lean old shanks rested against the
chair.

KLAMATH JOE was plunging along
the river trail which he had known
since boyhood. He was thinking deeply
and his bare feet avoided the sharp cor-
ners of the stones, unconsciously. He
was startled back to his surroundings by
hearing some one coming toward him,
crashing heavily through the brush on the
hillside. He stepped into the shadow of a
granite boulder and waited.

  Gabe Bettincourt came panting through
the waist-high chaparral, his bare curly
black head and wide shoulders powdered
over with the fine flowers of the wild
lilac. He stopped before the Indian and
drew a long breath.

  “Saw yuh leave. Took a short cut over
the hill to ketch yuh. Wanted yuh to
know, Joe, they’s trouble cornin’. Them
boys is in from Sligo’s ranch. They ain’t
seen town since Christmas and they’re
out to raise hell. An’ Ed Ellison’s talky
drunk.”

  He paused. His kind, little black eyes
rested anxiously on the Indian’s impassive
face.

  “Yeh?” said Klamath Joe.

  Gabe scratched his ear where a spray
of lilac flowers tickled him.

  “I was goin’ over to the Mariposa
mine,” he offered, “to see my gal. But I
can stay. Monahan’s a skunk to leave
you alone like this. I hear, too, they’s a
passel of fellers driftin’ in from Frisco fer
the spring lumberin’. Lord knows which
way they’ll jump if they’s trouble. They
ain’t likely to keep outa it. Not with Ed
Ellison and bootleg.”

  Klamath Joe broke off a succulent

spray of herbage that had found root
on the mossy surface of the granite and
chewed it.

  “Ain’t gonna be no trouble. Go along
and see yer gal. And leave Monahan
outa this.”

  The big fellow stared at him doubtfully.

  “Well, awright, only I hate to—”

  “G’wan!” snapped Joe.

  He moved out of the shade and with no
further adieu moved off on the trail.
Gabe Bettincourt looked after him. He
shook his head and after a moment,
started back to town.

  The Indian had come to an opening on
the river-bank, where sprawled a group of
pine huts, together with some rows of corn
and a patch of pumpkins. A flock of In-
dian children played there, their bright
cotton dresses and black heads shining in
the sun. A dozen dogs dozed in the
shadows.

  Klamath Joe stepped along to a house
under a great cottonwood tree. A tall
woman sat on the doorstep, combing
out her long dark hair. Joe sank down
beside her. They roasted in the sun for a
time; then the man began to talk. After
a little they went into the small house.

  The woman lighted a blue-flame oil-
stove and took down a clean kettle from
the wall. From a row of cans on a shelf
she began to take pinches of dried leaves,
bits of roots and some dark powders.
The mess in the kettle boiled and sang.
Then the woman cooled it and poured a
little of the dark liquor into a bottle.
Klamath Joe slipped the vial into hisshirt.

HE BEGAN to track back to the jail in
the late afternoon. The shadow had
already fallen on the river as he went.
But he paused by a deep pool, bottle-
green under the dark rocks. He shucked
off his shirt and jeans and dived in.
cleanly. The green water closed over him.
For a little while he moved soundlessly
as an otter. Then he slipped out and
drew on the same drab husk. A few mo-
ments later he was nearing the jail.

  Potato Wauggie rose from the raw-
hided chair between the two doors. One
SPRING LAW

33

of his eyes was completely closed. His
shirt was in ribbons and the knuckles of
his fists were bloody. His one eye
gleamed coldly.

  “I trust your esteemed mother is quite
herself,” he enunciated from his puffed lips.

  The Indian merely asked—

 “Who?”

  Potato Wauggie’s face twisted into
what was intended for a grin.

  “The boys from Sligo’s. They’ve been
in all day listening to Whispering Ed
Ellison. Didn’t know he was such a
friend of Benton’s. Seems to me I’ve
heard Benton say he was pretty much of a
stinker, but to hear him talk now you’d
think they’d been lifelong friends. Doubt-
less it’s the bootleg he’s been guzzling.
He has been urging the boys to take the
law in their own hands. They thought
they’d try a little. It was,” concluded the
old man dryly, “mostly bad liquor and
the spring weather, maybe.”

  Klamath Joe asked—

  “They hurt you?”

  The old man shook his head happily.
There was in his eye the light that thirty
years before had been present when he
had dived head first and alone into a
milling crowd of fighting coolies in a low
quarter in Cawnpore. It had won him
another nickname that day, one that in
the vernacular meant “Englishman with
gunpowder in his fists.”

  The Englishman shook himself and
went back to his earlier manner.

  “I trust I may be allowed to leave?”

  “Sure.”

  Potato Wauggie stepped for the door,
his bare brown leg flickering through the
slit linen of his trousers.

  He stopped in the door.

  “Perhaps,” he sneered, “you have
other female relatives you’d care to visit.
If so, I might suggest that you put it off
for a little while. I think you’ll have
trouble a little later.”

  Klamath Joe let him get outside the
door before he spoke. But his voice
reached the old man clearly.

  “’Bout eight, nine o’clock, I figure.
Better bring a gun.”

   3

  Potato Wauggie’s lip lifted. He didn’t
answer, but limped on down the slope
toward the office of the justice of peace
and his shipshape little dwelling behind it,
with its orderly patch of garden.

THE REQUA HOUSE dinner bell
clanged, and the talking men began
to drift inside. Klamath Joe could hear
their uninterrupted conversation through
the open windows of the hotel. Then an
Indian boy came shuffling over with a
tin tray. It had on it Joe’s dinner and
the evening meal for the prisoner. Joe
set it down on the pine table in the front
room. He looked the food over and con-
tented himself with a quart or so of scald-
ing coffee and a piece of cornbread. His
big hands passed swiftly over the clutter
of porcelain bird-baths that held the
greasy food. Then he set the tray on top
of the round-bellied stove and began to
move the furniture about the room.

  Across the doorway he tilted the heavy
table. He backed it by a tool chest.
Over the one window he spiked the
wooden door which had closed between
the two rooms of the jail. He extin-
tinguished the lamp, and went back into
the empty cell, where he busied himself.

  From the next cubicle the Pole heard
him at work.

  “Hey,” he complained. “Don’t I
eat?”

  “Shut up!” said the Indian.

  It was eight o’clock before he was back
in the front room. Then he saw that a
mass of men had detached themselves
from the milling groups around the Requa
House steps. They moved forward up
the knoll, a many-headed figure. The
piny hills had shut the town into a rich
blue-black twilight, lighted with the -
many stars of the northern California
coast country.

  It was a sweet evening, with that hint
of something impending, which spring
always brings—a hidden electric current
that sets men to doing mad things. Add
corn liquor to early spring and the result
is a dangerous explosive.

  Klamath Joe sank the black top of his
34

BRUCE JOHNS

head on a level with his table barricade
and peered out. He hunched forward the
weight that sagged under his shirt by his
left armpit.

  The men stopped as they topped the
slope. They drew together and stared at
the dark box of the jail. Then one man
made a move forward, and they all fol-
lowed like sheep. They reached the
packed space fifteen feet from the jail door.

  “Hey!” yelled a voice. “We’ve come
fer Yertin! Better come on out, Joe!”

  The Indian recognized the tones of
Whispering Ed Ellison, the loud-mouthed
rancher from over the hills. His voice
was thick and uncertain. Behind him
the turnkey heard the Pole give a whine
of horror.

  “Damn! They after me?”

  “Hi, you, Joe! Answer, er we’ll shoot
yer door in!”

  The Indian spoke from the gloom.

  “Git along! You gonna get in trouble,
you try that.”

  A snarl, as from a pack of hungry dogs,
went out into the stillness of the summer
night. Far above, the impartial stars
shone with a million silver points; the
pine trees moved in a fragrant wind. This
sudden flare of blood-raging men stood
like a dark excrescence upon the placid
face of the evening.

  Whispering Ed made one more try.
“We ain’t gonna stand no nonsense!
We’re gonna string up that dirty Pole,
killin’ a nice old fella like Benton. If
yuh don’t want yer neck broke, yuh bet-
ter listen to reason.”

  Klamath Joe didn’t answer. He closed
the door.

  Then they were on the jail steps, fight-
ing and growling like a pack of wolves.
The Indian heard the glass shower in the
window and the surprized grunt of the
men as their fists struck hard planking.
He felt his way to the stove and then
stepped into the back room.

  “They’re after yuh,” he told the quiv-
ering hulk of flesh in the cell. “Here’s
yer supper. Eat it. Yuh’ll need it.”

  He lighted a match. The man stared
at him, a froth-flecked animal.

 “Eat!” commanded the Indian harshly.

 Yertin mouthed—

 “They’ll git me—”

 Klamath Joe drew his gun from under
 his arm-pit. In the wavering light the
 Pole saw the ugly barrel.

 “Eat yer food, er I’ll kill yuh!”

 The man made a stupid pass at the cold
 victuals on the tray. The match went
 out. The Indian heard him breathe sob-
 bingly, as he gulped some of the stuff.

 Outside, the men were beginning to
 shout. Some one had already thought of
 a tree-trunk battering-ram, and the little
 building was quivering with the regular
 strokes of the manned wooden piston.
 Feet pounded on the roof; in one comer
 the starlight was coming in where men
 were ripping the shingles off.

 Through the din—

 “Eat!” shouted the Indian in the ear
 of the terrified murderer. Then, still in
 darkness, Joe bent down and unlocked the
 leg chains that held the man to the bunk.

 “Git up!”

 The man rose stupified.

 “Git ahead of me into the other cell;
 and don’t fergit I got the drop on yuh!”

 The man began to shuffle his feet, out
 of the little cubicle and to feel his way
 along the wall.

 Pandemonium was on without. There
 came, through the interstices of the high-
 barred windows, dancing flares of blood-
 red light.

 “Got brush fire,” muttered Joe. “Burn
 us out, hey?”

 The man moving before him whim-
 pered. The turnkey gave him a directing
 poke in the small of the back with the gun.

 “Git in. Stand against that window
 with yer arms up. And don’t fergit I can
 see yuh fine against that window.”

 The big man moved over and hung
 himself against the wall.

 “Arms up!” snapped Joe.

 He swung up the heavy muscles against
 the high bars. They gave under the
 weight, swung wholly free of their embed-
 ding mortar. Yertin gave a strangled cry.
 Then he moaned—

 “God, I’m too sick!”
SPRING LAW

S5

  Klamath Joe spoke in his great hairy
ear.

  “Yuh can’t git outa there. Hill’s over
yon. You make it to that pine tree; men
won’t see yuh. Up to you to git to the
brush. Wait till they git around in
front.”

  The heavy door was already giving, but
the village blacksmith had put his heart
into his work when he had made the great
hasp and hinges. They yelled for more
men. The stragglers, who were wander-
ing noisily about the jail, began to go to
the front for a concerted shove, a last
rush that should break down the strain-
ing door.

  “Now!” said Joe.

  Yertin’s cable-like muscles heaved him
up to the window ledge. He swung out
and dropped to the sandy earth. The
ground was lighted with a crimson glare
and atop the jail men stood and made
frantic gestures. Yertin began to run,
but his feet moved with nightmarish
slowness. He staggered; his ankles
seemed leaden.

  Once he flung up his hand and seemed
to dash something from his gaze. Kla-
math Joe, hanging out of the window,
could hear his breath labor.

  The runner was yet twenty feet away
from the pine tree, a low-spreading brushy
shelter. The sand sucked at his feet.

  Then Klamath Joe opened his mouth,
and from it issued a sound that was like a
locomotive gone mad, a terrible piercing
yell that rose above the general bedlam as
if it were a steam siren.

  In an instant men came pouring around
the corners of the jail. And in that in-
stant, clear in the fire-light, Joe’s arm
came out of the window. A long spurt of
flame leapt from it. Yertin, his fingers al-
ready touching the green boughs of the
pine, went down. His giant body
sprawled out like a great black bird.
“Ah-h!”

  The sound went up from the men in a
released gasp. Then they began to run
forward. But Klamath Joe had dropped
from the window and was before them at
the fallen figure. He turned it over with

his bare foot and leaned over it. They
saw the bloody smears on the head.
Then he stood up, his gun still in his great
brown hands.

  “Dead,” he announced, and his opaque
eyes ran over the men who had stopped in
a semicircle a few feet back. He took
them in, one by one; they shifted un-
certainly under his gaze.

  “Anj" you wanta do anythin’ more?”

  His metallic syllables rattled around
the circle like shot.

  Whispering Ed Ellison pushed forward.
His little red eyes were still burning with
alcoholic light.

  “He ain’t either dead! I seen’m
twitch! I wanta make sure the devil’s
dead!”

  The Indian made the slightest of move-
ments with his gun.

  “You got any doubt I hit’m?” he
queried in an even tone.

• The fuddled rancher stopped. He
looked uneasily at the Indian, standing
over the prostrate man.

  “Naw!” he mumbled at last.

  Then a tall figure was fighting its way
through the packed circle. Potato Waug-
gie burst into the open space, an old
cavalry pistol in either hand, tears run-
ning down his face. He was crying with
rage.

  “Joe!” he gritted. “I went to sleep!
Oh, hell! Went to sleep like an old
granny! I’m too late!”

  His bruised face was ludicrous in his
self-despising rage.

  The thin lips of the Indian spread into
a grin.

  “’S’awright,” he soothed the old man.
“You gotta take charge here now—place
of the sheriff.”

  Potato Wauggie turned and looked
about the staring men. Then Major
Trowbridge-Penell barked in the old voice
of Cawnpore:

  “Get, you lousy beggars! You’ve done
enough for one night. Get!"

  There was an angry snarl from the
group. But the white figure suddenly
loomed taller. There was a snap to the
shoulders, and the polished bores of two
36

BRUCE JOHNS

guns winked in the firelight. Some one
made a movement; it converted itself
into a general restless stir.

  Then a voice said:

  “Hell, fellers! It’s all over. Might’s
well go. The devil got what was cornin’
to him.”

  “Yeah. He’s dead.”

  “C’mon.”

  One by one they began to melt away
into the darkness.

PTATO WAUGGIE faced the Indian.
Joe said—

  “Help me carry’m.”

  They staggered with the giant’s weight
to the shattered front door. They
heaved the Pole through and laid him on
the floor.

  Potato Wauggie hunted for a lamp,
found at last a piece of candle stuck in a
bottle. The wavering light filled the
wrecked room.

  The old man turned to see the Indian
bending over the body, a coil of heavy
hemp in his hand. He was knotting the
two thick ankles together and binding
the flaccid hands over the broad chest.
“W-what—” gasped Potato Wauggie.

 Joe raised his black shock head and
 looked at the justice. He said nothing,
 but between the two men there passed
 a whole conversation.

 Potato Wauggie stepped over and
 pulled down the man’s lower lid. He
 raised his head and stared at Joe.

 “Doped!”

 “Yeah,” admitted Klamath Joe.
 “Somethin’ my mama makes.”

 “Didn’t you hit him at all?”

 “Sure. Creased’m on the head. Didn’t
 hurt’m much—stunned’m.”

 The Indian was fumbling in the rub-
 bish. He found an old coat and began
 to draw it on distastefully.

 “Say,” he asked the Englishman in a
 quiet drawl, “you knew Deputy Mona-
 han’s had false teeth twenty, thirty
 year?”

 “Eh?”

 They looked at each other and a grin
 spread between them.

 “Where you going?” demanded Potato
 Wauggie.

 Klamath Joe answered him seriously.

 “County-seat. Gonna git Sheriff Beas-
 ley. This town.needs a lesson. Ain’t
 nobody here got no respec’ fer law!”
When the War came to the New Hebrides

      victory

       By J. D. NEWSOM

WHEN the dogs began to bark
James Dilke poured himself an-
other drink and blew out the
light. The dogs barked louder than ever,
and the angry voice of Monsieur Gaston
Pro vain came out of the darkness:

  “What is it, then? Must one be set
upon by mad hounds when one attempts
to enter? Dilke! Dilke! I demand to
speak with you. Dilke, most imperatively
must I have words with you!”

  M. Provain was outside the fence sur-
rounding Dilke’s property; the dogs were
on the inside, but the gate opened outward
and the angry, underfed setters were
aware of the fact. He was forced to put
all his weight against the gate, at the
risk of having his weight bitten, to keep
the wild animals from getting out and
devouring him.

  “I’m not at home,” answered Dilke,
shouting at the top of his lungs. “I’m in
bed—sleepin’. It’s two o’clock in the
mornin’, and I’m sleepin’, I tell you!”
“Arouse then! Awake, Dilke! Nomde
Dieu, must I be eaten in the raw state by
these hounds of perdition? Arouse, for I

have news of the most cataclysmic.”
The setters were pawing at the gate and
snapping at his legs through the bars. At
any moment, as he well knew, they might
break through and leap at his throat, not
to mention more exposed portions of his
corpulent anatomy.

  “G’way,” ordered Dilke. “ ’Streper-
ous Frenchman! Been out on the tiles.
S’prized at you. Go t’ bed, go t’ sleep—
sh’t up! I’m soun’ ’sleep. No power on
earth can gemme up!”

  He drank the tumblerful of raw whisky
at a gulp, then closed his eyes to convince
himself that he was really sound asleep,
but the room spun around at such an
alarming rate and at such unexpected
angles that he had to open them again.

  “Dash it all!” he grumbled. “Bally
nuisance, this! I must be getting old.
Heat’s too much for poor old Dilke. Heat
and loneliness. Poor old bean!”

  He patted himself on the knee, and
nodded his head as the dogs bayed more
savagely than ever.

  “Tear him t’ pieces,” he chuckled.
“Two o’clock in the mornin’. Never
38

J. D. NEWSOM

heard of such goings on. ’T’s not right,
’t’s not genteel— Frog,” he shouted,
“Frog, g’way!”

  “I will shoot!” Pro vain cried. “I will
shoot them dead. The gun is in my
hand. I aim at the dogs. I give you ten
seconds and not a second more. I de-
mand to speak to you, Dilke!”

  “If tha’z case,” decided Dilke, “I’d
better wake up quick, eh wha’? One,
two, three, four—” He drew a deep breath
and yelled, “Call off the dogs, Tommy.
Visitor wants see me.” j

  A Kanaka houseboy, who had been
squatting on the veranda, chewing betel-
nut and waiting to put his master to bed,
whistled to the dogs and shambled down
the path to chase them away. They re-
treated, snarling.

  M. Provain trotted up to the house
and jerked open the screen door with so
much violence that it nearly came off its
hinges.

  “If you gotta match,” Dilke said
pleasantly, “you can ligh’ the ligh’. I
can’t get up juz yet. Wakin’ up so
sudden makes me dizzy.”

  A light flared in the darkness. Cupping
his hands about the flame, Provain
crossed the room with a firm, heavy tread
until he collided with the table. Some-
thing fell off and rumbled about on the
floor.

  “Tha’s shwisky bot’,” groaned Dilke.
“If the cork’s come out it’s calamity,
nothing less. Only got two dozen bot’s
left. Have to ration m’self. ’S’awful!”

  “What,” cried Provain, “is a little
whisky?”

  He groped about for the lamp, up-
setting in quick succession a water jug,
a can of tobacco, an alarm clock and two
glasses.

  “It is as nothing compared to the—to
the—”

  His lingers closed on the lamp stand and
he became absorbed in the complicated
task of removing the hot chimney.

  “’S no sense in smashing all I p’ssess,”
protested Dilke. “S’not my fault ’f I’m
dizzy. Two o’clock in the morning!” he
became indignant. “’T’s not genteel.

I’m s’prized at you, Mister Gastong
Provain, if that’s your name. You been
drinking.” He sniffed so hard that he
choked. “I can smell it. ’S’disgusting,
that’s what it is—disgusting! Still, I’m
a goo’ fellow; I can put up with a lot.
That’s me—Dilke, good old bean.”

  Provain was doing intricate things
which required his whole attention.
Abruptly another match crackled and a
yellow flame crept around the lamp wick.
He clamped the glass chimney in place.
The shadows retreated, revealing Dilke’s
terrible living room. It appeared to have
been struck by a high wind which had
knocked the furniture askew. Papers
were scattered about on the floor; the
table was heaped with dirty plates; every
rickety chair in the room was piled high
with newspapers, magazines, books and a
st range assortment of clothing.

  Even the pictures on the walls were
tilted at uncomfortable angles, and a
stuffed albatross, clumsily nailed to the
wall, was being removed, fragment by
fragment, by a swarm of ants, which
crawled in a black line between the bird
and a hole in the woodwork just above a
framed picture of Edward VII in four
colors.

  From the depths of a dilapidated arm-
chair Dilke blinked his eyes and smiled
hospitably. He was a thin little man with
a weak mouth and not overmuch chin.
His cheeks were covered with a ten-day
stubble which gave him a somewhat
ferocious appearance. He wore a singlet
and a pair of trousers of black broad-
cloth held up with a pair of sky-blue
suspenders. One foot was bare; the other
was covered with a black sock.

  Compared with this wreck, M. Provain
looked respectable beyond belief. His
suit of black alpaca, enlivened by a red
necktie attached to his shirt with a gold
clip, gave him a dignified appearance;
his panama hat was spotless. There was
a look of funereal gravity on his face,
which made Dilke remark:

  “You look’s if you’d swallowed a pin.
Ha ve another drink?”

  “Dilke, my friend,” Provain said in a
VICTORY

39

stern voice, “compose yourself. It is not
for pleasure that I call upon you at this
hour of the morning.”

  “Tha’s not a' clubby thing to say, but
—just have one more. You can have—”
he made a sweeping gesture with both
arms— “you can have all I got. Every
bally thing. House ’n’ lot, goods, store,
dogs, Tommy—abs’lutely ev’thing! I’m
jolly goo’ fellow, I am!”

  “No. I do not want a first drink nor a
second one. The Astrolabe called early
this afternoon and the captain—”

  “Tha’s not news,” broke in Dilke, deep-
ly hurt. “Think of telling me that at two
in the morning! Tommy came back
with the mail. See it? All the papers in
the world, all the books, all the magazines.

I	got dizzy reading ’em all—awful dizzy!”
“And what, I demand of you, does
your Tommy know of world affairs? It is
little he cares whether a grand civilization
goes thundering to destruction. France,
my France, she is menaced by the bar-
barians. The world is at war, Dilke, at
war! Europe, she flames! Bon Dieul A
cable was received at Noumea ten days
ago. Austria mobilized to attack Serbia;
Russia threatened to side with Serbia;
Germany backed up Austria—monstrous
is it not? So France decides to stand by
her brave Russian ally; so Germany—”
“Ssssee here,” pleaded Dilke, trying to
sit up and falling back after each en-
deavor, “what’s ’t’all about, anyhow?”
“Blood will flow in streams,” prophe-
sied Provain. “It is the end of all things.
The forts at Liege are being cannonaded.
Belgium is attacked. But we shall be in
Berlin in six weeks. The dirty Boche,
ah!”

  He clenched his fists and glowered at
Dilke, who made himself as small as
possible in the depths of the arm chair.

  “Be sensible,” he urged. “War at two
o’clock in the morning! Shame on you.
You’ll be seeing snakes next, like I did
last Christmas. Why, you’re drunk,
tha’s what. Think of callin’ this island,
Berlin! ’S’nonsense. It’s called Kale-
wara, and I can say it dizzy or—or not
dizzy.”

  “0 mon Dieu!” wailed Provain, thump-
ing the table with his fists and thrusting
his face within inches of Dilke’s nose.
“Have you no intelligence at all? Has
your whisky rotted your mind? Dilke,
for the love of God, listen to me! There is
a formidable war raging in Europe, our
Europe, where we both come from. Not
in the New Hebrides is this war, but in
Europe. Belgium has been attacked.
England has declared war on Germany,
and she is—”

  “No?” breathed Dilke, staring pop-
eyed at the speaker. “I’m s’prized.
First I’ve heard of it.” Suddenly a
thought stirred in his whirling brain and
his eyes filled with intense suspicion.
“Who d’you say I was fighting?” he de-
manded harshly. “ ’M I fighting you or
somebody else? If I’m at war with you,
Frog, you better watch out. ’S’no
quarter allowed. I like you personally,
but—”

  “We are allies!” cried Provain, flinging
out his arms in a gesture of welcome.
“We are fighting shoulder to shoulder
against the barbarians. Side by side the
gallant soldiers of France and Britain are
stemming the avalanche, although one
must say that you have but one hundred
thousand men in the field. Still—”
“Mustn’t forget the navy,” added
Dilke.

  “No, no! The grand British navy!
And, my friend, we who are exiled in the
Pacific, must also do our duty. That is
why I hastened to arouse you as soon as
the news reached me. We must act. In
the words of Camille Desmoulins,
‘Audacity, more audacity and yet more
audacity!’ ”

  “Not to me, he didn’t say that,” re-
torted Dilke. “All he said to me was,
‘The freight rate’s going up next trip.’
Tha’s all he knows how to say, if you
ask me.”

  “Camille Desmoulins was a hero of the
French Revolution!” thundered the in-
censed Frenchman. “He died—”

  “Oh, tha’s all right. Must have been
thinking of somebody else,” Dilke said
with a tolerant shrug. “Doesn’t matter
40

J. D. NEWSOM

a bit. So we’re at war. I believe you,
but’s funny Tommy didn’t tell me.”

  “It is of no interest to him, alas! To
us it is all—all! I shall go to my regi-
ment as soon as the Astrolabe calls on her
way back to Noumea. As a vulgar cor-
poral I shall fight the Germans. In the
meantime, here we are, representatives of
two great sister nations—the only white
men on Kalewara. The entente cordiale
binds us with ineradicable ties, my
friend—ties of the most sacred. To-
gether we face the foe. We must prepare
to defend this sacred soil. Should the
Germans attempt to force a landing we
must be ready for them.”

  With a last tremendous effort Dilke
levered himself out of his chair and stood
swaying unsteadily on his legs. He
waggled one finger at Provain and said
very slowly and distinctly:

  “We must observe the decencies. I
shall show you how an Englishman rises
to the—hie—occasion.”

  “What are you going to do?” anxiously
inquired Provain. “We must decide
quickly upon a plan of action.”

  “Ssh! Wait. I was a gennelman once.
I’ll show you.”

  He made a tour of the room, picking
up stray garments as he lurched from
chair to chair and staggered off to his
bedroom, carefully closing the door be-
hind him.

  “Tommy,” came his hoarse voice,
“Tommy, a gennelman wants you!”

  The Kanaka crossed the living-room
like a black shadow in a bright red loin
cloth, and joined his master.

  M. Provain paced nervously up and
down. He wrung his hands, mopped his
streaming forehead, pulled at his beard
and displayed all the customary symp-
toms of violent excitement. To him the
news was of immense importance. He
would have to leave his island where he
was “somebody,” and go back to a line
regiment where he was “nobody.” Back
there he might die. But the thought did
not disturb him much. France was at
war; therefore he, too, was at war.

  Kalewara was a small island at the

  northern end of the New Hebrides
archipelago, cut off from all intercourse
with the outer world save for the mail-
boat which called every three weeks. Yet
he was already thinking of mustering the
natives and drilling them so that they
might resist all possible attacks. Their
world was limited by the watery horizon,
but he was composing in his mind fiery
speeches in pidjin-French with which to
stir their imaginations.

  He was the only employer of labor on
the island; his plantation was well man-
aged and prosperous. Dilke did not
count. He was supposed to run a small
store, but in reality he was chiefly en-
gaged in the merry business of drinking
himself into his grave.

  The Frenchman lived at one end of the
island, facing the only navigable inlet;
the Briton’s shack was built some miles
inland on the outskirts of a native village.
He rarely went down to meet the mail-
boat; his boys collected his letters and his
trade-goods. He had made what he
called “a gaudy mess” of life and he kept
very much to himself. His one link with
the past consisted in ordering as much
printed matter as he could afford. The
poorer he became the more he ordered.
Hibbert's Journal lay in a dusty corner,
unread, beneath a stack of illustrated
French periodicals.

  The minutes dragged by. Provain be-
came more and mor£ restless. He picked
up the whisky bottle and poured himself
a drink. He needed a stimulant. Coffee
would have been better, but Dilke never
had anything on hand except strong
waters. The fiery stuff seemed to make
Provain’s blood boil in his veins. He
resumed his pacing.

  The heat was oppressive. The breeze
had died down and the song of the
mosquitoes outside the screened windows
fitted the air with a prolonged, nerve-
racking drone.

  One of Dilke’s dogs scratched at the
door, nosed it open and ambled in,
sniffing. It caught sight of Provain and
wagged its tail, which was moth-eaten and
sad. No doubt that the animal wished
VICTORY

41

  to be friendly, but Provain was taking no
risks. He knew exactly how ferocious
that same beast could be if aroused. He
did not like strange dogs, nor did they
like him as a general rule.

  “Dilke,” he announced, trying to pitch
his voice at just the right key so as not to
annoy the dog, “Dilke, it is your hound
which has entered. I pray you come at
once.”

  “ ’S’nice dog,” came the muffled an-
swer. “Pat it. I’ll be out in a second.”

   “I will kill it if it approaches,” retorted
Provain, speaking between his teeth.

  “Here I come,” Dilke called out.
“Hold your fire!”

  The door swung open. Dilke minced
out as if he were walking on eggs, dressed
in a threadbare Tuxedo, complete with
patent-leather pumps and hard-boiled
shirt. His face wore a look of twitching
patriotic fervor.

  “But, mon Dieu, did you not compre-
hend!” cried the flabbergasted Provain.
“It is not for a wedding that I have sum-
moned you—it is war that has been
declared!”

  “Tha’s just it,” agreed Dilke. “And
I’m ready!” He squared his shoulders,
clenched his fists, stuck out his chin, and
almost fell down. “ ’N Englishman al-
ways hides his emotions. Phlegmatic
race. As representative of my nation I
offer you a drink.”

  “Why?” blankly inquired the French-
man, who was not acquainted with the
procedure.

  “ ’S proper thing. A toast—Victory!
As Nelson said at Trafalgar—”

  A shadow crossed Mr. Provain’s face.
“But we are allies now, my dear
friend,” he said quickly. “Let us forget
those regrettable incidents.”

  “Regret’ble!” snorted Dilke. “I like
that. Nothing of the sort, sir. Most
glorious page in all history, sir. Nelson
and his one eye and his one arm, he could
whip— Well, never mind. I wouldn’t
hurt your feelings. Not much! Here we
go!”

  He leaned against the table and poured
out the drinks.

  “Sir,” he said with intense seriousness,
“I offer you ‘Victory!’ ”

  “Vive la France!” brayed Provain, car-
ried away by his emotions. “ Vive les
allies! A Berlin/”

  “To arms!” cried Dilke, slopping whisky
over a bound volume of medical journals.
“To the good old British pluck!”

  They drank, standing with their arms
around each other’s neck. Tommy the
Kanaka poked a black, bewildered face
around the corner and tried to figure out
what all the noise was about. Having
made up his mind that it would be an all-
night session, he uncorked another bottle,
placed it just inside the doorway and went
to sleep.

E MUST, act at once,” declared
Provain. “Napoleon said, ‘In
war victory goes to he who most resolutely
attacks.’ ”

  “To he who—to he who,” Dilke re-
peated vaguely. He mumbled the words
several times and explained with drunken
gravity, “I’m ’n owl. To he who, to he
who! I’m hoot owl. Look at my shut-
front ’f you don’t believe me —’s bulging.
I’m ’n owl all right!”

  A sudden access of remorse and rage
shook Provain. He hurled his glass to the
floor and stamped about the room, cursing
his ally.

  “Man of the most contemptible!” he
shouted at Dilke. “Fiend, you have led
me astray. Your vile whisky, it is the
drink of barbarians. I execrate it. It
inflames the meninges, it destroys the
control of self. One drink, and I vacillate
like a ship without a gouvernail. I be-
come incoherent even to myself. Mon
Dieu, mon Dieu, but it is monstrous
stuff!”

  He paused and a look of exaltation
kindled in his eye.

  “Ah, but the wine of France, that is fit
for a civilized man’s palate, for his brain,
for his stomach, for his—”

  Dilke was so shocked by this outburst
of temper that he ceased being a hoot owl
and tried to be offended.

  “Pardon me,” he broke in, “d’ I hear
42

J. D. NEWSOM

you say I was a barbarian, by any chance?
D’l hear you correctly?”

  “Uh?” remarked Provain, held up in
mid-stride.

  “D’you say I was a barbarian?” re-
peated Dilke, jamming his bulging shirt-
front into his vest and preparing for
action.

  “I said—”

  “I heard you, and lemme say, between
allies, tha’s no way to speak to me. Not
if you want to remain allies. D’you ever
hear of Darwin, Huxley, Harvey, New-
ton, Wellington, Faraday, Congreve,
Wilde, Johnson, Smith, Jones, Smith—”
he paused to replenish his imagination and
his lungs— “and you come to me and
talk about barbarians. B’gone! ’N’ how
about cotton-goods and steel and coal—”
“Ah, but, my friend, it is from Scotland
that whisky comes.”

  “Sssame family. My grandmother’s a
MacTavish, ’n’ you can leave her alone.
Buried in Peebles, she is. Wha’s matter
with you anyway? Insulting gennelman
in his own home! Outrage! ’Pologize or
I’ll put the dogs on to you!”

  “It was a slip of the tongue,” Provain
admitted, alarmed at the prospect of being
attacked by the dogs. “My dear friend,
believe me, we must not most stupidly
quarrel at the outset of our great task.”
“I won’t ’f you won’t,” promised
Dilke. “But don’t forget Waterloo ’n’
Cressy and s’m’others I forget juz now.”
“I forget nothing,” said Provain, si-
lently asking Heaven to give him pa-
tience, “but let us set such matters to one
side, for now we have a common foe—the
Germans!”

“Eat ’em alive. Let’s have a drink.”
“Dilke, Dilke!” pleaded the French-
man. “I appeal to your patriotism. Let
us face the situation with inexorable
calm.”

  “Why, I’m calm as a dead fish. Look,
I can stand on one foot and close m’
eyes.”

  He tried, and sat down upon a mound
of newspapers.

  “Still a bit dizzy,” he smiled, “but I’m
seaworthy all right.”

  Provain took off his sun-helmet and
ran his hands through his bushy black
hair.

  “Oh, but I lose my sanity!” he cried in
despair. “The dawn is in the sky and we
have done nothing, decided nothing!”
“But wha’ d’you want me to do?”
tearfully protested Dilke. “I don’ know
wha’ you expect, that’s the whole
trouble. We’ve done our share, seems to
me—toasted the allies, sung the ‘Mar-
seillaise,’ sung ‘God Save the King’ and
wished ’em all luck. That’s enough, isn’t
it?”

  “It is but a prelude,” snapped Provain.
“Do you know who fives on the island of
Eromatti? Do you knowl”

  “Old man Schlager, tha’s who,” Dilke
answered brightly. “Good old Schlager.
Haven’t seen him since Christmas, when
he gave that dinner.”

  “Schlager is a German. A Boche! He
must be arrested before he has time to do
any harm.”

  “Wha’s the idea of arresting a fellow
like that?” Dilke protested. “Schlager’s
fine fellow. One of the best. Asked me
over to his place last Christmas, gave me
D.T’s. with his schnapps, and put me to
bed, right in his own house. ’F you
wanted to arrest Dumoulin, I’d be with
you, but Schlager—”

  “He is a Boche! We are at war with
him, and he must not be allowed to go
free on the soil of France!”

  “There you go again! This ain’t
France—it’s the New Hebrides. ’S big
difference.”

  “It belongs to France!”

  “ ’N’ it also belongs to England,” re-
torted Dilke, craning his thin neck out of
his wilted collar. “Dual ownership. If
it’s yours, it’s mine. ’S foolish arrange-
ment. ’S if you knew anything about
colonies!”

  “Anyhow,” Provain went on desper-
ately, “this German is a menace. We
must seize him and send him to Vila to be
interned. If we do not, he will come here,
and burn your store, shoot you dead per-
haps, devastatemy plantation. Oh, I know
these Boche! In ’Eighteen-seventy—”
VICTORY

43

  “That doesn’t sound like old Schlager,”
mused Dilke. “But if he’s going to burn
my store tha’s another matter. Tha’s
going too far. You’re sure he’s going to
burn my store?”

  “But of course! In war it is kill or be
killed. They are worse than the Kanakas,
those Germans. I know them. In
’Eighteen-seventy my grandfather—”
“Well, that settles it,” Dilke declared.
“Old Schlager’s going too far. Can’t have
him burning my store, can I? We must
lock him up quick.”

  “And we shall have helped our cause by
eliminating at least one dangerous
enemy!” cried Provain.

BEFORE the sun was up they were out
at sea in Provain’s launch, heading for
the island of Eromatti. The Frenchman,
who did not trust his ally’s singleness of
purpose, had refused to wait until Dilke
changed his clothes. The latter sat on the
roof of the cabin, reading a Sydney paper.
An automatic was thrust between his
vest and his hard-boiled shirt-front.

  Provain stood at the wheel, leaning
forward as if trying to drive the launch
faster through the water. In the bows
three Kanakas lay snoring on the narrow
deck. On the cabin cushions lay Pro-
vain’s arsenal—a double-barreled shot-
gun, a single-barreled shotgun, a revolver,
and a tricolor flag which was to be hoisted
over Schlager’s plantation as soon as the
place had been captured.

  “When we disembark,” Provain ex-
plained, “we march straight up to the
house and I shall say to this Boche—”
“Listen to this one,” chuckled Dilke,
slapping the paper. “There was ’n Irish-
man who landed at Freemantle—”

  “And I shall say to this Boche, ‘Sur-
render or die!’ ”

  “—without a penny in his pocket and
he went into a restaurant and ordered a
big dinner and when—”

  “If he refuses to surrender, you hear, I
shall fire upon him!”

  “Wha’ for?” inquired Dilke.

  “Oh!” groaned Provain. “Read, read
your imbecile paper and be still. But,

remember, I am in command when we
step ashore, and if I order ‘fire,’ you must
fire. Is that clear?”

  “As mud,” beamed Dilke. “Why do
you say fire?”

  “To kill Schlager, name of Heaven!”
roared Provain. “Dilke, I implore you,
become sober, become alert, become com-
prehensive! It is Schlager who would
burn your store.”

  “Let’s burn his house down,” sug-
gested Dilke. “Juz to teach him.”

  “If he will not surrender he dies, and
his property will be sequestrated,” Pro-
vain retorted coldly. “Even in wartime
we do not burn valuable property.”

  Dilke winked knowingly.

  “Might run over m’self and see if I
couldn’t run the place,” he mused.

  “Ah, yes?” snapped Provain, who had
other ideas as to the ultimate disposal of
Schlager’s property.

  “And so this Irishman—” went on
Dilke, picking up the thread of his joke.

  “I do not wish to hear about your
Irishman,” Provain retorted. “I am
thinking of more serious matters, my
friend. We are at war!”

  Eromatti shoved its twin peaks above
the horizon, and soon the launch slid
through the pass into smooth green
waters. Ahead lay a deep bay, fringed
by thick forest growth. At the far end,
by the muddy mouth of a river, there
was a stoutly built landing stage and a
shed roofed with corrugated iron.

  “You see,” observed Provain as the
Kanakas made the launch fast to the
pillars of the wharf. “These Boche! They
settle down as if they were the masters.
Imagine it! Mein herr builds great sheds
and a landing stage, as if ordinary methods
were not good enough for him.”

  “Well, why not? ’S quicker ’n’ costa
less in the long run.”

  “But where does the money come
from?” inquired Provain, answering his
question with the same breath, “He is
subsidized, I feel sure. But let us not
argue. Come!”

  “I wish somebody’d subsidize me,”
commented Dilke.
44

J. D. NEWSOM

  “A gun!” ordered Provain, handing him
one. “Take it—and remember!”

  “Is it loaded?”

  “Oui, oui, oui! But, naturally. It is
to war that we go.”

  “Ah, we, we, we,” agreed Dilke.
“But naturally!”

  He began to laugh and hastily apolo-
gized when he saw the look of intense
suspicion on Provain’s face.

  “I’m almost sober,” he pointed out.
“Could we have one nip before we start.
A bracer, eh what? Steady our gallant
nerves; mine are jumpy as the very deuce
this morning.”

  One glance at Dilke’s shaking hands
convinced Provain that the best thing to
do was to humor him. The man was in
no fit condition to play his part. He fished
a bottle of cognac out of a locker and
shuddered when Dilke put it to his lips
and drank a third of it as if it were water.

  “Gaudy stuff!” smiled the Englishman,
putting the bottle into his pocket. “Full
of steam.” He shook himself like a dog
shaking water off its coat, and smacked
his lips. “Forward!” he cried. “Onward,
Ker-ristian sohoholdiers—”

  “Silence!” roared Provain. “Du calme!
Wc must surprize the enemy!”

  A Kanaka laborer came out of the
godown to see who was causing the dis-
turbance. He saluted smartly as the two
white men marched by side by side.

  “He has taught them the military
salute,” Provain ejaculated. “No doubt
but they are all armed and trained.
Perhaps, who knows? It is to our death
that we go. Be brave, Dilke! Courage!”
They followed a broad path bordered
with tall trees, running back to a two-
story house, painted white with green
shutters, standing in the shade of a clump
of mango trees. In a field close to the
road lean cows were trying to become
acclimatized.

  “ ’S nice place,” murmured Dilke.
“And if he will not surrender,” said
Provain, “shoot!”

  They reached the house. Their in-
tended victim sat on the veranda, making
entries in a ledger which he held on his

knees. He looked up at them over gold-
rimmed spectacles, and a slight frown
appeared between his eyes.

  “Schlager—” began Provain in a voice
which shook with emotion.

 “One moment,” the German said
curtly. “I am balancing my accounts,
please.”

  He was a large, fleshy man, with a large,
fleshy red face. His manners were dis-
tinctly abrupt. Apparently he resented
this intrusion.

  “Your accounts can wait,” declared
Provain. “Schlager you are a prisoner.
At the first hostile gesticulation I shall
shoot!”

  Schlager carefully placed a sheet of
blotting paper between the pages of the
ledger, and closed the book with a snap
which jarred Dilke’s sensitive nerves.

  “I do not wish to skylark,” he declared.
“Today I am busy. Provain, put down
that gun, please. It might be loaded.”
“It is loaded, I will inform you,” the
Frenchman retorted. “And it is to shoot
at you that I aim it.”

  “Tha’s righ’,” agreed Dilke, favoring
Schlager with a ghastly smile. “You’re a
goo’ fellow, but you can’t come and burn
my store down. Tha’s going too far.
You’re a prisoner.”

  “Ha-ha,” remarked Schlager, trying to
appease these two madmen. “It is very
funny. I laugh. Now you must go away
and let me work. Today I am busy.”
Despite his good resolution his voice be-
came sharp. “If you do not go away,” he
added, “I will have my boys tarke you
away.”

  “I am not here to amuse myself, do not
believe it,” snapped Provain. “It is duty
of the sternest—”

  “Put down that gun!”

  “Never! Duty compels—”

  “Once more, put down that gun!”

  “And I ordep you to surr—”

  Schlager’s red face became purple.
The veins on his neck stood out in knotted
ropes.

  “Loafing ruffians,” he brayed. “I do
not keep open house. No! I am not a
wayside hotel. No! I am not a drunken
VICTORY

4 5

sailor nor a beachcomber. No! Do you
think you can walk in here whenever you
wish for a cheap drink? You are mis-
taken. No more do I wish for your
society. I order you to go away, at once!”
During this speech he banged the
ledger with the palm of his hand and
glared at the two offenders.

  “ ’Snot our fault,” protested Dilke, with
tears in his eyes. “Mustn’t get mad, old
bean. Not at us. Here—” he dragged
the bottle from his pocket and held it out
— “have a li’l drink. Juz to show there’s
no ill feeling.”

  “Dirty beast!” retorted the German.
“Vile beast! Drink-besodden English-
man, I do not drink with you—nor with
you either, Provain. You, I thought you
a sober man. But it is not so! It is the
tropics which demoralize such decadent
races as yours. Only Germans are true
colonists. I work while you drink. Yes,
that is so!”

  “You accuse me of drunkenness when I
am in the performance of my duty!” cried
Provain. “Oh, but it is difficult to re-
strain my finger upon this trigger.
Schlager, you—”

  “Wha’s that you said about colo-
nists?” inquired Dilke, trying to appear
angry. “Lemme tell you about the
British Empire—”

  “Dilke, nom de Dieu, be still!” begged
Provain, whose arms were growing weary
of holding up the shotgun. “How can I
tell this Boche—”

  “Boche!” roared Schlager. “Now it is
insults because I will not give you free
drinks. It is threats to my life that you
make. I will have you up before the court
at Vila. My boys will throw you out!”
But he did not call his houseboys be-
cause he was not sure whether or not that
gun was going to go off. The French were
an excitable race. It would be wise, he
decided, to get that gun out of the way
before he summoned help.

  “The only court you will see,” de-
clared Provain, “is a court martial.
Schlager, fool, listen: War has been de-
clared—war between your country and
mine! We are going to avenge ’Eighteen-

seventy; we shall not rest till again Alsace
and Lorraine are French!”

  “I’m ’n ally,” added Dilke, preening
himself. “When the British lion starts
to roar—watch out!”

  Schlager’s body stiffened; his eyes
opened wide; his hands closed convul-
sively on the ledger.

  “What is this?” he inquired sharply.
“War! Has France declared war on
Germany?”

  “France is a peaceful country,” sneered
Provain. “A civilized country. No, it
is not France which has sought this war—
it is Germany, the jealous, the saber-
rattling Germany!”

  “But this talk of revenge, of Alsace
and Lorraine—”

  “Not revenge—punishment!” thun-
dered Provain. “Whoever attacks
France, pavs! The rose has thorns of
steel!”

  An unpleasant smile appeared on the
German’s face. He looked up at Dilke
and asked—

  “And you—what are you?”

  “I’m ’n ally,” repeated Dilke.

  This seemed all sufficient. He leaned
against the veranda railing and renewed
his courage with the dregs of the cognac
bottle. He was careful to put the empty
bottle down beneath the table, standing
it in an upright position.

  “’Shot day, isn’t it?” he remarked, try-
ing to relieve the nervous tension which
filled the air. “Stuffy, you might say.”
Provain and Schlager favored him with
a glance of contempt, which made him
blush. Provain said quietly, as if to mark
the contrast between his dignity and
Dilke’s lack of self-respect:

  “I hope you will surrender without
making the grand commotion. I do not
wish to shoot, but I will do my entire
duty.”

  Schlager said nothing. He bit his lips
and stared past Provain as if he were see-
ing ghosts.

  “Wha’ d’ you look at me like that
for?” protested Dilke. “It’s a hot day
and you know it. I’m ’n ally, ’n’ I can
say what I like, ’n’ you can’t stop me.
46

J. D. NEWSOM

Did I wanna come on this fool trip? Not
I!” He appealed to the German. “I
was soun’ ’sleep at two in the morning,
and Provain comes in and he says,
‘War's been declared. We’re allies.’
And then he throws Napoleon at me.
’S disgusting.”

  Provain turned toward him angrily.

  “Imbecile,” he snapped. “I order you
to be still. It is I who am in command!”

  While his head was averted Schlager
suddenly came into action. He raised
the ledger above his head and hurled it
at Provain. It coincided with the pit of
the Frenchman’s stomach. He staggered
back into Dilke’s arms, but he did not
loose his presence of mind. He fired in
the general direction of his enemy, just
too late, however, for the latter had
leaped through an open window into the
house. He could be heard bellowing at his
staff. The sound of his voice had an un-
pleasant ring about it. It seemed quite
evident that he did not intend to sur-
render.

  “I’m going,” announced Dilke. “He’s
mad.”

  “All your fault!” wailed Provain. He
stepped up to the window and emptied
the second barrel of his shot-gun into the
room. “To keep them quiet,” he ex-
plained. “They—”

  A scowling black face appeared around
the corner, and a black arm heaved a
machete at the Frenchman. It missed by
inches.

  “I’m going,” repeated Dilke.

  It seemed to be the wisest thing to do.
They ran down the veranda steps and
crashed through a hedge of crotons,
From the first-floor balcony a shot rang
out. A bullet tore through the leaves and
kicked up a spurt of dust at Dilke’s feet.
They ran on, zigzagging across a field
where two cows stood gazing at them
with luminous eyes. Fearing, no doubt,
to hurt his cattle, Schlager held his fire.

  A confused noise of shouting came from
the house. Glancing over his shoulder,
Provain saw Schlager’s tall white form
leading a dozen or more Kanakas. Pro-
vain swore bitterly. Instead of scoring a

decisive victory he was being chased
across the landscape like a rabbit. Dilke
had thrown away his shotgun and was
running in great bounds. His mouth was
wide open, his eyes fixed and glassy.

  A rifle cracked; the bullet whined by
close overhead. Dilke’s speed increased.
Provain lumbered along close behind him.

  They reached the fringe of the planta-
tion and fell into uncut jungle. They tore
at it, forcing their way in among the rank
undergrowth. Soon they were flounder-
ing knee-deep in brown ooze, clinging to
creepers and roots that were greasy with
mud.

  When at last they stopped there was
neither sign nor sound of their pursuers.

  “Mon Dieu, mon Dieu,” raged Provain,
“but it is running away that we are!
Running away! Mon Dieu, what shame-
fulness!”

  “You—you’re quite right,” panted
Dilke, “and I can’t get away fast enough
to suit me.”

  “But we shall go back!” Provain
asserted. “We shall not let this snake
strike at us when we are off our guard.
You see now how perfidious these Ger-
mans are: He waits until my head is
turned and then assails me. O Dilke,
my friend, let us be calm! Let us think!
Let us cease this running away!”

  “If I thought I could swim all the way
to Kalewara,” gurgled Dilke, pressing
one hand to his heart and the other to his
forehead, “I’d be on my way, and nothing
could stop me—nothing. I’m a peace-
loving drunk,” he' added, “and the
trouble is, I’m sobering up fast.”

  Provain laid an encouraging hand on
Dilke’s shoulder.

  “My good friend,” he adjured. “Do
not lose faith. With sobriety will come
strength. Not yourself alone do you
represent, but England! We fight for a
grand civilization; if we fail—”

   “You can keep your grand civilization,”
Dilke said feelingly. “You can have it.
So far’s I’m concerned the war’s over.
I’m going to surrender and see if old man
Schlager won’t bring out some of that
schnapps to celebrate his victory. Pro-
VICTORY

47

vain, old bean, I’m feeling low.”
“Pig of an Englishman!” swore Pro-
vain, pushing the tum-coat away from
him. “Stay here, then, and rot!^ I shall
deal alone with this Boche.”

  The turn-coat staggered back against
a tree-trunk, tripped against a projecting
root and went over backward. He sat
down with a soft plop.

   “Now listen,” he appealed as soon as he
recovered his breath. “Now, old top,
listen. Be fair. You can’t leave me out
here all alone. It’s growing late and it’ll
soon be dark and I’m not feeling at all
well. I’m terribly weak—” he gulped
back tears of self-pity—“you don’t know
how weak I am. It’s the liquor. I’m
all shot to pieces, that’s what I am.”
“Come with me then,” snapped Pro-
vain, the strong man. “I will not
abandon you. No! But I make one con-
dition: You must be courageous. Re-
member, Dilke, this is war!”

  “Uhuh,” agreed Dilke. “War’s right.
But land fighting’s not my style. You
get me back on board that launch and I
swear I’ll join the navy and never touch
another drop in my life.”

   “You will join the navy!” cried Pro-
vain, enheartened by this show of patriot-
ism. “Dilke, my friend, you rise in my
regards. This is very fine!”

IT WAS growing dusk. The shadows
thickened beneath the trees and the
mosquitoes came out in full force. By the
time they reached firm land, darkness
had closed in.

  “The house of the Boche is in dark-
ness,” whispered Provain. “Let us be
, wary. No doubt but he lies in wait for
us. Let us creep up upon him with care.”
Dilke, who had been grumbling to him-
self for some time, suddenly stopped and
inquired testily—

   “Do you see it too?”

   “Do I see what?” snapped Provain.
“Oh, hell!” moaned Dilke. “I’ve got
’em again.”

  “Got what again?”

“D.T’s. I’m seeing things. It’s a sort
of purplish land crab this time. You see

what happens when I’m cut off from my
daily ration. Darn it, I know it’s not
there, but it’s so confoundedly real!”

  “A purplish land crab!” repeated
Provain, who was not used to the ways of
inebriates. “In the utter darkness! But
you are mad!”

  “So-so.” Dilke’s voice was shaky.
“One land crab—two land crabs!” He
leaped sidewise violently and came down
on Provain’s toes. “I’m awfully sorry,”
he stammered excitedly, “but—but there’s
a large animal, a large yellow brute, try-
ing to get at me. I saw it distinctly!”
“But no!” declared Provain. “There is
nothing.”

  “But yes, there is!” Dilke cried wildly.
“It’s trying to get at me, I tell you.”

  The hallucination charged at him again.
He yelled and went galloping away
through the darkness, plunging straight
ahead of him.

  Provain shook his head sadly. It was
terrible to think that one had such
allies—a drink-crazed people who saw
purplish land crabs in the night.

  “Alone,” he told himself, “alone I shall
finish this, or die!”

  And he meant it. He slid along
through the rank grass with the stealth
of a rather heavy-footed elephant.

  Meanwhile Dilke, terrorized by his
yellow brute, charged across field and
ditch, yelling for help. He fled past
Schlager’s house, and the Kanakas, mis-
taking him for a spirit of evil, went
away without waiting to investigate.

  The Melanesian is too well acquainted
with the many gods and ghosts who walk
abroad on moonless nights to take any
risks with apparitions, which scream like
souls in torment and rush about in search
of human victims. Those Kanakas gave
Dilke a wide, wide berth.

  Terror-stricken, he shot down the lane
leading toward the landing-stage. When-
ever he looked back, there was the slaver-
ing yellow brute close at his heels.

  Dimly he heard a voice shouting at him,
but he was past caring about mere
human voices. A lick of red flame
bloomed in the darkness. There was a
48

J. D. NEWSOM

thunderous explosion; a hot breath of air
blew past his face. All this was part of
his nightmare. He raced on—and cata-
pulted into a shadowy figure which barred
his way. He went into it head-foremost
and the force of the impact almost broke
his neck.

  Then he was down, sprawling on top
of a man who squirmed and cursed and
tried to shake him off. He struck back
blindly, immensely relieved because, be-
neath him, there was a creature of flesh
and blood, and the shadowy yellow brute
had vanished.

  For a while blows rained against his
face, and a pair of bony hands groped for
a hold on his throat. But his energy was
tremendous. He knelt on his antagonist’s
chest and pounded him into submission.
Gradually the man’s efforts relaxed. He
squirmed a little, groaned and lay still.

  A great surge of joy swept Dilke. One
of his eyes was closed, his mouth was torn
open, two of his teeth were missing, but
these were minor accidents. He had laid
his ghost and, what was still better, he
had captured Schlager single-handed.

  “Provain,” he yelled when his breath
returned, “Provain! I’ve got him.”

  After a time the Frenchman appeared,
treading cautiously, for he feared a trap.

  “Come on,” urged Dilke. “Nothing to
be afraid of, old top. I’m sitting on his
chest. Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of schnappsl
Strike a light and see who’s here! Jolly
old Schlager brought down in open com-
bat. Alone I did it!”

  “Mon Dieul” gasped Provain, groping
about in the darkness. “Is it possible!”
“I’m sitting on him, I tell you. Not a
peep out of him for the last two minutes.
It takes a Briton to finish a job, old top;
be it said withoutoffense— He’s squirm-
ing. Take a look quick.”

  While Provain was fumbling through

his pockets a voice came from beneath
Dilke. It said shakily:

  “Dilke, you drunken swine, get up.
I’ll teach you to interfere with an officer
in the execution of his duty. I’m
Ormrod.”

  Dilke staggered to his feet and Provain
cried—

  “Mon Dieul”

  He struck a match, and together, with
horrified eyes, they peered at the victim.
Despite the blood on his face there was no
mistaking him. It wasn’t Schlager, at all,
but Ormrod, the police commissioner.

  He sat up, cleared his throat and
barked:

  “What’s the meaning of this outrage?
I landed an hour ago and arrested
Schlager. He’s on board the cutter this
minute. We’re at war with Germany—”
“We know that,” broke in Provain.
“Sir, we were here to arrest him our-
selves.”

  “You leave all the arresting to me,”
snarled Ormrod. “You’re not fit to be
loose, either of you. What were you up
to anyway?”

  They tried to explain and he grunted
disgustedly.

  “I’ll let you off with a caution, because
you’re not worth arresting. But don’t
forget I could have you both up for tres-
pass and assault. Y’understand? Tres-
pass and assault! Now get out of my
sight, both of you—you make me sick!”
They stood side by side, listening to the
retreating footsteps, and at last Provain
exclaimed:

  “And that is all the thanks one gets for
one’s devotion. One is a trespasser and
an assaulter. It is odious! Odious!”
“Yes,” agreed Dilke. “Just you come
again at two in the morning and tell me
there’s a war on, and you’ll never know
what hit you. My word, I’m thirsty!”
The Night-Nurse

BY

LEONARD H. NASON

THE night-nurse was one of the best.
She was past the years of youth, and
no one, looking at her, would think she
was such a good sport. I didn’t like her
for a nickel when I first knew her, be-
cause she was always waking me up in the
night to give me a shot of Dakin solution.
The Dakin treatment for gunshot
wounds consists of shooting a mysterious
solution into the wound every two hours.
This is done with a syringe inserted into
a rubber hose which remains in the wound
all the time. A man with a large wound
will have several of these tubes dangling,
like an ornamental fringe.

  I had a hole in my abdomen seven
inches long, with three tubes in it. The
solution can not be warmed, as heat de-
stroys its efficiency, so it was used at
room temperature, which in the No-
vember nights was around freezing. It
will be seen that my feelings toward any
one who dragged me from sleep every
two hours all winter and filled my stomach
full of that icy stuff would be anything
but loving. Boy! Every time I got a shot
of that stuff I thought some one had run
a bayonet through me.

  There was a man in the ward with
sixteen tubes in his leg. The propeller of
a plane had hit him. I pitied that lad.

  Well, after a time they took the hose

out of me, and I didn’t swear at the night-
nurse any more. They put her on day
duty then, anyway. She used to come in
the ward after supper to swipe a little hot
water off the stove—we had a tiny stove
that furnished heat for a sixty-bed ward
and hot water for the dish-washing and
dressings—and she’d stop and chew the
rag with me for a minute.

  “I’ve come in to give my man a drink,”
she used to say, displaying a metal hot-
water bag.

  One night I was full of gloom, and she
sneaked back to her quarters and got me
some port wine. I kept the whole ward
awake that night. After that she used to
bring me in a toothful of nose-paint every
time she came. If they’d ever caught her
she’d have got the works. One of the
other nurses asked her how come her
partiality for me.

  “Ah!” replied the night-nurse, “when
he was sick he used to swear at me just as
f he were my husband. I never had a
man swear at me all my life. You can’t
imagine the thrill it gives.”

  I wish I could meet that nurse again.
There’s several nurses I’d like to meet. I
wish they were men. One of us would be
a corpse. But I would like to see the
night-nurse. Chances are small, I guess.
I don’t even know her name.
The return of a prodigal brother

TheTi

to Go

me

THE SUCCESSIVE terminal towns
of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe were so many lurid explosions.
Each marked a pause in the crawling
progress of the road across Kansas. In
each sprang up saloons, gambling-places
and dance-halls; and the last mushroom
civic growth, making the head of the road
for a brief time, took over from its prede-
cessor the honor of being the “bloodiest
town on the map.”

  Some of these railroad settlements were
dilatory in living up to the required repu-
tation, so that there was room for argu-
ment as to which was the liveliest and
worst. But in all truth, Newton, Harvey
County, in 1871, fulfilled all expectations.
Not only was it the head of the railroad
but also the new terminus of the Texas
cattle trail. One Texan quaintly ex-
pressed it—

  “This burg can give hell a two minute
handicap an’ win in a walk.”

  Perhaps this was an exaggeration, yet
the speaker was not Kansas-born and was
impartial in his judgment. Regardless of
individual merits of the various termini,
it was unanimously conceded that no rail-
way extension ever was characterized by
more lawlessness than in that of the Atchi-
son, Topeka and Santa Fe.

  Among those who had kept up with the
road were Joe Laws and his pretty wife—
and their portable eating-house. Almost
from the start, his wife, Mary, abhorred
the life. When she urged him to go into

some business back east he would point to
the day's profits and would insist they
would be foolish to abandon a small
fortune.

  At Newton, however, Joe found himself
feeling uneasy. The town was overrun by
gamblers and “sure thing” men. Nearly
all the men were proud of their shooting
ability. He began to wonder if his wife
were not far too pretty to take into such
a hodgepodge of recklessness. Until he
opened his restaurant in Newton, Joe be-
lieved himself capable of defending his
own. Then came the wild cattlemen with
the first of the forty thousand head that
they were to drive up from Texas during
the short seasom They quickly wove a
new viciousness into the red warp and
By HUGH PENDEXTER

woof of the town. As gunmen, they
quickly collided with Kansas desperadoes,
and the shootings occurred in the street
as well as in the resorts. Famous gun-
toters were being killed almost daily.
Joe realized that the six-shooter was the
only law. He suggested to his wife that
she go back East.

  “I won’t go unless you go,” she stub-
bornly told him. She was a Banner,
and all the Banners usually meant what
they said.

  He thought of the fat receipts for the
day and temporized:

  “Probably we’ve seen the worst of it.
As soon as the rails get a little closer to the
next town, this place will quiet down.
They’ve already named it, Larned.”

  “And when the rush is made for Larned
—you’ll be keen to go there?” she asked.

  “I don’t think so. Mebbe I’ll call this
our last move. But we’re a lot rougher
here than in any of the other places. A
woman was killed in the street by a wild
bullet from Tim Shea’s dance-hall. She
was a dance-hall girl, but it might have
been you,Mary. I do wish you’dgoback.”
“No,” she quietly told him, “it’s no
worse for you to worry about me than for
me to worry about you.”

  “Well, we’ll wait a few days and see if
it don’t quiet down. But you mustn’t
go out unless I’m with you.”

  “I never go out except to run into
Stillwell’s store next door.”

  “Darned hard on you, being cooped up
here and keeping house in that back room.
Mebbe we won’t wait till the rush to
Larned comes. But I’ll never get an-
other chance to get big money quick.”
The girl’s life was virtual imprison-
ment. The eating-house did a lively
business late into the evening. She sel-
dom entered the dining-room except in
the early morning hours. Their living-
room was at the back of the house, and all
the partitions were thin. She grew to
hate the room, but the outside world was
worse. The loud talk of drunken des-

peradoes caused her face to bum, and
often she lay on the bed with a pillow
muffling her ears. She kept that part of
her misery from Joe, fearing lest he act
the censor. Did he do that, she was
convinced, he would be sentencing him-
self to a bloody death.

 ONE NIGHT a tall, rangy herder,
 with butternut pants tucked into
 long boots, with two guns in his belt and
 with his Mexican hat pushed back from
 his forehead, grossly insulted Joe. The
 man’s companions, some of whom had
 ridden with Quantrell, laughed uproar-
 iously. Joe ate crow. To save his self-
 respect he could have made a defiant
 gesture and died at the muzzle of a smok-
 ing gun. But there was his wife.

   After the reckless group departed he
 went to the back room and broke down
 and wept. His wife comforted him, or
 attempted to, and insisted that words
 ♦ould not hurt him.

   “But they do! They did! They hurt
 like—” he groaned. “Oh, if you only was
 back in Burlingame! If I could only
 handle guns like Hanse!”

   She grew deadly pale and her eyes
 widened with the old misery. Instantly
 he was contrite and almost forgetful of
 his wounded pride.

    “There, there, dear, never went to hurt
 the girl. But your brother would be a
 humdinger in a place like this. That
 tall devil never would ’a’ called him that.”
 “And what has Hanse’s wildness
 fetched him?” she whispered. “Where is
 he tonight? What will be the end of his
 wickedness? Oh, Joe, if he’d only died
 when a little boy. To think he’s scarcely
 more than a boy this night.”

Joe attempted a defense of the brother-
V in-law, whom he had never seen, but
whose lawless acts comprised two years of
wild history on a wild border. All Joe
could say was:

    “Hanse Banner can take care of himself.
 He could protect a wife if he had one.”
52

HUGH PENDEXTER

  “Take care of himself,” she bitterly
cried. “Scarcely out of his teens and in
hiding most of the time.”

  “He’d never stand for what I had to
stand for tonight,” bitterly insisted Joe.

 She almost told him what she had
“stood for” when compelled to overhear
the rough talk on the other side of the
thin partition. Instead, in a flare of
passionate protest, she shrilly insisted:
“Take me away! Take me back East!
Now! Leave everything!”

  Believing she was concerned on his ac-
count, he quieted his own rage and more
philosophically reasoned:

  “Still, I’m alive. I stood for the abuse.
I won’t care what the rotten scum say.
I wear no guns. The Texan knew it, and
he had two. So, he’s the coward. That
particular bunch will be pulling out soon.
Some will remain here, planted. This
town’s going to quiet down. We won’t
follow the road any farther. I’ll get a
good offer and sell and go back East.”

  The next few days brought no trouble
to the eating-house. The Texans had
been running the town for several days?
and now the Kansas gunmen were plan-
ning to assert their supremacy. Each
faction was sniffing the impending battle;
each was planning to take the other at a
disadvantage.

  As Joe listened to the gossip at his
tables, his hopes were high. The ideal
consummation would be for both fac-
tions to be exterminated. He hoped the
tall, rangy man would not patronize him
again. He often pictured himself picking
up the gun behind the counter and
shooting him; only, the picture persisted
in his going down before a volley from the
man’s companions.

  As he stood behind the counter, dishing
up for the Mexican waiter, he was always
seeing the man with the low-crowned hat
of enormous brim pushed back and reveal-
ing the lighter complexion of the fore-
head. The man’s weathered face re-
minded him of a dark red mask. But
what was hurting his pride tremendously
was his hesitancy to go out on the street.
It was shameful—but there was Mary.

WHEN it was predicted that the
showdown between Kansans and
Texans was imminent, the latter ceased
their night revels and returned to their
camp. Hearing this, Joe ventured forth
late in the afternoon, or early evening,
and endeavored to make himself believe
he was free to come and go. Then came
a day when he entered his restaurant
and was horribly shocked to behold his
wife standing on the threshold of their
living room, her gaze that of a mad per-
son. In her hand, held gingerly, as if
there were blood on the handle, was one
of the revolvers.

  With a low cry, he ran to her, and for a
moment she stared at him as if she did
not recognize him. Then she pointed to
the floor. His eyes were almost as wild as
hers as he beheld—a dark stain.

  “My God!” he gasped.

  “He came to this door,” she shrilly
said. “He tried to enter. I shot him.”
“You’ve killed some one?” he whis-
pered.

  She slowly shook her head and backed
into the living-room. He followed her and
closed the door. She cautiously placed
the revolver on a stand and held her hand
before her face, the fingers stiffly spread
apart.

  He seized her by the shoulders, shook
her roughly and hoarsely demanded:
“Who? Who? Who?”

  She went to the wash-stand and poured
water over her hands, although they were
unstained, and scrubbed them desper-
ately. He stared and waited. She told
him—

  “The tall Texan.”

  He leaned against the thin partition
and stared at the opposite wall. He no-
ticed several old builet-holes. He ob-
served that the boards were beginning to
warp. And, all the while, he was telling
himself that he must get a horse and ride
out to the Texans’ camp and do his best to
kill the man. Of course he never would
come back. But it was one of those times
when a man must go, when the quest ion
of returning was of little matter. With a
little shiver, which he tried to disguise by
THE TIME TO GO

53

shrugging his shoulders, he took the towel
from her and gently dried the slim hands.
His voice was quiet, almost casual, as

Ha q olfpn

  “Where did you hit him?”

  “His left hand. He stayed—to wrap
it up. He said he would come back.”

He was frightened by her voice, by her
set expression. He fiercely commanded:
“Mary, you kick out of this spell. You
stop it! He won’t bother you again; he
won’t come back.”

  “He said he’d come,” she monoto-
nously repeated," said he’d pay me off by
getting you. Then he’d take me away.”
She was clapping her hands over her
mouth to stifle a scream. She would have
fallen had he not caught her in his arms.
He placed her on the bed and said:

  “I’ll hunt up a doctor. There’s one
who hangs out in Shea’s place.”

  “No, no. Don’t leave!”

  “Mary, I must get a doctor unless you
stop this. You’ve been frightened.
You’ve scared a cheap rascal away. You
haven’t been hurt—just frightened.”
“Promise me you’ll start back East to-
night,” she whispered.

  “That means I must give my business
away.”

  “You can sell. Stillwell would like to
buy you out. But give it away—any-
thing, only get me out of this.”

  “All right, you win. Get your nerve
back. I’ll make a trade with Stillwell if I
can. If I can’t, I’ll leave it. We’ve
made quite a bit of money. We’ll call
it quits. There’s no chance of that man
coming here again today. If you’ll say
you’re all right, I’ll go and fix it.”

  She eagerly assured him:

  “I’m myself. I’m all right. The
happiest moment of my life since we
started with the railroad will be when
we’re traveling back home. See, my hand
is steady. The fear’s left me. Go now.
Give, or sell; then hurry back.”

  “It’ll take a bit of time,” he gently
warned her. “I must act as if I wasn’t
Over-keen, you know. We have plenty of
time. No one will bother you while I’m
gone.”

  “Dear, I’ve been weak and foolish.
Now I’m all right. You stop worrying.
Now, go. I’ll be calm.”

  He held her at arm’s length, and she
believed he was doubting her ability to
keep up. He stared long and earnestly,
then kissed her good-by and wheeled
about. Stepping behind the counter, he
watched the closed door; picked up his
Colt revolver and thrust it under his
coat.

  Gaining the rough street he walked
rapidly by Stillwell’s store and made for a
small corral back of the hotel, where he
knew he could secure a horse. And all the
time the thought was parading through
his mind:

  “You must go, even if you can’t come
back. You can’t come back, but it’s time
for you to go.”

  Like one in a trance he heard himself
calmly dickering for the hire of a horse
and insisting on leaving the worth of the
animal. Like a voice coming from a
great distance he heard the man expostu-
lating:

  “But, doggone! You ain’t goin’ to
steal this nag, Laws. Well, well, if that’s
your notion I’ll hold the money till you
come back.”

1AWS found himself in the saddle, rid-
ing from town and keeping wide of
the construction crew. He had no plan;
he felt no fear. He was embarked on the
inevitable. He felt cold; he felt calm.
His thoughts were projected ahead, to the
camp of the cowboys. He had lost all
sense of self and was impersonal. And
ever the refrain—

   “You can’t return, but you must go.”
His perceptive faculties were dulled,
for he was hardly conscious of the grad-
ers, shouting profanely to their work-
animals. Then he beheld a man clinging
to his horse’s bridle and heard an incisive
voice crying—

  “Are you deef ’n’ dumb?”

  He blinked at the man standing at the
head of his horse and quietly asked:

  “See here! What do you mean by
stopping me like this?”
5i

HUGH PENDEXTER

  “I’m buying your nag, stranger. Hop
down and be smart.”

  He stared at the man—about his own
age, slim of build and wearing two ivory-
handled guns. It came into his mind that
he had met the fellow somewhere. But
there was the business ahead, and he was
not curious.

  “You mean you’re going to take my
horse?”

  “I need the critter more’n you do,
stranger. Name your price. I’ll fork
over. I’m no hoss-thief. And a hand
dropped on an ivory handle, while the
other fished among gold pieces. “I’m
mighty hard pressed.”

  Laws felt no resentment against the
fellow. All his hatred was concentrated
on the tall Texan. He said:

  “I refuse to sell. You can’t take my
horse by force.”

  “Sure’s you’re a foot high, I’m goin’
to take your hoss.”

  “There’s a time to go, even if you can’t
come back,” muttered Laws and he lifted
his gaze to stare toward the smoke which
marked the Texan’s camp.

  “Hi! What’s that? Time to go? You
hit it square on the nail. That’s why I’m
goin’ on your hoss, stranger.” The fellow'
laughed recklessly, but with a glint of
humor in his dark eyes.

  Laws puckered his brows. There was
no need of mad haste in reaching the
camp. The lean brown hand on the big
revolver could draw and shoot him from
the saddle before he could reach for his
own gun. He had no desire to shoot
the young man. There was only one
crime in the world—the affront to his
wife. He patiently said—

  “If you’ll follow me a quarter of a mile
—and I’ll ride slow—I’ll give you this
horse.”

  “Er-huh? Just as easy as that.
What’s the rest of your game?” dryly
asked the man.

  “I’m on my way to the camp of some
Texan herders. I’m going to find and
kill one of them. He insulted Mary.
Mary’s my wife.”

  The hold-up man stared blanklyforabit.

  “Going alone and carrying a fight to a
parcel of bad Texans?” he curiously asked.
“Yes.”

  “Then you must be some rare hellion.
I must know you by the speech of people.
What’s your handle?”

  ‘Laws. Joe Laws.”

  ‘‘Oh! Laws. So it’s Laws, eh,” mum-
bled the man. “How long you been out
here, Mr. Laws?”

  “Came along with the road. Run an
eating-house. Tall herder talked bad to
me t’other evening. Because of my wife I
stood for it. He came this afternoon
while I was out and insulted my wife. She
shot him through the left hand. I found
her nearly crazy.”

  The man gaped for a moment and mur-
mured—

  “Your wife, Mary—Mary Laws potted
the bad man?”

  “Yes. Don’t repeat things after me,
please. I promised my wife I’d go back
East with her this very day. She thinks
I’m out now, selling my place. Of course
she couldn’t understand it was a time
when a man has to do a certain thing. I
didn’t try to explain it. But you see how
it is. That’s what I meant by saying it’s
time I must go, even if there ain’t any ar-
rangements made for my coming back.
I’m bothering to make this plain to you,
so you will understand that I can’t give up
my horse. I must ride into that camp,
hell-for-leather, and get my man before
I’m riddled by his friends.”

  “I see. I see. ‘Fighting’ Joe Laws.”
“No, no,” disclaimed Laws seriously.
“I’ve never claimed to be a fighter. Run
an eating-house. I’m doing something
now I simply have to do, even if it isn’t
in my fine.”

  The man nodded gravely and, still
holding the bridle, turned and glanced
toward the west.

  “Yeah, I can see the smoke from their
cooking-fires.” Facing about, he said,
“I’m proud to meet such a conscientious
cuss as you be, Fighting Joe Laws. But
drag your eyes to the south a trifle.
Those hossmen are Texans.”

  Laws shifted his gaze and beheld a
THE TIME TO GO

55

compact group of riders heading for
Newton. They had left the camp while
he was talking with "he stranger. He
shaded his eyes and studied the man in
the lead. There was no mistaking the
tall, gaunt figure.

  “Damn! You’ve held me here and
they’ve started back to the town. They’re
making for my place. The man ahead is
the one I’m after. Stand clear, or—”

  He did not finish the threat. With
incredible quickness the man yanked
him from the saddle and darted a hand in-
side his coat and plucked forth the revol-
ver and hurled it far to one side. Then he
was on the horse and galloping on a long
diagonal to reach the town ahead of the
Texans. He rode well, as if part of his
mount. And, as he rode, he recklessly
shotted:

  “A time to go! Well, let’s hope the
goin’s good, with lots of company.”

  The Texans were in no haste and gave
no heed to the horseman passing by on
their left, who, in turn gave them no at-
tention. He entered the town and
hitched his mount in front of the nearest
store. Of the storekeeper he inquired
the location of Law’s place. Securing
the information, he took to the middle of
the road and sauntered leisurely toward
the restaurant. Coming to Stillwell’s
store he surveyed the interior through a
window and then stepped inside. When
the proprietor came forward he curtly
explained:

  “Sent by Joe Laws. Some Texans are
coming to bedevil his wife, Mary. He
wants you to hide her in 3rour store till
they can be coaxed away. They’ll be
here soon. Fetch her in the back way.”

  With a startled exclamation Stillwell
ran through the store and out of the back
door. The young man lounged to the
comer of the building and cautiously
peered between it and the eating-house.
Soon he saw the storekeeper and a young
woman crossing his narrow range of
vision. He glanced down the street.
None of the Texans were in sight.

  “Prob’ly stoppin’ for a snort of strong
water,” he mumbled.

  He bent low, ran between the buildings
and entered the back door of the eating-
house. The Mexican waiter was just
leaving and jabbered something excitedly
before starting to place the greatest dis-
tance between himself and the restaurant
in the shortest space of time.

  Whistling softly, the young man en-
tered the dining-room and secured an
apron from the counter and tied it over
his guns. Then he ventured to open the
door of the living-room and for a few mo-
ments surveyed it. Returning to the
main room he stepped behind the counter
and thrust his hands under his apron and
drew two guns; and, with the weapons
thus concealed, he leaned carelcssly
against the counter and waited.

  Five of the Texans had left their horses
and were coming up the street. The
leader had a bandage around his left
hand. Some distance behind them, and
walking with a staggering, drunken gait,
came Joe Laws. He was nearly exhaust ed
by his long run. Overhauling Laws was a
gaunt, sunburned man, who was finishing
his third horse and a sixty-mile ride from
the Kansas and Pacific line.

HERE’S a time to go, no matter if
you don’t come back,” murmured
the man behind the counter. His hands
were under the apron. “Who’d thought
of him havin’ guts enough to believe
that?”

  He was in a negligent pose when the
door flew violently open and the tall
Texan stepped in with four men at his
heels. He gave a single glance at the
man behind the counter, undoubtedly
taking him to be a waiter.

  “I’ll fetch her out. Hold the young
fellow if he shows up,” he told his com-
rades.

  He was striding the lengt h of the room
to gain the living-room at the back of the
house.

  “Just where jtou ’low you’re headin’
for, stranger?” drawled the man behind
the counter.

  The tall man gave no heed to the ques-
tion, but a bow-legged herder ambled
56

HUGH PENDEXTER

forward. There came a metallic click-
click. The tall man twisted about and
was infuriated at the waiter’s show of
resistance. One hand had come from
under the apron and was holding a forty-
five. With a roar of rage the Texan
reached for his gun and barely touched
the handle before the booming crash of
the forty-five was echoed by the crash of
the tall figure strildng the floor.

  Another echo was the bow-legged man’s
gun. The waiter jerked about as if struck
a heavy blow and shot the bow-legged
man through the heart. The man was
dead before he collapsed to his knees, his
hands scraping the edge of the counter.
The second gun came into view, and the
two guns began answering and silencing
the spurts of flame at the sides and the
front of the room, as the waiter, leaning
against the counter, fired rapidly and
with deadly precision.

  The horseman and young Laws came
through the smoky doorway, as the sur-
vivor of the terrible tragedy sagged half
across the counter. He made a futile
effort to cock the left hand gun; then he
grinned faintly and greeted—

  “Howdy, Sheriff.”

  Laws stared wildly at the slaughter-
house. The sheriff ran behind the coun-
ter and wrenched the two guns from the
feebly resisting hands.

  “Hanse Banner, you’ve cheated me!
You’re dying!” he cried.

  The sheriff caught him and eased him
to the floor.

  “Hanse Banner? JVIary’s brother?”
gasped Laws as he ran behind the counter,
uncertain what to do.

  “No-good brother,” mumbled Banner.

  “He robbed the Kansas-Pacific single-
handed,” said the sheriff.

  “Oh, my God! Here eomes Mary—my
wife, his sister,” groaned Laws.

  Banner made a supreme effort.

  “I’m dying,” he told the sheriff’.
“You’ve got the loot I dropped. Have
pity for my sister.”

  Mary Laws came through the doorway
and opened her mouth to shriek; then she
discovered her husband.

  “Your brother Hanse took the fight
away from me,” he told her, and he led her
around the counter.

  She gave a little cry as she beheld
Hanse. Then she was on her knees and
lifting his head to her lap—

  “My little brother, my little brother,”
she moaned as she bent over him.

  His mouth twisted in a little smile, as
he recognized his sister.

  “Just dropped in behind some skunks.
Reckoned I’d help you folks out, after
hearing what they come for. Glad to
help a bit. But you was always right,
Mary— L’arn ’em to ’suit my sister—•
There’s a time to go—” And he was gone,
with the whimsical, twisted smile deceiv-
ing them for a few moments.

  Leaving the girl with her dead, Laws
took the sheriff aside and whispered
rapidly. The officer listened with no ex-
pression on his craggy face. He could
have informed Laws that his brother-in-
law, dead or alive, was worth five thou-
sand dollars to the Kansas-Pacific. When
Laws had finished, the sheriff returned to
the girl and, awkwardly twiddling his big
hat in his fingers, he told her:

  “Your brother, ma’am, had fighting-
guts. He was a brave man. Trifle care-
less’n reckless, but nothing to hurt. A
straight-shootin’, brave man. We thought
a heap of him up on the Kansas an’
Pacific, ma’am. The boys will be sorry he
pegged out this way.”

  “He was a good brother,” she sobbed.
“He sent the storekeeper to hide me.
Then he came in here, waited, and fought
them all alone.”

  “Nerviest damn play* I ever see,
ma’am,” mumbled the sheriff. “He was
a dead-game, wholesome lad. The boys
up on the Kansas an’ Pacific line will sure
miss him.”

  He motioned for Laws to follow him,
as he backed to the front door. And he
whispered:

  “I’ve got to rustle round right smart
an’ tear down the reward-notices I put
up. If you take her back East at once
she’ll never know how that young hellion
has pestered me.”
Rodeo

%

BY W. C.

FIRST steer ri-i-ider, Joe Camnetti!
Joe—nossir, he’s one of the local
Jewish boys. Ho-o-old fast! Whap! No,
he don’t qualify, except as a high-diver.
Look at the cowboy with the pretty shirt!
That’s all it takes to make a cowboy these
days—gaudy shirts.

  “Buck Brady! Look at that Swede
ride! No, he didn’t fall off; he tried to
save his hat. Ha, ha, ha, ha, ha! No,
he’ll be all right. Rudder twisted a little,
tha’sall. Makes him go sideways. The
next ri-i-i-ider is Jimmy Gomez, the
German mark. A black steer from Ore-
gon! Qualify? What do yuh want him to
do? You try it, brother.

  “Yes, ma’am—plenty dust. Relay race?
Not today. No, ma’am. All steer and
bronc ridin’ today. Next ri-i-i-ider is
Sam Pope. Not any relation, ma’am.
This’n’s got a vacuum. Best rider of the
two, though. Bo-o-o-oy, howdy! He’ll
qualify.

  “That man with the flat hat? Oh, he’s
the S. P. C. A. Fact. He’s out here to see
that we don’t hurt no dumb brutes. Yuh
didn’t see him make any charges agin’
that blue steer that walked all over
Camnetti, didja? Who ain’t dumb—Joe?
Rides steers, don’t he?

  “Ladee-e-e-es and gentl’mei ! The
next e-vent on this program is the bronc
ridin’! The first ri-i-i-ider will be Happy
Day on Tumbleweed. Ha-a-a-appy Day
on— Yes ma’am, he’s a buckin’ horse.
No, he won’t come through the fence.
Git away from that chute! Whooee-e-e-e!
Rake’m, cow-boy!

  “Yes ma’am, he reached for the apple
and came up with a handful of dirt. No,
ma’am, he ain’t hurt—he’s too tired to
walk off. Yessir, a parachute would ’a’
helped. Next ri-i-ider will be Hennery
Simpson on Rollin’ Stone. Yes ma’am,
another horse. Hello, Willyum! Why
ain’tcha ridin’? No? Some of you fellers

TUTTLE

are gettin’ temper’ mentil, ain’tcha?
How’s all yore folks, Andy? That yore
wife with yuh? Hello, Mrs. Smith. You
folks still livin’ together? Oh, I see; Andy
ain’t got into pitchers yet. Ha, ha, ha,
ha!

  “No, ma’am; Hennery didn’t do so well.
He ort to have a Shetland pony to
practise on. Hey! Who’s that fancy
rider goin’ over the gate? Oscar what?
Blair? Oh, yeah. Next ri-i-i-ider is
Oscar Blair on Rockin’ Moon. There
goes Oscar! Ride’m, bo-o-o-oy! Don’t
sit—ride! Use yore spurs. No, ma’am,
he don’t qualify. Gotta rake ’em to
qualify. They ain’t got no rake? That’s
right. I’ll speak to ’em about that.

  “Next rider is Tom Wilson on Tequila.
Sounds like a temperance lecture. Yes’m,
he’s that high-pocket person with the
baby-blue shirt. He’s a tough hombre.
Killed a man in Texas. Ran over him
with a mowin’ machine. Ha, ha, ha, ha!
No, ma’am, there ain’t a man qualified
today—yet. Yuh can’t qualify if yuh
don’t stay on, can yuh?

  “To-o-o-om WTilson on Tequila! Let’s
go-o-o-o-o! There’s a bucker! Climb the
moon, bronc! Rake’m, Tommy! Rake
’em! Use yore feet. In the shoulders!
The shoulders, Tom! Them two humps
jist ahead of yore feet! A-a-a-a-w,
pshaw!

  “No, ma’am, he didn’t. Good rider?
Yes’m—morally. Was I pullin’ for him?
Shore was. Look at that shirt he’s
wearin’. I didn’t want it. No, ma’am,
there ain’t no good riders left. They’re all
gettin’ so short-legged that we’ll have to
breed stock that have got their shoulders
four feet nearer their rump.

  “Ladee-e-e-e-es and gentl’men! Next
e-event will be the steer wrasslin’. Yes’m,
there’ll be dust—plenty. No, ma’am;
nobody will git hurt—not even the
S. P. C. A.”
A Wastrel at the Wheel

By ROY SNIDER

TWO SCORE Great Lakes mariners,
mostly masters and mates, were
congregated in Durkee’s barroom
at Oswego, New York.

  The trade of the place was brisk and
noisy. The mariners were jubilant.

  A prolonged strike of American coal
miners had ended. Trainloads of anthra-
cite were on the way to Oswego. Before
noon of the next day the first of the
trains would be switched on the elevated
tracks of the terminal trestles and, shortly
thereafter, coal would be pouring into the
holds of waiting schooners.

  Thirty vessels had lain in the harbor
for days—some of them for weeks—wait-
ing for cargoes. A coal famine prevailed
throughout the neighboring Province of
Ontario. A Canadian fuel-distributing
corporation had offered a reward of five
hundred dollars for the first shipload of
coal to be brought into Toronto harbor,
and the Toronto city council had dupli-
cated the offer.

  At that time the port of Toronto was
the center of Canada’s lakewise shipping
interests.

  The dual bonus was to be awarded to
the officers and crew of the first vessel
coming into port with a coal cargo of
three hundred tons or more. Every Lake
Ontario skipper, not otherwise bound by
non-evadable charter, purposed to carry
coal to Toronto, and the prospective
westward racing of the coalfleet promised
to be spectacular and epochal.

  The big schooner Speedwell, a “three-
an’ after”—in lake parlance—Gill McGill,
master, was first at the O & W trestle and
scarcely could be prevented from being
first to load. Conscienceless masters and
mates had arranged in their own way to
prevent the Speedwell's being first to enter
Toronto harbor.

  Gill McGill’s mate, Athol Owen, was
helplessly drunk and effectively stowed

   Cockney

 away in a cellar, whence he could not es-
 cape until certain paid and instructed per-
 sons allowed him to do so. The Speed-
 toelVs forward crew had been enticed from
 their ship and copiously plied with the
 beverages which they loved. Gill McGill
 and his cook were the only survivors of
 the raid on the schooner’s complement.

 INTO Durkee’s place came “Cockney”
 Joe, reputed remittance man and
 wastrel. He convoyed a whisky-wrecked
 derelict.

   According to prevailing and erroneous
 Great Lakes custom, Joe had been nick-
 named “Cockney” simply because he
 was an Englishman, although the place
 of his birth was leagues beyond the sound
 of Bow Bells and his early environment
 had been vastly different from that of the
 Cockney proper.

   Joe piloted his dilapidated consort to
 Durkee’s bar. The consort’s bloodshot
of a Great Lakes Schooner

i

Joe, R. N

 eyes were set in an unseeing stare. His
 lower jaw hung slack, and saliva drooled
 from his mouth. His face bore a ghastly,
 bluish hue. His body was a-quiver with
 jerky tremors.

 Joe laid a twenty-five cent piece on the
 bar. The bartender glanced at it, then
 took appraisive survey of the derelict.

 “Two?” he asked Joe shortly.

 Joe nodded.

“Both of ’em for my friend, here,”
he said. “He looks to me a bit off his
game.”

 “I certainly believe you’re right,” the
 barman retorted with mock -gravity.
 “In fact, I’m sure you are.”

 He set out a bottle and glasses. Joe
 poured a two-ounce glass full of whisky
 and, with a bestial sort of eagerness, the
 consort derelict essayed to take it. His
 outstretched hand jerked and trembled
 violently.

 “Steady on,” Joe adjured him, “you’ll

 spill the grizzly stuff and there’s precious
 little of it for you. Hold hard now and
 I’ll fix you up.”

  He removed his scarf and passed it half
around his companion’s neck, so that the
ends hung down over the derelict’s chest.
Then he guided the wreck’s shaky hands
to grips on the ends of the scarf and placed
the glass of whisky in his right hand.

  “Steady does it,” he said cheerfully.
“Pull on the kercher with your left and
it’ll brace your right till you get it to your
mouth.”

  He bore gently on the other’s lefthand.
The derelict pulled shakily at the scarf,
and his right hand, clutching the glass
of whisky, rose unsteadily to his mouth.
The glass rattled hideously against the
teeth as he gulped its contents.

  “Hits right spot,” the derelict mumbled
thickly. “Feelin’ tough.”

  “Ain’t you dry, Joe?” the bartender
asked mockingly, after he had rung up
Joe’s quarter-dollar in the cash register.

  “Dry,” Joe repeated tragically. “I
know you’re joking, old chap; but isn’t
that just a little thick?”

  The bartender grinned and pushed
bottle and glass toward Joe.

  “Help yourself,” he chuckled. “It
beats me how a man that likes booze as
well as you do can shoot his last two bits
on somebody else. I don’t guess you
ever bummed a drink in your life, nor run
your face on the stren’th of that money
you get every three months.”

  For twenty seconds Cockney Joe
looked steadily into the barman’s eyes.

  “I don’t believe I ever shall,” he said
quietly. “Here’s health.”

  He swallowed two ounces of far from
mellow whisky without blinking.

ETER CONNORS entered Durkee’s
barroom—grouty, wealthy, bony old
Peter Connors, whose individual ship-
holdings were said to be more extensive
than those of any other owner on the
Great Lakes.
60

ROY SNIDER

  Peter’s shipping and forwarding in-
terests were of huge extent. Responsible
agents represented him in every worth-
while port from the head of the lakes to
Prince Edward Island. His headquarters
office was at Toronto. Business had
called him to Oswego.

  The Speedwell was the only Connors
ship in the harbor.

  Old Peter halted inside the doors of
Durkee’s place and looked about. Every
one of the assembled mariners met his
gaze without hesitation and apparently
without emotion.

  They were tough-bitted, graceless ruf-
fians, all fighting men and all superbly
self-reliant and capable.

  Peter Connors knew that his status as
ship-owner and capitalist weighed but
lightly with them, that they gaged his
worth by their own standards and classed
him a “good” man because he had proven
himself as capable in his own sphere as
the best of them had in theirs.

  He would have trusted any one of them
with the charge of his most valuable ship
and a ten-thousand dollar cargo, knowing
that only through an act of Providence
would the man fail to serve him faithfully
and well. He appreciated the mariners at
their full and proper worth.

  To business associates, who had de-
cried the lakesmen’s characteristic row-
dyisms, he had said:

  “No better breed of men ever hap-
pened. Such as they have made Great
Lakes commerce possible. It couldn’t
exist without them. What would Old
Pete Connors amount to without a pack
of hellions to sail his schooners for
him?”

  As Old Peter stood surveying the lakes-
men in Durkee’s place, his mouth twisted
into a grim, tight-lipped smile.

  “You’ve put one trick across,” he ad-
dressed the assemblage dryly. “The first
drink’s on me. Liquor up!”

  Chuckling, jesting, slapping one an-
other’s brawny backs, the mariners
crowded to the bar. Cockney Joe moved
away to give them room and urged his
trembly consort away also.

  Skippers and mates drank to Mr. Con-
nors, wishing him “good luck,” “fur-on-
the-chest,” “happy days” and sundry
other turns of fortune. Old Peter smiled
and drank with them.

  “Come and bend your elbow,” he called
to Cockney Joe, after he had paid for the
round of drinks.

  Joe lounged to a place at the bar beside
the ship-owner. “Thanks, awfully, Mr.
Connors,” he drawled. “I’m a bit off my
game and I thought I’d lay off the stuff
for awhile. Thanks just the same.”

  “Busted, are you?” Peter Connors
asked bluntly. “Well, how about a small
loan for thirty days and your I. O. U. for
it? I’m fairly flush myself.”

  “Very decent of you, and no end handy
for me,” Joe replied. “Fact is, I’m a bit
short of tin.”

  He accepted two of the five silver dol-
lars which Peter Connors offered him.

  “This’ll see me over nicely,” he stated;
then he hastily scribbled an I. O. U. and
handed it to the ship-owner.

  Financed to “buy his turn,” he ordered
a drink.

  The whisky-vanquished derelict had
slumped to the floor when Cockney Joe
left him and now lay inert.

  “Friend of mine,” Joe informed Peter
Connors, nodding toward the sprawled
figure. “Been hitting the stuff too long
and too strong. I’m going to take him to
the ghastly police and have them look
after him. He’s about to have the
willies.”

  Peter Connors glanced at the recum-
bent one.

   “I’ll attend to it,” he said shortly.

  “Hey, Durkee,” he called to the pro-
prietor of the saloon, “call the police
ambulance for that chap on the floor.
He’ll be snakey when he wakes up again.”

  “Right, Mr. Connors,” Durkee an-
swered promptly. “I been so busy I
didn’t notice him.”

  Old Peter Connors turned to Cockney
Joe.

  “I’m looking for a crew for the Speed-
well,” he said in a voice loud enough for
any one in the place to hear. “How about
COCKNEY JOE, R. N.

61

throwing your bag aboard for the run to
Toronto?”

  “Suits me nicely,” Joe replied. “Fact
is I’m about due at Toronto. I’ll have a
bit of business to attend to there. A let-
ter from across the way is coming.”
He inclined his head toward the east to
indicate the direction of across the way.

  “As to a bag, I’m traveling a bit light.
Mayn’t need more than I’m standin’ in.
It’s only a day and a night to Toronto in
a decently good fair wind.”

  Listening mariners nudged one an-
other. Some of them chuckled. Peter
Connors gave them no heed.

  “You might try and get some more men
for the Speedwell,” he told Joe. “She’s
lost her mate and all her forward crowd.
There’s only the Old Man and the cook
left aboard.” Then he added with de-
liberate emphasis, “She’s going to take the
first coal into Toronto and collect that
thousand-dollar bonus that’s offered.”
The mariners laughed outright, as
Peter had known full well they would.
The confines of the barroom roared with
the volume of their jeers and guffaws.

THE FINAL, ten-ton draught of a
seven - hundred - ton cargo rattled
down the loading chute and into the
Speedwell’s hold. A tug lay alongside the
schooner, ready to move her away from
the dock.

 Cockney Joe and four nondescript
vagabonds stood about the Speedwell's
deck. Joe had recruited the vagabonds
by way of a crew, or rather one of them
had accosted him on the dock, expressed
a willingness to “go sailin’ ” and volun-
teered to induce the other three to ac-
company him, which Joe considered a
stroke of good fortune.

  A little, scow-built schooner warped
alongside the Speedwell, forward of the tug.
Her master came on board the larger vessel.

  “Say, Cap’n,” he addressed Gill Mc-
Gill, “would it be all right for me to tow
out with yuh? It’s kind of hard gittin’
out of here in a nor’east breeze, an’ Billy
Ferris, here, on the tug, he says he’ll put
me clear of the piers for a dollar if I tow

alongside of you. He’ll charge me five if
he tows me out alone. Do yuh mind if
I go out with yuh?”

  Gill McGill’s mind was occupied with
other matters. He only partly compre-
hended the man’s request.

  “All right,” he answered shortly;
then he called to Cockney Joe, “Start the
mizzen.”

  The covers of the sails already had been
removed and the gaskets had been cast
off. Cockney Joe led the vagabonds aft.
Half a dozen sailors leaped on board the
Speedtvell from the dock.

  “All right, Cap’n,” one of them sang
out, “we’ll help you make canvas as you
tow out, and come back on the tug.”

  “That’s the ticket, boys,” one of the
schooner masters standing on the dock
called out approvingly. “Get under way,
Gill, and give the rest of us a chance to
load.”

  Men were already casting off the
Speedwell's mooring lines. The six volun-
teer sailors went strenuously to work,
making canvas. A bell clanged in the
tug’s engine-room. The Speedwell moved
away from the dock.

  Clear of the harbor pier-ends, with all
her lower cloth set and the gaff topsails
out of stops, the big schooner, heeling to
a fresh northeast wind, commenced to
pick up her way.

  The tug’s engine slowed. One of'the
six sailors cast off her stern line and
jumped aboard with his companions.
Cockney Joe let go the tug’s bow line.
Gill McGill was at the schooner’s wheel.
The four vagabonds rushed forward, cast
off the lines of the scow-schooner and,
with derisive yells, leaped to the smaller
vessel’s deck. The six sailors on board
the tug roared jeering laughter.

  Cockney Joe walked aft along the lee
alleyway.

  “It looks as though the blighters in-
tended to desert when they joined us,
sir,” he remarked in a slightly nettled
tone to Gill McGill. “No doubt those
moldy chaps ashore put them up to it.
It’ll be a bit stiff for the two of us to sail
her to Toronto, what?”
62

ROY SNIDER

  Gill McGill stared at him wide-eyed.
“Sail her to Toronto!” he repeated,
“my awful gosh, man, you’re crazy as a
hellgramite.”

  “A—quite likely,” Joe retorted. “In
fact, I must be. And as I was about to
say, those worms who put up the putrid
game on you would be no end bashed if
you should sail her up the lake in spite of
them.”

  With her engine turning at half speed
the tug held her forward way close to the
schooner’s weather quarter, the grinning
tug-master ready to come alongside again
to tow the Speedwell back to harbor, as
soon as he should receive the hail of dis-
tress which he felt assured Gill McGill
must utter. The treacherous little scow-
schooner was already bearing away for
the harbor-mouth.

  For a moment Gill McGill stared, non-
plussed, at Cockney Joe; then with his
right hand he smote his chest mightily.

  “By the pawls of Satan’s patent
winch,” he yelled, “we’ll do it! Blast
their stinkin’ souls, we’ll show them!
Here, take the wheel a minute while I
tell them yellow, hound-hatched scum
what I think of them.”

  He relinquished the wheel to Joe and
stepped to the quarter rail to deliver an
oration that stung even the superlatively
callous sensibilities of the tug’s crew and
the six sailors.

  While yet he reviled and denounced, the
Speedwell's cook came on deck. He was a
plump, middle-aged negro with a peg
leg. He stumped to the lee rail and peered
overboard.

  “Hey!” he shouted, turning his face
toward the quarter deck. “ You’s a dam-
fool captain an’ a drinkin’ English bum.
I’m swimmin’ back to Oswego while the
swimmin’s good an’ safe.”

  Forthwith he vaulted over the rail and
plunged into the lake.

  “Captain, excuse my interrupting you,”
Cockney Joe addressed Gill McGill.
“The lurid cook has deserted. I fancy the
perishin’ tug’ll pick him up.”

  Gill McGill’s profane oration ended at
once.

SETTING the schooner’s gaff topsails
was a slow but not particularly labori-
ous undertaking for one man. Passed
under thumb-cleats, the halyards, tacks
and sheets of the fore and maintopsails
were long enough to be carried to the
nigger-heads of the donkey-engine, which
performed a creditable job of hoisting and
sheeting home while Cockney Joe held
slack; and the expedient of preliminary
stopping of the gear with selvagee strops
facilitated the work of belaying.

  A “messenger” was employed to sup-
plement the lengths of the various units
of the mizzentopsail gear.

  When the vessel was finally under full
sail, Gill McGill held council with Cock-
ney Joe while he steered.

  “You’re an awful damn fool for gettin’
me into the notion of goin’ up the lake
so short-handed,” he asserted. “I’m a
considerably damder one for listenin’ to
yuh; but that’s neither here nor there,
now that we got started.”

  Joe nodded.

  “Quite likely,” he agreed, “and—a—
that bonus of two hundred quid’ll come
handy, don’t you think?”

  “That’s just the point,” said Gill Mc-
Gill, “but not in the way you might
think I mean.

  “I don’t rightly belong here on fresh
water. I started my goin’ to sea in the
United States Navy. I was bosun when
I left.”

  “Indeed!” Joe breathed politely.

  “These lake fellows don’t hardly con-
sider me one of themselves,” McGill con-
tinued. “I don’t mean that they’ve
got it in for me or anything like that.
They’d of put this lousy trick over on any-
body else that’d happened to be first at
the trestle, if they could, and thought
nothin’ of it. They’re a rough crowd, but
good-natured as hell when yuh know how
to take them. Nothin’ small or mean
about ’em. If we get this hooker into
Toronto ahead of them, they’ll honor us
for it, an’ be ready to lick anybody that
says a word against us.”

  “So will we,” said Cockney Joe. “In
fact, we’d have every right to.”
COCKNEY JOE, R. N.

63

  “We certainly would and would,” Gill
McGill agreed, “but it’d go wider an’
amount to more if it was to come out that
it was a Navy-trained man that done the
trick, an’ not just Gill McGill. Do you
get what I mean?”

  “I certainly do,” Cockney Joe asserted
warmly. “I say, now, that’s real cricket.”
McGill eyed him queerly.

  “I haven’t heard that word for a long
time,” he said. “Not since I was in the
United States sloop-of-war, Essex.”

  “The Essex!" Joe exclaimed. “I say,
were you at Ber—” He stopped abruptly.
A flush mounted his cheeks. “A—I—yes,
I believe I heard somewhere that you’d
served in the Essex. A very smart ship,
I’ve been told.”

  The steering of the schooner demanded
all of McGill’s attention for the ensuing
two or three minutes; when he had the
vessel steadied on her course, he looked
astern.

  “There’s three vessels leavin’ harbor
together,” he observed. “That’ll be the
Ella Merton, the Dolphin and the Arctic.
They’re loaded for Kingston, and won’t
bother us any. The next two’ll be bound
for Montreal, and the Emerald' 11 load at
the same time they do. She’s bound for
Toronto and she’s the one that we got
to look out for. We’ll on’y have an hour’s
start of her.”

  “This one has the heels of her, hasn’t
she?” Cockney Joe asked.

  “She has in a way,” McGill explained.
“With the wind abeam or full-an’-by, this
old girl’ll run away from any of ’em. The
Emerald’s got square canvas for’ard, you
know. Fores’l foretops’l an’ bat-wings.
In a followin’ wind that stuff pulls better
than any fore an’ aft sails do. Emerald’ 11
beat this lady, runnin’ free.”

THE Speedwell was eight miles out of
Oswego when the Emerald cleared.
Emerald was of about the same tonnage as
Speedwell. Besides her fore-and-aft fore-
sail and fore gaff topsail she carried a
supplementary square foresail and a big
single topsail with triangular bat-wings
set above it. In Great Lakes idiom she

was known as a “square three-and-after”;
and was of a type fairly common in the
Lake marine.

  The brisk, northeast breeze went down
w ith the sun, after carrying the Speedirell
westward to a point abreast of Charlotte,
New York, and about ten miles offshore.
For half an hour after sunset the vessel
barely held steerage wray; then the airs
petered out entirely and she lay be-
calmed.

  Little more than a mile astern of her,
the Emerald drifted under lazily flapping
cloth, while farther to the eastward
there were four schooners in a group and
two more in sight, hull down on the hori-
zon.

  “They’re strung out all the way from
here to Oswego by now,” Gill McGill
averred. “There’s five more that I know
of, waitin’ for coal at Charlotte. Lucky
for us that they didn’t get the railroads
haulin’ to Charlotte first. It’s half a day
closer to Toronto than Oswego is.”

  He was walking uneasily, back and
forth on the quarter.

  “Wind’s goin’ to the westward,” he
predicted. “If it holds off till midnight
it’ll blow hard. I hope to heck it don’t.
How could us two reef her if it was
breezin’ anyways stiff?”

  “It would be a bit awkward,” Cockney
Joe admitted, “but I fancy wre’d wangle it
somehow.” He looked appraisively aloft.
“Mightn’t it be just as wrell to snug her
down for it, in case w e do get a blow,” he
suggested.

  “Maybe it would,” McGill agreed.
“Let’s go to it.”

  While they were aloft, stowring the ga ff
topsails, they observed that the Emerald's
canvas was also in process of being short-
ened.

  “We ain’t makin’ no mistake,” Gill
McGill declared. “Old Sam Malcolm,
that sails the Emerald, is a wreather-wise
hound. He’s got considerable advantage
in havin’ a crew to get the rags on her
again when he needs them, though.”
After somewhat more than tw'o hour’s
hard work, the Speedwell's spread of sail
was reduced to forestaysail and reefed
64

ROY SNIDER

fore and mizzensails. Her mainsail had
been taken in and stowed.

  Gill McGill and Cockney Joe rested,
sitting on the cover of the after hatch.

  “We was talkin’ about that word
‘cricket’, Joe,” Gill McGill commenced
speaking. “When I was in the Essex, we
was at Bermuda one time and there was a
British man-o’-war on station there,
called the Thunderer. We figured we had
the crack cutter crew of the world in
the Essex, and the Thunderer’s crowd had
the same idea about a boat crew of theirs.
We never had a chance to prove which
was wrong until one day the Essex’ first
lootenant was goin’ ashore and so was the
Thunderer’s—they call it lefftenant in the
British navy.

  “Anyway, the Essex’ cutter, with it’s
crack crew, got away a little ahead of the
lime-juicers and rowed kind of slow for
them to catch up. When they was
abreast they went to it. Boys-o-boys!
How them two crews did yank their oars!
The two cox’ns was urgin’ them. Our
lootenant was kind of leanin’ forward, ex-
cited, and encouragin’ the boys. TheBrit-
ish lefftenant just sat there in his boat
as if he didn’t know there was anything
special goin’ on and wasn’t no ways inter-
ested, anyhow. Them two big boats was
fairly leapin’ out of the water at every
stroke of the oars. They rowed exactly
even for half a mile and then our Number
Two man’s oar broke—snapped clean off.

  “Now, ordinarily, you’d say that the
race was lost right there, because seven
ears hadn’t a ghost of a show against
eight. But, no sir; that English lefftenant
must of had eyes like a hawk and a mind
like a steel trap, because just the second
that that oar broke he snaps out at his
Number Two man—”

  “Toss oar, Number Two.”

  “That Number Two musta beenamind-
reader or somethin’; he had his oar tossed
the minute the officer spoke.

  “The Essex’ lootenant didn’t hardly
know what to make of it for a second or
two, but he was a quick-witted feller, and
he salutes that English chap. The lime-
juicer returns the salute and keeps on

lookin’ as if he wasn’t interested. The
cox’n of the Thunderer’s boat grins at ours
and says, ‘Cricket, what?’ ”

  Cockney Joe cleared his throat.

  “That was a grand go with the oars,”
he said enthusiastically. “I never saw—”
“We went alongside the landing stage
exactly even,” Gill McGill finished his
tale. “Neither one of them boat crews
was the best.”

  Joe arose from his sitting posture, went
to the side and drew a bucket of water
from which he drank copiously. When he
returned to the hatch, McGill stretched
out for a nap with a muttered suggestion
that Joe do likewise.

THE CALM prevailed for half the
night. Shortly after midnight the
wind came, strong and growling from the
westward. Close-hauled on her port tack,
the Speedwell lay over to it and forged
ahead, pointing northwest by west.

  The breeze rose quickly beyond half a
gale and kicked up a heavy lump of sea.

  In less than an hour a full gale blew and
the schooner went thrashing to windward,
carrying all the cloth she could comfort-
ably drag.

  She held her port tack until some tfme
after daylight, when the north shore of the
lake was in plain sight; then she went
about and stood away on her starboard
tack, her lee bulwarks buried and her for-
ward deck deluged with the water of
boarding seas.

  Hull down, astern and to leeward, an-
other vessel labored in the gale.

  “That’s the Emerald,” Gill McGill de-
clared. “She can’t begin to go to wind-
ward with this one nor stand the sea that
this one can. Sam Malcolm’U nose her
into shelter somewhere. We got a little
edge on him now.”

  McGill and Cockney Joe spelled each
other at the wheel and on deck watches
and managed to produce indifferently pal-
atable food in the galley. Both were
weary and in need of sleep.

  Joe spoke feelingly of the potent prop-
erties of the whisky of which he was de-
prived.
COCKNEY JOE, R. N.

65

  During the forenoon the wind abated
somewhat, hauled to the southwest and
headed the schooner off; then it swung
back to the west and breezed up again in
greater volume than before.

  When they picked up the south shore in
the afternoon, the Speedwell was making
rather bad weather of it and had com-
menced to leak.

  “Looks like we gotta run in somewhere
an’ ride it out,” Gill McGill admitted
morosely. “Maybe she’ll fetch Oak
Orchard.”

No other vessel was in sight on the lake.
“They’ve all got a bellyful of it,” he
averred. “They’d run back to Charlotte,

them that was to wind’ard of it, and others
has all ducked in somewhere. Emerald's
most likely headin’ for Charlotte right
now.”

  Cockney Joe rubbed his chin and
frowned.

  “It’d be a bit awkward for us to run in
for shelter anywhere, wouldn’t it?” he
said. “Port authorities would never let
us out again without a crew, which I’ll
wager we couldn’t get before the slitherin’
Emerald or some of the rest of them were
so far on their way to Toronto that we’d
be bally harmless.”

  McGill scowled and shrugged his shoul-
ders.

  “It seems to me I heard that you got a

new forestaysail when you were at Os-
wego,” Joe said, “and I believe you have
a mainstaysail that you tried a while back
and found was too unhandy. I’ve a no-
tion we might bend them on an’—”
“Bend ’em on for trys’ls and ride it out
hove to,” McGill interrupted jubilantly.
“Gosh! I never thought of that—an’ me
a deepwater man. We’ll rig the main-
stays’! instead of the fores’l and bend the
new forestays’l on the mizzen.”

It was gruelling work for two men.
Cockney Joe performed the greater por-
tion of the work; McGill, perforce, devo-
ting no small portion of his time to steering
and hoisting with the donkey-engine.

  The forestaysail was temporarily taken
in while the mizzen was lowered and the
new forestaysail, improvised as a storm
trysail, set in its place. The vessel fell off
under the urge of the forward trysail and
wallowed sickeningly in the trough of the
sea. She responded sluggishly to the pull
of the inadequate after trysail and took a
distressingly long time to come up. The
forestaysail was hoisted again, reefed to
balance the reduced after cloth. The
wheel was lashed hard over—and the
miracle was accomplished.

  The Speedwell rode comfortably, and
passably easily, four and a half points off
the wind, and with her canvas boarded
from the port side.

      CP^
Portr Hope

Ton onto

WESTERN

f\Z//\GARA

TilVE.

■ SrtcowccL's Plotted Cot/i

____ OJtvcco -roTonON-ro

tffcjr erA'omu, ‘/a /V

°F7vew roipy |
66

ROY SNIDER

  “By the holy rudder gudgeon!” Gill
McGill swore admiringly. “She’ll ratch
across the lake and fetch away to wind-
ward of where we went around on the
other tack.”

  Cockney Joe shook his head.

  “Sorry,” he said, “but I’m afraid she
won’t. ’S a fact that very few people
really understand the drift of a vessel,
hove to. She doesn’t make headway, as
you’d think. She doesn’t actually make
any sternway either, but she does go edg-
in’ off sidewise, and as she doesn’t lie dead
in the wind, she goes quarterin’ a little,
too. ’Specially one of these shallow-draft
lake craft. I believe they’re the only ves-
sels of their size in the world that have
center-boards.”

  McGill regarded him thoughtfully.
“Maybe they are,” he said, “and prob-
ably you’re right about the matter of
drift; but I’m darn sure of one thing; you
never learnt that on the lakes—nor in a
focsle either.”

  Joe laughed shortly.

  “No, I—a—didn’t learn it on the
lakes,” he said. “I—a—a fellow doesn’t
always remember just where he does pick
up these things.”

  Gill McGill smiled shrewdly.

  “In the British navy, f’r instance,” he
hinted. “Say,” he exclaimed on sudden
impulse, “I ain’t the kind to butt in on
any man’s private affairs, but I’ll put it
this way: The first lefftenant of the
Thunderer was a man named Travers.
The captain’s name was Otterby. They
didn’t get along at all. Otterby was mean
an’ dirty.

  “They was up at the Admiralty House
in Bermuda, at one of the official feeds,
both drinkin’ quite a lot, I’ve been told.
Captain Otterby said somethin’ rotten
about Travers’ sister. Done it purposely
to rile Travers, figurin’ that as he was
ranking officer, the lefftenant daren’t do
anything about it. But he was wrong.
Travers waded into him and give him the
beatin’ of his life, right there in Admiral-
ty House, before all the officers and high
mucky-mucks.

  “He done right. Otterby had it cornin’

to him. The lefftenant lost his commis-
sion over it—cashiered they call it. He
refused to apologize or explain or any-
thing else. Of course, I don’t know what
become of him afterwards. Anyway, that
Captain Otterby was a skunk.”

  Cockney Joe nodded.

  “He was all of that,” he said quietly.
“He was the only British officer I ever
knew that was moldy.”

  He turned away abruptly, walked for-
ward and busied himself with the coil of
the fore throat halyards. McGill watched
him thoughtfully.

  “I’ve been pretty dumb,” the Speed-
well’s skipper muttered to himself. “Been
tryin’ all along to think where I’d seen
him before. I guess I know who he is,
now, all right. Englishmen is mighty hard
to understand.”

  AFTER a spell at the pump, the two
A weary mariners rested, sitting once
more on the cover of the after hatch.

  “We’ll shake up some grub and then
take a snooze while the chance is good.”
Gill McGill proposed. “Lord knows we
need some sleep.”

  “And a nip,” Cockney Joe added
naively. “Fancy a man askin’ me yester-
day if I were dry.”

  McGill stepped to the forward doorway
of the cabin and paused with one foot on
the coaming. He commenced to speak,
with his head half-turned toward Joe.

  “You’d better—”

  The schooner lurched suddenly. Mc-
Gill swung sidewise, tripped over the
coaming and fell down the two companion
steps into the cabin.

  Joe sprang up and hurried to the door-
way.

  “Hurt?” he asked.

  McGill groaned, attempted to rise and
slumped back on the deck of the cabin.

  “My leg!” he gasped. “Feels like I
busted it.”

  His left leg was broken. The fracture
was below the knee.

  Cockney Joe exhibited a good working
knowledge of the proper manner of set-
ting, splinting, and bandaging a fractured
COCKNEY JOE, R. N.

67

limb, which appeared in no way to sur-
prize Gill McGill.

  “Navy way,” he muttered, when the
waning of the agony permitted coherent
utterance. “Officer has to learn how to
do everything.”

  “Too bad it happened just now,” Joe
commented briefly. “Rather awkward.
Annoying, in fact. We could do with a
little brandy, now. Set both of us right.”
Throughout the evening the gale blew
fiercely. Night came, and the god of the
west wind relaxed not.

  Joe kept fitful, all-around watch, taking
occasional spells at the pump, firing the
donkey’s boiler when necessary, observing
and calculating the vessel’s drift as best
he could. Between spells, he slept.

  At shortly after three o’clock in the
morning, he awakened from one of his cat-
naps, noted that the force of the gale was
unabated, tried the pump, shoveled coal
into the fire-box of the donkey and lay
down to sleep again.

  The hiss of steam, escaping from the
donkey boiler’s safety-valve awakened
him. The sun of a new day was half
above the horizon. Less than five miles
away over the port bow, Joe'saw the loom
of the Ontario shore line.

  “Wind’s shifted,” he exclaimed. “Corn-
in’ out of the no’th’ard.”

  The wind had swung to the north and
had abated to the proportions of half a
gale. A sea, already making from the
northward, was chopping across the great-
er run from the west.

  Joe closed the drafts of the donkey
boiler, saw that there was no lack of
water, then went aft and released the
wheel from its beckets. He slacked away
the mizzensheet. The schooner promptly
payed off and gathered forging way.

  Joe put the helm hard down and brought
her around on the starboard tack; then
he let the mizzensheet run off and, after
making it fast, went forward and eased
off the sheets of the forward trysail and
the forestaysail. Next he climbed out on
the horn and cast off the stops of the jibs.

  The Speedwell wallowed sluggishly into
the westerly sea, steering herself erratically.

  Cockney Joe returned inboard from the
jib-boom, went aft again and found a pair
of marine glasses.

  “I don’t know much about this blessed
shore,” he muttered to himself, “but may-
be I’ll have the luck to pick up something
in the way of a landmark that’ll put me
right.”

  Studying the shore line through the
glasses, he discovered, six or seven miles
to the northeast, a squat, wooden light-
house, and the piers of a harbor entrance.

  “That’ll be Port Hope,” he soliloquized.
“Hm-m! The old gal has done better
than I expected her to. I figured we’d
fetch ten miles farther down the frigid
lake. Not bad at all.”

  He awakened Gill McGill in his little
stateroom.

  “It’s after, daylight, Captain,” he re-
ported. “We’re about five miles off the
north shore and six or seven miles to the
west’ard of Port Hope. Wind’s died to
half a gale and shifted to the no’th’ard.
It’ll be well abaft the beam for the run to
Toronto. D’ye suppose, if I carry you on
deck an’ make you snug in a chair, you
could manage a go at the wheel while I
get the perishin’ canvas on ■her?”

  McGill regarded him with unfeigned
surprize. .

  “Off the north shore, above Port Hope?”
he pondered. “Why, say! She’d fetch
Port Hope harbor on her port tack from
here, wouldn’t she?”

  “I hardly think it,” Joe answered. “Be-
lieve she’d look more’n half a mile to
loo’ard of the piers, from here.”

  McGill emitted a grunt.

  “There’s nothin’ to stop us goin’ around
off the pier-ends, makin’ a short hitch in-
shore and reachin’ in on the next tack, is
there?” he demanded testily.

  “A—certainly not,” Joe admitted. “Do
you think you can manage a go at the
wheel?”

  When McGill was at the helm in as
comfortable a position as circumstances
permitted, Joe brought forth the glasses
for another survey of the shore line. What
he beheld caused him to shout:

  “Blast me! There’s a vessel coming out
68

ROY SNIDER

of Port Hope harbor under sail. A square
three-an’-after, as I live! It’s that dia-
bolical EmeraldHe turned to Gill
McGill. “Toronto, what?” he queried
laconically.

  McGill nodded.

  “Nothin’ else for it,” he said bruskly.

  Taking off the storm trysails and get-
ting up normal cloth while the schooner
rolled and wallowed in the cross sea was
an enormous job for Cockney Joe to un-
dertake, aided though he was by the
sturdy donkey-engine. When the final
unit of the lower canvas was set and draw-
ing properly, he was dripping perspira-
tion, breathing heavily and feeling rather
shaky in his legs. Gill McGill was gasp-
ing at the helm.

  The Emerald, under all her lower can-
vas, was less than two miles astern.

  “Kin yuh take ’er, Joe? It’s killin’
me,” the Speedwell’s master groaned.
“Gimme five minutes’ spell to catch my
wind.”

  Joe took the wheel.

  “W—wind’s lightin’ a little,” he panted.
“We’ll break out the tops’ls directly.”

MANNED by a full crew, the Emerald
had her upper cloth set and had re-
duced the distance between the two ves-
sels by half a mile before Joe got the
Speedwell’s kites spread. Thereafter the
Emerald came no closer.

  For hours the two vessels raced up the
lake, holding their respective positions
without change. Cockney Joe worked
heroically. Gill McGill endured agonies
in striving to be of assistance.

  The schooners were-abreast of the Scar-
boro Highlands, ten miles or so northeast
of Toronto, when the breeze commenced
to fall. The Speedwell was less than two
miles off the Eastern Channel piers of
Toronto harbor when the breeze left her
entirely.

  Light airs favored the Emerald for some
time longer, and she crept up to within
a quarter of a mile of the Speedwell before
she was becalmed.

  The schooners were flying their respec-
tive burgees, signaling for tugs. Three

tugs were coming out of Toronto harbor
under full steam.

  Gill McGill watched the oncoming tow-
boats through the glasses.

  “First one’s the Dauntless,” he an-
nounced. “She’s a Mathews Line tug,
same line as the Emerald. She’ll run past
us and pick up the Emerald, of coursc.
Next one’s the Cascade. She’s one of
Peter Connors’, and she’s damn sure to
come to us. The last one that’s cornin’
is the Frank Jackman, an independent.
I dunno what her skipper expects to do,
with two company tugs ahead of him.”

  The tugs came on speedily. The
Dauntless rushed past the Speedioell, a
hundred yards away, tons of disturbed
water piling about her bows, her wake a
foamy swirl. Less than a hundred feet
astern of her, raced the Cascade. Her
master signaled to Gill McGill, pointed to
Frank Jackman and gesticulated toward
the Dauntless.

  “I see what he’s up to,” McGill cried.
“He’s goin’ to keep the Dauntless away
from the Emerald until the Frank Jack-
man picks us up. There’s Old Pete Con-
nors on board the Jackman, and he’s got a
crew along with him to help us take her
in. Trust Old Pete every time.”

  The Dauntless came abreast of the
Emerald and swung in a half-circle to
come alongside. The Cascade’s master al-
tered his helm to bring his tug between
the Dauntless and her prospective convoy.
Then there ensued one of the “jockey-
ing” contests which were common to the
lake tugs of the period. The Cascade’s
master strove to keep the Dauntless away
from the Emerald. The skipper of the
Dauntless maneuvered to evade the Cas-
cade's interference.	J.'

  The Frank Jackman swung in a semi-
compass and came up on the Speedwell's
weather quarter. Old Peter Connors
scrambled on board the schooner while
Cockney Joe was taking the tug’s bow
line. Five sun-tanned stalwarts who were
grouped on the Jackman's forward deck
made no move to assist in any way.

  “These boys’ll come aboard and help
get the canvas off her as soon as you’re
COCKNEY JOE, R. N.

69

 through the piers,” Peter Connors
 shouted to Gill McGill, indicating the five
 stalwarts. “The bonus goes to the officers
 and crew, you know. Might be a hitch if
 anybody helped to bring her in. I’m
 payin’ these boys good an’ high. They’re
 all1 satisfied.”

    He was walking aft as he talked.

   “Gosh! What’s happened?” he cried,
 when he caught sight of McGill’s ban-
 daged leg.

    “Busted it,” Gill informed him briefly.
 “Joe set it. He brought the vessel up the
 lake alone. He’s a crackin’ good man,
 is Joe.”

   When the tug’s fines were fast, her
 skipper belled the engine “full ahead” and
 then whistled a signal to the Cascade’s
 master, who desisted from his interfering
 with the Dauntless and came steaming to-
 ward the Speedwell.

The Speedwell passed into Toronto har-
► bor, full twro hundred yards ahead of the
Emerald. As soon as she was through the
piers, the five stalwarts came on board
and turned to taking in canvas.

   Immediately after the schooner was
 docked, Cockney Joe approached Peter
 Connors.

   “If you wouldn’t mind, Mr. Connors,
 I’d like to have a little advance. Five dol-
 lars’ll do me nicely. I want to go
 ashore for a drink an’ a mug-up, an’
 maybe a couple more drinks an’ a bit of
 food.”

   Peter Connors gave him five dollars
 without comment.

   “Thanks awfully,” Cockney Joe said
 hastily. “Look for me back inside an
 hour.” Forthwith he hurried ashore.

    Old Peter sighed and shook his head.

    “Funny sort of duck,” he muttered.

    In the seclusion of the Speedwell’s cabin,
  Gill McGill talked long and earnestly with
  Peter Connors, and the subject of his
  discourse was Joe.

    Peter Connors listened attentively, oc-
 casionally nodding or shaking his head or
 uttering a word of comment.

    “I read about the affair,” he said, when
  Gill had had his say. “I remember seeing
  the picture with the caption, ‘First Lieu-

 tenant Joseph Beverly Travers, R. N.’

I never guessed that it was Cockney Joe,
although I’ve often wondered who he
really is. That Captain Otterby, of the
Thunderer was an out and out no-gooder.”
“He was all of that and worse.” Gill
McGill asserted.

  “Anyway, Joe is a linging good sailor
and a whole man, and we’ll get him
squared away again to another start. He
deserves it,” Old Peter Connors declared.

OCKNEY JOE returned to the
Speedwell in exuberant mood, bathed,
barbered, fed to repletion and plainly
stimulated by whisky.

  “We’ve just been talking about you,
Joe,” Peter Connors announced ab-
ruptly. “You can have the mate’s berth
in this vessel.”

  Joe rubbed his chin and evinced embar-
rassment.

  “A—it’s kind of you, Mr. Connors. I
appreciate it awfully,” he said.

  “But you know, I’m a bit of a drifter—
rather lazy, in fact. I like to loaf about
and—a—do as I please. Don’t care for
responsibility and all that. I saved a bit
of money, at one time, you know; and
came into a little when my uncle passed
out. Bought an annuity, a hundred an’
fifty pounds a year, cut up in quarters to
make it handy. With that an’ what little
work I do, I get along quite cozy.”

  He paused, noting the skeptically
tolerant looks with which his hearers re-
garded him.

  “I—a haven’t a mate’s license,” he
ended somewhat lamely.

  “Do you think you’d have much trouble
getting one?” Peter Connors inquired
with mild sarcasm.

  “Possibly not,” said Cockney Joe.
“Never thought much about it, but I be-
lieve I might wangle it. My discharge
from the navy might help. I rated quar-
termaster when I left.”

  “You rated what?” Peter Connors and
Gill McGill cried in chorus.

  “Quartermaster,” Joe repeated. “War-
spite was my last ship. Captain Suther-
lawn, retired now.”
70

ROY SNIDER

  He addressed an amiable remark to
Gill McGill.

  “I was no end int’rested when you told
about the old Essex and the Thunderer's
cutter crew. The Thunderer's chaps
rowed a tie with the War spite's crack crew
at the fleet regatta just a while before
that. I cox’d the War spite's boat. All I
could do to keep from cutting in and tell-
ing you about it. Almost did, in fact;
but, of course, it wouldn’t have been
sportin’ to have spoilt your yarn like
that.”

  Gill McGill and Old Peter Connors re-
garded him dumbly. Both knew that the
man they called Cockney Joe was telling
and acting a great lie; and the heart of
each of them warmed to him strongly
because they understood why the man
was lying.

  After a pause, Old Peter Connors asked
deferentially—

  “Would you mind telling us who you
are?” He knew that he would not be
answered truthfully.

  “Why, not at all,” Cockney Joe re-
joined, with perfectly simulated mild sur-
prize at the form of the request, “Name’s
Blakely, as you know. I was born at
Chichester in Sussex. Went to school at
Saint Winnifred’s. My governor was a
solicitor. I started to read law with him,
but chucked it up and went to sea. I’m
an only son. My folks are all gone
now.”

  Ostensibly, enlightenment came to
him.

  “Oh, I say,” he exclaimed, “did you
gentlemen suppose that I was Lieutenant
Travers? My word! I’d have put you
right in a jiffy if I’d known. Never
imagined it, on my word of honor, though
I was a bit puzzled once, over something
that Captain McGill said to me. Went
away an’ messed about with the perishin’
throat halyards to try an’ get it clear in
my head what he meant.”

  Captain McGill indulged in a self-
deprecatory grimace.

  “What became of Lefftenant Travers?”
he asked uncomfortably.

  “He's plantin’ sugar at Barbados.

Doin’ very well at it,” Cockney Joe in-
formed him readily.

  Gill McGill’s mind failed to form a
thought for which he could find coherent
expression.

  Shrewd Old Peter Connors retained the
services of a legion of men. He knew all
sorts of all classes of men; and he knew,
as he looked- at Cockney Joe, that this
man could never be “squared away to a
new start.”

  “Joe,” he said slowly, “you’re a linging
good sailor, no matter what else you are
or have been; and you’re mate of the
Speedwell as soon as you want to be and
for as long as you want the berth.”

  “Thanks,” said Joe without great en-
thusiasm. “I’ll have a try at gettin’ a
lurid mate’s ticket. And now,” he ab-
ruptly switched to another subject of
consideration, “if you don’t mind, I’d like
to go ashore again to see about the draft
for this last quarter. . I'll remember the
little account, Mr. Connors, and a—
thanks awfully! Five dollars advance an'
the chit for two dollars at Oswego. ’By!”
When Cockney Joe had gone, Gill Mc-
Gill said dull}- to Old Peter Connors—
“He won’t draw a sober breath, now,
till he’s spent the last nickel of his remit-
tance money.

  “Isn’t it horrible! When they broke
him in the navy he went down so bad that
he doesn’t even want to get up again.
They smashed everything there was in
him.”

  Old Peter Connors shook his head.
“Nearly everything, but not quite,”
he amended. “There’s nothing on earth
that could effect his regard for the honor
of his name. If you crucified him for it,
he wouldn’t admit that he’s Lieutenant
Travers gone wrong.”

  McGill nodded.

  “You’re right,” he said. “It’s the first
time in my life that I ever admired a man
for telling a bare-faced lie.”

  They were silent for a minute or two;
then Old Peter Connors spoke softly:
“First Lieutenant Joseph B. Travers,
R. N., alias Cockney Joe. A gentleman
under either name!”
Adventure’s Abyssinian

EXPEDITION

By GORDON MacCREAGH

A FULL day’s trek brought
us to the end of this lake;

-by which I judge its
length to be twenty-five miles.

Here, living on top of a steep
slate shale outcrop, a natural
robber-baron fortress, was that
other German pioneer, the her-
mit who paid six dollars a year for his
labor.

  This was the man who did not want to
sell out. And no wonder—he has an es-
tate of some three square miles bordering
on the lake. During twenty years of
unremitting labor he has built for himself
—or rather has transplanted and grown
for himself—a six-mile corral of candela-
bra cactus. Thick, impermeable; a de-
fense against hyenas—or elephants—
and here he keeps his three hundred head
of cattle and a herd of ostriches.

  An astonishing sight is this green
mathematical square, subdivided into
smaller squares, seen from the top of the
robber roost. He has a windmill to draw
him water from the lake. He has coffee,

Notes
from the
field

or cotton, or whatever he
chooses to plant; and he plans
to build him a motor-truck
road to the railroad and so to
furnish butter to a starved me-
tropolis, where three hundred
Europeans yammer for it. He
talks, too, of an ice-house, and
fish from the lake for those hungry white
folks to whom a half-smoked and sun-
dried native catfish is a treat.

  With an old Schuetsen rifle he has
hunted the surrounding country just
about clean. His talk is of kudu on the
near-by hills and of various African “bok”
and “beeste” on the plain. But:

  “Let me see,” he says in reminiscence,
“that was in ’sixteen or ’seventeen when
that war was going on in Europe. Yes,
I killed the last hartbeeste in July of
’seventeen.”

  He reads Kant and Blavatsky, and he
embarks upon no journey or venture with-
out first consulting a Galla witch-doctor
on the omens. He was waiting for us. A
witch-woman had cast the stones for him

 71
72

GORDON MacCREAGH

and told him that white men were coming
and—unguessable even—a white woman.
So he had a great bowl of curdled milk
ready as a thirst-quencher for the guests.

  No, quite distinctly, he does not want
to sell. But, says he, wistfully, he might
consider a partner with a little capital for
that motor-truck.

  Here was exciting news about our
hippo. A river runs from this first lake
into the one which we had been aiming
for. A steep-sided stream ten miles long—
Bull-ullu, it is called by the Gallas, be-
cause it bubbles along, which means also
that it must therefore be shallow. Well,
our hippo had come up this waterway but
a few days ago to visit a lady acquaintance
of the upper lake, who had been moaning
mournfully for company for the past two
weeks; and he had only yesterday night
started back, warned without doubt by
the anu, the protective water spook that
looks after hippo interests. Yet if we
were to make an offering to the anu and
were to hurry, we might possibly be
lucky enough to catch the beast in the
shallows, of the river before he should get
to the deeper fastness of his own lake.

  Was it due to the cunning of the anu
or was it sheer native dumbness that de-
layed this information till it was too late
in the day to pull up stakes and start on
a long stalk down along the river bank?
Not till an hour before sundown did the
story come to us; which meant that
nagadis, even though we had driven them
with whips, would not have been loaded
and ready to start till two hours after
dark. So we were forced to lose that
chance and stay over night in camp.

  And that night all the hyenas that had
been wishing for the past few years that
they could get into that cactus corral
came and howled round our camp.
Which meant again that it was with a
train of raggedy, nervous mules and irri-
table nagadis that we made a late start
the next morning.

  We drew blank on the river—the anu
had worked well—and it was afternoon
again when we camped on the outskirts
of a Galla village at the point where the

Bulbullu ran into the lake, or rather a
mile and a half distant from the water’s
edge. For this was our hippo’s home
lake, the lake we had come so far to visit;
and a mile at least, so the natives said,
was the beast’s feeding range, and they
had learned to live well beyond that
limit.

  That information didn’t come until
late again, and it took the rest of the
afternoon to establish friendly relations
with the suspicious natives. It was nec-
essary first to send a boy with offers of
backshish, and to buyasmoked-blackened
earthen potful of the dirtiest sour milk
in the world from the ugliest old woman in
the village; and to consume all of it—to
prove our good-will, before we could get
down to small-talk with the men folks and,
what was important to us, with the local
hunter.

  Oh yes, he told us, the big gumare had
come home yesterday afternoon, splash-
ing through the shallow river like a herd
of cattle, and was now sleeping not far
from the river mouth. At dusk he would
come out to feed; and he, the hunter,
would show us exactly where if we would
first give him a backshish of five car-
tridges.

  Jim knew all about cartridge currency
and had brought along a big belt full.
These are cartridges made to fit the old
“Gras” rifles, of which there are so many
in the country—about .450 caliber they
look to be, and they pass as small change
at the rate of five or six to the Abyssinian
dollar in far-away places where money
will not be accepted under any circum-
stances. It does not matter that there
may not be any sort of a rifle in a commu-
nity spread over a day’s march in any
direction; these Gras cartridges are good
for a goat or three or four fowls or fifty
eggs—including some good ones—or a
great five-gallon pot of native beer,
apiece.

  An astute Greek gentleman in Addis
Abeba does a land-office business in
manufacturing this currency for cara-
vaneers. He buys up empty shells and
reprimes them and fills them with a fairly
ADVENTURE’S ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION

73

innocuous mixture of mud and saltpetre
and something that goes off with plenty
of noise—quite often—and he corks them
with a fat lead bullet; and there you are.

  The business is every bit as illegitimate
as liquor in the United States; so every-
body knows where to get them. And no-
body ever complains about the quality of
the product any more than a gentleman
would complain to his bootlegger. More-
over, these cartridges are not expected to
be used, but to be carried about maybe
for years, as money; nor can cartridges,
as the clever manufacturer explains, be
expected to improve with age.

  So there is never any comeback. And
anyway, they are quite as good as the
eggs that one buys with them.

  The hunter of Lake Abiata, then, for
two cartridges agreed to take us out along
the lake shore where this big hippo would
feed. And as soon as it began to get dark,
take us out he did. And he enjoined the
greatest caution upon us not to stumble,
not to let metal clink upon metal, above
all not to whisper, for the hearing of
hippos was very acute, and that of this
beast particularly so, and his temper
in proportion. One sound of us, one sniff
down wind, and he would charge with
great mouth agape as wide as a crocodile’s.

  With all this precaution, it was quite
dark by the time we began to reach the
lake shore. The moon would not be up
for an hour yet, and the dark was the
clammy mist of wide water spaces. We
stumbled along with a clatter that was
appalling in the stillness. Boots squeaked
like scurrying rats, cord riding-breeches
rasped leg against leg, rifle slings rattled
as if they were chains. With each new
noise we held our breaths and tingled,
expecting any moment to hear a roar and
to feel, rather than see, a huge bulk
hurtling toward us.

  Yet we survived. Till presently, sure
enough, directly in the path where the
cunning old hunter was leading us, three
dim shapes loomed ahead. By bending
low we could discern them against the
black gray of the skyline. One of them
must be our big bull. We halted to re-

gain our breaths, and lips to ear arranged
how we would shoot. We stalked by
inches now. Twenty feet close we must
get at the very least, for rifle sights were
not to be thought about; we would have
to shoot by the feel of the general di-
rection.

  Forty feet. Thirty feet. Twenty.
The beasts remained amazingly unsuspi-
cious. Almost tame. Five more feet.

  Then one of them lifted his head and
whinnied. The other two lifted theirs,
tossed their manes; and the three of them
trotted off with a clatter of hoofs on the
hard ground. Immediately whole flocks
of a pestiferous plover kind of bird that is
the bane of the African hunter rose and
screamed all round us till the night was
full of the jeering of imps of the nether
dark.

  The effect upon the keen and crafty
old native hunter was something beyond
a white man’s comprehension. He stated
with the calmness of conviction that the
birds were a sign; he could tell, from the
way they screamed, that the hippos were
out, feeding on the reed flats which we
knew existed half a mile to our left, where
the Bulbullu ran into the lake.

  We were not nearly so convinced.
But since we had come so far, we might
as well take the chance and hope for luck,
for it was a likely enough spot. So
thither we stumbled, and schooled our-
selves to the patience of stalking the
last hundred yards, and reached the river
unscathed. There we crouched, in painful
alertness, with straining eyes and ears,
while some diabolic night-bird piped a
piercing note of fretful inquietude.

  Till the souls of dead devils reincar-
nated in mosquito form drove us thence
in a frenzy of impotence. We cursed
them and the place and the armor-
plated hunter, and ran from there as fast
as the night and the dead stumps and
the thorn patches would allow.

  And then we heard our hippo, deep and
low out of the after dark, laughing at us.

  “Ho-ho-ho-ho ee-eeech ho-ho!"

  Sathanas himself deriding us out of the
pit.
74

GORDON MacCREAGH

 “Awaieopined the hunter wisely,
“it is the anu of this water who speaks
with gumare’s voice.”

THE anu of that water seemed in all
truth to be a powerful spirit and
well disposed to hippos, for during all our
stay at that lake never a hippo showed his
nose above water. Not even the far,
floating speck of nostril and ears that of-
fers the most difficult shot in the world
over heat-shimmery water. Though we
scoured the lake surface with an eight-
power Zeiss glass, we saw nothing. Not
even once.

  We fretted and cursed the unreliability
of native rumor. We called ourselves
fools for having come so far on an unsub-
stantiated story. Crafty and suspicious
though an old bull hippo might be, he
would have to come up to breathe
sometime, somewhere. And surely there
must be more than one hippo in the world.
If water were favorable for the support
of one, surely there must be others. Why
could we see nothing?

  Then came the excited yarn that our
hippo had eaten up a horse. This was
intriguing. Even a carnivorous outbreak
might be expected of a hippopotamus
that lived under the special protection of
a strong water-spirit. But that was only
the first telling of it. The story showed
an immediate tendency to grow according
to all the rules of African tradition, add-
ing several feet to the size of the animal
and a couple of native boys to the catas-
trophe. But with time and more than
human patience, careful inquiry and sift-
ing out of much shouting and chatter
elicited a fairly coherent story. It
seemed that farther still to the south
another river flowed into this Abiata,
from yet another lake known as the Hora-
uitu, the “brackish water;” that in the
Hora-uitu where white men never went,
hippos lived in vast herds; and that our
private hippo, the one we had come to
shoot, had fled up this other river to join
the herds there.

  How did they know? Because a pair
of frightened boys who had been watering

their horses in the river and swimming
with them had run screaming home to
their village and had reported that, as the
horses stood belly-deep in the water, a
huge bull hippo had come surging up the
river and had frightfully mauled an un-
fortunate horse that stood in its way, and
the horse was surely going to die. This
version remained fairly constant through
cross-questioning, so that it seemed that
something more or less like the story had
really happened.

  We, having set forth from afar to slay,
were beginning to be gripped by the
mighty hunter complex. Only blood
can appease that complex—blood with
its sequence of fiction about the length
of the chase and of the size and the cun-
ning and the ferocity of the ultimate
victim.

  Let me lay stress upon that word,
“beginning.” Only the preliminary stages
of the complex dominated us. Blood we
demanded. But we had not entered
even upon the common fisherman stage
of self-illusion. Splendid though it would
have been and soothing to our sense of
vanity, we couldn’t fool ourselves—the
most authentic-sounding native stories
notwithstanding—that this fabled mon-
ster was all one and the same hippo that
we were tracking down with relentless
determination.

  My own conviction is that natives—
that is to say, the more or less savage
dwellers of the bush and the jungle,
whether they be African or Asian or
South American—know infinitely less
about the beasts that surround them than
does the ordinarily observant white
man. Their knowledge about the ways
of animals is superstition and legend
rather than fact, and their information
about the whereabouts of game is always
unreliable.

  Only here and there a professional
hunter can be met with who knows the
beasts he hunts; and a good one knows
his beast personally, by individual mark-
ing and name. Though at that I have
had an expert Indian shikari tell me with
utmost conviction of the dealings of
ADVENTURE’S ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION

75

 sundry tigers with the local pot-bellied
 godlings and jungle imps.

    In this matter of our hippo we had a
 naively simple native hunter who knew
 very little more than the slightly more
 simple village folk, who knew nothing at*
 all. These tall spearmen were in many
 ways like the Zulus, a cattle-raising folk,
 more interested in their long-standing
 war with their neighbors of the hills, the
 Gouragis, and in their intertribal cow-
 rustling than in big game that, on account
 of their few old rifles and mud cartridges,
 they could regard as meat only in the
 luckiest circumstances.

   I believe that, rather than the one
 hippo leaving its mark all across country
 by its ferocity, all the older bulls in this
 region were savage on account of having
 been stung every now and then by a
 heavy slug from the rickety old rifle of
 some hopeful taker of long chances.
 I believe, too, that my theory is borne out
 by the extraordinary shyness of all game
 throughout that Galla country.

   The general impression of hippos is
 that they are great stupid beasts, so
 clumsy and helpless that it is hardly
 . sportsmanlike to shoot them. But that
 impression quite certainly did not fit
 the beasts in this district. We had been
 out more than a week in their actual
 habitat and we had not even seen one,
 though tracks left in the mud overnight
 showed that they had been out and well
 inland—“to inspect our camp,” the
 hunter said, “to see what kind of men
 we were who came to hunt.” His opinion
 seemed to be, too, that they didn’t think
 so very much of our potentialities, for
 otherwise they would have charged and
 stamped us flat.

   However, single monster of ferocity
 or several, the complex was upon us and
 blood must be shed. So we decided to
 break camp and go on another day’s
 trek to this Hora-uitu Lake to—we wished
 we might delude ourselves—to run down
 our quarry.

    But that was a hunt to be postponed.
 Hunting other than for sport or blood
 vengeance was more urgent—meat! And

in large quantities. The end of the Abys-
sinian Easter was upon us; and it is a fact
difficult of credence that nagadis, close
though they are to the beasts that perish,
maintain a rigorous fast during the whole
of what corresponds to our Lent. They
will eat only bread, anjera—a sort of un-
leavened sourdough—and shimbura, horse
grain, during that whole month; and
they will travel on this fare.

  But when the month of fast is over—
wow! It is once again fact difficult of
credence that one nagadi or boy will settle
himself back and consume half a sheep in
that twenty-four hours of holiday and
feasting. It is also immemorial custom
that on that day the master, Abyssinian
or foreigner, must declare a holiday and
provide meat to make it a worthy one,
and, if humanly possible, to provide
butter.

  The latter was easy. The Gallas live
almost entirely upon curdled milk and
butter with that anjera stuff. This would
sound like quite luxurious larder possi-
bilities, but let it be considered how
finicky we are in America about our
dairy products. Gallas have their own
prejudices and are just as “sot” about
them.

  To begin with, a cow must be milked
into a gourd purified by smoke. Wood
smoke will do—if one happens to be burn-
ing wood. But since wood, to be,burned,
must first be chopped up, and since cattle
chips are plentiful and require no labor,
wood fires are not frequent. And we all
know, even in the most effetely sanitary
modern apartment, what a fiendish
affinity milk has for absorbing each
separate delicate flavor out of a super-
clean porcelain ice-box.

  It might be supposed that a really en-
ergetic camvaneer, one who has not
yet passed the limit of human exasper-
ation and sunk into the hopless laissez
faire of African trekking, might strike
upon the happy thought of sitting around
until some Galla decided to milk his cow
and might then produce a nice aluminum
pot and some backshish and thus acquire
milk.
76

GORDON MacCREAGH

  There have been such caravaneers.
Foolish, impatient Americans who have
thought to change primitive custom with
common sense and the power of gold.
They have lost their illusions and have
become embittered cynics.

  Under no circumstances will a Galla
herdsman milk his cow into a “Frangi”
pot. Nor into any pot other than a gourd
that has been properly purified. Other-
wise his cow will die. It will cease to
give milk and will shrivel up and die.

  They know it because their wise men
have told them that this is so. And
when the impatient American has given
up trying to drink milk and has, in the
course of time, simmered down his exas-
peration, he recognizes that the wise men
are very wise indeed. For in just such
manner did Moses lay down his hygienic
law to his people.

  This acrid smoke cure, then, quite
probably has the effect of slaying the
lesser bacteria which would otherwise
infest a milk gourd that is just wiped out
rather than washed, because water is
scarce. But it doesn’t prevent butter
made of this purified milk from turning
rancid when stored in a large earthen
pot with a leaf over the top for a hermetic
seal.

  Gallas, however, like rancid, smoked-
cured butter. They like it so well that
they rub their bodies over with it as well
as eat it in lumps. One stalwart youth
appeared in our camp with the stuff
plastered over his hair in thick gobs and
beginning to melt and trickle down his
shoulders and limbs. The explanation of
this formality was :

  “Oh, he wants to get married, so he
has just killed his man back in the hills
there and he has come to show off and to
get a present.”

  So he got two mud cartridges and felt
that it was well worth while to kill a
man. I had it translated loudly that I
would pay a dollar’s worth of cartridges
to any brave youth who would kill me
one of our nagadis. But they thought I
was only joking.

  Upon an Easter holiday, however, past

offenses must be forgiven; nagadis as
well as camp boys must be fed. Both like
butter, whether they can purloin it from
master’s table or scoop it out a Galla pot.
Five more mud cartridges procured a
smoked-blackened pot containing about
two gallons of this sour mess. But meat
was the question.

  The local hunter assured us that harte-
beeste and Grant’s gazelle roamed in vast
herds, “thick as cattle,” and “just over
there—just beyond that belt of thorn
bush.” So we saddled up, Jim and I, and
took two extra pack-mules for all the meat
and rode just beyond that belt— And
continued riding for four hours before
we saw the first sign of any beast other
than cattle or goat.

  It was an hour more after that that we
suddenly flushed a pair of gazelles, a fe-
male and a young one, not fifty yards
from us in fairly thick bush. But they
saw us first and were up and off in a
flash, going with the speed of those beasts
that have only speed to rely upon for
their protection from leopards and hunt-
ing-dogs, and with that extraordinary
stiff-legged bounding gait that distin-
guishes Grant’s.

  Let some other mighty hunter who has
the complex badly tell how he can snap
up his rifle and shoot Grant’s gazelle
appearing and disappearing in red-brown
streaks through patches of bush. I
didn’t even try. But Jim said wisely:

  “Look, they’re circling. They’ll lead
us to the herd.”

  So we followed on foot. And sure
enough they did—in time. There was a
herd of about twenty feeding quietly and
traveling nicely up wind. Grant’s are
notoriously shy and difficult to shoot.
But we made a stalk for which I take un-
blushing credit. Up to a hundred and fifty
yards with a clear view. We picked our
animals and fired. I heard Jim’s voice
say—

  “Mine fell.”

  And I was so certain that I had a clear
and steady bead that I didn’t attempt
another rear-end shot. I watched to see
my buck fall too—and watched and
ADVENTURE’S ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION

77

watched, and had not even the satisfac-
tion of seeing it lag behind the rest. And
I had been talking to Jim about putting
a dollar on the shot!

  But Jim was magnanimous. All that
he said was:

  “One isn’t nearly enough for that
hungry gang. We’ll probably get an-
other chance. This is good country and
there must be more.”

  So I gave up looking for blood tracks,
and we spread out a little and tramped
for another hour through thorn bush.
A couple of hartebeeste saw us in good
time; and, in a patch of moisture, some-
thing with long ears that might have been
a reed buck. And then we saw Grant’s
again. I was closer, and I did not have
the decency to let Jim come up with me,
for he was one buck ahead. I started on
my stalk.

  Two hundred yards this time before
they began to be uneasy and move off.
So I found a quick rest over a low limb,
picked my beast and pressed evenly and
surely on the trigger. My victim de-
parted as fast as any of them. But an-
other buck, a good six feet away from it,
jumped high in the air as if something had
at least startled it. Jim, far behind me,
said no word but started running in a
diagonal direction toward the place
where the herd would probably circle; and
I was still looking for blood spoor when
I heard his distant shot.

  I hoped with all my heart that he had
missed. But presently I heard his
“Oo-oo-eeh!”—Jim is an ex-Australian—
and then I hoped it would be a measly
female.

  But it wasn’t. It was a fine buck with
a pair of horns a good match for the first.
Jim was still magnanimous. He said:
“It’s that damn patent peep-sight of
yours. I wouldn’t have one of those damn
things on any gun for a present. Give
me a good old square open-sight.”

  It was in vain that I explained to him
the lore of the modern peep-sight—that
through a peep, one did not have to look
for one’s game over a black bar of iron
and then center it; and at that, have half

of it concealed by the bar; that one saw
the whole of one’s target through a thin
circle whose proximity to the eye made a
semi-transparent blur of it; that the or-
thoptic properties of the peep eliminated
fifty per cent, of sun glare; that the
human eye naturally and without effort
sought the center of the blurred circle
and that all one then had to do was to
bring the front sight to bear on the de-
sired point—as easy as aiming a shot-
gun.

  But Jim would have none of it. An
open sight for him, and results were the
best arguments. We wrangled over it
all the way back to camp. But what
arguments could I produce against two
bucks?

  It was not till evening, when I was
cleaning my rifle and debating upon
whether to throw it into the lake or to
make a more useful implement out of it—
a kitchen poker—that I discovered one
more of the bright little ways of the
African boy.

  This Lyman .48 sight has, in addition
to the elevation adjustment, a wind-
gauge adjustment reading to minutes of
angle. One full revolution of the wind-
gauge screw to one “point” as on the
standard military rifle; and one quarter
revolution, marked by a click against
a spring tension, adjusts to one minute
of angle, the system adopted by all
modern expert riflemen—and by some
mighty hunters. One minute of angle
subtends one inch at a hundred yards;
two inches at two hundred yards, and so
on. There are ten points on the scale
to either side of center; that is to say,
forty minutes, or, reduced down to point
of impact at two hundred yards, eighty
inches.

  Well, one of the gun boys at some time
between the careful sighting in of the
rifle and this first actual shooting with it,
had noticed this nice little gadget on it,
this pleasing screw that he could twiddle
as he walked along. Accordingly, with
monkey perseverance, he had twiddled un-
til it went no farther, and then his mind
had wandered off to a contemplation of
78

GORDON MacCREAGH

nuts or juicy grubs or something, and so
he had left it.

  So that when I fired over a steady rest
at my buck at two hundred yards
range, my bullet went more than six feet
to the left of the heart of that buck.

  I could never find out which bright
boy had done it, so I have not his tanned
skin as a trophy. But that instituted my
rule number one of trekking, even as the
law of the Medes and Persians:

  “Always carry your rifle yourself.
No matter how hot it may be or how
heavy the rifle grows with each extra
hour, always carry it yourself. A gun-
boy, anyway, as has been witnessed by a
thousand African hunters, is always some-
where else when you need him to the very
urgency of life.

  And since then I have always carried
my rifle over my shoulder with a sling—
in spite of the fact that slings always rat-
tle when game is wariest. And I have
grown a callous on my left shoulder
thereby. But I have my gun when I
want it.

  All the'same, I still wonder why I
couldn’t have been lucky enough to hit
that other buck that jumped so high at
two hundred yards.

TO THE bitter-water, Hora-uitu, the
chase went; the long, stern chase
after the beast that we would have liked
to believe was fleeing before our determi-
nation; that we almost did believe, in
fact, for there was just enough plausi-
bility attached to the native assurances
to make it quite possible.

  The trail presently struck the river
and followed it; and right there, as the
native guide pointed out, were horses
bathing belly-deep in the stream to prove
the story. Probably the same group in
the same place, we suggested to the
native, and he assured us yes.

  It was a good trail. Wide spaces of
good grazing land with the Abyssinian
minimum of thorn bush—which means
scrub-trees not closer than thirty feet
logether; and another kind of tree at
last, a thing of green leaves and a green

fruit like an olive in shape and like hydro-
chloric acid in taste. But the natives
eat them; so do monkeys and birds.

  What swarms of birds! I had heard
that Abyssinia was an ornithologist’s
paradise; but I had never understood that
every bird was a new variety as well as a
little darting rainbow of its own. Steeped
in wonder and admiration of the Abys-
sinian birds, I have regretted that I am
not an ornithologist. All the coloring
that one has been accustomed to associ-
ating with parrots and humming birds,
one sees in these birds.

  I wept that I was as stupid as all the
rest of us and could place only hawks and
eagles and things; and orioles—at all
events, birds that wove their nests and
hung them upside down. There must
have been a dozen different kinds of
weavers, each with its different shape of
nest, some as straggly and untidy as
sparrows and some as neat as kinder-
gartens.

  And it was irresistibly noticeable that
the neat ones belonged to correspondingly
decorous builders; beautiful virtuous crea-
tures that hung upside down in their
doorways and chirruped to their innocu-
ous mates who sat above. While the’
untidy nests belong to others as painted
and fussy and loud and chattering as a
chorus of the Folies Bergeres.

  But this pretty dicky-bird dissertation
is out of place. We are mighty hunters
thirsting to shed blood. The Hora-uitu
turned out to be a magnificient piece of
water, with shelving shores free for four
and five miles at a stretch of that terrible
papyrus swamp that is such a hopeless
bar against all approach.

  And on the shelving shore, close to the
outflow of the river which was our hippo’s
highway, were great, round, three-toed
tracks—many of them; some small enough
to be mistaken for overtrodden cattle
spoor, some as big as dessert plates. And
one, fresh last night, a monster trail
that would have done credit to a sizable
elephant.

  Here were hippos at last. It seemed as
if this far lake was their sanctuary. Here
ADVENTURE’S ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION

79

surely would be our chance. We made
camp a good mile from that place, so that
no unseemly noises might disturb the
wary beasts. We fired no shots at ma-
rauding vultures or at the jackals that
began to slink around with sundown.
And then with the dusk we took our rifles
and two camp chairs and crept down to
the beach. It would be, possibly, a long
wait, but some time during that night
the beasts would come out to feed. And
then, if we waited, and did not lose our
heads, and remained very still, that mon-
ster bull would surely come too.

   A stiff breeze sprung up with the dark,
quartering across the lake toward us.
That was good—we permitted ourselves
a whispered congratulation—for keen
as was their sense of smell, they wouldn’t
get our scent. But the mosquitoes would
—and did.

  Gods of the chase, what droves of
mosquitoes! We sat on sandy lake shore,
but from the wet grass fringe behind us
they rose in their waves—merciless emis-
saries of those jealous Red Gods to test
our fortitude. And we set our teeth and
stuck it out; took it sitting still. We
dared not squirm or twist or slap, for we
heard them moving out there in the
dark, our hippos moving cautiously in-
shore.

  One grunted somewhere with the ven-
triloquistic effect of sound close to the
water’s surface; another one answered.
Quiet splashes indicated that bulky
bodies were heaving themselves up into
the shallows.

  And then one laughed. The deep
bass, satanic ho-ho-ho-ee-eecli-ho-ho that
we had heard once before. We wondered
why. Then a long silence. Then splash-
ing away to our right. The splashing
grew in volume and continued. We let
ourselves out and swore.

  For to the right, where the splashing
was, was the side from which the wind
blew off shore toward the water; and was,
moreover, on the other side of the river!
And there the splashing stayed.

  I have never understood this maneuver
of hippos; nor have I ever seen it men-

tioned by any writer on big game. Wo
could see nothing across there, for the sky
was overcast and the moon was a late and
•a thin one. But we could hear plainly
enough that many beasts were in shallow
water, about knee depth, I should say,
and that they apparently just stood and
shuffled about. They were not walking
in the shallows, for the noise remained in
one place. Nor were they feeding there
in a group, for later investigation showed
that to be a clean sand bottom bare of
reeds or lily roots or anything edible.

   There was plenty of fodder farther in-
shore—grass and equicetum reed—but
that was all well out of the water. This
splashing in the one place continued for
about two hours and then gradually re-
ceded along the shore, away from us.

  Then we went back to camp and be-
lieved everything we had heard about
anu spooks.

   We soothed our mosquito lacerations—
they were more than bites—and told
each other grimly that there would be
another night tomorrow.

   We had a boat, a novel invention called
an “Airaft,” which in fact it was—a vast
automobile tire built oblong and with a
bottom sewn in. One blew it up with a
pump and, presto, there was a shallow-
draft, bone-dry boat, easy to row or
paddle and capable of carrying two men
and a pile of baggage. The whole thing
deflated, in its canvas bag, measured
about fourteen inches by ten by six and
weighed about eleven pounds—quite the
most efficient thing of its kind I have ever
seen.

   We grinned as we inflated this boat the
next evening and quietly paddled across
the river. If those an (/-protected hippos
preferred that shore for their dance we
would be waiting for them. We were
prepared to find that the potent “gauro-
dian” spirits would see to it that the
night would be dark again; and we took
along modern white man’s inventions
that these anus would not know about.

   Jim had one of those “Justrite” hunt-
ers’ lamps, a carbide-burner that was
attached to the peak of a cap, somet hing
80

GORDON MacCREAGH

like a miner’s light, and ignited by a
spark from a flint and little wheel like a
cigar-lighter. No matches to fumble with
there; silence and sudden would be the
shaft of bright white light. I, to be pre-
pared in the event of separation, lashed
a flashlight to the forearm of my rifle,
where I could press my thumb on the
button with rifle held to shoulder, and
could see my front sight to perfection.
We tested both our cunning devices and
grinned at each other again.

  This night there was no wind. Good
again. Anything rather than an offshore
wind, though that made no difference to
the mosquitoes. Once again we paid the
price that the Red Gods demanded, and
we wondered, as we thought of malaria,
that the white man’s craft had not yet
devised some bug-deterrent of less pun-
gent and all-pervading odor than oil of
pennyroyal or citronella.

 Our reward came—in the course of
time. Let it be remembered that we
had to take up our positions behind bush-
es before dark and remain there without
moving till the wily beasts should decide
to come ashore. But they came along at
last. Gruntings and vast breathings and
low calls sounded from the lake. Ques-
tions to one another and doubtful as-
surances that everything seemed to be
all right. Then faint splashings. It was
amazing how silent such great beasts
could be.

  This night they didn’t dance in the
shallows. We had hoped they would.
With that noise going on, we might have
walked out and come who knows how
close. This time they came out to feed.
Softly, one by one, they heaved out of
the deeps and came ashore. By bending
low, we could just distinguish dim bulks
against the faint sheen of the water, and
then the blackness of the shore blotted
them out again.

  Presently we could hear squelchings in
the soft mud behind us and scrunchings
as of mowing-machines. • They were all
around us, somewhere in the dark. I re-
membered all the stories I had read of the
potential savagery of these beasts when

trapped at a disadvantage on shore; all
the authentic accounts of their attacks
upon boats and occasionally upon keepers
in zoos; all the tales that the Gallas had
told of the ferocity of these particular
brutes and their patent fear of them,
born of experience; and I felt a tingling
up and down my spine. And then Jim
helped to cheer the occasion by pressing
his lips to my ear and breathing—

  “My gosh, if one of them gets scared
and starts for the water he’ll run right
over us like a steamroller!”

  We decided mutually and without tell-
ing each other that it would be better to
move out nearer to the water where the
open sand strip would leave room to
dodge. We crept out, one foot feeling the
way for the next. A splash directly ahead
arrested us. We froze. Straining our
eyes, we made out a shadow looming in
front, a thickening of the blackness
against the less black water; an immen-
sity doubled in size by the hanging night-
mist. And not thirty feet away!

  I heard the faint drip of water as Jim
turned it on into the carbide. In a sec-
ond I caught the odor of the gas. Scrape,
went the spark wheel, and scrape again.
The black immensity snorted.

  “What the hell!” I heard Jim’s in-
furiated mutter.

  Scrape once more.

  Scrape-scrape-scr-r-rape! Damn! Not
a light!

  And here I hesitated to record the
blank truth, for it is not reasonably
credible. We had tested that light in the
afternoon. It had worked perfectly.
We had cleaned it and put in a new load.
And now, at this last critical moment, it
refused to function. The thing, taken
alone, is on the verge of excusable dis-
belief. But rank impossibility must be
piled upon the incredible. I raised my
rifle and pressed the button of my flash-
light. Blackness! Not a glimmer. Not
aglow. Darkness as dead as Topheth!

  And there the bulk snorted in front of
us.

  “Hell!” I shouted. “Shoot blind,
Jim!”
ADVENTURE’S ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION

81

  And we did. Both together, by the feel
of our guns at our shoulders.

  Who knows whether we hit anything?
Probably we didn’t. And even if we did,
we carried no elephant guns that might
hit heavy game almost anywhere and
stop it. All I know is that the brute be-
fore us snorted once and then was gone
in a surge of splashing like a locomotive
through a washout.

  In another second the soggy ground
quaked all about us, as at the snorting
rush of steamrollers plunging down grade
to the deeps. And we, so far from dodg-
ing, we stood frozen and quaked with the
ground.

  The hurtling splashing was a roar of
waters. It receded; its waves came back
and lapped up and down the beach. They
died away. The black lake surface be-
came silent. And then from out of the
black silence—

  ‘ ‘IIo-ho-ho-ee-eech ho-ho-ho-ho!”

  And further out again—
  “Ee-eech-hoh-hoh-hohl”

  And that is the plain unbelievable
truth exactly as it happened.

  No, it was not just ill luck. It was not
the cussedness of inanimate objects. It
was not the dampness of night moisture
collecting upon batteries or upon metal
hot from the day’s sun.

  It was the anu spirits of that Galla
lake.

  I am convinced that anu spooks are
live, malignant existences. If we had
stayed there any longer I’m sure I could
have surprized one some day and photo-
graphed it.

  But we didn’t stay. The chance of
shooting a hippo there after that fiasco
was minus nil to the n’th power. And the
Gallas, who knew about all these things,
came and told us that all those hippos,
and particularly our savage bull, would
forthwith make a long night trek, twenty
miles overland, back to the first lake, to
Zwai of the papyrus swamps, where a
European hunter of Addis Abeba had
told us no hippo were.

  So we broke laager and trekked too,

disgusted enough and pig-headed enough
  6

to hunt for a way over a mountain where
the Gallas said there was no way.

BUT THAT lake must go down in the
record as forgiven on account of its
birds. I can’t leave it without some small
comment on the birds. Waders and shore
runners there were by the battalion and
fleet. Anywhere else they would have
been interesting enough in their own little
comings and goings. But here they were
small stuff. Here amateur attention was
arrested by black and white ibises, pink
flamingos and great white pelicans; and
particularly by a splendid fish-eagle that
perched all day with aimless patience on
a low dead tree and screamed an an-
guished wah-hiu-hiu to a mate that never
came.

  But pelicans in their manifold ma-
neuvers were the daily wonder. The im-
mediate most noticeable thing about
pelicans is that, while so flat and splay-
footed and clumsy on land, the moment
they take to the water they become grace-
ful white yachts, maneuvering for a good
start, should a human come too close; and
on the wing they are smooth-gliding
planes of power and elegance. Close over
the surface of the water they will often
fly, a long fine of them—each one in the
exact wake of the other and each with the
same machine-like regularity of wing-
beat. Three strong, unhurried sweeps
and a long glide, five and a longer glide,
each wing-tip on the down stroke just
skimming the water and leaving a thin
ripple behind. When that happens
against the evening sun as the birds go
home to roost, one gasps with the delight
of it and weeps that cameras are, after
all, such inadequate, monotonic machines.

  Here let somebody rise and tell me
about the newest F: 1.9 lenses and “Erma-
nox” cameras and iso-chromo extra-rapid
plates with color filters. But let him try
to catch white birds and pearl gray water
and black-green reed reflections against a
pink sunset!

  An apparent playtime of pelicans seems
to be late afternoon when they fly high
and circle like questing vultures. And
82

GORDOX MacCREAGH

then they have a trick of disappearing
completely for minutes at a time and sud-
denly reappearing again—some queer
effect of the low-lying light and shadow,
but I’ve given up trying to explain it to
myself. Strong glasses can pick them
out, pale gray against a blue-gray sky;
but1to the naked eye they remain invisible,
till they wheel and appear suddenly like
a squadron of white aeroplanes at five
thousand feet, banking steeply to descend
in wide spirals, then zooming up again
on a strong wind. Perhaps some scientifico
knows why.

  A flock of pelicans fishing is an example
of cooperative labor that the natives
could do worse than copy. Let these wise
birds catch a school of small fry any-
where near the shore and they will collect
like a herring fleet and quickly organize
a drive. In a half circle, beating the
water with their wings, they will bedevil
their prey and drive them systematically
into the shallows.

  And then admiration of the pelican
is lost in amazement at his greed and
capacity. With hoarse croakings and un-
dignified scufflings the birds literally fall
upon their meal and engulf it in huge
shovelfuls. I hope I don’t exaggerate
when I say that a big pelican’s bill-
pouch, working like a bucket-dredge, will
scoop up four or five pounds of small fish.
Follows a craning of the bill, an agonized
straining of the rubbery neck, with eyes
squeezed tight over the effort, and the
whole mass is gone and the bird is ready
to climb over the backs of its neighbors
who have gotten ahead of it during the
brief moment of stress, and to fall over
their heads into the swirling mess for an-
other scoopful. One should not watch
pelicans feed.

  Pink and white flamingos supply the
humor of the water front. With their
long, stiff legs and their necks stretched
with head immersed to snuffle for fresh-
water clams or algae, or whatever it is that
they grub out of the mud shallows, they
look like drunken tripods gone to sleep.
I don’t know whether anybody has ever
had the patience to watch and find out

for how long a flamingo can keep its head
upside down under water.

  Catching them in this position, the
resurgent boy in a sober explorer is irre-
sistibly impelled to creep up behind and
throw stones at them, and then to fall
back and scream with laughter at the
look of injured wonder with which they
withdraw their heads from the mud and
twist their boneless necks round over
their backs to see what this indecent
disturbance is about.

  Half a million pink flamingos flying low
against a late amber sky are also a
wonder and a delight to be remembered.

  Ibises. What can one say about ibises,
except that they are black as night and
white as daylight, and are always grace-
ful and unhurried and dignified? Watch-
ing them, one understands that Egyptians
held them sacred.

  It was regretfully that we left this good
lake and climbed the sides of a low moun-
tain so thickly strewn with volcanic
tufa and a sort of black, razor-edged
obsidian that mules had to pick their way
and the boys with their naked feet were
in sore trouble. It was as we mounted
slowly and the view spread out beneath
us that we began to form a conception
of what a splendid lake this Hora-uitu
really was.

  Monotony of the long climb was avoid-
ed by keeping on expecting to find, just
over the next ridge, one of the impassable
clefts or ravines that the people of the
hidden village assured us prevented
further progress.

  It was a curious, frightened sort of vil-
lage. Surrounded by an unusually thick
and high thorn fence, and nestling at the
base of a cliff completely screened by
thorn bush, one did not know there was
a village there until one smelled it.

  I suppose all African villages smell at
greater or lesser range. Galla villages are
not so bad when one has once adjusted
one’s mind to accept them—or when one
has huddled under a thorn bush at close
quarters to a well greased Galla hunter.
It is a kind of faint, floating, garbagy-
smoky-rancid-butterv smell.
ADVENTURE S ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION

83

  The people of this hidden village, Jim
thought, were either malefactors or runa-
way slaves; and for some obscure reason
of their own they surely did not want us
to go over that mountain. Possibly for
nothing more definite than some vague
idea that where white men once passed
there would presently be a road, and their
seclusion would thus be destroyed.

  However, ridge lifted beyond ridge and
valley led into glen, and never a cleft did
we see that called for a detour of more
than a couple of hundred yards. Good
going it was, rather. Magnificent going,
in fact, after thorn scrub. Here was fine
upland grass and shade trees in con-
siderable variety. More grazing to the
half square mile than in a day’s trek over
the flat.

  But—no water. Here in the hills were
no hollows where even rainwater could
collect. How deep must tree tap-roots
go, I wonder, where the rain comes in
spells of six months apart? And what do
kudu and the various mountain buck and
rock baboons drink when there are too
many of them to lick the moisture that
sometimes condenses on the shady under
side of a rock?

  Yet that afternoon, as if in answer to
the question, it rained for the first time in
six months. Sudden black clouds built
themselves out of the white cumulous
vapor that had been making such a suc-
cession of pictures against the ultra-
marine sky for the past weeks. A cold
wind howled over the peaks from no-
where. And then rain in a whirl of
fury. Heavy, stinging rain, as if to
drown in spitefulness all the herbage that
had waited for it so long.

  Nagadis with pack mules, of course,
were strung out anywhere over the last
mile or so. Raincoats, of course, were in
the packs—anywhere where the boys to
whom they had been handed with strict
orders to carry them had stuffed them.
And as monkeys, when startled, lose what
little minds they have and chatter in
helpless fright, so camp boys, when faced
with the master’s just wrath, chatter and
are enveloped in simian forgetfulness.

  I do not know how many of the packs
had to be unloaded before the raincoats
were found; it doesn’t matter. Suffice it
that everything, including the contents
of the opened packs, was very properly
wet first. And yet the law of Abyssinia
does not permit one to use boy’s skin as
impromptu rain-shelters.

  That was the beginning of the “little
rains.” From now on rain might be ex-
pected any day for the next few days and
every day for the next few weeks or so.
Then there would be a lull of another
two or three weeks, and then—RAIN.
The “big rains.” Four months of them.
And from all accounts the word “big” is
miserably inadequate.

  Rain! There were rivers to be crossed
before we should see the great metropolis
again; and dry ravines which would
presently be thirty-foot-deep rapids. It
behooved us to hurry.

ALONG, long day over that mountain
and a short one on the level brought
us to the Zwai Lake again, where all our
hippo had trekked overnight. But this
time we were twenty miles across, on the
opposite shore to where we had first seen
it. Two exquisite little steep-sided islands,
thickly clustered with neat huts, hugged
the shore.

  There was more population crowded
on to these two little islands than over
two days’ trek on the open plain; and the
reason was startlingly illustrative of the
actual precariousness of life among this
warlike folk. Islands were much more
secure against sudden attack than were
thorn fences.

  Lakis, these people were; so called
after their islands. They paddled out on
frail cigar-shaped bundles of papyrus
reeds to inspect this white camp that sud-
denly sprung up on their mainlaad; and
they brought untold delicacies. Roasted
wheat and fish and fowl and native beer.
A nice friendly people!

  “Gumare—hippos?” we asked them
doubtfully.

  “Oh yes,” they astounded us by re-
plying. “Away out there.”
81

GORDON MacCREAGH

  We brought the glasses to bear on the
tiny, half-submerged island that lay per-
haps a couple of miles offshore. And—
our voices dropped to unconscious cau-
tion—it was true. A whole herd of pinky-
browny hippos lying all over each other on
a sand shallow.

  “Yes, the gumare came and they went,”
the islanders told us. “Sometimes they
were there and sometimes they were not.
These had just come. But they were very
fierce and they attacked boats that went
out at dusk; and one old bull in par-
ticular—”

  At that we shut them up. We had
heard all these local legends about com-
ing and going and about ferocious old
bulls in particular. We had been chasing
this particular fairy story over the whole
lake region. The only point that in-
terested us was whether these islanders
would for a backshish take us out in their
reed floats close enough to these ferocious
monsters to get a shot at them?

  There was all the demur we expected.
Those gumare were very fierce; and it was
true, by their fathers’ spirits, that they
would rush at boats and crunch them like
eggshells; and that old slate-gray bull—
etc., etc., ad nauseam.

  Any discussion with African natives
must be an affair of hours. This one
tired out our patience to the point of
murder. How long would hippo stand
in broad daylight view while we argued?
But nothing would move those Lakis.
They would not under any circumstances
go out so far from shore to attack gumare.
But, if we would wait, toward late after-
noon, just before the dreaded dusk, the
gumare would probably begin to move
closer in preparation for going out to feed
at a favored place of old which was now
rich with untrampled grass. If we would
wait till that short remnant of daylight,
for a backshish of one dollar apiece, a
small fleet of them would take us out; but
not farther than their own islands.

  We — I in particular — fumed and
stamped up and down the beach. Hip-
pos cautiously swimming inshore would
offer no more than the difficult snapshot

at the thin wedge between nose and ears
as they came up to snort a breath before
sinking again. And a snapshot from a
frail unstable reed float at that! I tried
to hire a reed raft myself—I could use a
double paddle as well as they did—to buy
one, even. But an idea so new to the
African mind would require two days and
a consultation of the village elders to
consider.

  Wait we had to—and I spent all of the
time seeing that my rifle was clean and
oiled and that the sight adjustments were
exactly, to the minutest fraction of an
inch, where they should be.

  A Joshua delayed that afternoon. But
it did begin to grow late at last; and
anxious glasses showed that the pinky-
browny island was slowly disintegrating.
Bits broke off it and quietly disappeared.
It dwindled; and presently it was all
gone.

  Where now were all the brave men who
would man the fleet? They were not so
many as had at first talked about it.
But the usual epithets of scorn—“women,
little children”—and silver dollars dis-
played aroused a certain response, with
much hesitation and much more telling
to each other of the Laki equivalent for
“Let George do it.” And after weighing
the dollars in their hands to make sure
that they were real and fat ones, a small
fleet of six reed rafts prepared to go out.

  And it was high time. Narrow wedges
of slate-gray began to show for seconds at
a time and to disappear with a pfoof under
a spray of vapor. They were within the
outer edge of the islands. In another
half-hour the dusk would begin to creep
over the water; and then nothing would
drive the fleet to sea.

  But delay, even in Africa, must come
to an end. We nearly exploded with im-
patience, but we did get away. The big-
gest of the reed boats was barely big
enough to float two men. One did not
sit in such a thing, of course; there was no
concavity to sit in. One sat on it, rather,
semi-submerged in the water, and kept
one’s balance by paddling with one’s feet.

  And then the village humorist, from
ADVENTURE’S ABYSSINIAN EXPEDITION

85

safe ashore, called that sometimes croco-
diles sneaked up under reed rafts and bit
people’s legs off. I am prepared to take
oath that I did not spasmodically jerk
my legs out of the crawly wet—proof of
which is that the boat did not immediate-
ly roll over. Besides, I was too intent up-
on watching a great gray wedge that was
intent upon watching us, and which did
not seem to be half as nervous about the
boats as the boats were about it.

  Other, smaller wedges showed from
time to time. But it was this big, dark
gray one that I wanted to come close to.
This surely must be the fabled ferocious
bull, or any other bull—I didn’t care. As
long as it was a big one, I promised my-
self that I would believe every one of the
stories that the natives would tell about
how that individual gumare had eaten
reed boats whole with full cargoes of
lovely kings’ daughters.

  But come close the fleet would not. A
hundred yards away those stout boat-
men remained, and would approach no
closer. Whether the tales about the
ferocity of this beast, or of one like it,
were true or no, there was no doubt
about the islanders’ fear of it. Every
time it would snort and blow a spray, they
would hurriedly back-paddle. Every
time it would submerge there would be a
scurry.

  “It will swim below water and heave
up under a boat,” they insisted, “and
then where would we all be?”

  “In the soup,” remarked Jim cheer-
fully.

  But it did seem to be true. The thing
came distinctly closer ea^h time it sub-
merged. How close to where the boats
had been before they fled it was difficult
to judge, but certainly closer.

  “Take a chance, Mac,” Jim began to
urge me. I had the heavier gun. “Take
a shot the next time it lifts its head
and looks. It’s not getting any lighter,
and these fellows won’t stay out much
longer.”

  But I swore that I’d be damned if I’d
shoot at a smear of gray in the water a
hundred yards away, out of a rolling

log that heaved with each dip of the
paddle. Particularly not since my boat-
man paddled all the time and since most
of the time he kept the boat’s nose slanted
for a quick turn and run and I had to
twist myself more than half around even
to see the beast. What, fire one shot and
then trek over the rest of Africa to get
another chance?

  No, I wanted at least a reasonable hope
of getting a sight on that vanishing wedge.
At the limit of exasperation I got my
boatman to understand that he was to
cease paddling when that slice of nose and
forehead appeared, and that he was to sit
still and not wiggle his toes or blink his
eyes.

  And when, after a dozen more attempts
the man was beginning to be drilled into
it, the beast executed a maneuver that
nearly ruined the whole hunt. It had
been watching us and blowing angrily
through its nose for quite a long stretch of
seconds. My shoulder and left arm ached
from holding my rifle at the aim and hop-
ing to catch a moment of steadiness.
Then suddenly the beast gave a snort and
heaved itself half out of the water. Like
a great gray whale-back it looked; and
with a vast splash it dived.

  Then there was a panic. Those heavy,
water-logged reed rafts might have com-
peted in a canoe race. That was the last
sign, the men yammered. The big brute
was now infuriated and was after us in
earnest. Had those things been fight
canoes, the men would never have stopped
before they beached them high ashore.
It was only when muscle and wind gave
out that we were able to make them hear
that no submarine torpedo was on its way
to us. There was the pursuing wedge in
sight again on the surface.

  Whatever might have been the empti-
ness at the pit of my stomach during that
frenzied minute of flight, I can’t believe
now that the brute had started on so
spectacular an attack. I don’t attempt to
explain why the great brute suddenly
jumped like that; but I give it credit for
more wiliness than that. I have heard of,
and I can understand, a hippo’s being
86

GORDON MacCREAGH

infuriated 10 the point of rushing open-
jawed upon a boat. But I feel sure that
if this brute had wanted to dive under
and engulf a boat from beneath it would
surely have quietly sunk and made its
attack from the security of under water.

  Anyway, the thing had not chased us—
at all events not very far, for there it
was again, snorting and blowing spray
and looking directly towards us. But it
was nearer. Much nearer than those
wary paddle-men had let it come before.
Perhaps up to seventy-five yards. *

  And then suddenly came my chance, as
chances do sometimes if one waits long
enough. The boat was momentarily
steady. The great gray head was slightly
lifted. My sights swung into line.

  Dusk was upon us. If I let this chance
go I would surely not get another that
day. And would we ever persuade the
men out again after their panic?

   I fired.

  Smack, was the instant crack of the
bullet on hard bone. The huge head

heaved up; the shoulders rose sluggishly
high of the water; then rolled over side-
wise and disappeared under.

  “By golly, you got him!” shouted Jim.
“I saw the splash where you hit! Fair in
the center of the forehead! Come on
home to supper. He’ll be floating in
twenty-four hours.”

  So the long hunt was ended. I don’t
know how much I ought to believe about
the individuality of this ferocious man-
eating hippo. Probably nothing; pos-
sibly a little. Native yarns are some-
times amazingly true. I do, however, be-
lieve now in the unusual savageness of the
generality of the hippos of that lake
region.

  But I promised myself I would believe
all the stories that the natives would tell
about this particular hippo. I must. For

I	have made myself another mental
promise—to bring back to each appreci-
ative editor of the Adventure staff a cane
made of hippo hide with a hippo ivory
top.
An air pilot and the field of broken wings

ihe Lucky \Jttle S tiff

By H. P. S. GREENE

FRANCE. Mud. A khaki-clad col-
umn of fours slogging along to the
rhythm of their own muttered but
heart-felt blasphemy—a common enough
sight in the winter of 1917-1918.

  But in one particular this procession of
sufferers was unique. On the shoulders of
each performer shone bright silver bars,
and their more or less manly chests were
spanned by Sam Browne belts. A casual
observer would have taken them for
officers. But no, on each breast was a pair
of silver wings, and their uniforms were of
well-fitting but variously designed whip-
cord. The pot-bellied little person in the
indecently short yellow serge blouse who
led them was an officer; his followers were
flying lieutenants.

  They were a part of the personnel-in-
training of the great American aviation
field of Issy-la-Boue, the advance guard
of the ten thousand American bombing
planes which publicity agents said were
going to blast the Huns out of Berlin.

  The column passed between two long

barracks, one of which, filled to capacity
with double-decker bunks, yawned thru
an unfinished open end.

  “Squads right!” shrilled the pot-bellied
one with the captain’s bars in a startling
tremolo. “Heh!”

  The men behind squads-righted in a
dispirited fashion and came to a halt in
straggling lines. The squawky voice
continued:

  “I want to say that you are the most
undisciplined body of men I ever saw.
That—er—melee you staged when you
were unwittingly marched into—er—
contact with a body of enlisted men was
the most disgraceful exhibition on the
part of officers so-called I ever saw in
my life. I—er—want to say you are a
disgrace to the service. That’s all I want
to say. Oh, I—er—believe Lieutenant
Crosby has something to say to you.”
Flying-Lieutenant Crosby stepped for-
ward and cleared his throat. He was a
born Babbitt, a destined getter-together.
“Men,” he began, and then hesitated.
88

H. P. S. GREENE

Perhaps he should hq,ve said “officers,”
but that wouldn’t have sounded right
either. He rushed on, “I want to remind
you that Hippy’s and Sam’s funeral is
this afternoon. All flying is called off as
usual. There wasn’t much of a crowd out
for poor old Bill yesterday. I know it’s
a long walk and all that but we want to
get a good crowd out this afternoon.
The cadets are going to try to get a good
crowd out for their fellow who got
bumped, and we want to get a good crowd
out too. That’s all I wanted to say.”

  He retired to the ranks. The fat officer
shouted “Dismissed!” Then he changed
his mind.

  “As you were. The commanding officer
wanted me to announce that quarantine
to the post is on again until the perpetra-
tor of the outrage of stopping the Paris
Express has been discovered and pun-
ished. Dismissed!”

  The half-broken ranks scattered in the
direction of their barracks. Toward the
one with the unfinished end went three
oddly dissimilar figures. They were al-
ways together, and of course some one
had already thought of calling them
“The Three Musketeers.”

  One was short, dark and slim, with
pathetic eyes and a dispirited mustache.
Another was tall and lathy, with a long
lugubrious countenance. The third was
blond and almost corpulent.

  “I knew it, Tommy, I knew it,” said the
tall man. “How come you and ‘Fat’ to
pull such a stunt, anyway? Ain’t such
a joke now, is it? What’re you going to
do about it?”

  The three entered their barrack and sat
down on a bunk near the open end, well
away from the crowd huddled around the
stove in the tniddle. The little man
gazed sadly before him.

  His mustache drooped dolefully. Some
observant person had remarked that he
could read Tommy by his mustache. When
it was freshly waxed and pert, he was
just going on a party. When it was sorry
and unkempt, he had just been on one.

  “You know we didn’t mean any harm,”
he said. All that stuff the frogs put out

about our trying to wreck the train was
a dish of prunes. As if it wasn’t bad
enough to miss the truck and walk out
here twelve miles from town without
having all this on top of it. When the
quarantine for the itch was taken off, and
Fat and I got those “thirty-six hours on
condition you don’t go to Paris” passes,
we got by the M. P.’s at the gare in Paris
all right.

  “We went out through the baggage-
room. I wasn’t in the Ambulance for
nothing. We came back into the station
the same way, and once we got on the
train we went right to sleep. They sure
do put up a good champagne cocktail at
Henry’s, and then all those beers at the
Follies!

  “Well, when I woke up we were at a
station. I looked out and the sign on it
said Chateauroux. I knew where we were
all right because I’ve flown over the place.
We’d passed Issy. So I woke Fat up and
pulled him off the train. There was an-
other train standing in the station, and I
asked a frog where it went to and he said
it was the Paris Express. So I knew it
would take us back to Issy again, and we
hopped on.

  “We got into a third class compartment
with a lot of poilus, and they had beaucoup
red wine, and we drank to la belle France,
and les-fitats-Unis, and when I woke up
again the train was just leaving a station,
and the sign said Issy-la-Boue. By tfye
time I realized what it all meant we were
going too fast to jump off, so I pulled that
handle on the wall, and the train stopped.

  “When we saw how wrought up the
frogs were, we beat it. No wonder we had
to come over and help them win the war,
if they’re all as bum shots as those birds
were! Guess they thought we were ban-
dits or spies or something. Well, we had
to walk home to keep from being A. W. O.
Loose from roll-call this morning, and
never got home till four o’clock. Suppose
after flying, I’ll have to go over and ’fess
up to Herman, or you birds will never get
any more passes. But I know I’ll never
get one if I stay here for the duration of
the war.”
THE LUCKY LITTLE STIFF

89

  “No pass ain’t nothin' to what you’ll
get, boy!” said “Long John.” “Shot at
sunrise, is my bet. But I admire your
self-sacrificin’ spirit.”

  “Never mind, we’ll take our medicine,
won’t we, Fat? And if I don’t mention
you, maybe he won’t say anything about
it.”

  Fat grunted dolefully. Outside a bugle
blew. The three rose to go.

  “It’s me and Tommy to fly the eighteen
meters,” said Long John. “Where do
you go, Fat?”

  “Machine-gun,” was the answer.
“Hum, too bad. I heard the guy they
shot there last week croaked. The bullet
went right thru his leg, and the quack
dressed the place where it went in all
right, but forgot to see if it came out.
Gangrene set in and his leg rotted off,
and they had to shoot him. Now a feller
your build—say, it wouldn’t go through
at all. Just stay there and fester—”

  But his victim was gone.

TOMMY flew badly that morning.
He was all in, his head ached and,
besides, he was worrying about that inter-
view with Major Herman Krause. And
then he had to practise landings—nervous
work at best in an unfamiliar ship. Finally
he blew a tire and was bawled out un-
mercifully by the instructor.

  Luckily it was on his tenth and last
trip, and he breathed a sigh of relief when
the. lecture was over and he could go. He
went to the barracks and policed up.
Shave, shine, but no shampoo. There
was hardly enough water for drinking and
shaving, and that was brought many
miles in tank wagons. Bathing was
something one went without at Issy—
and felt not much the worse unless the
scabbies set in.

  Once militarily clean, Tommy dragged
himself to headquarters, entirely ruining
the new shine so painfully acquired. He
entered the presence of the adjutant feel-
ing like a whipped schoolboy. He saluted
and stood at attention.

  “Sir, Lieutenant Lang to speak to the
commanding officer.”

  The adjutant kept on writing for about
five minutes at a desk stacked with piles
of reports. Then he looked up savagely
and spoke with a slight accent:

  “What? Oh, yes. What for?”

  “About the Paris Express.”

  “Go right in. He’s waiting.”

  Tommy went in and stood with trem-
bling knees before the C. O. He was a
large florid man with beetling brows and
his manner wras not encouraging.

  “You? Well? What about it?”
Tommy explained as well as he could,
stressing his innocence. He thought his
plea must have softened an executioner,
but Major Krause was uncompromising
in attitude and words.

  “Young man,” he said, “you are a dis-
grace, sir! A disgrace to the United
States Army!” Tommy thought he had
heard those words before. “We have
been having considerable trouble with
the guard. Those cadets are the worst
disciplined body of men I ever saw.”
Again a familiar note.

  “As for you—you seem to have trouble
keeping awake. A permanent assign-
ment as commander of the guard ought to
give you- beneficial practise at it. Of
course, after keeping awake all night, you
will need to sleep in the day-time. You
are therefore relieved from flying duty.
Report at guard mount this evening and
every evening until further orders. That
will do.”

  Tommy saluted and went out, his heart
sinking. There were only three known
ways of getting out of Issy-la-Boue.
The first was to break your neck. The
second was to fly so well that you were
graduated. The third was to fly so
poorly that you were sent to Blooey for
reclassification, probably as an arma-
ment officer. Which was generally con-
sidered the lowest form of fife so far dis-
covered in the air service.

  All these methods were dependent on
flying. Once a man was taken off flying
duty, it took an act of Congress to get
him away from the place.

  The little man wended his way back
to the barracks. His comrades were
90

H. P. S. GREENE

sitting on their bunks, and he poured his
tale of woe into their receptive ears.
Being beyond words, they accorded him
silent sympathy. Finally Fat spoke:

  “Well, I’m lucky to be out of it. Say,
did you hear the news? Brock was
washed out on the fifteens this morning.”

  “That makes seven in a week,” said
Tommy after a pause. “How’d it hap-
pen?”

  “Same old thing. Wings came off.”

  A bugle called. Most of the flying lieu-
tenants went outside and, joining others
from near-by barracks, formed in line.
A few commands, and they were in one of
the rivers of mud which served as roads
at the field. Presently they were halted
behind three long two-wheeled pushcarts;
cach cart bore a long box covered with an
American flag. The mourners stood in
the mud for half an hour waiting, and then
a dispirited looking band appeared.
Its bass drum echoed boom-boom-boom-
boom-boom, and the procession started.

  Through the gate of the camp it went,
and out on to the main road, while the
drum kept up its sad, hollow sound.
Yard after yard, rod after rod, until the
cortege had walked two miles. Then it
turned into a young but flourishing ceme-
tery, with red, raw mounds in orderly lines.

 The men were formed around three
fresh graves. A pale-faced Y. M. C. A.
man stumbled through the burial service.
A red-faced Knight of Columbus did like-
wise. A Frenchman flew over and
dropped some dessicated roses. Then
they all marched away again; only the
boxes and a small burial party remained
behind.

  The band struggled with its one tune, a
lively quickstep, according to regulations.
Two old peasants drew their cart to one
side of the road to let them pass.

  “Comme ils sont trists, les ’tits Ameri-
cains!” said the woman.

  “Quelle musique!” answered her spouse.

THE THREE chums went back to
their bunks.

  “Do you birds know anything about
being the commander of the guard?”

asked Tommy with some concern.
 “No,” replied Fat.

  “Sure,” answered Long John. “I was
chucked out of the first training camp.
First, you have to have a gun.”

  “A rifle?” asked Tommy.

  “No, you little sap. Officers don’t
carry rifles, or flying lieutenants either.
A pistol.”

  “But I ain’t got a pistol.”

  “Borrow one then. Do you know the
general orders?”

  “I don’t know any generals, orders or
debility either.”

  “Never mind trying to be funny. You
may find out it ain’t no joke about gen-
erals. The Old Boy himself and the
Silly Civilian are going to inspect the
post tomorrow. I saw the orders over
at the operations office for every machine
to be up that can get off the ground. I
suppose that means a lot more long walks.
But it’s most time for guard mount;
you’d better run along and find a gun.”
Tommy disappeared and finally re-
turned with a regulation web belt and
holster in one hand, and a .25 caliber auto-
matic in the other.

  “What are you going to do with that
popgun, you idiot?” asked Long John
disgustedly. “Are you going hunting
canary birds, or what?”

  “I couldn’t find a regular gun, and a
cadet loaned me this. He said officers
had taken it before and put a dirty sock
or something in the holster so the butt
would just show, and got by all right.”
“Very well, then, take one of Fat’s
socks. The smell may keep you awake.
Is the blamed thing loaded? Look out
you don’t shoot yourself. There’s the
call, now. Put on your belt. You fool!
How many belts are you going to wear?
What do you think you are, a past grand
master of the Holy Jumpers? Take off
your Sam Browne. There—get going,
now.

  “Well, away he goes, and he doesn’t
know whether Julius Caesar was stabbed
or shot off horseback. Did you ever see
the like, Fat? But I bet he comes out all
right some way, the lucky little stiff. I
THE LUCKY LITTLE STIFF

91

never knew it to fail. Well, let’s go up by
the stove.”

  But Tommy wasn’t such a complete fool
as he appeared. He knew the old Army
advice for shavetails, “Find a good ser-
geant and stick to him.” The sergeant of
the guard was a grizzled old sufferer who
had been through it all many, many
times. He engineered the guard mount
and posted the guard. Then Tommy
drew him to one side.

 “What do I do now, Sergeant?” he
asked.

  “Well, the lieutenant has to inspect the
guard three times, once between midnight
and six o’clock in the morning. First
ask them for their special orders, and then
for their general orders. If they make a
mistake, I’ll nudge you and you say,
‘Correct him, Sergeant,’ and I’ll fix him
up. It’s getting dark now. Would the
Lieutenant like to make his first inspec-
tion before supper?”

  Inspection was a hectic affair. The
guard was composed of cadets who had
joined the Army to fly and remained in it
to mount guard, and it was their intention
to make it as interesting as possible for
all concerned, especially their superiors.
But the old sergeant was equal to the oc-
casion. He steered Tommy by the traps
planted for him, and then showed him the
guardhouse.

  There the commander of the guard ate
his slum and then returned to his bar-
rack. Long John grabbed him by the
arm as he entered.

  “That frog was around again today,
and he brought a lot of stuff,” he whis-
pered. “You’re in on it. Doc is goin’ to
make punch. Be around at nine o’clock.”

TOMMY was there at the appointed
time. At the far end a crowd was
gathered. Men were perched as closely
as possible on the double-deck bunks.
In their midst Bacchanalian rites were in
progress. “Doc,” a stout man with a red,
satyr-like countenance, was beating a
huge bowl of eggs. Before him within
easy reach and frequently applied, was
an assorted row of bottles. Tommy read

some of the labels—Cherry Brandy,
Martell, D. O. M., Absinthe.

  “My God,” he muttered to himself,
“everything but nitroglycerine.”

  The party was undoubtedly a success.
There were songs and dances and stories.
Finally it got to the speechmaking stage.
An interruption in the form of a volley of
shots was welcome to every one except
the current performer. A trampling of
feet, and then more shots followed. A
voice at the other end of the barrack
shouted “Attention!” as Major Krause
stumbled in. He had evidently been run-
ning, but he tried to stalk around in a
dignified manner. Somebody whispered—
“Those damn cadets have been shoot-
ing off their guns and raising hell again,
and he’s been trying to catch them.”

  The major approached the end of the
barrack where the party had been in
progress. He sniffed suspiciously, but the
punch-bowl had been shoved under a bunk
and the bottles into -boots, and there was
no evidence in sight. Finally he asked—
“Are there any guns in this barrack?”
“No,” Tommy spoke up. “I know,
because I was trying to borrow one this
afternoon to mount guard with.”

  A partially suppressed titter rose and
fell again. The C. O. wheeled around
furiously.

   “So it’s you again, is it?” he thundered.
“Carousing in here while your superiors
attend to your duties. Get out to your
guard and put a stop to that indiscrim-
inate shooting. I swear if I see you again
tonight I’ll prefer charges and have you
broke!”

  Tommy stumbled out into the darkness
and headed in what he thought was the
direction of the guardhouse. His head
was buzzing painfully. A volley of
shots sounded somewhere in front of him.
He felt vaguely that he ought to do some-
thing about it, and ran in that direction,
only to fall over the guy-rope of a hangar
and fall heavily. More shots behind him.
He got up and staggered on. Suddenly
there was a flash and a report right before
him. Then a voice veiled—

_ “Halt.”
92

H. P. S. GREENE

 “Commander of the guard,” bawled
Tommy.

  A dark figure loomed up vaguely in
the murk. He struck a match and saw a
grinning cadet working the bolt of his
rifle and waving the muzzle around dan-
gerously. Suddenly it exploded and
Tommy felt mud splatter over him.

  “I thought I saw something moving and
halted it, and it wouldn’t halt, so I fired,
but I don’t understand this gun very well,
sir,” said the cadet, still working at the
bolt.

  The commander of the guard turned
and fled. He was getting dizzier every
minute. Finally he tripped over another
guy-rope and fell, to rise no more.

  When he woke, it was with the con-
sciousness of having been annoyed for a
long time by a rasping noise which was
still going on. He tried to pull himself
together and think. He could vaguely
discern the bulk of a hangar. There was
a queer, unexplained rasping. Filed
wires— Wings coming off— Funerals—
The noise stopped, and presently a dark
figure crept out through the hangar door
and started to steal away. Tommy drew
the little automatic from its holster and
fired.. The next thing he realized was
that there were flashlights and men
everywhere. The sergeant of the guard.
Major Krause. Calls for explanation.
Tommy tried to explain. A voice said—
“You fool, you’ve shot the adjutant!”
Strong hands seized him and hustled
him away.

NEXT morning, when a detail came to
the guardhouse, Tommy was still in
a daze. The leader told him to police up,
as he was to go before the C. O. He was
still confused when he was led into the
office at headquarters.

  The commanding officer was there, and

Captain La Croix, the French officcr who
advised as to instruction. Also a large,
fierce man with stars on his shoulders,
and a little civilian with glasses and a
trench coat several sizes too large for him.
Tommy’s legs seemed to be made of
butter.

  Major Krause was speaking, and
strange to say, his voice was not unkind.

  “Lieutenant Lang,” he said, “I revoke
everything I said yesterday. You have
done a great service for your country. I
regret to say that a small file was found
on the body of the adjutant, and that
some of the ships were found to have been
tampered with—so skillfully that detec-
tion was very unlikely. Inspection of the
adjutant’s papers brought out evidence
that he was an Austrian citizen. Tell the
general and the secretary how you came
to discover what was going on.”

  “Well,” blurted Tommy, “it was this
way. I was dizzy and fell down two or
three times and finally I decided to go to
sleep. Then some guy kept making a
filing noise and waking me up, so I shot
him.”

THAT evening three flying lieutenants
were finishing an illicit meal of
chicken and champagne at a little French
inn about three miles from the field, and
the smallest of the trio was finishing a
story.

  “There was a long argument,” he said,
“and the general and the major were all
for preferring charges, but Captain La
Croix stood up for me and said I was a
good pilot, and finally they agreed to let
him get me transferred to a French ob-
servation squadron at the front.”

  The tall man and the fat one looked at
each other and at their little companion.
Then they ejaculated as one—

  “You lucky little stiff!”
A Hangtown Vtill of Fare

by JOHN L. CONSIDINE

THE NICKNAME, “Hangtown,” be-
stowed upon the town of Placerville,
California, in its infant days, survives
chiefly on the menu cards of San Fran-
cisco restaurants, where, among the
various forms of serving oysters, may be
found the phrase “Hangtown Fry.”

  The originator of the Hangtown Fry

was probably M. Elstner, who conducted
the El Dorado Hotel at that place in its
earliest days and who got out the first
menu card ever issued in Hangtown.
That was before the oyster made its
appearance in the camp. From more
than one point of view it should prove of
interest. It read as follows:

HANGTOWN BILL OF FARE

    El Douado Hotel
    Hangtown, January. 1850

        ENTREES
Sauer kraut	$1.00

Bacon, fried,	1.00

stuffed,	1.00

Hash, low grade,	.75

 “ 18 carats,	1.00

        ROAST

Beef, wild (prime cut)	1.50

 “ up along	1.00

 “ a la mode (plain)	1.00
 “ with one potato (fair size) 1.25

  “ tame, from Arkansas	1.50

        PASTRY

Rice pudding, plain,	.75

with molasses,	1.00

Rice, with brandy peaches,	2.00

Square meal with dessert,	3.00

Bean

Ox-tail (short)

           SOUP

         GAME

Codfish balls, per pair,
Grizzly roast
“ fried
Jackass rabbit (whole)

VEGETABLES

Baked beans, plain

“ greased,

Two potatoes, (medium sized)
Two potatoes, peeled,

$1.00

1.50

.75

1.00

.75

1.50

.75

1.00

.50

.75

PAYABLE IN ADVANCE.

GOLD SCALES ON THE END OF BAR.

  High prices were not confined to the
restaurateurs. Other business men ex-
acted them. The fees of professional men
were in accordance. The physicians
charged an ounce—about $16—a visit.
One of them won his “stake” through an
odd bequest.

  A successful gambler of Placerville was
Mary Johnson, but she was not known
by that name,' for she went in man’s

attire and her sex was unsuspected.
She was stricken with a fatal illness
and this physician was called. He
recognized her as the sweetheart he
had left in Vermont when, infected
with the gold fever, he struck out for
California. She had amassed a fortune
faster than he. By her will, found in
a little box under her pillow when she
died, she left him $20,000.

 9ff
Old father of ^Waters

GOING ON WITH

ALAN LeMAY’S novel of stirring
pre-Civil War days on the Mississippi

SINGED and burned, Captain Arnold
Huston stood amid the crowd that
packed the bluff and watched the last
pennons of flame and the billowing cotton
smoke that emanated from what had been
the Mississippi steamboat Peter Swain.
In that veteran sternwheeler the last
wealth of the Hustons had taken to the
treacherous, coffee-colored waters. So
Huston went back to Natchez, to the
old plantation house where he was born;
it was now bleak and untenanted, but as
he approached he heard a shot within
and, investigating, found his cousin Will
Huston prowling about. Will informed
Arnold that he had foreclosed on the prop-
erty and it now belonged to him. Words
led to anger, and Arnold struck Will, who
demanded satisfaction with pistols.

  For a second Arnold chose a suave young
gentleman, by name Mark Wallace, who
first tried ineffectually to dissuade him
from going through with the duel and
then conducted him, still suffering acute-
ly from burns, to the home of a friend
to prepare himself for it. Here he first
glimpsed beautiful Jaqueline DuMoyne.

  When Arnold was well enough to dis-
cuss business, Wallace showed a knowl-
edge of the river trade that was amazing
to the steamboat captain. It was Wal-
lace’s plan to buy up some old river boat,
refit it, and offer part ownership and the
captaincy of it to his friend. In the
midst of all this Arnold was sent for by

Caroline Sheperd, a young lady of means
and position, with whom he had fancied
himself in love. But she seemed unduly
concerned about Will Huston’s welfare,
and Arnold came away with his heart
quite free, but with a heightened interest
in Jaqueline DuMoyne. From Wallace he
learned the story of her past—of her un-
fortunate marriage to the reckless young
rake, Andrea DuMoyne; of his various es-
capades; of his curious dagger duel in the
dark with Jean Fouchet, and his flight and
mysterious disappearance into the bayou.

  The cousins met for their affair of
honor. Arnold had decided secretly to
withhold his fire. But Will, by nature ner-
vous, was scared into firing by a jerk of
the other’s hand; and Arnold, maddened
by Will’s shot, blazed away blindly—a
shot that went wide of its mark, but which
shocked Will into a dead faint. For this
the cousins hated each other more than ever.

  It fell to Arnold Wallace to arrange
for a crew for the new steamboat project.
Without cash, with but his word to offer
as security, he sought out an old swamp-
rat, Walt Gunn, who lived by his Bible,
his rifle and by certain shady dealings;
and this great bear of a man, sensing
Arnold’s intense earnestness, finally
agreed to deliver to him a crew of black
men. Arnold paid another visit to
Jaqueline DuMoyne; and left strangely
out of sorts saying to himself—

  “Well, I’ll never go there again.”
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

95

XIII

 ARNOLD HUSTON never felt better
in his life than the day that
•*-, he first boarded the Frontier City.
A fresh breath of autumn was in the
air of the bayou country, pleasantly
contrasting with the late hot spell in the
narrow New Orleans streets from which

channel, Huston presumed that if the
Frontier City had got up there once she
could get down again, given an equal stage
of the river.

 “How long has the Frontier City been
 up here?” he asked the pilot once.

 “Only ’bout eighteen months.”

 “River pretty high when she went up?”
 “Oh, middlin’ high.” The man at the

he had come. Now Huston’s star was
conspicuously on the ascendent; he was
eager to get his teeth into the labor ahead.
His blood went through his arteries with
a zing, making every muscle in his body
enthusiastically alive.

  A stubby little sternwheeler had
.brought him up the threading bayou be-
side which the Frontier City lay, six miles
from the main channel of the Mississippi.
The sluggish stream was so narrow that
the overhanging branches of cotton-
woods sometimes brushed both guards of
the little steamboat. There had been an
encouraging amount of water there,
however; and as for the width of the

wheel considered for a time. “Well—
heavy middlin’, I reckon. She’ll float
next month, I sh’d say.”

  Huston craned for the first glimpse of
his prospective boat as the puffing stern-
wheeler at last opened the mouth of the
tributary bayou where the Frontier City
lay. His first glimpse of her was dis-
appointing, she looked so definitely de-
cayed. She was bigger than he remem-
bered her, though, measuring two hundred
forty feet from deadpost to transom; and
now she looked larger than she really was,
squatting broadly in the mud, completely
bottling up the mouth of the inlet she
had chosen for her internment. Her three
96

ALAN LeMAY

decks towered imposingly, ancient and
gray, behind the leafy screen.

  Huston leaped to the bank without
need of the stageplank; and the fussing
sternwheeler pompously shoved its way
on up the bayou in a trickle of water that
looked as if it would b .rdly bear up a duck.

  “Hi! Captain Pumpernickel!”

  After an interval of alternate hailing
and chewing at bits of grass, both without
result, Huston impatiently boarded and
ran up the leaf-drifted main stairway to
the boiler-deck. A curious figure met him
at the cabin’s entrance.

  “Captain Pumpernickel, I’m Arnold
Huston.”

  The captain of the Frontier City was
struggling into a rusty old coat; but he
now paused half-way in the process, look-
ing more like a man taking off his coat to
fight than one dressing to receive guests.

 “Who?”

  Pumpernickel was aged, it appeared,
beyond all reckoning, but he retained the
pinkness of skin of an over-washed child.
His cheeks were drooping, rounded folds;
his nose a shorter and more bulbous fold,
but equally drooping, laid in the middle.
Beneath the apparently boneless nose his
mouth was an almost circular pucker.
He was the only man Huston had ever
seen that held a cigar straight out under
his nose as he smoked: the shape of the
man’s mouth seemed to explain that he
could have smoked no other way.

  “Captain Arnold Huston,” the river-
man repeated.

  “Well,” said the old man, still poised
in the suspended struggle with his coat,
“you don’t look it.”

  His voice was as dry as the windrowed
leaves with which the deck was cluttered,
but his eyes were of a piercing blue,
round and shiny as glass marbles. He
inspected Huston from the shoelaces up-
ward, so that beneath the brim of his hat
only the flabby old face was visible; until
as they traveled upward, those round
blue eyes seemed to pop from under the
rim of the hat, with an effect that was
startling.

  “No?” said Arnold.

  “You’re a boy,” the old man averred
dogmatically. “You got a face like a boy.
Anyways,” he added uncertainly, “you
have until y’start grinnin’.” He slowly
drew his arms out of the coat sleeves again
and the garment collapsed to the deck
as if overwhelmingly relieved. Captain
Pumpernickel let it lie. “What boat was
y’captain on?”

  “My own boat,” said Huston, “the
Peter Swain. She burned.”

  “That so? Well, I’m glad to see you.
A captain’s a captain—even if he is on’y
a boy. Y’gimme a start at first. I
thought y’was one o’ the capitalists. I
been expectin’ ’em to come see about
buyin’ my boat.”

  He gave Huston a hand like a skeleton
pasted over with parchment.

  “Were they cornin’ today?”

 “How?”

“I say, were the buyers cornin’ today?”
“I dunno if they was cornin’ today.
Mebbe they ain’t cornin’. Hope they
don’t. I jes said I was expectin’ ’em.”
“How long have you been expectin’
’em?” Huston inquired disinterestedly,
peering past him into the cabin of the boat.
“How? Oh—about a year.”

  Huston was surprized into shooting a
quick glance at him. At this point there
appeared from the dark interior of the
cabin a lank, high-hipped, long-striding
cat of extraordinary size. The animal
rubbed a small bony head with enor-
mously long ears against the cabin
timbers, emitted two purrs so loudly that
Huston looked down to see what had
broken loose and disappeared around the
corner of the cabin, striding.

  “Who’s that?” Huston demanded.
“How?” Conversation with Captain
Pumpernickel required perpetual repe-
tition. “That’s just a cat. No par-
tic’lar cat. Come with the boat. Al-
ways ben with the boat. You’re fidgety.
Askin’ who is a cat. Glad to see
y’though.”

 Pumpernickel shook hands with
Huston again in an undecided way, as if
uncertain whether he had done so before
C" not.
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

97

  “Expectin’ to sell. That’s why I ain’t
keepin’ her up better. Don’t want to go
throwin’ good money after bad. Don’t
know whether them capitalists is cornin’
or not. Leave ’em stay away. Want to
make a beggar out of a man. Won’t pay
nothin’. Hurtin’ no one but theirselfs.”
Here Captain Pumpernickel mumbled off
into a procession of virulent blasphemies
that sometimes made his dry voice crack
like a whip and sometimes seemed to be
choking him with their invisible bulk.
“Have a drink,” he concluded.

  He had led the way inside to the
cabin’s best stateroom, a compartment
equipped with a dresser and four-poster
bed, instead of the usual bunks. Here a
stupendous confusion prevailed. The
drawers of the dresser were half out, dis-
gorging unlaundered linen; old suits and
overalls were wrestling among themselves
on the floor, on the bed and on the single
chair; the doors of the wardrobe stood
open, but only one or two things were
hung up inside. A tray of dirty dishes
stood on the dresser, and on the floor near
the door was a second over which Captain
Pumpernickel stumbled with a great
clatter and spluttering of oaths.

  “Eat breakfast in bed,” he explained
in his dry voice. “Cook it night before.
Wake up in mornin’, there she is by the
bed. Cold of course. Better’n gettin’
up though. Man has to use his head—
pervide for himself.”

  Rummaging, he produced a squat
bottle and a pair of glasses that he
cleaned, after some thought, by wiping
with the disordered bed-spread.

   “Well, here’s how.”

  “Luck,” responded Huston, tossing off
two fingers of brandy in a gulp.

   “Place looks like a torpoon struck it,”
Pumpernickel went on disconsolately.
“Ain’t cleaned up lately. Man gets tired
cleanin’ up. That’s nigger work anyway.
. I got better things t’do ’th my time’n to
do work a nigger should be doin’. Time’s
more valyble’n that.”

  “Certainly,” Huston agreed.

  Pumpernickel brooded, his loosely
folded features drooping over his glass.

  “Aim to live like a white man. Can’t
no one do that by doin’ nigger work.
Wasn’t always this way. Times has gone
to the dogs. I used to be captain of this
boat. I’m captain yet. I’ll take her out
an’ run her pretty soon—if times get
better. Got to get capital first. If I
don’t I’ll have to get a ladder to get into
this room. Can’t afford a nigger. All I
got left is this boat. Little money. Not
enough to rent a nigger. Good boat,
though. Damn her anyway! God help
rivermen. Ain’t nothin’ but misery fer a
man runnin’ a boat.”

  “Look here,” said Huston; and Captain
Pumpernickel said, “How?”

  “Why don’t you,” Huston almost shout-
ed, “sell the old boat and get you a little
house and a nigger, and live in comfort?”
“Can’t get nothin’ for it,” Pumper-
nickel said testily. “Ain’t goin’ to sell
fer a price that’ll keep me four or five
years, then leave me without a roof over
my head. They want to make a beggar
out of a man. Don’t want to give
nothin’. Jest as soon see the rightful
captain of the boat settin’ out in the rain.
Make ’em laugh. Say it serves the old
fool right. No, sir! I won’t do it. De-
cided this ain’t a boat no more. It’s a
house. Damn good house! Many a mil-
lionaire ain’t got the ekal. This ain’t the
boiler-deck no more—this is the second
floor. That out there ain’t the guards—
it’s the side gallery. The Texas-house is
the attic an’ the pilot-house is the look-
around cupolo. The galley—”

  The old man seemed game to follow out
the fancy indefinitely, but Huston, grow-
ing impatient, broke into the monologue.

  “Captain, I often meet men that might
be interested in buyin’ a boat—an’
payin’ its full value too. Why don’t you
let me look her over? Maybe I can find a
buyer for you.”

  “How?” said Pumpernickel, cocking
his head to one side; and Huston went
over it all again. When he understood
what Huston was getting at the captain
of the Frontier City remained unenthu-
siastic. “Glad to show you the boat
though,” he decided.
98

ALAN LeMAY

  With this he fell into a reverie, his
glass-marble eyes goggling moodily at
Huston’s knees; and he remained thus
for so long that Huston almost lost hope.
When loud throat-clearings failed to at-
tract the old man’s attention, he went
out to look over the boat for himself.

  Down the leaf-fouled stairs he went,
feeling that the Frontier City was a house
indeed, squatting so flatly in the mud;
and made his way back through the
rubbish of the deck-room to the hatch-
way of the hold. There was water in it,
of course; the wonder to Huston, as he
peered down into the blackness by the
aid of a match, was that there was not
more. He could tell nothing by looking
in from above, so he stripped off his
clothes and, retaining only his long-
bladed knife, lowered himself into three
feet of chill black water in the bottom.

  The steamboat hold was, of necessity,
a shallow affair; in the Frontier City there
was hardly five feet of clearance between
the flooring and the timbers of the deck
above; and this flatly cramped space was
such a forest of trunk-like uprights and
diagonal bracing timbers that a man
could hardly grope his way among them.
The flooring went but a little way to
either side of the central passageway,
where the timbers of the bottom itself
were exposed. For some little time he
worked his way about, feeling the wet
wood here and there with his knife;
and he was both pleased and surprized
by the result. Finally he struck the
knife into the bottom timbers with a
great chunking splash; and, having broken
Jhe blade in the hard wood, was satisfied.

  He turned back toward the dim light
of the hatchway through the black under-
water corridors, a labyrinth like a
catacomb, its flatness making the boat
seem, from this viewpoint, a vast levia-
than. He was suddenly startled by the
vision of Captain Pumpernickel's head,
weirdly hanging skull downward through
the hatch. The eyes were so glassy, and
the flabby features, drooping the other
way now, were so motionless that Huston
thought the man had fallen dead in the

act of leaning over the hatch. A thin
strand of hair that Huston had not
noticed before trailed downward from the
top of the old man’s inverted head like
Spanish moss.

  The suspended head offered speech.

  “Oh, there you are down in the cellar,”
said the desiccated voice. “Ain’t you,
huh?” Pumpernickel seemed anxious to
assure himself that nothing malignantly
mysterious was going on. “Hey! Where
are you, anyway?”

  “I’m here in the hold!” Huston shouted,
suddenly fearful that the old man should
clamp down the hatch upon him in some
senile misconception. “Here in the
hold!”

  “Cellar,” Pumpernickel amended ab-
ruptly, with an apparent loss of inter-
est. The head disappeared, only to de-
scend again a moment later. “Your
clo’es is up here,” said the head inanely.

  “I know it!” yelled Huston.

  Captain Pumpernickel withdrew; Hus-
ton could hear him mumbling to himself
above in the deck-room.

  “What’s he doin’. Clothes up here.
Arnh! He put ’em here hisself—”

  As Huston had almost gained the hatch-
way again the flabby face was suddenly
thrust down again not six inches from
his own. The cracked old voice shouted
mightily in Huston’s ear, Pumpernickel
evidently believing that his visitor was
still in the distant depths of the hold.

  “Be you takin’ a bath?” he shouted.

  “No!” roared Huston, and the head was
snatched away.

  The riverman pursued the remainder of
his examination swiftly and systemati-
cally. Captain Pumpernickel pattered
after him, relating long irrelevancies in
short sentences that alternately rose to an
ear-piercing rasp and sunk to unintel-
ligible mumbles. Before Huston put on
his clothes he lowered himself from the
chocks and went diving and wallowing in
the muck under the boat as far as he could
reach, in an examination of the outer
sheathing. Pumpernickel was still talk-
ing each time Huston emerged from
the mud, exactly as if he had never
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

99

noticed his guest’s submersion at all.

  Later, as he bathed in a clear pool of
water a hundred yards aft the Frontier
City, Huston studied the lines of the idle
boat with an increasing appreciation.
At first sight she was homely enough; but
her timbers were true as the day she was
made, and he reflected with satisfaction
how trim she could look with her Texas-
house reduced by half, her boiler-deck
lengthened forward and fresh paint over
every inch of her dingy gray. By the
time he had completed his inspection he
knew what he was going to do.

  “How would you like a job as mate on
a boat?” he asked tentatively.

  “How? No, sir!” Pumpernickel’s ve-
hemence might have been surprizing, had
not Huston understood that the old man’s
proposal to return to the river had no
grounding in actual intent. “Never!”
said Pumpernickel again. “I don’t want
nothin’ to do with runnin’ no boat.
Misery. Not me. I been through the
mill. I got a good residence here. I
know when I’m well off. If I was offered
a thousand dollars a day I’d not—”

  Huston tried a new tack.

  “When I quit the river,” he said, “I’m
goin’ to live on somebody else’s boat.
I’ll take it easy, and I’ll have everythin’
a man could want. Cabin niggers to
clean out my room, the best meals in the
country, breakfast in bed—”

  “Yes you will!” Pumpernickel burst
out. His drooping features quivered
with a suggestion of rage, but his sharp *
blue eyes, being perfectly round and
glassy, could of course express nothing.
“When you get old you’ll be like me.
You’ll turn your boat into a house, be-
cause nobody’ll give you nothin’ for it.
Takes money to be a cabin passenger.
Rivermen make money—I’ve made
plenty. But what does it get you? All
gets away. Leaves you where you
started from. Show me the riverman
that ever got anywhere? Every damn one
dies broke!”

  Huston could have named an unlimited
number of rivermen who had gotten
somewhere, but he did not trouble him-

self. “If you got enough money for your
boat to ride the river as a cabin passenger
the rest of your life, would you sell?”

  “D’you think I’m crazy?”

  “How much do you ask?” Huston de-
manded abruptly.

  “Seventeen thousand,” said the dry
voice.

  “You’re three times higher than you’ll
ever get,” Huston told him.

  Captain Pumpernickel stared at him
while he developed himself to a state of
complete enragement. It took the great er
part of a minute for the old man to achieve
this, but when it was accomplished he
fairly jiggled.

  “You’re jest like the rest,” he shrilled.
“Want to cheat me. Won’t give nothin’.
Don’t care if—”

  “Come down a little!” Huston shouted
back at him. “Come down within
reason!”

  “Not a damn ccnt! Not a damn cent!
I won’t hear—”

  Huston could hear the fussing stern-
wheeler poking her way back down the
bayou. In not so many minutes her
stageplank would be out for him, and he
would have the opportunity of leaving
his business unfinished or staying with
old Pumpernickel until next day.

  “Listen!” said Huston so harshly that
the old man’s tirade ceased. “I’ll give
you two hundred dollars a year for life.
And—”

  “I won’t hear it! I won’t—” Pumper-
nickel bounced up and down on the balls
of his feet.

  “Listen!” Huston checked him again.
“If you sell me the boat on those terms
I’ll put her on the river, and I’ll give you
free cabin passage for as long as you live.
I’ll sign a contract for that.”

  Pumpernickel was given pause. His
drooping features relaxed from their
temporary distortion.

  “How?” he said presently.

  Huston explained it again. The prop-
osition soaked in slowly, but when
it had penetrated it was plain that
most of the wind was out of the old
man’s sails.
100

ALAN LeMAY

  “You’ll have to come higher,” he con-
tended querulously. “Don’t think you
can come it over me! You’re only a boy.
I know what I’m about. I—”

  “Three hundred dollars a year,” said
Huston. “And that’s my last word.”

  The whistle of the sternwheeler was
shrieking for her landing, with a volume
of sound suggesting that a mighty five-
decker was going to emerge from the
willows, instead of a scant two decks with
a pill box of a pilot-house on top.

“I’m leaving on that boat,” said
Huston. “Are you interested or not?”
“Don’t push me,” Pumpernickel
warned him. “Because I ain’t to be
pushed! I—”

  “All right. I’ll buy another boat.
Sorry we can’t come to terms.”

  He thrust out his hand. The old cap-
tain shook hands dazedly, and Huston
turned to the stairs.

  “Where y’goin’?” demanded Pumper-
nickel, coming to life. “Let’s talk this
over! Mebbe we can—”

“Shall I bring the contract tomorrow?”
“Well—stay over, Captain! We got to
talk this thing out. I don’t want to—”
The bayou steamboat was sagging to a
stop at the mouth of the inlet. A hail
came from her hurricane roof:

  “Cap’n Huston! Yuh cornin’?”

  “Yes!” he roared back. Then to Pum-
pernickel, “Good-by, Captain!”

  He ran down the stair and sprang
across the grass-grown stageplank. A
cry that was like a shout of*despair hailed
him from the boiler deck of the Frontier
City, checking Huston on the path.
Captain Pumpernickel had come to the
rail. He looked a pathetic figure, stand-
ing there outworn and old by the bleared
woodwork of his boat. He seemed to be
vainly pulling up against the droop of his
whole frame, as if the tentacles of the
years were climbing up to gather him in,
as the long stems of the wood-vines were
creeping up from the shore to cover the
Frontier City. And there were the marks
of a long despair in the loosely folded
face with the puckered lips, as if the man
might be ghost-ridden by night.

  “Bring the contract,” he shouted. The
cracked voice was almost conciliating.
“Bring it tomorrow! Won’t do no harm.
Have a look an' see what it is.”

  “All right!” Huston shouted back.

  He grinned as he ran down the path.

 XIV

HUSTON and Wallace had bought the
Frontier City in early December.
As Christmas drew near, Arnold’s plans
for his new boat were already taking
visible form.

  These days were the happiest that
Huston had known since he first had
taken possession of the ill-fated Peter
Swain. The Mississippi River, at once
the background and the lifestream of
their project, was at this season teeming
with a renewed life. The cotton crop was
just beginning to bear down upon all
means of transportation with the full
weight of its mass; and under their
towering loads the steamboats plied the
great waterway, rejoicing. Parties of
planters and their families traveled the
river to St. Louis, to Memphis, to Vicks-
burg or to New Orleans, hastening to
brighten the holidays by expending some
part of the wealth promised by the crop.
On the bigger boats bands played, and
there was gayety and dancing every night.

  Down in New Orleans, the second port
of the nation, the winter weather alter-
nated between periods of relenting sun-
shine, when it seemed to be midsummer
once more, and intervals of rawness in
which it rained every day. At the same
time reports came down river that the
steamboat Catty Mandarin, in attempting
a final run to St. Paul, had become
locked in the ice and was indefinitely de-
layed, waiting for a thaw.

  The river was running high, swelled by
the periodically thawing northern snows.
But ultimate high water would come two
months later, so that the fullest flood was
still well ahead. Similarly, the high flood
of river trade was also ahead, giving the
steamboat men reason to look forward
to prosperity still greater than that they
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

101

already enjoyed. Christmas was coming,
high water was coming, the boom days of
the crop were on their way; and the
steamboats rushed at their work with
a song.

  You could scarcely step out on to the
bank of the broad Mississippi, in those
days, without sighting a steamboat; at no
part of the river were their bellowing
whistles silent for long. Their good gray
smoke was almost always visible some
place to the people of the river-bottom
plantations, encouraging them with their
implications of thriving trade and the
bright beckoning of prosperous towns.

  Through these days Huston and Mark
Wallace worked in a frenzy of enthu-
siasm, each in his own way. The articles
of incorporation had been drawn up to
their satisfaction at last, Huston in-
sisting upon and obtaining a wide lati-
tude of control. Each of them had found
his work and his place.

  Mark Wallace was proving himself a
business manager of no mean ability. He
had grown haggard under the eyes before
those loans that he had arranged were
finally consummated. But, to Huston’s
cynical surprize, he eventually delivered
all he had promised; though it was doubt-
ful if he could have turned up a dollar
more, had it been essential. In the inter-
im between the floating of the loans and
the launching of the boat he was acting as
a purchasing agent, in which role he was
proving himself equally efficient.

   Meantime, the Frontier City still squat-
ted in the mud, for the high water that
was necessary for her extraction from the
bayou would hasten for no man, nor
moderate itself for any when it came.
Until she could be floated out and taken
to drydock, they could do little to repair
her hull; they kept her pumped dry
within, to discourage rot, but the caulking
had to wait. There was much, however,
that could be done where she lay.
Huston, eager to have her ready in time to
get the benefit of the boom days of the
crop, pressed the work forward with un-
ceasing energy.

   Since the Frontier City could not go to

the yards for repairs, men and materials
were brought to her remote retreat.
Cooks came first. Next, two young men
appeared with drafting outfits. For
some days they worked long hours under
Huston’s direction, making measure-
ments and drawing plans. Here matters
seemed to pause for a bit. But Huston
labored with unflagging haste, and the
final plans for the Frontier City's alter-
ations appeared in his hands at last.

  Now the peace of the deep-hidden
bayou was disturbed in good earnest.
Great stacks of lumber were thrown
thundering on to her forecastle, and the
next boat after its arrival brought a crew
of carpenters and their assisting slaves.
Thirty negroes, each burdened with his
personal supply of sowbelly, corn-meal,
molasses and black-eyed peas now arrived,
the first allotment of the slaves arranged
for by Huston on his visit to that old
bear of the bayous, Walt Gunn. The
boat swarmed with life, and the huge
galley-range was not again allowed to
grow cold.

  All day long the clatter of hammers
sounded in the bayou in accompaniment
to the screech of drawn nails. Down
came the pilot-house, and the whole
huge, overbalancing structure of the
Texas. Off came the whole front works
of the upper decks and cabin, whose
stubbiness had always given the boat a
peculiar sawed-off, repulsed appearance.
Stacks of rubbish beside the boat began
to grow. The guards were piled with
nail-kegs, tool-lockers, rope coils, tackle
rigging, mill work, straw-packed cases of
glass.

  The framework of the extended cabin
and upper deck appeared, giving in a
single day an entirely different swing to
the boat’s lines. A new long, low Texas-
house took form on the hurricane roof
where the disproportionate one had once
caught the wind. It was surmounted in
turn by a new pilot-house, long and
commodious, in place of the extraordinary
spindling tower that had served before.

  The slaves from Walt Gunn were set to
work with scouring bricks, holystone and
102

ALAN LeMAY

sandpaper, dressing down the decks and
cleaning the scaling paint from the main
structure that was to remain. They
sanded down the white and mahogany
woodwork of the cabin, leveled the warp-
ing narrow boards of the decks, made
every inch of her wood ready for new
paint.

  Through the reign of commotion Cap-
tain Pumpernickel survived in a daze.
Occasionally he offered an ineffectual
suggestion; but for the most part he kept
out of the way nearly as well, though with
less equanimity, than that lank, high-
hipped cat, whose detached poise bore a
touch of genius.

  But by far most important of all to
the destiny of the Frontier City was the
advent of Arthur MacMaugh.

  MacMaugh was a steamboat engineer,
an engine-room engineer. In figure he was
singularly tall, and bony in the extreme;
he was not noticeably well proportioned,
running to too great prominence of
wrists and knees. But his hands, from
which the engine-oil grime never quite
disappeared, were at once powerfully and
delicately strong, giving the impression
that they could with equal ease bend a
horseshoe out of shape or adjust the
mechanism of a watch.

  He had a great rock of a head, covered
with a shock of unkempt hair, the color
of mud; it was commonly in need of a cut,
for MacMaugh was accustomed to forget
about those things. His big face was
irregularly lined into lumpy sections, as if
he had carved it out himself from the
original rock with one of his own cold-
chisels, and without the aid of a
mirror. It was a strong face, though,
with prominent thin lips and eyes at once
kindly and very hard-bearing. And he
was no more Scotch in soul than the bag-
pipes of Auchtermuchty.

  MacMaugh had not accepted the berth
on the Frontier City unqualifiedly. Hus-
ton had been at pains to'seek him im-
mediately upon his definite acquisition
of the boat. He had tracked him down
at last in the engine-room of a sea-going
tug, sitting with the engines after the

hours of his watch, absently feeding him-
self a stick of cornbread with one hand and
making small figures in a notebook with
the other. He had listened to Huston’s
story solemnly.

  “It’s my own private belief,” Huston
told him, “that this boat has one of the
fastest hulls on the river. She’s not much,
otherwise, so I expect to make the most
of that. I’ll do anythin’ within reason
to give her speed.”

  “I’m no great hand on specifications,”
said MacMaugh in his low, rather thick-
tongued voice.

  “It isn’t specifications I want,” Huston
returned, “but an engineer.”

  “And are there none idle?” MacMaugh
asked.

  “There are idle men in every pro-
fession,” said Huston. “I’ve had enough
of idle engineers.”

  MacMaugh smiled; and in the end he
agreed to come and have a look. More
than that he would not say.

  As they rode the river to the place
where the Frontier City lay, Huston was
at pains to reveal to the engineer the
exact state of the finances of the boat,
together with a somewhat modified ver-
sion of his own plans.

  “Why do you tell me this?” MacMaugh
asked.

  “Because it is of interest to you.”

  “It is not.”

  “Then you are not the man for the
job,” Huston said.

  “Of that we shall see,” said MacMaugh.

  When they at last arrived at the loca-
tion of the boat it was four o’clock in the
afternoon, but Arthur MacMaugh never-
theless slowly changed into overalls and
disappeared in the engine-room. He was
submerged nine hours and seventeen
minutes, by Huston’s watch; during
which time they had to send him his
supper, as he did not come out in answer
either to the bell or to personal hails.
Huston left him undisturbed during this
period, judging as well as he could by the
occasional noises from the engine-room
what MacMaugh was about.

  At one time a loud prolonged battering
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

103

was heard, as if the Scotch engineer had
decided to wreck the entire equipment
with a sledge hammer. Again, a call
came for firemen; and for an hour and a
half thick twin columns of smoke poured
from the stacks. Just before the last of
Captain Pumpernickel’s wood supply was
exhausted the fires were drawn; and
thereafter there was such a long silence
in the engine-room that Huston was of the
opinion that the tall engineer had gone to
sleep.

  A little after one o’clock in the morning,
however, some time after Huston had
sent midnight coffee down, MacMaugh
appeared on the boiler-deck, and came to
slump into a chair beside Huston. There
was a silence.

  “What do you think of her?” Huston
asked at last.

  “Hopeless,” said MacMaugh.

  “What seems to be thematter withher?”
  “Everything.”

  “What are you goin’ to do?”

  “Go back to my tug. When you have
decided what you are willing to put into
her, you might let me know.”

  “That’s for you to decide,” said Huston
disinterestedly.

  “What is?”

  “What to put into her.”

  “But you are the owner,” drawled
MacMaugh.

  “You are the engineer. I want to put
in an entirely different kind of hook-up
down there. Of course, if you don’t feel
equal—”

  “Why didn’t you say so in the first
place?” MacMaugh demanded. “I have
spent the greater part of a night, ex-
amining those engines!”

  Huston grinned.

  “I thought you might be interested in
findin’ out what made her slow before.”
“Ugh!” said MacMaugh.

“I want you to see to the purchase, in-
stallation and management of the Fron-
tier City's new power,” Huston told him.
“If you’re not the man for it, say so.”
“And if I wish to spend—”

  “I will affix my name to the checks.”
  “But if I spend too much—”

  “You will break the company, and the
boat will come back to her bayou. You
know just what means we have, for I’ve
told you. I want a fast boat. I think the
Frontier City has the makings of one of the
fastest on the river.”

  “Aye?” said MacMaugh sourly.

  “Yes,” said Huston.

  MacMaugh knocked out his pipe upon
the rail.

  “I’ll think it over in the morning,” he
growled, and stumped off to his state-
room.

  Huston, sleeplessly pacing the deck
with a headful of ambitious dreams,
nevertheless perceived, presently, that
there was a light going in the engine-
room again; and, peering down the well of
the precipitous stairway, he was enter-
tained by the sight of Arthur MacMaugh
sitting at the engineer’s station in a long
white nightgown, smoking slowly. It was
almost three o’clock before the engine-
room was at last dark.

  The ungainly engineer was at his re-
newed investigations early the next day;
and for four days he appeared only at
meals. Sometimes he smoked for hours,
his eyes apparently absorbed by some
inconsequential valve. At other times he
made a great number of measurements.
He was known to have spent a mysterious
hour and a half in the starboard paddle-
box; again, he prowled for an entire fore-
noon in the flat black galleries of the hold.
One day he spent several hours with two
gangs of negroes, who hauled a heavy rope
from stem to stem under the keel. And
he used up all the stationery on the boat
by covering it with algebra. It was ap-
parent to Huston that MacMaugh already
knew so much more about the Frontier
City than he ever would, that he was
made to feel he had bought a pig in a poke.

  Through it all MacMaugh preserved an
attitude of the deepest gloom.

  At eleven o’clock at night, following
the fourth day of his obscure investiga-
tions, MacMaugh sought out Huston.
For a time he sat facing the young cap-
tain, his hands slowly rubbing his knees.
He appeared to be engaged in the deepest
104

ALAN LeMAY

thought. At last he addressed Huston
with the air of one imparting a most singu-
lar discovery.

  “My friend,” he said with surprizing
conviction, “you have the makings of a
very fast boat.”

  The suggestion of a spark glowed deep
under the brows of the steel-gray eyes;
for the first time since Huston had known
MacMaugh the man seemed brightened
by an actively living interest. Huston
was deeply gratified; so much so'that he
did not even smile at the solemn restate-
ment of what he had told MacMaugh in
the first place.

  “Well?” said Huston.

  “Well?” said MacMaugh.

  “Will you undertake to power this
boat?”

  “I will, sir—under the arrangement
that you suggested.”

  “Send me the checks to be signed, with
just a notation of what the main ex-
penditures were for.”

   “I’ll start at once.”

  He left the mud-grounded Frontier City
the next morning. Once thereafter, in the
next six weeks, he conferred with Huston
as to the dry-docking of the boat. Other-
wise he did not appear either at the boat
or at the pigeonhole of an office that Mark
Wallace had set up in Decatur street.
From time to time word came from him
by messenger or by mail; it invariably
consisted of a long list of expenditures
made out in MacMaugh’s small, neat
hand, the account detailed down to the
last penny’s worth of washers or bit of
waste.

  Arnold Huston read these lists with
avidity, partly because their very com-
pleteness assured him of the care Mac-
Maugh was taking that no time or means
should be lost once the Frontier City was
afloat. But chiefly because the lists told
him graphically of the progress made
toward powering his boat. Slowly he
read from week to week of the assembling
of the engines through the acquisition of
an extraordinary number of individual
parts found in diverse places. It ap-
peared that MacMaugh intended to

assemble his engines from the greatest
possible number of old wrecks. Huston’s
faith in the Scotchman, however, was un-
shaken. And Mark Wallace was elated
at the smallness of the checks that were
clipped to each list for them to sign.

  So time passed. The carpentering and
interior work on the Frontier City was done.
She was ready to paint. She was painted.
All was ready for the water to come to
float her to her dry docks for hull work
and the installation of her engines. They
waited, it seemed, interminably.

  Then at last, in the last few days of
January, the old yellow-brown river rose
and rose, breaking a levee here, ripping
cross-country to shorten a bend there. All
concerned lived on the Frontier City for
three days, pacing restlessly, drinking
much, praying for that last necessary foot
of water. It came, and she floated!
With MacMaugh’s pumps singing, the
brilliantly white boat took to the river
again, floating high and proudly in spite
of the ignominy of being towed by that
stubby little sternwheeler.

  “We’ll be at ’em soon!” Huston said as
they stood on the moving hurricane roof.
“Oh lord, Mark, it’s damned near
time!”

XV

IT WAS late in that long month during
which the Frontier City lay in dock
that Arnold was next sought out by his
cousin. Will Huston found the riverman
in a cabin of the Frontier City, of course;
Arnold, now heart and soul in the service
of his boat, was seldom away from her.
He never slept except in tbe captain’s
cabin in the Texas, and though his
thoughts sometimes turned against his
will to the house on the Rue Chartres,
they for the most part followed the inter-
ests of the Frontier City as hounds follow
a cottontail.

  Will Huston came, beautifully dressed
in the rather distinguished planter’s garb
that he affected. He wore a long coat of
gunmetal gray, and pleated shirt, over
which hung a tie hardly wider than a
shoestring, in long loops. The carriage
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

105

of his head was proud, though naturally
so, so that the flared points of his very
high collar gave no appearance of dis-
commoding him. But he was not so tall
that he needed to take off his soft hat to
go through doors, and he did not remove
it as he entered Huston’s neat cabin.

  Mark Wallace and Arnold Huston were
sitting at the latter’s narrow table,
checking through certain lists of- supplies.
Mark rose and bowed slightly and very
coolly as Arnold’s erstwhile dueling antag-
onist came in; Arnold’s nod was more
genial, though suggestive of no respect.
“Well, say it,” suggested Will Huston.
It seemed to Arnold that the green-
gray eyes in the pale smooth face were a
little feverish above their dark circles.

  “I beg your pardon?” said the river-
man; and there the cousins stuck, staring
at each other like two waiting dogs.

  “I think your meaning eludes him,”
Mark suggested to Will.

  “I think not,” said Will Huston, re-
garding the lean man at the table with a
sort of polite disgust.

  “I beg to differ,” said Arnold. “I
haven’t the remotest notion what you’re
standin’ there gogglin’ about.”

  “It is my cousin’s gentlemanly cus-
tom,” said Will Huston, “to invariably
address me wherever we may meet by
saying, ‘Well, you ass?’ ”

  He mimicked Arnold’s voice more
odiously than realistically, revealing the
evil state of his temper. Mark Wallace
was forced to conceal sudden laughter by
choking in his handkerchief. Arnold
showed only a slight flush of irritation.

  “However,” Will Huston went on, “if
he is going to omit the usual formality,
perhaps we may as well get on with the
discussion for which I came.”

  “By all means,” said Arnold, “let’s
proceed at once with the quarrelia’.
What’s the outrage this time?”

  “That, I think, is a personal matter
between the two of us alone.”

  “Oh, rubbish!” said Arnold with annoy-
ance. “Mark Wallace is completely in
my confidence. Now out with—”

  “Oh, no,” protested Mark, his fine dark

eyes wandering sorrowfully from one to
the other. “You’ll most certainly excuse
me, I am sure.”

  They did not object further as he went
out. When the door had closed behind
Mark, Will Huston drew a light chair
near the table at which his cousin sat. He
seated himself, crossed his legs, thrust his
hands deep into his pockets and for a time
stared moodily at his knees.

  “I hardly know how to make myself
clear to a person like you,” he said at last.
He favored Arnold with the briefest up-
ward flick of his green-gray eyes, then fell
to contemplating his knees again.

  “Regrettable,” said Arnold cheerfully.
“You were born into a good enough
family,” Will Huston went on, affecting
the air of the musing philosopher with a
success which his nervousness marred.
“I have heard that your father was a fel-
low without merit. It seems fairly ap-
parent that this must be true.”

  The faintest suggestion of an ironical?
smile tightened the riverman’s thin lips,
and disappeared again. He watched Will
Huston with an expression of concealed
entertainment, eyes half closed and mouth
partly open—an expression so unusual to
him that it came near giving Will tho
fidgets when he glanced up at him again.

  “In any case, it is an indisputable fact
that you have sacrificed your own social
position.”

  “Ah,” said Arnold noncommittally.
“In what way?”

  “You squandered your family fortune.
You—”

  “I?” Arnold interrupted. “Which
one?”

  “You and your father between you,
then. You threw away your opportunity
for an education. You degraded yourself
to the level of a wharf rat. It’s common
knowledge that you killed a man with a
chair in a Natchez gambling dive—”
“You astonish me,” said Huston.
“When was this?”

  “Do you mean to deny it?”

  “No. The incident may have slipped
my memory.”

  “In any case, you’ve got to be pretty
106

ALAN LeMAY

well known as a drunken brawler, con-
sorting with the most disreputable asso-
ciates—”

  It was impossible for Will Huston to
say these things to his cousin without a
high degree of perturbation. He was at-
tempting, Arnold could see, to give the
iron-and-velvet impression, but his voice
was less cold and hard than he must have
wished it, and an occasional tremor in the
muscles of his smooth face betrayed his
tension. Arnold became curious.

  “Well, what about it?”

  “You persist in certain aspirations,”
Will answered, affecting the coldly pre-
cise, “which, under the circumstances, are
necessarily odious to all concerned.” He
looked at his cousin squarely, and the
malevolence in his green eyes was
genuine.

  Arnold was mystified.

  “If I want to launch boats,” he said,
“I’m goin’ to launch boats. And the rest
of the Hustons can—”

  “I consider myself,” said Will, “to be
speaking in the interests of the Shepherd
family.”

“So that’s it!” Arnold sat back.
“You’re authorized to do so, I suppose?”
“You know as well as I do that Earl
Shepherd is the last man to delegate
any one else to speak for him.”

  “Oh, you’re self-elected then?”

  “You can put it that way.”

  “A very pretty display of cheek,”
Arnold commented without heat.

  Will Huston flushed.

  “You are very well aware,” he said,
“that Caroline Shepherd’s father is a
doddering old man, living nowadays en-
tirely in the past. It’s plain to anybody
that he hardly has sense enough left to
get himself fed and dressed, and probably
wouldn’t if it weren’t for his servants—
let alone being competent to guard the
interests of the young girl who happens
to be his daughter.”

  “I certainly hope,” said Arnold, “that
Earl Shepherd will appreciate your put-
tin’ in a word for him this way.”

  “Her mother,” Will went on, biting
down the resentment with which his

cousin always inspired him, “is a most
estimable woman, but—”

  “Now you be careful,” Arnold advised
conversationally.

  “—but has led a sheltered life, which
has certainly not fitted her for coping
with the schemings of unscrupulous
rivermen.”

  “You make me sick,” said Huston.
“You have seen fit,” Will continued,
forcing himself on through a situation
that, though of his own making, was yet
bitterly distasteful to him, “to take ad-
vantage of this circumstance to gain a
singularly objectionable hold upon the
mind of a virtually unprotected girl—”
Arnold suddenly exploded.

  “What do you mean, sir!”

  “Exactly what I say—sir!” With a
terrific effort Will Huston maintained his
affectation of detached coldness, even
forcing a tone of irony into the last word.

  “If I understand you,” said his cousin,
“I have every right to shoot you where
you sit.”

  “It would be becoming to your char-
acter to shoot an unarmed man, I have no
doubt. On the other hand, if you wish to
meet me again, any time or place will
suit me. Last time you got off with a
slight wound. I can’t guarantee to be so
lenient another time.”

  “We’re not gon’ through another long
rigmarole for the purpose of seein’ you
faint with fright at the sound of my
pistol,” Arnold informed him. “Your
last exhibition was sufficiently disgustin’.”
Will Huston’s face went scarlet with
rage, his eyes blazed greenly. For a
moment Arnold thought Will would fling
himself bodily across the table. He par-
tially recovered himself, however.

  “I came here to warn you,” Will got
out at last, trying hard to bring his
quivering voice back to a level of cold-
ness. “I persist in my intention.”

  He paused, seeking to control himself,
and Arnold said judicially—

  “Come on with the next insult.”

  “Your insolence may be monstrous,”
said Will Huston, “but you nevertheless
find yourself in a singularly precarious
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

107

position.” His voice was more success-
fully menacing than Huston had ever
heard it. “I happen to know better than
any one else, perhaps, just what your
ambitions are and how much they mean
to you. I also know exactly what you
have been doing and how. For one thing,
you have gone into bankruptcy, on the
strength of the burning of the Peter
Swain. Immediately on top of that you
have formed another company. I know
exactly where you got the capital for that,
and how.”

  “Very clever, I must say.”

  “How you persuaded Mark Wallace is
a mystery to me. I can only think that he
is an idle-headed dreamer, easily over-
borne. Anyway, the mass of your re-
sources came from him. More than that,
I know just where he stands financially.
I don’t know whether you know it or not,
but Wallace has put himself into a re-
markably fragile financial position. Half
his funds rest on call notes, and the other
half are unstable.”

  “Your interest is flatterin’, but—”
“You may not realize it, but you are
walking a singularly unsteady financial
tight-rope.”

  “Well?”

  “I don’t think you are so badly in-
formed that you don’t know that I am
now the controlling factor in very large
financial interests.”

  “As nearly as I can judge,” Arnold
agreed, “your father’s death slid you into
a very soft thing. Hardly so big, though,
as it seems to you when you have every-
thin’ all muddled up.”

  “You are too poorly educated, of
course,” Will Huston went on insolently,
“to know anything about the wheels
within wheels that control the financial
world. You’ll have to take my word for
it that I can personally be a considerable
factor. You happen to be wrong in
thinking the interests I’m handling are
small. But even if you were right, a small
cog in the situation can move the whole
machine.”

  Will Huston had found opportunity to
recover his mental balance before

Arnold’s relaxed air of interest. He went
on coldly, with his eyes keen and narrow.

  “You now have a chance for success. I
hold nothing against you; I shall be glad
to see you attain it. At the same time I
consider that you are acting reprehen-
sibly and out of all proportion to your
station, in aspiring to Caroline Shepherd.”
Arnold Huston’s increase of interest was
sudden and unfeigned.

  “What did she say that threw you into
this panic, Will?”

  “She has never mentioned your name.”
“You think my absence has depressed
her or somethin’ like that?”

  “She has been nothing at all but her-
self.”

  “You said a funny thing awhile ago,”
Arnold insisted. “Somethin’ about some
hold you thought I had on the girl. You’ll
have to explain that, I think.”

  “I am a student of character,” said
Will, according himself the most popular
bit of self-flattery known to man. “I
have an unusual faculty for reading
people.”

  “Is that all you base your silly assump-
tions on?”

  “Sufficient, I think,” Will answered,
flushing.

  “In short,” Arnold pursued, “you can’t
make any headway yourself, so naturally
you blame me!”

  Will’s gorge was visibly rising again.
“That’s entirely outside the point,” he
declared.

  “Well then?”

  Will Huston, with a heroic effort,
whipped himself into the attack.

  “I mean to say this: You are entirely
unfitted, by your own choices, to—to
enter the Shepherd family. And I wish to
propose—forcibly propose that you with-
draw from the situation, absolutely and
entirely.”

  “Will, Will! You’re outdoin’ your-
self!”

  “Don’t be in a hurry to laugh, my tight-
rope walker!”

  “What?”

  Will Huston rushed on furiously in a
stumbling torrent of words.
108

ALAN LeMAY

  “If you pertinaciously continue your
intrusions—”

  “Intrusions?”

  “You don’t deny that you are courting
Caroline Shepherd?”

  “I deny that it’s any of your damned
business if I am or not!”

  “If you go on with that, you are going
to lose, and lose heavily! You were only
a wharf rat to begin with and you’ll be
just that and no more again, if you persist
in thinking that your interests are sep-
arable from my assistance!”

  “D’you mean you’re offerin’ a bribe?”
“Your financial predicament is a very
perilous one. I’m certainly not offering a
bribe. I’m calling your attention to a
situation.” Will was white-faced and
trembling.

  “A threat, then?”

  “Call it that if you want to!”

  Arnold sat back to study the spectacle
that his cousin presented; and his chief
emotion was that of mystified amaze-
ment. Looking at the other calmly, for
all his annoyance with the man, Huston
was at a loss, at first, to account for his
cousin’s extraordinary outbreak.

  “He can’t be so stupid,” Arnold was
thinking, “that he believes he can handle
me that way!”

  Will’s smooth, rather round-cheeked
face was paler than usual in his self-
punishing wrath; but there was a quiver
in the man’s voice, and a suppressed
flame in his eyes that might have been
madness, for all Arnold knew.

  “In the first place,” Arnold thought
analytically, “he hates me; he has always
hated me. When I look him in the eye I
have the edge on him, and he hates me all
the more for that. Now, he’s gone out
of his head over this girl. He leads him-
self to believe that I stand in the way. He
frets and fumes, getting a little crazier
each time he is checked. He persuades
himself that I am doing the girl a wrong,
in addition to discommoding him. Fi-
nally he comes here, wild-eyed, and makes
a desperate silly play—”

  But Arnold’s logic was unconvincing to
himself. Never having been out of his

head over a girl, he could not compre-
hend Will’s state, even when he had dia-
gramed it.

  “What the devil’s the matter with
you?” he demanded suddenly.

  “Not nearly as much as you might
wish. I find myself in a dominating
position, I think.”

  “I congratulate you!”

  “By God,” Will burst out, “I’ll take the
damned mockery out of you if it’s my last
act!” He got up so suddenly that his
chair upset with a futile small clatter.
His nostrils were white and trembling.

  Arnold was angered by sheer contagion.
A moment before he had pitied his cousin
almost to the point of telling him that he
had no further interest in Caroline Shep-
herd, and that she certainly had never
had any interest in him. But the tension
had become too much for him, and his
temper broke.

  “You fool,” he cried, “d’you think you
can?”

  He was grinning, the strong teeth and
the thin creases of the cheeks taking the
youth out of his face. His smile could be
an ugly sort of thing.

  “We’ll damned Well find out!”

  Will Huston’s anger was not explosive
and destroying as was Arnold’s. Like
most of his other violent emotions it
turned inward, tightening his muscles
until he was racked with the tension.
Thus the door did not slam after him as he
went out, but closed uncertainly, with a
shaking latch.

  When he was gone Mark Wallace re-
turned.

  “You missed something,” said Huston
dryly. “Your delicacy is too great for
your own advantage.”

  “My delicacy did not prevent me from
listening on the other side of the par-
tition,” said Mark with a faint smile.
“What the devil do you want to have
love affairs for? This is a fine time for it,
I must say!”

  “I haven’t any love affair. Will and I
have nothin’ in common in that respect,
nor in any other.”

  “But Will—”
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

109

  “He doesn’t know what he’s talkin’
about—as usual. As far as Caroline
Shepherd is concerned, I’m out. Have
been for a long time.”

  “Then why in God’s name didn’t you
tell him so?”

  “I wouldn’t tell him anythin’. D’you
mean to think he can come here and—”
“Oh, your damned stiff-necked pride, I
suppose,” said Mark with some heat. “I
suppose you know that this silliness is apt
to put us all in a very ticklish position?”
“Ybu mean he can carry out his
threats?”

  Mark considered; he seemed to be
trying to give a fair answer.

  “I don’t know,” he decided.

  “Well, it’s up to you to see that he
doesn’t,” said Huston testily. “Finance
is your end; steamboatin’ is mine.”

! “That’s all very well—if you’d stick to
steamboating. But if you go pulling three
or four banks down on our heads you’re
liable to find yourself without any steam-
boat. And putting the responsibility off
on me isn’t going to get her back, either.”
“Well what the devil do you think I can
do about it?”

   “If worst comes to worst you’ll have to
eat crow, that’s what you’ll have to do,
my friend. You may have to apologize
to him and ask him to call off his dogs.”
“Can you imagine my doin’ that,
Mark?”

  “I can imagine your breaking yourself
and me too, if you get one of your damned
bull-headed streaks!”

   “It isn’t as if,” said Huston soberly, “it
would do any good if I did. You have
no idea of the bitterness of that man.”
“Oh rubbish! A quarrel over a girl—”
“That has almost nothin’ to do with it.
My father and my uncle were bitter
enemies before I was bom. They—”
“Oh, another pack of rubbish!”

  “Not altogether. The quarrel had its
beginnin’ in the existence of Will Huston
himself.”

  “What has—”

  “Will Huston thinks he’s my cousin.
He’s not.”

  “He’s not what?”

  “He’s not my cousin. We’re closer than
that, it happens. He’s my half-brother.”
“What?”

  “Will’s mother died at his birth. My
uncle accepted Will as his son, knowing
that he was no such thing.”

  “How do you know?”

  “I have my father’s word for it.”
  “But—”

  “No one knows it but myself, now that
my father and Dennison Huston are dead.
I’m tellin’ you now because you were
gettin’ ready to try to force a situation
you knew nothin’ about. Now, if you
have the intelligence I credit you with,
maybe you can imagine my uncle’s bitter-
ness toward my father and myself. May-
be you can appreciate their family religion
—that Anastasius Huston’s breed is to be
squelched at all costs.”

  They sat looking at each other.

  “Now,” said Arnold, “what do you
think of that?”

  “I think,” said Mark Wallace dryly,
“that I’ve bet into a stacked deck.”
“You’ll, have to make the most of it!”

                                    r

XVI

“■\70U NEVER come to see me any
X more,” Jacqueline DuMoyne said.
He had visited her perhaps half a dozen
times in the last two months. It seemed
to him, however, as if he had haunted her
beyond all reason. His days, and a good
part of his nights, had been filled with
the labor involved in the making ready
of the Frontier City. He certainly had
had enough to fill his mind and make
dreamless his short hours of sleep. Yet
each time he left her house he had im-
mediately begin thinking about when he
would see her again. He would put it off
as long as he could, avoiding the issue
from day to day, until he could deceive
himself no more. His self-deception had
been fairly successful, and the intervals
between his visits correspondingly long.
But she didn’t know, of course, how
many times, at late hours of the
night, he had walked past that great
arched door.
110

ALAN LeMAY

  “I wonder that you let me come at all.”
  “I shouldn’t, I know.”

  “Why?” he asked defiantly.

  She ignored that.

  “Tell me about the boat.”

  “She’ll launch Saturday.”

  “Captain! You sound as if you didn’t
care if she launched at all!”

  “I’m tired, I guess. Getting old. I
can’t remember that I used to get tired
at all.”

  “Old? At twenty-seven?” She always
knew more about him than he had ex-
pected.

  “I’m older than you are, anyway.”
“Does that have to be so terribly old?”
He felt the blackness of a bitter mood
closing on him as they sat down on the
settee. It brought the bracketing lines
to the corners of his mouth and made his
eyes at once sultry and hard-edged. He
sat rigidly, his knees crossed, staring out
across the night-dimmed roofs to the
river.

 He was thinking of his father’s
words—

  “If you are going to hunt turmoil all the
time, turmoil is going to begin hunting
you—”

  This was the place where they always
sat, where they could look out at the
steamboats and the shipping. He thought
it must be an interesting place to sit
resting by daylight, when you could see
the river traffic come and go; watching,
perhaps, the deep-sea vessels starting
for foreign ports and the busy steam-
boats beginning the daily race upriver.
Probably you could see the sailors in the
rigging, the pilots throwing their weight
on the great wheels. But he had never
been there except at night.

  Often, on other nights, as he leaned on
the rail of the Frontier City and drew
deeply on a black cigar, he had thought
of this settee and this window; but not in
terms of the river. He had remembered
rather the tones of Jacqueline DuMoyne’s
low voice, the darkness of her eyes, the
sensitively changing expressions of her
pale face, as delicately molded as a
child’s. These fancies had been pleasur-

able at first. When he tried to put them
down they became a torment for his
every idle moment.

  He knew well enough what was the
matter with him. Two months before it
had been inconceivable to him that he
should ever love any one but Caroline
Shepherd. He had loved her desper-
ately enough for a while. Even after he
had been wearied by her silly apprehen-
sions for Will Huston’s welfare, and her
blank-minded prejudice against the river,
she still remained to him the embodiment
of an ideal. He had judged all beauty by
hers.

  Jacqueline DuMoyne was in no sense
a substitute for Caroline, but a person-
ality entirely new to Huston’s experience.
Her attraction for him was a thing he had
not sought nor desired. Rather some
mysterious intoxicant that he felt in her
presence had permeated him, making him
see suchidepths of beauty in her as he
knew it was impossible for a wholly sane
man to perceive. It gave him a gnawing
restlessness, so that when he was not
grinding over paperwork at his desk he
was never still for long.

  One of his attributes had been an
ability to rest completely when his work
was done. That was gone now. Where
once he had sat smoking and looking at
the water, late at night before turning
into his bunk, he now paced the guards,
quarreling with his own imaginings, to all
hours of the night. Some nights he gave
up sleeping altogether, only flinging him-
self down, fully clothed, for an hour or
two of restless dozing just before day-
light. Sometimes he woke to find that he
had rolled to his feet and gripped the
mist-damp sill of his stateroom window in
the moment of waking, as he had done the
last night of the Peter Sioain; but each
time, as he came to his senses, it was to
realize that it was not of fire that he had
dreamed, nor of boats.

  Reason told him that Jacqueline Du-
Moyne was not of his kind. She seemed
subtly of a different race, an exotic thing
that he could not hope fully to know, or
understand. She was almost as unreal to
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

111

him as his ill-formed notions of the island
from which she had come. Huston’s
background was of practical things. The
people, the smells, the boats of the
Mississippi were the normal, homely
things of his life; familiarity had worn
away the picturesqueness and romance
that had lured him to the river as a child.
His one creed was accomplishment, his
one field of action the steamboat life of
the river.

  In this direct scheme of things Jacque-
line DuMoyne had no previous counter-
part. Only the sight of the Mississippi
gave him any assurance of reality in this
new phase of his experience. New Orleans
was becoming a strange place to him. Its
French-Spanish buildings took on a
brooding and unfamiliar look, so that as
he walked between them he felt a thou-
sand miles away from the familiar plan-
tations and the river towns of country-
like homes or brawling dives.

  It did not seem to him logical or
reasonable that Jacqueline DuMoyne
should ever become his wife. To imagine
her settled in a Natchez home seemed
preposterous. He certainly could not
tolerate her merely as a friend. To think
of her as more than a friend and less than
a wife was incompatible with his view of
her. However, he did not reason into
that. He was sufficiently absorbed in his
endeavor to suppress a passion which at
its flood-tide would be too deep-flowing
and strong of current for mastery. And
he feared the growing hidden power of it
as the steamboats themselves feared shoal
water.

  “What is to be the name of your new
boat, Captain?”

  “I wanted to ask you about that. I
thought— I was thinkin’ maybe you
would give her a name.”

  “Oh, I’d have no right to do that.”

  “Right? Her name is what I choose.
And if I want her to be what you call
her—”

  “No, no! I wouldn’t feel I could.
Don’t you think Mark should be con-
sulted? Perhaps he has something in
mind.”

  The black mood was closing in. He
felt a slow anger well up, seething and
fighting for expression. That single pene-
trating thing his father had said returned
to him; and for an instant he sent a flash
of dark hate after his father’s ghost,
almost believing that his father had truly
foreseen the torment in which his son sat
tonight.

  “If you are going to hunt turmoil all the
time, turmoil is going to begin hunting
you,” Arnold muttered.

 “What—why did you say that?”
There was a breathless catch in her voice,
so slight that he was not sure that he had
detected it at all.

  “I’m sorry; I reckon I didn’t aim to
speak aloud. What did you think I said?”
He hardly ever spoke her name. He
was too stiffly bound by convention to
call her Jacqueline and he would not say
Madame DuMoyne.

  “Why—nothing. I thought for a mo-
ment that you had said something that
might have applied to me. It was nothing
at all.”

  He wanted to probe that a little way,
but the anger that had been aroused by
the reference to his friend had left a
lassitude upon him.

  “You’re paler than usual,” he said when
he turned to her again.

  “I’m tired of this place.” Her tone was
not one of weariness; in it there was a
hint of something, uneasiness perhaps,
that made her words meaningless.

  “What’s worryin’ you here?” he asked
suddenly.

  She gave him a startled flicker of a
glance; but her eyes were immediately
calm as she looked up at him again.
“What makes you ask that?”

  He shrugged. He thought—

  “So something is worrying her.”

  He was curiously indifferent, absorbed
in his own mental disorders.

  “Don’t answer if you’d rather not.”
He had sense enough to add, “Whatever
it is, I want you to know I’m sorry.”
“There’s nothing worrying me.”

  He looked at her searchingly, and
found her eyes upon him with an odd
112

ALAN LeMAY

quiet intensity. She looked sober, almost
sorrowful. In her pale face her eyes were
dark and deep, and he possessed no lead-
line for their fathoming. Some somber
flame, he thought, was burning behind
them. Its meaning he did not know, but
he thought it was neither love nor hate;
and it was too quiet for fear.

  It seemed to him that he could not en-
dure looking into her eyes, yet he could
not look away. He freed himself with an
almost physical wrench. The tumult of
battle was in him, a battle over which
hung the pall of coming defeat. He felt
the desperate need of a drink, of a smoke.

  “If you are going to hunt turmoil all the
time—” The voice of his father, mouth-
ing fatality.

  No, he couldn’t deceive himself. It was
the woman he wanted. Her dark gown
was close about her throat tonight; yet
the white gleam of her shoulders tor-
mented him, a memory clearer than
vision. He wanted to press them with
his lips.

  He could turn and take her in his arms;
but he intuitively believed that it would
mean a defeat which he was by no means
ready to bear. He suddenly got up.
She looked surprized.

  “You’re going?”

  “I’ve work to do. Got to get back to
my boat.”

  “I never knew of a man working as
you do.”

  “We’re nearly done, now.”

  Just as he left she said—

  “Please tell Mark I want to see him.”
Her voice was quiet; but there was in it,
he thought, something as pleading as a
cry. His imagination, perhaps, but it was
enough to send him into another fit of
jealous rage. What could Mark do for
her that he could not?

  He strode up and down for a long time
on the levee, waiting for some boat to get
ready to take him to the Frontier City.
He smoked furiously, champing at the
delay.

  At last he flung down the cigar butt,
and tried to grind it out with his heel. It
took refuge between the cobbles, and lay

staring up at him with its one foolish eye.
Huston sat down on a string-piece and
rested his forehead on his hands.

“If you’re going to hunt turmoil—”

XVII

IT WAS about this time that Huston
made his second visit to the swamp
retreat of Walt Gunn. Certain supplies of
molasses and cornmeal were three weeks
late, and the riverman went to find out
why.

  As before, it was nine at night when he
landed from an upriver boat at the foot
of that scratch of a road marking Gunn’s
landing. The night was cold and raw for
that latitude, with a whisk of rain in the
air. A perpetual wind fled through the
cottonwoods with a faint whistling moan
that always sounded far away, yet grew
neither nearer nor farther as he walked
inland. Miles overhead a mat of vast
scudding clouds was perceivable, but so
dimly that it seemed they were felt,
rather than seen. On the earth lay an
inky blackness, thickest near the ground,
from which it seemed to rise like fur
twenty feet deep.

  The night birds were silent this time
over the planted lands, and there was not
even the voice of a frog in the swampy
bottoms where the river once had run.
But from a mile away he heard the voices
of Gunn’s dogs, a continual wailing and
belling in twenty keys, so that a man less
conversant with hound talk would have
thought a big hunt was in progress. It
made him uneasy.

  The back-water was high in the old
river bed that lay between the Mississippi
and the cabins of Walt Gunn. Huston
was in some doubt as to whether he would
be able to reach the place at all. Cer-
tainly there was no hope of shouting
across the half-mile of muck jungle for a
boat. He found the water lapping over
the edge of the road through the swamp;
but it had been built high and well. If
Walt Gunn had nothing else he at least
had plenty of labor at his command. His
road stood against the sluggish water.
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

118

  At the lowest point the filled road was
submerged. The blackness was so thick
here that it seemed tangible, but Huston
felt his way ahead. He waded through
knee-deep water, knowing that at any
minute the edge of the road might cave
under him, sending him into soupy mud
over his head. In the dark he splashed
directly into the kingpost of the drowned
bridge, hurting his knee. After that the
road raised a little. Slogging in the mud,
he reached the steep rise that had been the
river’s farther bank.

  In the time that he had spent working
his way over the last half-mile of swamp
road the belling of the hounds had never
ceased. It rose to a clamor as he climbed
the rise, the poorer of the hounds breaking
out of their long tonguing into frantic
barkings and yelpings. He could hear a
whole row of them on the crest of the rise
ahead of them, and though he could not
see them he knew they: watched his ap-
proach. They gave back as he advanced.

  The dark was impenetrable among
Gunn’s invisible cabins. Not a pin-
point of light, not a suggestion of the out-
line of a building was discernible.

  “Hi!” he shouted. “Any one home?”
No answer. He advanced slowly, feel-
ing for the path, trying to remember ex-
actly where Gunn’s own cabin had been.
The hounds retreated, maintaining a
timorous distance, while their mad so-
prano bellowing killed even the sound of
the wind. One deeper throat sounded
over all the rest. Its interminable varia-
tions seemed never in need of breath, as if
the dog were desperately pouring out some
mournful explanation.

  “Howp, howoowhoop, yipoohoop, hooo-
wowp, 0000—”

  “Hullo! Hey! Walt Gunn!”

  Still no response out of the inky black.
He went forward, shouting; and presently
his groping hands found the lean-to’s
door. There he stood for a while, calling
and kicking the boards. The splash
through the swamp had been long and
disagreeable; he was loath to turn back
without result. He determined to enter
the cabin, strike a light, and make himself

at home pending the return of some one
who could at least give him information
as to Gunn’s whereabouts.

  Nevertheless, he did not step into
Gunn’s lean-to without some hesitation.
The gun-barrel that had jabbed into his
middle the last time he had done so was
clear in his memory. He half expected
a recurrence of the incident, and his
stomach muscles tightened as he crossed
the threshold.

  As he disappeared within the cabin the
howling of the hounds diminished. On
the outskirts of the cabin group they still
gave tongue in long wails, as dogs howl at
the moon; but they were quiet enough so
that he could have heard even a small
sound within.

  The inner door was partly out of line
with the door of the lean-to, and Huston
crashed into the jamb. An oath escaped
him before he could collect himself again.

  “Walt Gunn!” he called. “It’s Huston!
Are you there?”

  Groping with one hand, he started to
step in. Instantly a crashing explosion
rocked him back upon his heels. Buck-
shot screamed past him, splintering the
door jamb of the lean-to, rattling away
into the foliage thirty yards beyond.

  Huston’s spring aside was purely in-
stinctive. As he recovered from the daze
of the shock he found himself flattened
against the wall of the cabin, his pistol in
his hand. Yet his reason had had no
more part in putting him into that posi-
tion than as if he had been lifted there by
the heavy breath of the shotgun that had
so nearly accounted for him.

  His first emotion, when his hair had
settled to his scalp again, was one of hot
anger. He speculated for a moment or
two as to what he should do, meantime
listening for some stir of sound within the
cabin that would tell him what his assail-
ant meant to do next. Then he jammed
his pistol back into the shoulder holster
under his arm and stepped squarely into
the opening of the door.

  “Well, you damned fool,” he said, his
voice quivering with rage, “why don’t you
let go with the other barrel?”
114

ALAN LeMAY

  No answer came out of the dark. The
interior exhaled a faint breath of burned
gunpowder, mingling with a remembered
smell of coffee-grounds, old food and
sweat. But Huston could not hear so
much as the stirring of a rat.

  “I told you who I was,” he went on
loudly, “before I came to the door.
You’ll kill somebody with your damned
foolishness one of these days.” No an-
swer, no rustle of movement. “Well,” he
shouted, “are you going to answer me or
not?”

  The eery silence within remained un-
broken. He produced a match; his fin-
gers were trembling nervously as he
ripped it along the wood. The match was
wet, and its spongy head scraped off like
damp bread, leaving a green streak of
phosphorus glowing on the door jamb in
the dark.

  His impatience keyed to the breaking
point as he failed with a second and a
third. His bravado ebbed away, and he
stiffly moved out of line with the door.
As he stood with his back against the
square-hewn logs of the wall he considered
the advisability of carrying his investiga-
tion further. Reason counseled retreat.

  Ahead of him was a pitch-black hole of
a room, from which he had already been
fired upon without cause. It was not his
cabin; conceivably he had no business in
it without invitation. Walt Gunn, or
whoever had fired upon him, was more
than likely in a state of drunken insanity.
Yet as he considered withdrawing he
became aware that this in itself was a
dangerous course. He decided he must
finish what he had begun.

  One by one he tested the matches.
There were a half-dozen left. If they
failed he would be faced by the task of
walking into that black silent dark with-
out a light. There were three left. There
were two. The next to the last match
flared, hissed, died—then sprang into
flame again, and burned.

  Instantly Huston stepped forward into
the doorway.

  “Easy, now,” he said, “easy!”

  Immediately before him was the table;

on it a dirty, huddling shirt; a pile of
clothes were mounded in one corner. But
there was no one there.

  That was all he saw before the match
burned his fingers. He hastily lighted the
last match from the waning flame of the
other, and held it high in cupped hands.
On the rough plank that served as a
mantelpiece stood a candle. Hurriedly,
cuddling the feeble flame of the match
stick in his hands, he stepped across the
room and lighted the wax.

  By its light he perceived that there was
a great ragged hole in the shirt upon the
table; through it the muzzle of a shotgun
glinted dully. He tossed the shirt aside.
On the table lay that massive Bible that
Gunn’s hands had gripped and fondled
the night of their conference. Across it
the shotgun lay, braced by heavy nails
and lashed down with leather cords.
From the trigger ran a string, cunningly
rigged and concealed, as if by a trapper’s
hands. His eye traced it to the doorway,
where the end of it dangled, broken.

  Huston cursed in utter exasperation.
There was a slab door in the back wall,
with a hole in it that might have been in-
tended for espionage. He supposed that
he was being watched.

  “Well, come on out!” he ordered.
“D’you think I waded that damned
swamp to stand here and be stared at?”

  He persisted in regarding the gunplay
as childish, unworthy of resj^tful treat-
ment. He gave the rear door a terrific
kick that would certainly have broken the
nose of the watcher, had there been one.
The door slatted open, revealing a back
room that was smellier, if anything, than
the one in which he stood. A cot, a stove,
a broken chair, a cupboard, a litter of mis-
cellaneous rubbish, were all it contained.
Huston walked through it and stood in
the back door, swearing.

  Outside the night seemed blacker than
ever, after the temporary relief of the
light. As his eyes became a little ac-
customed to the dark he could make out
the ragged line of the tree-tops beyond,
blacker than the pit-like sky. At the
foot of the trees he thought he could
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

115

detect a slight stirring of darkness where
the hound pack shuffled itself, lurking on
the extreme outskirts of his vision.
Their weird yelling droned on without
haste, without weariness; those dogs were
professional at that sort of work.

  A shapeless form came writhing swiftly
along the ground toward him, no more
recognizable than some strange thing in a
sack. Then the mystery came into the
dim shaft of candlelight from the door,
and materialized into a great, floppy
hound-bitch. She wallowed, slathering to
his feet with whimpers that were sup-
pressed howls. When he spoke kindly to
her she moved close against his legs, never
ceasing her deep-throated whines.

  He turned back into the cabin in search
of a lantern. The great floppy bitch
crouched on the threshold trembling and
belling hollowly in her throat. Huston
found a certain comfort in her presence,
useless as he knew she would be to him in
any conceivable circumstance. She pro-
vided at least the companionship of a
living and comprehensible thing. A
certain sympathy for her was compelled
by the fact that she had come seeking
him as a friend.

  “Come in here,” he commanded.

  The big loose-knit hound put one foot
forward reluctantly; then drew back and
turned away her face, low-headed with
shame that she disobeyed him, but fear-
ing some other thing more.

  He found the lantern he sought, and
with the stick of a burned match trans-
ferred a flame to it from the candle’s tip.
Then he strode out the rear door toward
the slave quarters. The dog slunk close
to his legs, whimpering and nudging his
knee repeatedly with her nose. So im-
portunate was she that Huston thought
the dog wished to take him to some-
thing; but when he stopped and asked her
to lead the way she sat down, apparently
desirous of nothing from him but the
reassurance of his approval.

  One advantage was brought to him by
the hound-bitch. Her dog-talk drew a
great hulking mongrel from the ranks of
the skulkers, a silent brute with a cold

yellow eye and a perpetually bristling
roch on his shoulders. This dog ac-
companied them at a little distance with.
suspicious snufflings. But at each of the
cabins at which Huston paused the
mongrel took the lead, walked through
the black open doorways ahead of him
and for a few moments was lost to the
lantern rays. He reappeared still bris-
tling, still at a walk, but bearing the per-
fectly lucid information that the cabin
was empty of life.

  Huston made his way from one cabin to
another, calling out, pounding on doors.
His nose found the odor of unwashed
negroes, molasses, old blankets and dogs;
but human beings there were none.
Sometimes, not trusting the word of the
mongrel who went ahead, he explored the
interiors of the cabins on his own account.
He found evidences that breakfast had
been cooked that morning, but no meal
since.

  By some subtle chain of observations,
perhaps influenced by the uncanny
quality of the night, he gathered an im-
pression of haste and disordered flight.
In one negro cabin a rude chair lay over-
turned; in another, on a crumby table,
lay a square of corn-pone with one bite
out of it, still showing the indentations
of big teeth. Mice had been at it since.
Across a threshold lay a pickaninny’s
doll, crudely made of a stick of wood, a
strange little thing like an African idol;
it lay disheveled, abandoned, but grinning
toothily yet.

  At the farthest edge of the clearing
Huston stood for a bit, staring moodily
off into the night. Beyond him was a
tangle of live-oak and cottonwood under-
growth. The lantern light outlined a
great down-sweeping live-oak limb, twist-
ing, aged, thick as a man’s body. It
drooped downward until it almost touched
the ground, apparently overborne by its
own weight; then curved upward high
into the night like some monstrous seeking
snake. The bearding moss trailed down-
ward from its bark, gray, filmy, like the
dust-dry residue of centuries of tears.
It swung limply in the little wind that
116

ALAN LeMAY

came under the trees, so that beyond, in
the faint yellow light of the lantern,
certain shadows swayed and shifted
stealthily, the dimmest stirring of some-
thing half perceived.

  The big-boned mongrel walked on, his
shadow lengthening ahead of him, dis-
torted on the bare, sandy soil.

  “Come back here!” Huston ordered.
He had already decided to go no farther.

  The yellow dog, choosing not to hear,
went on with his stiff, unhurried strides.
The whorls of hair on his haunches made
them look ungainly, like a baboon’s. He
disappeared into the blackness, and did
not return. There had been a certain
detachment about that dog, even while
he had been aiding Huston, as if he had
slowly developing purposes of his own
that were not to be suborned. The great
hollow-throated bitch took a few steps
after him, then sat down and howled once.
She immediately returned to Huston and
resumed her inconvenient proximity to
his legs.

  Huston felt ironically disgusted with
the whole situation. Even so, as he
passed one after another of the silent
shanties he experienced a prickly sensa-
tion up and down his spine. He could not
down the recurrent feeling that some-
where behind him a lurking enemy
watched. Once he felt this so strongly
that he turned and walked back to a
cabin that he had passed, and entered its
gaping door. A rat half the size of a cat
leaped off a rickety table, plunked
heavily on the slab floor and scuttled
away. He knew by its presence that
nothing else had been there, and he went
on, swearing at himself.

  The candlelight was still wavering in
the cabin of Walt Gunn. When he had
slammed the lantern on to the table with
a jolt that nearly put it out, he lighted a
lean cigar and sat down beside the table
with crossed knees. The big bitch once
more remained moaning at the rear door
with wide-braced forelegs, ears nearly
touching the ground. This time he put
her from his mind, along with the in-
cessant eery clamor of the hounds.

  He sat for a long time with his hands
thrust deep into his pockets, scowling
out into the dark. It did not occur to him
that the trap in which he had almost lost
his life was not as good a place in which
to sit and think as any other. He
champed his lean cigar, rolled it from
one corner of his mouth to the other with
his tongue.

  He was lost in thought when something
stirred behind him in the comer of the
cabin. It seemed a stealthy movement
over the floor, warningly subtle, yet so
magnified by the silence that had pre-
vailed in the room that Huston thought
of no other possibility than that a man
had moved there. He was instantly on
his feet, pistol in hand, facing the comer
from which the sound had come.

  Behind him the cabin was as empty as
ever. In the comer that great lumpy
mound of dirty clothing lay as before. It
was something of a shock to him to find
that no one faced him there. The dis-
quieting idea came to him that some one
was concealed under that disproportion-
ately large pile of clothes. He took a
quick step toward it, but instantly
checked with a feeling of revulsion as he
saw disappearing under the clothing the
scaly, limp tail of a rat.

  He blew a puff of breath at the gut-
tering candle, and when it persisted to
bum he swore and smashed it into a
puddle of wax with the palm of his hand.
Taking the lantern with him, he strode
out toward the river road.

XVIH

HUSTON caught a down-river boat a
little before one o’clock.

  The chill of the night had increased
with the lateness of the hour. He got a
blanket from his stateroom and flung it
about his shoulders as he began his now
almost habitual pacing of the guards.
Astern to the hot oily breath of the
engine-room ladder; forward to the bow
rail; astern again.

  The Mississippi spread black under a
starless sky. The inky line of the shores,
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

117

a mile apart, could hardly be seen by the
casual eye. But there was no fog, and no
precautions had been taken to dim the
boat’s lights or the gleam from the fire-
alley that reddened the ripples of the
black water.

  Here and there in the main hall of the
cabin a turned-down lamp glowed yel-
lowly; below on the main deck the coals
of a few pine-knot braziers smoldered,
waiting to be fanned into flame for the
next landing, still glowing from the last.
These gave the boat a dimly lighted ex-
istence in the blackness of the river, of a
quality mournful beyond words.

  There were few landings, and for hours
the quiet of the boat was unbroken. The
close-lipped poker players in the bar
could not he heard. Not even the labor
of the engines was audible up here on the
boiler-deck, except the faint rattle of
some loose bit of wood, a whisper that
told off every fourth beat of the stroke.

  Here in the silence of the lightless
Mississippi, Arnold Huston spent a long
night. He dropped into a chair by the
forward rail, after a while. He had more
than enough to fill his thoughts.

   Still river.

  He was soon to have his own boat. It
had been a long time now since he had
stood on the hurricane deck, hearing the
harsh carrying drawl of his own com-
mands:

  “Histe up! Let’ergo! Come on with
your freight!”

  His debt to his dead father, if there had
been one, was gone with the Peter Swain.
Her engines rusted deep in the muck; her
charred timbers had gone down with the
river to the all-obliterating salt green of
the sea. Her bones were scattered,
denied the grave that took what was left
of a man, purposelessly holding it in one
place. Yet she had had as much of a
personality as any man, one that he was
not likely to forget.

  If ever he had anything again, it would
be by the labor of his own brain, results
given for value received. Nothing yet.
Debts. Seventy-five hundred in paper to
Mark Wallace, in return for a means with

which to pay it back. That was the kind
of load he could shoulder, though. At
heart he had always felt a little defiant,
had felt the need of being a little harder,
because he had got his start in steam-
boating partly from an inheritance.
Presumably a dead man has no prefer-
ences. But Anastasius Huston had de-
spised the river while he lived.

  Still river, sweeping down the weary
miles to the sea.

  Uprooted trees clutched for the mucky
bottom with their limbs, became sawyer
snags that fought the current, some-
times for years; then defeated, whirled
on down to the sea with the rest.

  Meantime his quarrel with the other
branch of the family went on. Will
Huston, fruitlessly suing for the hand of
Caroline Shepherd, conceived in his
bafflement that it was Arnold who stood
in his way. There was a smile in that,
but with it there was a threat. Mark
Wallace was none too happy in the
shadow of Will’s financial enmity.

   Will’s immediate quarrel was based on a
misconception, of course. It was doubtful
whether his purpose would have changed
had the occasion been removed. The
enmity was too deep in the blood, always
a brooding spark like a covered brazier,
waiting for a breath to bring it into flame.

  Now another mysterious threat rose, a
threat no more clearly defined than the
emptiness of the shadows about Walt
Gunn’s cabins. What situation lurked
there no one could know—for awhile. It
would come out soon, a scandal of some
sort that could not be hid. Perhaps his
very presence there on this night would
involve him inextricably. Meantime,
what should he tell Mark? Nothing.
That Gunn had not been home.

   Still river, perpetual, unhurried, taking
its broad bends with a strong swing and
pull.

  Jacqueline DuMoyne. The thought of
her was a besieging thing, forever seeking
the unguarded moments of his mind as
the vast river, defeatable at any point yet
indomitable at all, perpetually felt for the
weaknesses in the levees, waiting its
118

ALAN LeMAY

chances until no more than a crawfish hole
let a little of the tawny water through;
then surging through the widening cre-
vasse, sweeping all before it, drowning,
scouring, punishing, carrying off on its
flood. And when it was diminished in
strength by the very destruction it had
wrought, permitting itself to be shut out
again for a little while, leaving behind the
receding hungry waters a blank mud plain
of desolation and despair.

  It seemed to him that he would be
satisfied never again to touch her hand,
never to see her face, if only this bitter-
hard work of his, this perpetual ebb and
flow of battle for power on the river, could
be diverted to her use. If she could be
made happy by his labors, it seemed to
him that labor for her would be joy
enough.

  He was weary. A vast labor of prep-
aration, of circumvention, of numberless
motions in the putting down of obstacles,
gained only a minute advantage at the
end of it all—an inch, on a road that
stretched ahead a thousand miles. Yet
it was a labor of emptiness, having
no more to do with her than the
labors of a plough-horse in the Indiana
fields.

  She had made a shell out of him, a
meaningless thing going through intri-
cate motions to achieve futile ends. It
was as if his whole spirit had gone out of
him to her. The empty shell provided the
Frontier City with what it had needed; it
satisfied the insatiable demands of Mac-
Maugh. It was going to take to the river
in a new boat.

  Still river.

  A man can’t stay awake forever.

  When he roused himself there was a
silver of frosty dew on the blanket over
his shoulders. The twisting river was
running northward now. On its right the
sky was mauve, violet and white gold.
Nearer, on the left bank of the sweeping
river lay New Orleans. A west wind took
the long dark pall of the steamboat smoke
to the other shore, leaving the city
minutely clear across the Mississippi
reaches. The low lying buildings were

like flat cut-outs, looking bright and
clean, pale violet against the dark
western reflection of the dawn.

XIX

A LITTLE after dawn a drenching rain
began to fall, in a heavy downpour
at first, then slacking off into a steady pelt
that promised to last a week. It was the
middle of the morning when Huston,
delayed by errands in the town, at last
reached the Frontier City where she lay
on the far side of the river, opposite New
Orleans. She was in the water now, and
her engines were in—great iron monsters,
twice the size of those she had had before.
Two steam trials had been almost satis-
factory, and MacMaugh and his mates
were working on their last revisions.

  Huston went directly to the boat’s
office in the forward part of the cabin.

  Today, as he set his hand to the knob,
he was given pause by such a hideous,
muffled outcry from within as he would
hardly have believed possible in a
haunted house at night, let alone in
gray daylight on his busy boat. In his
astonishment he took an involuntary
step backward; then, recovering himself,
he thrust into the room.

  In the middle of the carpeted floor lay
the lank, high-hipped cat, stunned evi-
dently, for the fluttering vibration of its
ribs showed that it was not dead. Its
head was such a mass of blood as to have
been unrecognizable had it been seen
alone.

  In the best chair sat Mark Wallace,
lounging with that habitual grace of his
that made it seem impossible for him to
take an awkward position. He was
smoking with slow relish, and contemplat-
ing the ungainly lean body of the bloody
cat. He glanced up as Huston came in,
but did not appear disturbed. His sen-
sitive face was quiet, composed. In his
beautiful dark eyes some strange satis-
faction glowed mistily, a keen hidden
pleasure too fine-drawn to be called
sensual, too languidly smoldering to be
described in another way.
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

119

  It was the expression Huston had seen
fleetingly at the close of that fiasco of a
duel, in the moment after Will Huston
had fallen. It brought back the scene to
him sharply, so that he could almost see
the awkwardly sprawling figure, face
down in the dirt under those brooding
trees.

  “What the devil have you been doin’
to that cat?”

  Wallace’s answer, indifferently tossed
off:

  “Amusing myself. Kick the thing out
into the hall.”

  Huston opened his mouth to speak,
but found that he had nothing to say.
He took the animal up by the skin of its
back, and handed it to a mulatto cabin-
boy in the hall.

  “Wash that thing’s head!” he ordered,
thrusting the bleeding creature at the
man so savagely that the negro started
back.

  ‘ Sometimes,” Huston said to Mark as
he closed the door again, “I think I don’t
know you any better than I know the
garfish under the boat.”

  “Cats are worthless,” said Wallace in-
differently. “I have no liking for cats.”
“Is this the sort of thing you get out of
your books?”

  “I’m in no mood for accepting criticism
of any kind whatsoever from you.”
Wallace’s voice was so incongruously
mild that Huston glanced at him sharply.
The delicate incomprehensible pleasure
had disappeared from Wallace’s face,
leaving his eyes more coldly bleak than
Huston had ever seen them. A hint of
some sort of danger came into the cold-
drenched air of the cabin.

  “I’m here to tell you,” Wallace went
on, “that you sail tomorrow, not Satur-
day as you had supposed.”

  “Impossible,” said Huston flatly.
“Tomorrow’s Friday. That shorts you
only twenty-four hours. You’ll have to
arrange it.”

  “I told you it was impossible,” Huston
repeated.

  “I’m not interested in impossibilities.
I’m only telling you what has to be done.

If you don’t know how to get things ac-
complished that is no fault of mine.”

  “You haven’t any notion of what you’re
talkin’ about!”

  “I respond to that,” said Wallace, his
voice softening almost to a purr, “by
pointing out that you are rapidly prov-
ing yourself an ignorant fool.”

  Huston was not angry yet; only puz-
zled, and somewhat condescending to his
friend’s petulant whim.

  “Just where is the necessity for all this,
Mark?”

  “Quite of your own making. Since you
found it desirable to brawl with your
cousin over a towheaded girl in Mande-
ville, you thereby put us in a damned
precarious position. I—”

  “What the devil—”

  “I mean to say I’ve spent a very pretty
two or three days preventing about ten
thousand dollars’ worth of our notes being
called.”

  “But if you prevented it—”
“Momentarily,” Wallace qualified, bit-
ing his mustache. “I’ve saved our hides
for the present by nothing in the world
but face. If we get the boat into the
river and earning something, we may still
be able to pull through.”

  “Still be able to pull through? It’s as
bad as that, is it?”

  “Exactly.”

  A wave of anger swept Huston.

  “Then you’re a damned sight weaker
manager than you give yourself credit
for!” he growled. “The first breath of
opposition finds you s ha kin’ in your
shoes. If that dough-faced cousin of
mine really comes out with somethin’ I
suppose you’ll curl up and quit like a
cold-blood.”

  “I think not,” said Mark incisively.
“I’m holding up my end against a net-
work of factors that you haven’t the
background to understand, even if I were
interested in explaining it to you. Satisfy
yourself that you pulled it down around
our heads, that’s all.”

  “Rubbish,” Huston retorted. “D’you
want me to come up and run your end of
it too?”

        ■r
130

ALAN LeMAY

  “I think you’d better learn your own
end first. It seems to me, my friend,
that I’ve supplied nothing less than every-
thing this enterprise has had put into it
so far. The first call on you for anything
but the most mediocre effort has come
now. Twenty-four hours’ time looks a
good deal like the line between success or
failure. You sit there mouthing, ‘Im-
possible!’ ”

  Huston was furious; but he held him-
self in check.

  “Now you just make up your mind
to pull yourself together,” he told Mark
harshly. “I’m not interested in your
yellow streaks. The installation plans
are not goin’ to be changed; they couldn’t
be even if your silly notions were correct.
Meantime I have work to do. The boat
leaves for Vicksburg Saturday.”

  “Whether she leaves before then or not,
she certainly is not going to move
Saturday.”

  “What do you mean?”

  “There’s a bankruptcy petition in the
offing, my friend.”

  “We’re no more bankrupt than—”
“Certainly not,” Wallace interrupted
bitingly. “That has nothing to do with
the situation. It is a mere excuse upon
which to base an injunction which will
prevent the Frontier City from leaving
her slip.”

  “If the petition is baseless, you’d better
concern yourself in whipping it, and
not—”

  ‘‘You can’t very well down the thing
before it comes up. If I hadn’t had un-
derground wires out, I wouldn’t know
about it at all. Their play is to delay,
and delay, whittling us down until they’re
ready; then they’ll break us like squeezing
an egg.”

  “Who the hell is ‘they’?”

  “Will Huston’s crowd. Their in-
junction will be timed to the hour; there’s
such a thing as owning judges, you know,
as well as boats. At best it would take
perhaps a week to lift; at worst it’ll
drag on and on until they get something
else to hold us with. They know to the
rivet how far you’ve got with the re-

modeling of the Frontier City. Evidently
they know you, too. They rest in confi-
dence,” he closed with cold sarcasm,
“that nothing is likely to induce you to
make a quick move.”

  Huston’s lean cheek bones were
scarlet.

  “Why didn’t you say so in the first
place?” he exploded. “You’re goin’ to go
too far with me, Mark!”

  There was a silence in which they sat
looking at each other. Outside the
silver-gray rain pattered ceaselessly on
the deck. It fell upon the river in a
steep unvarying slant, with a steady wet
whispering that lay as an impalpable
background for all other sounds. Mark
relaxed into a smile. His smile always
had a suggestion of the beautiful in it,
the subtly sensitive muscles of his face
seeming capable of no other kind, re-
gardless of the meaning behind the
expression.

  “There’s no need for us to quarrel,” he
said gently enough. “If we are going to
fail, we’re going to fail, and we may as
well take it smiling.”

  “We’re not goin’ to fail,” said Huston.
But there was such an absence of con-
viction in his voice that Wallace glanced
at him sharply. The gray weariness had
returned to Huston’s face with the passing
of his anger. His eyes were heavy and
cold.

  “Our success or failure,” Mark Wallace
said, “will depend on your activity. Or
rather, upon us both equally.”

  “That’s a new idea to you, I take it,”
Huston commented dryly. “A minute
ago you said—”

  “I spoke in haste,” Mark conceded.
“I’ve been under a very considerable
strain, Arnold. It’s up to me to ac-
complish certain difficult things; and it’s
up to you to get our boat into the water.
We’ve got to pull together, Arn, and pull
damned hard!”

  Huston saw no need for an answer to
this. He sat relaxed, staring glumly out
into the gray rain.

  “You haven’t told me,” Mark sug-
gested, “when the boat will move.”
OLD FATHER OF WATERS

121

  “Friday,” said Arnold dully. The
shadow of a smile widened his mouth.
“Every nigger on the boat will jump over
the side.”

  “Oh, I don’t think so.”

  “The extra work will cost more, you
know.”

  “I see that we can’t avoid that.”

  They seemed to be on their old footing
again. Arnold, harsh-tongued himself,
was not inclined to remember the bitter-
ness that had risen between them a few
minutes before.

  “Am,” said Wallace, “it’ll be a relief
to us both, and to you especially, I
know, when this boat leaves the levee.
The worst of this will soon be over, old
man—far as you’re concerned. I know
you’ve worked yourself plumb to hell and
back again, but—”

  “I’m not tired.”

  “Yes you are. You’re as near under as
I ever saw you, except that time after the
burning of the Peter Swain. It shows in
every muscle you’ve got. I know you’ve
worried a good deal about the steam-
boat, but—”

  “Hell, Mark, do you think I’m so poor
at my job that a few details in gettin’ a
boat ready can put me under?”

  Wallace said directly—

  “What’s worrying you, Am?”

  Huston decided not to answer that.
He stared off into the slanting shimmer of
the rain, and half-smiled as he saw
through Mark Wallace’s questionings.
His friend seemed to him singularly
shallow, that his apparent concern should
be so transparent. He saw that Mark
regarded him merely as a factor in certain
plans of his own. If some hidden thing
were worrying Huston, it was to Wal-
lace’s interest to find it out, or at least to
ascertain its nature. Huston wondered
what underground machination Mark
suspected him of. It was stupid of
Wallace, he thought, to try to draw con-
fidences on the heels of their quarrel.

  His face sobered. He sat contemplating
his own desolate plight as distantly as if
Mark Wallace had been ten miles away.
And thus, while it was still in his mind

that Wallace was a stupid questioner,
Mark trapped him.

  “I saw Jacqueline DuMoyne today,”
Mark said.

  “I wish to Christ,” Huston burst out,
“that you’d never taken me there!”

  A swift chuckle, light and amused,
brought Huston to earth.

   “So that’s all it is!”

  “What d’you mean?”

  “I thought maybe you had got your-
self twisted into some underground ranny-
kazoo. With Walt Gunn, for instance.”
Wallace was watching Huston’s face.

  “Yes?” Arnold’s tone was cold and
level.

   “It’s really a relief to me,” Mark went
on lightly, “to know that this spectacle is
only the result of your falling in love.”
Huston passed over ‘this spectacle’ as
he had passed over the reference to Walt
Gunn.

  “You don’t seem surprized,” he said
evenly.

  “She told me,” Mark said, “that she
thought you were falling in love with her.”
Huston stirred. Wallace was going on,
“She wanted to know what to do. I told
her to let you—it would do you good.”
“In what way?” Huston asked in a
muffled voice.

  “I told her I thought it would take
some of the damned stiffness out of your
neck to come a good sound cropper.”

  “I thought—” Huston began. In the
room before his eyes there was a shimmer
like that of the outer rain, but he steadied
himself and let his lids droop. “I thought
—I had the idea that you had some in-
terest in that quarter yourself.”

  “In your affairs? An entertained
spectator, my child.”

  “In hers,” Huston corrected him.
  “Indeed?”

  “I mean I thought you had plans of
your own.” With a flash of diplomacy he
added, “Since you have not, of course
that frees my hands.”

  “It happens that I do have plans of my
own.”

   “Yet you suggested to her that she lead
me on ?”
12*

ALAN LeMAY

  “Say rather I advised her that it was
hardly worth while to discourage you in
the early stages.”

  “You give me a carte blanche then, as
far as you’re concerned?”

  Huston believed that his anger was
now so under control that he could meet
Wallace’s eyes without revealing it.
Something akin to a cold shudder ran
over him as he did so; he saw the same
quiet face, the same sultry smolder of
amusement in the dark eyes with which
Mark had gazed at that ghastly cat.

  “I don’t see that it is my place to give
or withold carte blanche on anything,”
Mark said.

  “I think,” Huston told him, “that your
detachment is the best compliment you
could pay me.” He was feeling a keen
revulsion for this odd man with the fine
eyes and the beautiful smile.

  “Don’t deceive yourself,” said Mark.
“You’ll never go farther with this than I
t hink useful to my interests.”

  “If you’re speaking of your priority
rights,” said Huston, angrily in spite of
himself, “I say there’s no consideration
cornin’ to you.”

  “I think you’ll not find me asking for
anything.”

  “You think it’s impossible,” said Hus-
ton, his voice quivering with suppressed
fury, “that you should lose out?”

  “Not at all.”

  “Then you mean—”

  “I mean that if ever I find you in my
way I’ll break you with no more com-
punction than I would any one else.”
“You think you could, do you!”
“Recall, my friend, that you were a
pauper when I picked you up. You’ll be
a pauper again when I say the word.
Everything that you have is by my
sufferance. I had purpose in view when I
gave you your chance. The fact that I
was a fool to pick you, with your silly row
on with your bastard brother, is beside
the point. You’re part owner of a steam-
boat—if you don’t lose the steamboat—as
long as I say you are. When I choose
otherwise you’ll be seventy-five hundred

in my debt by your note of hand, and
owner of nothing.”

  “The contract prevents that, I think!”
“Read it again.” Mark Wallace rose,
and began drawing on his gloves. “You’d
better be getting at your work.”

  Into Huston had welled such a blind
tumult of fury that he scarcely knew
what he did or said. He felt himself
slowly rise from his chair, his muscles taut
springs.

  Mark took a step backward, but the
wall was there. Then the fingers of
Huston’s left hand twisted themselves
into the pleated throat of his shirt and he
was jammed against the bulkhead. Wal-
lace’s face went white. There was the
tinge of terror in the shock of his fury as
he found his voice.

  “This is preposterous! What is the
meaning of this?”

  Still the gleaming smile on Huston’s
face, the slow twist of his fingers in
the neckband of the shirt. Wallace’s
face began to darken with the tightening
check of the blood. He became dizzy
and a wild panic swept into him.

  He screamed—

  “Let go you fool!”

  His knuckles flailed in a sudden des-
perate struggle, but Huston’s hand was
like steel. Even as his eyes darkened
and the terror of futility crushed him his
mind was at work. He stopped strug-
gling, and though he sagged as if he
would fall he looked directly into Hus-
ton’s mad eyes. He heard Huston say—
“You poor cowardly fool, you’ll never
be master of any situation that I happen
to be in!”

  Then he saw the madness in Huston’s
eyes give way to a gleam of triumph, and
a certain ironic amusement. The fingers
slackened at his throat, so that he could
get his breath again.

  “You’ll fight me for this!”

  Huston laughed in his face.

  “No, I’m tired of fightin’ cowards.”
That irresistible hand flung Wallace
staggering toward the door.

  “Get out! Stay out! I’ve work to do.”

TO BE CONTINUED
The dignity of V ray er

BY

HARRY A. FRANCK

THE WHEEZING old steamer on
which I had taken deck-passage to
Alexandria was churning slowly towards
the mouth of the canal, leaving Port Said
behind. Most of the Mussulmans, who
constituted my fellow-passengers had
finished asr, or afternoon prayer, and were
squatted again in closely packed groups
about the deck. One belated follower
of the prophet, however, had just stepped
out of his slippers and stood barefooted on
his outspread cloak, on his face the I’m-
on - my - best - behavior - Don’t - try - to -
make - me - smile expression of a Fifth
Avenue footman on parade. So exactly
had he orientated himself that a line
drawn straight before him would have
fallen directly across the Kaaba, in the
holy city of Mecca.

  Before he had touched his forehead to
the deck for the third time, however, the
ship, passing the mouth of the canal, had
set a course due west, and the worshipping
Arab was making his salaams toward
some imaginary shrine in Siberia. His
co-religionists looked on horror-stricken;
a startled whisper passed among them.
What could be done? Should they violate
the eternal law against disturbing a be-

liever at his prayers, or leave him to risk
infernal perdition unwarned? Here was
no place for procrastination, bred though
that failing be, in the bone of the Oriental.

  A powerful, gaunt Bedouin from the
north, a radical among conservatives—his
face bore witness—stepped boldly forth,
caught the worshipper by the elbows, and
turned him half round. Not a muscle of
the devotee’s face betrayed him, not for
the briefest glance were his eyelids lifted,
not a word of the mumbled formula fal-
tered on his lips.

  The fearless Bedouin squatted again
among his fellows. The worshipper con-
tinued his genuflections through the thrice
times three prostrations; stood a mo-
ment stiffly erect, with crossed hands.
Then suddenly returning to the prosaic
life of today, he wrapped his prayer-rug
about his shoulders, in its intended capa-
city, and raised his eyebrows at the throng
about him. With one accord its hundred
component parts stretched their right
hands toward the Bedouin from the north.

  The belated worshipper stalked across
the deck, laid a hand on the shoulder of
the Bedouin, and offered profuse yet
undemonstrative thanks.

123
F. R. BUCKLEY tells of a hard-bitted
sheriff of the Old West

JAachiavelli Rg-Leg

I DON’T know
how it can have
come to pass,
but actually there
seems to have
sprung up a super-
stition to the effect
that I, William Gar-
field, sheriff and sole
maintainer of the
peace in Three Pines
County, am a per-
son of violent and
bellicose habits.

 The average
stranger, surveying
me at my height of
five feet six, and at
my ageof seventy-eight, may well say,“Not
really!” But I assure him that such is
the fact. Noticing my peg-leg, my whisk-
ers, my general store and my general ex-
pression of benevolence, the said stranger
may be excused for adding, “It don’t
seem possible!” or words to that effect;
yet I beg to reiterate that it is not only
possible, but true. Just because in the
course of my legal duties I have occasion-
ally needed to deal firmly with firm-
dealing jaspers younger and larger than
myself, and because I have endeavored
to keep order among the cowpunchers who
come to eat fruit at my International
Emporium and Sheriff’s Office on Satur-
day afternoons, the local population has
got the idea that my only pleasure in life
lies in ramming peoples’ heads against
rocks, shooting them through the maz-
zard or fracturing their wrists with my
octagonal-knobbed stove-poker.

 Whereas as a
matter of fact noth-
ing could be farther
from the truth.
When rash young
lads start to be
rough with a poor
old man like me,
naturally I have to
try to be rough in
return, and it’s pos-
sible that I succeed
pretty good; but
when left to myself
and not interfered
with in any way, no-
body is milder nor
more addicted to
the ways of peace than I am. It is no
exaggeration to say I would sooner sue a
guy than shoot him; and if I don’t like a
jasper, I would much rather deal with him
by word of mouth than by bullet of
revolver. The former hurts more.

  But as a general instance of my pref-
erence for peaceful tactics, I will now re-
count the story of Eric Wilson and his
friend Joe Scott.

 These two boys, as no doubt many
local readers will remember, turned up in
company to take jobs at the Lazy F
Ranch; which jobs they had secured by
writing from Laredo when the Triangle
Bar-, which had formerly employed them,
was absorbed into the Combine. They
were bosom friends, and they arrived so
late at night that it was no use their
trying to make the Lazy F before morn-
ing; so I told them that if they didn’t
mind and had fifty cents between them,
MACHIAVELLI PEG-LEG

125

they could share the bed I usually keep for
corpses, and have breakfast with me for
another quarter each.

  “It’s very kind of you to invite us to
stay, Mr. Garfield,” says Mr. Wilson,
who was a handsome guy in a blue silk
neckcloth.

  “It’s refreshing to find an example of
the old Texan hospitality still surviving
in these days of commercialism. The
only thing that occurs to me is this—that

I	never sleep well when I’m not alone. I
don’t know why—it’s funny; I suppose I
have a very sensitive nervous system—”

  Well, he had a charming smile and
nice teeth also; and nobody, as you can
see for yourself, could have been more
affable, if as. But nevertheless, his jaw-
hinges had been too well oiled for my
liking, and I was just going to remark
that he could sleep in the corral if he
insisted on so doing, when Joe Scott
broke in.

  “Sure, Ek,” says he, this evidently
being Eric’s pet name. “I can fix myself
up a shake-down on the floor.”

  “It’s a hard floor,” says I.

  Joe Scott didn’t say anything. Silence
seemed to be rather his long suit—
silence and self-sacrifice.

  “There are nails in it,” I continued,
“and the allowance of blankets is
limited.”

  Still he said nothing; and so eventually
he had his way, after an evening spent by
Eric Wilson in fascinating discourse and
by Scott and me in a more or less de-
pressed silence. I figure I was more de-
pressed than Scott was, because occasion-
ally I like to chat a little myself, whereas
this young man seemed perfectly content
to sit and listen to the conversation of his
gifted side-kicker. He sat in a dark
comer, and smoked cigarets and drank
in Eric Wilson’s flowing periods like he
was listening to the Prophet Isaiah.

  “Of course,” says the golden-tongued
boy orator, when he had dealt with the
free silver, tariff, negro voting, pro-
hibition, immigration and free range
questions, and when at last the clock
marked 10 p. m., “a man of your age, Mr.

 Garfield, taking you as a relic left over
 from a past generation—”

   “—wants to go to bed,” says I rudely;
 and went there.

   I lay awake long enough to hear Wil-
 son catch his spurs in Scott’s carefully-
 arranged shake-down and scatter it all
 over the floor; to his curses about which
 Scott replied:

   “S’all right, Ek. Sorry. Don’t mat-
ter. I’ll make it up again.”

   And then I fell asleep.

   That’s all I have to say in introduction
 of these two young men, except more to
 the same effect, viz: that when I came
 down next morning to earn my twenty-
 five cents by providing their breakfasts,
 I found that Joe Scott had already cooked
 Ek Wilson’s and mine, and was just
 about to start cooking his own.

   Also, that when the boys’ departure
for the Lazy F put an end to Wilson’s
discourse on the best methods of bull-
breeding, I went out to the kitchen only
to find that Scott had employed the odd
quarter of an hour in washing the dishes.

II

  AND AS things had started, so they
continued—which is a habit they
have, unless there is somebody about
who knows how the course of events
should run, and is capable of keeping cir-
cumstances in their proper channel by
brute force. I am such a somebody, but
when I say “brute force” I don’t mean
anything to do with peg-legs or revolvers
or similar coarse tools. You will see
what I do mean in a minute; but in the
meantime, let me state that both Eric
Wilson and Joe Scott fell heavily and im-
mediately in love with the daughter of old
Colonel Sanderson of the Bar T outfit;
and that Wilson, ere a week was out,
appeared to be winning in a walk.

  And why not? I ask you. Wasn’t he
designed by nature to be the idol not
, only of all the available ladies, but also of
ninety-nine per cent, of the males, who
might have been expected to know
better? v Wasn’t his hair curly, and
136

F. R. BUCKLEY

couldn’t he make his eyes flash? And
didn’t he always have Scott along to
deputize on any work? Yea, verily.

  “Yes,” says poor Joe Scott, when he
came over one day, and I mentioned his
pal to him, “a muslin sack of the usual,
please. He’s one of fortune’s favorites all
right, Mr. Garfield. Suppose you and
me had been born like that, eh?”

  “Let’s don’t,” I begged, having just
had my lunch. “How is he gettin’ on
with Mabel?”

  Mr. Scott smiled bravely, but there
was a wrinkle about half an inch above his
left eyebrow. This gave me my first
idea that his heart was, after all, stronger
than his hallucinations.

  “Fine!” says he. “Of course, Mabel
herself ain’t in the matter so much yet
awhile.”

  “No?” I asked with some surprize.
“No,” says Joe Scott, sighing and star-
ing at a mineral-water calendar, “no.
She’s such a soft little wind-flower of the
prairie, Mr. Garfield, that us rough men
that would make her our own must—”
“Us?” I inquired.

  “Him, I mean,” stutters Scott. “What
I mean—er—”

  “Yeah,” says I. “What you mean is
that Wilson’s butterin’ the Old Man up
before he starts on the girl. But what I’d
like to know is how he’s workin’ the
hypnosis on a gruff-voiced, parade-rasp-
ing old martinet like that.”

  “Oh,” says Scott, “Wilson gets on fine.
You know, Ek was in the Army during
the war.”

  “What regiment?”

  “I don’t know,” says Scott, “he’s so
modest. But I don’t think he was in an
ordinary regiment at all. I think he had
some very important detached duty—
something ’way up.”

  “Fifteenth floor of the remount depot,
most like,” I suggested. “How about
yourself?”

  “Oh, I was just a doughboy; an’ not a
very good one at that.”

  “How so?”

  “Oh, well, I was back in the base hos-
pital about half my time. If there was a

machine-gun nest within a mile, I’d go an’
blunder into it an’—”

  “How about the machine-gunners?” I
asked.

  “Oh, well—” says Scott regretfully.

  So we had a moment of silence for the
heroic dead, and would have had an-
other for Scott’s Congressional Medal of
Honor if I’d known about it; and then I
said—

  “So you don’t seem to cut much ice
with old Sanderson, eh?”

  The boy started up as if I’d stuck a pin
into him.

  “Me? Oh no. I never try to,” he
protested. “You seen for yourself what a
fascinating guy Wilson is—”

  Meeting my gaze, he swallowed some-
thing.

  “I’m—er—I’m thinkin’ of leaving these
parts pretty soon, Mr. Garfield,” says
he. “You know what I mean. Wilson’s
the only guy that’s ever taken much
notice of me—I’m kind of a dumb ox;
an’ now he’s gettin’ kind of occupied
with the Colonel an’ Ma—Miss Sander-
son—”

  “Don’t you boys go over to the Bar T
together?”

  “Oh yeah, but—”

  “But the conversation don’t seem to
include you?”

 “No. Not much. You see, I got
nothin’ to say.”

  “Sit alone by yourself all evenin’?”
“Miss Mabel generally brings her sew-
ing an’ sits near me,” says Scott, evinc-
ing a desire to bury his head in his hands,
“but I dunno what to say to her either,
beyond that it’s a fine night, which it
generally ain’t. I kind of can’t help
listenin’ to Wilson—he talks like a book,
you know, Mr. Garfield; so interestin’.
The Colonel thinks he’s the most intel-
ligentest man that ever trod the soil of
Texas. And so he is.”

  “Son-in-law, then?” says I.

  Poor Scott failed to suppress a violent
shudder.

  “Well, I don’t know,” says he, his eyes
filming over and his voice appearing to
issue from a throat partly obstructed by a
MACHIAVELLI PEG-LEG

127

large green-gage. “That’s a pretty big
order Mr. Garfield. When it’s the sweet-
est little woman in God’s country; the
fairest—”

  “Yeah!” says I hastily, getting him out
of his trance with a prod in the ribs.
“Yeah—when all that’s at stake, what
next?”

  “Well, it’s a big order,” says Scott
lamely. “Wilson ain’t said anythin’ yet
—even to me—but his eyes have spoken
for him.”

  “My Lord,” I demanded, “ain’t there
no part of that man that don’t talk?”
“But the Colonel,” says Joe miserably,
“ain’t goin’ to leggo his desert rose to the
first comer. Intelligence may be all
right, but he wants more. He’s a-selectin’
her mate with care, with lovin’—”

  “Does Wilson ever show any interest
in the Colonel’s health?” I demanded
suddenly.

  Scott came out of another trance.
“N-no,” says he. “Just goes up and
takes him by the hand an’ tells him he
looks not more than forty-five.”

  “Why don’t you do similar?” I asked.
“It’s no use actin’ as if you weren’t in
love with Mabel, because you are. And
take your forehead off my cash-register.
You’re perspiring with agony, an’ you’ll
rust it.”

  “How could I tell the old guy such
lies?” demanded Scott without obeying
my last injunction. “He looks more like
ninety to me. I ain’t got no social sense—
never had. Never will have.”

  “But what if I was to promise you that
you’d be Mabel’s mate, as you call it,” I
inquired, “an’ not Wilson?”
“Wha-a-a-a-t?” gasps Scott, recovering
miraculously. With eyes that shone like
newly-polished door-knobs, he stood in
ecstasy for a moment; and then he looked
at me, and what do you think he said?
Even he had heard this slander about
my violence, and he spoke of the same.
I nearly chucked his case up on the spot.

  “Look here,” says he, “I can’t have
any injuries done to my pal, Mr. Gar-
field. No framing him up with a felony
and knocking the daylights out of him.”

  “Why—” I broke in indignantly.

  “I mean, no dropping of hams on his
head out of the rafters, or stunning him
with a chair, or making him fall down
cellar stairs or fire a double-barreled ten-
gage duck-gun at himself,” says Scott,
alluding to several episodes which nobody
regrets more than I do.

  “Get out of here,” says I, resolving to
be patient and demonstrate to the boy his
error in estimating my character. “Good
afternoon!”

Ill

WELL, of course he was careful to tell
me, before leaving, that I must be
out of my mind. And then, during the
whole of the next week, he added insult
to injury by riding over every day to
recount the amazing progress Wilson was
making in old Colonel Sanderson’s es-
teem.

  “The best man’s winning, like I told
you he would!” says Mr. Scott on about
his fifth visit, and in a triumphant man-
ner slightly marred by the audible break-
ing of his heart. “I told you you were
talking through your hat, Mr. Garfield!”
“Yeah,” says I, biting off an end of
thread and continuing to patch my pants,
“but you didn’t mention that you had
four certificates from the Humane So-
ciety, did you, now?”

  “Don’t try to change the subject,” says
Mr. Scott, blushing. “I’d like you to
apologize for saying that Miss Sanderson
could possibly be mixed up matrimonially
with a man of my caliber. No doubt you
were under the influence of drink at the
time, and I am not disposed to be
severe—”

“Nor me,” I told him. “Get out now!”
“Of course,” says the poor goof hope-
fully, but going toward the door neverthe-
less, “if you had any real good reasons for
making such a statement—”

  “Good afternoon,” says I. “And if
anybody’s going to commit suicide on
me, it had better be the girl’s almost-
fiance.”

  “If I bring him over,” says Scott. “I
don’t know what will happen.”
128

F. R. BUCKLEY

  “Bring him and see,” says I. “Good
afternoon!”

  So he brought him; but not to demand
explanations—merely to ask if, as I had
alleged, I could supply diamond solitaire
engagement-rings cheaper than the great
New York jewelry firms. Of course, I
can’t, but 1 had alleged it. Am I not
writing this narrative to show there’s
more to me than mere muscular agility
and quickness on the draw?

  “I didn’t think,” I told Wilson, while
exhibiting a catalog sent me in 1901,
“that matters had got quite to the ring
stage yet.”

  “Well, to be quite truthful,” says the
handsome young man, delicately licking
his finger and turning to the four-carat
section, “I have not yet thought it ad-
visable to put the question to the young
lady herself, Mr. Garfield. Possibly you
are not acquainted with the method in
vogue among families of aristocratic
European extraction in the arrangement
of these things—especially where, as in
this case, a large quantity of land and
similar real property, at present entailed
upon the heirs-male—”

  “The method consists in soft-soaping
the male ancestor, huh?” says I.

  “Well, certainly, the favorable—”
“And Sanderson isn’t quite ready to
slip yet, ain’t he?”

  “I shouldn’t exactly put it in that
manner, but—”

  “That’s what you mean, ain’t it?
Well, listen. You understand that there’s
a bit of profit on these diamond rings.”
“My dear Mr. Garfield—” begins the
expansive young gentleman, waving one
hand in the air.

  “Well, I’d like to sell you one as quick
as may be,” I informed him brutally,
though seeing in his eye that he’d decided
to go to Laredo for the token. “Where-
fore I tell you this. Your sidekicker says
that never in the whole course of your
going to the Lazy F have you asked the
Colonel how he felt in himself, like, or
gone into the question of his inflammatory
rheumatism.”

  “Rheumatism?”

  “He’s a martyr to it. It’s a regular
hobby of his. He’s always gettin’ Doc
Brewer over, an’ experimentin’ on him-
self with patent medicines. He spends
hours and hours dosin’ himself, an’ he’d
like to spend hours and hours more
talkin’ about how it feels and what he’s
doin’ for it; but he don’t dare any more,
on account of everybody leavin’ the mo-
ment he starts on his symptoms. Haven’t
you noticed the way he drags his left
leg after him?”

  “Yes, but I assumed—”

  “He’s trawling for inquiries,” says I,
winking, “an’ the man who would go
an’ ask him how it was, an’ not be put off
by him sayin’ he never had such a thing
—of course, he’s gun-shy these days; the
man who’d go ahead and draw him out
on the subject would make a hit. I say
no more.”

  “You’ve said enough!” says Wilson,
grabbing hold of my hand and shaking it.
“I certainly will come to you for that
ring! You know how it is, Mr. Garfield—
a man may be all that’s desirable, and
yet not have that key—that little human
passport to the heart of the person—”
“Yeah,” says I. “Well, you try
that. Good day.”

  “Orryvwaw/” replies Wilson in fluent
French. “Come on, Scott. God bless
you, Mr. Garfield!”

  So they went.

  I should like just here to remark that
while before now I have had to shoot
horses and drown dogs, and have seen
their eyes fixed upon me during the pro-
cesses—never have I seen such a gaze as
was handed forth by J. Scott as he fol-
lowed his friend through the door.

IV

BUT HOW changed he was when next
I saw him—Mr. Scott, I mean.

  If you will believe me, he came vaulting
on to my verandah over the railing and,
having entered the store, he positively
swaggered up to the counter and
slapped me on the back.

  “Well!” says he.
MACHIAVELLI PEG-LEG

129

  “Well indeed,” I answered, swallowing
my butt all the way down before it could
burn me. “Well what?”

  “She’s going to marry me-e-e-e!”
chants Mr. Scott, doing a few steps of the
Charleston on my floor. “We were sit-
ting together as usual, neither of us saying
a word and she sewing—you know, last
night, after we’d been over here to see
you. Tra-la-la-lai-tu! And Wilson was
talking to the Old Man, thick as thieves.
All of a sudden, he said something, Wilson
did; and the old Colonel bobbed up out of
his chair and said—well, never mind
what he said, tra-la! Something about
Wilson’s impudence. So Wilson said
something else, and the Colonel got to be
quite a bright purple color, and roared
out, ‘Go and read the history of your
country, you young puppy! Go and
read the history of your native land!’
“Tra-la-la! So Wilson said something
else, and the Colonel reached for a gun,
tiddley-push. Ooooo, merrily goes the
time when the hea-a-a-rt is young,
tra-la—”

  “And then?” I asked, merely exhibiting
the stove-poker.

  “So I was going to rush between them,”
says Mr. Scott, “when of a sudden I felt
two soft, sweet, rounded arms about my
neck, Mr. Garfield, and I heard rose-
petal lips whispering in my ear, ‘Let him
drill a hole in the nasty tango-lizard if he
feels like it, Joey. You stay right here
with me.’ ”

  “M’m,” says I, marveling at the vocab-
ulary nice girls have these days. “And
so—?”

  “And so I stayed,” says Mr. Scott.
“Tra-la-la-lai-tu!”

  “Yodeling is all very well,” I remarked
sternly, “but a few scattered thanks
would be better.”

  “Thanks?” demanded Scott, breaking
off amid a call to the summit of Mont
Blanc and regarding me strangely.

  “I won’t insist on an apology for the
way you suspected me of violence,”

I said, “but gratitude I should and will
have.”

  “Gratitude?” gasps the affianced gent.
“When only the other day—yesterday,
by gosh—you were tellin’ Wilson how to
cold-cream the Colonel—”

  “By asking him about his rheumatism,”
says I.

  “Yeah!”

  “The said Colonel having been, during
the late war—I mean the Civil War,”
says I meaningly and slowly, “a Colonel
in the recruiting, commissariat or graves
registration departments. I dunno
which; but anyhow, he spent a very
pleasant war in Chicago, Illinois, and
bought the Lazy F with the proceeds.”
“Oh,” says Mr. Scott less melodiously.
“It is indeed rheumatism, not to say'
gout, which causes him to limp so pathet-
ically,” says I, “but it is quite a passion of
his to have the credit given to some
ghastly gash gained in the service of his
country. And since he owns most of the
land and banks and things hereabouts,
everybody but your friend Wilson has
hitherto let it go at that.”

  “Oh!” says Mr. Scott again, and re-
garded me with considerable admiration.
“And they told me, when I first came
here, that you were a—”

  “They were wrong,” says I, reaching
under the counter for a catalog that had
come in that morning’s mail. “I am a
sheriff to be sure, and can act as such
when required. But I am also a station-
master, postmaster, commissioner of
deeds, registrar of vital statistics and—
most especially—the proprietor of this
here International Emporium.”

  I spread out the catalog to its best ad-
vantage and fixed Scott with my glittering
eye.

  “Now that you have ceased to identify
me exclusively with battle, murder, sud-
den death and similar necessary but un-
profitable things,” I suggested, “how
about letting me take your order for a
nice diamond solitaire ring?”
The Mystery of the Korin Screen

THE
THUNDER GOD

WESTGAARD leaned back in his
office-chair, his head against the
framed photograph of some enor-
mous States factory; his eyes, half closed,
seemed interested only in watching the
gray smoke of his cigaret turn to blue
where it floated into sunlight.

  He listened to the squeal of ill-adjusted
brakes on the wet street below the offices
of the Asiatic-Import and then said gently
that it was surprizing how slowly Osaka’s
streets dried after a shower.

  “I can’t accustom myself to machines
in Japan,” he added, “but I suppose you
do a nice business in them, Bill. It will be
a long time before they come to my own
province.” He stretched his legs. “I’ve
never driven one,” he went on slowly.
“I don’t believe that I could. It’s hard
enough—” smiling—“for me to sit in a
chair. All I can do to keep from squattin’
on the floor.”

  Carstairs, Osaka manager of the A-I,
listened carefully, saw nothing to answer
and, worse, nothing to the point. So he
repeated his original sentence, only no
longer as an interrogation.

  “You couldn’t go for us,” he said.

  Westgaard’s eyes, hazy blue-gray like
the smoke, did not flicker.

  “I haven’t said a word—yet—about
going or not going. I’n^ only trying to
tell you to come clean,, Bill.” He bal-
anced himself more precariously. “You’re
gettin’ like your office, Bill. You’ve got
a filin’-case mind. You tell me some-
thing just as you’d write it on an order
blank.”

  The other man tried to find a way to
meet Westgaard’s preoccupied eyes and,
after a pause, said swiftly:

  “I’ve told you all I know, Andy. All.
Every word. My orders came from the
Old Man himself. He said, ‘Send West-
gaard.’ I know it sounds like a fool
business. I suppose it is foolish. And
yet the boss insisted—”

  “You might have told him that this is
silk-buyin’ season up my way, Bill. And
you might have added that I’m no curio
hunter.”

  “I didn’t tell him—”

  “No, you didn’t tell him anything, Bill.
That’s why you’re a manager here, old
Bill.” The dried-out Westgaard did not
move, but added solemnly, “After all, I
know I’m a sort of special ambassador
for the A-I, but I ought to be allowed a
little choice. You just tell the boss I’m
not interested in fancy screens and let it
go at that. Or I’ll write him myself.
Tell him one of the kids’ll get it for
him.”

  Carstairs fumbled with his watch-fob;
his placid face—Westgaard had more
wrinkles about his eyes than the other
had in his entire countenance—showed
actual distress.

  “I don’t believe I dare,” he admitted
finally. “The Old Man said you. He
seemed to have some special reason for
sending you, or he wouldn’t have had you
come all the way from your district. He
probably knows more than I do about
it.”

  Westgaard shrugged.
A Complete Novelette

by

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  “Prob’ly does.” He rocked the chair
to the floor and stood up. “If he wants
curios, tell him to go get ’em. Hanged if
I’ll dry-nurse any screen from some dingy
temple to become the ornament in some
woman’s what-d’ye-call’em. That’s that,
Bill. Shikata ga nai—can’t be helped.”

  Carstairs did not attempt to argue.
Westgaard was one of the A-I pioneers;
never before had the north-province man
reftieed anything. Carstairs told the
other that he didn’t blame him, that it
would be arranged differently, somehow.

  “I don’t mind doing it,” Westgaard
retorted, “but it’s a fool’s errand, Bill.
If the Old Man thinks I’m gettin’ old—
maskee. If I do this, next week he’ll want
me to buy a pair of embroidered night-

gowns for some tourist he knows—and I
will not buy nightgowns.”

  He went to the window and opened it.
“Smells good after a little rain,” he
continued soberly.

  Carstairs realized that this was the
end of the Old Man’s orders; he began to
wonder if he should send some one else
after the screen, or wire the head of the
A-I for instructions. His orderly mind
began to plan the letter.

  The other’s calm voice came to him—
“Funny how Osaka’s changed since
we came to the Orient. Can’t get used to
it. Hasn’t chanced any when you get
away from the cities, though. When I
look down and see uniformed messenger-
boys and trams and machines and bikes;
132

SIDNEY»HERSCHEL SMALL

when I know that in this building there’re
desks and adding-machines and tele-
phones, it’s hard to remember that the
Nishi Hongwanji is just around the cor-
ner, with its dogs of Fo and dragons and
lanterns and gods and 1 bronze bells—
All a sign I’m gettin’ old, Bill. Mere fact

I	talk so much proves it! An old-timer
buyin’ silk underwear embroidered with
iris! Step-ins! Camisoles! Sent by the
boss after a corset—I know it was a
screen, but it might just as» well have
been the other—and—”

   The word hung in the air.

  Westgaard stood stock-still at the
window, his eyes suddenly wide and
bright. Before Carstairs could cry out
even once, he was back in his chair.

  “Tell me more of this business of
screens,” he demanded sharply.

   Carstairs gasped, pointing:

  “It hit the ceiling, Andy! You can see
the hole. You were standing right in the
light. Whoever shot knew who you were.
Whoever—”

   “The screen, Bill!”

  Carstairs could not maintain even a
semblance of calm.

  “It came all the way from across the
street,” he shouted, although he did not
go to the window. “From either the
third or fourth floor. I’m going to call
the police! Shot at you, Andy. No
question of it. Couldn’t have missed by
more than an inch.”

  “Six. Good shot from that distance.”
“Worst thing I ever heard of! Osaka
isn’t a frontier town. I’ll—”

  Westgaard placed a lean hand over the
telephone.

  “Don’t,” he said rapidly. “You want
me to go after the—underwear. I may,
now. All depends. Forget the shot,
Bill, and give me a line on the screen.”
The Osaka manager was unable to take
his eyes from the window, the opposite
building.

   “If I’d been watching I could have seen
who shot at you,” he said at last. “It
came through the window at an angle.
It must have been fired from that vacant
third floor. It was just leased to a

British steamship crowd, and they
haven’t taken possession yet. The—the
police ought to be informed, Andy. I
wouldn’t wander if some one in the street
heard the shot and reported it. Why
should any one want to pot you, any-
how?”

  Westgaard’s hazy eyes brightened until
they were as shining as the clear sky.

  “Nobody wanted to—until today,” he
admitted. In a crisp voice, “No use
talkin’ about it. But this screen, what’s
it worth? Who knows we’re after it?
Who else’s after it?”

  Carstairs pulled his eyes from window
to bullet-hole.

  “This’s a concrete building,” he said
shakily. “The bullet’s stuck in the ceil-
ing. I—this thing’s upset me.”

  “Get on with the screen.”

   The other shook his head almost bellig-
erently as he said:

  “You’re used to excitement, Andy;
you’re all head and no nerves. It’s just
come to me that perhaps the shot was
meant for me.”

  “You’re fair and I’m dark; you’re fat
and I’m thin. Besides—” smiling—“the
sun reflects off that bald dome of yours
like it would off brass. No, don’t worry.
Whoever did the shootin’ knew who he
was aimin’ at. Now tell me about the
screen.” Westgaard’s level voice sobered,
calmed, the other.

“ TT’S SUPPOSED to be aKorin. Made
A about 1811, a few years before the
artist died. That’s what they say at the
museum. I had some one ask. It is
made in six sections. You can’t miss it.”
He paused and then said, “Give me a
cigaret, Andy. I’m sweating all over.”
“If you didn’t follow orders so closely,
Bill, you could take a drink out of a
bottle in your desk. You need one! It’s
a screen in six parts, just like a hundred
thousand others. Is that all you know?”
Carstairs smiled faintly.

  “I—I’m going out and have one direct-
ly we finish,” he told Westgaard. “But
the screen—it’s painted with pictures of
the wind god and the thunder god. There
THE THUNDER GOD

133

are supposed to be two empty panels.
The hair of the thunder god’s done in
gold. He’s holding a round pole with
nine thunderbolts attached to it. He’s
almost naked, except for some sort of
kilts. The wind god’s got a regular pig-
snout. And then there’s Korin’s sig-
nature, of course. Anyhow, I’ve got a
sketch of the thing; you’d better take it
along.”

  Westgaard studied the drawing of the
screen.

  “How much’s it worth?”

 “Nobody knows. An inferior one
brought fifty thousand yen.”

  Westgaard’s eyes narrowed.

  “Where is it?”

  “Up above Denshaiko—the hot spring
country. Been in the temple ever since
the artist, Korin, died. Temple’s broke,
the Old Man wrote; that’s why they’re
selling. Just buy it and bring it back.
The priests are ready to sell. Nothing
new about that. Every temple parts with
its treasures when the priests are hungry,
and this has been a hard season up Den-
shaiko way.”

  “Never heard of this screen before,
Bill. I was in the Denshaiko temple
once, too, but—”

  “It was kept in the house of some rich
priest, I understand, and has only re-
cently been kept in the temple. Or I
might be mistaken; it may still be in the
priest’s house. Not that it matters, so
long as you get it. I’ve got the money for
you in thousand-yen notes. Whoever’s
selling knows what it’s worth.”

  “I suppose you kept the Old Man’s
letter in your desk?”

  “It came marked ‘confidential,’ and I
didn’t suppose he wanted every one in the
office to know about it.”

 “Just wanted to know.” Westgaard
crossed the office and examined the lock
of the desk. “I could open it with a
buttonhook,” he said. “My boy—he’s
along with me, Bill, and he’s a slick
kid. Picked him up in my district—my
boy could pick that lock with a tooth-
pick. Oh, well, there’s prob’ly no con-
nection between the screen and the pot-

shot. Just some enthusiast practisin’.
By the way, is any one else after the
screen?”

  “Not that I know about. I think the
Old Man was informed that it was to be
sold; that information isn’t general.”
“Well,” Westgaard said, “it seems as if
some one knows. Somebody who doesn’t
like the ketojin*. Who do we buy the
thing for?”

 “I don’t know. I’m to send it to
Tokyo when you bring it.”

  “You mean when I get it. You mean—
What’s the matter with you now?”
Carstairs had slipped low in his chair;
he waved a hand to indicate that he want-
ed to talk, but when words issued they
were almost in a whisper.

  “The Old Man wrote that you were to
go armed, Andy. Armed!” His chin
trembled. “I’d forgotten all about that.
You know how the boss is. Gives more
advice than you can remember, just to
fill out the page. But now that you’ve
been shot at—”

  Westgaard reached out a hand.

  “Let me see the letter,” he asked.

  Various trusted employees of this company
  are forced to carry large sums of currency, and
  it should be impressed upon them that it is
  necessary that they be in possession of a large
  caliber revolver of reputable make. A blanket
  permit has been secured for them by this office.
  You are to impress this upon all such employees
  in your territory.

  For a moment he read silently; he
grinned almost at once and then began to
laugh loudly.

  “And that’s the Old Man,” he said
gleefully. “He copied that darned para-
graph from his ‘dictation-to-field-men
notebook,’ and you and I worried about
it. He’s prob’ly got a new stenographer,
and she didn’t have sense enough to omit
it from a letter about me. Goin’ after
camisoles with a gun! Bill, don’t ever
tell the story on me.”

  “You’re talking,” Carstairs told him
thoughtfully. “You fooled me once with
a lot of words. I know what you’re
about when you’re silent, but when you

  * Hairy foreigners.
134

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

start to talk too much there’s something
up. This time it’s that shot.”

  “Didn’t know I gave myself away,”
Westgaard retorted. “Anyhow, you’re
wrong. I’m just glad to have a white man
to talk to; none in my district except a
few missionairies. Forget the shot. It
isn’t important. Now I remember a man
up Shimonoseki way who—”

  Carstairs smiled a little; then, since
Westgaard did not continue, he said very
quietly:

  “Remember that you’re big. You’re
easy to hit, Andy. A fellow who only
misses by inches when he’s shooting clear
across a street won’t miss when he’s any
closer.” He swallowed and looked at
the angular Westgaard nervously. “Be—
be careful, Andy,” he ended.

  The north-province man found that
somehow his hand and Carstairs’ were
joined in tight clasp. Curious emotion
touched him, and he found it difficult to
avoid saying that it had been many years
since any one had thought of his welfare.
What he did say was this—

  “I’ll have a try for the screen, and keep
my eyes open while I’m at it.”

  As he opened the door, and the noise
of the outer office made it necessary to
raise his voice, he added very loudly:
“I’m on my way. I’ll take the night
train from Umeda station.”

  Carstairs frowned and indicated that
the door was open; his eyes, raising to
Westgaard’s, lighted with sudden under-
standing.

  “Sooner you get started the better,”
he agreed vociferously. “The night train
by all means.”

  The meeting of the two men’s eyes was
as warm as the handclasp had been.

II

WESTGAARD had left his boy and
bags far from either the foreign
quarter or Shinsai-bashi-suji, Osaka’s prin-
cipal street. While he was in the descend-
ing lift from the A-I offices he decided
swiftly that he would not return to his
room, but go to the hotel. He made no

further admission that the shooting had
set him to thinking, that it might have
some bearing on the business in hand.

 The day had grown warm. In the
streets off Shinsai-bashi-suji shopkeepers
had drawn white cloth strips across the
ways to filter the sun’s rays. Inter-
mingled with Japanese dressed occidental-
fashion were many in kimonos, beggars
and minstrels trying to walk in stately
leisure between rickshaws and automo-
biles. One, in flowing black robes, bare-
headed, bleated once on a conch-shell
after a machine had brushed against him.

  As Westgaard’s rickshaw rattled over a
bridge, he saw boys up to their hips in the
river-bed, searching for eels. The river
was shadowed by a six-story, foreign-
style building.

  “I haven’t been inside the hotel for ten
years,” Westgaard said, when the Japa-
nese clerk greeted him by name.

  “Mis’Essg’d r’memb’r inn ’cross other
side Yodogawa?”

  “Westgaard said:

  “Thought I remembered your face.
And a good inn, too. That’s where my
bags are, and my boy. Send after them,
will you? And I’d like a room topside.
I’ll eat there, too. And—” quietly—
“I’m not in the hotel.”

  “You are not here,” the immaculate
clerk smiled. “Good. If not here, out of
lobby be good also. Boy!”

  From Westgaard’s room high in the
hotel the white man could see the city,
cut into many islands round which
swerved the black waters of the Yodo-
gawa. Rafts, craft like uncovered sam-
pans, steamboats of light draft, crowded
the river; beyond it hung a fine mist, like
heat haze.

  He pulled a chair to the window, think-
ing that it would take considerable marks-
manship to shoot at him now.

  That he had avoided the inn began to
trouble him.

  “I’m gettin’ old—shouldn’t have let
fussy old Bill scare me,” he thought. “A
screen, even worth fifty thousand yen,
isn’t worth murder. It might be if some
eta were able to steal it from me, but the
THE THUNDER GOD

135

beggar couldn’t sell it even if he had it.
He’d land in jail the moment he tried.
Besides, I haven’t got the screen; I’m
only after it. That shooting was
accidental.”

  The more he considered it, the more
accidental it seemed. Finally, relaxed,
soothed, he decided that good might
come of his half-fright.

  “I’ll order me a real dinner. I’ll give
the order to that clerk, and he’ll see I get
good food. Haven’t eaten a steak I don’t
know when. I’ll tell ’em to put it in a
hot pan and cook it right. If the Old
Man wants to send me on fool’s errands,
it’s time I gave him something like an
expense account. Wonder if I could get
a dry Martini that’d be mixed right.”

  He went to the room telephone.

  “Better write it down,” he said. “A
third, French vermouth; a third, Italian
vermouth; a third, Gordon’s; dash of
bitters. Tell ’em to measure, not to
guess! And I want it cold. Got it all
written down? Well, here’s another
order. I’m hungry and I know you’ll
have it cooked right— Oh—oh, you
think he was, eh? He’s cornin’ up?
What? Oh, anything to eat, anything
you’ve got. Two portions of everything.
Martini? Who said anything about a
Martini?”

  As he hung up the phone Westgaard
muttered—

  “I should have gone myself.”

  He went over to his chair by the win-
dow, sat down, pulled the chair round so
as to face the door and waited. The clerk
opened the door, but Westgaard’s eyes
went past him to the figure of his boy.

  “ ’Gainst rules ragpick’r come up,” the
clerk said. “Clo’s teared. “Maketa ni
chigai wa nai! There is no mistake about
his having been beaten!”

  Westgaard looked at the ripped kimono,
bought for Choshimu only a week ago, for
the great visit to Osaka.

  The boy whimpered:

  “Danna-san, I was not fighting with
city boys as you warned me! Danna-san,
of the new kimono there is nothing left,
but—”

  “Kimonos may be bought anywhere,”
Westgaard said in Japanese. He turned
to the hotel employee. “Thank you. If
any one should ask for me downstairs, say
you do not know if I am here, that you
just came to work, and arrange for some
one to phone up to me, keeping whoever
asks waiting.”

  The clerk nodded.

  “There was a great excitement when
your boy rushed in,” he said. “Any one
who knew that he was your boy knows
you are here.”

  “For that reason he goes back with
you,” Westgaard ordered. “Drive him
from the hotel. Have a porter do it.
However, explain to him where there is a
side or rear door and see to it that he is
watched as he goes to it and then have
him brought back to me. Can it be
done?”

  The clerk bowed.

  “The lady tourists will be glad to see
him driven out,” he said. “From their
words they must have believed that he
was a desperate criminal, with his tatters
and bruises, for all he is no bigger than a
large flea.”

“Flea am not!” Choshimu squeaked.
“He is your boy and he seems to have
spirit,” the clerk grinned. “We can not
blame you for wanting to discover who
beat him. It can be done.”

  Alone again, Westgaard wondered what
had happened to Choshimu, and why.
The boy could, and would, lie whenever
possible; he might have picked a quarrel
with the first Osaka boy he met. But he
did obey orders, and one of these was that
he was not to leave the room of the inn.
Whoever beat him, did it in Westgaard’s
room. Why?

  Had the lad been questioned and, re-
fusing answer, become impertinent to
some inn man-servant? The shot, the
screen, the beating—coincidence. That
was what it was.' No mere painted screen
could cause trouble, and yet—

  He looked at his bags and saw that the
strap of one was unfastened. Had a
curious inn-servant been prying, and had
Choshimu caught him at it? Or had
136

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

thieves slipped in through the inn’s
windows to the room on the ground floor
and, after having tied and gagged Choshi-
mu, robbed him? They must have been
disappointed in their haul.

  Westgaard pulled the taut strap loose
from its buckle. As he pressed the catch
down to open the bag, he heard Choshimu
call—

  “Har'nasai—Can I come in?”
Westgaard bent away from the bag,
although his fingers pressed the catch
open, and he automatically pulled the top
of the bag apart. It came slowly; it was
difficult to open. As Choshimu pushed
against the door Westgaard called:

  “Put your hand on the brass round
thing which sticks out from the wood and
turn it. Then the door will open for you,
Wooden-head.”

  As fingers turned the knob, and the
door swung, Westgaard, his head away
from the bag, pulled more forcibly on the
two sides of the top.

  The thunder of a discharged gun drove
him back on his heels.

  Smoke filled his eyes for a moment; his
fist drove out at the advancing figure of
Choshimu.

 “Danna-san! It was—”

  If it was not through the door, if some
one had not been simulating Choshimu’s
voice, it was the window. Westgaard
whirled toward it.

  Before he could even look out, Choshi-
mu shouted:

  “The leather box for clothes, danna-
san! I saw san! I saw! It did it once;
it will do it again. I have never believed
in devils, but I believe in them now.”
Smoke, Westgaard saw, hovered about
the mouth of the bag. He said, after he
had looked within—

  “That’s %hat they beat you for.” "

  It was almost impossible to believe that
a gun could be so rigged up to permit its
discharge. Blocks of wood held the butt
to the bottom of the bag; from the inner
pockets of the valise, wires were attached
to the barrel. These held the weapon
steady. Through the trigger-guard was
another piece of wood attached by wires

to two heavy springs. Opening the bag
exerted pressure upon the springs; they,
in turn, pulled down with uncanny force
upon the trigger.

  “Devils,” Westgaard agreed. “You
see how it was done, infant?”

  “I see now,” Choshimu told him,
“and I see more than that. When—”
Man and boy faced the door.

  When Westgaard explained to the
hotel attache that he had been handling
a new revolver, and it had discharged
suddenly, accidentally, and when he
explained further that he had a permit
for possession of a weapon, and when the
employee had disappeared with indrawn
breaths of politeness, then only did white
man and brown boy relax and become
natural.

  “An old priest told me that a wise man
knows when to be afraid,” the urchin
announced gravely.

  In the same voice, as if speaking to an
equal, Westgaard said—

  “We will remember that.”

Choshimu knelt down and looked under
the bed. He went to the window and
peered out.

  “It makes my belly come to my neck,”
he stated, “but so long as that door is
closed, we will have no more shootings
and beatings.” Filled with what had
happened, he hurried with, “I know my
kimono cost many sen, danna-san, and I
thought I was a brave man—” he was
twelve— “to keep thieves out of your
bags. I thought the noise I would make
fighting would call some one in the inn.
But some pig-face had his hand over my
mouth. I—I tried to fight, but I could
do no more than wriggle.

  “They came into the room through a
window; I did not hear them. Oh, there
were more than one. I know, even if they
had a rag over my eyes and over my
mouth. The first one who grabbed me
took a kick in the leg. I wished I wore
shoes like yours, danna-san. But they
were too many for me. I think there
were three. Or—five. Yes, there were
five. When these eight men had been
tied, they did something. I thought they
THE THUNDER GOD

137

were robbing you. Then six more men
had been tied, they did something. I
thought they were robbing you. Then
six more men came into the room, and
all began beating and kicking me at
once. And then—” shamefacedly—“I
went to sleep under their kicks and knew
nothing until you sent for me.”
Westgaard said:

  “If you did not lie so much you would
make a good soldier, baby, and if you did
not fight so much you would make a
good priest. We are going to eat as soon
as food can be brought. I will buy a riew
kimono.”

  “And it will be tom by no robbers. I
will have this devil-shooter, and—”
“Guns are not for children.”

  Westgaard took the automatic from
the boy, pulled the clip from the metal
stock and saw that three bullets remained.

  “I’ll obey instructions for once,” he
thought, and dropped the weapon into his
coat pocket.

  When food was brought, Choshimu ad-
mitted the waiter. Westgaard’s hand
was in his pocket until the servant had
brought table and tray. The white man
drank both cocktails and then watched
Choshimu sample all of the dishes, a bite
here, another there. The boy ate little
from any of the plates.

  “It has no taste,” he said finally.
“Besides, it is not seemly for me to eat
before you, danna-san. Are you not
hungry?”

  Westgaard shook his head.

  “Not hungry—but you eat, empty one.
Is this not better than rice and fish all
covered with daikkon?”

  “It has no taste,” Choshimu repeated.
“I like food which can be smelled, any-
how. Besides the food .of the white men
does not ride well in my belly.”

  Westgaard had lighted a cigaret and
was looking out at the lights springing up
like rising fireflies along the river; he
turned suddenly and caught Choshimu’s
face distorted.

  “What’s wrong?” he asked.

  “There is a very small pain in my
belly,” the boy told him. “It is nothing.

I did not know you saw me aching. It
will be better.”

  The white man poured a glass brimful
of tansan.

  “Drink,” he said.

  When the glass of mineral water was
emptied, Choshimu was ordered to drink
a second and a third; then Westgaard
thrust a long finger into the Japanese’s
scrawny throat. It was minutes before
Choshimu gasped—

“Do you want to kill me, danna-san?”
“If you had eaten like a pig you would
be dead already,” Westgaard snapped.
“If I had eaten with you, or alone, you
would have a new master tonight.”

  “I ate nothing,” the boy wailed. “I
only tasted.”

  “Be glad of that!”

  He stared at the scarcely touched dishes.
Choshimu divined his thought.

“Let us have that bringer-of-food
here, danna-san; we will slice an inch or so
from his cheeks and learn something!”
Westgaard was certain, beyond any
doubting, that the food was poisoned.

  “We will talk to him,” he agreed and
went to the house telephone.

  Before the waiter reached the room
Westgaard placed a small amount from
each dish on a clean plate.

  Even before the servant began to eat,
the white man knew that he was entirely
innocent; no protest was uttered beyond
a formal statement that it was against
the rules and might cost him his job.

  As the waiter removed the tray, a
second Japanese knocked and was admit-
ted. He bowed very slightly to West-
gaard and then said:

  “I am the manager. We have waited
for some one to ask to see you, but we
did not think of food. All I can say is that
a new kitchen-coolie went to work for us
this afternoon shortly after you came—
and that now he is gone!”

  Westgaard observed the hotel man
soberly.

  “You know what’s up,” he said at last.
  The Japanese shrugged.

  “We know that there is a something in
the wind,” he said. “A man—a white-
138

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

man—does not eat alone after being
away from other white men. He comes
to the restaurant where he hears his own
language and sees white women. Be-
sides, it is not every day that a shot is
heard in a hotel. We said nothing to you
about it, but I looked through that
door—” indicating one to a connecting
room—“is to make certain that you were
not injured. There is also a man—
armed—in the next room, with orders to
see that you are protected.”

  He looked squarely at the white man
before continuing.

  “If you are to stay with us long, may
we inform the police? We do not want
you to leave. It is not that. We merely
want protection for you while you are our
guest.”

  Westgaard said:

  “I’m leaving before night. Don’t say
anything to any one.”

  He had intended waiting until morn-
ing; now he wanted suddenly to give
whoever was attempting his life an op-
portunity to act again, to act more open-
ly. Shots in the dark and poison admit-
ted no counter-action.

  He said—

  “You don’t know who the kitchen-
coolie was?”

  “He came—he was hired. Now he is
gone. We do not know.”

  Choshimu wriggled uneasily.

  “He was one of the men, the twenty-
six men, who this afternoon—”

  Westgaard said—

  “Be still, baby.” To the hotel man he
bowed. “I am grateful to you. We want
to get to Umeda station for the night
train north. But—”

  “You will have my own car,” the other
said instantly, “and I myself will drive
you to the station.”

  “That makes it very simple,” West-
gaard smiled. “Will you have tickets to
Shibata bought? First class as far as
possible.”

  “I will telephone some friend of mine
to buy them, and he will meet us at the
station. That is better than having the
order come through the hotel. If you

have room, will you take food with you?
It will be carefully prepared.”

  Westgaard thanked him.

  “You must be wondering what this’s
all about.”

  The manager spread out his hands.

  “I have been in hotels too many years
to be astonished at anything.” He held
out his hand. “Good luck, Mr. West-
gaard, and be careful.”

  “I’ve been told that twice today.”

  “ ‘Man speaks once; repetition comes
from the gods,’ ” the other quoted in
Japanese.

  When he was gone, Choshimu, a hand
still pressing his stomach, said:

  “He can talk like a white man. In our
village every one believes that I can also,
because I can say, ‘Gair hair out here’ and
‘Wair hair my boy, Choshimu?’ and
‘Dam’fish got steenk’; but this man spoke
as well as you. When I am a man I will
have a watch-chain like his, and you will
be very proud of your boy. You will
say, ‘He was not much when I bought
him, but he is very fat now, and some
day I will make a wrestler of him.”
Westgaard smiled, but did not answer.
One by one he went over the events.
He began to picture the sketch of the
screen of the two gods—gods of the
thunder and of the wind. Inaction always
troubled him. If some one, or more than
one, were waiting for another try at him,
let them have it swiftly. The night train
had merely been a blind; he believed now
that it was wiser to take it as he had told
the manager, that open action might
really be the safer, but, at all events, it
was action. He said suddenly—

“I’m going to leave you here, baby.”
Choshimu’s voice came instantly—
“Two men are better than one, danna-
san./” Unconsciously, he mouthed what
had been said before him. “I am your
boy. Where you go, I go.”

  Westgaard did not agree. When Cho-
shimu finally squatted at his feet, his torn
kimono revealing the thin brown body
beneath, Westgaard knew that, be his
judgment what it might, he would take
the urchin with him.
THE THUNDER GOD

139

III

JAPANESE were assembled at the
station to say good-by to friends or
relatives. Each carried a final gift,
usually an imitation branch of cherry or
plum-blossom. Taxis dashed among
trams and rickshaws; electric signs blazed
self-praise above the gray tile roofs.

  A porter carried the two bags, one
filled with clothes, the second, which had
been the messenger of death, packed with
food and mineral water. The tickets were
in Westgaard’s pocket, and the white
man walked rapidly along the crowded
platform, knowing that the automobile’s
arrival had been planned with the de-
parture of the north-bound train.

  The noise and bustle, the semi-occident-
al scene, made Westgaard feel for the
second time that the attempted murder
was meant against some one else—a white
man, truly, but not Andrew Westgaard.
He had, he knew, no enemies. He had
been shot at from across a street, a
makeshift infernal machine had been
discharged in his room, his food had been
poisoned, but all by some one who had
never seen him closely.

  Robbery was plainly not intended.
Murder, and not thievery, was afield.

  Despite his half-hearted reasoning, he
was alert, watchful. Whoever wanted to
kill some one was well equipped for the
business. Being in a foreagn-style hotel
frequented by tourists had seemed per-
fectly safe. If it were not, neither was
any other place. Westgaard felt that the
whole business was impossible, mane,
foolish; but he relaxed none.

 Boys hawked sandwiches of gray
bread, fruit, tobacco; a seller of hot
macaroni howled his slippery ware; men
said noisy farewells, their women standing
a little back of them.

  Nearer the waiting train several drunk-
en Japanese helped one more drunk than
themselves into the train, with much
laughter and squealing. From time to
time an observant little policeman wan-
dered over to them to quiet the yelping.

  Westgaard’s car was the same as that

into which the tipsy Oriental was finally
pushed. He hoped that the rioters would
get away from the steps. He watched
them for a moment and was at last con-
vinced that they were what they seemed
—men who had celebrated to the best of
their ability. He must be cautious, care-
ful, but not old-womanish.

  “When I am a man,” Choshimu stated
gravely, “I will not be a safce-bladder on
legs. I will drink like you, danna-san,
and none will know when I am filled.”

“If you drink and I catch you at it—”
“You will beat me, I know. Some
day—” smiling up at the white man—
“you will really beat me, and perhaps it
will do me good.”

  There was no reason to wait longer.
Westgaard’s bags had already been taken
into the car. The drunken Japanese were
still at their riotous business; their sober
countrymen on the platform gave them a
wide berth.

  Entrance was blocked. Out of a comer
of his eye Westgaard observed that the
policeman was watching, probably won-
dering how to get the carousers away with
the least confusion. A Japanese said—

  “I am very ashamed of them!”
Westgaard remarked that they prob-
ably thought they were having a fine
time. As he spoke he started to push his
way gently through the men. What hap-
pened next was too fast for Westgaard to
comprehend.

  A hand was fastened around his arm, a
second grouped about his waist, some one
snarled in his ear.

  “Ketojin/”

  What Westgaard did was instinctive,
the result of what had already transpired
and his new caution. Instead of pushing
the men away or calling to the near
officer, his free hand went to his coat
pocket.

  He regretted the spat of his gun almost
before his finger had relaxed from the
trigger.

  Something burned him where he held
the gun. He did not know whether it
pained before or after the shot; he sup-
posed, curiously, in that instant, that the
140

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

discharge had scared his own flesh. Be-
fore he had time to hope that he had hit
no one in his moment of fearful madness,
the bodies swayed away from him, moved
by the unexpected shot perhaps, and then
returned, in a mass, overwhelmingly.
He heard:

  “Ketojin! UchiJcorosu! Kill him!”
With the grunted words he felt a new
hot pain in his side. The gun was for-
gotten. He tore his other hand from
whoever’s fingers held it and smashed
down at the smaller men. Some one had
him about the legs. Choshimu was
screaming; many people were yelling
excitedly; the policeman’s whistle, shrill,
clear, high, pierced every other sound.

  The Japanese were pressed closely to
him, both in anger and to escape the
heavy fists. The very pack of bodies
protected the white man, although one of
the Japanese, at the moment Westgaard
crashed his fist into the upturned face,
slashed upward at him. Westgaard
jerked his own head away, and the
descending knife brought a wild cry of
pain from some other Japanese.

  Teeth, he believed, were gnawing at
his knee; he tried to kick out to remove
the voracious mouth. Even as he struggled,
tried to shake himself free, not knowing
that the crowding protected him, the
idiocy of the whole proceeding struck him
forcibly.

  A crowded station. A policeman only
a few feet away, and what was the fellow
doing other than blowing his whistle? A
station in the heart of a great city—and
murder! He shouted suddenly, as if it
would explain everything:

  “I’m Andrew Westgaard! What in—”
  The answer chilled him.

  “We know it,” some one very close
screamed.

  That it was he himself they meant to
kill lent a different meaning to the whole.

  The Japanese were pawing, clutching,
at him; they were too close to use their
knives and, so long as he kept his feet,
actually impotent. One of his attackers,
Westgaard saw, kept away from the
others, as if on guard; this one cried

loudly something Westgaard did not
hear clearly. The result of it was almost
immediate; the Japanese tried to pull
away, and a knife-arm, in striking dis-
tance, swung upward. Westgaard grasped
the wrist, twisted; the knife fell to the
platform.

  The white man understood what they
were trying; what he did not understand
was why the policeman kept tooting his
whistle, why the hundreds of Japanese at
the station did not come to his aid. His
long arms grasped at the Orientals; he
tried to hold them tightly to him. The
first to break away cut at his hand in-
stantly.

  Choshimu screamed again, with an-
guish in his voice. There was a second
shot and the roar of an approaching
machine, dulling every other sound with
the wail of its siren.

  Westgaard stood alone. The first
thing he saw was a bruise across Choshi-
mu’s cheek, the next that the station
policeman was attempting to follow what
appeared only as a bulge in the throng of
people, a bulge like the gorge of a snake,
where the attackers were fleeing.

  Choshimu edged up to him where he
stood alone; none of the Japanese was
nearer than ten feet, although all were
now talking nervously, excitedly.

  “I did my best, danna-san,” he said.
He dug a fist into one eye. “When I am a
man I will be able to fight. One of these
pig-faces hit me, but I will know him
when I see him again, for I—”

  Westgaard’s side pained, throbbed.
He agreed with the returning station
policeman and a dozen of his summoned
mates, who had arrived in the machine,
that it would have been impossible to
shoot at the thieves when they attacked
him. He answered their questions calm-
ly. No, he had never seen the assailants
before. No, he did not know why they
had assaulted him. No, he was not hurt.
No, he did not know what they looked
like. No, he did not care to come to
headquarters and explain, since there was
no explanation. Yes, he still intended
taking the train, but who he was could be
THE THUNDER GOD

141

ascertained at the office of the Asiatic-
Import.

  The ranking policeman said:

  “We have never had such a thing hap-
pen before. Here in the crowded station.
And they have all vanished. But the
officer here, how could he shoot? He
would have hit you. And he says, and
I believe him, that he thought he must be
dreaming. An attack at Umeda station.
It is impossible.”

  Westgaard said:

  “It is of no importance. I am glad you
came. Impossible, yes. Even while I was
keeping them from stabbing me, it
seemed impossible.”

  “And you can tell us nothing?”
  “Nothing.”

  When Westgaard had climbed slowly
up the narrow steps into the car, the
officer announced—

 “Iwanu to moshitara—I thought he
would not tell, when he once said he would
not.”

  “He is a missionary and disliked talk of
fighting,” another remarked.

  “He is probably a missionary, because
he speaks our language. No, we are
wrong. If he were a missionary he
would have rushed to his consul, and we
would have a business on our hands.
From the consulate he would have gone
to the newspapers. It is bad enough to
report that a white man was attacked,
and we did not catch the men who did it;
it is bad, but it could be much worse!
That white man does not talk of fighting;
he fights.”

  “He did it very strangely. He was
never angry. I could see his eyes. They
were blank. He seemed to be asking,
‘What does this mean?’ while he used his
fists.”

 It was “What does it mean?” that
Westgaard, in the train, was actually
asking himself. He felt dazed, uncertain.
Anger had not been in his fighting nor,
until the final moments, fear. Had the
assailants done other than crowd about
him, he would have been killed. They
were, he felt positive, amateur murderers;
they did not know their trade.

  Had whoever wanted his life planned
the final attack, he had done it wisely,
in the crowded station, where surprize
kept interferers away—wisely, but he
had picked the killers poorly. What
chilled Westgaard was that they knew
who he was and nevertheless wanted his
life.

  Choshimu had been very silent as he
sat beside his master. He said now:

  “I will know the one who hit me. He
can see from one eye into the other. And
when I see him again—”

  “Don’t go after every cross-eyed man
you see. I’m going to the wash-room.
Did you notice the man those devils put
on the train?” As he asked, Westgaard
began to observe the other passengers,
all of whom were already looking at him.
Choshimu wriggled his nose.

  “He is not here. He jumped off and hit
me while I was kicking the ankles of a
man trying to knife you. He is the one
with the wrong eyes, and I will know him
when I see him again, danna-san.”

  Westgaard’s wounds were no more than
deep scratches. In the wash-room the
white man tied several tiny towels to-
gether and wound them as a bandage
about his middle. Next to his skin was
the belt with the thousand-yen notes; it,
and the notes, were sticky with blood.
The belt had been cut through twice, and
Westgaard wondered if it had saved him
from greater injury. This was hardly
probable; the belt was made of soft, un-
tanned skin. The bulge of the impro-
vised bandage would be visible once he
buttoned vest and coat; he removed the
notes from it and slipped them into his
hip-pocket; then he returned to Choshimu.

  The train shot past village after village,
dark, sleeping; the serrated mountain
range running east and west swam in
glittering moonlight. Long-legged gray
herons flapped up sullenly as the engine
rumbled over bridges.

  There had been no sleeper. In the
first-class carriage the Japanese, the
strange happening at the station already
forgotten, were sleeping on the long
side-seats. A wriggling youngster was
142

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

handed about like a sack of oats while
several women tried to still his squal-
ling.

  Banana-skins, orange-peel, eggshells
and cigaret-ends began to litter the floor.
Westgaard closed his eyes to shut out
sight and sound. Choshimu was already
asleep beside him, his head on the white
man’s knee, his shallow breaths coming
regularly, softly.

THE ROUGH sketch of the two gods
of the Korin screen rose before West-
gaard’s eyes. The wind god was replaced
entirely with the other more dread figure,
Kaminari, god of the thunder. Giant
naked body, with breasts like a woman’s.
Nine thunderbolts. Hair of streaming
gold. Muscular arms, encircled with
bracelets. At the corner of the carmine
mouth a gleaming pointed tusk, curved
inward. Painted rays about the navel.
Ears like a pig—grasping toes—

  A train-guard came through, and pas-
sengers were jerked awake to tender their
tickets. Westgaard gave up his own, re-
ceived his transfer-point coupon. When
the guard had finished and had seen that
every window was tightly closed and
fastened, the trainman went to the
second-class car ahead, noisily locking
and bolting the heavy door.

  Westgaard thought—

  “I’m safe for awhile.”

  He leaned back in his seat. His long
legs stretched into the aisle, and he drew
them up under him, Japanese-fashion.
He knew that the express would not stop
during the night or, if it did, no pas-
sengers would be admitted to the through
first-class carriage.

  He did not close his eyes; shut, they
would vision again the thunder god of the
screen. For no reason he could justify,
the god had assumed new, grotesquely
horrible meaning. The pain in his side
had disappeared, but he was positive that
sleep would not come. The car, true, was
locked and bolted, yet the safe thing to do
was to remain awake, watchful. Choshi-
mu had said that the cross-eyed Nip-
ponese—even granting that the excited

  boy had seen such a man—had jumped
from the train.

  Well, it would be at least a day before
any one could overtake him. Once he
was in Denshaiko he would buy the
screen immediately and wire Carstairs to
meet him in Tokyo rather than Osaka.
He would leave the same day he arrived,
and then let the devils try and get him!
It tickled him to think of their traveling
north when he would be on his return
journey. He was half convinced that the
screen had something to do with the
attacks. What else could it be? Into
the screen the menacing figure of the god
was woven.

  Westgaard moved his head slowly, not
to disturb the gently breathing boy. In
the northern sky the Three Councilors
had already opened their cold bright eyes,
the vapors of night twisting round them
like silken dreams.

  The train hurried north; the wheels
clicked against the spaces between the
rails—clickety-clack. They began to sing
a song:

             “Clickety-clack!

            You’ll never come back!”

over and over and over.

  Gradually the song of the rails dulled
to a murmur; the stars seemed slowly to
go out, and all things became viewless,
blackness; the blue-distant mountains
dissolved into the immense nothing.

  Slowly, it seemed, the mountains re-
appeared, each chiseled pinnacle flinging
to the sky the decoration of reflected
moonlight. Rocks changed to flying
serpents and featureless monsters, to
many-headed, many handed gods, to
painted foulnesses, pictured obscenities,
divinities of abomination; at the gate
of a yawning cavern there hung a star,
whose five shining points drew together
like the fingers of the clutching thunder
god.

  Westgaard stirred uneasily, and the
dream vanished into the singing of the
rails. Clickety-clack, clickety-clack, click-
ety-clack! The dream vanished, and the
man slept heavily.
THE THUNDER GOD

143

IV

THE CENTRAL plains had been left
behind in the night. When West-
gaard awoke the train was puffing its way
upward. Maples gave way to pine, pine
to scrub oak. Volcanic mountains,
rounded cones telling their origin and
history, started trickles of water which,
at the railway, became brawling, rushing
streams, black in shadow. Through
tunnels the train roared, while soft-coal
cinders worked their way in at every
crevice.

  “It is like the journey to the lowest
hell,” Choshimu said to the white man.
“When a priest from a little village first
passes through one of these hill-holes, he
must remember more prayers than he has
time to say.”

  Westgaard was stiff, chilled; he drank
gratefully the hot tea that Choshimu
brewed. The boy gorged on the food
from the hotel, but Westgaard was not
hungry. In the cold fight of day, he
wanted to buy the screen, return with it
and have the matter over with. Choshi-
mu was not so easily satisfied.

  “What does all this business of guns
and poison mean?” the boy asked.

  “No business for babies.”

  “Babies,” the urchin reminded him,
“can die just as well as men. If I am to be
ghot, poisoned and cut into small pieces
for picking, I should like to know to what
purpose.”

  Westgaard looked at the keen little
face.

  “You talk too much,” he said, since he
had no desire to speak of the screen. “I
shall be forced to—”

  “Beat me. Good! Tell me first and
beat me after. I was unable to sleep all
the night thinking of it.”

  “We go for a screen. You are not—”
“To say anything of it. I would not,
danna-san. Ho! What we go for is
something, but never a screen! Wood,
paper and paint. Do men kill one an-
other for such a thing? Danna-san, you
have told me never to lie, and now you
yourself—” He paused, examining the

  face of his master. “Tell me about this
screen,” he concluded slowly.

  “Merely a screen like other screens.
Look out of the window, child.”

  “Next you will give me suck on a wet
cloth,” Choshimu protested angrily.
“Look out of the window. Eat an
orange. Hai! I tell you men do not
kill for screens.”

  Westgaard, thoughtful, said—

  “I wonder if you’re right.” He added,
aloud, “If not the screen, what then?”

  “If you do not know, how should I?”
Automatically, deep in thought, the
white man said—

  “If you become impertinent I will be
forced to—”

  Choshimu snorted; grinned and then
said—

  “The train is going slower, danna-san."
Gradually the snorting engine slowed
its pace. Over a swiftly flowing river it
stopped entirely. Passengers began to
whisper together and, when they had
examined the distance from train to black
water, began to whisper anew.

  “They are afraid,” Choshimu said in
Westgaard’s ear.

. “And you?”

  “I? I am not afraid. I shiver only—
well, only because I am afraid some one
will know how frightened I am. Can this
little bridge hold the weight of these
great cars and all the people?”

  A door of the car opened, and a guard
called out that the tunnel was blocked;
much earth had slid before the entrance.
It would be many hours, perhaps the
next morning, before the way would be
cleared.

  “Those who desire,” he concluded, “can
go to a village near-by and spend the
day there.”

  A passenger who knew the route said
that it was unfortunate that the train was
stopped at this point. They were, he
said, almost over the mountain and once
on the other side there were no more
tunnels. A second passenger began
questioning the speaker how far was it
to the sea and from there to the end of
the line? How long did it take to go?
144

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

Could one ride in anything or must one
walk? The man who had traveled the
line before did not know.

  “I go in trains,” he said. “I do not
walk. If the train stops, I wait for it
to start again.”

  Westgaard did not want to wait for it
to start. He did not want to have the
following train catch up with him.

  “We’ll go to the village,” he said to
Choshimu.

  “And be eaten by fleas. Let us remain
here.”

  “And have the bridge fall down with

us?”

  Choshimu rubbed his nose.

  “You do not mean that,” he stated.
“You are like that other man; you are
anxious to get somewhere.”

  Westgaard had not thought of the
questioning passenger. When he had left
the train and was shown the path to the
village, he found that the other, carrying
one small bag, was already clambering
up the rough and narrow mountain trail.
It took but a turn or two and the tall
white man was up to the other. The
Japanese turned and smiled.

  “I am glad to have company,” he said.

  Suspicion flooded through the white
man.

  “We can go together,” he agreed polite-
ly. “How did you know I spoke
Japanese?”

  A shrug.

  “You spoke to your boy on the train,”
the other explained. Then rapidly, “It
is a good thing this path is in the shadow.
Otherwise—” a glance at his paunch—
“I would lose fat without going to the
springs.”

  Westgaard wondered whether the
Japanese had heard what was said to
Choshimu; it seemed impossible that he
had spoken loudly enough to be over-
heard. He said pleasantly—

  “You go far for the treatment of the
heated water.”

  “A friend of mine told me of a wonder-
ful place. You know the spring country
in the north?”

  Westgaard said—

   “No.”

    “Hai-ya! Well, I go to a spring called
 Shaidenko. It is very good to remove
 surplus weight, and I have plenty of that.
 But I have very little time to spend away
 from my business. I need treatment, but
 I need it very fast. So I go to this place
 I tell you of and I wish to get there as
 rapidly as I can.”

    Westgaard did not see what difference
 one day would make nor why a plump,
 comfortable Japanese would want to go
 other than by train. He thought sud-
 denly—

    “If this fat fellow’s going to try any-
 thing, I’ll throw him into the river.”

    He found himself trying to get a good
 look at the Japanese; when he did look he
 was disappointed. He half expected to
 find that the man’s eyes were crossed.
 Despite himself, he was relieved.

    If the fellow-passenger was mixed up
 in the business of the screen, or what-
 ever the thing was, Westgaard wanted to
 know it. He waited until it became neces-
 sary for the Japanese to stop and rest his
 arms. He heard him say that he had
 never seen a river flow so swiftly and
 then said suddenly—

   “You don’t mean Shaidenko; you mean
 Denshaiko.”

    There was a brief pause.

   “Have it as you will,” the Japanese
 told him slowly. “If you had known the
 country, had admitted you knew it, I
 would not have—lied.”

    “It is a bad thing to lie to my danna-
 san,” Choshimu piped. “It angers him
 and—”

    “I should not say he angers easily or
 he would give you a taste of the bamboo
 when you need it.”

    “He will some day, when the seas leap
 over the mountains and the stork mates
 with the tiger, perhaps.”

   The corpulent Oriental grinned at
Choshimu, picked up his bags and said—
“We might as well walk.”

   Westgaard did not understand his
boy. Choshimu was usually unfriendly
and his attitude toward strangers was
^ordinarily one of silent sneering.
THE THUNDER GOD

145

BEFORE the village roofs were in
sight, the Japanese turned and
stopped again.

  “I talked too much, and so did you,”
he said frankly.

  Westgaard did not say a word.

  “I am going to Denshaiko, where no
strangers have probably been for years.
You know the name of that village in the
hills, and probably no other white man
does. You really said nothing save to
contradict me, but that was more than
you should. Well, we both—go there?”
Westgaard moved no muscle. “We both
talk too much and possibly know too
much. Suppose we call it even and go
together.”

  “What makes you think I am going
there?” Westgaard felt this was wiser
than any denial.

  “Because you know the village’s name.”
He looked toward the volcanic peaks.
“I go for the hot water treatments, to
take a few inches of fat from my bones,
although a few days of carrying a bag
up a mountain would do it as well and
cheaper. Would you care to tell me
what your business there is?”

  A simple enough question. But why
“your business?” Didn’t it signify that
the Japanese had business of his own, far
removed from losing a layer of fat?
Westgaard was ready to fence.

  “My business?” His eyes were on the
great cones. “Certainly. I do not know
what the word is in Japanese—” nor, he
might have added, in English—“but I am
one of those who examine volcanoes.”
He hoped there was one near Denshaiko,
but the presence of hot springs made it
probable. “I write about them.”

  “You could not find a better place,”
the Japanese said. He seemed relieved, as
relieved as Westgaard was to find his
explanation accepted.

  As the three passed under a torii out-
side the village Choshimu whispered in
his master’s ear that he was becoming a
good liar, but that he, Choshimu, temple-
foundling, could teach him to become a
better.

  Beside the village the stream hissed.

 10

Westgaard was surprized to see that a
narrow boat was moored in a man-made
pool. Mamatsu—the Japanese and West-
gaard had exchanged names—observed
the craft also and spoke of it when they
were in the crude inn and settled on
zabwton*.

  “Where would one go in a boat?” he
asked the white man. “That river would
be too much for one made of steel.”

  Both were in yukata—the thin crepe
inn - kimonos given guests — and had
washed the soot from faces and bodies.
It was pleasantly cool on the soft mat-
ting. Raw fish, chicken fried in bean-
oil and egg-soup were followed by sake
and cigarets. Almost under them they
could hear the babbling of the water of
the stream. A venerable nesan, best the
village afforded, did honor to the unex-
pected, unusual guests.

  Mamatsu was very comfortable, but
he admitted that his legs ached.

  “It will be easier returning to the train;
it is downhill,” he said when Westgaard
did not answer. To the nesan he said,
“Can one go to the train by boat?”

  The ancient “girl” bowed, smiled all
over her face, pleased to be addressed by
men of such great importance.

  “The honorable river flows the other
way, to the sea,” she said.

  “How far to the sea?”

  “To the sea.”

  Mamatsu glanced at the white man.

  “I should not care to go down that
black water—alone.”

  Westgaard settled back comfortably.
“A day or so will not matter to you,”
he said, draining his tiny cup. “The
waters will not cool, Mamatsu-san.”
“No, no. Of course not. Still, I dis-
like waiting. I have very few days to be
cured and—”

  “You will risk your life for an extra
day.”

  Mamatsu said meekly—

  “I merely spoke of the boat.”

’ They were silent while the girl filled
the cups.

  “How long does it take to get to

   •Cushions.
146

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

 the sea?” Westgaard asked the nesan.

 Her hands, her arms in their butterfly
 sleeves, fluttered. The danna-san had
 spoken to her. What a tale to tell!

 “Fast—so fast,” she breathed. “But,
 all the way to the sea? It is dangerous,
 O, danna-san."

 Westgaard said to Mamatsu—

 “It might be quicker than by train.”
 “Hmm! The volcanoes will not run
 away, Westgaard-san!”

 “No—”

 “What difference will a day make?”
 “None, but waiting is not pleasant.”
 Choshimu made a grimace.

 “You could lie better than both of
 them, grandmother,” he told the nesan.
 Neither of the men heard him.
 Westgaard said sharply—

 “Suppose we—”

 “Try it? Good!”

 They were careful to avert their eyes.
 Westgaard stood up.

 “If—”

 “We might as well—”

 “Start.” To the nesan, “Send for the
 man who owns the boat.”

 Choshimu rocked on his heels.

 “Shot, poisoned, pickled and now given
 as an offering to the water gods,” he
 whined. “What next?”

 Mamatsu asked curiously, “What does
 he mean?”

 It was on the tip of Westgaard’s tongue
 to say, “You know damn well what he
 means!” He said, however, “He’s afraid
 I’ll take up to the crater. He’s the worst
 coward in the Islands.”

 Since he glared at Choshimu, the boy
 did nothing save wrinkle his nose. The
 summoned boatman was obviously ill at
 ease, but he agreed to take the three in his
 craft.

 “The water is high,” he said. “An-
 other rain and no one could get down the
 river. It—it is not a pleasure journey,”
 he added, fearfully, since he wanted the
 payment terribly—payment enough to
 buy a new boat, perhaps. “The boat is
 very dry. I am very careful. I once—”
 great argument—“took a white man in it
 —oh, not far, not to the sea, merely a

little way; but he did not even have wet
feet save where he slid on the rocks!
He—he paid well.”

  “Well we pay what is proper,” Ma-
matsu snapped. “We waste time; let us
go.”

  The boat was very narrow and was
made of thin slabs of mountain cedar.
Westgaard and Mamatsu knelt in the
middle; Choshimu crouched in the bow;
the boatman, with a long pole athwart
the boat, half squatted in the stem.

  The three men, the bags, the boy,
weighed the homemade craft perilously
deep in the water. The owner mumbled
to himself but, three gold yen already in
pocket and seven more promised at the
end of the journey, said nothing. If a
narikin* and a ketojin and a boy of small
importance wished to risk their lives,
what business was it of his? He himself
might be washed into the river and killed
were it not for the fact that a priest of
the temple had said that he would never
die in the water, provided proper offerings
were made to the temple. Katsu, the
boatman, had made the offerings. As
much as two bowls of millet but yester-
day.

  The river contained a midzu-chi—
water god; Katsu had paid the priest; the
priest had prayed to the god; if any one
were killed it would be one of the others.

  Katsu began to sing as he pushed the
boat from the still black pool.

V

THE RIVER flowed swiftly until the
village was out of sight; then the
boat moved less rapidly, and at last Katsu
was forced to pole.

  “Is this what you call fast?” Mamatsu
asked. “It will take us a week to get
anywhere.”

  Katsu sucked in his breath.

  “It is a strange river,” he said. “In a
little while we will go down, down, so fast
that there will be no wind in your lungs.”

  Westgaard had not been listening.
He half turned to the boatman, asking—

   'Millionaire.
THE THUNDER GOD

147

   “Does the tunnel here become impas-
 sable often?”

   “Yes. It is a very high mountain above
 the tunnel. On the other side the train
 goes down. In the rainy season the earth
 slides, but—” an eye to possible addition-
 al payment— “few, danna-san, are brave
 enough or strong enough to take the trail
 up to my village.”

   Mamatsu chuckled.

   “I asked that question on the train,” he
 said slyly. “It was accident, my friend.”
 “There have been too many accidents
 lately,” the white man retorted.

   The possibility of the blockaded tunnel
 had not occurred to him before as being
 premeditated. If it were, and Mamatsu,
 the agent, the fat Japanese, would never
 catch him napping.

   Mamatsu asked the sky—

   “Now who would want to hinder a man
 about to peer into volcanoes?”

   Westgaard’s answer came promptly—
 “Or a man who wishes to remove sur-
 plus fat?”

   “There is that angle also,” Mamatsu
 admitted.

   The boat made slow progress; in places
 the water was too deep for Katsu’s long
 pole. Again and again the heavily-laden
 craft floated near the steep bank, and the
 boatman pushed with his pole against
 ’ the rocks. .Trees, thick, luxuriant, grew
 almost to the water; wild cammelia
 dropped their bright pink flowers to
 become boats sailing to the sea.

   “Those are very rare flowers,” Katsu
 offered. “They grow nowhere else in
 Japan.”

   Westgaard had seen them all over the
 north.

“I was thinking of many things,”
Mamatsu shouted, “and you talk of
flowers. If you can not say something of
greater importance, Katsu, be silent.”
Katsu grunted—

   “It is too bad if a man may not speak
 of the honor of his village.”

   “I have seen those flowers all over
 Nippon,” Mamatsu said in the same loud
 voice. “When your mother told you
 that story she lied, fool.”

  “My mother did not tell it to me,” the
coolie muttered.

  Westgaard heard Mamatsu whisper
that he had not thought she did; aloud,
the fat man said—

  “Whoever told you lied.”

  “He was a white man, and white men
do not lie.”

  To Westgaard Mamatsu whispered
again:

  “You see? Anger them, and you hear
the truth. They like to talk anyhow.”
Loudly, “What white man? You have
never seen one, save the danna-san
here.”

  “He sat in this boat, I tell you! And
right at that bend of the river he stepped
ashore to examine the pink blossoms. I
stopped the boat; he stepped ashore. He
was a very learned man. He had a box
with him and collected flowers. He
said—”

  Mamatsu waved him silent.

  “Had he many other flowers in the box,
Katsu?”

   “I do not know; I did not see the inside
of it. He took it ashore with him.” The
other’s face puckered. “He took it
ashore, but I do not remember seeing it
after that.”

  White man and Japanese licked their
lips simultaneously.

  “How long ago was this?” Westgaard
asked.

  “Months. Four—five.”

  The white man relaxed.

   “And so it had nothing to do with acci-
dents or blocked tunnels,” Mamatsu
jibed.

  “Why are you interested in the busi-
ness of flowers?”

  Mamatsu scratched his chin.

  “Largely because you are,” he said
finally, as if that explained everything.
“Stop where you let the other white man
gather his flowers,” he commanded.

At the bend of the river Katsu said:
“Here is where he got out. He slipped
on that rock, and he gave me a yen not to
remember about him. I had forgotten.”
“Another lie like that, Katsu, and we
pay only six yen at the end of the trip.”
148

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  Choshimu, in the bow, giggled. While
Katsu held the boat against the bank,
Mamatsu and Westgaard scrambled out.

  Before they were a dozen feet up the
bank, Westgaard’s hand was-on his gun;
if the boatman and Mamatsu had planned
this together, the first shot would go to
the fat Japanese, the second to the boat-
man; there were no more bullets in the
gun. He let Mamatsu walk first and
watched his every movement.

  Mamatsu, however, seemed intent only
on the earth. Once he stopped and
pushed away hanging branches of a tree,
once he stooped and examined the leafy
ground; finally, with a throaty chuckle,
he pointed to several large rocks.

  “That box, Westgaard-san, is under
those rocks. Do you see how mossy they
are? But there are two of them at the
top from which the moss has been
scratched off—by fingers, perhaps.”

  •‘Or by some boy sitting on them.”

  ’‘Suppose we lift the rock. Exertion is
bad for my heart; together we will do the
trick.”

  Westgaard leaned against a tree.

  “I am not interested in rocks,” he said.

  “Have it as you will,” Mamatsu said
strangely. “After all, it is none of your
affair.”

  The pudgy Japanese was unable to
lift; the best he could do was to push the
uppermost rock from the pile of its
fellows. Above the rocks was a sheer,
steep bank; these apparently had been
tumbled from the formation above.

  “You see?” Mamatsu whispered glee-
fully, holding up a small flat box. “In
this we have—the study of flowers.” He
pried the lid off with a bit of sharp rock.
“I should not like to be around when—
these bloom,” he said softly.

• Westgaard was silent as he looked into
the box. Like giant cigarets, sticks of
dynamite lay side by side. They were
plainly labeled in red, in English, and
bore the address of the American manu-
facturer. The A-I, Westgaard believed,
handled that very brand,
i •-< “None of the sticks are missing. There
is no connection between a blockade to-

day and the man who hid these months
ago.” Mamatsu raised >a thick finger as
he spoke. “I expected to find something
here. Why? A fool like Katsu calling
cammelias rare. You and I know they
grow on every hill. Katsu did not think
of that by himself. Very well—some one
lied. Where there is one lie, look for a
second. I did. And see what we found.
It is really very simple. Now—” smiling
—“it should be safe for you to remove
your hand from your gun, my friend.”

  Westgaard did not move.

  “Who are you?” he asked.

  Mamatsu cocked an eye.

  “I go to take the cure. I am a business
man. You believe that as much as I
believe you go to examine volcanoes.”

  The white man said crossly—

  “Let’s get back to the boat.”

  Mamatsu tucked the box under his
coat.

  “It will be well if I do not slip,” he
said. “This box goes into the river when
Katsu is looking the other way.” Half to
himself, half to Westgaard, “This should
be a lesson to me. There is nothing too
small to investigate.” He clambered
down from the rock and then changed the
last phrase. “To worry about,” he made
it, peered at the white man to see whether
he had caught the subtle difference.

  “If you are in a hurry, why did you stop
here?”

  Mamatsu smiled, made great business
of climbing carefully down the bank, but
did not answer. For the second time
Westgaard let the Japanese precede him.
As the Oriental stepped cautiously into
the boat, he turned and winked at the
white man.

  “One lie leads to others,” he repeated.

  “I haven’t forgotten,” Westgaard re-
turned.

  “No.” Then, in English, smiling
broadly, “No, volcanist!”

  The boat had begun to sway in the
swifter current before Westgaard was
able to figure what the English word
meant.

  It was perfectly obvious that the
Japanese, Mamatsu, did not believe
THE THUNDER GOD

149

Westgaard’s volcano story; well, he,
Westgaard, did not believe the other’s
yarn either. It was, as far as it went,
even. Mamatsu was going to Denshai-
ko, a tiny village celebrated for nothing
and hardly indicated on the maps. For
what? What else save the Korin screen?
Mamatsu not only spoke English; he
knew a word that was unfamiliar to
Westgaard himself. A volcanist, un-
doubtedly, was one versed in volcanoes.
If Mamatsu knew such a word, there rose
the possibility that he had been educated
in the States, or in England, and was now
a curio buyer or expert; he, also, wanted
the screen of the two gods.

  It would be impossible to outbid the
A-I. The Old Man’s orders had been to
go the limit.

  Had Mamatsu been in any way inter-
fered with, attacked? Or did Mamatsu
or the people behind him want the screen
so badly that they were willing to go to
any lengths to get it? Or—or what?
Why did Mamatsu invite him to go with
him down-river? Surely the rival buyer
would want to get there first? Or, did
the Japanese fear that in some way the
train might get through before the frail
boat, or that accident might delay Katsu
and allow Westgaard, if he went by rail,
to get the screen?

THE BOAT began to move still more
rapidly, and Katsu called that they
were to couch down and remain perfectly
still.

  “Have you ever been shot at?” West-
gaard shouted.

  He had been so filled with his own
thoughts that he did not realize that the
waters were beginning to swirl, to roar.

  Westgaard thought that the other
cried, “Sometimes!” but the increasing
noise of the waters might have made the
word really, “Seldom!” or almost any-
thing else.

  “The river is angrier than I guessed,”
Katsu screamed.

  Westgaard sensed an open note of fear
in the boatman’s voice and, twisting his
head around, saw that the Japanese was

fighting to get the boat out of the main
current and pole his way ashore. Even as
he pushed, the current quickened, and the
banks began to slide past at a more furious
pace. There was no longer a chance to
turn back.

  “I complained we went too slowly,”
Mamatsu shouted to Westgaard. “I
have never had such a ride as this!”

  In the bow Choshimu frankly lay on
his face. Snatches of his whimpering
whipped back to the others. “Shot—
poisoned—ridden to hell in a boat—”
Westgaard cried out to him cheerfully;
but the words were wasted as the water
roared more loudly.

  The black river had changed color.
It was now green like lightning; even the
foam was green. The walls of the ravine
closed in, and spray from rock wall and
river rocks flew into the eyes of the men.

  Katsu was poling valiantly, striving to
keep the boat in the dark central current
and away from the spots of lighter green.
A sudden twist in the river allowed a
beam of sunlight to dance down; it
changed the foam, for time uncountable,
to red—red like blood.

  Before Katsu crouched down in the
boat, Westgaard knew that they were
being hurried helplessly along down the
roaring river, a river high with rain,
shooting through its rocky trough at
terrific rate.

  The low, heavily-weighted boat no
longer pointed downstream; the bow was
turned from side to side, and drenching,
deafening spray leaped in. The roar of
the water became ear-splitting.

  A thud—a crash—the craft leaped
ahead again, after a glancing blow.
Mamatsu cried—

  “We hit!”

  Katsu squealed back:

  “Pray! Pray! The boat has torn
away from me.”

  The black banks squeezed more closely
together. They formed a gateway of
granite, through which the boiling waters
had to pass. The boat continued to gain
terrific impetus with every leap, as it raced
headlong for the gap in the natural wall.
150

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  Westgaard’s eyes were wide, bright,
unterrified. Strange exaltation swept
over, through, him. He breathed with
difficulty, since the spray dashed over
him; but his head remained erect. The
boat was still lower in the water. West-
gaard could feel the coldness of it on his
knees and ankles.

  Out from cracks in the rocks ferns
grew—great frondswhich Westgaard could
almost have touched by extending his
hand. Diamonds of spray clung to them,
turning them to the awful green of the
river.

  The white man strained to see Choshi-
mu through the mist. The boy was
huddled in a shapeless lump at the bot-
tom of the boat, and Westgaard wished
that the lad were nearer. He reached
around Mamatsu, to touch the urchin
reassuringly. A scream jerked him
erect.

  “The seat of the river god,” Katsu
yammered. “Throw out the ketojin!
Then the gods will see us safe! Oh, gods
of heaven and earth and fire and water
and air! We will offer you a hairy
foreigner if—”

  Mamatsu, not opening his eyes, cursed
him horribly.

  Squarely across the way of the boat was
a gigantic rock, jutting from the greenish,
roiling water. Spray, wind, wave, had
carved it into semblance of a giant seat.
Against it water met rock with a terrific
crash, was beaten, thrown back "upon
itself and, with a baffled howl, rose high
into the air in yellow spume, to sweep
ahead, on either side, into the lower
river.

  The boat was rushing on, riding low,
pelting ahead in great leaps. Mamatsu’s
eyes were tightly closed, and he clung
desperately to the boat; his mouth never
opened, although his nose wriggled like a
rabbit’s, ceaselessly. As the nose of the
craft lowered, he clutched convulsively
at Westgaard. In the stern, Katsu was
gibbering in prayer. Every god he
could remember was being heavily in-
volved.

  The rushing water, the crashing of the

turbulent water against the mimic seat
of rock, grew closer and turned to
thunder.

  Thunder!

  Westgaard, for the first time, wondered
whether he would ever get to Denshaiko,
ever see the thunder god painted on the
Korin screen. He did not regret the de-
cision to go by boat. Had he remained
in the train, the following one would
probably have meant that whoever had
attempted his life before would do it
again.

  His eyes were open; he saw the boat
swing with new sullenness toward the rock,
rising, as it swung, in the backwash from
the boulder. The river seemed roaring
with goblin voices, hurled forth by the
bone-colored rock dedicated to the river
god, a rock polished by thousands of
years of spray and water-tongues.

  If the crude vessel were swept side-
wise, water would engulf it instantly.

  For a split-second the boat hung, un-
decided, in the backwash, prey of a dozen
currents and forces. It rose more highly,
nose pointed downstream, dipped, let in
water at the bow, plunged suddenly, nau-
seatingly, steeply—down—down—to the
right—away from the great rock.

  Spray stung Westgaard like myriad
wasps. He seemed in a hollow cave of
seething, heated foam.

  For the first time he actually thought of
the closeness of death—not, in that mo-
ment, for himself, but for the terrified boy
he had brought with him. No one could
hope to save himself, either by clutching
at the ferns of the rockwall or by reaching
the boulder. Swimming was impossible,
since the jagged teeth of rocks bit at the
boat as it swept along. None could save
himself, let alone another.

  He had been near death before. A
sneaking shot, curiously, was more terri-
ble than death met with open eyes. He
wondered if death meant death; he had
never thought of it before; he hoped that
if Choshimu must be killed it would be
suddenly, at once, as near painlessly as
possible.

  Sickeningly, the boat swept by the
THE THUNDER GOD

151

rock, so close that a shrill high sound was
given out when it scraped. They careened,
shipped green water, were smothered with
wild foam.

  Mamatsu cried in the white man’s ear—
“If you—get to—Denshaiko—get—
the—”

  And, with his final word, the boat
lurched and smashed down into the wid-
ening lower reach of the river, into water
black, swiftly flowing, but smooth and
placid.

  Choshimu was sitting up, blubbering.
Katsu remained on his knees, finishing
his final prayer, half unaware that he was
not to die yet.

  Westgaard drew a deep breath, and
then said:

  “That was close. What was it I was
to get for you in Denshaiko?”

  The plump Japanese shivered.

  “Hai-ya/” he said jerkily. “What—
what a way to die! I—I shall need no
mineral water—now. Tons of it are al-
ready in my lungs. And—and I believe
I have lost—twenty pounds from—fear.”
“It was not mineral water you wanted
me to get.”

  The danger was over—the immediate
danger. The roar of the water was re-
ceding; Westgaard had never forgotten
his quest.

  Mamatsu shrugged feebly, tried to ap-
pear unconcerned, although he trembled
with revulsion.

  “No,” he said at last.

  Since that was not sufficient, he said in
a more natural tone:

  “Whatever I want I can get myself.”
He coughed, spat and then continued
largely, waving a pudgy hand, “This river
is known as the river of the singing wa-
ters. What a song it sings!”

  Katsu slowly guided the boat to shore,
using a short implement half pole and
half paddle which had been lying along
the bottom of the boat. His original pole
was floating down the river somewhere
after them.

  Choshimu called weakly:

  “I was almost killed in the water. Am
I to be frozen now, danna-san?”

  Westgaard wanted to question Ma-
matsu further, but knew that the Japa-
nese would say nothing more about Den-
shaiko.

VI

THROUGH shadowing forests of som-
ber pine and cedar the river hurried;
above the trees, in the direction whence
they had come, were the blue shapes of
hills overtopped by peaks and cones of
vapory gray.

  A fringe of rye-field stepped down to
the river for a tiny space, and then the
straight pale columns of the cedars bore
their massed black foliage to shadow the
way again.

  As the river swept down seaward, the
cedars, the rye-fields, gave way to succes-
sions of diked terraces, green with rice.
They swung rapidly past a little village,
no more than a huddle of thatched huts
protected by winged torii and gray-tiled
temple. On a rock by the water West-
gaard saw ideographs and symbols carved.

  The air warmed, the distances—where
they could glimpse them through gaps—
were gauzed with dainty mists, filmy, di-
aphanous, like ghosts of clouds riding in
the wind. Katsu became talkative again.

  “No train goes as straight for the sea
as this river,” he said. “A train is made
by men, but rivers are the work of gods.
Is it likely that men could do as well as
those who made them?”

  Mamatsu tried to move his cramped,
prickling legs.

  “How do you get back?”

  “It is very simple. Of course, it will
take some labor; but I am very strong,
and the river god is friendly to me. It
is strange that we come down in hours and
go back in days, however. But—” smirk-
ing—“the fox is in my wife, and I am in
no great hurry to return. Mah! You
should hear her talk to me. Me, a man!
Why, once I told her—”

  They were unable to cut off the flow of
words. Katsu, the entire ten yen as good
as in pocket, the prospect of a day in a
large village before him, was growing
steadily happier and more annoying.
152

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  “I will spend a few sen here and there,”
Katsu announced. “Ho! I know how to
use money to the best advantage, and I
know a place where a man can get electric
brandy very cheaply. After that—”

  “You will think you are a river god and,
turning into water, will lie in the gutter,”
Choshimu shouted.

  “If you were mine—” Katsu began.

  “I would do shinju* the moment I was
born!”

  Westgaard silenced them both. It was
Mamatsu who spoke first.

  “I have always wanted to leam about
volcanoes,” he said thoughtfully. “Tell
me about them, my friend.”

  “Gladly. Only first tell me a bit about
the hot springs there. WThat type of
water is it? Then I can tell you about
the volcanic structure in that neighbor-
hood.”

 “Hmm. Well, the waters contain—
valuable salts. They are—hmm—good
for fat men.” * ' •

  “Do they flow from the ground? Is
there steam? Are mineral deposits on the

sll^fclC©?,,

 “Yes. Naturally. Of course.” He
paused and then said softly, “And vol-
canoes explode and go up into the air.
That should satisfy us both.”

  Westgaard was unable to resist say-
ing—

  “I hope you get what you want in Den-
shaiko.”

  “Not what I want. What—” punching
a finger into his flabby belly—“what I
want to get rid of.” Slowly, “The less I
speak of errands the better, my friend.
Will that satisfy you?”

  Westgaard said—

  “Why not?” and both became silent.

  The farther the boat went the more
certain Westgaard was that there existed
no danger in Mamatsu. Choshimu, cer-
tain sign, liked the fat Japanese. Had
Mamatsu wanted to kill him, and if the
Nipponese were armed, it might have
been done any one of a dozen times.
Whoever wanted to kill him cared noth-
ing for any other thing; death was all

   *	Suicide.

that had been intended. That, Mamatsu
might have done.

  There was no reason to tell Mamatsu
anything; although, from Choshimu’s
earlier howls, the Japanese probably had
done his own guessing. Least of all was
there any reason to tell him of the Korin
screen. Or, could it be the screen which
took the other to Denshaiko?”

  “Seems I’ve seen you in an antique
store in Kyoto,” Westgaard said sharply,
“down on Shinmonzen?”

  Mamatsu grinned broadly.

  “You have missed your target,” he said
gaily. “If I am a curio dealer, my friend,
you are an expert in volcanoes. How-
ever, this time you have told too much.”
The villages were growing larger, the
river broadening, the boat moving more
slowly.

  “We might make better time if we
landed and were pulled to Yasudo,”
Westgaard decided.

  “An excellent idea, O buyer of screens!”
  Westgaard was not surprized.

  He said:

  “If we both want it, there’s no reason
to fight about it, is there? I knew you
wanted something—and what else could
it be save the Korin screen?”

  “I knew you, also, wanted something
besides the smell of volcanoes in your
nostrils, but it took a long time before you
trusted me enough to even indicate what
you were after. Well, you did not trust
me, and I—’’pulling a hand from his
pocket—“trusted you little more. My
fingers ache from holding my gun, I can
tell you. And when I walked first, after
we’d stumbled on the dynamite up-river,
I could feel a shot in my back every other
step.”

 “Why?”

  Mamatsu shrugged his usual gesture.
“Why? Ask me other things, my
friend, but not that—yet. But, you were
shot at, eh? And poisoning was at-
tempted? Ask yoyrself this—is a mere
screen worth death?”

  “Worth a good many thousand yen,
Mamatsu-san.”

  “Have it as you wish; one of us should
THE THUNDER GOD

153

be able to purchase it, but it will run the
bidding up.”

  “Would you shoot me to get the screen,
if I buy it away from you?”

  The Japanese shrugged a third time.
“It is hard to say now,” he admitted.
“If I do, I will give you warning. Will
that satisfy you?”

  “I suppose it must. Let’s—let’s get
ashore. I’m sick of this damn’ boat!”

KATSU was paid and, chest stuck out,
went to have the first taste of purple
brandy; kurumas were found, and the two
men and the boy were pulled rapidly
toward the next village. Promise of extra
payment sent thick legs scampering, and
Choshimu, lighter than the others, was
forced to hold on to the vehicle to avoid
being thrown out.

  “Shot, poisoned, drowned, and now
killed by a wagon with two wheels,” he
wailed.

  “Is there no shutting him up?” Ma-
matsu demanded of Westgaard.

  The white man said:

 “I can try. He’s only a kid.” He
called, “Another word from you about
shooting, and I’ll beat you.”

  Choshimu shouted defiance, but Ma-
matsu noticed that no matter what the
other yelled, he made no other reference
to unpleasant death.

  Three times they paid off their pullers
and took new kurumas; Westgaard’s head
began to ache from the side-sway of the
vehicles. He stepped from his at Yasudo,
after the last change, and waited for Ma-
matsu to be pulled up.

  “It is something to pull me,” the Japan-
ese said, laughing. “My puller earns his
money. Now, you are very long, but you
are thin; me, I have some meat on me.
Ail Nemui kotol How sleepy I am. But
it is not evening, and we want to get
farther. It will mean another ride, if you
can stand it. Denshaiko before night—
and back by train at once. Are we
agreed?”

  Westgaard ran a hand through Cho-
shimu’s hair. The boy’s eyes were bright,
but exhaustion was in them.

  “We need warm food,” Westgaard de-
cided. “And I want some cigarets. Let’s
eat first, and then go. There’s no chance
of the train getting in tonight. We’ve
time.”

  “Only, keep away from the railway
station, my friend. You are very long,
and your eyes are very blue, and you have
a monkey named Choshimu with you.
You are easy to mark. Eat and smoke,
only not at the station.”

  As they began to walk Westgaard
asked:

  “What’s it all about? If you are after
the screen you ought to know why any
one’d want to kill me. And how about
you? Any one take a shot at you?”

  “If I had sense I would say, ‘West- •
gaard-san, my friend, I believe I like you,
but not sufficiently to be killed on your
account.’ I have not been shot at, but if
I stay with you I may be.”

  Westgaard shortened his strides.

 “Why?”

  The usual shrug.

  “You would be little happier for know-
ing. And I am not free to tell you. Why
you want the screen I do not understand.”
“It’s very old—valuable.”

  “MahJ Valuable is hardly the word!

It is vastly more than that.”

 Again—

 “Why?”

  “Here is an eating-place,” and no more
answer.

  Pans of fried fish were brought the
three. Rice and tea. When the meal was
eaten, the frowsy waitress brought a small
pot of red jam and a round bowl. Into
the bowl she placed a spoonful of jam and
then filled it with tea; this she offered to
Westgaard.

  “What have we now?” Mamatsu asked.
“Do not I receive this new drink?”

  “It is only used by seiyojin,” the girl
told her countryman. “They prefer it to
tea in any other way.”

  “And what do you know of seiyojin?”
  The girl giggled.

  “Other than that, I mean!” Mamatsu
spoke very calmly.

  She bowed bobbingly and said;
154

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  “One of them comes here; he has eyes
almost as your honorable friend’s—oh,
very blue. When he laughs they become
almost black. He taught me how to place
sugared fruit in the bottom of the tea-
cup.”

  “He speaks Japanese?”

  “A little. A very little. He is always
laughing at his mistakes.”

  “He comes alone to eat?”

 Bowing—

  “Always alone.”

  “And he lives—where?”

  “I do not know.” Her eyes clouded.
“No, once he came with a Japanese. I
did not like that man. His eyes could
look from one to the other!”

  “You see! I was right, danna-san!
And I will know that man when I see him
again.”

  “And when you do, Choshimu, I will
give you a gold yen,” Mamatsu said
swiftly. He half turned. “I thought I
heard some one—” he began doubtfully.

  “The door moves with the wind,” the
girl assured him.

  “I have eaten burdock and radish and
black beans and fish omelet and lotus
root,” Mamatsu said to Westgaard,
“mochi and Jcoyadofu and konuyaku and
seaweed and raw young sardines, but I
have never heard of tea being spoiled by
jam. Have you?”

  “Some Europeans probably like it.
Neither the English nor the Americans
drink tea like that. Perhaps it’s—”

  “Of no importance. Let us start,
Westgaard-san, if Choshimu’s belly is
properly filled.”

  “If mine were as large as yours,” the
boy cried, “it would take a whole food-
store to fill me and it.”

  “That I do not doubt, young pig! How
you hold so much is beyond me. Are you
ready, my friend?” He asked the wait-
ress, the only one the tiny eating-shop
afforded, where kurumas might be found,
and headed the way into the street. West-
gaard saw how carefully Mamatsu stepped
out, observed that the Japanese’ hand
was in his coat pocket.

  “It will be nearly dark before we reach

Denshaiko,” Mamatsu said, lighting one
of Westgaard’s newly purchased, rank
cigarets. “You should be the first white
man they have ever seen; it will be an
experience for those villagers.”

  Westgaard believed that Mamatsu ex-
pected him to doubt the last statement,
but said nothing. What had started as a
search for a screen—valuable, but not un-
usual—had by now throbbed itself into
what seemed a question of his life, into
which impossible events had crowded.

  The first faint purples of sunset were
already turning the westward sky to the
hue of grape-dust.

THE DIRT street was empty; at an
intersection of narrow ways, a beggar,
dirty as the dust, crawled up to Ma-
matsu.

  “Brass coin—only a brass coin,” he
whined. “One copper! A rin! I starve,

O	rich and honorable gentleman! My
feet can not walk, nor my hands convey
food to my mouth. Give me a copper in
the name of Kishibojin, great and power-
ful mother of beggars, or I starve!”
Westgaard averted his eyes from the
cripple, from the wild eyes and matted
hair; at that instant Choshimu cried out,
Mamatsu’s gun barked.

  The beggar had leaped erect and flashed
a knife at the white man. Mamatsu’s
bullet had struck him as he was on his
feet; the beggar swayed, the knife dropped
to the dust, and he over it.

  “Both you and I now have holes in our
coats,” Mamatsu said evenly. “I watched
him; he begged from me but watched you,
my friend. And so, when Choshimu’s
sharp eyes saw him start to his feet, I was
ready. Pull off his rags, and let us see
what is beneath them.”

  “I—I never saw a man die so fast,”
Westgaard whispered to the Japanese.

  “A perfect shot,” the other announced.
“Rags, rags—and nothing else.” He
lifted a dead, clenched hand and let it
fall with a little thud to the earth.

  “He is dead,fand you are alive,” he
said sorrowfully, although his eyes twin-
kled. “That is something; but I wish I
THE THUNDER GOD

155

had merely wounded him so he could have
talked. I told you it would be dangerous
for me to travel with you.”

  Westgaard rose to his knees, unable to
take his eyes from the now nude body,
from which a red trickle ran into the dust.

  “He must have been crazy,” was all he
could think to say. He did not believe
the beggar crazy: he was starting to fear
what appeared a widespread plan to keep
him from the Korin screen.

  Villagers came swarming into the street.
“It is Harakoto,” one said, in answer
to Mamatsu’s question. “He—” point-
ing to Westgaard—“stole his wife. We
knew a seiyojin visited the woman, but
he came at night, when Harakoto was at
the station making money, and we never
saw him.”

  “And who is this Harakoto—or who
was he, before he started the journey to
hell?”

  “A beggar. His father taught him the
trick of appearing crippled, and he made
much money, many yen, and—”

  “WTiere is this beggar’s house?”

  “On this street; but his wife has left
him. Ask the seiyojin where she is. Not
even Harakoto knows.”

  Westgaard whispered:

  “You see. He was crazy!”

  “Yes? Well, let us get away before
these fools babble the story clear to the
temple gates.”

  They were riding out of Yasudo before
Mamatsu said:

  “If I had wounded him, we might
have had his story from himself. I have
spoiled a good coat for no purpose.”
“You are both fools,” Choshimu shout-
ed. The boy rode at Westgaard’s feet
now, since they had been able to get only
two vehicles. “This dead man—had he
never seen the man who took his wife?
Assuredly he had. He knew what the
other white man looked like, and if he
had been the same in appearance as my
danna-san, the waitress would have said
something about it. No, that killer knew
what he was doing.”

  Both men stared ahead. The same
thought had been in both their minds.

  “And if you had not shot him, I should
have killed him,” the boy added.

  “By drowning him with spittle?”

  “No, fat one; with this!”

  Choshimu proudly produced a knife.
“Where’d you get, baby?” Westgaard
asked.

  “At the train, when—”

  Westgaard’s hand covered the boy’s
mouth; kurumayas were human horses
and also had ears.

  “It is a good story,” Mamatsu jibed.
“Only I saw you pick that knife up when
the beggar dropped it.”

  “You lie! That was another knife!”
Reaching into his kimono with his empty
hand, Choshimu drew' forth a second
blade.

  Mamatsu sighed hugely.

  “We are at last safe,” he proclaimed.
  Even the angered boy laughed.

  The pullers settled down to their work,
as they dragged the vehicles upward.
Peasants gazed wonderingly at the for-
eigners; boys, clothed only with a soft nar-
row strip about their loins, ran out for a
nearer look at the white man; workers,
with hats pointed like the straw roofs of
wayside shrines, lifted their heads and
stared dumbly.

  The path became narrower; at last the
kurumas could be dragged no farther.
Mamatsu climbed down stiffly.

  “It is obvious that, from this point on,
we walk,” he said.

  In the terraced fields were thrust thin
bamboo shafts—arrows of prayer; around
them were fences of bamboo rods, from
which hung fringes of straw and paper, as
protection from heat and insects and as
invocation to the god of growing things.

  The fields ended abruptly, and the un-
used path began to climb through thick-
ening timber. Somewhere a waterfall
plunged. Mamatsu said in a tired voice:
“If it is much farther, I will sleep on
the path.”

Black night slipped down: again and
again the men stumbled against the boles
of trees. The forest was still, save when
a night-bird hooted—ho-to-to-gi-sooooo!
“The people believe he is calling to
156

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

devils,” Mamatsu said, and Choshimu
shivered.

  “Can you kill a devil with a knife?” he
asked.

  “There is no demon who could with-
stand two of them!”

  With startling abruptness the trees
ended. Before them, below the path, was
a wide silver sheet, its surface reflect-
ing like steel the bulk of the near moun-
tains. Stars flecked the unrippled surface
with ghostly, gauzy bronze; night trans-
formed the rugged cliffs to blue and gray,
amethystine—exquisite, spectral.

  To their left, a torii straddled the path;
beyond it were the flickering yellow lights
of a little village.

  “Denshaiko,” Mamatsu said softly.

  Westgaard was about to say that it was
very beautiful when, close, a startled bird
jeered again—ho-to-to-gisooo! The cliffs
threw back the cry. O-o-ooo!

  “Devils,” Choshimu whispered, con-
vinced, and slipped his hand into his
master’s.

VII

THE ANCIENT priest who met them
had an air of patient expectancy. His
robes were old and rusty; his face was like
wrinkled parchment; once the robes had
been purple and violet silks, shot with
dragon-designs in gold; once, Westgaard
supposed, the old man’s face had been
fresh, youthful. The white man believed
that Sosamo, priest of the temple, was the
oldest man he had ever seen.

  When Mamatsu greeted him, the priest
bowed and hurried to pour water over the
three pairs of hands—three times—from
a ladle-shaped vessel of bamboo; he gave
each a threadbare blue towel, with mys-
terious white characters upon it.

  “Now you are all pure,” he said, bowing
again. “What brings you to Denshaiko?”

  “Your sacred springs,” Mamatsu said
instantly. “I—well, I am very fat, and
at times I ache. A friend told me of the
heated waters here, and so I have come
for relief. My friend here, from across
the seas, is here to—”

  “Buy your Korin screen,” Westgaard
said.

  “Haiya/” cried Mamatsu. “That is no
way to conduct business. We have tea.
We talk. We are shown the screen. And
then only is it time to descend to neces-
sary business.”

  “So you desire the screen also?” Sosa-
mo asked. “Your white brother asked
me first. We will see what he has to offer.
Then, perhaps, it will be your turn.” He
smiled at both. “We have no servants
here. I must prepare the tea myself.
Then we will talk of this and that. Push
back that shoji. The screen is in the altar-
room. I hate to sell it; but the temple
must have money and servants and
priests. And—” his ancient face became
grim—“there is need of the gods here.”
When the old man padded from the
room, Mamatsu scratched his chin.

  “I am to be forced to shoot you, after
all,” he said. No further admission that
he wanted the screen was needed.
Westgaard said—

  “What did he mean by ‘There is need
of the gods here’?”

  “We may find that out, my friend. Now
let us see this screen.”

  The next room was matless, covered
with dust; everything within was molder-
ing and worn. The shrine had no image.
There hung some poor paper lanterns,
whose once bright colors had vanished un-
der layers of dust. Before the empty
altar rested the frame of a metal mirror,
the mirror itself gone. So small that
Westgaard at first did not see it, there
was, beside the mirror-frame, a tiny figure
of some god—the Earth god, Mamatsu
said—Kenro-jijin; gray, vaguely carved,
holding in one hand a spear, in the other
a minute cup.

  Clear against the far wall of the cham-
ber stood the screen. On the right leaped
the wind god, his draperies flying, his feet
buried in cloud; facing him was the god
of the thunder, his hair flaming gold.
Mamatsu said gravely—

  “It is very old and very sacred.”

  The white man stepped close to it and,
bending, examined the signature in the
THE THUNDER GOD

157

comer, beneath the thunder god. It was
identical with that on his sketch. Laugh-
ter shook Mamatsu.

  “If it is an imitation,” he chuckled, “it
was done in the days when none thought
of such things. Can not you see how old
the screen is, Westgaard-san? Older than
you or I or both of us. Made when gods
were gods and not names; and know this
—we are not willing to allow our gods to
leave the country—even their pictures.”

  “I do as I am told,” Westgaard said
shortly. “I don’t want the screen.”

  “Ho! And I said what I knew—not
what I thought, my friend.”

  “A fat man should think of his belly—
and I am hungry again,” Choshimu put
in.

  The priest stood at the opened panel.
“If you are ready, danna-san—”
Sosamo knelt before a brazier he him-
self had kindled in the first room; he
ground tea-leaves to powder in a metal
bowl and then slowly dipped water over
them, pouring the result into cracked, han-
dleless cups. The thick green mixture
was handed to each of the two men;
Choshimu was allowed merely to watch.

  “When I was younger, the tea cere-
mony was a ceremony,” Sosamo mourned,
“but I am old and forgetful, and this is
the best I can do. Even the tea is of
miserable quality. I have become accus-
tomed to hot water. It is really as nour-
ishing as tea, and I suppose I like it.”
“This is delicious,” Mamatsu pro-
tested.

  The ancient cocked an eye at him, and
Choshimu laughed wickedly; the priest’s
keen old eyes shifted to the boy.

  “You,” he said, “know too much about
lies not to lie yourself, youngster,” he
said.

  “It is his great fault,” Westgaard
agreed smilingly.

  “He should become a rich man, then,”
Sosamo grunted. “Is that what you
want, child?”

  The darkened chamber, lighted by but
one rapeseed-oil lamp, the presence of
many objects of veneration, the ancient
priest, all were working on the boy.

  Instead of flippancy, he said in a reedy
voice—

  “I want to be like my danna-san/”

  For a moment the old eyes peered into
Westgaard’s blue ones.

  “You could do worse,” the priest said
slowly. “Now, the screen.”

  Westgaard decided swiftly that Sosamo
would never bargain. The priest had
offered no word of praise for the Korin,
had made no mention of its art, its age.
Good! He would name his top figure—
every yen he had with him. If Mamatsu
could or should go higher, it was not his
fault. Sosamo would never listen to hag-
gling, either with himself or between the
two rivals.

  “A hundred thousand yen,” he said
slowly.

  Mamatsu’s breath hissed through his
teeth; he said no word. A second time
the priest examined the grave white man.

  “The screen is yours, my son,” he said.

  His eyes closed; what he said issued
from his thin Ups like a cold stream.

  “I have slept beside the gods of the
screen when I was sick. I have sat beside
them when I hungered and had no food.
I have prayed to them when my soul
ached—-and I have sold them.” His eyes
opened. “Better to help my people than
to love an ancient screen. My people
have forgotten it; but when it thunders
and the ground shakes, they will remem-
ber the gods! It has been very peaceful
here. Even the mountain above no
longer puffs smoke, but is satisfied to have
clouds circle its cone. Perhaps the god
is no longer needed.”

  In the silence Westgaard heard the
trickle of water and smelled sulphurous
steam.

  “Come and see our little village,” So-
samo suggested.

  Westgaard looked at the screen.

  “It has been here many years,” the
priest smiled. “It has not been stolen
yet, my son. Why should it be stolen
now? Even artists have come to admire
and copy it, but none would think of steal-
ing it, even with only a worn-out priest
to protect it.”
138

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  About the rough roofs of the village-
huts wreathed steam and sulphurous va-
por; from a bank at the edge of the col-
lection of shacks was piped the hot water
itself, to fall in hot, steaming little cas-
cades to a shallow pool which drained into
the cold waters of the lake. Above the
bamboo pipes were stark, scarred cliffs,
stained yellow, red and white; into them
the steam of a hissing, bubbling, hidden
cauldron sent surging clouds of gray-
white. On either side was the dense green
of trees.

  “If you go a little higher you may see
the water itself come from the bowels of
the earth,” Sosamo told them.

The lake, Westgaard supposed, was the
crater of some extinct volcano. Venture-
some Choshimu stuck a finger under a jet
of water and, how ling, drew back his hand.
“It burns!”

  Mamatsu asked:

  “Did you think it steamed because it
was cold? A bath in it might be good for
you—wash away a few bad habits, such
as calling me ‘fat one’.”

  “You will have your flesh burned away
and be as thin as a ghost!”

  The pudgy Japanese examined Cho-
shimu’s red fingertip and then looked at
the jets of torrid water. He grinned at
Westgaard—

  “I am not so very fat,” he said.
Westgaard wished that he were on the
return journey. The screen represented a
hundred thousand yen of A-I money.
Why w'as Mamatsu so jovial and con-
tented? A sudden doubt assailed him.

  “The screen has been copied, you said,
father?” .

  “Many times; Korin was a great artist
and much admired. The screen is well
known and the object of veneration.”
Could a copy have been made and put
in place of the original? Why not? He,
Westgaard, was no expert on art or
screens. Easy to fool him. Did the old
priest himself have a copy made and did
Mamatsu know it?”

  In the little interval Sosamo’s body was
drawn up to every possible inch. He
merely said—

  “I am a priest of the gods.” But that
was sufficient.

  Westgaard, stubborn because he was
nervous, asked—

  “It might have been changed in your
absence or while you slept?”

  “And would I not know it the next
time I looked, O man? That screen has
been wife and son to me; I have watched
it grow old and, in the last year, it has
aged even as I have. Let me show you
a copy, my son, a good copy. Then you
yourself can see the difference.”

  He led the way to a hut in the village.
“An artist comes here for the cure,” he
went on. “To amuse himself, he has
made another screen; he wrorks on it
ceaselessly, but can not make it the same
as that which was mine.”

  There was, so far as Westgaard could
see, no difference save in age: this second
screen was as like the other as are two
grains of rice, but it was brighter in color
and less smoky-hued. The gold glittered,
the red flamed; there was no gentling
process of years.

  “Would you sell it also?” the white man
asked. “I would like it as a thing of
memory.”

   “If it wrere mine I would give it to you,”
Sosamo answered. “But it is not mine
and I can not. Besides, the owner is very
proud of it. Come, we have had enough
of screens! If it were earlier, I would have
food bought for you, but as it is I can offer
only sleep and a feast in the morning. It
seems strange to have money again.”
When they had returned to the bare
temple Westgaard said carefully:

  “I have orders to return with the screen
at once. I must go this night. I would
like to stay, but I can not.”

  Reaching into his trousers pocket, he
handed, without a count, a roll of bills to
the priest.

  “I knew you offered all you had,” So-
samo said quietly. “That is probably the
reason I said ‘yes’.”

  Mamatsu blinked. He told West-
gaard—

  “I thought the money was in a belt
around your waist.”
THE THUNDER GOD

159

  The white man unbuttoned coat, vest,
and shirt; pulled loose the improvised
bandage made of towelling, wincing as the
dried blood tore away from the wounds.

  “The beggar was not the only one.” he
said. “You return with me, Mamatsu-
san?”

  For a second time the abrupt frontal
attack disconcerted Mamatsu; the pur-
chase of the screen, so simply, so easily
had upset him originally. Westgaard had
sensed this and knew that Mamatsu was
fishing about in his mind for the proper
move to make. That the Japanese had
come from Tokyo or Yokohama for the
screen was certain. What would he do
about it now?

  Mamatsu blinked again, shrugged, spat
out of the door, scratched his chin. At
last he stooped to the priest’s ear and
whispered rapidly; the priest nodded an-
swer.

  “You need a protector, but I am too
tired and too fat to go with you. Sosamo
has just told me that I am welcome to
stay, even if you depart.” Did the
priest’s eyes move? Westgaard believed
that they did. “And so I remain in com-
fort, O restless one. Go ahead—and good
luck. But, offer no money to beggars.
And when you are again in Yasudo, that
is, if I—no, when you are in Yasudo,
board the train and stay in it. You hear
me?”

  Westgaard knew beyond doubt that the
Japanese was upset, undecided.

  “And when you are again wherever you
are going with the screen tell your em-
ployer—whoever bought the screen—that
he should inform—hmm! Well, it de-
pends upon who your employer is—kail—
Tell him—nothing! I am upset; I am
indeed.”

  Not until the Japanese had finished his
disjointed sentences did Westgaard realize
that he had been speaking in English.

  Westgaard was not elate. He had a
hundred questions to ask Mamatsu. Who
was he? Why did he want the screen?
Who was the beggar? What was the
shooting and knifing about? Why hadn’t
Mamatsu made a greater effort to pur-

chase the screen or to offer an objection
to his taking it now? Why? Why?
What? What?

  The priest— What was meant by his
saying that there was need of the gods in
Denshaiko? Mamatsu— What had he
whispered to the priest? Wasn’t it the
priest’s answer that made him acquies-
cent? What had that answer been? And
what the question?

  It was too much for Westgaard.

  He had, indeed, accomplished his pur-
pose; had brought the business to the
place where the screen was his—the A-I’s.
Nothing remained save to get it safely
home. His plan was ready, he would re-
turn, in the dark, to the outskirts of Ya-
sudo, leave Choshimu and the bags hidden
by the roadside, then hire a kuruma and
be pulled to the next railway station. It
meant a long return walk, but all down-
hill; Choshimu was young, and a long
sleep would set the youngster right again.
He himself was not tired, just as he was
not elated. He had done his job. The
thing to do was to see it entirely over.

HE BOWED, picked the screen up and
tucked it under one arm; he took
the bag in the other hand. He saw that
as soon as they were out of earshot Cho-
shimu intended to say that he was hun-
gry, tired, and would not go another step.
He said pleasantly to Mamatsu—

  “I hope you enjoy the waters here.”
There was no sting .in his words; he
wanted to tell Mamatsu that he realized
he had been lucky, and that he was still
watchful.

  Mamatsu took it the same way.

  “I hope, on my part, that a volcano
grows across your path and you are forced
to climb over it.” Vastly more than
Westgaard, the corpulent Nipponese
seemed satisfied with himself. Whatever
had caused this could be only one thing—
the whispered words between Mamatsu
and Sosamo. Westgaard’s distrust re-
turned anew. Mamatsu was pleasant, a
good companion; more, he had saved
Westgaard’s life but, just the same, he
might be ready to take it now.
160

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  Westgaard bowed slightly a second
time and then stepped from the temple,
Choshimu directly behind him.

  The screen was bulky, of an awkward
size to carry. Care was necessary, or
some low branch or shrub might tear
through the delicate material and ruin the
screen entirely. He started cautiously
along the lake-path. Choshimu whined
continually.

  “Shot, poisoned, stabbed, drowned, and
now killed from lack of food and sleep and
by too much walking. Am I a cloud that
it takes no effort to move along? Am I
a snake that I have no legs to ache? Is
my belly no larger than a flea’s? What
do you think I am?” In the same whis-
pering voice, “I tried to hear what the fat
one said to the priest, but caught only one
word—‘path’.”

  Westgaard nodded. After a few more
paces he set down screen and bag.

  “I have my hands filled, baby,” he
said. “Here is the gun. Keep it in your
hand. There are only two shots in it; if
you hear anything, wait until you are cer-
tain, telling me, that I may take the gun
from you and use it. But if you hear
nothing—and a knife in the hand of a
waiting man makes no sound—shoot at
any one you see and, unless there are
more than one, keep going down the
path. And go back to Osaka with the
screen—or—”

  It was a feeble plan at best; Choshimu
made it impossible by saying:

  “I stay where you stay. I am not
afraid to shoot a gun, but I would not hit
anything. A knife is a man’s weapon,
anyhow. I think the old one in the tem-
ple frightened you as much as you could
be frightened by any one. Are—are we
old women?”

  Westgaard said, as to an equal:

  “I only want to get the screen to my
people, infant. It isn’t that I’m—”

  “Am I a fool?” Choshimu began his
litany. “Shot—poisoned—drowned—and
now considered a fool, since my master
believes I think he is afraid. What next?”
It had been dark when they left the
temple, but a great pale moon now flooded

the placid lake, turning the reflection of
the volcanic peaks to ebony.

  Westgaard followed the path carefully;
at the entrance to the bordering forest he
knew that even greater caution from at-
tack, from damage to the screen must be
exercised. In the woods the weird cry of
the night bird called; the echo sprang back
and forth across the level lake.

  The white man lowered his head and
set his feet on the invisible path; then, all
at once, a great pain hammered through
him. The lake’s light flamed to molten
brass, to the red of blood; the crags and
cones danced diabolically, hand in hand.
He heard, as from a great distance, Cho-
shimu’s voice in fear; the peaks whirled
and plunged into the inferno-hued waters
and turned them—all at once—into inky
blackness.

  Before the second and unnecessary
blow was smashed down upon his head,
Westgaard was unconscious.

VIII

SLOW, pulse-like movement, gentle,
yet, sending resultant throbs through
his head. His eyes opened. Above him
stars thrust down distressing, painful
points of light, stars which wriggled,
twitched, were never still. He was, he
knew, flat on his back, bound very tightly
and carried along effortlessly, noiselessly,
undoubtedly carried in a boat, and over
the lake. A second body was beside his
own, but he did not try to touch it, for
fear that he would find it cold.

   The effort of a turned head brought ex-
quisite agony. Over the lo\y side of the
boat he was able to see the lights of a vil-
lage—Denshaiko—and, over it, the tower-
ing peaks and cones of the mountain. He
tried to lick his lips and knew, then, that
he was gagged.

   Clear to the far side of the lake the boat
was propelled and, then, swung round. It
began to follow the shore. Naked rock
loomed high. The boat slipped along the
cliffs until, at an angle in the rock, a
blacker mouth opened, and the rowers
guided the boat into a broad cavern.
THE THUNDER GOD

161

  No word was spoken. The place was
black. A shower of hot water dripped
from above, touching the white man’s up-
turned face, like feverish fingers oozing
blood.

  The boat was no longer paddled or
rowed, but advanced by being pulled by a
man, or men, hauling on a rope fastened
to the rocky side of the cavern. The boat
scraped against the rocks with little grat-
ing noises.

  For several minutes it proceeded in this
manner; then the man in the bow took a
stone from the bottom of the boat and
rapped heavily—fhud-thud-thud-thud—as
if in signal; the hollow echoing was reit-
erated with thundering repercussions
throughout the cave. Roaring, tumbling
sound crashed from rock to rock.

  Silence, blackness, again, for a full min-
ute.

  Then a great burst of light, coming
from the mouth of a tremendous and
lofty archway of rock, opening into the
narrower channel at right angles. The
vault was fully fifty feet above the water,
and the wails as far apart. Far up on the
left, near the roof, was a projecting white
rock on which fiamed a battery of huge
candles, unwinking in the still air of the
cave. Above the rock, white water
dripped, water so hot that it steamed as
it fell.

  The seeping trickle made the cavern
seem full of voices, as if a host of goblins
were holding converse. Against a shelv-
ing rock the boat was pushed and tied.
The man in the stern of the boat
stepped forward, bent over Westgaard and
said—

  “He is aware of the world again.”

  The cave howled back—

  “World again!”

  Westgaard’s legs were unbound; he was
cut loose from the boat and shoved to his
feet; as he stepped unsteadily from the
craft, he saw that Choshimu was on the
boat’s bottom.

  He reached down swiftly; he knew that
Choshimu was unconscious, or at least
simulating oblivion, but not dead.

  “Come,” snarled the man who had been

in the bow of the boat. He indicated a
path, cut in the rock.

  Westgaard said—

 “This boy—”

 “Kono baka yaro me nani nukashi
agaru? What is the damn fool gabbling
about?” asked the second man.

  His mate said:

  “If he wants to carry the boy, let
him. He is a large ketojin, anyhow,
and we might have to come back for the
brat.”

  First one Japanese, then Westgaard
carrying limp Choshimu, and then the
other Oriental—in that order they started
up the rock path. The light was no longer
dazzling, now that Westgaard’s eyes were
accustomed to it after the darkness. The
way was steep, difficult. Below was the
black depths of the grotto; at times the
path, barely wide enough for feet, jutted
over it like a shelf.

  Westgaard’s head ached increasingly
from exertion. For moments he thought
that a new trickle of heated water was
flowing down his cheek; then he realized
that the flow was steady, and down one
cheek only. Movement had started the
blow on his head to bleeding again.

  The body of Choshimu grew a heavier
burden. The boy hardly breathed. The
white man thought—

  “They might have hit him with less
force.”

 They— Who? The boatmen, natur-
ally. But was that all? Never. What—
who—was back of the boatmen? He was
being taken somewhere. Why? For
what purpose?

  What, save coming and getting the
Korin screen, had he ever done? And
where was the screen? Had Mamatsu en-
gineered the waylaying?

  This last he doubted. Mamatsu might
have slugged and robbed him of the
screen, but would never have done more
than leave him on the path to recover
and—the white man believed—would
probably have seen to it that some one
from Denshaiko discovered him and car-
ried him back to the village.

 If not Mamatsu—who? He would, he
162

SIDNEY HERSCHEL‘SMALL

supposed, find out soon enough, possibly
too soon.

  Beside the candles the boatmen paused,
knelt, prayed to nothing more than water
or rock or candles and, picking one of the
tapers from its melted grease, blew out the
others.

  Ahead, now, Westgaard saw a hole cut
in solid rock. Into it the first of the
Japanese scrambled. There was barely
room for Westgaard and the burden in his
arms to follow.

  Each step was bringing the white man
to more perfect realization of the scene
which might follow; on this last he did
not care to think. He believed that he
might with success hammer down the
Japanese before him; but the man behind
would make short work of any attack.

  Westgaard shifted Choshimu’s body
slowly. The gun was gone.

  Choshimu seemed to stir, to breathe
irregularly, and Westgaard whispered—

  “Baby, where are you hurt?”

  Silence. Then:

  “My head buzzes. There are bees in
it.”

   “Lie still.”

  Going up a steep incline, the candle be-
gan to flare as air from a larger chamber
in the rock blew against it.

  Choshimu said—

  “Gair hair out here!”

  Well enough to get out, but how?

  Since the captors could not understand
Choshimu’s demand, in English, that
Westgaard and himself leave, even if pro-
fanely, the white man answered in Japan-
ese:

  “It is impossible. One ahead; one be-
hind.”

  “Set me—down. I can walk if you—
hold to my hand, danna-san.”

  At the exact moment that Westgaard’s
eyes caught light ahead, Choshimu whis-
pered, on tiptoe to gain the white man’s
ear—

  “They took one knife, but I have the
other.”

  Then a sharp angle brought them into
another rock-chamber, almost as large as
that of the pool.

  If Choshimu had only given him the
knife before! If he had only thought to
try and find one— If, if, if!

  Light blinded him now. Behind him,
behind the Japanese following him, a rock
door was slid into place, fitting into the
stone corridor perfectly.

WESTGAARD, the pupils of his eyes
contracted, stared ahead of him.
What seemed a flaming candle turned al-
most at once into the gold of the screen—
the hair of the thunder god.

  It was the screen; it must have been
carried there before him.

  There were strange paintings on the
wall—weird foxes gilded, gods of many
heads and many hands. A chisel had cut
crude freizes of animals and men in the
rock; silk of many colors covered portions
of the bare stone. But, dominating the
strange rock-room, was the screen of the
two gods.

  Westgaard thought:

  “They’ve got the screen. Why do they
want me?”-

  The room sent a chill through him. The
unreality of it. Tokyo only a day away!
Automobiles, messenger-boys, telephones
—he had thought of that before leaving
Osaka. Was this thought, in some curi-
ous way, premonition?

  Both Japanese had disappeared behind
the screen.

  Choshimu’s fingers tightened about
his.

  “I think we are going to be killed, dan-
na-san,” he whispered.

  Westgaard supposed that, in some re-
mote comer of his brain, he must have
been thinking the same thing. He ad-
mitted nothing of this fear to the boy.

  “We have been in tighter places than
this,” he whispered back. I
A voice said mockingly, in English—
“I doubt it.”

  Westgaard’s heart bounded.

  He kept his head steady; he did not
glance around the room. He said evenly,
while his heart did double-knock against
the wall of his chest:

  “Don’t doubt what you do not know.
THE THUNDER GOD

168

Come out where 1 can see you. What’s
the meaning of this foolishness?”

  “The sight of me would destroy your
eyesight,” the mocking voice continued,
“or I would satisfy your curiosity.”
“You’re behind the screen. If I knock
it over—”

  “Several nervous fingers will be glad to
shoot you before your hand comes up.
No, we talk as we are.”

  Westgaard suddenly wanted time.
“May I sit down. Your accomplices
weren’t any too gentle with us.”

  “Gladly. The floor is just below your
feet. It is rocky, but you might as well
get used to rock.”

  Fear welled in the white man. Even
Choshimu, not understanding the words
of the hidden speaker, trembled. West-
gaard said quietly:

  “Why should you want to keep me
here?” He did not squat on the floor;
the idea of being off his feet was distaste-
ful. “I’m not good at guessing riddles.”
“If I let you go, you will forget about
the Korin?”

  Westgaard almost said, “Yes!” but, in
the same even tone, said, “No.”

  The answer was mocking:

  “You are a good boy; you will go to
heaven when you die. It made no differ-
ence what you answered.”

  “No, I suppose not. But what happens
when my people miss me when I do not
return?”

  Laughter.

  “Do you think they will ever find you
here?”

                                     *3

  Westgaard shot into the dark:
“Perhaps not. But will you care to
have people searching around? It seems
to me you must like privacy.”

  “I had thought of that,” the other in-
formed him immediately. “It was the
lesser of two evils. If you had any sense,
you would have seen that you were not
wanted here, and stayed away. But since
you could not be persuaded—”

  “By shots or poison?”

  “Not be persuaded—and so here you
remain. You wanted to get to Den-
shaiko: you shall stay here.”

  Gradually Westgaard was becoming
more positive that here was no Japanese
speaking English; it was, beyond reason-
able doubt, a white man. No blurred “1,”
no hissing “s.” Nothing was to be lost
by frankness.

  “My office sent me after the Korin.
Perhaps there’s some sense to you—a
thing you say I haven’t got; if so, I don’t
see it.”

  The other laughed.

  “You are one of these—what is the
word?—go-getters! I dislike to hurt your
sense of pride, but you never had the
Korin, my dear man.”

  He spoke English; but he was neither
English nor American.

  “I had it in my arms.”

  “Bah! You are completely a fool. The
Korin has been here for months. And
consequently you show yourself a liar;
any one who pays a good many yen—”
he didn’t know the amount—“for a screen
ought to be an expert. And you are not.
Examine this screen—oh, from a distance;
don’t come more closely. Examine it. Is
it stained with smoke? Does it look an-
cient? No! It needed no treatment. The
other was so carefully copied that it
fooled that old priest, who, however, is
probably half-blind. You never had the
Korin, my dear fellow; although, if I had
known how matters turned out, I might
have let you have it. Yes, I might have
left it in the temple, and then when it was
sold—as the priest has talked of selling
for some months—it would not have
m-m-m-m—”

  The sound hummed out.

  “Not have mattered if it were discov-
ered that the other is a copy,” Westgaard
concluded for him. “If it is such an ex-
cellent copy, the one I bought, it might
not have been discovered.”

  The other did not reply. Greater and
greater became Westgaard’s desire to see
the hidden man.

  “We’ve talked plenty,” Westgaard said
sharply. “You know who I am—an em-
ployee of an American company. Thi
youngster’s my boy. I was sent here fc.
the screen.”
164

.SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  “Sent by who?”

 “My company. I—”

  “You lie'!' Oh, they sent you, but who
told them to get it?”

  “Don’t know.”

  In a higher voice:

  “You lie again! If you want your free-
dom, tell the truth. Who sent you? I
can find out, if I wish.”

  “Find out. I don’t know.”

  “You are mistaken. I can find out
from you”

  The meaning of it sunk in.

  “It will be a worthless task. Any-
thing you force from me will be a lie,
since I do not know.”

  “We will teach you how to talk!”
  Westgaard said softly—

  “No, you will merely teach me how to
lie, and you are probably a master-hand
at it.”

  He did not want to anger the other,
but what else was there for him to do or
say? Choshimu had edged closer to him;
he felt the boy’s body against his and
then he felt a knife slipped slowly, care-
fully, into his hand. The two stood to-
gether in this position, the knife con-
cealed. Better, first, to try once more at
conciliation, explanation.

  “Very well, I bought a bogus screen.
You have the real one, and you will not
sell. I can truthfully say that the best I
could get was a fraud. If you want to
bargain for my silence, and do not want
hundreds of Japanese officials swarming
about Denshaiko when I’m missed, the
only thing you have to offer is my free-
dom.”

  “Officials! I knew you lied! Do the
Japanese care what happens to a for-
eigner, unless he has some mission like
yours? You are a liar and a fool! I am
not quite ready to leave Denshaiko, but
even when I go you are to stay here. In
the meantime I will have a question or
two to ask, and you shall become ac-
quainted with a splendid cell in the rock
which will be your home. You will know
then how political prisoners of ours are
treated in that so great America of yours.”
He clapped his hands.

 “Take him away,” he screamed in
Japanese.

  Westgaard cried—

  “So that’s what you are!” He sprang
directly for the screen, his knife out.

  There had seemed to be a shadow be-
hind the image of the thunder god;
straight through the god’s belly West-
gaard slashed. A shot roared in the
rocky chamber; a heavy, falling Japanese
leaped from some -hidden compartment
behind a silken hanging to the white
man’s back. Westgaard threw him off
and cursed; after this one ejaculation he
said “nothing more, but fought wildly.

 Arms were about him; his muscles
knotted as he tore away and, the knife in
hand, hurled the screen aside. Behind it
was bare wall. He had no time to see
where the hidden man had vanished; no
time to wonder whether a rock-door was
in the wall; he faced about like lightning.

  The grit of the blade against bone, as
he struck, almost turned him sick; the
Japanese dropped to the floor, a thin
stream of yellowish saliva trickling down
his chin.

  Since the other two immediate at-
tackers had drawn back, Westgaard had
a moment of respite.

  Why hadn’t he waited? What was to
be gained by this senseless onslaught?
Only one end was possible. Surely, later,
there might have been a chance to escape.
Had the thought of imprisonment in this
rock-shell driven him, for the instant,
mad, just as the actual incarceration
would do even more certainly? And Cho-
shimu—what of the boy? He cried loudly:

  “Stay away, Choshimu! Have nothing
to do with me! I forced you to come.”

  A taunting laugh battered from wall to
wall. The unknown man was watching;
yet in the laugh was something else.
Anger? Fear? A terrible finality? All
three?

  Westgaard had no time to attempt dis-
section of the uncanny laughter. He had
been holding the knife menacingly before
him; he moved his hand, and a second
shot—from high in the wall—shattered
the blade.
THE THUNDER GOD

165

  The two Japanese advanced, together,
with little sidewise steps like fighting
crows. Westgaard watched them warily.
Each was armed with a knife, but neither
seemed anxious to close in.

  The mocking voice called:

  “Two to one—two with a knife and one
without. I have heard you are a brave
man, Westgaard; show them how to
fight! This is better than a show.”

  The white man did not await the final
dash; he stepped forward swiftly and
smashed one of the Japanese across the
mouth before either of them could stab;
he stepped back as swiftly, against the
rock-wall of the room.

  Blood flowed from the Oriental’s lips.

  Candle-light. Tapers hissing softly.
Crimson silks embroidered with writhing
dragons. Obscene gods. The overturned,
ancient screen, fallen upon its face,
gashed in a right-angled tear. The smell
of burned powder. Unreal—impossible!

  High in the chamber a bell sounded;
the sweet singing tones changed to me-
tallic thunder in the room of rock.

  Behind Westgaard was a movement
which sent shivers up his spine. Relent-
lessly, he was being pushed forward, but
by nothing human. An opening door, in
the wall behind him, was being shoved
outward, moving him, inch by inch,
toward the waiting pair. He dared
neither to turn nor to take his eyes from
the assailants before him.

  He leaped forward, not hopeful, hardly
thinking, aware that his one feeble
chance lay in dropping both of the knife-
armed Japanese and then turning upon
whoever was opening the massive door.
He struck once, felt the impact of bone
against bone; he felt also the sting of
steel, tried for a second blow, and then
was hurled to the floor under suffocating,
stinking bodies.

  Red flashed before his eyes, and he
wondered whether he were just recovering
from the smash received on the lake-path.
It must be a dream. In another moment
he would awake, to find Choshimu telling
him that he had stumbled, in the dark,
from the path, and struck his head on the

rocks below. A dream! The screen was
probably propped against the path be-
side him.

  For one fragment of time his eyes
opened. He was on the floor, half across
the ancient screen of the two gods. Where
he had slashed the fabric, trying to
reach the unknown man, the material
was doubled back, separated into two
parts—one that made the face of the
screen, upon which the gods were painted,
and the other that made the heavier
back.

  The man with the mocking voice was
crying—

  “You see how easy it was, after I came
to your assistance?”

  Westgaard kept his eyes fastened on
the inner surface of the screen, indelibly
impressed by what he saw. As he felt
the room slipping away from him, he
actually achieved a grimace—a grotesque,
triumphant grin. He knew the Korin at
last for what it was.

IX

WESTGAARD lay in semi-darkness,
in gloom which was sulphurous,

warm.

  A flicker of light from the left sent
wan bars across the rocky floor; to his
right, in place of wall, was a sheer drop,
at the end of which—by the sound and
the ascending steam—was boiling water.
Westgaard rose painfully to his knees
and crept to the edge.

  He could see, below, no more than a
reddish glow, like a gigantic eye, which
winked open and winked closed again.
What he was looking at was not water,
but boiling, liquid rock. The sight of
the molten mass fascinated him.

  “You will have ample time to reflect
upon the wonders of the world,” he heard
the same taunting voice say. “Now,
however, I have several things to ask
you—oh, there is no reason for you to
excite yourself; I am not in the room
and you can not leap upon me.”

  Westgaard crawled away from the
cauldron and rose to his feet, he leaned
166

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

against the smooth wall. The speaker
was in some passage, from which a
barred square window let feeble light
into Westgaard’s cell.

  “Several things to ask you,” the man
repeated. “I would be interested to
learn where you concealed that knife,
but I will not ask you that. I would also
be interested to know many other things,
but since you are so anxious to study
natural wonders, I will get to my business,
dear fellow. Who did you say sent you
here?”

  “I told you, but you do not believe me.”
  “And that is all you have to say?”

  “The truth.”

  “Do you hear anything, American?”
Westgaard listened. Wind through
the passages? No—more than that!

“If you torture that boy—” he choked.
“Just his feet in a boiling pool—that is
all. And since he—and you—no longer
have any place to go, feet are of no im-
portance.”

  Westgaard felt ' each frantic cry of
terror tear at his heart. He said suddenly:
“You can’t get anything by torturing
either of us. If it is made worth my while
to tell—if you offer freedom as a reward
perhaps I might—”

  “Lie again? No. You have had your
chance. The time will come when even
life in the caves will be preferable to the
way we can kill you. Am I plain enough?”
He was; Westgaard did not answer.
“You have long legs,” the man told
him pleasantly. “We will let you down
an inch or so a day and soon you will
be pleading for life, or death.”

  He heard Choshimu’s cry again. Then,
unexpectedly, he began to laugh.

  “It doesn’t work,” he ventured, and
was silent.

  The other made a clucking noise.

  “Next time it will, for we will not play-
act,” he said. “So you guessed that we
were threatening the boy only? Let us
see how well you can guess next time.”
The finality of everything began to
work on Westgaard. He saw now that
only death was before him, or that which
was worse than death. He stepped aw-ay

from the wall, as if facing the end of life
at the present moment. If he must die, if
Choshimu must die, better rapidly,
quickly.

 “The map you have been making on
the screen is very clear,” he said gravely,
although his heart was pounding.

  Silence rewarded him.

  The other said, at last, slowly—

  “So you really knew why you came!”

  And Westgaard wished his own words
unsaid.

  The man in the corridor had not been
 sure of Westgaard’s errand, and now he,
 Westgaard, through a he had blundered
 into what meant absolute death, when,
 before, it might not have happened; not
 death and, if the man were convinced
 that Westgaard really wanted only the
 screen for the A-I to sell, not torture.

  Blundered he had; blunder on he must.

  “Do you think I came for the view?”
he asked. “And, if I do not return to
Tokyo in another day, in just one day,-
those who follow me will also know what
they are after—and who!”

  “You lie!”

  “Have it as you will.”

  “It would have been better to have
allowed you to come unmolested!”

, “Much better.”

  The other’s voice rose.

  “I thought you might hear something
in Denshaiko,” he said, half to himself.
“It was so easy to have you frightened
away—so very easy.”

  Westgaard said—

  “Oh, we knew what was going on up
here.”

  “You he again! None save a few of the
 villagers know of these caves; they were
 closed for years. None save I in this
 whole land know of the map—so I
 thought. But I was afraid some fool
 might say something, and a white man
 listens where an Oriental minds his own
 affairs.”

  “You have a good organization,” West-
 gaard suggested.

  The man laughed.

  “I? That is not mine, oh fool,” he said
 agreeably. “I merely turned it to my
THE THUNDER GOD

167

purpose. A society of young Japanese
patriots, intent upon keeping art treas-
ures in the country of their origin. Japa-
nese patriots! Swearing allegiance to
emperor and sun gods and twenty-legged
turtles and the empire!” He laughed
again. “It is safe to tell you the colossal
joke! Making patriots work for us! We
are doing the same thing in China; I
laugh every time I think of it!”

  A second time the alert Westgaard
tried an experiment.

  “It must be dangerous to store ex-
plosives in a place like this.”

  “Carefully packed, my friend, and we
keep them away from the more heated
places in the caves.”

  “You will need to replenish your supply
near the highest tunnel in the railway. I
ran across your hiding-place on my way
to Denshaiko.” Again Westgaard avoid-
ed reference to Mamatsu.

  “You know too much!” Then, more
calmly, “You found it by accident, eh?
Now—” mockingly, in his usual tone—
“if you had the map I have been making
behind the face of the screen, you would
know where all of the dynamite is hidden
—where there are rifles—where there are
friends—where—where, in fact, every-
thing is.” He began to laugh. “And we
will be able to exhibit the Korin all over
Japan, by means of our patriotic young
Japanese. And many will come to see it
and afterwards, a man or two will ex-
amine the inside privately and know all
we dare not tell him. And at no danger
to any one! Is it not perfect?”

  “No. It was, but it isn’t now.” West-
gaard forced himself to speak casually.
He recognized the hidden man’s desire
to talk, to boast, almost to confide. “The
A-I know that they tried to buy the
screen, and—if I do not return—failed.
How about^ the copy in the temple?”

  The unknown answered both questions:
“They tried to buy it and failed. That
is of no importance. As to the copy, who
ever comes to Denshaiko? None will
know it is here or is not here. And all of
the time the young patriots are cheering
me, they will really be assisting me. I

have grown so fond of the screen that,
when the revolution is over, and the red of
the sun flag has spread all over the white
portion of the banner, I believe I will take
the screen with me back to Russia. Ah,
the patriots!”

  The aroma of a Turkish-tobacco cigaret
drifted across Westgaard’s nostrils. It,
the fact that the other was smoking,
indicated to Westgaard that he was very
satisfied with himself. There was only
one more thing to try.

  “I have always hated the capitalists,”
he suggested meaningly.

  The man in the corridor laughed again.
“Even if I believed you, you know too
much,” he retorted. “There is nothing in
it but for you to remain here until you are
no longer dangerous. I am not so certain,
now, that I shall kill you. You are at
least some one to talk with, eh? These
stinking brown brothers tire me, and I am
sick to death of talking to them of gods
and devils of the mountain!”

  So that was how the Red had wormed
his way in?

  “Gods and devils! I beat that old
priest at his old game. My gods knew
where a couple of gold yen might be
found, after I placed them there, his gods
were only good to pray to, and did noth-
ing for him. And so, little by little, I
gained first their confidence and next their
fear, until now they believe I am almost
a god myself.”

  Westgaard said—

  “You might give me a cigaret.” He
lighted what was thrown him. The or-
dinary action soothed, strengthened him.
“Why didn’t you let me get away with the
fake screen?”

  “Because it would have made talk when
the real one was exhibited all over the
empire.”

  “But shooting, poisoning, my absence
—will that make no talk?”

  “For a day, a week. And then it will
be forgotten. And it will be some time
before the screen is ready, before all of
our plans are perfect.”

  “Who places the explosives so you can
disrupt all traffic?”
168

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  “That—” and Westgaard could almost
see him grin— “is no affair of yours. But
I tell you this much; some few I placed
myself, for the experience; the rest was
done by many different men, and for
many different reasons. Why, I had
some placed in Yokohama by a Japanese
who is in love with a fat brown nurse in a
hospital, and intends, with my help, to
blow his way into the sleeping-quarters.
And then—”

  “But suppose some one talks?”

  “It would delay us, naturally. We
have been very lucky. However, no man
knows of many places. That is why we
have the map. And when we strike, my
friend, we strike. Look at China! Does
it all seem like a dream to you? Perhaps
if I told you all I knew, you would see—
but I am not going to tell you!”

  “You’ve already told me enough to
make me see that you are preparing for
success.”

  A fanatical note crept into the mocking
voice.

  “Success. What else? First the yellow
and brown nations, and then—”

  Westgaard guessed what he meant.
He thought that the Red had paused;
he decided wisely enough to say nothing
more, but heard next the whisper of some
voice in Japanese; what was said he was
unable to hear, no matter how hard he
tried.

  “Who was that fat Japanese?” the Red
snapped.

  Westgaard did not dissemble.

  “He came here for the water-cure,” he
said shortly.

  “He lied if he told you that.”

  “Perhaps he did. I only met him on
the train.”

  “He lied, just as you lied. He has not
been near the water. He roams around
like an ant in a kitchen. Who is he?
You do not know? What does he want?
You do not know? Well—” snarling—
“We will find that out very shortly. I
know where he goes. If it makes you any
happier, he is near you—but on the slope
of the mountain. He said he wanted
exercise. Bah!”

  His conversational boasting and con-
fidential mood was gone.

  “Rot, die of thirst, or jump into the
cauldron,” he threw at Westgaard and
was gone.

X

WHAT could a fat Japanese do for
him? How might Mamatsu find
his way through the labyrinth? West-
gaard himself did not know exactly where
he was in the caves. And why should
Mamatsu come after him? Mamatsu was
some one; more, the corpulent Nipponese
apparently knew of the screen and knew
what he was about; but what help was
that to Westgaard?

  The door was thrown open, and Choshi-
mu was tossed into the room. Westgaard
caught him before the boy stumbled over
the edge of the rock-fioor.

  “They told me that if I hungered I
should eat of your body,” he sobbed.
“Oh, danna-san, this is a place of devils.
Let us go home.”

  What was he to tell the boy? He need-
ed to tell him nothing.

  “I can die like a man,” Choshimu said
in a thin voice. “It—it is hard to die,
dannc san.”

  Westgaard slipped his arm about the
shaking shoulders.

  “They were going to throw me into a
pool of steam,” Choshimu told the white
man. “I cried out, and then they all
laughed. I can see a little light below
it now,” Choshimu whispered. “Per-
haps there is a way out from that terrible
place.”

  The cauldron was fully fifty feet below;
the rock descending to it was nothing
but concrete volcanic neck, smooth,
without crack or crevice. It actually
sloped away from the cave-shelf where
man and boy were.

  “It is a jigoku—a hell,” the boy
mouthed. “But there is a way out! Can
even the foam—steam—stay in this
place?”

  Westgaard examined the steam without
interest. It did rise, cover the far wall,
THE THUNDER GOD

169

kept away from the cell by the draft of
air through the barred window, and slowly
creep down to disappear somewhere near
the molten pool. Descent, however, was
impossible. The wall was smooth, slop-
ing in. There was no rock about the
pool; the waving surface of half-liquid,
half-solid lava seemed to be bottled com-
pletely in rock.

  “Come away from the edge,” West-
gaard said.

  Choshimu heard defeat, hopelessness;
he neither wailed nor whimpered, but he
followed Westgaard, to sit very closely
beside him. Hopelessness. They would
never get out. The futility of the situa-
tion, the closeness of death, slowly rose
to choke the white man.

  He felt, he supposed, as a convicted
murderer must feel. He awaited death.
But even a murderer was fed up to the
last, was given water, and even hoped
that some respite was possible. He had
been told that they expected a reprieve,
a stay of sentence, until the warden came
to say—

  “I’m sorry, but it is time—”

  No reprieve was possible to him; he
knew it fully. The Red would "over have
told him anything if he had intended to
let Westgaard go. It was final. Choshi-
mu would die first, and he would be left
with the dead boy’s body. Horrible!
There was no day, no night; the rock-
cell remained semi-black, hideous with
blacker shadow and pale streaks of light.
Choshimu whimpered—

  “How long have we been here?”

  How long indeed? Minutes? Hours?
More than that? Westgaard did not
know.

  The Red would return, perhaps, and
talk with him again. Westgaard did not
want to hear him. Did the other desire
to see him weaken and plead, as he
slipped from life? There came to him a
swift desire to pray, but he did not move
his lips. He thought—

  “God can do the impossible, but why
should I ask Him? He did not tell me
to come.”

  No day, no night; only passing min-

utes on dragging feet; passing minutes,
darkness and the winking red eye below.

  His voice was husky, his throat tight,
as he said—

  “Don’t be afraid, little Choshimu.”
He himself knew fright; not terror, but
fright.

  His arm had gone round the boy, re-
mained there frankly. The fatalism of
his years in the East began to surge to the
surface. If it were ordered, it was or-
dered. Better to face death firmly, be-
fore he was weak.

  “We need only step from the edge,” he
said, as to himself.

  Choshimu shrank back.

“If you—hold my hand—when we go—”
“No, not yet. Mamatsu might; some
one might—the Red could change his
fanatical mind. Something could
happen—”

  So, sanity told him, the condemned
man figured in the death cell, with the
guards of the death-watch joking with
him, with the priest praying while the
hangman saw to his noose. Minutes.
Hours. Through the corridors came the
sweet sound of the little bell.

  “They pray,” Choshimu whispered
unsteadily. “How can they asked the
gods to be good when they—”

  Westgaard said only—

  “Hush!”

  The sound of the bell died away.

  “I regret that I have but one watch,”
the mockingly pleasant voice called from
the door. “You have been here an hour,
my friend. Every hour I will come and
tell you the time; it will be diversion for
me. Does the stream make you thirsty?
Think! There is a great lake just outside,
a lake filled with cool water. If you be-
lieve in morals, and you come from a very
moral nation, I suggest that this show
you the error of trying to stop a jugger-
naut—the great red chariot of fate.”
Before Westgaard could retort the
other was gone.

  “He laughs at us,” Choshimu said.

  “He will never laugh at us again.”
Westgaard stood up, pulling the boy
gently after him. _t
170

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  “It will not hurt, baby,” he said softly.
“Hold to my hand—so. Close your
eyes.” A step nearer the pit. “Think of
all the gods who are watching you. The
great gods who admire bravery!”

  Blasphemy? Westgaard did not be-
lieve that it was. His head was very
clear. He uttered no prayer for himself;
it came to him at that moment that there
was a god who cared most for little chil-
dren, and who had said— As steam rose
to his face, he heard the mocking laugh
again. Had he swayed forward? Was he
falling? Had he stepped from the edge,
Choshimu with him? Falling, yes, but
away from the chasm.

  The room shook, creaked; rock against
rock screamed in agony. Higher, terrible
in tone, he heard a human scream, a
scream crushed out into mere exhaled
air.

  Back and forth he swayed, near the
pit, away from it, willy-nilly. The floor
of the rock-chamber lurched him flat on
his face, Choshimu tumbling also. The
mountain thundered; somewhere in the
caves the echoing cry of “Kaminari! God
of thunder!” reached Westgaard’s dazed
cars.

  Once again the floor rose with him,
buckling, screaming. Steam from the
cauldron singed his face; a shower of
icy water drenched him; the cauldron
below hissed and spat, and then the
room steadied, the screaming died to a
grumbling and, at the very end, silence.

  “The—the earth has been tom in the
hands of the thunder god,” Choshimu
breathed.

  The rocks seemed still to tremble; no
louder than their shiver Westgaard heard
a whisper:

 “I—die! Rock—rock—rock—”

  Westgaard, for the first time, stepped
to the barred window. He could see
nothing, save that rock had filled the
corridor; yet under the mass was a man,
the man who had directed their capture.

  “Tell me your name, and I’ll try to get
some one to hear me,” Westgaard pleaded
earnestly.

  No answer. Westgaard was certain

that the other spat. He called, neverthe-
less:

  “Your master is hurt. He’s dying!”
and as the “—ing!” was echoed back at
him, he repeated the words in Japanese.

  No answer. Westgaard pulled at the
bars and found them set firm in rock.
He set himself and tried grimly to move
them.

  “He died quickly, and that is more than
he would have permitted us,” Choshimu
said. The boy’s eyes flashed. “He died,
and he is dead,” he added.

  “Don’t gloat or I’ll—”

  “Beat me,” the urchin cried, so joy-
ously that Westgaard faced about wildly.

  The boy could do no more than point,
and cry—

  “Look! Look!”

  To the edge of the rock-shelf West-
gaard stepped. Rock had tumbled down
from above; a way—rough, terrible—was
ready for their feet. The boiling pool had
lowered, receded, and, beside it, partially
concealed by the lessening steam, was a
fissure through which light filtered. How
large the crack was, where it led, whether
a man might stand on the rocks below,
whether a man might even be able to
achieve the lower level, Westgaard did
not know; sudden elation, the possibility
of action, attempt, surged through him.
Choshimu’s face 1';as beaming.

  “We go,” Choshimu howled and began
to scramble down. Westgaard followed
him at once.

  After the smooth, creviceless wall, the
rocks had appeared possible; once on
them, the difficulty increased with every
descending step. Here was a foothold;
here no more than a crack in the rock for
a toe.

  How long the descent took neither
knew.

  Rock had been dislodged by the earth-
quake to make a narrow ledge about the
side of the pool nearest the opening; along
this, man and boy picked their way. Some
of the rocks were hot, but most were of
the regular temperature; there was no
way of telling which had been vomited
out of the cauldron, which had dropped
THE THUNDER GOD

171

from the walls of the empty chimney.

  Westgaard, hope rising, half expected
that the widened crack led to the exterior
of the mountain. It led merely to a
corridor, a passage lighted from some
lower chamber.

  Along this dim, rocky way they walked
rapidly, clambering over a pile of rock
which almost blocked the way, crawling
where the rock-roof had sunken. Here
and there other passages ran from the
one they followed; Westgaard kept
toward the light and finally came to the
room hung with silk and ornamented with
paintings and carvings of the gods.

  The first thing he saw was the screen.
Through a portion of it a rock had hurtled.
The wind god was missing entirely, torn
from the frame. But the second, Kami-
nari of the thunder, held to his bolts, his
painted hair streaming, his nostrils ex-
panded, as if he were breathing powerfully
through them.

  From the burning bean-oil lamps West-
gaard guessed that the occupants had
fled hurriedly, when the earth shook, or
that possibly the Russian, who was now
dead, had been in the room just before
paying Westgaard, his victim, the last
visit. His opinion was verified by the
open rock-road, by two open doors, one
each way.

  Three doors into the silk-hung room;
one through which he had come, the other
behind the screen; the third must be the
way out. While Choshimu chattered that
he hurry, Westgaard peered into the
black void behind the screen; next he
stooped for a lamp and stared again.

  A dozen rocks had tumbled into the
room he saw—a room partially filled w*ith
crates and boxes, some of which bore
the red label of danger.

  A second quake—rock on those boxes
of explosives! The thought was too
horrible to contemplate, and Westgaard
wheeled about. He cried to the ready
Choshimu to have patience and, despite
something akin to panic, he ripped the
fabric of the screen from the wooden
supports and folded it swiftly; with it in
his hand he left the vaulted rock chamber.

 XI

HIS OTHER hand carried the lamp.
Gusts of alternately warm and chill
air threatened the flame. Strange grind-
ing noises spurred white man and brown
child. They began at last to run, slid-
ing down narrow steps, rushing pell-mell
along the way.

  As they neared the grotto, the path
became more difficult. Westgaard handed
the lamp and fabric of the screen to
Choshimu and carried him slowly along.
Other than shivering, the boy made no
sound or movement .

  The two candles were still burning
above the grotto. One, indeed, had gut-
ted out; all were close to extinction.
Fearful Japanese, Westgaard decided,
had seized the largest of the tapers as
they fled, leaving the remainder almost
consumed.

*• As he set Choshimu on his feet again,
the boy wailed bitterly:

  “The boat! The boat is gone!”
Westgaard’s heart throbbed for a mo-
ment, but he was able to say, “What of
that?” with seeming nonchalance. The
effort cost him something. Straight to
the edge of the water the man strode.
His upper garments were stripped off
before he reached the pool; he stood
naked beside it.

  The material from the screen he rolled
tightly, binding it about with cloth from
his discarded shirt; he tied the cylindrical
packet securely to his belt. The belt he
slipped over his head and under his right
arm, so that it rested across his back and
chest diagonally. He arranged it so that
the bundle was at his left shoulder. What
happened to the remnant of the screen
was really unimportant now, save that
he wanted it; life—life was the thing he
intended to fight for.

  His white body, against the gloom of
the grotto, seemed very pale and slender;
the light from the high candles touched it
to silver—an image, a symbol; strength,
yes, but more—courage.

  What the white-bodied man was about
to attempt might be impossible, yet he
172

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

had no intention of faltering. His face
was to the low black opening, where water
ran into the grotto. What currents there
were, whether the lake might have a
tide, whether the earthquake had blocked
the way—he thought of none of these.
Outside was the world. His hand went
clumsily about Choshimu.

  “You are to hold to this belt, so,”
he told the shivering boy, also naked.
“If you let go, no matter what happens,
you will be beaten as never before!”

  “I can not swim far,” the boy mur-
mured.

  “Hold to the belt and you will live
to be beaten,” Westgaard said huskily.

  With that he stepped into the water.
Westgaard did not swim at first, but
waded until pressure told him Choshimu
was off his feet; then slowly he swam
toward the black opening, leading out of
the grotto. Leisurely he paddled into
blackness and turned slowly for the side.
He groped for the rope, along which the
boatmen had pulled their craft into the
grotto with Westgaard. The rope was
not there. He turned and swam more
rapidly to the other side. No rope!

  He swam ahead in the dead blackness
and tried the walls again.

  Panic seized him for a moment, and
was passed on to the boy behind him;
then, with a grunt, Westgaard turned so
as to face light and grotto; he looked up.
He saw at once that the rope was really
there and had not been removed by the
fleeing Japanese; it was there, but higher
than he had expected, at the right height
for a man kneeling in a boat.

  Hand over hand, he pulled himself and
Choshimu farther from the grotto. The
swish of the water told him that they
were rounding an angle in the rock.

  Utten blackness. The water was cold
and growing colder.

  It was not possible to do other than
drag his and Choshimu’s bodies along.
The rope was too high for the water to
lift him to it. It took effort, effort grow-
ing greater every minute, to advance.

  Westgaard paused, but dared not ease
his aching arms by letting go of the rope;

in the dark he might flounder about and
never find it again.

  His head began to throb anew; the
pain proved to him that endurance has a
limit. He began to pull himself and his
burden slowly along the rope.

 A sudden stream of heated water
seared him and made Choshimu wriggle
and cry with pain. The unexpected
movement on his back made him loose
one hand, to hang by the other desper-
ately, fiercely. Grimly he clawed up-
ward, while the muscles in the other arm
fought to raise his body—ah, both hands
to the rope again!

  No time, no breath to chide Choshimu.
What breath he had was beginning to
come in harsh, gurgling gulps. He could
go no farther. Not another inch. This
was the end. But farther he went.

  It made no difference whether eyes
were open or shut. The water-tomb was
the same forbidding void. Blackness
ahead, the murk of the grave behind.

  His arms no longer had feeling; he ad-
vanced still more slowly. One pull—one
pull—he couldn’t. He must!

  The water seemed to tear at him with
increasingly savage strength, fighting to
drag him from the rope, even as he fought
to hold to it. Choshimu shouted some-
thing to him; the subterranean passage
roared and reverberated with the echo.
The white man shook the sound from his
deadened ears; what the words were he
did not know. A hand along the rope, a
pull. Hand along the rope—pull. Like
pulling on some great bell-cord, with
never a sound issuing from the corolla of
bronze. Perhaps, his tired mind thought,
a ghost bell in a land of ghosts. Heated
drops rained down on him, but he did
not feel them.

  One hand ahead, the other hand ahead.
Over and over. Automatically. Over
and over. The final grasp to life.

  Some water-thing, cold, spineless,
whiskered, ran from the rope down his
arm, to drop with a splash into the in-
visible murk of water. A strange sound
began to thrum in his ears. Mournful,
indeterminate, minor as the jangle of
THE THUNDER GOD

173

samisen. Was Choshimu trying to speak
to him? Was that bell back in the cavern
ringing? Or was it imagination? What
matter?

  Cold water over his head shocked him
to sensibility. The rope—had it snapped?
He tugged fiercely at what his hands still
clung to, felt the blessed rope grow taut,
but remained under the icy water. He
pulled more carefully, steadily and, as
his body moved ahead, he rose almost at
once to the surface.

  A staple, a fastening, not made for
anything save guiding a boat, had pulled
out from the weight of two bodies drag-
ging through water. Choshimu, choking,
still held to the belt. Westgaard’s head
was clear now, with grim clarity. He
knew that he could go little farther. His
arms no longer had feeling. Each grip
on the rope told him that his fingers held
only because they were shaped, talon-
like, to the hemp.

  Yet, somehow, he still advanced,
jerkily, slowly. Sometimes he pulled and
gained not an inch. Again and again he
was forced to hang limply from the sup-
port, while the water tore at his body.
He thought soberly—

  “If we had jumped into the cauldron,
it would have been over in less than a
second.”

  Was he giving up? His head was clear.
Strange things, arms and muscles, that
they should be so weak, so cowardly.
The thing to do was to drive them, drive
them—but they would not be driven.

  Sweat from the tremendous effort be-
gan to streak his face, to trickle saltily
into eyes and mouth. Ah, just one
more pull, arms, and another—another.

  Somewhere in the world, workers must
be rising from sleep, calling to one an-
other; there might even be the sun. He
would never see the sun again. Would
see — see nothing — a void — blackness.
The word startled him as he thought of
it. Not black—gray!

  Choshimu began to cry horribly at the
same moment.

  Westgaard knew beyond any doubting
that the hue of the water had changed,

that the invisible walls were taking color,
substance, shape. Yet he had no en-
durance left, no hidden store of energy,
nothing bred of exaltation to draw upon;
he was tired, exhausted. Choshimu’s lips
were to his ear.

  “Let me hold the rope, and you hold to
me,” the boy breathed. “I can not pull
you, but after you have rested—”

  Westgaard gasped, his voice strange
and hoarse—

   “I should have thought of that before.”
“I tried to tell you, but vou would not
listen.”

  Choshimu grasped the rope with eager
•fingers. Westgaard slowly slid down,
until he was buoyed by the water. He
held to Choshimu’s middle with one arm
and began to beat the other up and down
in the water, to rub it back and forth
against his chest; he slapped himself
again and again and gradually felt hi*
fingers begin to tingle. The other arm
he treated the same. Finally, he said—
“Without you I would have gone no
further, Choshimu.”

   “Could I do less for. you, after what—”
“If you begin to blubber, great baby,
I will beat you here and now.” It was al-
most light enough to see, light enough,
surely, to determine rock and water.
“Hold to my belt, and I will show you
how the seiyojin swim, infant.”

  It was necessary to husband his
strength; he swam slowly and steadily.
The weariness did not leave him as the
water became fighter, but he knew that he
could swim for a long time. A sharp angle
in the rock made him almost double upon
himself and then, all at once, he was in
the outer air.

  The moon was wheeling low; the air
was gray and somber with the ending of
the night. Westgaard thought he had
never seen so bright a moon, never
smelled such delicious air. ground the
last jutting rock he swam, an3 along the
edge of the cliff. At the first ledge he
crawled ashore.

  He did not want the sun to warm him,
to churn his blood alite again. It was
enough to stand.
174

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

  “I’m not floating in that tunnel for the
water-rats to eat. I’ve got a body and
it’s mine; a brain and it’s mine. I’m
alive!”

  Above him he could see a path, which
must lead to Denshaiko. How many
peasants passed along it, unaware of the
concealed tunnel, the grotto, the caves,
below? Choshimu was crying, his head
in his arms.

  “What now?” the man asked gently.

  “I—I—” The boy turned his face
toward his master. “I can be brave, but
I am hungry,” he lied valiantly.

  “We go to the village and—”

  Westgaard stopped.

  The ground beneath him trembled
gently, back and forth; the easy motion
changed to a terrific heave, throwing
both man and boy against the cliff. There
was a muffled roar and the earth was
still again.

  “The god!” groaned Choshimu.

  Westgaard believed that somewhere
along the cliffs he had seen a flash of red;
that flame had spurted up through some
air-vent into the caves.

  “No,” he said, “not the god. Merely
the implements of those who compete
with him.” Since he spoke in English,
Choshimu nodded gravely, understanding
no word.

  A loosened rock, Westgaard believed,
must have dropped on the cases in the
room behind the chamber where the
screen had been. He peered below. The
jutting rock, which had concealed the
entrance into the underground passage,
had vanished into the lake. No trace
of opening remained. The cliffs seemed to
be solid rock again.

  “We have a story to tell, but who will
ever believe us?” he said aloud.

  His body naked, white against the
cliffs, he started toward Denshaiko, the
boy trotting behind him. He was not
cold, only very tired, although his eyes,
despite the sleepless night, were clear
and bright. It rather surprized him that
the village blazed with lights. Every
hut seemed to throw dancing yellow out
into the lake. As he walked, the bell of

the temple began to beat, not peacefully,
not regularly, but wildly, as if in summons.

  Man and boy began to walk more
rapidly.

XII

THE PRIEST of the temple was pray-
ing in a room filled to the outer panels
with Japanese. As he prayed he called
out the names of his people. Not their
true names, but kaimyo—soul names—to
be used only after death. A strange
prayer:

           Koto shiro nushi no Kami
           Oho Icuni nushi no Kami.

  Lamps burned wanly. The room was
weary with the deadly pre-dawn. The
hour when anything might happen.

  “You are all to die,” Sosamo told them
in his canking voice. “I can already see
your souls gathering, with white wrap-
pings about their heads. Koto shiro
nushi no Kami! I can see the death-
lanterns. You have been laboring for
devils; what it is you have done, I do not
know, but you can not fool the gods.
They are not old; they are always young.
They know. Oho kuni nushi no Kami!
Sit, O fools! Can you hope to run from
the earth? Kaminari of the thunder will
shake it again and shake it open and you
will all be swallowed into it.

  “None of you ever worshipped—what?
You worshipped elsewhere? Worshipped
the god in a mountain-shrine? Mahl
This is his dwelling-place. He has no
other. I am his priest.”

  His hand rose, steady with excitement.
He permitted no further word from any
of the villagers, some of whom tried pro-
testation. Mingled with-the Denshaiko
men were peasants from the hills, driven
to the temple by the quake.

  “The god was patient with you,”
Sosamo cried. “He was patient, but at
last he has come.”

  His voice fainted down, like a dying
wind across the lake. Eye after eye
followed his. What they saw sent
tongues cleaving to the roofs of mouths.
THE THUNDER GOD

175

  The first arrows of the sun had shot
across the lake. They touched only one
thing in all that room—the fair hair of a
naked man, turning it, like the hair of
the god, to beaten gold.

  About the loins of this apparition—
no man could be so tall—was a bit of
bright silk, snatched up before entering
the temple; across his chest was a belt,
to which was fastened something cylin-
drical, shaped like the thunderbolts of
the god himself. And his eyes—blue,
gold, rimmed with red; There was no
doubt; it was, to the overwrought, al-
ready frightened Japanese, nothing of the
world, but some messenger from the
throne of heaven, possibly even the dread
god himself.

 None wanted a second look. All
sprang from their knees and rushed wildly
from the temple. Not until they were
clear of the building did the first terrified
cry rise. Straight along the lake-path,
away from village and mountain, the
villagers hurried, none brave enough now
for even a backward look.

  “You even made me wonder for a mo-
ment,” Westgaard heard.

  Westgaard did not grin.

  “You still here, Mamatsu?” he asked;
then, as if to himself—

  “Made it!”

  Mamatsu’s eyes* were bulging. His
lips worked, but he said never a word.
The ancient priest was on his knees.

  “I have seen a miracle,” he whispered,
his head buried in the sleeves of his kimo-
no, to shut out the vision. “A miracle!
After all these years, a miracle!”

  “Leave him to his visions,” Mamatsu
breathed to the white man. “Let us go
where I can find you food, clothing. It
will be only a kimono and will cover you
but half. Gods of heaven, Westgaard-
san; your feet are in ribbons!”

  They left the priest on the floor, crying
with joy. Choshimu was sitting wearily
outside the temple.

  “Did you drive them all out, danna-
san?” he asked. “They ran as if the
devils were after them.”

  Mamatsu smiled at the boy.

  “I see you know the powers of your
master,” he said.

  Mamatsu entered the first house that
he came to that was more than a hut; he
pulled drawer after drawer out of cup-
boards until he found under and over-
kimonos for the white man. While the
Japanese blew up the brazier and set
about boiling water for tea, Westgaard
washed and bandaged his feet. With the
bandages in place he bound on straw
sandals. Choshimu, rapidly recovering,
but heavy with sleep now, paraded about
in a silk kimono too large for him.

THE CUSHIONS were soft; West-
gaard stretched out on them luxur-
iously. Food had been eaten, many cups
of scalding tea consumed. A cigaret from
Mamatsu’s packet fumed between his
fingers.

  “Now,” the plumjf Japanese said, “the
story!”

  “Why are you still here?” Westgaard
asked.

  Mamatsu shrugged.

  “What else was there for me to do?” he
countered. “I hoped to reach the lower
villages before you. There is another,
steeper path, unused save by wood-cut-
ters. Sosamo-san told me of it. You
were right, I wanted the screen also.
But—” looking into Westgaard’s eyes—
“not as an object of art.”

  Westgaard said thoughtfully:

  “You’ll never believe what I tell you,
and I am not certain it is wise to talk of
what I’ve seen. But I’ll tell you this,
Mamatsu, the screen of the temple
would have done you no good!”

  “Is it so?” Mamatsu dropped his
cigaret into the brazier and lighted a
second before repeating, “Is it so?”

  “Then what I sought was concealed in a
copy?”

  “In the original. I want to talk well
enough, but it depends a great deal upon
who hears me. I’ve not lied, except to
say that I knew about volcanoes; I work
for the A-I. But you?”

  Mamatsu sat silently.

  “If you know what I came for, and
176

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

what I hoped to find concealed in the
screen, you can guess my business well
enough.”

  “You are one interested in retaining
valuable and ancient art-objects in
Japan?”

  Mamatsu retorted:

  “That is how we first became suspicious
of the business! I? Art? I am more
interested in a new way to cook turtles!
You know who I am.”

  Slowly Westgaard, entirely convinced,
even though the other showed no ornate
badge gilded with the seal of the empire,
began to talk. Again and again Mamatsu
interrupted him with:

  “They have got as far as that?” and,
“A scheme of the devil!” and, “It seems
foolish, but look what they do in China,
those Reds!” And, at the very end, “what
a thing that was, through the rock
tunnel!”

  Westgaard concluded with—

  “I’ve got the fabric from the screen.”
“Names? Places? Are they both on
it?”

  Westgaard said:

  “Both. But the plans were not com-
plete. That’s why—”

  “I understand it all—all. And now I
will not be able to breathe until I get
both the material and yourself into
Tokyo!” Soberly, “You were a foil for
me, my friend. All eyes were upon you
once you started for Denshaiko; it en-
abled me to go unnoticed.” He looked
thoughtful. “I wonder if that was the
intention!”

  “If my people sent me knowing what it
was I really should get, what it meant—
if they knew you were going also—”
“What then?”

  Westgaard smiled wearily.

  “I will wait until I’m back in an A-I
office before deciding,” he said.

  Choshimu had rolled himself in a futon
and, fed, was snoring bravely on the
matting.

  “Are you not sleepy?” Mamatsu asked.
“Yes. I suppose that I am. But—”
smiling— “I’m as anxious to get away
from here as you are.”

  “It will be a trick, getting through
the railway town,” Mamatsu agreed.
“They—these mealy-mouthed young pa-
triots who are tools, or more than tools,
for all we know—will be waiting for you;
they will know nothing of what has hap-
pened here, unless the villagers keep
running all that distance. You had bet-
ter give the screen to me. No? Well,
we go together. Now? Good! And we
will go by the shorter way.”

  He stood up.

  “I do not need my bags,” he said. “I
have slept without sleeping-clothes be-
fore. And while I am fat, I am stronger
than you might think.” He stooped and
picked up the sleeping boy. “I will carry
him and when I tire you can help. Come,
let us go before the village-fools return.”

  As they passed the temple he began to
chuckle.

  “The priest is still praying,” he laughed.
“You will go down into history as a
miracle.”

  Mist rose from the lake, curling about
the base of the cliffs like pink lotus-
petals. Peaks and cones were bathed in
sunlight.

  “Take your last look at the mountain
that you came to examine,” Mamatsu
continued, still smiling. “Ai-ya! You
examined it better than you thought.
You gods of heaven and earth, what have
we now?”

  Even before they heard the roar, they
saw that which seemed unbelievable.

  The highest peak of the mountain was
lifted bodily from its foundations, was
flung into myriad fragments and hurled
into the air. Explosion followed ex-
plosion; clouds of steam shot into the air
with thunderous noises. Pitchy darkness,
followed instantly by warm rain and,
then, toward them, a ghastly torrent
tearing down the steep sides of the
mountain.

  Neither man moved. Both stood stock-
still. Choshimu, in Mamatsu’s arms, did
not stir.

  “It seems we are to die,” the Japanese
whispered.

  The top of the mountain had been torn
THE THUNDER GOD

177

up by the roots. The sun had been blot-
ted out.

  “I have heard that jisshin* precedes
eruption,” the Japanese muttered. “I
did not remember. This is an earth-
quake land—ahhh!

  Down the side of the mountain the
mass of rock, mud, lava, tore. A rock
dropped near them; a second, hurled
high from the vent, smashed into the
lake. Westgaard looked swiftly around.

  “Stand against the tree-trunk,” he
ordered. “Be no good, but better than
in the open.”

  Close to the tree the two men stood,
eyes* only on the descending torrent.

  Black, slimed with the green of molten
mineral, the mass hurtled down the side
of the mountain. Rocks from above
began to splash steadily into the lake.
Catapulted boulders crashed down like
terrible rain through the trees, searing
the grass to brown near where they fell.
The earth beneath them seemed to
smoke, to writhe in pain.

  Neither man spoke. There was no
longer anything to say. The futility of
his earlier escapes beat upon Westgaard.
He was glad that Choshimu slept. Ma-
matsu’s words rattled gurglingly:

  “Look! Devils of hell, look!”

  The flow had neared the lake. At a
huge projecting peak it seemed to hesi-
tate, to waver, to rush back upon itself,
pile high all along its front. Then, with
new force, it swerved to the right, found
new gullies and torrented ahead, away
from the village, away from the fascinated
men.

  A cloud of steam streamed up from
the lake as the first of the flow reached it;
grayness, heat, stench, the hiss of steam,
encompassed the entire valley.

   It was no longer possible to see clearly
what was happening. As Westgaard’s
eyes strained, a rush of water poured
over him, drenchingly; before he could
do more than grasp the tree, water was
over his head; water, first cold; then
tepid.

  Roaring was in his ears. His arms were

   •Earthquake

   13

about Mamatsu and about the tree also;
the fingers of one hand clawed into the
Japanese’ skin. Mamatsu seemed to be
trying to pull away, to rise to the surface,
but the white man fought to keep them
all where they were. His lungs began to
ache, his head to ring.

   Should he let go and rise to the surface?
The surface of—what? What was be-
coming of the lake?

   Air! Instant, like rising to the surface,
although he was still clinging to the trunk
of the tree. Mamatsu was gasping;
Choshimu was wailing that he dreamed of
terror and could not awake.

  The lake? There was no lake! Only
a wide streaming river which flowed away
from the mountain and toward the vil-
lage of Denshaiko, toward and through
it. The crest of the temple stood above
the water; there was nothing else. Far
to the right, where once had been a
forest and a forest-path, were bare
blazing stumps, around which swirled
yellow-green-brown rivers of mud.

  “We—saw—the making—of the earth,”
Mamatsu stammered, spitting water,
“and we—live to tell of it.” He plumped
down squarely on his knees, dropping
Choshimu. “I will never doubt the gods
again!”

  The air was lighter. Above the moun-
tain, visible again, was a gigantic steam-
cloud; behind that, the blue of the sky.

  It was in Westgaard’s mind to tell
Mamatsu that he was praying, because
his own life had been miraculously
spared; but a glance at the Japanese'
intent face kept the words from is
suing.

  He had been tired before and exhaust-
ed; he believed now that he had previous-
ly reached the limit of thought and en-
durance. The debacle left him still,
cold, almost entirely unshaken. He had
made his fight for life in the tunnel; this
was accident, luck; the other had been
different.

  “We must try to find the path the
priest spoke about,” he said, placing a
hand on Mamatsu’s shoulder.

  “Yes, the path.” Mamatsu shuddered.
178

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

“The one we came here on—the one the
villagers took—that’s gone.”

  Westgaard repeated—

  “Gone.”

  He knew that the men who had been
on it were gone also, but even this did
not shock him. He had seen too much,
experienced too much, already.

  Masses of hot rock, smoking jagged
blocks of lava, had completely dammed
the lake, less than a quarter-mile from
where they had been standing. The
level of the water had been raised until
the path was a scant foot above the newly-
formed river. Where the escaping waters
rushed, after tearing over Denshaiko,
Westgaard did not know. Cliffs, on the
far side, had disappeared entirely.

  It was impossible to recognize the
lake, the once verdant valley, for what it
had been. What had been cool, placid
lake had been turned into a devil-play-
ground, filled with erupted material,
possibly flawed and raised by the action
of the earth; now it resembled the giant
building-blocks of fiends’ offspring.

  Neither Caucasian nor Oriental had
been able to keep track of time. How
long the actual eruption had lasted they
did not know; how long they stood
watching they did not know. Time had
stopped.

  “Sosamo knew,” Mamatsu said at
last. “He said the villagers were to die,
and they are dead.”

  Not until the three were on the
drenched path leading away from the
former village did the pudgy Japanese
return to reality.

  “We will not be stopped. Nor ques-
tioned in Yasudo, now. Your business,
my affairs, have certainly been forgot-
ten. Whoever in Yasudo was inter-
ested in the screen has other things to
think about. It has been many years
since the mountains here spat fire. It
will be simple for us to take the train and
return.”

  He walked ahead, glancing from time
to time toward Westgaard.

  “What is the saying in your land?”
he asked abruptly. “That it is an awful

earthquake which accomplishes only
damage?”

  Westgaard nodded, recognizing the
Japanese’ fight for the commonplace, for
control.

  As they started down the path,
Choshimu cried—

  “I see nothing of the temple—only
water.”

  Mamatsu choked out—

  “We should have brought the priest
with us!”

  If death had taken Sosamo while he
was still in ecstasy over the imagined
miracle, the priest had died happily.
Curious that the money paid for the
fraudulent screen could never do any
good to either priest or temple. West-
gaard had paid for the Korin; he had it
strapped against his skin. Curious! The
venture must be over. Nothing re-
mained save to stir the dregs.

XIII

THE OFFICES of the A-I in Tokyo
are as like those in Osaka as two peas.
They are high above the street. Tele-
phones connect them with the outside
world; in their filing-cases are letters and
orders; typewriters click and adding-ma-
chines whirr; clerks make endless trips to
the water-jugs.

  Mamatsu had wired his own chief from
a station along the line, arranging for a
meeting in the A-I offices. He had merely
telegraphed him to be at the Asiatic-Im-
port the following morning; he made no
mention of Westgaard or of the screen.
To Westgaard, at the time of sending the
message, he remarked that one never knew
who read telegrams and that he had not
the patience to code a wire.

  After sending the telegram he had
bought for Westgaard the largest kimono
to be found, together with the hugest pair
of shoes. The white man’s feet were so
cut that footgear other than straw sandals
over fresh bandages were impossible, even
had the shoes been large enough.

  Westgaard had been certain that sleep,
on the train, was not to come but, with
THE THUNDER GOD

179

Mamatsu sitting beside him, he had slept
through the night, to awake refreshed. He
had eaten with relish and, as they were
finally whirling toward the A-I in a taxi,
his lips puckered to a noiseless whistle.
He said to Mamatsu—

  “Wonder what happened to the imita-
tion screen?”

  The Japanese shrugged.

  “Gone,” he said. “It is no longer of any
importance.”

  The officials of the A-I were waiting in
force for Westgaard. Carstairs, sum-
moned from Osaka, grasped Westgaard’s
hand; even Sanderson, the Old Man,
clapped him on the shoulder.

  “We thought you’d been killed until
Mr. Ogawa and his friends told us of the
wire they received. Where’d you get the
outfit, Andy? They tell me Denshaiko’s
wiped out. You must have run for it,
eh?”

  “Denshaiko’s gone. It was pretty
close, Charley.”

  Mamatsu was whispering to Ogawa; at
his words all of the Japanese sucked in
their breaths excitedly. Their eyes glis-
tened as they watched Westgaard.

  “I’ve lost a bet on you,” Sanderson
stated. “Bet Mr. Ogawa that you’d get
the Korin screen for them. They wanted
it for a museum. Told him you’d never
fallen down on anything, but I’m damned
if I call this falling down. Fellow isn’t re-
sponsible for eruptions! And I’d still be
willing to bet you’d have bought the
screen or stolen it. I’m glad you’re back,
Andy. Mighty glad. And the bet can be
called off or not. That’s how glad I am.”
He made a noise in his throat. “You
know what I’m trying to say,” he sputtered.
Westgaard said gently—

  “You don’t lose, Charley. You’re
lucky. You win. I’ve got the screen.
But I wish you’d told me what you wanted
it for—really.”

“He didn’t know,” Carstairs said.
Harrison, from Yokohama, asked:
“Wasn’t it for a museum? I heard,
down my way, that some old die-hard
wouldn’t sell—was afraid of what’d hap-
pen—”

  “What difference did it make who we
wanted it for?” Sanderson said uneasily.
“I don’t understand.”

  “Your company knew only what we
told them,” Ogawa interrupted. “We
told them as much as seemed wise at the
time.”

  Westgaard felt no resentment.

  “I was to get the bullets and Mamatsu
the screen?”

  He didn’t blame them. Possession of
the hidden map was Japan’s business; to
get it they were willing, forced, to use any
means, any possible means. He did not
see clearly why both Mamatsu and him-
self had not been told.

  “You could have trusted us,” he said
gravely.

  “We have been afraid to trust any one,”
a Japanese named Setayama stated. “If
you knew what we know, what we fear—”

  Westgaard could guess well enough.

  “The police caught a man who’d been
in the building across from my office,”
Carstairs piped earnestly. “He was merely
looking through the place with an idea to
rent. Didn’t know the offices were al-
ready leased. Didn’t have any gun on
him. He represented some foreign com-
pany. Good financial standing. I talked
to him; never saw him before. Of course
the police let him go.”

  Westgaard said—

  “Naturally, Bill.” Ogawa, he believed,
winked gravely at him, and he winked in
return.

  “Bill told me about that foolishness—
the shooting,” Sanderson said. “Acci-
dents will happen, Andy.”

  Westgaard looked at the Japanese.
Several of them were busy examining the
blank wall, but Ogawa met his eyes
squarely.

  “It is only fair that you tell what you
know,” Ogawa decided. “Please let it
go no further than this room, gentle-
men.”

  Westgaard began by addressing Car-
stairs.

  “I suppose I was spoiling for excite-
ment, Bill,” he started. “The notion of
the Old Man sending me on a silly errand,
130

SIDNEY HERSCHEL SMALL

after the confounded quiet up in my dis-
trict, was the last straw.” His voice low-
ered; he spoke soberly, in monotone. In-
articulate at first, he slowly became fluent .
He painted them a picture; he could hear
the Japanese hiss, hear the white men
grunt; he watched Sanderson’s right hand
creep from his knee to his chin. When he
told them of the water-passage, Sander-
son’s fingers tightened about his jaw, pull-
ing the upper face into slantwise wrinkles.

  “And that’s what happened,” he ended
softly.

  “They—they nearly killed you,” San-
derson muttered.

  “KHledhim?” Mamatsu snapped. “They
killed him again and again, but he did not
have sense enough to know it! Could you
or I get through that passage? Would we
have done what he did? Were we ever
taken for a god? There has never been
anything like it since the sun goddess sent
the sacred crow flying through the vapors
of hell!” He groaned. “And all you say
is ‘They nearly killed you’!”

  Westgaard did not say, “It wasn’t any-
thing.” It was something. He was not
elate, but he felt the warmth of satisfac-
tion. He had done the job.

  “We knew there were once caves at
Denshaiko,” Setayama said. “That is,
there is a legend about them. Now, Mr.
Westgaard, if you are not too tired, tell
me what the Russian looked like?”

  “I never saw him. That was one of the
horrible things—to be killed by a man
whose face you have never seen. I’d
know that voice of his—but he’s dead.
You can be very sure of that.”

  “Dead as last year’s blossoms,” Ma-
matsu agreed.

  Westgaard pulled open his kimono, un-
buckled the belt, untied the roll of fabric.
The hair of the thunder god still gleamed.
Water had not affected the ancient gilt.
Neither had the fabric itself darkened.

  “They knew how, in the old days,”
Ogawa remarked, as he spread the ma-
terial out on a desk. “Korin was a great
artist.” He hesitated before separating
the face from the reverse of the two fabrics.
“If only that Russian used good inks!”

  The Russian had. Eyes gloated over
the map.

  “We will examine the indicated places,”
Ogawa said cheerfully. “One after an-
other we will draw the wasp’s stings.
What a plan! After China, Japan; can
you see us, crippled, our railways blown
up, our docks destroyed, our barracks
hurled to heaven? You have done some-
thing for us, Mr. Westgaard. No matter
how we reward you, it will not be enough.
We—”

  “May I remind you that I failed, where
Westgaard-san succeeded? That he went
to the depths and back again for some-
thing of no concern to him? That—”

  “You need not be afraid for your
friend,” Ogawa chided. “As for your hav-
ing failed, you did the best you could.”
He smiled. “No reward would be ade-
quate, but we can at least give you some-
thing round, beribboned, of gold, which
any Japanese would give his life for. I do
not speak of money, but you will at least
have enough to pay you for a coat and
trousers!” He folded the map, and thrust
it into an inside pocket. “You are tired.
All I can say is thank you.”

  One of the Japanese unlocked and
opened the door. Outside of it stood an-
other Japanese, obviously on guard. Cho-
shimu tugged at Westgaard’s sleeves. The
boy tried to whisper, but his voice car-
ried—

  “His eyes, danna-san! His eyes!”

  For unmeasurable time the eyes of the
Japanese at the door wavered into West-
gaard’s; eyes definitely crossed. What
Westgaard saw in them sent the white
man leaping across the office, to pin the
other to the floor. Mamatsu was but a
jump behind him.

  Westgaard was insisting, oblivious to his
surroundings, his hands on the other’s
throat:

  “Tell me why you tried to kill me at the
station! Tell me!”

  Mamatsu, however, was tearing the
captive’s clothes apart, and let out a tri-
umphant howl.

  “No wonder it was known about West-
gaard! I told you, Ogawa, that we had a
THE THUNDER GOD

181

leak in our own office! Mah! This is no
patriot, Westgaard! What does he care
for art, or art treasures! Here is his art!”
He spat the Japanese equivalent for
“Judas”!

  The purse, next to the mein’s skin, was
thick, bulging with new hundred-yen
notes.

  “Harada knew Mr. Westgaard was go-
ing,” Setayama stated softly. “He did
not know Mamatsu was to go. He will
find that his knowledge and lack of it will
both prove expensive. Take him away,
Mamatsu!’

  Mamatsu bowed and jerked the fearful
Harada to his feet.

  “It will be a pleasure,” he said. He
bowed to Westgaard. “I failed and you
succeeded, but—” poking a finger into the
unprotesting, guilty man—“I am to have
a little fun of my own, it seems. There is
a thing of two about other miscarried
plans I will ask this dog. I will see you
before you depart, Westgaard-san? Good.
We can talk of—no, not volcanoes, I
never want to hear of them again—well,
of how I am to lose my fat!”

  When he shoved Harada away, and the
door had been closed again, Ogawa said
to his companions—

  “That is how the news leaked out.”

  It was Westgaard who nodded.

  “I’m glad you didn’t realize what was
up,” he said to Sanderson.

  There was silence, and Ogawa rose to
leave.

  “You have done a great thing for us,”
he said to Westgaard.

  In Westgaard was pride of accomplish-
ment, pride of race.

  “Glad to have done it,” he said simply.

WHEN the A-I clan were alone, save
for Choshimu, who was proud of his
final share, Sanderson announced:

  “This is a feather in the A-I’s cap. Yes,

sir, Andy’s done a great thing for us.” He
coughed, choked down words with diffi-
culty, blinked and then was unable to re-
frain from saying, “Got something to tell
you—got idea f'r you—want—need—man
like—like—oh, bosh, let’s got’ th’ Club
an’ get a drink.”

  Westgaard discovered that Sanderson’s
obvious intention to advance him high in
the A-I organization left him almost un-
moved. The promised decoration and re-
ward to come from Ogawa also seemed
without meaning. He supposed he would
get immense satisfaction from all of them
later.

  But now—now he was alive.

  Despite the office in which he sat, cave,
eruption, black passage, Denshaiko, were
all near to him. His body had sufficient
strength, his will the power, to fight for
existence. Fate had entered into the mat-
ter, but he had been able to take advan-
tage of it. Good to be alive—better to
have made a good fight for life. What had
happened might fade into the drab pat-
tern, but now it was very real.

  “Where do we go?” Choshimu woke
him, “for your new clothes?”

  “Not yet, impatient one. Why?”
  Angrily:

  “Can I be proud of a danna-san who
looks like a scarecrow? Not even a tem-
ple-sweeper has feet in rags. All of these
danna-san, who are not half as important
as you, have clean faces, but yours is
bristly like a pig’s back. Every one in
the street will laugh at you, and when
they laugh I will—”

  Westgaard looked at the earnest face.
“We have had enough fighting, baby,”
he said. “Another word about it, and I
will truly beat you.”

  The men of the A-I inner council were
waiting. Hand in hand, with high heads,
the tall white man and the little Japanese
boy followed them out of the room.
The

damp-Vi

A free-to-all Meeting-Place for headers, Writers and Adventurers

A QUERY about the possible use of a
gun without a trigger in one of
Walter J. Coburn’s recent stories brought
the following reply:

  Personally, I never saw a man use a gun with no
trigger. But I’ve heard old timers who knew the
west in the early days, discuss the business of “gun
fanning.” According to them, a gun man had little
use for a trigger on a single action Colt’s six-gun
of Frontier or Bisley model. He thumbed his gun
hammer with the trigger pulled back, thus uniting
the two movements of cocking and trigger pulling,
thereby saving a precious fraction of a second.
Some of those gun-fanners, so I have been told on
the authority of old timers, filed the trigger com-
pletely off and used only the hammer.

  They thumbed the hammer or “fanned” it with
the heel of their left hand (if they were right
handed). I have seen a gun fanned with the rapid-
ity of an automatic in the last named manner. The
trigger pulled back during the operation. The
shooting was accurate and from a point near the
waistline.—Walt Coburn.

THE AUTHOR of the leading story in
this issue—it is not his first—rises
to introduce himself to Camp-Fire.

  I am an ex-major of the cavalry, of the Regular
army of some twelve years’ service. I don’t take the
title very seriously except as a defensive measure
against the flock of military titles now to be found
in every business office, so that one is continually
under the necessity of paying his rent to a captain,
his insurance premium tQ a major and his gas bill
to a colonel. One can only hope that these prefixes
will not become hereditary, or transferable by
marriage as in Kentucky, where a man who marries
a colonel’s widow assumes as well the title of the
late lamented!

  My not being in the army today I ascribe to the
possession of a battered old typewriter and enough
previous newspaper training to make me facile in
its use. On this wrecked and sorry object I ham-

mered out polemics, diatribes, monographs and
all manner of advice and criticism for the im-
provement of the American regular army. Inci-
dentally I hammered out a book on cavalry organi-
sation and training and tactical use which I have
to date been asked to permit four foreign general
staffs to translate and use. The American cavalry
does not know it but they are today conforming to
my suggestions as to the organization and use of
cavalry machine guns, which makes a fair score for
the battered old typewriter aforesaid.

  But alas this wrecked old object led me into hot
water. I was compelled by it to announce to a
startled War Department that the regular army
seemed to lack that firm hold on the affections of
the American civilian that would result in an
efficient national defense. I brazenly suggested that
the army was governed in accordance with a lot of
outworn aristocratic principles which we had in-
herited two centuries ago from the British and the
Prussians. Pointing out that a system intended for
the military governing of peasants by aristocrats
was somewhat antiquated for our big middle class
nation, I suggested that an ill-fitting collar resulted
in an unwilling horse, and that, O heresy of heresies,
it was easier to change the collar than the horse. In
my magnanimity I went even further, and offered
to outline a system that would correct these evils,
pointing modestly to the official records which
showed that a had commanded a succession of
competition winning, record breaking organiza-
tions and offering to let the entire army in on the
means by which such results had been secured.

  Imagine the effect of a tiger in a young ladies’
seminary and you can gather something of the
effect made by the impact of a new idea on the War
Department. Rudyard Kipling wrote me, “I ad-
mire your pluck but I have never seen an army re-
formed from within.” Came the dawn and I found
myself hurled into the delights and struggles of civil
life. But, I might add, the last chapter of the story
has yet to be written.

A S TO my chequered career, here goes—Born
Greenville, Tenn., Jan. 7, 1890, one of my
first memories being of the stalwart mountaineers of
my grandfather’s 8th Tennessee Cavalry marching

 182
THE CAMP-FIRE

183

several hundred strong behind his hearse. Moved
to a western ranch, grew up with horses and cattle
and cowpunchers, educated principally by tutors,
became foreman of my father’s ranch, had some ex-
citing times in the cattle and sheep wars, became
newspaper reporter, Portland, Oregon, Evening
Telegram, went to St. John’s Military School,
Manlius, N. Y., became sergeant in cadet troop of
cavalry, edited school monthly and annual period-
icals, graduated as Distinguished Honor Graduate,
into second lieutenancy U. S. Cavalry, com-
manded Troop K Second Cavalry Fort Bliss and
Sierra Blanca, Texas, border troubles with bandits,
went with regiment to Ethan Allen, Vermont, picked
as instructor first Plattsburg Camp (Business
Men’s camp) under General Wood, got commended
by him for handling of troop on maneuvers, read
and translated everything on war I could lay hands
on, studied Le Bon and Psychology of Leadership,
invited on lecture tour, spoke at Union Club,
Meadowbrook, Bryn Mawr on preparedness, played
polo, rode to hounds and survived the champagne.
Foreign service transferred me 9th Cavalry Philip-
pines, commanding newly organized Machine Gun
Troop broke world’s record machine gun fire, played
polo, pistol expert, expert rifleman every season, won
Officers’ annual race Manila, selected as one of three
majors in Philippine Department to go with 27th
Infantry to Siberia, commanded 3rd Battalion,
spoke French and Russian, made liaison and in-
telligence officer to Japanese General Staff and
Russian White Forces, marched battalion to
Nikolsk, to Ussuri, to Khabarovsk, Siberia on the
Amur. Made a member of the Ussuri Cossacks and
withstood vicious vodka barrage in the doing of it,
requested transfer to France and started enroute
when armistice broke, ordered to Fort Bliss,
Texas, commanded 7th cavalry, organized polo team
which won border championship, captained polo
team, made manager El Paso Polo association,
Secretary Border Polo Association, recommended
as Chief of Russian Division, General Staff In-
telligence Section, recommended as Military At-
tache, requested transfer to France study battle-
fields, transferred to Claims section in France,
made chief of Paris section, completed work and
ordered to Germany, sent on special duty to Scot-
land, attached to American Embassy, London,
recommended for Military Attache London, trans-
ferred to Germany, commanding Provisional
Squadron Cavalry, American Forces in Germany,
worked out problems machine guns with cavalry,
copied by French, Belgian, Spanish, Dutch and
Swiss General Staffs, wrote Modern Cavalry, pub-
lished by McMillan, 1922, returned to States, left
army after considerable fireworks, hit civil life
equipped with seventeen polo and racing cups, a
sabre and a typewriter which last has been furnish-
ing provender for the family. Next to the family
my most valued possession is an autographed book
from President Roosevelt and two requests from
him, one to have me detailed as major in cavalry
regiment he proposed for Mexican service, one
for my detail as colonel in division he proposed to

take to France. I have tried to make this short
and to overcome the very human failing which
impels a man to talk largely and voluminously about
that most interesting subject, himself. Under
places I’ve been I forgot to mention Japan, China,
Mexico, Canada, Belgium, Luxembourg, Norway,
Denmark, Sweden.—Malcolm Wheeler-Nichol-
son.

THE DISCUSSION about the use of
blow guns by North American In-
dians brings comments from two people
who ought to know—an Indian and an
Indian expert. We’ll hear from the former
first.

  Dear Friends at Camp-Fire: In your issue of
August 15th, there is a letter from Comrade Lueien
Beckner, about the use of blow guns in North
America. I will tell you what I know of their use
among the Iroquois Nation. I am part Oneida
(Clan of the Wolf) have lived most of my life among
white men, and in my early childhood remember my
father using a small cane gun (much like a bean
blower) in the woods, a small dart shaped from
hickory or other hard tough wood with points made
from stone, bone, and sometimes of iron were used.
They were used for quick close shots in wooded
sections, where it was very essential to make no
noise and the range was short, but I can remember
a shot of about one hundred feet that my father
made and pierced through a rabbit’s head with
almost instant death to it.

  My grandfather told me of the use in his boy-
hood of such guns for hunting which was then very
popular with youths before they were capable of
joining war-parties.

  I came back to the reservation about five years
ago, to find there was no more Oneida Reservation
forty miles east of here, so I have made my home
here at Onondago Reservation, but even here the
continued encroachment upon the Indians continue,
and if the Iroquois Nation lives, it will be only by the
aid of our few remaining white friends.

   I am slightly familiar with a few of the old Indian
games and of weapons, and if I can assist in giving
you facts of them I will be glad to do so.—Chief
Logan.

 And now some words from Arthur
Woodward, of A. A., who started it all.

  It would appear that friend Lucien Beckner
whose Camp-Fire letter is in the August 15 issue is
inclined to take issue with me re. the poisoned blow-
gun dart in North America. There is a chance of
course that in the pre-Columbian era there were
poisoned darts used in the blow guns of our Southern
tribes but so far my research has failed to bring to
light any historic record supplanting such a theory.
However, anything is possible and it is said that in
the old days there were some of the southern tribes
184

ADVENTURE

who placed poisoned thorns in the trails when
pursued by enemies from the north. But as to
poison on the darts, quien sabe. Beckner’s guess is as
good as any. However, a word or two regarding
those tiny, chipped points which he is convinced
were never meant for a large game killing arrow. I
wonder if he ever saw a cane arrow with a hard wood
foreshaft? If he did, and it was from the right
location, then he would be speedily convinced that
not only were those exquisitely chipped heads used
on regular, man-sized arrows but that they were
used on all sorts of game from rabbits to man.

  It so happens that there are two types of
arrows used by our aborigines of both North and
South America. One of these is the single piece
arrow usually made of some light tough wood and
either pointed with stone (latterly metal or glass),
bone, ivory, thorns, shell, copper, deer antler, cane
or no point at all. Some of these shafts are about a
foot long, maybe a few inches over and others range
about four feet in length. The second type is that
having a cane shaft with a hard wood foreshaft
whipped into the cane with either a sinew or native
fibre wrapping. The foreshaft is often pointed, in
the case of the Southwestern peoples, Apache to
Dieguene of California, with delicate little fingernail-
size heads of flint, obsidian, crystal quartz, chalce-
dony, chert or any other of those easily chipped but
keen cutting Btones.

  Often these points have the two base tangs larger
than the body and point of the arrow so that when
the head is mounted in the slit of the foreshaft, the
base tangs project a bit on either side of the wood
and the point is almost buried in the lashing of
sinew and bitumen, or glue whiehever the case may
be. However, such a shaft is capable of deep
penetration because the foreshaft much less in cir-
cumference than the main shaft, and of very hard
wood, plus the fact that it is tipped with a razor like
bit of stone. In effect the entire foreshaft which
may range from an inch and a half to seven or eight
inches and in the case of the big boys from the tribes
of South America’s jungles to over a foot in length,
is an arrow head.

  Some of the South American peoples do not tip
these foreshafts at all but make them about the size
of a lead pencil with a groove cut near the sharpened
end, and the groove sometimes filled with poison,
when the shaft strikes home, the length of the cane
drags it downward and the pencil point of wood
snaps off, leaving the poisoned end in the wound.
In addition to the hard wood points, those of thin
cane, broad'of blade are fastened to the foreshaft
with sometimes a pinch of the poison secreted in
the base of the curve of the head where it is lashed
On with native cord. Then too some of the heads
from South America are sharpened bone lashed to
the foreshaft at an angle in such a fashion as to form
a barb, good fish arrows. And another word in
regard to the so-called tiny “bird-points” which are
supposed to have been used solely for the killing of
birds. Most Indians preferred to kill the birds
without breaking the flesh or spotting the plumage
with blood. Accordingly bird arrows are often

and were often made with knobby, blunt heads or
if pointed at all had two small, cross sticks bound
near the point so there would be just sufficient pen-
etration to bring the bird down yet prevent the
shaft following through into the body. At times
these heads would be made of the leg bones of small
animals or large birds.

SPEAKING again of the blow gun and its use by
forest tribes only, mainly that is true, but one
must also remember that those same tribes also
have the bow and the arrow, and in fact rely more
on that weapon than the blow gun. A slight twig
or a breath of wind will deflect a light sliver of a
dart and even by these tribes habitually using the
blow gun, it can only be used effectively where the
foliage is open . . . and they were never long dis-
tance weapons. For that matter neither were the
bows and arrows of the Indians, for contrary to the
popular beliefs, the Indians were not the long
distance marksmen that fiction writers would have
us think. An Indian would sooner waste an hour
or so stalking to get a close up shot at an animal or
bird than risk an open shot at one hundred yards.
Close in however his arrows rarely failed to drive
home . . . they had to or Mr. Man went hungry
and he thought as much of his belly as we do of
ours. In South America where the arrows are
prodigious things long cane shafts, long foreshafts
and long cane blades for heads, with long feathering,
the range must necessarily be short, they are in
effect spears launched from huge bows, the bows
themselves are in the main, of hardwoods and some
six to seven and a half feet in length.

  Again referring to the possible use of the arrow
heads on blow gun darts, I for one cannot see how
they could be used. A maximum of lightness is
desired where a blow gun dart is concerned. It must
be remembered that it is only a puff of air that
speeds a dart on its way, and the “feathering” used
is either thistledown (Southern states), or native,
raw cotton (South America). A stone head however
small would be too heavy for effective shooting. 1
have never seen a blow gun dart with any sort of a
head on it and I am not exaggerating when I say I
have seen hundreds of them, not only in their cane
quivers but those from a native store, wrapped in
palm leaves, ready to be dipped in the poison gourd
and tufted with cotton. In South America, the
darts are carried untufted as a rule until they are
needed, then a pinch of cotton is taken from the little
gourd or basketry receptacle that is attached to the
short length of cane serving as a quiver and with a
skillful twist, wrapped about the butt of the dart.
The point is smeared with the fresh curare poison,
inserted in the barrel of the gun and phut! it’s
gone.	-------

AS I explained before the Cherokee used to gather
the thistledown, arrange it in wheel shaped
bunches and later affix the tufts to the shafts of the
slender pine darts which are very light. These
darts resemble in appearance, crude swabs. The
guns, those made of the cypress and pitched over
THE CAMP-FIRE

185

the outside to prevent air leakage, resemble some-
what those used in South America but have not
the elaborate mouth pieces nor sights that grace
the long tubes from the southern continent.

  Well, maybe this has cleared things up for Friend
Beckner, maybe not but “them are the facts.” Oh,
yes, regarding the Siouan people who moved out
to the Plains country. Their knowledge of the bow
went with them although there is a band of Teton
Dakota known as the Sans Arcs or “No Bows”
which tradition saith were at one time lacking that
important weapon, which may or may not be the
reason for the name. It might just as well be that
some poor duffer who had a large family lost his bow
on a hunt and was dubbed a Sans Arc or rather a
No Bow, can’t recall what the Dakota term for
the No Bow is at the present moment. Such things
are hard to trace and one can only take the deriva-
tions as they are given, and take a pinch of salt with
them. It is also quite likely that the shortened form
of the bow used by the Dakota, came about gradu-
ally through the 18th century to date because they
did not get horses until along in the early half of that
century, or it may have been even later, accounts
vary.

  There, I reckon that winds it up. If any one else
has a bone or two to be gnawed, let him toss them
into the circle and we’ll growl over them a bit.—
Arthur Woodward.

THIS seems to be a pretty good test of
the number of words in the Eskimo
vocabulary.

  What started this is the letter from Mr. T. T.
Waterman to Mr. Solomons re. the vocabulary of
the Eskimo.

  Now Mr. Solomons should know and from what I
know of him he does know and from my own obser-
vations of that bundle of fat good nature he has a
very limited vocabulary. The Eskimo, not Mr.
Solomons.

  To illustrate a point. At one time I ran a small
stem wheeler on the Porcupine River from Fort
Yukon to the headwaters of the Old Crow River.
Of course the natives in this part of the country are
not Eskimos but a few of these people drift over the
mountains from Herchall Island. One day I had
the pleasure of having as a passenger Bishop Stringer
of the Anglican Church. Now the good Bishop had
spent the greater part of his life administering to the
spiritual needs of the natives of the Arctic Coast as
far as Bailey Island and is as good an authority on
the Eskimo as any.

  He was engaged in translating the Bible into
Eskimo and was making very heavy weather of the
job on account of the limited vocabulary.

  Another thing that I know from my own observa-
tions is that one word may be used in many places,
and that he has spliced out his language with many
words of an allied tongue.

  Bishop Stringer is one of the very few Missionary
teachers that is well liked in the North, and is man

enough to hold up his end of the trail with the best
of them. While on the trip he shocked the combined
Mate, Cook and Deckhand we carried. Nick
cooked lunch and came up to relieve me at the wheel
so I could eat. After finishing I went back in the
wheel house and had hardly settled down to a long
stretch of work when Nick came back, his eyes pop-
ping out of his head. “What do you think? That
minister is washing the dishes.” That’s the kind of
a bird Stringer is.—Francis Rotch.

RANK C. ROBERTSON, whose
story “The Long Striker”, started the
discussion of the relative skill of Aus-
tralian and American sheep-shearers,
passes on to us a pertinent clipping from
an Australian paper which was sent to
him by an Australian comrade, Walter
Wallace. The paper in which the article
appeared was the Sydney (New South
Wales) Sun.

HOW many men can say that they have shorn a
million sheep or anything approaching it?
Yet Harry Oates, who gave evidence at the Federal
Arbitration Court in Sydney last week, has put up
a tally of well over half a million in his 25 years of
shearing.

  Harry Oates, a tall, powerfully-built man of 47,
began shearing at the age of 22. He has shorn in
New Zealand, as well as over a great part of Aus-
tralia. His best tally for one day was 270 sheep,
shorn in eight hours and 40 minutes and under or-
dinary shearing conditions.

  This is not a record, of course, but it is good going.
Harry Oates knew a shearer who once shore 316
sheep in a day. And did not Jack Howe put up a
world’s record with 320 using the blades?

  Oates has approached 270 at other times, but he
says that his form began to decline a little after he
passed his 35th birthday. His best tally was made
at 30 when he had been eight years a shearer. Yet
last year he went up to 184, and his average was bet-
ter than any shearer whom he met in any shed.

  He was described in the court as one of the very
best shearers in Australia, taking both quality and
quantity into account.

  To shear 270 sheep in a day of eight hours and 40
minutes means that each sheep is shorn, in an aver-
age, in under two minutes.

  It would also mean, at the present shearing rate,
that the shearer would earn over 2^d a minute, or
£5 8s a day. Indeed, from the money point of view
Harry Oates was born a little too soon. When he
began shearing 25 years ago the rate in N.S.W. was
£1 a hundred. Now it is twice that.

  In these days Oates works at sheds in N.S.W. and
Victoria; he does not wander so far afield as he once
did. The season consists of 20 weeks of shearing and
16 of crutching.

  Shearing is going on almost all the year round in
186

ADVENTURE

Australia, somewhere or other, but few men follow
the sheds right through. Shearing often begins in
May in the sheds of Western Queensland. It fol-
lows the seasons down through the continent.

  At the end of the year shearing is still going on in
the colder districts of Victoria and of Tasmania. In-
deed, some belated sheepmen are still shearing in
January, or even February. These, however, are
usually small flocks of little interest to the profes-
sional shearer.

  Oates is a tall man, and some shearers hold that
this is no advantage. For the shearer has to stoop
over his work almost from start to finish, and, of
course, the taller he is the more he has to stoop.
In any case, Oates holds that shearing is not a job
for an old man. The shearer works at high pressure
throughout the day. He needs not only strength,
but suppleness.

  And while the modern machine shearer may not
have to exercise quite as much strength as the blade
shearer, and has perhaps not quite as much strain
on the wrist, he has to stand the vibration of the
machine.

  There are, of course, still millions of sheep in Aus-
tralia shorn with the blades. Most owners of com-
paratively small flocks do not consider it worth
while to put in the machines. Then stud sheep are
usually shorn by hand. And there are one or two big
stations where the owners still stick to the blades.

  With the “concertina” type of merinoes once
popular with many flock-owners, the sheep with
huge folds of skin standing out in wrinkles, the
blades have a marked advantage over the machine-
shears. It is easier to run down the wrinkles. This
type of Merino has, however, now largely gone out
of fashion. Most breeders favor the plain-bodied
Merino.

  Shearing is one of the many things in which
Australia has put up world’s records. One hears
singularly little of shearing performances in the
other great sheep countries of the world—the Argen-
tine, the United States, Russia, South Africa, North
Africa.

  In Algeria, by the way, they shear the sheep in
the ornamental fashion called in the old blade days
“ribbing and quartering,” if one may judge by
the photographs. It looks very nice, with the wool
left in ridges, which make fancy designs, but it docs
not make for fast shearing.

  It does not appear, however, that the shearers in
any of these countries equal the Australian records,
though there are good shearers in the Argentine and
in western U.S.A.

  Some day, perhaps, we will have an international
shearing match. It would be safe to back Australia
against the world.

THE FOLLOWING speaks for itself.

I	am glad to pass Wm. McKnight’s
poem on to you.

  I give this poem to you as tribute to your maga-
zine Adventure—Editors, Readers, Business Men—

and all who have made it possible; in appreciation
of the sheer perfection within it, especially, that
thread of fineness running all through it I would
call “Sheer Manhood,” so inspiriting in a fatuous
age, jaded already in its self-convinced superiority—.
Wm. McKnight.

THE WANDERLUST

    The wanderlust and the itching foot
    Surely they are the same,

    Called by some a Spirit bright,

    By others a veriest bane:

    Give me the one with adventure fraught,

    Else Undiscovered Realms are dead,

    With mankind dreaming an oafish dream.

    And head fain filled with dread:

    Give me of the “Unpromised Land”

    Where sweetness always abounds
    With Courage o’erflowing the measure.

    And Fortitude passing the rounds:

     I’d rather see a World being born
     In blaze and flare of light,

    Than dull my senses with all its pleasures
    When bonds had riven it tight:

    Methinks we’ve given it spiteful name
    That is not used above,

     The whisperings of this solace,

    Were better said, Wanderlove.

BEGINNING with the next issue
Mr. Anthony Rud will become
editor of Adventure and, by the old custom
which has never been broken except for a
few months last spring, keeper of the
Camp-Fire. Although up to the present
time he has not been connected officially
with the magazine, I know that he has
been sitting around the blaze with the
rest of us for more than a few years.
Many of you will remember his stories in
our pages. I won’t waste words telling
you that he is all right, for I know that
the next few Camp-Fires and the next
few issues of the magazine will say that
much more effectively than I can. I’d
like to tell you, though, what a pleasure it
has been to me to wield the pine knot
gavel even for so short a time. And what
an honor. I’m sure that the only fault
one could find with the job is that at
times it becomes almost too exciting, for
it’s lively work to keep half a dozen dis-
cussions going under full sail and yet keep
them off the rocks of hard feeling. But,
comrade Rud, 1 know you’ll enjoy it.
—J. C.
ASK

AlcI'

venture

For free information and services you can’t get elsewhere

The Grand Canon Country

NOTHING for a laboring man to do
here but be overawed by the im-
mensity of things.

   Request:—“I am writing for a little information re-
garding the Grand Canon, Arizona. The climate,
hunting and fishing, trapping? Also has a laboring
man a chance? Which is the best route for a boy to
go on a motorcycle?”—Babney Lewis, Paris,
Tenn.

  Reply, by Mr. E. E. Harriman:—Grand Canon is
worn in a mesa or plateau that is 7,000 feet eleva-
tion above sea level and is itself 6,000 feet deep,
300 miles long and 13 miles wide in the broadest
part. It is a national park and you can not hunt
or trap there, but can go to the upper or lower
reaches of the canon and do both, though it will not
pay you to try it.

  In summer it is pretty hot there and in winter it
gets much snow.

  I do not know what a laboring man would find
to do there, since it is merely a natural wonder,
which thousands visit each year.

  The best route by which to reach Grand Canon Ls
to follow the road across New Mexico and Arizona,
through Gallup-Holbrook, Flagstaff-Williams, then
from Williams north to the carton. A motorcycle
will take you there easily. Remember, Arizona is
not thickly settled and has only two main industries
—stock raising and mining, with cotton growing
coming in to help out and certain areas that are irri-
gated raising alfalfa and garden truck. There is a
vast amount of land now idle there, that would be
raising fine crops if they had a dam across the Colo-
rado River high enough to make the water available
for use.

  In the mines and ore mills a large number of men
find work at good wages. No green hand can get a
job on a cattle ranch in Arizona, since he costs
more than he is worth, according to the ranchers.

Bullet Molding

MAKING your own may seem like a
throw-back to pioneer days, but it
does increase your range, besides being
a very interesting process.

  Request:—“Some time ago, a year or two in fact, I
saw an article of yours about making the .25-20
rifle more efficient by using a hand-loaded cartridge,
I mean ‘home’-loaded.

  About that time I came into possession of a dandy
little gun of that caliber, Winchester 26-inch barrel,
and I like it fine and can do good work with it up
to a little more than 100 yards, but that seems to
be about the limit of accuracy; which makes it but
little better than .22 Special. Gun is or was new.

  Am using Winchester and Remington ammuni-
tion, which costs at least 4 cents each here. I think
this a little high but those two kinds seem to do best.

  As I remember your statement, you loaded some
yourself and greatly increased the range. What
I would like to know is where to obtain the right
kind of stock and equipment for this purpose; have
saved all my shells since reading your article; have
nearly 1000. I shoot mostly coyotes and find .30-30
better because of added range.”—D. A. Coyne,
Murdo, S. D.

  Reply, by Mr. Donegan Wiggins:—In reference to
the reloading of the .32-20 or .32 W.C.F. cartridge,
I find the best results to be secured from a hand-
loaded cartridge, using a bullet tempered one part
tin to ten of lead, and DuPont No. 80 rifle smokeless
powder, loaded with any of the tools available today,
these being Yankee, Ideal, Modern-Bond and Beld-
ing & Mull.

  The case after firing should be resized in the tool
made for that purpose, and I prefer the Ideal for
this work. Belding & Mull also sell a tool for this
purpose. I never clean a shell using smokeless
powder, as I find it unnecessary, authorities to the
contrary notwithstanding.

 187
188

ADVENTURE

  In molding bullets, to secure til) cheaply, I merely
get the tinfoil from cigar stores, where it can gen-
erally be had from six cents per pound upward, and
hardware stores charge about fifty cents per pound
for it in block. Lead can be had nearly anywhere;
a good source is the battery shops, where lead term-
inals can be had cheaply after being discarded. You
should have the proper Ideal or B & M dipper to
pour the lead into the molds as otherwise you may not
get a full, solid bullet, this causing erratic shooting.

  I’d advise sending fifty cents each to the following
firms for their handbooks on reloading rifle and
revolver cartridges;

  The Lyman Gunsight Corp, Ideal Div., Middle-
    town, Ct.

  Messrs Belding & Mull, 820 Osceola Road,
   Phillipsburg, Pa.

  I use the Ideal tools, as I’ve had them a long time;
Belding & Mulls tools seem fine also. In any case,
get a double-adjustable chamber for reloading,
as this will enable you to crimp each cartridge
mouth into the lead of the bullet, thus making a
better job and preventing the bullet’s either slipping
forward out of the shell or back into it.

  Both books show a number of different bullets
adapted to the .32-20, and powder charges suitable
for different purposes. I use the .32-20 in the
Winchester rifle and Colt Risley model revolver,
and find it a good clean-shooting load, and very ac-
curate indeed.

Mate

A SOUTH AMERICAN stimulant
used to balance one’s diet, and
drunk from a “nest-egg” gourd.

  Request:—“Recently I have received a letter de-
scribing a South American product called “Joyz
Yerba Mate” and since I was never anywhere near
there and no available information on hand, I'll
have to come to you for some information provided
it’s not too much trouble for you. The questions are:

  1.	What is the meaning of the name?

  2.	What benefit does one derive by using same?

  3.	Is it used extensively in the South Americas
republics?

  4.	They claim it is a very good substitute for
alcoholic beverages; is this true?

  5.	Why is it?

  6.	Where does it grow?

  7.	Is it scarce to find or does it grow abunda’nt?

  8.	The gourd from which they sip the concoction,
what is that made of?

  9.	What export company handles this stuff? I
mean gourd mate and bombilla.

  10.	If it is out of the States is it necessary to
write to them in the Spanish language?

  11.	If you can not answer question 9 will you let
me have the name of some of the exporters so that
I can write to them?”—Edward F. Cihak, Berwyn,
111.

  Reply, by Mr. Edgar Young:—1. Yerba mate, in
Spanish or Herba matte in Portuguese, is the name
for what the Guarani Indians called kaa or eaa mean-
ing the plant. It is the tree tea growing in southern
Brazil and in Paraguay, a tree closely allied to the
holly of this country, which has quite a few of the
same properties, as you will note if you every dry
holly leaves and steep them. The trees grow a bit
larger than holly trees and the leaves are larger and
have no prickers on them. I do not know what the
adjective you have ahead of the name means. It is
possibly a trade name. Yerba or Herba is the name
it is called by down there, with the mate or matte
usually left off.

  2.	It is a mild stimulant, a diuretic, a slight
laxative, and is used locally to balance the ration
of the natives who eat much meat and little vege-
tables.

  3.	In Southern Brazil, Uruguay, Paraguay and
Chile it is extensively used. Considerable of it is
also used in Europe. This country imports very
little. The last figure I saw was 350 barrels.

  4.	No.

  5.	It is not.

  6.	See answer No. 1.

  7.	Abundant in the state of Parana, Brazil, and
Paraguay.

  8.	It is a small “nest-egg” gourd.

  9.	They are only sold here as curios. A few years
ago an outfit started a tea-house on Seventh Ave.
here in New York and served the herb. I haven’t
been up that way for a while and don’t know how
they made out.	?

  10.	In Spanish if in Spanish speaking countries,
Brazil speaks Portuguese.

  11.	Write Bureau of Foreign and Domestic
Commerce, Latin American Division, Washington,
D. C., and ask them for names of importers here in
the U. S. and also declared price per barrel. They
have this information and will furnish it on request.
Also send 5 cts. (coin) to Pan American Union,
Washington, D. C., and ask them for their booklet
Yerba Mate which will give you a lot of information
about the tea.

Our Experts—They have been chosen by us not only for their knowledge and experience but with an
eye to their integrity and reliability. We have emphatieally assured each of them that his advice or infor-
mation is not to be affected in any way by whether a commodity is or is not advertised in this magazine.

  They will in all cases answer to the best of their ability, using their own discretion in all matters pertain-
ing to their sections, subject only to our general rules for “Ask Adventure,” but neither they nor the maga-
zine assume any responsibility beyond the moral one of trying to do the best that is possible.

1.	Service—It is free to anybody, provided self-addressed envelop and full postage, not attached, are en-
    closed. Correspondents writing to or from foreign countries will please enclose International Reply
    Coupons, purchasable at any post-office, and exchangeable for stamps of any country in the Interna-
    tional Postal Union. Be sure that the issuing office stamps the coupon in the left-hand circle.
ASK ADVENTURE

189

2.	Where to Send—Send each question direct to the expert in charge of the particular section whose
   field covers it. He will reply by mail. Do NOT send questions to this magazine.

3.	Extent of Service—No reply will be made to requests for partners, for financial backing, or for
   chances to join expeditions. “Ask Adventure” covers business and work opportunities, but only if
   they are outdoor activities, and only in the way of general data and advice. It is in no sense an em-
   ployment bureau.

4.	Be Definite—Explain your case sufficiently to guide the expert you question.

  Salt and Fresh Water Fishing Fishing-tackle and
equipment; fly and bait casting and bait; camping-out Jits; fish-
ing-trips.—John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley"), care
Adventure.

  Small Boating Skiff, outboard small launch river and
lake tripping and cruising.—Raymond S. Spears, Ingle-
wood, California.

  Canoeing Paddling. sailing, cruising; equipment and
accessories, clubs, organizations, official meetings, regattas.—
Edgar S. Perkins, 5742 Stony Island Ave., Chicago, 111.

  Yachting Beriah Brown, Coupeville, Wash., or Henry
W. Rubinkam, Chicago Yacht Club, Box 507, Chicago, IU.

  Motor Boating George W. Sutton, 6 East 45th St.,
New York City.

 Motor Camping John D. Long, 610 W. 16th St.,
New York City.

  Motor Vehicles Operation, operating cost, legislative
restrictions, public safety.—Edmund B. Neil, care Adventure.

  All Shotguns including foreign and American makes;
wing shooting. John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley”),
care Adventure.

  All Rifles, Pistols and Revolvers including foreign
and American makes.—Donegan Wiggins, R. F. D. 3,
Box 75, Salem, Ore.

 Edged Weapons—Robert E. Gardner, 423 Wilson
Ave., Cohimbus, O.

  First Aid on the Trail Medical and surgical emergency
care, wounds, injuries, common illnesses, diet, pure water,
clothing, insect and snake bite; industrial first aid and sanita-
tion for mines, logging camps, ranches and exploring parties
as well as for camping trips of all kinds. First-aid outfits.
Health hazard of the outdoor life, arctic, temperate and tropi-
cal zones.—Claude P. Fordyce, M. D., Falls City, Neb.

  Health-Building Outdoors How to get well and how
to keep well in the open air, where to go and how to travel,
right exercise, food and habits, with as much adaptation as
Possible to particular cases.—Claude P. Fordyce, M. D.,
Falls City, Neb.

  Hiking Claude P. Fordyce, M.D., Falls City, Neb.

  Camp Cooking Horace Kephart, Bryson City, N. C.

  Mining and Prospecting Territory anywhere on the
continent of North America. Questions on mines, mining law,
mining, mining methods or practise; where and how to pros-
pect; how to outfit; how to make the mine after it is located; how
to work it and how to sell it; general geology necessary for miner
or prospector, including the precious and base metals and
economic minerals such as pitchblende or uranium, gypsum,
mica, cryolite, etc. Questions on investment excluded.—Victor
Shaw, Loring, Alaska.

  Forestry in the United States Big-game hunting,
guides and equipment; national forests of the Rocky Moun-
tain States. Questions on the policy of the Government re-
garding game and wild animal life in the forests.—Ernest W.
Shaw, South Carver, Mass.

  Tropical Forestry Tropical forests and forest products;
their economic possibilities; distribution, exploration, etc.—
William R. Barbour, care Adventure.

  Railroading in the U. S., Mexico and Canada Gen-
eral office, especially immigration, work; advertising work,
duties of station agent, bill clerk, ticket agent, passenger brake-

  The Sea Part 1 American Waters. Also ships, seamen,
shipping; nautical history, seamanship, navigation, small-
boat sailing; commercial fisheries of North America;
marine bibliography of U. S.; fishing vessels of the North
Atlantic and Pacific banks. (See next two sections.)—
Berlah Brown, Coupeville, Wash.

  The Sea Part 2 Statistics and records of American
shipping.—Harry E. Rieseberg, Apartment 330-A, Kew
Gardens, Washington, D. C.

  The Sea Part 3 British Waters. Also old-time sailor-
jng.—Captain A. E. Dingle, care Adventure.',

man and rate clerk. General Information.—R. T. Newman,
P. O. Drawer 368, Anaconda, Moat.

  Army Matters, United States and Foreign Lieut.

Glen R. Townsend, Fort Snelling. Minn.

  Navy Matters Regulations, history, customs, drill,
gunnery; tactical and strategic questions, ships, propulsion,
construction, classification; general information. Questions
regarding the enlisted personnel and officers except such as
contained in the Register of Officers can not be answered.
Maritime law.—Lieut. Francis Greene, U. S. N. R.,
2200 Kinzie Ave., Racine, Wis.

  U. S. Marine Corps Lieut. F. W. Hopkins, Fleet
Marine Corps'Reserves, Box 1042, Madford, Oregon.

  State Police Francis H. Bent, Jr., care Adventure.

 Royal Canadian Mounted Police Patrick Lee,
No. 2 Grace Court, Brooklyn, N. Y.

  Horses Care, breeding, training of horses in general;
hunting, jumping, and polo; horses of the old and new West.
—Thomas H. Dameron, 911 S. Union Ave., Pueblo, Colo.

  Dogs John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley),’I care Ad-
venture.

  American Anthropology North of the Panama Canal

Customs, dress, architecture, pottery and decorative arts,
weapons and implements, fetishism, social divisions.—
Arthur Woodward, Museum of American Indians,
155th St. and Broadway, N. Y. City.

  Taxidermy Seth Bullock, care Adventure.

  Herpetology General information concerning reptiles
(snakes, lizards, turtles, crocodiles) and amphibians (frogs
toads, salamanders); their customs, habits and distribution.—
Dr. G. K. Noble, American Museum of Natural History,
77th St. and Central Park West, New York. N. Y.

  Entomology General information about insects and
spiders; venom j:is insects, disease-carrying insects, insects at-
tacking man, etc.; distribution.—Dr. Frank E. Lutz, Ram-
sey, N. J.

 Ichthyology George S. Myers, Stanford Univer-
sity, Box 821, Calif.

  Stamps H. A. Davis, The American Philatelic Society,
3421 Colfax Ave., Denver, Colo.

  Coins and Medals Howland Wood, American Numis-
matic Society, Broadway at 156th St., New York City.

  Radio Telegraphy, telephony, history, broadcasting, ap-
paratus, invention, receiver construction, portable sets.—
Donald McNicol, 132 Union Road, Roselle Park, N. J.

 Ornithology Prof. Archibald Rutledge, Mercers-
burg Academy, Mercersburg, Pa.

  Photography Information on outfitting and on work in
out-of-the-way places. General information.—Paul L. An-
derson, 36 Washington St., East Orange, New Jersey or
Sigismund Blumann, Claus Spreckels Bldg., San Fran-
cisco, Calif.

  Linguistics and Ethnology (a) Racial and tribal tra-
dition, history and Psychology; folklore and mythology. (b)
Languages and the problems of race migration, national de-
velopment and descent (authorities and bibliographies). (c)
Individual languages and language-families; interrelation of
tongues, their affinities and plans for their study.—Dr. Nev-
ille Whymant, 345 W. 23rd St., New York City.

  The Sea Part 4 Atlantic and Indian Oceans; Cape Horn
and Magellan Straits; Islands and Coasts. (See also West
Indian Sections.)—Capt. Dingle, care Adventure.

 The Sea Part 5 The Mediterranean; Islands and
Coasts.—Capt. Dingle, care Adventure.

  The Sea Part 6 Arctic Ocean (Siberian Waters).—
Capt. C. L. Oliver, care Adventure.

  Hawaii Dr. Neville Whymant; 345 West 23rd St.,
New York City.

 South Sea Islands James STANLEY Meagher, 5316
Pine Street, Inglewood, Calif.
190

ADVENTURE

  Philippine Islands Buck Connor, L. B. 4, Quartz-

site, Ariz.

  Borneo Capt. Beverley Giddings, care Adventure.

★	New Guinea Questions regarding the policy of the Gov-
ernment or proceedings of Government officers not answered.—
L. P. B. Armit, Port Moresby, Territory of Papua, via
Sydney, Australia.

►J<New Zealand, Cook Islands, Samoa. Tom L. Mills,
The Feilding Star, Feilding, New Zealand.

★Australia and Tasmania Phillip Norman, 842
Military Rd., Mosman, Sydney, N. S. W., Australia.

  Asia Part 1 Siam, Andamans, Malay Straits, Straits
Settlements, Shan States and Yunnan.—Gordon Mac-
Creagh, 21 East 14th St., New York.

  Asia Part 2 Annam, Laos, Cambodia, Tongking, Cochin
China.—Dr. Neville Whymant, 345 West 23rd St., New
York City.

 Asia Part 3 Southern and Eastern China.—Dr.
Neville Whymant, 345 West 23rd St., New York City.

  Asia Part 4 Western China, Burma, Tibet. Capt.
Beverley Giddings, care Adventure.

★Asia Part 5 Northern China and Mongolia.—George
W. Twomey, M. D., 60 Rue de l’Amiraut6, Tientsin, China,
and Dr. Neville Whymant, 345 West 23rd St., New York
City.

 Asia Part 6 Japan.—Sidney Herschel Small, San
Rafael, Calif., and O. E. Riley, 4 Huntington Ave., Scars-
dale, New York.

 Asia Part 7 Persia, Arabia.—Captain Beverley
Giddings, care Adventure.

  Asia Minor.—Dr. Neville Whymant, 345 West 23rd
St., New York City.

 Africa Part 1 Egypt.—Dr. Neville Whymant, 345
West 23rd St., New York City.

 Africa Part 2 Sudan.—W. T. Moffat, Opera
House, Southport, Lancashire, England.

  Africa Part 3 Tripoli. Including the Sahara, Tuaregs,
Caravan trade and caravan routes.—Captain Beverley
Giddings, care Adventure.

 Africa Part 4 Tunis and Algeria.—Dr. Neville
Whymant, 345 West 23rd St., New York City.

  Africa Part 5 Morocco.—George E. Holt, care Ad-
venture.

  Africa Part 6 Sierra Leone to Old Calabar, West
Africa, Southern and Northern Nigeria.—W. C. Collins,
care Adventure.

  Africa Part 7 Cape Colony, Orange River Colony,
Natal and Zululand.—Captain F. J. Franklin, Gulfport
and Coast Enquiry Depot, Turnbull Bldg., Gulfport, Miss.
►I* Africa Part 8 Portuguese East.—R. G. Waring, Co-
runna, Ontario, Canada.

 South America Part 1 Colombia, Ecuador, Peru,
Bolivia and Chile.—Edgar Young, care Adventure.

  South America Part 2 Venezuela, the Guianas and
Brazil.—Paul Vanorden Shaw, 21 Claremont Ave., New
York, N. Y.

  West Indies Haiti, Santo Domingo, Porto Rico, Virgin
and Jamaica Groups.—Charles Bell Emerson, Adven-
ture Cabin, Los Gatos, Calif.

  Central America Canal Zone, Panama, Costa Rica,
Nicaragua, Honduras, British Honduras, Salvador, Guate-
mala.—Charles Bell Emerson, Adventure Cabin, Los
Gatos, Calif.

  Mexico Part 1 Northern. Border States of old Mexico
Sonora, Chihuahua, Coahuila, Nuevo Leon and Tamaulipas.
—J. W. Whiteaker, 2903 San Gabriel St., Austin, Tex.

  Mexico Part 2 Southern, Lower California; Mexico
south of a line from Tampico to Mazatlan.—C. R. Mahaffey,
236 Fox Ave., San Jos6, Calif.

  Mexico Part 3 Southeastern. Federal Territory of
Quintana Roo and states of Yucatan and Campeche. Also
archeology.—W. Russell Sheets, 301 Popular Ave.,
Takoma Park, Md.

  Newfoundland.—C. T. James, Bonaventure Ave., St.
Johns, Newfoundland.

  Greenland Also dog-team work, whaling, geology,
ethnology (Eskimo).—Victor Shaw, Loring, Alaska.

 Canada Part 1 New Brunswick, Nova Scotia and
Prince Edward Island. Also homesteading.—Fred L.
Bowden. 5 Howard Avenue, Binghamton, New York.
^Canada Part 2 Southeastern Quebec. Jas. F. Bel-
ford, Codrington, Ont., Canada.

^Canada Part 3 Height of Land, Region of Northern
Quebec and Northern Ontario (except strip between Minn.

and C. P. Ry.); Southeastern Ungava and Keewatin. Also
Indian life and habits: Hudson’s Bay Co. posts. No
questions answered on trapping for profit.—S. E. Sang-
STER ("Canuck”), Box 393. Ottawa, Canada.

^Canada Part 4 Ottawa Valley and Southeastern On-
tario.—Harry M. Moore, Deseronto, Ont., Canada.
^Canada Part 5 Georgian Bay and Southern Ontario.
Also national parks.—A. D. Robinson, 115 Huron St.,
Walkerville, Ont., Canada.

  Canada Part 6 Hunters Island and English River Dis-
trict.—T. F. Phillips, Department of Science, Duluth
Central High School, Duluth, Minn.

  Canada Part 7 Yukon, British Columbia and Alberta.
Also yachting.—C. Plowden, Plowden Bay, Howe Sound,
B. C.

  Canada Part 8 The Northw. Ter. and the Arctic, especially
Ellesmere Land, Baffinland, Melville and North Devon Islands,
North Greenland and the half-explored islands west of Elles-
mere.—Patrick Lee, Tudor Hall, Elmhurst, Long Island;

  Alaska. Also mountain work.—Theodore S. Solomons,
1427 Lareta Terrace, Los Angeles, Calif.

  Western U. S. Part 1 Calif., Ore., Wash., Nev., Utah
and Ariz.—E. E. Harriman, 2303 W. 23rd St., Los Angeles,
Calif.

  Western U. S. Part 2 New Mexico. Also Indians,
Indian dances, including the snake dance.—F. H. Robin-
son, 200-202 Korber Block, Albuquerque, N. M.

  Western U. S. Part 3 Colo, and Wyo.—Frank Ear-
nest, Sugar Loaf, Colo.

  Western U. S. Part 4 Mont. and the Northern Rocky
Mountains.— Fred W. Egelston, 1029 Litch Court, Reno,
Nev.

  Western U. S. Part 5 Idaho and Surrounding Coun-
try.—R. T. Newman, P. O. Drawer 368, Anaconda, Mont.

  Western U. S. Part 6 Tex. and Okla.—J. W. White-
aker, 2903 San Gabriel St., Austin, Tex.

  Middle Western U. S. Part 1 The Dakotas, Neb.t
la., Kan. Especially early history of Missouri Valley.—
Joseph Mills Hanson, care Adventure.

 Middle Western U. S. Part 2 Mo. and Ark. Also
the Missouri Valley up to Sioux City, Iowa. Especially wilder
countries of the Ozarks, and su'amps.—John B. Thompson
("Ozark Ripley”), care Adventure.

  Middle Western U. S. Part 3 Ind., III., Mich.%
Minn., and Lake Michigan. Also clamming, natural his-
tory, legends.—John B. Thompson (“Ozark Ripley”), care
Adventure.

  Middle Western U. S. Part 4 Mississippi River.
Also routes, connections, itineraries; river-steamer and
power-boat travel; history and idiosyncrasies of the
river and its tributaries. Questions about working one’s
way should be addressed to Mr. Spears.—Geo. A. Zerr,
Vine and Hill Sts., Crafton P. O., Ingram, Pa.

  Middle Western U. S. Part 5 Lower Mississippi River.
(St. Louis down), Atchafalaya across La. swamps, St. Francis
River, Arkansas Bottoms.—Raymond S. Spears, Inglewood,
Calif.

 Middle Western U. S. Part 6 Great Lakes. Also
seamanship, navigation, courses, distances, reefs and
shoals, lights and landmarks, charts; laws, fines, penalties,
river navigation.—H. C. Gardner, 3302 Daisy Ave.,
Cleveland, Ohio.

  Eastern U. S. Part I Eastern Maine. For all territory
east of the Penobscot River.—H. B. Stanwood, East Sulli-
van, Me.

  Eastern U. S. Part 2 Western Maine. For all terri-
tory west of the Penobscot River.—Dr. G. E. Hathorne, 70
Main Street. Bangor, Me.

  Eastern U. S. Part 3 Vt., N. H., Conn., R. I. and Mass.
—Howard R. Voight, P. O. Box 1332, New Haven,
Conn.

  Eastern U. S. Part 4 Adirondacks, New York.—Ray-
mond S. Spears, Inglewood, Calif.

  Eastern U. S. Part 5 Maryland and District of Colum-
bia. Also historical places.—Lawrence Edmund Allen,
1505 C St. S. E., Washington, D. C.

  Eastern U. S. Part 6 Tenn., Ala., Miss., N. and S. C.t
Fla. and Ga. Except Tennessee River and Atlantic seaboard.
Also sawmilling, saws.—Hapsburg Liebe, care Ad-
venture.

  Eastern U. S. Part 7 Appalachian Mountains south cf
Virginia.—Paul M. Fink, Jonesboro, Tenn.

 if (Enclose addressed envelop with'International Reply Coupon for five cents.')
 (Enclose addressed envelop with International Reply Coupon for three cents.)
you can

  HEROES OF AVIATION, by Colonel Laurence
La Tourette Driggs. Published by Little, Brown
and Company, of Boston, Massachusetts, 1927.
This is a book that every reader of history should
have in his library, for it contains the records of
practically all the leading pilots of both the
Allied and German Air Forces. Intimate close
ups of the various Aces are given by word and
photographs. Perhaps the most interesting of
all the chapters is the account of Lieutenant Frank
Luke. An interesting detail of this record of air
fighting shows up the fact that although the fast
single seater fighting squadrons and pilots received
most of the glory it was the Observation pilots
and observers who suffered the greatest casualties
with the bombing pilots and bombardiers a very
close second. However, if we hadn’t had the pur-
suit squadrons to clear the sky for us very few of
us would have been alive to tell the story.—W. G.
ScHAUFFLER.

 THE FURTHER VENTURE BOOK, by Elinor
Mordaunt. The Century Co. This three hundred
page book is a classic of coral seas. The distin-
guished authoress and adventurer has caught the
spirit of the tropical empire that is the Dutch East
Indies, and the result is an absorbing and gripping
narrative. In this little known part of the world,
where human life is of little or no value, where moral-
ity is on a high plane, at least among the natives, this
courageous Englishwoman ventured alone, success-
fully overcoming seemingly impossible difficulties,
the result being The Further Venture book, a worth-
while, truthful, and masterful description of this
topsy-turvy part of the globe, which, to use the
writers’ own words is “smiling, gay, cruel and
variable.” To all those who love adventure in the
“raw” yet told in the most entertaining way, I
heartily recommend this book. It belongs in the
comparatively small library of books worth reading.
—By James Stanley Meagher.

Lost Trails

All inquiries of this sort received by us, unless containing contrary instructions, will be considered as intended for
publication in full with the inquirer’s name. We reserve the right, in case the inquirer refuses his name, to
substitute any number or other name, to reject any item that seems to us unsuitable, and in general to use our
discretion in all matters pertaining to this department. Except relatives, inquiries from one sex to the other are barred.

•THOMSON, CHARLES H—Left Vancouver, B. C.,

*	about 1899, for Shanghai, China. Friend of Col.
Baker and Mrs. Dr. Merchant. Last heard of in Shanghai,
1911. Any information concerning him will be greatly ap-
preciated by old friends. Address—B. V. Grant, Care of
Adventure.

1V/TORGAN WALTER V.—Write to your old Pal, H.

   Rogers, 132 Tioga Avenue, San Francisco, Cali-
fornia.

'"TAYLOR, FREEMAN B.—Tall, dark hair, blue eyes,
t Age 26. Disappeared from home, 93. Fulton St.,
Akron, Ohio, in July, 1925. Recent death in family and
needed at hom«. Any information will be very greatly
appreciated by his mother. Address—Mrs. W. V. Taylor,
Bon Secour Route, Foley, Alabama.

/^•ASSIDY, FRANK—Left Westminster, London, about
1881—for Buenos Aires, South America. Two of his
St. Joseph's College colleagues would like news of him. Ad-
dress—Frank A. Reynolds. “The Celtic Composer’s,”
116 St. John’s Hall, London, S. W. 11, England.

pORNELIUS, AUGUST WILLIAM—Of St. Joseph,
^ Missouri. Disappeared on March 4, 1895. Expert
carriage painter by trade. Last employed by Frank
Osborne, Maysville, Dekale Co., Mo., for about 2 years
residing at Mrs. Iden’s boarding house. 5 ft. 10 in.,
average weight, 156 lbs., blue eyes, fair complexion, bald
head, if now living is about 75 years old. His daughter is
eager to get in communication with him or learn of his
fate. Address—Mrs. Flora Smith, 6621 Hillman Avenue,
Birmingham, Alabama.	.«

DURROWS, WILLIAM J.—Left Cripple Creek about
u 20 years ago for Western Texas. Age 59- 5 ft. 5 in.
tall. Any information would be thankfully received by his
brother. Address—R. H. Burrows, Apartado 405, San
Jose, Costa Rica.

CCAGG, TIM—Chery Kee Indian. When the Indians
fc-' were driven from Kentucky and Tenn. he went to
Missouri. Received his mail at Webs Cross Roads, later
called Web Post Office. His granddaughter is anxious
to get in communication with him. Address—Mrs.
Laura Wright, No. 622, San Francisco. Calif.

D AMSEY, CHARLES E.—Machinist. Last heard of in
1 x Detroit, Michigan. Any information would be
gladly received by his mother. Address—Mrs. H. Ramsey,
22 Shore Drive, Winthrop, Mass.

“ A TTENTION!” Former members Co. “A” 12th M. G.
** B’n. Write me. Address—C. D. Kelley, Harris-
ton, Va.

W7ARREN, JACK, Jr.—Jack dear, please write or come
vv back to mother and me. We miss you and mother has
been very sick. We know you have some good reason for
your action and both forgive. Write Adventure for your
mail.—Elaine.

OACKETT, JOSEPH TERRENCE.—Last heard of in
1 1 New Orleans about 21 years ago. Was then about 23
years old, height six feet, dark brown eyes and hair. Ad-
dress—Mrs. Annie Hackett-Hammack, 2200 Gravier
Street, New Orleans, La.

R. F.—We are all for you,
loving aunts in Chicago.

George. Write your

“Old Songs that Men have Sung" appears in Alternate issues.
191
The Trail Ahead

The next issue of ADVENTURE, out October 13th

Two Complete Novelettes:

The Road Through Cheppy

By Leonard H. Nason

If the red-haired ambulance driver had not insisted on their visiting every field-kitchen in their sector
to discover what cook was dishing out the best fare, he and his pal Wally certainly would not have
gone hungry that night; nor would the colonel have sworn to high heaven that a German spy was
bombarding him with grenades; and last but not least, the red-nosed Ghost would most assuredly

have for once turned in quite sober.

Things Work Out

By Thomson Burtis

Slim Evans, the tallest, thinnest, luckiest flying officer of the Border air patrol, tells what happened
at the McMullen flight, when a storm and a smuggler crossed the Border together, just as a new
major with a reputation of being especially hard-boiled arrived to take charge of the post.

Ike The Diver’s Friend

By James Stevens

             When a crowd of gaunt, worn, hot-eyed miners packed a ton of gold-dust
             down the gangplank and gave to Seattle and the world the news of the
             fabulous strike on Bonanza Creek, Edward Matthews, Esquire, stevedore
             and philosopher, was not at all impressed. Said the little Cockney:

“Nobody kin stand prosperity. Why, if a feller like me can’t, ’oo kin?”

To which his friend Ike the Diver immediately answered, “Me!” and set
out to prove his contention.

Hellward

By Captain Dingle

             There was a scarcely plausible legend that Hellward had once worn gold
             braid and had commanded great ocean liners. Scarcely plausible, if you
             saw him as he now was—ragged, bleary-eyed, kicked about by the black
             native policemen. Even the young nurse he pulled from the shark-in-
             fested waters saw no hope for him. Till one day the cholera ship came to

the island.

And — Other Good Stories

Part IV of Old Father of Waters, a novel of old steamboating days on the
Mississippi, by Alan LeMay; Blood, a Kentucky hill-billy’s loyalty, by Fiswoode
Tarleton; What’s The Use, a humorous story of the harvest fields, by Harry G.
Huse; The Pearls of Lingay, a South Sea Island mystery, by Captain Frederick
Moore; Slow Fire, a Marine under charge of cowardice, by John Webb; Sam Sam,
how the Hill and Plain Express came through, by T. T. Flynn.

Adventure is out on the ISt and 15th of the month
182
IT’S THE YOUNGER CROWD THAT SETS THE STANDARD!

0 to the younger
crowd if you want the
right word on what to wear
or drive or smoke. And
notice, please, that the
particular cigarette they
call their own today is one
that you’ve known very
well for a very long time.
*1000

FOR TITLES TO
THIS BLACK
JACK PICTURE

   8 cash prizes will
   be paid as follows

1st Prize......$500

2nd Prize.....250

3rd Prize..... 100

4th Prize..... 50

5th to 8th Prizes

($25 each) 100

Here’s fun for every member
of the family. This picture
needs a title. Perhaps chew-
ing Blackjack and enjoying
its good old licorice flavor,
although not a condition of
this contest, will help you to
find the winning title that
fully expresses the story this
picture tells. Everybody re-
siding in the United States
or Canada is eligible Except
employees of the manufac-
turers of Black Jack Chew-
ing Gum.

•	RULES •

1: Each entry must contain
a title suggestion in 20 words
or less and the name and ad-
dress of the sender. 2: Con-
testants may submit asmany
answers as they wish. When
sending in suggested titles,
the reverse side of Black J ack
wrappers, or whi te paper cut
the size of a Black J ack wrap-
per (2^"x3"), may be used.
Use one wrapper or one
piece of paper for each title
suggested. 3: All entries
for this contest must be sent
to “Black Jack Titles”,
Dept, ii, American Chicle
Company, Long Island City,
New York, and must be in
before midnight, Oct. 25,
1927. Winners to be an-
nounced as soon thereafter
as possible. 4: Titles
must be sent first class mail,
postage prepaid. 5: Origi-
nality of thought, cleverness
of idea, and clearness of ex-
pression and neatness will
count. 6: The judges will
be a committee appointed
by the makers of Black J ack
and their decisions will be
final. Ii there are ties, each
tying contestant will be
awarded the prize tied for.

Study the picture. Think of
Black Jack’s delicious lico-
rice flavor. Then send in
your title or titles. Contest
closes at m’dnight, Oct. 25,
19-7-

Give

RBJUUSR.

picture a title. $1000 in prizes