
      EAD the AMAZING
 STORIES QUAR-
 TERLY-a magazine
 ' of fiction with a plaus-
 ible scientific background.
 Tales of other worlds —of the
 future. Adventure, romance,
 and science skillfully inter-
 woven to make a book of new,
 exciting reading-completely
 alienated from the cut and
 dried literature of the day.

 Tales by some of the world’s
 greatest writers of scienti-
 fiction. Many hours’ pleasant
 reading. Don’t miss this big
 new issue. Here are some of
 the stories that you will find
 in this edition:

 AFTER 12,000 YEARS
 By Stanton A. Coblentz
 LOCKED WORLDS
 By Edmond Hamilton
 THE CRY FROM THE ETHER
 By Aladra Septama

 These are but a fe.w of the
 many tremendously interest-
 ing tales that will entice you
 in this big new issue.

 AT ALL NEWSSTANDS
 OR WRITE DIRECT

THE COPY

   OVER 150 PAGES
FULLY ILLUSTRATED
LARGE MAGAZINE SIZE

EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, INC.

381 FOURTH AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY, N. Y.
July, 1929

AMAZING STORIES

289

MEN WHO WORK

with their HANDS . . .
Make the BEST Draftsmen

We have placed machinists,
carpenters, masons, plumbers,
railroad men, office clerks,
farmers and even laborers in
fine Drafting Jobs under this
plan. Mail coupon for de-
tails of our remarkable offer.

—and We’ll Back Them With This

GUARANTEE of a
 DRAFTING JOB and

RAISE!

"Only one other man and I,
of six taking California
State Board examination for
Architect passed. Then I
realized the thorough and
practical training given by
American School. In 18
months I have gene from
tracer to Chief Draftsman,
In charge of all architec-
tural and engineering work
in one of the oldest offices
here." R. L. WARREN,
Los Angeles, Calif.

"When I started American
School training in the
Spring of 1915 I was work-
ing 14 hours a night, seven
nights a week for $1.83 8
night. That Fall I got a
job In the Engineering
Dept, of a large firm near
here. Today 1 work 5%
days a week and my salary
Is larger than I ever
dreamed of when I began
that course in Mechanical
Drafting.” B. n. 8EA-
YEBNS, South Bend, 2nd

We are looking for more ambi-
tious young fellows with fac-
tory, building-trade or any
other kind of mechanical ex-
perience to prepare for and help place in well-paid Drafting
positions. Such men, we find, are unusually successful as
Draftsmen, because they know how things are done, and that's
a priceless asset to the man who makes the blueprint plans.
For there’s a great deal more to Drafting than mechanical
drawing” and reading blueprints. The real jobs, those paying
$50 to $100 a week, give you a chance to cash In on your entire
past mechanical experience. Get in touch with me and I’ll
tell you how.

Drafting is Logically Yonr Next Move!

Of course you realize the biggest handicap to mechanical work
is that you’re limited in earning capacity to the output of your
two hands, as long as you live. Even the skilled mechanic
earning $50 to $60 a week has reached his limit. He can never
earn more and when he gets old he will earn less. So I don’t
blame any man for wanting to get away from his futureless
outlook. For wanting to get into something where he can use
his head as well as his hands—where he will be paid for what

he knows, instead of only for what he does.......You know

enough about blueprints to understand that PLANS govern
every move in factory and construction job. The Draftsman
who makes them is several jumps ahead of the workman who
follows them. And so I want you to know that DRAFTING
is a logical, natural PROMOTION from mechanical and building
work—better-paid, more interesting—just the kind of work
you’d enjoy doing.

Get My NO-RISK Plan

The way to a fine Drafting job for you—is easier than you think. It takes
no "artistic talent” or advanced education. Thousands of men no smarter
than j’ou, with no more education or ability have learned it quickly and
you can. too. With the co-operation of some of the biggest employers
and engineers In the D. S. we have worked out a plan to prepare you for
Drafting work In your spare time at home—to actually place you in a fine
position and to raise your pay. Backed by the guarantee shown above to
refund the small cost. If we fall. Mall the coupon and I'll be glad to
tell you all about this life-time chance to get into Drafting.

THE AMERICAN SCHOOL

Pept. DB-53, Drexel Are. and SStli St., Chicago, 111.

3 DRAFTING LESSONS
ACTUALLY FREE

To Show You How Interesting and
Simple Drafting Is . . .

I wish I had the room here to tell you all about
DRAFTING—how it has become the most Impor-
tant branch of every kind of manufacturing and
construction work—how fascinating the work is—
what a fine bunch of fellows Draftsmen are. the
big salaries paid—how while Drafting Is white-
collar office work, it is closely hooked-up with
big projects and big men. All that takes a 36-
page book to tell and I'll be glad to send It to
you free, and in addition I want to send you the
first three lessons of our home-training so you can
see how you'll like the work and how simple it is
to learn. Coupon brings everything—mail it
right away.

American School, Dept. DB-53,

Drexel Ave. & 58th 8t., Chicago, III.

Please send free and without the slightest obliga-
tion 3 Drafting lessons. 36-page book about the
opportunities in Drafting and your Guarantee to
get me a Drafting Job snd a Raise.

Name ..............................

St. No............................

City........................ State.,

Age.......... Occupation...........
JULE8 VERNE’S TOMBSTONE AT AMIENS
PORTRAYING HIS IMMORTALITY

EOITORAL & GENERAL OFFICES: 381 Fourth A»a.. Ngw York City

Published by Experimenter Puublications, Inc.

Publishers of SCIENCE Sc INVENTION. RADIO NEWS,
AMAZING
STORIES QUARTERLY, YOUR BODY

                             In Our July Issue:                                                           In Our Next Issue:                              
The Book of Worlds                                                            BARTON’S ISLAND, by Harl Vincent. In his previous                           
The Superperfect Bride                                                        story, "The Seventh Generation,” Mr. Vincent just gave                      
By Bob Olsen ..........................................................300    us an inkling of what he was capable of doing witu a                        
The Flying Fool                                                               theme dealing with the future. He bases his ideas of the                    
By David H. Keller, M.D..................................... 310              future on present political and scientific trends and draws                 
Futility                                                                      a realistic picture of what may come.                                       
By Capt. S. P. Meek, USA................................. 316                 OUT OF THE VOID, by Leslie F. Stone. A serial in two                        
The Space Hermit                                                              parts (Part 1). With such inventions as permalloy and the                   
By E. Edsel Newton................................................326         strides which are made in the field of aviation, we can                     
The Desert of Ice                                                             look with less cynicism on the possibilities of interstellar                
Concluding a sequel to The English at the                                     flyers. The description of such a ship in this story is                     
North Pole                                                                    excellent and the trips and adventures had on this space-                   
By Jules Verne .......................................................... 334 fiyer are extremely fascinating.                                            
Danger                                                                        THE ETERNAL PROFESSORS, by David H. Keller, M.D.                            
By Irvin Lester and Fletcher Pratt...................... 364                  Just because one member or one part of the body becomes                     
The Purple Death                                                              incapacitated through disease, doesn’t seem sufficient reason               
By Jack Barnette ...................................................... 370   for the complete elimination of the entire body. Some                       
                                  Our Cover                                   things have been written on the subject before, but Dr.                     
this month depicts a scene in "The Desert of Ice,” by Jules                   Keller, in his well-known manner, strikes the subject                       
Verne, in which the Captain and his faithful friends an^                      definitely and with much understanding.                                     
sturdy followers to the North Pole, finally succeed in                        THE DIMENSION SEGREGATOR, by J. Harold Click.                               
blowing up the bears, who have come very near imprisoning                     Much has been written about the mysterious fourth dimen¬                    
the group in their igloo.                                                     sion, but it remains more, rather than less, mysterious.                    
                                                                              This new author’s idea about it is incontestably good. In                   
                                                                              order to learn about the 4th dimension, it is necessary to                  
                                                                              know more about the 2nd dimension. Logically it must be                     
                                                                              so. It is a good idea unusually well handled in every way.                  
                                                                              THE WAND OF CREATION, by Stanton A. Coblentz.                               
                                                                              Synthetic life might some day become an established                         
                                                                              matter---so much experimenting is being done in that field                  
                                                                              now. How desirable successful experiments in this field                     
                                                                              would prove, is another matter. And an interesting version                  
                                                                              of one dangerous possibility is excellently written into this               
                                                                              story.                                                                      
                                                                              THE GRIM INHERITANCE, by Carl Clausen. It is                                
                                                                              almost appalling when you consider the deleterious effect                   
                                                                              a minute defective ductless gland can have on the well¬                     
                                                                              being and health of an individual. The endocrine gland                      
                                                                              is particularly interesting and the author of this story has                
                                                                              aptly used it in a scientific detective story of definite                   
                                                                              merit. Crowded out of the July issue.                                       
HOW TO SUBSCRIBE TO "AMAZING STORIES." Send your name. at special reduced club rates. Send postal for club rate card. Subscrlp-                           
address and remittance to Experimentor Publications. Inc., 381 Fourth tlons start with the current Issue unless otherwise ordered.                        
Ate.. New lork City. Checks and money orders should be made payable ON EXPIRATION of your subscription we enclose a renewal blank In your                 
tolv x i >e r I men t or Publications. Inc. Mention thenameof the magazine: you last number to you. and notify you by mall. Then, unless we receive your  
twvrvt nv,na,much 83 w0 a^80 Publish RADIO NEWS, SCIENCE & order and remittance for a renewal, delivery of the magazlno Is stopped.                       
u w i fti CHANGE OP ADDRESS. Notify us as far In advance as possible, glv-                                                                                
AMAZINO STORIES QUARTERLY and YOUB BODY. Subscription! ing your old address as well as the new one to which future magazines are                          
may be made In combination with the other publications just mentioned to go. It takes several weeks to make an address change In our records.             
Tho£Zl£G 12Tn°uE IL,?UJl,nSrhedln* AMAZTNO STORIES Monthly. Entered as second class matter March 10.                                                      
TJ 8 Sd MWflsSS? S nf S 1926* b* the Post 0fflce at New Tork- N- Y * under th« act of March 3.                                                            
roln well n/U s 1879. Entered as second class matter at Jamaica, N. Y., May 3,                                                                            
Mole? 25 rents earh AU 1927- Title Registered U. S. Patent Office. Copyright. 1927, by E. P.                                                              
journal should be addressed to'EditorAM>?7TKrtRTftRTF<!«wtl Wirth Co>' Inc-- New York- The t8xt *nd Illustrations of this Magazine are                    
Are New York n y ITnaS-ent^ ' copyrighted and must not be reproduced without giving full credit to the                                                    
unless full postage is included. Publishers are not responsible for Mss. AMAZING STORIES is for sale at all newsstands In the                             
lost, although every care is taken for their safety. ALL accepted con* United States and Canada. European Agents. 8. J. Wise Et Cl#, 4#                   
tributlons are paid for on publication. Place verte, Antwerp, Belgium. Printed In U. S. A.                                                                
                                              General Advertising Dept., 381 Fourth Avenue, New York City.                                                
r

290

V
July, 1929

AMAZING STORIES

291

Always outside of
things—that’s where I
Vi as just twelve short
months ago. I just
didn’t have the cash,
that was all. No the-
atres, no parties, no
good restaurants. No
real enjoyment of life.
I was just getting by,
just existing. What
a difference today! I
drive my own car,
have a good bank ac-
count, enjoy all the
amusements I please.

ICouldn ’t Get the Good Things of Life

   Then I Quit My Job and “Found” Myself!

HOW does a man go about making more
money? If I asked myself that question
once, I asked it a hundred times!

  I know the answer now—you bet. I know
the way good money is made, and I’m mak-
ing it. Gone forever are the days of cheap
shoes, cheap clothes, walking home to save
carfare, pinching pennies to make my salary
last from one pay-day to the next one. I
own one of the finest Radio stores you ever
saw, and I get almost all the Radio service
and repair work in town. The other Radio
dealers send their hard jobs to me, so you
can see how I stand in my line.

  But—it’s just a year ago that I was a
poorly-paid clerk. I was struggling along on
a starvation salary until by accident my eyes
were opened and I saw just what was the
matter with me. Here’s the story of just how
it happened.

  One of the big moments of my life had
come. I had just popped the fatal question,
and Louise said “Yes.”

  Louise wanted to go in and tell her father
about it right away, so we did. He sort of
grunted when we told him the news, and
asked Louise to leave us alone. And my
heart began to sink as I looked at his face.

  “So you and Louise have decided to get
married,” he said to me when we were alone.

  “Well, Bill, just listen to me. I’ve watched
you often here at the house with Louise and
I think you are a pretty good, upstanding
young fellow. I knew your father and
mother, and you’ve always had a good
reputation here, too. But let me ask you just
one question—how much money do you
make?”

  “Twenty-eight a week,” I told him.

  He didn’t say a word—just wrote it down
on a piece of paper.

  “Have you any prospects of a better job
or a good raise some time soon?” he asked.

   “No, sir; I can’t honestly say that I have,”
 I admitted. “I’m looking for something
 better all the time, though.”

  “Looking, eh? How do you go about it?”
  Well, that question stopped me.

  How did I? I was willing to take a better
job if I saw the chance all right, but I
certainly had laid no plans to make such a
job for myself. When he saw my confusion
he grunted. “I thought so,” he said, then he

Please s a

held up some figures he’d been scribbling at.

  “I’ve just been figuring out your family
budget, Bill, for a salary of twenty-eight a
week. I’ve figured it several ways, so you
can take your pick of the one you like best.
Here’s Budget No. 1: I figure you can afford
a very small unfurnished apartment, make
your payments on enough plain, inexpensive
furniture to fix such an apartment up, pay
your electricity, gas and water bills, buy just
about one modest outfit of clothes for both
of you once a year, and save three dollars a
week for sickness, insurance, and emergen-
cies. But you can’t eat. And you’ll have to
go without amusements until you can get a
good substantial raise in salary.”

  I began to turn red as fire.

  “That budget isn’t so good after all,” he
said, glancing at me; “maybe Budget No. 2
will sound better-”

  “That’s enough, Mr. Sullivan,” I said.
“Have a heart. I can see things pretty
clearly now; things I was kidding myself
about before. Let me go home and think
this over.” And home I went, my mind in
a whirl.

  At home I turned the problem over and
over in ray mind. I’d popped the question
at Louise on impulse, without thinking it
out. Everything Mr. Sullivan had said was
gospel truth. I couldn’t see anything to do,
any way to turn. But I had to have more
money.

  I began to thumb the pages of a magazine
which lay on the table beside me. Suddenly
an advertisement seemed almost to leap out
at my eyes, an advertisement telling of big
opportunities for trained men to succeed in
the great new Radio field. With the adver-
tisement was a coupon offering a big free
book full of information. I sent the coupon
in, and in a few days received a handsome
64-page book, printed in two colors, telling all
about the opportunities in the Radio field and
how a man can prepare quickly and easily
at home to take advantage of these opportu-
nities. I read the book carefully, and when
I finished it I made my decision.

  What’s happened in the twelve months since
that day seems almost like a dream to me
now. For ten of those twelve months I’ve had
a Radio business of my own! At first, of
course, I started It as a little proposition on
the side, under the guidance of the National

 you saw it in AMAZING

Radio Institute, the institution that cave me
my Radio training. It wasn’t long before I
was getting so much to do in the Radio line
that I quit my measly little clerical job, and
devoted my full time to my Radio business.

   Since that time I've gone right on up, al-
ways under the watchful guidance of my
friends at the National Radio Institute. Thev
would have given me Just as much help, too,
if I had wanted to follow some other line of
Radio besides building my own retail busi-
ness, such as broadcasting, manufacturing, ex-
perimenting, sea operating, or any one of the
score of lines they prepare you for. And to
think that until that day I sent for their eye-
opening book, I’d been wailing “I never had
a chance!”

  Now I’m making real money. Louise and I
nave been married six months, and there
wasn’t any kidding about budgets by Mr.
Sullivan when we stepped off, either. I’ll bet
that today I make more money than the old
boy himself.

  Here’s a real tip. You may not be as bad
pff as I was. But, think it over—are you sat-
isfied? Are you making enough money, at
work that you like? Would you sign a con-
tract to stay where you are now for the next
ten years, making the same money? If not,
you d better be doing something about It in-
stead of drifting.

   This new Radio came is a llve-wire field of
golden rewards. The work, in any of the
2p different lines of Radio, is fascinating, ab-
sorbing, well paid. The National Radio Insti-
tute— oldest and largest Radio liome-studv
school in the world—will train you inexpen-
sively In your own home to know Radio from
A to Z and to increase your earnings in the
Radio field.

  Take another tip—no matter what vour
plans are, no matter how much or how little
you know about Radio—clip the coupon below
and look their free book over. It is filled with
interesting facts, figures, and photos, and the
information it will give you is worth a few
minutes of anybody’s time. You will place
yourself under no obligation—the book is free,
and is gladly sent to anyone who wants to
know about Radio. Just address J. E. Smith,
President, National Radio Institute, Dept.
9-TT, Washington, D. C.

I J. E. SMITH, President.

I National Radio InHtitute,
j Dept. »-TT, Washington. D. 0.

| Dear Mr. Smith:

   Please send me your 64-page free book, printed In j
| two color*, giving all information about tbe opportunl- !

Ities in Radio and how I can leam quickly and easily I
at home to take advantage of them. I understand this i
I request places me under no obligation, and that no I
| salesmen will call on me.

j Name .............................................. I
292	AMAZING STORIES	July, 1929

                "Smith stepped into the room. For the first time in his life he was face to face with Jerome
           Cardan.

                “ ‘Expected you several years sooner,’ said Cardan. ‘Sit down.’

                ‘‘‘I will try to be quicker in the killing business,’ returned Smith. ‘In the meantime, what do
           * you think of Blavatsky’s “Secret Doctrine”?’

                “ ‘It is the only complete book of real knowledge in the English language,’ came the emphatic
           answer.

                “ ‘You are almost as fantastic as your namesake, Jerome Cardan, the Italian savant who died
           in Home in 1576/ remarked Smith, lazily rolling another cigarette.

               ‘‘Cardan spoke as if he were addressing a child. ‘I am the Italian savant who died in Rome
          in 1576,’ he stated. ‘It was because my treatise “De Subtilitate” was so little understood that I
          ceased to be a follower of Vishnu and entered the service of Siva.’ ’’

WHAT is this? This amazing extract from an amazing story.

It’s only an excerpt from a thrilling Murder Mystery by R. T. M. Scott, who
gives us another adventure of that intriguing character, Aurelius Smith, in the

 Complete Detective Novel Magazine

FOR JULY

   Complete Detective Novel Magazine is the new, interesting, and thrill-producing big
brother-in-law of AMAZING STORIES, which each month contains the best full book-length
detective novel available. The magazine which each month contains a complete $2.00 novel, as
well as several short stories, for only 25c.

NOVEL MAGAZINE CORP.

381 FOURTH AVENUE
NEW YORK

   Look for the Complete Detective Novel Magazine 1
| on your newsstand or use the convenient coupon below {
| and save money.	•

J Novel Magazine Corporation	AS-JY

   381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

   I like to read my detective stories at one reading—

I so send COMPLETE DETECTIVE NOVEL MAGA-
I ZINE to my address for—

                   4 months for $1.00
                   12 months for 3.00
                   24 months for 5.00

Name...

 Address.

j City................................State.
psnHs

THE
MAGAZINE
OF

SCIENTIFICTION

                          ARTHUR H. LYNCH, Editorial Director
DR. T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D., Associate Editor	MIRIAM BOURNE, Associate Editor

  C. A. BRANDT, Literary Editor
  Editorial and General Offices: 381 Fourth Avenue, New York, N. Y.

Extravagant Fiction Today.........Cold Fact To-morrow

Appreciation of the Common

  By T. O’CONOR SLOANE, Ph.D.

HE essence of life is in appreciation and appre-
ciation applies to all that is going on about us.
It should take the form almost of astonishment.
A locomotive engine, dragging its great train of
Pullmans across the country, sends a thrill
through the observer, if he is in any degree
appreciative, although he may know that it is
bad engineering from the standpoint of efficiency. The accelera-
tion of a heavy electric train, which in a few seconds goes from
rest up to forty or fifty miles an hour, is seen every day in
the subway by crowds of people, who are very much more
anxious to get home or to their offices, than they are to notice
this wonderful exhibition of power. The writer once excited
emotion, perhaps unpleasantly, in an acquaintance, by saying
that he was astonished every time he crossed the river in a
ferry-boat. But to one who has sailed on the same river in
a twenty-foot catboat, and has struggled against a head-sea,
close-hauled, the ferry-boat majestically driving through every-
thing as if waves were unknown and heavy seas were null,
is a wonder. The way the boat is built; the steel plates with
what may be termed hermetic joints held together by rivets
heated up nearly white-hot, and headed while hot so that their
shrinkage operates to tighten the joints, the steel frame, its
members bent accurately into shape, stiffening the hull, and
the perfectly working, thought uneconomical steam-engine driv-
ing the screws, one at the bow and one at the stern, its width
four times or more the length of the little sail-boat; if this
is rightly considered, it is a miracle of engineering. It is none
the less a miracle, because something better is imminent—
namely, the internal combustion engine.

  It is the very idea of amazement, which appears as the
basis of a play which has excited some interest in the literary
and theatrical circles. The hero in this play adopts electricity
and the dynamo as his gods, and in the end is killed by the
very dynamo which he almost worships. The same idea, inci-
dentally, was used by H. G. Wells in his story, “Lord of the
Dynamos,” which appeared in a recent issue of Amazing
Stories.	r

  This brings us once more to the appropriateness of the name
of the magazine. Viewed from this standpoint, Amazing
Stories seems singularly well named. The stories in it give
the development of the past and present of science and its
possible future development. In many cases stories of this
type might rank as impossibilities. But what has been done in
the last fifteen years in the way of scientific progress teaches
us to be very slow to pronounce an unachieved advance in

science or an excursion into the distant future, to be an embodi-
ment of impossibilities.

  Imagination plays a large part in scientific investigation and
discovery. Astonishment waits upon the announcement of great
scientific work, inventions and discoveries. Familiarity with
the great things that have been done, in the properly organized
scientific mind, breeds no contempt. The ferry-boat in the
Golden Gate of San Francisco or on the Hudson River of
New York, embodies in its construction and action wonders
enough to supply material for an epic poem. The locomotive
with several hundreds pounds pressure on every square inch
of its boiler surface, and delivering a great part of this pres-
sure into the cylinders back of the pistons, with its train of
cars undre perfect control by its airbrakes, is a wonderful
object and of a type which never ceases to be wonderful.

  And so we go down the line and find wonders everywhere.
At one end the enormous mechanical and electrical develop-
ments, and at the other end the work done by almost infini-
tesimal electricity in the telephone and radio, and from the
standpoint of efficiency, we have the marvelous animal system,
doing so much work on so few calories—one who ceases to
admire and to be thrilled with all this, is losing the best source
of astonishment.

  Men in perfect physical condition can do their work on a
very small ration of food. Imagine feeding a boiler with
what animals devour. What poor fuel it would be. Yet it
is perfectly adequate for animal life. Eight men are taken
as approximately representing a horse-power. What would
a steam engineer think if you gave him the food consumed by
these men in a day, and told him to develop one horse-power
in a steam engine for a day with such fuel?

  If we seek for economy in lighting, we must go to the fire-
flies of these latitudes, which are really little beetles, or to the
larger Cucujos of South America. Investigators for years
have been endeavoring to duplicate what these insects do,
striving to find cold Tight, but so far without the slightest
practical success. The animal system tells us what we should
aim at doing, but no one knows how to do it.

  We must let no good authors’ conception of the future be
too astonishing to be accepted, at least as possibilities, we must
not hesitate to appreciate the poetry of science, and its romance.
Authors should be given a free rein in using their imaginations.
If they fire the souls of their readers, some of these may he
led to do great work in the scientific and engineering field.

293
■The BOOK of WORLDS

'Ey Dr. Mile$ J. Breuer

Author of: “Buried Treasure,” “The Stone Cat,” etc.

              psychiatrists, Professor Cosgrave’s case
is a striking study in the compensatory psy-
chosis. He perches on the edge of his bed
in a private sanitarium for mental diseases,
and coos and twitters and waves a wreath
of twigs in his lips. Whether he will ever recover his
sanity or not is problematical. Whether anyone else
will ever be able to understand and use his hyper-ste-
reoscope is also problematical. And whether, if it were
figured out, anyone would ever have the courage to use
it, in the face of what happened to Professor Cos-
grave, is still further remote in the realms of doubt
and conjecture.

  I have repeated the story for medical men so many
times, that I am beginning to see a sort of logical
sequence in things that at first utterly bewildered me.
As Professor Cosgrave’s chief assistant, I was un-
doubtedly closer to him and knew more about his work
and about the mechanism of his tragic fate, than anyone
else. The physicists who merely went over his ap-
paratus and equations and did not know the man, did
not grasp the significance of what happened, as did I,
who lived and worked with him every day and many a
night.

  Yes, the thing begins to look logical to me now,
after it has been on my mind constantly for several
months. As no one else has been able to understand
exactly what happened, I ought to do my best to render
a consecutive account of events.

PROFESSOR HEMINGFORD COSGRAVE was
the most highly civilized man I have ever known.
If mankind is in truth be-
coming more civilized as
time goes on, then it is fol-
lowing in the footsteps of
such advanced and refined
examples of human prog-
ress as was my late superior
in the School of Physics.

He was a small, delicate-
iooking man, with classical
Greek features; with very
little physical strength but
with infinite physical en-
durance. To spend day and night in his laboratory
for a week on end seemed to produce no deleterious
effects upon him.

  When I extol the rare combination of mathematical
genius and experimental ability of this man, so well
known, I am wasting my breath. But the world does
not know so much about his other exquisitely subtle
mental sensibilities. He was a poet and an artist; he
saw all the beauty in Cosmos with a wondering eye.
And he was as gently sympathetic as a woman. The

reports of famine victims suffering in China disturbed
him at his experiments. His student-assistants would
conspire to guard him against the visits of the old Sal-
vation Army Captain, who more than once lured him
away from his desk, with the tale of some woman or
child in distress. He was the last man in the world to
be permitted to witness the horrors, that he said he
saw.

  A little over two years ago, he and I were planning
together a demonstration for his class in Quadrics. We
had considered making models of some of the solids,
with whose equations the class was working; but the
time and labor involved in this was almost out of
question under the circumstances. I suggested that
the Mathematics Department of the University of Chi-
cago had all of these models already made. We solved
the problem by my going to Chicago and photographing
these models with a stereoscopic camera. The prints of
the strangely shaped solids, viewed in a stereoscope,
were quite as satisfactory for class purposes as would
have been the models.

  I had brought the pile of cards to Professor Cos-
grave for approval. He had run through three or four
of them, and seemed quite pleased. Suddenly he laid
them down and stared at me.

  “Do you know what just struck me?” he asked in a
queer tone.

  I shook my head.

  “You know what I’m working on?” he asked.

  “You mean your Expansion Equations—?”

  “Popularly called the Fourth Dimension.” He
smiled at the thought. “And you know what I’ve be-
gun to suspect about it, es-
pecially since the experi-
ment with the gyroscope ?”
“Yes, I do—though it’s
hard for me to grasp that
there really might be an-
other dimension. I’ve always
considered the fourth di-
mension a mathematical ab-
straction.”

  “No abstraction.”

  He said it as one might
say, two and two make four.
Really something here. Do you see the connection
now ?” He shook the stereoscope at me.

  I shook my head. I felt helpless. His mind was
always far ahead of mine. He explained:

  “This instrument takes a two-dimensional figure on a
flat plane and builds it up so that the brain sees it as a
three-dimensional solid in space!”

HE waited for me to grasp his idea, which I still
failed to do. He smiled indulgently.

  "If the fourth dimension is really a dimension and

 rHE APPENDIX AND THE SPECTACLES" and
 "The Captured Cross-Section,” both by Dr. Breuer,
 brought in a considerable amount of comment. This is
 the third story in that series. Although it can easily stand
 on its own merit, this series assumes added interest when
 we read Dr. Brcuer’s reason for writing these stories. We
 quote him: "... which I wrote largely because I didn’t
 like Mr. Olsen’s treatment of the subject of the fourth di-
 mension." This ought to furnish plenty of new material
 for the “Discussions" columns, unless we miss our guess.

294
            On the following day I had no classes, and I hurried to his laboratory. He was already there, spinning dials feverishly, and
            then bending over the leases. He had an unusual, nervous air about him. "Destructive rays I" he said, as I came in. “Deadly

 gases. Diabolical inventiveness."

295
296

AMAZING STORIES

not a mathematical abstraction—” he smiled confiden-
tially as he emphasized the if; “can we not build a hy-
per-stereoscopic instrument which will build up a three-
dimensional model of a fourth-dimensional object into
an image perceptible to the brain in its true four-dimen-
sional form?’

  I continued to stare blankly from him to the stereo-
scope and back again.

  “As a matter of fact,” he continued; “our three-
dimensional world is merely a cross-section cut by
what we know as space out of the Cosmos that exists
in four or more dimensions. Our three-dimensional
world bears the same relation to the true status of
affairs as do these flat photographs to the models that
you photographed. Surely you can grasp that from our
equations ?”

  “Yes,” I assented eagerly, glad to find familiar
ground to rest my feet on; “just as the present time is
a cross-section of infinity cut by a moving space-sector
whose motion is irreversible; it moves in one direction
only.”

  He beamed at me for that. Then in silence he finished
looking over the geometrical stereograms and handed
them to me.

  He spent six months working out his idea on paper.
He did not discuss his plans with me very much; but
he did give me sections of the problems to work out.
For instance, he asked me to work out the equations
for the projection of a tesseracoid:

CiW1 + c2x* + c3y* + ctsl = k*

from eight different directions, each opposing pair of
right angles to the other three pairs. Most of the prob-
lems he gave me were projection problems; but beyond
that I could not grasp the drift of his work.

  Then he spent a year in experimental work. As I
am a mathematician and not a laboratory man, I had
less to do with the actual construction of the hyperster-
eoscope. But even there I helped. I worked at the
refractive indices of crystals that he made in an elec-
tric furnace; and I worked out the mathematics of a
very ingenious instrument for integrating light rays
from two directions into one composite beam.

  Apparently the thing was a complex job. Profes-
sor Cosgrave spent three weeks in the research labora-
tory of the Mechanical Engineering Department. He
went to Chicago and remained there for a couple of
months, leaving as his address the Psychology Depart-
ment of the Chicago University. One day he an-
nounced to me calmly that the hyperstereoscope was
finished.

  “May I look?” I asked eagerly, expecting to be
able to see out into the fourth dimension.

  The instrument was pointed out of the window at
the campus. It had three telescopes arranged in the
form of a triangular parallelepiped. One end of the
room was full of apparatus, electron tubes and photo-
electric cells, a scanning disk, and tangles of wire
strung between boxes and cabinets faced with dials and
meters. At a small table there were two oculars to
look into. I put my eyes to them.

It made me dizzy. It looked like rolling vapors—

dense, heavy vapors, and boiling clouds, rolling and
turmoiling swiftly and dizzily. It looked vibrant with
heat. Through a rift here and there I got glimpses
of a glowing liquid, like the white-hot metal in a foun-
dry coming from the ladle. There were boiling, bub-
bling lakes of it. I shrank away from the instrument.

  “What is it?” I gasped.

  “I’m not sure,” returned Professor Cosgrave. “Pro-
longed observation and correlation of observed data
will be necessary before we can explain what we see.”

  He was whirling dials rapidly. I looked again.
There were vapors, but they were thin spirals and
wisps. Mostly there were bare, smoking rocks. There
was a bleak, insufferably dreary stretch of them, ex-
tending on into the infinite distance. It looked hot.
It was infinitely depressing. I didn’t like it.

I STOOD for a long time behind Professor Cos-
grave, as he sat at one little table with his eyes to
the oculars of the instrument and twiddled the dials.
I was about to turn around and slip out of the room
and leave him to play with it alone, when he sat up
suddenly. A new idea had struck him.

  “Beyond a doubt these places that we see are regions
of some sort, not in our ‘space’ at all, or else infinitely
far away. But, in the direction of the fourth dimen-
sion they are quite near us. Just as if you are in a
window on the top story qf a skyscraper office building
and a dozen feet away is a man in the window of an
adjacent building. To your three-dimensional vision
he is quite near you. But to your body, whose motion
is confined to two-dimensional surfaces, your friend
is a long distance away. To your touch, instead of a
dozen feet away he is a quarter of a mile away; that
is how far you have to travel before you can reach
him.

  “Or, if I make a mark at each end of this sheet
of paper and then bend the sheet double, from a three-
dimensional standpoint the marks are a millimeter
apart. But from a two-dimensional standpoint they
are thirty centimeters apart.

  “This stereoscope sees across, in the same way, to
some other universe.”

  He shook his head.

  “My analogies are poor. It is a difficult idea to
express. But look!”

  I went to the eye-pieces. There was water. It was
endless. Just water. It swelled and rolled and pul-
sated. A swing of the telescopes over at the window
brought into view some black rocks. Over the rocks
was slime. A slime that flowed and rounded itself
into worm-like forms. It was hideous. I left the
gloating Professor Cosgrave and hurried away.

  After that, as my recollection serves, things moved
rapidly. I saw him a couple of days later at his
stereoscope.

  “I have it!” he said elatedly when he saw me. I
hastened to look into the instrument.

  “No!” he exclaimed, pulling me away. “I mean an
analogy. Like points on the leaves of a book. You
see ?”

  I nodded. He continued.
THE BOOK OB! WORLDS

297

  “Points on the adjacent leaves of a book are far
apart, considered two-dimensionally. But, with the
book closed, and to a three-dimensional perception
which can see across from one page to another, the
two points are very near together. You see?”

  I nodded again.

  “Now look!”

  I saw a dense swamp, among huge trees with broad,
rich green leaves. Gigantic saurians stalked about and
splashed hugely.

  “It is like a story of evolution,” I couldn’t help
remarking.

  He nodded in satisfaction and mused on:

  "Each of these must be a separate and distinct world.
I can go back and forth, among them at will. It is not
a continuous story. There are steps. Definite jumps.
Nothing between. I can see any one of them at any
time. Like the leaves of a book!”

  I looked again. The professor had not touched the
setting and the scene was exactly the same. A huge
saurian was devouring some living creature from the
water. The water was threshed into a pink foam, and
light-red blood was splashed over the green foliage.
The professor was talking:

  “What we see is worlds or universes arranged side
by side in the fourth dimension. Like leaves in a book.
' “Heavens! What an encyclopedia!”

“I see,” I said slowly, not sure that I really did.
“Like serial sections cut in a microtome.”
“Comparable. But not really sections. Separate
worlds. Three-dimensional worlds like our own. Side
by side, each of them one page ahead of the preceding.
Three-dimensional leaves in a four-dimensional book.”
It was a little difficult to grasp. I thought a while.
“I’d like to have Carver of Purdue see this,” I said.
“Do you remember his article in the Scientific Monthly
about your four-space equations? It was almost per-
sonal. Ill-becoming to a scientific man. I’d give my
shirt to see his face when he sees this. Let’s bring
him down.”

  Professor Cosgrave shook his head.

  “What object can there be in causing the man any
unpleasant feeling? The world holds enough unpleas-
ant situations without our multiplying them. I shall
break the news to him pleasantly when the opportunity
presents itself.”

  That was typical of Professor Cosgrave. That is
just how considerate and sympathetic he always was.
Always he was trying to spare other people unpleas-
antness or discomfort. The man was wasted on our
present-day selfish and discourteous age. He ought to
have been born into some future Utopia.

WHAT would he do now? I wondered. There
was obviously a vast number of worlds to ob-
serve. It would take a lifetime to have a good look
at each one of them. Would he spend his time on
satisfying his curiosity and turn his back on mathe-
matical physics? He still had numerous important
problems ahead of him in the latter field. He was
barely started on his career as a mathematical physicist,
yet the world was expecting great things of him.

  However, for the present there was apparently one
phase of the purely observational pursuit for him.

  “The ‘leaves’ in this book seem to be arranged in
absolutely orderly succession,” he said. “By chance
I began at the end where the evolutionary development
was lowest. By swinging my visual field through the
unknown dimension in one direction, I can see the
worlds in succession, each a little further evolved than
the preceding. Now, I’m a physicist, and cannot af-
ford to waste much time in gratifying idle curiosity.
But, I must spend a few days or weeks in following
out this evolutionary series before I turn it over to
some biologist. This is too much of a temptation
for any kind of a scientific man.”

  For several days I would come into the room and
see him there with his eyes glued to the oculars, too
absorbed even to notice my entrance. His attitude
was one of tense and motionless concentration. I
would steal out again, loth to disturb him. Once I
came in and noted that he was trembling violently all
over as he gazed into the machine. A couple of days
later I found him in the same position, as though he
had not moved since I had been there last. His whole
body was set and rigid. I was alarmed at the way he
looked. I stepped closer; his jaw was set and his
breathing was shallow.

  I felt concerned about him, and I made a sound to
attract his attention. He started suddenly and leaped
to his feet, and turned to me a face that was white with
horror.

  “I’ve been a student!” he gasped. “A scientific man.
I never stopped to realize that men were like that.”
He sank into a chair, his hands on his knees, his head
drooped.

  I looked into the stereoscope. This time there were
men. An army stood drawn up, with shining helmets
and fluttering pennants, extending far into the dim
distance. The foreground was red and active; every-
thing was splattered with blood; men were swinging
swords. There were rows of captives and men cutting
their heads off. I watched only a second before I re-
coiled, but saw a dozen heads roll on the ground and
fountains of blood gush over victims and executioners
alike.

  “You have no business looking at that!” I exclaimed.

  It was incongruous. This delicately organized, un-
selfish, tender-hearted man to be spending his days
gazing at those things.

  “It’s been that way from the beginning,” he whis-
pered, shuddering. “Ever since rudimentary humans
appeared in the series . . . war, brutality, cruelty,
wanton killing of people . . .”

  But I couldn’t keep him away from the thing. He
called me to it and explained:

  “As far as I can understand this, I am swinging the
field of view through an arc in a dimension that ex-
tends at right angles to the three known dimensions.
At intervals I see a world. In between there is nothing.
The swing is accomplished by changing the intensity
of the electrical field through crystals of this zirconium
compound, which alters their refractivity.

  “I am going steadily down my scale toward zero.
298

AMAZING STORIES

The worlds are getting further and further advanced
in the scale of evolution. I can see it clearly now.”

  In a moment he was back at the instrument, com-
pletely absorbed, and oblivious of me. I was wor-
ried about him. I came in daily to watch him, and
many a time I came and went without his having been
conscious of my presence. There was something
wrong about the thing; the intense absorption of a man
of his sympathetic type in scenes of inhumanity such
as I had seen. One day when I opened the door, he
was facing it, waiting for me.

  “I am nearly at zero. Look! A world much like
ours.”

  In the lenses I saw the buildings of a city, rather
odd, but for all the world suggesting London or Paris;
swarming crowds of people, hurrying vehicles. It was
quite like our world, but just enough different so that
I was sure it was not our world.

  Professor Cosgrave was pale and agitated.

ccl\/f AN’S inhumanity to man!” he moaned. “It

  IVJ. would drive me distracted, were there not one
hope. Just now, in that fair city, I watched a mob
drag men and women through the streets and stick
their bodies up on poles on a bridge; and blood dripped
into the river.

  “But, step by step, there is more intellect, more ma-
terial progress. There is hope that man will eventu-
ally develop intelligence enough to stop his senseless
and cruel fighting, and learn cooperation and altruism.
Each of these worlds seems to bring us a little nearer
to that.”

  He called my attention as he turned his dials to
zero, and looked into the instrument. He turned to
me with a queer smile.

  “Look!”

  I applied my eye again. There was the campus and
athletic field, the gravel drives and the men’s dormi-
tory. Through the stereoscope or through the window,
I got the same view.

  “At zero we see our own ‘plane’ of the unknown di-
mension. Our page in the book. You see?”

  “Now what?” I asked.

  “Now negative potential values. Now to see the
pages ahead of us in the book. Worlds further evolved
than ours. The future! Up to the limits of the in-
ductance of my coils!”

  His eyes glowed and his breath came fast.

  “The future!” he whispered as he bent over the
oculars and carefully turned his dials. “In the future
lies mail’s hope. In intelligence and science!”

  Again he sat in motionless absorption. Occasion-
ally he touched a dial or whispered to himself. Finally,
as he said not a word for a half an hour, I tiptoed
out.

  The next day I found him staringly expecting my
arrival with wide-open eyes, like a man with exoph-
thalmic goiter.

  “I don’t know what makes me go on with this!” he
gasped. “Men are beasts. Hopeless. They never will
be anything else. Twenty airplanes went over a city
dropping bombs. Swept it away. It is burning now.

In one place I saw through the smoke a small child
hemmed in a courtyard by flames. A city as grand as
Chicago. A sea of smoke and flame.” He sat with
his head bowed in his hands.

  I didn’t know what to say. He seemed utterly
crushed; I could not rouse him. Finally I led him out
of the room, got him in my car, and took him home.
I pondered on how I might get him away from that
machine for a while.

  But the next day he was back again at the machine.
I had classes uptil four o’clock that afternoon. Then
I hurried into the laboratory. I found a changed man.

  He was stern and determined. This rather relieved
me; for I had been worried about his hopeless depres-
sion, and I did not realize what was taking place in the
man. It seemed to me then that he had shaken off
the depression and had determined to do something
about the situation of war and humanity.

  “Here is a world thousands of years ahead of ours,”
he related. “Humanity crowds it densely beyond our
conception. Thank God, it is another world some-
where else, and not ours. People have not risen an
inch from bestiality in millenia. No—stay away from
it; I can’t permit you to witness such horrors. Men
and women soldiers piled up in mangled, bloody heaps
as high as the Capitol Building. Each belch of that
machine kills a thousand more—stay away!

“It is not our world. We can still save our world
from that. We start today, Harlan, you and I, to
prevent such things from happening in our world.”
“We’ve got to stop it!” he said again. But he sat
and stared into the instrument.

  I was puzzled and not a little alarmed. The sudden,
stern determination of the gentle little man fitted him
most strangely. I would have thought him play-acting
for my benefit, had he not looked most terribly grim.
Anyway, I was relieved to see that terrible depression
had left him, and that he had got hold of himself.
That is what I thought then.

  He permitted me to lead him out again, and I took
him home. He kept saying with grim determination:
“Not to our human race; We won’t let it happen!”
On the following day I had no classes, and I called
for him at him home early in the morning. He had
already left. I hurried to his laboratory. He was al-
ready there, spinning dials feverishly, and then bend-
ing over the lenses. He had an unusual, nervous air
about him.

  “Destructive rays!” he said to me as I came in, but
without looking away from the oculars. “Wither up
a thousand people like snowflakes in a chimney-blast.
Terrific explosives. Deadly gases. Bombs filled with
disease germs. Diabolical inventiveness.”

  He whirled around and faced me.

  “Everything indicates that our world is part of this
scheme. It is going the same way. It will be what
this is. We must stop it.”

HE stood up in the middle of the room and talked,
and I took the opportunity to peer into the lenses.
I saw a dead world. Wreckage. Ashes. Explosion
holes. Disintegrating bodies. Nowhere a movement
TQE BOOK OF WORLDS

299

Even vegetable life had withered. There was a pile
of bombs ready to fire beside a huge gun and a gunner
lay dead beside them.

There was a queer declamatory quality to the speech
that Professor Cosgrave was making. He said queer,
silly things about Universal Peace. And yet I didn’t
suspect.

Only the next morning when I came in, it dawned on
me. He was perched on a tall stool, with a wreath of
twigs in his lips. As I came in, he put the wreath
around his neck, and sang in a high key:

      “I am the Dove of Peace.

      Listen to me: All men are brothers.

      There shall be no more war.

      I shall spread my wings over the world.

      I am the Dove of Peace.”

 Tears sprang to my eyes as the truth suddenly
dawned upon me. I gulped as I hurried to another
room to telephone. Poor Professor Cosgrave!

  Then, as they led him out, I looked into the lenses.
There was a rugged stretch, smooth, gently undulating
holes and hummocks as far as the eye could reach,
covered with a slimy, disgusting fungus growth. Here
and there the fungus covered a ragged shape suggest-
ing the ruined wall of a building. There was no change
in this scene during the four days before the machine’s
batteries ran down (for I did not know how to shut
it off). Now, no one knows how to operate it.

  Professor Cosgrave knows me. He is always glad
to see me at at his room at the sanitarium. But he
talks to me only about Universal Brotherhood and
about my duty to save mankind from strife and blood-
shed. And he flaps his arms like wings and coos.

        THE END.

After 12,000 Years

By Stanton A. Coblentz

TffHAT will our world be like 12,000 years from
_ now? Judging by llie strides that we are now
making in the fields of science and mechanics, it is well
nigh impossible to foretell what the ivorld will be like
even 1200 years hence. The standardizing of life which
seems to be going on apace now—for business efficiency
and military prowess—ivould seem to indicate an age of
the highest sort of specialized development. Should we
examine more closely the idea of specialization in various
fields of endeavor, we might discern a striking similarity
between our organization and—according to eminent
authorities on the subject—the highly organized develop-
ment of the ants, for instance. Do we not seem to be
working toward an extremely specialized organization?

Mr. Coblentz, author of "The Sunken World" seems
to have a genius for showing us up to ourselves, in a

      This story is published in the Spring
      Now on sale at

 most casual and incidental manner, you sometimes
 wonder whether he is conscious of poking fun at us, all
 the time quietly laughing to himself, or whether he is
 drawing a true picture, showing us shorn of all trim-
 mings, such as rationalisations and our high-sounding
 ideals, without himself realizing that he is doing it.

   If we were suddenly projected into the year 13,929,
 what should we be likely to find? It is always inter-
 esting to allow our imagination* to roam into the distant
 future. Our well-known author allows his imagination
 free rein, though he adheres pretty strictly to scientific
 facts, and builds on modern tendencies. He gives us his
 ideas in a realistic and subtly satirical manner, which
 makes this story even more absorbingly interesting than
 "The Sunken World."

 Edition of Amazing Stories Quarterly
 all newsstands

Locked Worlds

By Edmond Hamilton

    HIS time our author, who is no longer a stranger
-* to Amazing Stories readers, presents a most unique
and original story. It fairly bristles with the fourth
dimension, foreign worlds, adventure and excitement
throughout.

As an experiment in evolution, Mr. Hamilton presents
us with a number of original ideas which are not so
preposterous as they may seem at first blush. Humanity,
during untold thousands of years, has domesticated a
great many animals, from the horse down to the cat, all

This story is published in the Spring

Now on sale at

 of whom at one time were wild and more or less fero-
 cious. Even insects have been trained to perform amaz-
 ing feats, so the author’s ideas unit not appear quite so
 far-fetched in the light of what has happened before in
 human progress.

   We know you will enjoy this story, and we know it
 will cause endless discussion and comment from our
 readers, as was the case with the author’s other story,
 “The Comet Doom.” We look forward with much inter-
 est to our readers’ reaction to “Locked Worlds."

 Edition of Amazing Stories Quarterly
 all newsstands

t
■Me SUPERPERFECT BRIDE

Hy Bob Olsen

Author of: “Four Dimensional Robberies,” “Four Dimensional Surgery,” etc.

|OW would you like to marry a woman who
is absolutely perfect in face and form?”
asked Doctor Goddard.

“Is there such a woman?” Broderick
doubted.

  “Judge for yourself.” He pressed a button; and,
as if operated by the invisible hands of spirits, the
green curtains at the end of the room parted and
swayed open.

  Astounded beyond measure by the unexpected sight
which met his eyes, Broderick sat for a moment of
pulseless rapture; then, a sudden throbbing of arteries,
he leaned forward, his eyes bound as if by invisible
wires to the female form which the open curtain had
disclosed.

  She was nude, and yet not naked, since the heavy
profusion of lustrous yellow hair, which fell to her
knees, clothed her in a garment more modest than a
bathing suit.

  Held as if by some mesmeric power, Broderick re-
mained seated until the curtains mysteriously and
silently fell together. Then he rose to his feet, and,
with the steps of a somnambulist, faltered toward
Goddard.

  “Open the curtains again, please! I didn’t have time
—Oh, please let me see her again. Won’t you let me
push the button myself?”

  “Go ahead, but don’t blame me for what happens.”
At Broderick’s touch the
green curtains again swayed	v;

open. A cry of disappoint-
ment escaped from his lips
—the alcove beyond was
empty.

“Be patient, importunate
youth,” Goddard interposed.

“You shall see her again in
half an hour. Perhaps you
may even be permitted to
kiss her hand. Only give
her time to dress. And now
about the answer to your
question ? Do you think

there is such a thing as a ...........................

perfect woman?”

  “Perfect ? She is superperfect! I’ve never seen any-
thing in sculpture or painting to compare with her. It
is impossible to believe that such a lovely creature could
have been born. She must have been created, full-
grown, by a God who models with flesh.”

  “You are right,” said Goddard. “She was not born,
but created; and I am her creator.”

  “You her creator? What do you mean?”

  “Just what I said. I made her what she is. Shall I

 f~\NLY a few years ago, even when the famous Fannie
 Brice acquired a Roman (or was it Greek) nose, some
 people laughed and poked fun at the idea, and there were a
 goodly number of people who thought it was unbelievable
 and impossible. Yet, today plastic surgery is an established
 art and has made remarkable strides. The science of graft-
 ing parts of the body has also reached a definite status. It
 does not require a wild imagination, therefore, to picture the
 possibilities which would result from greater perfection of
 each or a combination of both. Much might be done in the
 near future. We think the author's ideas on the subject are
 decidedly provocative of argument—both for and against.
 And even if you don’t want to argue "The Superperfect
 Bride" furnishes a surprise ending that alone makes the
 story worth reading.

tell you how I did it? It may be some time before
Eve is ready.”

  “Yes, yes, tell me, I beg of you.”

  “As you perspicuously remarked a moment ago, it
is impossible for a perfect being to be born. Nature
produces many handsome things but none of them are
absolutely flawless. Go into the garden, and select the
prettiest blossom you can find. A careful examination
convinces you that it is absolutely perfect, but scrutinize
it through the penetrating lens of a microscope, and you
discover countless blemishes, and irregularities of out-
line, which would bar it completely from the realm of
artistic perfection.

  “As with the tiny flower, so with the big things in
the world of beauty. Gaze upon a wonderful land-
scape, so stupendous, so enchanting that, to the casual
observer, it seems the utter climax of perfection, but
the discerning eyes of the trained aesthete would find
it lacking in unity, balance and harmony. As a scene
it may be beautiful; but as a picture it is full of faults
of composition, exaggeration in coloring, incongruities
of structure and over-vividness of detail.

  “No artist dares to paint a landscape exactly as he
sees it. His mission is to select, to modify, to recom-
bine, and thus, from the parts which nature offers him,
to construct a complete, unified, beautiful whole.

  “Poe brings out this idea in his story called ‘The
Domain of Arnheim.’ You’ve read it? No? Well,
you ought to. It’s a master-
■ ^ piece of descriptive diction.
It tells about a man with
the soul of an artist and a
poet, the fortune of a
Croesus, and a fervid pas-
sion for happiness. He em-
ployed a portion of his great
wealth in constructing a
garden, in which every in-
dividual nook and vista
offered to the eyes of the
observer a beautiful and
artistically perfect pic-
ture. This he accomplished "

■	■■ ■ ■	through an exalted form of

                         landscape gardening, using
all the individual units just as they occurred in nature,
but eliminating recombining, rearranging and supple-
menting according to the absolute laws of art.

  “The wealthy landscape gardener regarded this as the
realization of the highest ideal of beauty. I do not
agree. To my mind, aesthetic perfection can only be
attained by a single unified object, which is small enough
to be taken in with a solitary glance, and yet rich in
infinite details of form and coloring, so that the eye,

300

r
   Doctor Goddard anticipated Broderick's decision almost to the minute. He bad everything in readiness for the first operation.

301_
302

AMAZmG STORIES

while keeping the lovely whole ever focussed on the
retina, is constantly discovering new elements of beauty
to admire. Of all individual objects in the universe
there is none so capable of variation of beauty and
ugliness as the human body, especially the body of a
woman.

“T?OR centuries, sculptors and artists have striven to
r delineate human forms of consummate beauty, yet
none has fully succeeded. The nearest approaches to
perfection have been achieved by those who used com-
posite models, combining the face of one with the torso
of another and the limbs of a third.

  “Even with this method, the results produced have
been far from faultless. Witness, for instance, the
learned criticism of the classic example of feminine
grace, the statue of the Venus de’ Medici. Edwin Chad-
wick, a noted scientist and connoisseur, says that the
Venus de’ Medici is lacking in two most important attri-
butes of human beauty—health and mentality. Her
chest is too narrow, indicating insufficient development
of the lungs; her limbs are without evidence of due
training of the muscles; and her cranium and face are
deficient in all traits of intellect.

  “Were it possible for the sculptor to produce a flaw-
less model of a woman’s figure, he is still woefully
handicapped since he can only represent form, without
color or any other attribute of the living being. The
painter has the advantage of being able to impart the
hues of nature. By skilful shading he also gives his
flat canvas a third dimension, suggesting solidness,
and elegance of contour.

  “But neither the painting nor the statue can depict
one of the most important attributes of living beauty,
namely motion. To be perfectly beautiful, a creation
must have the breath of life, and the power of locomo-
tion. Bryon was right when he said:

     “I’ve seen more living beauty, ripe and real
     Than all the nonsense of their stone ideal.”

  “He forgot, though, the fact, of which you seem
cognizant, that it is impossible for blind nature to pro-
duce anything which possesses complete and faultless
pulchritude. Unlike a poet, the perfect Venus must
be made, not born.

  “It is to the creation of this lofty ideal of a living,
moving, intelligent woman, absolutely lovely in body
and mind, that I have dedicated my lifetime of artis-
tic and scientific research and my entire fortune. You
have just seen in Eve the realization of this great
ambition.”

  He paused a moment to observe the effect of his dis-
course on his young listener. Broderick had followed
him with a fluctuating, petulant interest. Now he
eagerly cried, “You said I might see her again;—
that I might kiss her hand.”

  “Yes, yes; but pray be patient. She’s not half ready
yet to receive you. Aren’t you interested in the process
of her creation?”

  “Indeed I am, but only let me see her for a moment,
then I’ll gladly listen to you.”

  Slightly offended, Goddard lapsed into a moody
silence.

  Broderick got up and paced the length of the floor
three successive times—then exclaimed, “For God’s
sake, speak. I can’t stand this suspense. Tell me
more about Eve.”

  “Please be seated and compose yourself. You want
to know how I accomplished this great and wonderful
task? Hasn’t a possible means suggested itself to you?
I was obliged to waste a great deal of time in futile
study, observation and experiment before I arrived
at the right solution.

  “At first I thought I could encompass my purpose
through eugenics, which is nothing more than the ap-
plication to the human race of familiar rules, which
have been practiced for centuries in the scientific breed-
ing of other animals. But the fault with this method
is that, although it is possible to develop strongly
some peculiar or characteristic variation, it is not so
easy to remove completely those irregularities which
make an organism imperfect.

  “Take a specific instance. Let us assume that we
have found a woman whose only flaw is a small nose.
We may mate her with a man who is nearly perfect
except for a nose which is a trifle larger than it should
be. From this union we might expect to produce a
child with a well-proportioned nose, but we can have
no assurance that the progeny may not have a nose
which is either larger than its father’s or smaller than
its mother’s. Then, too, the matter of sex variation
introduces an element of uncertainty; and, worst of all,
experiments of this sort require an inordinate amount
of time, besides being attended by overwhelming dif-
ficulties, the nature of which you can readily surmise.”
Broderick became restless again. “Yes, but Eve,” he
rudely interrupted.

  “I’m coming to her in just a minute. She is what
might be called a synthetic woman; she was made
by combining the complete living parts of no less than
twelve different women.”

  Aghast, Broderick stared at him. “I don’t under-
stand you,” he stammered.

  “You must have heard of bone grafting, homoplastic
transplantation, and other marvels of modern surgery.
Perhaps you are familiar with some of my attainments
along that line.”

  “I remember reading about a girl whom you treated
after her face was badly burned. Didn’t you cover
her cheek with the skin taken from her thighs?”

“\7'ES. That is a very simple operation. Those in-
X volving the transplanting of organs and limbs are
much more difficult, yet not impossible to the surgeon
who knows his trade. As early as 1908, Debert suc-
ceeded in grafting the lower leg of one dog to the
thigh of another, in such a way that it appeared per-
fectly normal. It was even before that time that Lexer,
using the method of juxtaposition, transplanted the en-
tire knee joint of a child. But more wonderful still is
the work of Alexis Carrel, who, you know, invented a
method of joining large blood vessels by clamping
them to stop the flow of blood and then sewing them
SUPERPERFECT BRIDE

303

together with silk thread. I have conducted a large
number of experiments on animals and human beings,
and have improved the methods of Lexer, Debert and
Carrel.

  “But I am more of an artist than a surgeon. Surgery
is my vocation and art my avocation. It therefore oc-
curred to me that by combining my artistic taste and
my surgical skill, I could model in flesh and bones,
just as the sculptor models in clay. Taking another
hint from the artist, I resolved to create a living
woman of unsurpassed beauty, by joining together parts
which, though taken from imperfect individuals, were
themselves free from flaw.

  “Of course it was necessary that the greater part of
my composite woman be taken from one body, since
it is of course extremely difficult and dangerous to make
many alterations in the so-called vital portions of the
human anatomy—the head and the torso. My first
task, therefore, was to find a woman who embodied
perfection in these essential parts.

  “I finally discovered, in the person of a young woman
for whom I set a broken leg, all the qualities which I
required. By good fortune, she, like yourself, was an
orphan with no near relatives living. She had an in-
dependent income of about eighteen hundred dollars
a year. A well-known university had granted her a
bachelor’s degree, although she was only seventeen years
old. Her interests were mainly for art, literature, and
music, but she had also done work in science and
philosophy. She was very fond of all forms of outdoor
sport, in fact it was while skating that she sustained
the injury which first brought her to me.

  “Her torso, her neck and her head were absolutely
perfect, although the other parts of her body were
susceptible to improvement. You may fancy the
delicacy with which I broached my purpose to her.
Finally, by appealing to her devotion to art, and to the
feminine ambition to surpass all others in beauty, 1
won her consent. She became my adopted daughter,
and the heiress to my entire estate.

  “I began by providing Eve with a new head of hair.
Her own hair was pretty enough—a glossy amber
brown,—light and fluffy,—but bobbed, as is the case
with nearly all women today. The scalp she now wears
used to belong to a Norwegian servant girl, from
whom I bought it for five thousand dollars, giving her
Eve’s hair in exchange. When Ingemar recovered and
found that she still had a full head of growing tresses,
she was immeasurably pleased. She said her long
golden hair had always been too much of a bother to
her anyway, and she liked her new hair better.

  “In a similar way, I exchanged Eve’s imperfect parts
for flawless members from other girls, who consented
to the transfer for considerations varying from one to
twenty thousand dollars. Her ears belong to an Eng-
lish girl, and her lips used to grace a French beauty
—but her nose is her own; I merely remodeled it a
trifle, reducing its size by removing portions from the
inside.

  “I got her left arm from a girl who is an expert
swimmer, and her right from one who loves tennis,
but hadn’t played enough to overdevelop it. Two

dancers, chosen from among five hundred chorus girls
supplied her legs, at ten thousand each. I found it
easier to induce two women to trade each a leg, than
to get one to take the risk of sacrificing both limbs.
Besides, it very rarely happens that both arms or both
legs of any one person are perfect mates.

  “The feet belonging to this pair of legs I could
not use. They were too deformed by the combined
effects of tight shoes and walking on the toes. It was
exceedingly difficult to find two perfectly formed feet.
Those accustomed to being imprisoned in modern shoes
were cramped and abnormal, while the feet of European
peasant girls who had always gone barefooted were
too coarse and large. I solved the problem by selecting
a girl who had always worn sensible shoes, and having
her go barefooted for two months before I operated
on her.

  “I had the hardest job in obtaining a perfect right
hand. Her left hand I bought from a masseuse, who
was willing to sell her other one also, but I couldn’t
use it on account of a tiny scar on her little finger.
Finally I found a perfect mate to her left hand on the
person of a musician. She refused to sell her hand at
any price, and I actually had to kidnap her. When she
discovered that I intended to take her hand by force,
she agreed to submit voluntarily for twenty thousand
dollars. Four months after the operation, she was
able to play the piano as well as ever. It was just six
weeks ago that I put the finishing touches to my master-
piece. Now Eve is completely perfect.”

  “You speak of exchanging member for member,”
said Broderick, "I don’t understand how you can do
that.”

“]\/TY assistant, Doctor Mann, and I work together.

  J.V1 He removes the member from Eve while I am
separating the corresponding part from the other
woman. Every incision and cut made by me is re-
produced with mathematical exactitude by him, so that
the surfaces of the severed portions are precisely iden-
tical in outline. Then, while the members are still warm
and living, they are exchanged and attached by methods
with which every surgeon is familiar. While I am
fastening the new part to Eve’s body, Doctor Mann
performs a similar operation on the other girl. In a
month, both have complete and perfect use of their
new limbs.”

  “But surely, all this horrible cutting and slashing
must leave some marks.”

  “Why so? Haven’t you ever cut yourself with a
razor, and watched the wound heal? In a week or
two, the skin over the injured place cannot be dis-
tinguished from the rest of your face. It is thus that
the skin grows over the places where the parts are
joined together. You shall see for yourself. Eve must
be ready by now.” He pushed the button, and once
more the curtains spread apart.

  The woman who stood in the opening was attired
in the flowing white draperies of Greek antiquity.
Except for light, corded sandals her feet were bare.
Her hair was parted in the middle, and was gathered
in a high roll at the back of her head, from which fell
304

AMAZING STORIES

a thick cluster of curls. It seemed a perfect picture.

  At a gesture from Goddard, she stepped forth, every
movement a reflection of superb elegance and grace,
combined with a singular suggestion of alertness and
power.

  “Eve,” said Goddard. “Let me present Mr. Charles
Broderick.”

  She inclined her head slightly, and held out the
faultlessly manicured hand of the masseuse. Broderick
took it as if it were a piece of priceless, fragile china.
The mere contact of her warm, magnetic fingers sent
through his frame a thrill such as he had never before
experienced.

  “May I kiss it ?” he asked in a trembling voice.

  A quizzical smile from Goddard. “Young man, never
ask for a kiss. If you want one, take it.” Broderick
lost no time in complying, with fervid lips, to the sug-
gestion of the older man, who continued: “That may
not be sound ethics, but it’s good practical common
sense. Now see if you can find where that hand joins
on to the forearm.”

  In vain Broderick searched for a scar. Not a
scratch, or blemish could he discover.

  “Here is where I attached her arm,” said the doctor,
running his finger over her bare shoulder. I’ll defy
you to find a mark of the joint. And you remember
what I told you about her lips? Would you suspect
that they ever belonged to anyone else?”

  “Never! Oh, that I might kiss those luscious lips!”
And, suddenly jecalling Goddard’s bit of philosophy
concerning osculation, he thrust his arm about her neck
and made a sudden effort to kiss her mouth. The
doctor stopped him just in time. A crimson flood
mantled Eve’s cheeks, to the great delight of Broderick,
who thus perceived that she was really human and not
merely an animated statue.

  “Take your time, rash youth,” the doctor laughed.
“Helen of Troy was not won in five minutes. Eve’s
lips are not for you—unless—”

  “Unless?”

  “Unless you agree to certain essential conditions.”

  “Name them.”

  “It is a long story. Eve knows it already, and so
will not be interested. You will excuse her while I
explain.”

  With supple lithesomeness, she stepped to the door.
Broderick’s eyes followed her until the curtains closed
behind her.

  Then he turned to Goddard with, “Now for the
conditions.”

  “As you doubtless have surmised, I am looking for
a mate for Eve, but he must be as perfect as she is.
Since I prefer a college bred man, I enlisted the aid
of the physical directors of every large university in
the United States. Out of over a hundred candidates
sent to me, only three have passed the rigid examination
to which I personally submitted them. I’ll speak of the
other two presently.

  “You’ve been with me now for a week, and my tests
have shown that your health, vitality, and your intellect
are all excellent. You have no physical defects, ex-
cept in parts capable of being interchanged.

  “What I wish to do is to reconstruct your body, just
as I have done in the case of Eve, and thus transform
you into a perfect man. This accomplished, you shall
marry Eve, assuming the name of Adam Goddard. Thus
I expect to found a new race of perfect beings bearing
my name.

  “The other two men I spoke of passed in all but the
last crucial test. One of them went so far as to allow
me to put him on the operating bench, but lost his
nerve with the first whiff of the ether.

  “It is not necessary for you to give your answer to-
day, in fact, I’d rather you would take plenty of time
to decide. This is a momentous matter, and is not to
be entered into lightly. It will be attended by consid-
erable pain, and some danger, although both these
features will be reduced to the minimum. You may
see Eve every day if you wish. To-morrow evening at
eight-thirty you will be given an opportunity to test
some of her mental powers. You’ll be here?”

   “I certainly shall.”

  “In the meantime, take good care of your body. To
me, it is worth a million dollars.”

A Game of Chess

IMAGINE, if you can, the emotions which surged
through Broderick’s mind as he strode back to
his hotel.

  Eve had made a profound impression on him—had
charmed and fascinated him with her incomparable at-
tractiveness. But he was not in love with her, he told
himself, any more than he could be in love with a beau-
tiful statue. How could he love a woman with whom
he had not even exchanged two words of conversa-
tion? One thing, though, he could not escape—she
completely dominated his thoughts, to the exclusion of
all else, preventing him from sleeping that night or
from engaging in any serious occupation the following
day. More and more strongly came the realization
that, having seen Eve, the society of all other women
would, now and forever, seem insipid. Yet his involun-
tary admiration for her was rudely tempered by two
shocking thoughts; one was the domineering influence
which her foster-father exercised over her, and the
other was the repulsive notion that she was stuck to-
gether, like a picture puzzle or a crazy patchwork
quilt.

  Repelled as he was by these considerations, they
were far outbalanced by the overwhelming force of her
many attractive attributes. Three-quarters of an hour
before the appointed time, he presented himself at the
door of Doctor Goddard’s lordly residence.

  “You’re early,” the doctor greeted him.

  “Am I? Is Eve at home?”

  “Yes. I’ll send your card up to her. She’ll be down
in a few minutes. You’re fond of chess, aren’t you,
Broderick? I judge so from the fact that you repre-
sented Princeton in the last cable tournament with
Oxford and Cambridge. I’ve arranged to have you
play chess with Eve this evening, if you care to.”

  Broderick suppressed a smile. “Who ever heard of
a woman who could play chess ?”

  “You will remember questioning the existence of a
SUPERPERFECT RRIDE

305

perfect woman yesterday. As then, I’ll answer—judge
for yourself.”

  He drew from a corner a small, beautifully finished
table with a chessboard inlaid in squares of ebony and
basswood. The pieces were of ivory, exquisitely
carved. The doctor began placing them on the board.

  “Let me see, Queen on her color, isn’t it ? I haven’t
played for such a long while, I’ve almost forgotten.
Ah, here comes Eve.”

  Broderick’s eyes were already fixed on the green
curtains, as if loath to miss a single instant of delight
in her loveliness. They parted and she appeared, bear-
ing fresh causes for wonder and admiration. Now her
figure was veiled in the graceful folds of a short-
waisted empire gown, which smacked of the middle
ages, yet suggested the trim smartness of modern
fashion. Her arms and neck were barer The style of
her heavily massed golden tresses reminded him of the
helmet of Minerva. She bowed, but did not utter a
word, as she sat down in the chair which the doctor
placed for her.

  “White to move, and win,” Goddard chuckled; and
she immediately responded by leading with her king’s
pawn.

  Broderick played an indifferent, listless game, giving
more attention to his opponent’s face than to her
moves. But suddenly he woke up to find one of his
bishops in direct line with an unprotected castle. With-
out giving the usual careful inspection of the other
pieces he swooped down and removed it from its corner.
Instantly Eve reached across the board and removed
a pawn, putting in its place one of her bishops. Since
this placed his king in check, Broderick could do noth-
ing else but take the bishop with his knight. Eve re-
moved the horseman with her queen, which was thus
placed in the square next to the king, but protected by
a knight.

  “Checkmate!” laughed the doctor.

  “By Jove, so it is. That’s a new one on me. It’s
almost the same as the fool’s mate.”

  “A modification of it which Eve invented herself.
The rook was just left for bait.”

  “She won’t catch me napping next time.”

  The pieces were replaced, with the whites on Brod-
erick’s side of the board. There was no more careless
dawdling after that. He started out with the fierce
aggressiveness which had won him fame in college
matches, but still kept every piece carefully protected.
Eve played a defensive game, anticipating his com-
plex plots with the weird magic of a sooth-sayer, and
foiling them with consummate ingenuity. He realized
that he had met an opponent worthy of his skill; and
for the moment, his fascinated interest in this unusual
game, overcame the distracting magnetism of her
beauty.

  He gleefully felt that he had the upper hand, how-
ever, and came near venting his satisfaction in a vain
boast, “Checkmate in three more moves.” Luckily for
him, he restrained this ungentlemanly impulse; for
Eve, by an unexpected exchange of queens, suddenly
broke through his line of attack, and put him on the
dejensive.

  Broderick fought like a cornered lion, and finally
won his way out of a precarious hole, by a series of
judicious swaps. He had one piece to the good, and
he knew that any even exchange was to his benefit.
Finally, after over an hour of playing, he found him-
self with a rock and a knight, while she had only a
single pawn to support her king. He moved the castle
to a more advantageous position, where, however, it
did not bear on her king. With seeming unconcern, she
removed her solitary pawn from the protection of her
king, placing it directly in the path of the threatening
castle. No sooner had Broderick swept the last pawn
from the board than Doctor Goddard slapped the table
and yelled, “Stalemate. She can’t move, and she’s not
in check. The game is a draw.” ■

  “Well, so it is.” He glanced at Eve. The smile on
her face was not one of triumph. He knew by the
glitter in her clear blue eyes that she, like himself,
was a keen lover of the game, and that she played for
the sport and not for the pleasure of winning.

  Goddard snapped open his watch. “Hello, it’s past
Eve's bedtime. She has to keep regular hours, you
know. Mr. Broderick will excuse you now, my dear.
If he wants revenge, you can give him a chance some
other time.”

  Without a word, she arose, bowed to the two men
and gracefully withdrew.

  “Well,” said Goddard, “what’s the verdict?”

   “She certainly knows how to play chess, or else I’m
a dub.”

  “To-morrow, if you wish, you may have an oppor-
tunity to test her physical skill. What is your favorite
outdoor sport?”

  “I have three favorites—skating, swimming and ten-
nis.”

  “Eve skates and swims unusually well, but tennis
will be the best. Shall we say to-morrow afternoon at
three ?”

   “That suits me all right.”

A Perfect Sportswoman

THAT night, in the seclusion of his chamber,
Broderick was beset by a multitude of unusual
ideas and conceptions, some of them felicitous,
others distressing. The methodical mind of a chess
player he had never expected to find in a woman, and
this added another strand to the chord which he felt
binding him to her. “A woman who can play chess
like that would certainly make a man’s home life at-
tractive. He wouldn’t need to go to the club for recrea-
tion.”

  Thus he reflected, showing that he was a true de-
votee of the ancient game of war.

   But, though her prowess at chess was to him an indi-
cation of superior intellectual caliber, yet the mysterious
control which her foster-father seemed to exercise over
her suggested mental weakness. Broderick even har-
bored a suspicion, that Goddard’s own mind had en-
gineered his defeat, and that he had merely used Eve
as a human tool for translating his thoughts into acts.

   Fulminated in his brain the realization that he had
never heard her speak. Was she deaf and dumb? Surelv
306

AMAZING STORIES

not deaf, since she responded immediately to sugges-
tions addressed to her.

  At the end of several hours of musing, Broderick
was certain of only one thing—he wanted to see her
again.

  The tennis match took place at the appointed time
on Goddard’s private court. Eve was more delectable
than ever, for she had shed her unnatural air of
statuesque antiquity and was a thoroughly modern girl
of the great outdoors. She was attired in a short wide
skirt of white flannel and a low-necked, short-sleeved
middy blouse. Her blond hair was coiled in thick
braids around her head.

  Doctor Goddard acted as umpire, calling the score
after each point. Eve served first. She began by
sending a swift twister which fell just inside the corner
of the court, and spun along, hardly an inch above the
ground.

  “Fifteen love,” Goddard called.

  In the other court, Eve served with her left hand,
with equal speed but not quite so much English, and
Broderick hooked over a neat back-handed Lawford.

  “Fifteen all,” and thus the match progressed, with
the honors close to even. Nearly all were deuce games,
and hotly contested. Eve played a clever, heady game,
putting unusual cuts on the ball, and placing it in out
of the way corners. She was constantly shifting her
racket from one hand to the other, and seemed equally
skilful with either. Broderick depended more upon
speed than generalship and won most of his points by
vicious chops and tearing smashes.

  At the end of an hour of playing, the score stood at
eleven and twelve, with Eve serving. Two beautiful
Lawfords and a lucky stroke which sent the ball
against the top of the net so that it dropped gently into
his opponent’s court, won three successive points for
Broderick. Then Eve made a superb burst of unusual
speed and brought the score up to deuce. Time after
time, he smashed her left-handed serve, but each time
she recovered the point from the other court. At last,
with the score at “ ’vantage out,” she served a ball
which Broderick had no difficulty in returning. For sev-
eral minutes, the ball danced back and forth over the
net, then Eve drove a pretty Lawford into his back-
hand court, immediately following it up to the net. By
wonderful footwork, Broderick reached the ball and
returned it, but Eve met it at the net and sent it
crashing into the opposite court. It bounded fully
twenty feet in the air. Broderick dashed back and
leaped for the ball, meeting it squarely, but in doing
so he crashed into the back-stop, and fell to the ground
in a heap.

  His high lob fell but a few feet on the other side of
the net, where his opponent was ready to receive it.
She could have easily dropped it in the center of the
court where he could never have reached it; but in-
stead she struck it underhand, sending a rainbow lob to
the back court. It gave Broderick just time enough to
regain his feet and send the ball back to her. At the
end of thirty more seconds of playing, Eve misjudged
one of Broderick’s smashes and sent it into the net.

  “Game and set. Score thirteen to eleven,” announced

the doctor. “Broderick, that was marvelous playing.”
Broderick leaped the net, grabbed her extended hand,
and panted, “Thank you for a wonderful game. You’re
the best woman player and the finest all around sport
I’ve ever met.”

  She smiled and bowed in acknowledgement of this
splendid compliment, but said nothing.

  “Do you want to play any more?” This from the
doctor.

  Broderick, who was drenched with perspiration and
still puffing, answered, “I’ve had enough for today.”
“Yes, that was enough for anyone. I don’t care to
have Eve over-exert herself. Now you’d better both
hurry back to the house and take your showers.”

  After a refreshing bath and a change of raiment,
Broderick joined Goddard in the library.

  “Well, how do you like her tennis playing?”

  “I certainly enjoy playing with her. She’s a clean
sport, and refused to take advantage of my accident.
After beating her I couldn’t very well say that she is
an exceptionally good player, but it’s the first time
I’ve ever played a twenty-four game set.”

  They conversed for some time, then Broderick, with
an apparent display of embarrassment, said, “There’s
something that’s been worrying me, Doctor, and I’m
anxious to know the truth—Is Eve dumb?”

  “Dumb?” Goddard exploded. “I should say—But as
usual, you’ll have to judge for yourself. Come around
to-morrow night at eight.”

The First Musicale

HEN he arrived the following evening, Brod-
erick was ushered into the music room.

  “I’ve arranged a private musicale, or rather
recital. Eve will entertain us, if you care to have her
do so.”

  “I’d be delighted,” was the trite response.

  “The first number will be a piano solo. Have you any
special preferences in music?”

  “I’m very fond of Grieg.”

  “Very well, we’ll have the suite from Peer Gynt.”

  It was arranged with all the formalities of the con-
cert hall. Eve was dressed in a modern decollete gown.
She stepped to the grand piano and immediately struck
the opening chords of the Morning Mood. The trill
of the lark, the ripple of the brook, all were marvelously
counterfeited in this superb combination of tones. Then
followed the lugubrious strains of the Death of Asefi the
weird, oriental cadences of Anitra’s Dance, and last of
all the grand climax of thundering chords which cul-
minated in the Hall of the Mountain King.

  “Thank you very much,” was Broderick’s sole com-
ment.

  “Next will be a vocal solo,” the doctor announced.
The younger man held his breath in blissful expecta-
tion. At last he was to hear her voice. He was not
disappointed, for her tones were characterized by a
rich mellifluence which appealed to his layman’s musical
sense far more than those of any professional diva.

  The piece she sang was unfamiliar to him, but was
fraught with intricacies in the form of runs and sud-
den transitions from low to high notes, which displayed
SUPERPERFECT BRIDE

307

unquestionable technical skill. It fascinated him, but
not nearly so potently as the exquisite lyrical orchid,
“I love you truly,” which she sang as an encore.

  At the close of this selection, Doctor Goddard arose;
and, offering a conventional excuse, quietly withdrew.
Left alone with the perfect woman, Broderick ex-
perienced a singular shyness, which was entirely foreign
to his nature, for he was usually quite at ease in
feminine society. He wanted to pay her a compliment,
yet hesitated lest it sound like the adulation of a
sycophant. At last he said, “You have a beautiful voice,
Miss Goddard.”

  Without a suggestion of conceit or feigned modesty,
she answered simply, “I’m glad you like it. But I know
you sing also. Won’t you try this with me?”

  She opened a sheet of music, which was by no means
unfamiliar to him. It was a duet in which the woman’s
voice and the man’s took alternate parts, finally blend-
ing into a united, harmonious appeal:

“Oh love, stay one moment, oh love, stay one moment;
One moment of ecstacy, thy heart throbbing on my
breast.

  Life’s long dream is o’er, life’s dream is o’er.
  Farewell, farewell.”

  So perfectly did their voices blend that an expert
critic would have judged they had practised together
for months. Several other songs they essayed, some
complex, some simple; some sentimental, others hu-
morous.

  At last she turned to him with a smile and said,
“Pardon my seeming inhospitableness if I remind you
that my father is very exacting and insists that I retire
promptly at ten. I know you won’t be offended, and I
hope we are good enough friends to be perfectly frank
with each other. But before you go, I want you to
promise to bring your violin with you next time you
come.”

  “But I play only in a very amateurish way.”

  “We are both amateurs, and enjoy our art all the
more because we pursue it for pleasure alone. From
your singing, I know you have the soul of a musician.
You’ll bring your violin and your favorite pieces of
music, won’t you?”

  “If you wish. And may I see you to-morrow eve-
ning ?”

  “I shall be very glad to have you call to-morrow.”
The following evening Broderick found Eva alone
in the music room. She rose from the piano bench to
greet him.

  “Father is working at some experiments, and asks
to be excused.”

  A courteous bow was Broderick’s response; but he
did not stultify himself by any insincere expressions of
regret.

  “I see you didn’t forget,” she remarked anent the
instrument case which he carried.

  "No, I didn’t forget, much as I hesitate to play be-
fore you. Please don’t be too critical, will you?”

  “I don’t expect to have anything to criticise. Shall
we try something right away? I just love to play ac-

companiments,” and she struck the A key on the piano.

  Imbued with the desire to make a good impression,
and inspired by her faultless accompaniments, Broder-
ick played with a brilliancy and ferver which astonished
himself. Evelyn complimented him in the most cogent
manner possible, by continually asking him to play
more.

  At the end of an exquisite Strauss waltz, she ex-
claimed, “Oh, wouldn’t that be wonderful to dance to?
I wish we could play and dance at the same time.”

  “Do you like to dance?”

   “Indeed I do. I enjoy dancing better than any other
form of amusement.”

   “There’s the phonograph,” he suggested.

  “And we have the record of that very waltz. I’ll
start it while you roll up the rug.”

   A moment later, the phonograph began to send forth
its regular cadences, and Eve fluttered into Broderick’s
arms. He was accustomed enough to the feel of a
woman’s body in close proximity to his, but Eve was
unquestionably different. The fragrance of her hair,
the gentle heaving of her womanly bosom, the touch of
her fingers on his arm thrilled him with ecstatic, yet
pure emotions.

  And if she charmed him by her mere proximity, her
incomparable skill as a dancer fascinated him. Though
he danced with original abandon, following no set rules
or conventional steps, she followed him as if her
muscles were dominated synchronously by the same
nerves which actuated his.

   The great clock in the hall boomed out ten resonant
strokes.

  “The witching hour,” smiled Eve. “I have a fairy
godfather who is more exacting than Cinderella’s god-
mother by two hours; and unless I obey him, I am in
danger of losing the gifts he bestowed upon me.”

   Broderick took the hint and his departure.

The Proposal

THE daily meetings soon became a matter of cus-
tom rather than appointment. Though her chess
playing, her athletic prowesses, her music, and
her dancing had in turn attracted and charmed him,
Broderick soon discovered that he enjoyed conversing
with her most of all. There seemed to be no subject
in literature, art, science or philosophy interesting to
him, which was not at least passably familiar to Eve.
He learned that she had been abroad for a year, and
had a fluent command of French, German, Italian and
Spanish.

  One evening the talk turned to John Stuart Mill.
“What is your idea of perfect happiness ?” she asked.

  Fervently he responded, “My idea of perfect hap-
piness is to hold you in my arms and press my lips
against yours.”

  Surprised and hurt by his seeming rudeness, she
frowned, “Oh, you don’t mean that. It’s so unworthy
of you.”

   Genuine contrition gripped him. “No, I didn’t mean
it exactly that way. But if you ask me to paint a picture
of Paradise, it would include a little six-room bungalow,
presided over by the one perfect woman in the world.
308

AMAZING STORIES

There would be a lawn, and a garden, and two or
three youngsters to rush out and meet me when I came
home tired after the day’s work.”

   “That’s a little better.”

  “Oh, it’s very commonplace, and rather lacking in
ambition, I know, but I’m dreadfully selfish, and I think
that the greatest happiness comes to a man through his
own home and family. Now tell me what your idea of
happiness is.”

  “Oh, I’ve had such lofty aspirations—altogether im-
possible and impractical, I fear. If I could only ac-
complish something really big—something which would
be a blessing to all humanity—like the invention of the
radio, for instance, then I should indeed be happy. But,
of course, that can never be. So I do the next best
thing, and get all the pleasure I can out of working
with my hands for those whom I love. Would you
like to see my workshop?”

  Anticipating his assent, she led the way to a small
room at the rear of the building. “Here is my room. I
consider it more characteristic of me than my sleep-
ing chamber. Father won’t let me have all the ap-
paratus I’d like, for fear I’ll injure some of my precious
members, but I manage to do some work in brass and
leather.”

  Broderick cast interested glances about the room. He
was struck with the neat orderliness, which nevertheless
did not seem to remove the impression that it was put
to frequent use.

  As Eve saw him stop to inspect an object lying on
the bench, an involuntary cry escaped her. A second
look explained the cause. The article was a card case
of leather, beautifully embossed, and Broderick was
astounded to see his own initials worked in the cover.

  “Oh, I didn’t want you to see that. I made it for
you. To-morrow is your birthday.”

  “Why, so it is. I’d forgotten it myself. How in the
world did you know ?”

  “I got it from the application blank you made out
for father.”

  “It certainly was thoughtful of you. I wish I knew
how to express my appreciation. May I keep it now ?”
“Yes, with my best wishes.”

  “Thank you. And now I want to talk with you
about a matter of great importance to both of us, some-
thing which we both must have had in mind right
along, though we have scrupulously avoided mention-
ing it, You know what I mean?”

  “You mean father’s proposal ?”

  “Yes, and I want to supplement it with a proposal
of my own. First, let me tell you that I love you very,
very much, so much that I can think of nothing else.
Then I want to ask you if you, of your own free will,
without thought of the obligations you owe your foster-
father, agree to the proposition he made me. In other
words, do you wish me to submit to the operation
which he purposes to perform on me?”

  “Not unless you feel inclined to agree of your own
free will.”

  “But I do feel so inclined. I’d do anything in the
world for you, Eve.”

  “Then it will please me very much to have you do

what father asks of you, otherwise I cannot marry you."
  “And from now on, you and I are engaged ?”

  “Not yet. I have made a promise to father. Not
until after—”

  “I shall see him to-night, and tell him that the
sooner he starts, the better it will please me.”

The Operation

OCTOR GODDARD had anticipated Broder-
ick’s decision almost to the minute. He had
everything in readiness for the first operation,
even to the man who was to provide the new member
—a perfect right leg.

  The scenes of the operating room were new to
Broderick, who had not experienced a sick day since
childhood. With undisguised interest he watched the
careful preparations; and when the sickening reek of
ether reached his nostrils, he welcomed it as a har-
binger of new experiences. Heavy, irresistible drowsi-
ness slowly took possession of him; then he had the
sensation of falling, or rather drifting through space;
and finally came a thought-free void.

  When he again recovered consciousness, he found
himself lying on a bed in a many windowed room,
which seemed filled to the bursting point with sunlight.
Doctor Goddard was bending over him.

  “How do you feel?”

  “Oh, all right. Just a little dizzy and sick to my
stomach.”

  “That will soon pass off. Does your leg ache?”
This was the first reminder of the reality of the
operation. At first he was not sure that he had a
right leg, and he had to feel with his hand to make
certain. He was surprised at the touch of his bare
skin, instead of the bandages he had expected. Very
cautiously, he wriggled his great toe. It seemed to
work very naturally.

  “May I move my leg?” he asked.

  “Surely. You can do anything you want with it.”
Broderick elevated his knee, twisted his ankle, and
began to kick like a man whose foot has fallen asleep.
Then he threw back the covers of the bed and sat up.

  “Try to walk on it,” suggested the doctor; and
Broderick complied, with the tread of a man suf-
fering from a severe attack of the gout. Five minutes
of cautious limping brought him to a chair. Here he
sat down, and began to examine his right leg. With
a puzzled expression on his face, he appealed to the
doctor. “Do you know, that leg looks exactly like the
one I’ve been using for the last twenty odd years?”
Goddard smiled. “It is the same one.”

  “You mean you didn’t perform the operation?” Gen-
uine disappointment was echoed by the question.

  “No, I didn’t undertake it. Get into your clothes,
and I’ll explain.”

  “First,” the doctor continued, “I want to apologize to
you and to confess that I have deceived you from the
very start. Eve is not an adopted child but is my own
natural daughter. Moreover, she is not perfect, though
she comes as near to it as careful nurture and training
could make a woman. As for my scheme for creating
a perfect being, that was but a yarn invented for the
SUPERPERFECT BRIDE

309

occasion. It is accurate enough in theory, but I do not
feel far enough advanced to undertake it in actual
practice as yet.

  “You naturally wonder what it is all about. To me,
Eve’s happiness is the most important consideration in
the world; and I believe that she can only attain hap-
piness through marriage with a man who is all that a
man should be. There was just one thing concerning
which I wanted to assure myself, and the story of the
perfect woman was the last crucial test. This you have
passed successfully, and you have convinced Eve and
me that you possess the highest form of courage—the
courage which prompts a man to risk life and limb in
the interests of science and human achievement.

  “Now, I suppose you would like to see Eve. You
will find her in the room where you first met her. And,
before you go, perhaps it might interest you to know
that the nude figure you saw that first day, was noth-
ing but a life-sized oil painting, which was so well done
and so skilfully lighted that it looked just like a living
woman. No doubt you’ve heard of ‘Stella’ and similar
illusions.”

  With a mumbled commonplace of some sort, Broder-
ick left the room, and, his mind teeming with intoxi-
cating, puzzling thoughts, strode along the corridor.

  He found Eve clinging to the curtains through which
she had first stepped into his life.

  Anxiously she greeted him, “Has father told you?”

  “Yes. Everything.”

  “And now that you know, what do you think of me?1’
By way of answer, he gathered her up in his arms,
and crushed his lips to hers in a fervid, suffocating
kiss. “That is what I think of you,” he panted. “I
love you a million times more, now that I know that
you are a real woman, and that every part of you is
your own dear self.”

  “But I'm far from perfect.”

  “To me, you shall always be more than perfect—my
superperfect bride.”

“Are you sure you have no fault to find with me?”
“There have been only two things about you that I
objected to. One was that you were supposed to be
created in an unnatural way, but that, of course, is re-
moved now. And the other—”

  “Yes?”

  “You don’t mind if I tell you? The other was the
dominating influence which your father seems to have
over you.”

  “Father dominating me?” she laughed. “My, but
that’s rich! Why, I just twirl Father around my little
finger. He does everything I tell him to. Listen. I
met you once at a party, years and years ago. You
don’t remember, because I was a mere youngster and
therefore beneath your notice. But I have never for-
gotten; and—well—the fact of the matter is that you
were picked out, not by father, but by me!’’

THE END

What Do You Know?

O EADERS of Amazing Stories have frequently commented upon the fact that there is more actual knowledge
to be gained through reading its pages than from many a textbook. Moreover, most of the stories are
written in a popular vein, making it possible for any one to grasp important facts.

The questions which we give below are all answered on the pages as listed at the end of the questions. Please

see it you can answer the questions without looking for
knowledge.

 1.	Give a typical fourth dimensional equation. (See
 page 296.)

 2.	How did Carrel, the famous surgeon, join blood
 vessels in living subjects? (See pages 302-303.)

 3.	Can you give a resume of the development of the
 basic laws of energy? (See page 310.)

 4.	What new alloy of high permeability has been dis-
 covered in one of the great electrical laboratories.
 (See page 312.)

 5.	What is plankton? (See page 366.)

 6.	What are the characteristics of the famous stone
 images on Easter Island? (See page 366.)

 7.	Where is the Agassiz triangle? (See page 368.)

the answer, and see how well you check up on your general

8.	What examples of the temperatures endurable by
    man can be cited? (See page 336.)

9.	In Europe, the winter just past was of unusual
    severity. What other winters of great and pro-
    longed cold are on record? (Sec page 336.)

10.	Give some examples of low Arctic temperatures.
    (See page 336.)

11.	Why did not die passage from Bering Strait to
    Baffin Bay in the middle of the last century demon-
    strate the existence of the northwest passage, finally
    traversed by Amundsen in an auxilliary motor
    vessel, "The Gjoa” in the present century? (See
    pages 346-347.)

12.	What is the coloring matter in red snow? (See
    page 352.)
We, FUSING; FOOL

        David H. Keller, M.D.

Author of: “The Psychophonic Nurse,” “The Revolt of the Pedestrians,” etc.

IOBERT SMITH gave an exclamation of
 astonishment. He turned to his wife and
 said:

  “I see that Einstein has reduced all phy-
  sics to one law.”

  Mrs. Smith was darning stockings at the other side
of the table. The world that she was living in was a
rather new world, but the stockings still had holes in
them. In fact, the two dollar silk stockings had as
many holes as the fifty cent Lisle variety used to have.
Life for Mrs. Smith was not so very interesting. Even
her two-year-old daughter, who had most inconsider-
ately arrived in the eleventh year of an otherwise un-
eventful companionate marriage, failed to provide the
blase wife with thrill, though she did furnish lots of
hard work.

  Robert Smith was an inventor. That is, he was a
dreamer of great innovations by night, and a seller of
laces and ribbons in a large department store in the
daytime. Naturally, such a spending of the twenty-
four hours did not provide his wife with the luxuries
of life and, gradually, through the years, she had come
to regret the fact that her husband was just plain
Robert Smith instead of an Edison. Of course, when
she married him she was under the delusion that he
really would invent something which would make them
wealthy. She now saw, after thirteen years of grad-
ually increasing disappoint-
ment, that her husband
would always remain a
salesman of ribbons and
laces.

 Her husband tried to
keep her interested in his
dreams. That was hard to
do when she had so many
stockings to darn and but-
tons to sew on. Besides, at
the end of the day, she was
tired. Also her mind had
never been very much in-
terested in higher mathe-
matics or the laws of physics and all other interesting
things that her husband felt useful to him in his noc-
turnal career as an inventor. Frequently, she did not
even have an idea of what he was talking about, and his
efforts to tell her, simply added to their mutual dis-
satisfaction with each other. Something of this kind
happened on this particular evening. Smith said:

  “I see that Einstein has reduced all physics to one
law.”

  His wife looked up from her darning, as she said
rather slowly:

  “I think that is a good thing. We have too many
laws as it is. What State does this man Einstein come
from? I do not recall his name. But I really do not
see how all the laws could be put into one law. That
must be a newspaper mistake.”

  “Einstein, my dear, is a German,” replied her hus-
band.

  “Well, of course, they have to be represented. Still,
I think that they ought to be careful in regard to elect-
ing these foreigners. He may be a Bolshevik.”

  “You still do not understand. This man is not a
senator. He is a scientist. When it says that he has
formulated a new law, it means a law of physics. It
has nothing to do with government.”

  “Well, why didn’t you say so in the first place? You
said a law. I guess I know what a law is. And an-
other thing, don’t yell at me so. You talk so loud
that it is no pleasure to listen to you any more. If
you would spend your evenings in taking a correspond-
ence course in something instead of reading about things
nobody understands, you would get away from that
ribbon and lace counter. I showed you that paper
about the Improvement Institute. A man was taking
that course and he changed from a salary of twenty
dollars a week to ten thousand a year, and he only
studied ten weeks. Well, what about this new law?”
“It means this,” replied Smith, in a rather low
voice, “many centuries ago
man realized that light and
heat were related. Then
Joule and Rumford showed
that light, heat and energy
are related according to
definite physical laws. Thus,
energy was added to light
and heat. Now, gradually,
the scientists have shown
that to these three forces
can be added matter, space,
time, gravitation and elec-
tricity. The only factor
absent was to determine the
relation between electricity and gravitation. According
to Einstein, there is only one substance, ‘the field,’ and
this field contains electrical and gravitational compo-
nents which are closely tied together by a single for-
mula. That, to me,” said Smith gravely, “is a most
remarkable discovery.”

  “And to me,” replied his wife, “it does not mean a
thing.”

  “But you do not understand just what this means!”
almost shouted Robert Smith. “This article says that
it means that man can fly. Not in a plane or a balloon,

 'T'HE Westinghouse laboratories have discovered a new
 magnetic alloy of wonderful properties, which they call
 permalloy. A sample of it, properly polarised, will rest in
 the air unsupported an inch or more above a magnet. What
 a mass of this highly permeable alloy would do with a
 huge magnet, has not yet been shown. But several ideas
 suggest themselves to anyone who can visualise scientific
 possibilities or possible future inventions as to what might
 happen if this metal were combined with others or if it were
 used in a somewhat restricted form. But Dr. Keller is
 well known for the unique manner in which he makes a
 future possibility seem a thing of current occurrence. The
 human interest in the story only adds to its literary value.

310
311
312

AMAZING STORIES

but just go up in the air! The thing that holds us
to the earth is gravitation. If that can be overcome,
why mankind can go up into space. I believe I see
something in that, a very simple machine, which could
be produced for a few hundred dollars—”

  But his wife interrupted him. She was led to do
so by past experience.

  “A few hundred dollars would pay our expenses,
for several months.”

  But Robert Smith was so absorbed that he never
heard her remark. Just then the baby cried in the next
room.

  "Robert,” said Mrs. Smith, “will you go and tend
to the baby? I must finish this mending. You know
it is your child as much as it is mine.”

  “Please stop calling the baby ‘it.’ She is too old, and
besides, she has a very nice name.”

  Nevertheless, he put down the paper and disappeared
into the shadows of the next room to attend to the
baby.

WHEN he returned from the care of the baby,
he found that his wife had gone to bed. The
sounds from their bedroom indicated that she was fast
asleep. So, relaxing, Smith started to read the article
very carefully. He read that a New York professor
was making some startling statements about the new
law of Einstein. Pie prophesied that the time would
come when airplanes would be able to remain in the
air without engines or visible support; that a man,
properly equipped, could step out of a twenty-story
window and not be in danger of falling; and that, were
it not for the deadly cold of the regions beyond the
earth’s atmosphere, a trip to the moon might be a
very easy matter. This law provided a means for
insulating the body against the laws of gravitation.

  “That would be rather fine,” said Smith, softly, to
himself. “That would be the real thing. This air
work they are doing now is too complicated. I do not
believe that it will ever be popular. Besides, it is so
very dependent on machinery and fuel, and a person
has to keep on going. Now, my idea is to go up in
the air about fifty feet and just slowly mosey around.

I feel that it would be so much more pleasant than the
way they do it now. Then I would want to stop, if I
saw anything interesting beneath me, and stay where I
was in the air till I had made a thorough examination
of the particular object my attention had been called
to. You cannot do that in a plane—in one of those
things a man has to keep on moving or fall. The big
thing would be to have a cheap apparatus, costing a
few hundred dollars. Something that would go up
easily, stop at any point and stay there in the air;
something that would move slowly, be easily guided
and in some way obtain all of its power through the
air. It would have to go up like a slow elevator and
come down like a feather or a thistledown.

  “That would be a fine apparatus to own. A man
could go on little excursions in the evening, after the
wife was asleep, and it would sort of take his mind
off of things. There are so many things that I would
like to see from the air. I bet Broadway would be

an interesting sight, or the Statue of Liberty, and it
certainly would be a lark to take a piece of chalk and
write your name on the top of the Washington Monu-
ment. Of course, for a long trip it would be necessary
for me to tell the wife just where I was going—but,
perhaps, she would have rio objections if I brought
back a nice present for her. Going across the ocean
would be a little dangerous, but it ought to be safe to
go up the Hudson. After a little practice a man
could go a great distance, if he had a box of lunch
with him.

  “It all ought to be rather easy. All we need is a
starter and a stopper, and, of course, the stopper
would be just a gradual shutting off of the starting
force. Then there would have to be something to
cause a progressive movement in the air, something like
the propeller of an airplane and something more to
guide the thing with, and there would have to be a
method of obtaining power from the air; of course,
there is lots of power and all kinds of electrical waves,
but the question of hooking the engine on to them is
a different matter.

  “If I could just do that—just that simple invention—
I would be rich—perhaps, rich enough to educate the
baby. I believe I can do it if I can only work out a
few of the details. There would have to be some kind
of a chair to sit on and something to keep the whole
machine from turning upside down. That would be
most embarrassing, even to be a hundred feet in the
air and have it turn over and dump you out. I would
not like that to happen—at least, not until I have more
insurance.”

THE next morning he was once again a seller of
ribbons and laces, but it was hard to keep his
mind on the delicate difference in the tints and colors
and the various designs of lace. He sold these things,
standing behind a counter, to dozens of ladies stand-
ing before the counter, but his soul was far away—
in the air. He day-dreamed of floating up and whis-
pering in the ear of the Sphinx, that peculiar woman
who could live a thousand generations without betray-
ing a secret or uttering a word. He thought that it
would be fine to go slowly over the top of Mount
Ararat and see if. the Ark was still there, where it
had grounded in the days of Noah. He promised him-
self that he would spend a Sunday over the Battle-
field of Gettysburg, a place sacred to him because his
grandfather had died there.

  That noon, as he ate the lunch that he always brought
with him from home, he feverishly read the evening
paper. He was still on the trail of Einstein. It was
a singular coincidence that he found one of the very
facts that he was looking for. It was just a simple
statement to the effect that the Bell Telephone labora-
tories had produced a new alloy called permalloy, which
was particularly sensitive in its relation to magnetism.
When a bar of it was placed above a magnet, the bar
of permalloy rose in the air and floated an inch above
the magnet.

  That made Robert Smith do a lot of thinking. Could
a man pull himself up in the air by lifting on his boot-
THE FLYING FOOL

313

straps? Suppose there was a magnet and resting on it
was a bar of permalloy? Both the magnet and the bar
would be of the same size. The bar is repelled by the
magnet to such a degree that it rises two inches above
it and remains suspended in the air. What Smith
could not make out was this problem. Suppose the bar
was fastened to the magnet so that it could only rise
one inch in the air? But is the other inch to be
ignored? There is a pull there. Would it go up the
extra inch? If it did, it would have to pull the magnet
with it, as they cannot be more than an inch apart. If
it kept on doing that, what was there to keep it from
going on right up into the air? The magnet would
be the same. The permalloy would always try to with-
draw two inches from the magnet, and in doing so,
it would always pull the magnet upward. If it did,
then gravitation would be overcome, and if a man was
seated on the bar, he would go up with the magnet
and the bar.

  Of course, Smith realized that certain formulas
would have to be determined. Just how much should
the bar of permalloy weigh in proportion to the weight
of the magnet? Would the lifting ability of the bar
be in proportion to its weight or in relation to the
size of the magnet. How long would the magnet re-
tain its magnetism? Could it be recharged by elec-
trical induction while it was in the air? But to
Smith’s eager mind these were but details, petty trifles
to be worked out after the larger facts had been de-
termined. What he was sure of was his ability to
rise in the air, provided he had a magnet and a bar
of permalloy and a chair to sit on fastened to the bar.

  Hastily eating his dinner, he went to a public tele-
phone booth and called up the Bell Telephone Company.
Had they any permalloy to sell? To his surprise,
they said they had and how much did he want—it was
ten dollars a pound—in the form of a very fine wire.
He said that he would call them later, and went back
to the ribbon and lace counter. He knew that he
could secure a magnet without difficulty, but how
could he manage with five pounds of wire? For fifty
dollars was about all that he could spend. Even that
was a birthday present that he had carefully con-
cealed from his wife. Then the wonderful thought
came to him. After long months of careful saving
on the part of his wife, she had finally put aside
enough to get a new suit for him—a real tailor-made
suit. There had been several trying periods of measure-
ments and fittings. He would take this five pounds
of fine wire and have the tailor sew it in, in some way,
all through the suit. Then all he would need was a
chair tied to the magnet and himself tied to the chair
—and up they would go.

  “I may be a flying fool,” he whispered to himself,
“but it certainly will be wonderful.”

  It took him several days of going without his lunch
to buy the metal wire and show the puzzled tailor
just what he wanted done. Of course, this increased
the charge for the suit, but Smith paid that himself out
of his personal allowance. He was particular in his
instructions that under no circumstance was his wife
to be told about the wire. He finally obtained a prom-

ise that the suit would be delivered in a few weeks.
As a matter of fact it was delivered and hung in the
moth bag a full week before the rest of the machine
was completed.

IN fancy, Smith was now up in the air. He had taken
no time at all in perfecting a simple arrangement
of wires which, when a button was pressed, would ex-
tract a powerful current of electricity from the at-
mosphere, and this, as everyone has known from the
days of Benjamin Franklin, is constantly surcharged
with this mysterious force. It was no trick at all to
get the magnet and attach to it the wires. He arranged
to have the starting button at the side of his chair. He
was going to press the button; that would greatly in-
crease the magnetism which would repel the permalloy
in his clothes, and up they would go. When he wanted
to come down, he would cease to pull the electricity
from the air, the magnetic force would slowly wear
out, and down he would come, like a thistledown—he
liked the idea of coming down like a thistledown—
any other thought made him shudder.

  But the question of balance bothered him. Suppose
he tilted? And turned over? Where would the pull
come then? Certainly it would be difficult to enjoy a
ride upside down. And landing on the ground, head
first, tied to a chair, would be too ridiculous. Then
he thought of the gyroscope! That solved everything.
It would be the stabilizer. Nothing would be easier
than to have a gyroscope under the chair. All he had
to do was to make the gyroscope the wheel of an electric
motor, with finely adjusted contact mechanisms to re-
duce to a minimum the problem of friction. He could
run the motor from the same electrical source that he
used to electrically induct his magnet. Now, he was
up in the air and was going to stay right-side-up.

  The securing of a small gyroscope was a problem
that almost proved to be too great for the ribbon seller.
He probably never would have solved it were it not for
a friend, who, knowing of his problem, told him of a
small private yacht that was being torn to pieces as
junk. This small pleasure boat had an equally small
gyroscope to keep it from rolling at sea. Smith found
out what the cost was, and it was possible, by selling
some very special jewels left him by his father to buy
that gyroscope. It was very small, but it worked per-
fectly and fitted to perfection in the space under the
seat of the chair. And it was almost noiseless.

  Now he could stay up without turning over. He
could press a button and go up, and another button
and slowly come down, like a thistledown, and all the
time the little gyroscope would keep him right side up.
Now, all his problems were solved and all his money
gone, and he still had the problem of moving through
the air. It would not be very interesting to just go
up from the balcony and stay up for a while and then
come down on the balcony again, though, of course,
that would be pleasant on a hot evening and rather a
relief at other times. But he wanted to move. He
wanted to go somewhere, if only to Coney Island. He
grew rather tired of seeing his wife darn stockings
—every night; though it was dear of her to do so.
314

AMAZING STORIES

  Then, as a last resort, he conceived the idea of using
an electric fan. He could attach it to the back of the
chair, or he could fix it so that it would have a mov-
able point of attachment. Then he could go and come
and perhaps even turn around. He would not go fast
—but he did not want to go fast—He just wanted to
go somewhere and see something. It made no dif-
ference what it was, just so he could get away from
the daily grind of laces and ribbons and ribbons and
laces and more laces and starting to work every morn-
ing and back again every night and stockings—He
was ashamed of himself, but he was nervous about
those stockings, and he knew that it was his fault that
they were not thrown away and new ones bought.
Men were wearing such fancy stockings now-a-days,
but he only got stockings at Christmas as presents from
his wife, and from his mother.

  He had an electric fan. He experimented and found,
to his surprise, that he could run it on electricity taken
from the air in the same way that he was securing
the electric current for the motor of the gyroscope.
And right there Robert Smith hovered on the edge of
becoming a multimillionaire. Had he patented that
little idea and protected the patent, his wife would
have had no more need to darn stockings, but all he
could think of at that time was going up in the air.
He adored calling himself a flying fool. It sounded so
very devilish.

  Naturally, he could not assemble the pieces of this
apparatus without his wife having some idea that a
new invention was in process of birth. But she had
lived through so many of these wonderful money-
making plans that never amounted to a hill of beans,
that this latest effort of her husband’s left her cold
and uninterested. She simply deplored silently and
openly the fact that he was not getting more sleep, as
she was sure this insomnia would result in his lowered
efficiency as a salesman of ribbons and laces, and that,
as she often said, was really the way that they managed
to live from year to year, and it was especially im-
portant now, since little Angelica had come to live
with them. She always said it that way, as though, by
placing the initiative on the baby, she took from her
own shoulders the burden of having made a failure of
the major factor of companionate marriage.

  The Smiths lived in an old-fashioned part of the
city. In fact, unkind friends said behind their backs
that they lived in the slums. However, their house
had a balcony extending back from the second story
and this balcony having no roof, it was especially de-
sirable as a starting and landing place for Smith’s
new anti-gravitation machine. Two small bedrooms
opened out on this balcony by French wipdows. The
fact that the bedrooms connected with each other,
made it an ideal arrangement. The baby slept in one
room and her parents in the other. When she cried,
it was very easy for the one who heard her first to look
after her—and Robert Smith was a light sleeper.

GRADUALLY, Smith assembled his machine on
this balcony. When he was not working at it,
he kept it covered with an old canvas. It just looked

like an old chair to his wife; so, she did not bother it,
and as the weather was cold, she humored him by al-
lowing him to use the electric fan. In her way she
loved him, but, perhaps, her affection would have
equaled her devotion had he been able to secure for
the family a better income. However, she was really
in love with him, and even if life had not brought her
all she had hoped for, she was inclined to be philo-
sophical about it. So she left his funny old chair
alone, and kept on darning the stockings and trying to
make a dollar buy two dollars’ worth of food.

  Finally, the machine was completed. Smith sat in
the chair one night and tested the different parts.
One button started the gyroscope, another started the
fan, while a third made the fan move slowly on its
metal track. There were other buttons connected with
the magnet, but they were useless, so long as he did not
have on his new suit. Several nights after the suit
came he waited till his wife was asleep and then lov-
ingly took it out of the moth bag. The tailor had been
rather skillful in sewing the wire in through the various
garments.

  All was ready. Valuable evenings had been spent
working on the mathematics of the invention. He
wanted to be sure that it was powerful enough to
carry his weight and also the weight of the entire
machine. Even while he was working, the singular
thought came to him that all his calculations were
unnecessary, because if the permalloy was repelled by
the magnet it had to take with it anything that it was
attached to. Right here the idea came to him of a
small circular track, with a block of permalloy on
wheels, constantly retreating from a magnet on wheels.
The very idea of it—the constant revolutions—why,
it was almost perpetual motion—made him so dizzy
that he nearly fell out of his chair, and his wife in-
sisted on his taking a dose of calomel.

  At the end of his calculations he was satisfied that
nothing had been neglected. It was just a question
of putting on that new suit, strapping himself to the
chair and pressing a few buttons. He decided to
wait till the moon was full and that would be just one
more night. Then when he was sure that his wife was
asleep, he would dress and soar. In a peculiar way,
that was hard for him to understand, this first ad-
venture in the air meant freedom to him, and yet he did
not comprehend just what it was that he wanted re-
lease from.

  All that he was afraid of was that it would rain.
Of course, he knew that he could carry an umbrella,
but that seemed, somehow, to be hardly suitable.

  When the next evening came, he found that all of
his fears had been useless. It was not only clear, it
was a wonderful night. A strong wind had cleared
the atmosphere; it was warm; there was hardly a
breath stirring at ten o’clock, and the moonlight was
so strong that it was almost possible to see the print
on a newspaper.

  Mrs. Smith unconsciously helped her husband in
his plans by going to bed early. In fact, she was
sound asleep by nine. The baby had been asleep
for several hours^_Smith tiptoed into their bedroom,
THE FLYING FOOL

315

took the new suit, moth bag and all, and tiptoed into
the baby’s room. There he rapidly and as quietly as
he could, changed suits. He was glad to see how well
the coat and vest fitted him. On his way to the bal-
cony he had to pass the little crib. He paused a mo-
ment, even touched the little girl’s hand. She had
always been a wonder to him—he never fully under-
stood just how it was that she had come into his
life—but at night, as she slept, she was almost a
miracle. For a long minute he hung over the crib, to
satisfy himself that she was breathing. And the love
that passed between them in some way recalled another
love, and he thought of his wife, of what had been, of
their early hopes and ambitions and how, gradually,
one by one those hopes had slowly been blasted, and
now, at the age of nearly fifty, he was still a salesman
of ribbons and laces. He quietly walked to her bed-
side—she was still a pretty woman—and he realized,
as never before, just what she had meant to him and
what she had done for him and sacrificed for him in
all those years of their married life. And in addition,
she had somehow found that little new love of his,
the charming Dresden china baby, Angelica.

  He bent over and kissed her hair and then, sighing,
passed through the door, out on the gallery, where
his soaring invention awaited him. He sat down in the
chair and started to fasten the straps. Everything was
all ready to press the starting button—

  And the baby cried.

SMITH sat still; perhaps she would go to sleep; but
she cried again.

  A woman’s clear voice came to his straining ears:
“Robert, can you take care of the baby? She has
cried twice now and I am sure that she needs atten-
tion. I am s« sleepy, and I know you are still dressed.”
“I will attend to her as soon as I can,” Smith re-
plied. He unstrapped himself and went into the nur-
sery. Sure enough Angelica needed help. With skill-
ful, loving hands, he quietly cared for her, talking lit-
tle nonsense verses to her as he did so, in the hope that
she would not become wide-awake. But she did. When
he left her crib, her little whimperings told him that
she wanted him. She even sat up in bed and the next
moment was standing up, ready to play.

  He tried to persuade her to lie down. He told her
that papa was building a flying machine and if she
was a good girl, he would let her ride in it, like a bird
some day. He had made this promise to her before,
and it had always put her to sleep, but this time it
only seemed to make her more excited.

  “Angie fly birdie,” she insisted.

  Sighing, Robert Smith took his daughter out of the
crib, and then the wonderful thought came to him
that it would be a fine thing to take her with him. He
could hold her in one arm and manage all the buttons
with the other hand. It was a pleasant night, warm,
and he would not go far, perhaps simply go up in the
air for a while and then come right back down again.
He carried Angelica out on the balcony and reseated
himself in the chair. It was a little hard to strap him-

THE

 self in, but he finally did so, and he even found enough
 strap left over to put around the baby.

   She enjoyed it all.

   “Angelica,” whispered the gray-haired man, “your
father is a flying fool and so is his little baby.”
“Angie fly birdie,” cooed the little one.

   Robert Smith shut his eyes. At last he had come to
the parting of the ways. Here was freedom and
adventure and perhaps romance, and he was sure that,
with the baby in his arms, the romance would be of
the purest variety. His heart began to beat faster; he
held the baby so tight that she began to whimper—and
then he pressed the starter button.

   And waited.

   Nothing happened—not a thing was different—sick-
ened with disappointment, he realized that nothing was
going to happen. Somewhere there had been a mistake.

   As he sat there, the little girl went to sleep. Tired
 of waiting, anaesthetized by the fresh air, perhaps a
 little cold, she had cuddled close to her father and gone
 to sleep. Almost as in a dream, Robert Smith un-
 strapped himself and carried his sleeping daughter to
 her crib. She simply relaxed and kept on sleeping.
 Then Smith undressed—he put his new suit back in
 the moth bag and hung it up—and then he prepared for
 bed. Somehow, his wife awoke. It was a rather
 unusual thing for her to do this, and Smith did not
 understand it till she started to talk to him.

   “You know, Robert, a most unusual thing happened
this week, and I have been trying to find time and the
right occasion to tell you about it. You know how I
have planned and saved for that new suit, and how
proud I was to think that at last you were going to
have one tailor-made instead of a hand-me-down. Well,
when that suit came, I examined it very carefully, and
it had the most peculiar wire threaded through it, long
pieces. I worked and worked at it and finally got it
all out, and I took it to a dealer in old metals and he
said he would give a dollar a pound for it, and it
weighed just five pounds. So, there I had five dollars,
and I spent it for stockings for you. I bought you
six pairs, and they are guaranteed to be hole-proof.
You needed some new stockings. I have tried to dam
them as carefully as I could, but I really don’t see how
you could wear them, being on your feet the way you
are all day. Now, how can you explain that wire in
that new suit? I called up the tailor and I believe he
was puzzled himself; at least, he acted so.”

   “It certainly is odd,” answered her husband. “But
I am glad you bought me the new stockings. You sew
too much. Did you buy me striped or colored ones?”
“No. I thought for your ribbon and lace work it
would be better to have black ones. Do you know, I
am wide-awake ? I want to talk. I was reading today
about a man’s claiming that some day men would float
through the air. What do you think of that?”

  “I think that any man who wanted to do a thing
like that would be a flying fool!” said Robert Jones
slowly. Then he forced himself to go to sleep, for
the next day he would be busy, selling ribbons and
laces.

END
u

By Captain S.PMeek, U.S.A.

Author of: “The Murgatroyd Experiment”

ENNETH, there is a legal-looking letter
here for you,” said Rose as I entered the
bungalow.

  “I knew that we had a States mail to-
day,” I replied as I took the letter from
her and sank into an easy chair. “This is probably a
business letter delivered here by mistake.”

  “It’s marked ‘personal.’ ” she objected.

  I tore open the envelope and glanced at the letter.
  “Great Scott” I exclaimed as I sat bolt upright.

  Rose hastened to my side and read the letter over my
shoulder. It contained the news that Thomas Wallace
of New York had died on December 11th as a result of
injuries sustained in an automobile accident. It also
stated that his will had been examined and that I had
been named sole heir to his estate.

  “Sole heir!” exclaimed Rose. “Was he worth much?”
  “About twenty millions,” I replied.

  Rose gasped at the immensity of the sum.

  “Heavens!” she exclaimed. “We’re rich! Who was
he, Kenneth?”

  “He was a living example of the futility of human
wisdom,” I said slowly. “He was a man who was
cursed with too much knowledge and one who fought
unavailingly against fate and waged a battle that he
knew from the start was a losing one.”

  Nine months before when the Berengaria docked
at New York, I was one of the first men down the
gangplank. I had not set foot on the soil of my native
land for nearly fourteen
years, and I was anxious to
see how the atmosphere of
the busiest city in the world
would affect nerves attuned
for nearly a decade and a
half to Peruvian mining
camps. On the dock I
looked eagerly around for
the friend who had prom-
ised to meet me. I saw
nothing that resembled the
trim athletic figure I was ■
expecting and I started for

the far end of the customs shed, when a hand fell on
my shoulder and a tired listless voice sounded in my
ear.

  “You haven’t changed a great deal, Ken,” it said.

  I whirled around, my hand outstretched to greet the
owner of the welcoming voice, but I paused in the act
of greeting him. The alert vigorous figure that I had
expected was not there and it took an effort for me to
recognize my friend in the carelessly dressed individual
who stood before me. It was to be expected that four-
teen years would take some of the bloom of youth

 TJfE read perpetually of plotting curves. For instance,
 by obtaining the necessary data and information, the
 time of future tides can be predicted with exactitude. Certain
 machines are now in use that can solve all kinds of seem-
 ingly unsolvable mathematical problems in a very short space
 of time. It seems to us quite possible that some day some
 scientist and mathematician might attain the apparently “im-
 possible" and learn to plot curves for human beings which
 will result in true prophecies. How desirable such an inven-
 tion might be is another matter. Much philosophising might
 be done on that score. Certainly the author furnishes food
 for thought.

from a man, but Tom Wallace had aged forty years in
that length of time. It was not the droop of his
shoulders or the lines in his face that impressed me;
it was the expression that he wore. His was the face
of a man who had acquired all knowledge and had tasted
all pleasure and had found that wisdom was vanity and
that the taste of pleasure was the taste of wormwood
and ashes. His face was lined with sorrow and grief,
but I have seen faces so marked that still radiated life
and hope and faith in the future. I could not place his
expression for a moment and then it dawned on me
where I had seen a similar one. It was the same ex-
pression that I had seen shortly before his execution on
the face of a criminal condemned to die. It was a face
devoid of hope.

  With an effort I dissembled my surprise and greeted
him heartily. He shook my hand in the same tired
listless way, in which he had spoken and asked about
my luggage. Evidently he was a man of some promi-
nence, for a word from him was enough to secure a
Customs Inspector promptly and to pass me through in
short order. He led the way to a luxurious town car
which waited for us and we rolled off toward his
home.

  “You haven’t changed a great , deal, Ken,” he re-
peated.

  I hesitated for a moment over my reply.

  “You haven’t changed as much as you might have
yourself,” I said, rather tactfully as I thought.

  “You used to be more
truthful than that,” he re-
plied. “You might as well
get used to saying what you
think to me. It won’t hurt
my feelings at all. I'm be-
yond that sort of thing.
How has the world treated
you since I saw you last?”
“I can’t complain. I have
a good position and have
done some good work. I

 ■	■— ■	am up here now to act as

                           adviser on a projected con-
solidation of our properties with those owned by our
leading competitor. If the deal goes through, we will
almost control the copper situation in Peru. How have
you made out?”

  “Ill,—or well, depending on your viewpoint. I
consider it ill.”

  “I heard in a roundabout way that you had made
money.”

  “Oh—money.” He waved his hand contemptuously
as if the thought of mere money made him disgusted.
“Yes, I have made money—more money than I know

316
   What I have described is the machine in its simplest operation of adding a series of simultaneous curves. . . . One great
   improvement that we made was that we eliminated the need for an operator for each curve. One man could do the whole job.

317

     \ *
318

AMAZING STORIES

what co do with. I have been very successful that way.”
  “Is your health good?”

  “I haven’t been sick a day in the last four years.”
  “Has your work gone satisfactorily?”

  “If you refer to the successful completion of the
problem I have spent my life on, it has gone very
satisfactorily. I have completed it.”

  “If you have made good in your work and have good
health and have incidentally made more money than
you know what to do with, what in Sam Hill is the
matter with you?” I demanded warmly.

  “I have no future, no hope, nothing to look forward
to,” he answered tonelessly.

  “No future, my aunt!” I exclaimed. “Why Tom,
you are still young and have many years to look for-
ward to. Think what you can do!”

  "I have just eight months and four days,” he said
drily.

  “I thought you told me that your health was good ?”
I asked in surprise.

  “It is, as good as any one could ask for.”

  “Yet you tell me that you have less than a year to
live,” I remonstrated. “That is hot air, if I may speak
frankly. Even the best doctors, and of course you have
the best, are sometimes mistaken.”

  “I have no doctor. I will die in an automobile acci-
dent.”

  I looked at him sharply. There were no signs of in-
sanity visible to my unpractised eye, but his words made
me doubtful. I had read of cases of monomania of
this type. Indeed I had encountered a case in a native
in Peru, and I had doubts of Wallace’s sanity.

  “I’m not insane,” he said answering my unspoken
question. “I simply know. Do you remember Bob
Jerningham ?”

  I nodded.

  “He is the man who is responsible for my knowl-
edge,” he said. “However, we won’t talk of it now.
When we get him I’ll tell you about it. I am really very
glad to see you. In fact, I think that I would have
sent for you if your letter hadn’t come telling me that
you were on your way. Sit quietly now and recall all
that you can about Bob. It will save me some time and
trouble in explaining if you can recollect him fairly
well.”

  I respected his wishes and sat in silence for the rest
of the drive, trying to recall what I could about Bob
J erningham.

TOM WALLACE and I had been friends after a
fashion in college. We were fraternity brothers
and had lived in the same house for several years and
that accounted for our semi-intimacy, which is all that
it really amounted to. He had a flair for mathematics,
especially of the abstruse and philosophical type, while
my energies had been devoted to the more concrete and
practical studies of the course in mining engineering
that I was pursuing. My only really close association
with Tom had come in my senior year. He had wor-
shipped at the shrine of a local goddess who heeded only
the offerings of athletes and he had come to me asking
for aid in developing athletic ability.

  His frame was too light to offer much hope for suc-
cess in football, and besides, I was captain of the track
team that year, so I persuaded him to come out for
distance running. He had a little latent ability and a
dogged perseverance and a willingness to heed coaching,
all of which enabled me to make a fair two-miler out
of him. He won his letter just before my graduation
and he swore eternal gratitude. His being, in a way,
a protege of mine probably accounted for the desul-
tory correspondence we had carried on ever since.
Our letters were never long but at least each knew
where the other was, and when I came to return to the
United States, he was the only one of my old friends
whom I could locate. Fourteen years in South America
will get a man pretty well out of touch with his friends
in the States.

  I could recall Bob Jerningham faintly, but little more
than the name and a few facts remained in my memory.
Bob had been a graduate student during three of my
four years in college and he had not lived at the
fraternity house. He had some kind of a research fel-
lowship in mathematics and had spent his time mooning
around the mathematical library and the astronomi-
cal observatory, and had only shown up at the house
for supper about once a month. When he did so, his
head was so far in the clouds that he showed little or
no interest in our mundane affairs. I remembered that
he and Tom had been rather close friends, their inti-
macy being no doubt due to their kindred interest in
mathematics, although Jerningham, as I remembered
him, went in for the practical end a little more than
Wallace did.

  The ride ended before an apartment building on
Park Avenue and I followed Tom through the foyer
and up to his rooms. I gasped a little at the mag-
nificence of the furnishings as I entered. It was evi-
dent that he had indeed made “more money than he
knew what to do with.”

  “Now I am ready to talk,” he said as the valet took
our hats and coats and disappeared with them. “What
do you remember about Jerningham?”

  I told him the little that I had managed to recall
and he sat in silence for a few moments.

  “That little won’t help much,” he said. “I’ll have
to tell you the whole thing. However, there’s no hurry
and I presume you would like to tell me about your
mine. Fire away, I have over eight months and you
don’t look as if you were to die soon.”

  “You are getting on my nerves, Tom Wallace,” I
said rather sharply. “You talk as if you knew just
when you were to die and how. You don’t know any
such thing and it’s rather ridiculous to let your mind
brood on any such obsession.”

  He smiled faintly.

  “I will die at exactly seven minutes, four and two-
fifths seconds after eleven o’clock on the morning of
December 11th, 1928, in a private room in the Belle-
vue Hospital,” he said. “I will be injured in an auto-
mobile crash at twenty-two minutes, fourteen and one-
fifth seconds after nine o’clock the evening before. Both
legs will be broken and my spine will be injured so
badly that my recovery will be patently impossible. I
“FUTILITY”

319

will not lose consciousness, but will suffer the agonies
of the damned from the time of the accident until death
literally comes to my relief.”

  I snorted in simulated disgust, but inwardly I was
shaken. Such positiveness as to the time and place of
the accident and such a wealth of detail as to the in-
juries was uncanny. Furthermore, there was a ring of
absolute conviction in his voice.

  “Have you become an oracle of Delphi, able to fore-
tell the future?” I asked with attempted sarcasm.

  “I can foretell the future,” he said simply.

  “How do you do it?” I asked. This time my sar-
casm was real. “Do you use crystal gazing, palmistry
or playing cards? Or do you use the simpler method
of tea-leaves in a cup?”

  He smiled again.

  “I am neither crazy nor the victim of superstition,”
he replied. “I hold no more faith in magic than you
do, but at the same time, I tell you calmly and dis-
passionately, that I can foretell the future.”

  I laughed. It was an impolite thing to do, but I
couldn’t help it. The whole thing was too absurd. My
host, however, took no offense.

  “Your laughter is simply an exhibition of ignorance,”
he said tonelessly. “The whole thing is purely a matter
of applied mathematics. Jerningham and I worked it
out, or rather, he worked it out with a little aid from
me on some of the principles of pure mathematics.
How did you think that I made my money?”

  I professed my ignorance of his modus opcrandi and
he went on.

  “I made it in the stock market. Since I was able to
predict with mathematical accuracy the movements of
any stock, all I needed was a shoestring to start on.
I ran my original capital of less than a thousand dollars
up to twenty millions with only one single loss. That
was caused by my carelessness in making a computa-
tion.”

1WAS properly impressed by his statement. No
matter how he did it, any man who was able to per-
form the feat that he had named was entitled to re-
spect.

  “Can you predict other things?” I asked.

  “I can predict anything for which I have, or can
gather, the necessary data,” he replied.

  “Can you tell me when I am to die?” I asked.

  He started as though I had struck him.

  “I can,” he answered, “but I am not cruel enough to
do so, unless I am sure that you realize just what you
are asking.”

  “Why cruel?” I asked. “I really would like to
know. It wouldn’t worry me at all to have that infor-
mation. We all have to die some time and I think that
it would be an advantage to know just when.”

  “That is the folly of ignorance,” he said bitterly.
“I don’t blame you though. I thought the same thing
mvself once. Stop to consider what you are asking for
a moment. I will admit that we know that we all have
to die some time, but we don’t realize it. Each person
looks forward with equanimity to the time when his
friends or even his loved ones will die, but he can’t re-

alize the fact of his own rapidly approaching death.
Death, to each of us, seems a thing apart from our-
selves. We don’t say so, even in our own minds, but
each in his innermost consciousness fancies himself
immortal and doesn’t realize that the death, which he
knows is inevitable for others, is also inevitable for
himself. It is this thought, or rather this internal con-
viction of immortality that keeps us going. Think now,
if you knew that you were to die in nine days, what in-
terest would you have in life? What could you do in
nine days?”

  “I don’t expect to die in nine days,” I replied.

  “You prove my point,” he went on. “Thousands of
people are going to die in the next nine days; why
shouldn’t you be one of them ? There is no reason why
you shouldn’t, yet you refuse to even consider the pos-
sibility. Your answer is the same that would be given
by every one of the thousands who are going to die,
even those who are on the bed of a fatal sickness.”

  “If I had your ability to foretell the future, I’d live
forever,” I retorted. “For instance, you are going to
die in Bellevue Hospital the morning of December 11th.
If I were in your shoes, instead of waiting here like a
sheep for the slaughter, I’d be in China on December
10th.”

  “I don’t say that I shall die in Bellevue Hospital
if I ivcrc there,” he said, “I said that I shall die there.
I have checked my figures and calculations a hundred
times and there is no error in them. It is the truth
and there is no way to evade fate, as Jerningham found
out.”

  “The whole proposition is a palpable absurdity,” I
exclaimed. “A prediction of the future can be, at best,
only a shrewd guess. An accurate prediction such as
you pretend to have made is an impossibility.”

  “It is impossible for you to take a white rabbit out
of a silk hat,” he answered, “but any third-rate magi-
cian can do it. It is impossible to hear music played
a thousand miles away when there is no material con-
nection, yet every schoolboy with his home-made radio
set accomplishes the feat daily. The discovery that
Bob and I made is merely a slight advance, a very
slight advance, over commonplace everyday mathemati-
cal and mechanical knowledge, and is a discovery that
may be duplicated by any man with Jerningham’s brain.
If no such man arises, the problem will be solved by a
series of minute steps, slowly and painstakingly made,
by men of less mentality. The development may take
several hundred years, but it will come sooner or later.
Two of the important steps in the process have already
been made and are in daily use. However, I expect
that I had better go back to the beginning and trace
the whole development for you.”

  He leaned back and lighted a cigar and studied the
smoke thoughtfully.

  “During your last year in college, Bob Jerningham
and I were pretty close friends,” he began, “but it was
not until the next year that we became really intimate.
I was doing some rather advanced work on transcen-
dental functions, and that brought us into contact, for
some of his work tied in with mine rather closely.
The longer and more intimately I knew him, the more
320

AMAZING STORIES

I appreciated the quality of his mind. He was easily
the most brilliant man of this generation. Einstein
is a schoolboy compared to what Jerningham was. In
addition to his immense mathematical ability, he had a
practical ability in a mechanical line, that was little
short of genius.

  “We became more intimate as the year wore on and
when I graduated, he insisted that I stay at the Uni-
versity for at least two more years and do research
work in mathematics in some problems in pure mathe-
matics that he wanted worked out. I had about ex-
hausted my funds, but Jerningham seemed to have
plenty of money and he offered to stake me to all ex-
penses and pay me a pretty good salary if I would work
on his problems. He was good enough to say that he
thought that my ability would make me worth what it
cost him. In short, I stayed.

  “I didn’t learn a great deal about the particular prob-
lem that he was working on, but some of the things he
gave me to work out were cautions. He would bring
in a mass of data that he wanted collated and cata-
logued and curves plotted and calculated from, usually
in polar coordinates, and would leave it to me to
wrestle with. Sometimes it would take me three months
to get the curve that he wanted. When I had it com-
pleted, he would check it over in a few minutes and
would sometimes put his finger on an error that would
require a month of careful checking and recalculating
to rectify.

  “I put in two years at this sort of mathematical
hack work before he saw fit to confide to me the object
of his investigations. It was nothing less than an in-
strument that would enable him to calculate and predict
future events.”

  “Such an idea would have been enough to show me
that he was as crazy as a coot,” I interrupted.

  “Yes?” said Wallace drily. “Well, it didn’t show me
any such a thing. It showed me merely the greatness
and genius of the man. Why are you so sure that
future events cannot be calculated?”

  “Principally because it has never been done.”

  “It has been done a great many times. Have you
never heard of the predicting of eclipses?”

  “Eclipses are simple to predict,” I retorted. “All
that is necessary is to calculate the movements of cer-
tain bodies that follow definite and well-known laws.
Besides they aren’t done by a machine.”

“Lj' VERYTHING follows definite laws although
JL many of them are not well-known,” he replied,
“and the only reason why eclipses are not predicted
by machine is because there are so few of them that
it would be uneconomical to make a robot to do the
work. As far as mechanical calculating is concerned,
you are, of course, perfectly familiar with adding
machines and other forms of mechanical calculators.
Why, even as long ago as when you were in college, a
vastly more complicated machine than an eclipse pre-
dictor would be, was known and in common use. I
refer to the harmonic analyzer.”

  “That is entirely different,” I protested. “The har-
monic analyzer doesn’t predict anything, it merely takes

a complex curve and breaks it up into a lot of simple
harmonic curves, which, combined together, will make
the original curve which was fed into it.”

  “Yet it is a robot that works on the reverse of the
principles of Jerningham’s predictograph,” he answered.
“You realize, of course, that when it is possible to
make a machine that will analyze or break into its com-
ponent parts a complex curve, it should be, and in fact
is, easy to construct a machine that will reverse the
process and take a number of simple curves and com-
bine them into one complex curve. Such a machine,
Jerningham made. ,It is on this principle that the tide
predictor in the hydrographic office at Washington
is built.”

  “What machine is that?” I asked.

  “It is a robot that will accurately and positively pre-
dict the tides on any given date in any port in the
world twenty years in advance,” he replied. “That
happens to be a relatively simple matter. There are
only a few variables entering into tidal movements
and their laws of variation are well known. It was
very easy for Jerningham to make a machine which
would take the curves representing the rate of change
of these variables and combine them into a curve that
would give the time and height of the tide in any port
for which the data was supplied to it. There is no
mystery about that machine; it is being used daily.”
“That is news to me,” I said.

  “A machine of that type was the first and simplest
machine which he constructed,” Wallace went on. “His
next one was on a little different mechanical principle
and somewhat resembling the one announced recently
by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. You
probably read about that, the papers were full of it.”
“I read something about it, but I don’t profess to
understand it,” I replied.

  “It is a splendid mechanical job,” he said, “but the
principle is not hard to grasp. It consists of a number
of variable speed electric motors, whose speed is con-
trolled by arms attached to them ending in pointers.
By moving a pointer attached to the control arm of
the motor along a curve plotted out to scale, the speed
of the motor is made to vary according to the value of
the ordinates of the curve. If you have an operator
to each curve you are using, each operator can vary
the speed of one of the motors according to the
ordinates of the curve before him. Thus you will have
a number of motors, each running with a speed pro-
portionate to the value of the ordinates of a different
curve. It is necessary to synchronize the movements
of the operators so that the abscissa value of each
curve will be the same at any given moment. Do you
understand ?”

  “That much seems simple enough,” I admitted.
“Each of these motors has its separate influence on
a central pointer which is extended or retracted ac-
cording to the combined speed of all of the individual
motors, and which, as it moves along a sheet of paper
at the same abscissa speed as is being used on the pri-
mary curves, plots a curve which is the resultant of the
primary curves. What I have described is the machine
in its simplest operation of adding a series of simul-
“FUTILITY”

321

taneous curves. By making slight modifications, one
or more of the curves can be subtracted while the
others are being added, or, by further complications, one
of the curves may be made to multiply or divide the
others which may in turn be adding, subtracting, mul-
tiplying or dividing one another, according to the way
the robot is set. Am I making myself clear?”

  “I begin to have some idea of it,” I replied. “It
sounds practicable.”

  “Practicable? It’s in daily operation,” he said. “That
was only the second step in Jerningham’s program. He
had got that far by the end of my second graduate year
and it was then that he suggested that we leave the
University where we were rather restricted in our
work and come here to New York where we could be
more independent. I was interested by this time, and
as he offered me the same terms that he had offered
me at college—that is, my expenses and a fair salary
—I came with him. We established ourselves with our
apparatus in a building which he rented and went ahead
with our experiments.

  “By the end of another year we had constructed
a machine that would handle a hundred separate var-
iables at one time, performing any operations with any
curve that we wished. One great improvement that we
made was that we eliminated the need for an operator
for each curve. One man could do the whole job. In
addition to adding, subtracting, multiplying and divid-
ing, the robot would extract any desired root or raise to
any desired power or would apply any natural or
transcendental function to them. That was the part
that I worked out.

  “We got the machine ready and tried it out. It
worked perfectly and then Jerningham announced that
we would have to quit. He had run out of money.

“''t'HAT news was rather a body blow to me, for

  X I had become as enthusiastic about the machine
as he was. I had a little money saved from the salary
which he had paid me and I put this at his service
but it was too little to make a great amount of differ-
ence. While we were arguing about what we would do,
I received word that an uncle of mine had died and
had left me about twelve thousand dollars and I wanted
to hand that over to Bob. He refused to take it at first
for he knew that it was all that I had and he could
see no immediate commercial value to his machine.
Then it was that I got my great idea which cursed
both our lives.

  “I suggested that we put our robot to a practical use.
Since we were both convinced by this time that every-
thing happened according to natural laws as the product
of certain variables, I suggested that we cease work on
the machine itself and devote our time to determining
some of the rates of change of variables that we could
turn to monetary profit. The stock market suggested
itself as a logical starting place.

  “It took us two years to collect the data and plot
the curves representing the eighty-three variables that
we found affected the market on two active stocks
which we selected for our first venture. When we had
the data in usable shape, we ran it through the pre-

dictograph and obtained a curve which was supposed to
show the variations in the price of these stocks for
the next year. One of them was not so very active,
so we let it go and concentrated our attention on the
other one. We weren’t quite broke, so we devoted the
next three months to minor refinements in our calcu-
lations, meanwhile watching the ticker and checking
up on our curve. It proved to be absolutely accurate
and we were ready to start our financial operations.”
“There is one thing that I don’t understand,” I
broke in. “I can easily understand how you could cal-
culate the price which your stock ought to sell at
from your data, but I don’t see how you managed to
take account of the actions of the buyers and sellers.
In other words, it seems to me that you have left
human nature out of your calculations.”

  “We didn’t leave it out. It was one of the eighty-
three variables that we considered. While at that
time we were unable to predict with any probability of
accuracy the actions of any given individual, we had
found that it was easy to predict with absolute cer-
tainty, the actions of ninety-nine per cent of humanity
and that was enough to work on. The remaining one
per cent didn’t affect the market enough to vitiate our
curve. I’ll describe later some of the troubles we en-
countered when we attacked the problem of the lone
individual. But to get on with my story.

  “By the time that we were ready to start speculating,
although with our knowledge it wasn’t really a specu-
lation, we had less than a thousand dollars left. We
talked the matter over and decided to make a lot right
away or go broke, so we dug up a broker who would
let us stretch our margin out pretty thin and we piled
our whole lot on our chosen stock and sat back and
waited for things to happen. They happened all right,
exactly as our curve predicted and we made money fast.
As the stock rose, we pyramided. When it was due for
a small setback, we would sell enough to get our margin
on a firm basis and ride the depression out. When a
big retrogession was due, we would sell out and then
sell short and whipsaw the market going and coming.
We kept this up for several months and then took our
profits which amounted to about two hundred thousand
dollars and went back to our work.

  “We didn’t want ever to be financially embarrassed
again, so our first task was to determine and calculate
the variable on a bunch of selected stocks which would
give us wider latitude for our operations. We dis-
carded the less active ones, but we accumulated data
on thirty and went back to the market. It was a sure
thing. We cleaned up over twenty millions and then
quit for good. One thing happened that alarmed us
for a short time. Twenty-nine of our stocks behaved
according to specifications, but one didn’t. However,
when we checked back, we ascertained the cause. It
was due to my carelessness in misplacing a decimal in
calculating one of the primary curves and not to any
fault of the machine.”

  “Didn’t the war interfere with your work?”

  “No. We tried to enlist in the army early in the
game, but they wouldn’t have either of us. Bob had
poor eyesight and I turned out to have flat feet, so
322

AMAZING STORIES

we were both exempted. We tried for a while to fit
into other work than fighting, but there were a dozen
applicants for every white collar job and we couldn't
see where it would help materially to win the war, if
we put on overalls and kept a good mechanic out of a
job, so we stuck at our work.

  “The war turned every one’s thoughts toward the
uncertainty of human life, and Bob conceived the idea
of determining the variables that went to make up a
human’s life span. That was where we ran into the
variable of human nature in the individual but Bob
finally solved the problem. I won’t bother to go into
details, but by testing the reaction to certain definite
stimuli, the temperament of an individual can be de-
termined with great exactness. It was not an easy
problem and it took eight years of research and calcu-
lation and we made a good many errors at first, but
in the end we were able to classify people on the basis
of a series of ‘temperamental index readings,’ as we
called them.”

  “How many variables did you find?” I asked.

  “Nine hundred and thirty-four,” he replied.

  “It must have taken some machine to handle them
all at once,” I exclaimed.

  “The machine would have covered an acre of ground
if we had been forced to combine them all in one
calculation,” he said, “but as it happened, we didn’t
have to. We found that they were divided up into
groups which interacted upon and affected one another.
The number in a group ran from twelve to ninety-one
and there were twenty-two groups. Our method was to
obtain a resultant curve for each group and then a
grand resultant from the twenty-two. When the final
curve ran to zero, we believed that it represented the
end of the life span of the individual.

T rHEN we had perfected our method, as we

  VV thought, we had to find some way of testing
the accuracy of it. There was a murder trial going on
in the state at the time and we obtained permission
from the Governor to make some tests on the accused.
They thought we were trying to establish his sanity
and we let the authorities think so, but we were really
trying to tell when he would die. When we got the
curve finished, it showed his early death. We watched
the trial pretty closely and when he was acquitted, we
felt pretty sick. However, less than two weeks later
he was shot to death, presumably by some gangster,
and as near as we could determine, we had hit the time
of his death to the fraction of a second.

  “That encouraged us, but we wanted more cases.
We obtained them through the courtesy of a hospital
who allowed us to take readings on certain of their
patients, with the patient’s consent, of course. We
made twenty calculations and in every case where our
prediction showed an early death, it happened on
scheduled time. Two of our test cases are living yet
and according to our curves have a good many years of
life ahead of them.

  “Now I must digress a little in order that you may
understand the rest of the story.

  “When we first came to New York we had acquired,

along with the rest of our office furnishings, a stenog-
rapher. I don’t remember her name, but it doesn’t
matter for she left soon and another took her place.
We changed a number of times, usually getting a worse
one than the one we lost, but the worst that wre ever
got, was the one we took on just before we had com-
pleted our string of calculations. Her name was Mabel
Thompson and she was as good looking as home made
sin, but that is all I can say for her. I took her out to
supper a couple of times, but as soon as I found that
she had blond hair inside her skull instead of brains,
the blond hair on the outside of it lost its attractiveness
and I dropped her. I had to, anyway, the competition
was too hot.

  “I suppose that it was the attraction of opposites
that was the cause, for she was just as brainless as
Bob was brainy. Whatever the reason, he fell hard,
and while I don’t think she cared for him particularly,
she had a bad case on his bank roll and she hooked
him nicely. Bob began to think about her instead
of his work and I urged him to go ahead and marry her.
I figured that a month of Mabel would cure him, and
she could get the divorce and alimony that I was sure
figured in her plans, and Bob could get to work with a
clear head again.

  “They became engaged all right and she promptly
planned a year-long trip around the world for a honey-
moon. That rather worried Bob, for he had conceived
a greater idea than any he had had before, and he
didn’t relish losing a year, even for Mabel. She was
anxious to marry him and start spending his roll, but
she was foxy enough to pretend great and absorbing
interest in bis work and she hung around the office all
the time—in order to keep an eye on her successor, I
fancied.”

  “I thought you said that she was working for you,”
I remarked.

  “She was, but when she and Bob became engaged, I
suggested that it would be a good idea to discharge her
with two years’ salary in order to let her get ready
for the wedding. Bob agreed and we got a girl who
didn’t spell principle with an ‘al’.

  “She was more or less in the way in the laboratory
and to quiet her and keep her away from Bob, I took
a lot of temperamental index readings on her and
gathered other data that would enable me to predict her
life span, although at that time, I had no idea of
doing it.

  “The great idea that Bob was working on wras a
method of calculating not only the time, but also the
place and manner of an individual’s death. That intro-
duced a lot of extra complications and variables and for
a while threatened to stump us, but Bob had made up
his mind to postpone his wedding until he solved the
problem and he worked like a demon and drove me as
if I were a slave. His genius became even more
scintillating under the stimulus of his affair with Mabel
and he solved the problem. One day he made the final
calculation and we looked on a system of curves that
would enable us, given the data, to predict not only the
time, but also the place and manner of the death of any
individual on whom we could secure sufficient facts. Of
“FUTILITY”

323

course, it wasn’t confined to the death of a person, al-
though that was the most important event. By supply-
ing data, we could predict any event that would happen.

  “For some time we checked our method by experi-
menting on one another in minor affairs. For instance,
Bob would determine what color tie I would wear the
next day, or I would predict what he would have for
dinner the next night, and little things like that. When
the event had happened we would compare notes and we
never found ourselves in an error.

uTT THEN we had checked our method to our satis-

  W faction, on one momentous day, we assembled
all of the needed data and ran a determination of my
future life and the time and circumstances of my death.
It was on that day that I found when and where I
would ‘go west.’ It was something of a shock to see
my death predicted so soon, but I thought of the same
thing that you suggested, namely, that on the day I
was due to die in New York, I would be in China or
somewhere else. It really didn’t worry me much at
first.

  “After we had finished calculating my demise, we
ran a curve on Bob and then we got a real shock.
Bob was due to die in just thirty-nine days. He was
to die in a railroad accident near Lima, Ohio. He
looked at me with a funny expression when he read
the curve and the same idea that had struck me struck
him.

  “ ‘When that time comes, I’ll be a good many miles
from Ohio,’ he said with a laugh.

  “I agreed with him as to the wisdom of that and we
began to make plans. We decided that the best bet
for him would be to take a train for San Francisco
the next evening and sail from there to Hawaii. As he
pointed out, he could get to San Francisco in four days
and he would be safe in Honolulu long before the
day came when he was due to die in Ohio. We both
laughed at the way in which we were going to cheat
fate.

  “When we had perfected the plans, it struck Bob
that it would be a fine idea to marry Mabel the next
morning and start his honeymoon. It sounded all
right, but I suggested that we run through the data
that I had gathered on her and see how her curve
looked. He agreed and we assembled the data, plotted
our curves and ran a resultant. It showed that Mabel
had only seventeen days to live and that she would die
of poisoning in Honolulu.

  “We both of us looked rather funny when we saw
that.

  “ ‘Apparently, that idea won’t work,’ said Bob with a
sickly grin. ‘If I stay around here, something is liable
to take me to Ohio and if I go to Hawaii and take Mabel
with me, I am sealing her death warrant.’

  “ ‘The best thing for you to do,’ I told him, ‘is to
write Mabel a letter and tell her what you have learned
and warn her not to leave New York for a while.
In the meantime, you go to Hawaii where you are
safe. Mabel can join you as soon as her seventeen
days are up; in fact she can start from here in ten days
if she wants to, and you can be married there. After

your honeymoon you can come back and we can go on
with our work. Meanwhile, I’ll keep things moving
to the best of my ability.”

  “Bob agreed with my plan and so far as I knew, he
carried it out. He gave me a letter to mail to Mabel
and he took the flyer the next night for Chicago on his
way west. I mailed the letter after seeing him off and
went back to work, expecting that the next word that I
received from Bob would be that he had sailed. You
can imagine my astonishment when I received, late
the next night, a wire from Chicago telling that Bob
was in the Presbyterian Hospital there. The wire said
that he was unconscious, but he had been recognized
by papers in his pockets and the papers indicated that
I was the logical one to be notified.

  “I went to the telephone and called Mabel, for I
thought that she ought to know about it and I was sure
that she would want to go to Chicago with me. Mabel
had gone. I asked where, and when I was told, I nearly
fainted. She had left on the flyer that evening for
Chicago, cn route to Honolulu. I couldn’t get any
satisfaction out of her landlady except that her ‘boy
friend had sent her a ticket and told her to come.’ I
began to wonder if we were really as smart as we
thought we were about beating fate. I called up the
airport and was lucky enough to get a place on the
mailplane to Chicago the next day.

  “When I got there, I found that Bob was still un-
conscious. He had had a four-hour lay-over in Chi-
cago and he had apparently taken a taxi in order to
kill time. The taxi had been smashed up at the corner
of Madison and State streets and Bob had been rushed
to the hospital unconscious and had remained so.

  “There was nothing that I could do for him and I
did just that. All that I could do was to look up Hon-
olulu boats and figure out which one Mabel would
take. I thought she would take the first one, so I
wired her in care of it and told her what had happened
to Bob and told her to read his last letter and be guided
by the advice he had given her in it about staying in
New York for a while. Later on I would have given
a good deal to have recalled that wire.

  “In due time I received an answer from her. Mabel
proved herself to be just as dumb as I thought she
was. She wired back something to the effect that she
knew that I would like to break up her match with
Bob, but that she knew that Bob was in Honolulu and
that she was going there and that she wasn’t fooled at
all by my wire. I saw then that there was no use in
trying to stop her. especially as she had waited and sent
the wire just before the boat was due to sail.

‘•"DOB didn’t recover consciousness for a week and

  D when he did he was too weak to stand a shock, so
I didn’t tell about Mabel. He asked for her, but I told
him that I had thought it better not to alarm her, and
I allowed him to think that she was safe in New York.

  “He gained strength very slowly. As the day for
Mabel’s death approached, he got pretty nervous, but
when the day passed off without anything happening, he
looked relieved and the next day he was quite cheerful
again.
324

AMAZING STORIES

  “ ‘I guess we cheated fate all right, Tom,’ he said,
‘There is really no reason why Mabel shouldn't come to
Chicago and I'd like to see her. Wire her to come,
won’t you?’

  “I stalled him off and he appeared satisfied. It never
occurred to me to censor or even look at the daily paper
before he saw it and as it happened, there wasn’t a
thing in the one I saw. The nurse brought him a dif-
ferent one and there, on the front page, was a head-
lined account of Mabel's death. She had talked a good
deal on the voyage and the reporters had got hold of
the romantic angle of the affair and her death by
ptomaine poisoning was news therefore. The hour and
minute of her death corresponded exactly with the time
we had predicted when allowance was made for the
difference in time between Honolulu and New York.

  “The shock threw Bob into a relapse and he was
unconscious for another two days. When he recovered
his senses, the police were after him.”

  “The police?” I asked in astonishment.

  “They were indeed,” said Tom. “The Honolulu
police investigated her death and looked through her
effects and among other things they found Bob’s letter
telling her that she would die of poisoning on that
date unless she obeyed his instructions. He hadn’t told
her where she was to die, but he told her that he was
leaving for Honolulu and told her to follow him in ten
days after he left. He had enclosed a check for her
expenses. Whether the girl misunderstood him or
whether she paid no attention to the part of the letter
telling her when to come, no one will ever know, but
the facts were that she had hustled off to Honolulu on
the fastest trains and boats that she could connect
with.

  “The police found Bob’s letter and also the wire that
I had sent her at San Francisco and they had wired
Washington of their suspicions and asked that Federal
warrants be issued for both of us. The Department of
Justice soon located us and the warrants were for-
warded to Chicago and we were both arrested.

  “Fortunately my wire had been so worded that there
was really nothing to hold me on, except possibly as a
material witness and I was admitted to bail and was
able to go back to the hospital and keep an eye on Bob.

  “He recovered slowly and I wished that he would
recover even more slowly for he was pronounced fit
for travel too soon to suit me. I figured that he was
safe there in the hospital and I would have kept him
there longer. The day that the surgeon said he could
be discharged was two days before we had figured out
that he would die in Ohio. Hawaii being a territory,
he had been arrested on a Federal warrant and no ex-
tradition proceedings were necessary. The Department
of Justice men told us that we would both be taken to
Washington for a preliminary hearing before being sent
to Hawaii for trial. We didn’t learn of this plan to
take him east until the day that he was pronounced
fit to travel.

  “I was still free on bail and you can bet your life
that I allowed no grass to grow under my feet. I
got the best legal talent in Chicago to handle the local
end and I wired to New York and got the best legal

talent there on the job. I told the New York men to
go to Washington and get busy. The orders that I
gave to all the lawyers were that no matter what else
happened or what it cost, they were to keep Bob from
being taken east for seventy-two hours. After that
time had passed, nothing would matter.

  “The lawyers did their best. The first order that
came from Washington was to the effect that Bob was
to be taken at once, but just before train time another
wire came, ordering a delay of seventy-two hours.
When we saw the second wire, we shook hands and
told each other that we had won the battle.

  “So we had for a time, but the next morning another
message came from the Attorney-General’s office stating
that the delay had been rescinded and that he was to
be brought at once. I asked what train we were to
take and sure enough, it was one that would put him
into Lima just on time to meet the wreck that we had
predicted.

  “Our Chicago lawyers tried to do something, but
they didn’t accomplish anything except to run up huge
bills. The train that was chosen was a poor one and
as a last resource, I offered to pay the extra fare for
Bob and both his guards if they would take another
train that left Chicago three hours earlier and which
passed through Lima over four hours before the acci-
dent was due to happen. The choice of the train was
more or less a matter of choice for the Department of
Justice operators who were to guard him, and when
I bribed them to the extent of offering to provide a
drawing room and free meals for all concerned, they
agreed that it would be no dereliction of duty on their
part to take an earlier train.

  “We took the earlier train and everything went well
until we left Fort Wayne, Indiana. We were rolling
along on schedule time and again we were congratu-
lating ourselves on having won out. About five miles
out of Fort Wayne, our train came to a grinding stop.
We stood for some time and when the conductor came
through I asked him the trouble.

  “ ‘Burned out bearing in our •engine,’ he said. ‘We
have sent for another one and we’ll be on our way
soon.’

  “ ‘How long will we be delayed ?’ I asked.

  “ ‘Not over three hours,’ he told me.

  “Bob looked at me with a funny smile. There was
nothing that I could say.

•‘^T'HE three hours passed and then some. It was

  JL nearly four hours before a relief engine was
hooked on and we started. We were still a little ahead
of the accident time, but it was soon evident that the
relief engine was not as powerful as the big one usually
used on the limited and that we were losing time. Bob
looked at his watch as we neared Lima.

  “ ‘I guess I have about twelve minutes left,’ he said
with a sort of a sick grin.

  “I tried to laugh him out of that mood, but I had no
luck. In point of fact, I had begun to think that he
was right. Suddenly an idea struck him.

  “‘I’ve got time enough to make my will,’ he said.
‘Give me a pen and some paper.’
“FUTILITY”

325

  “I handed him my pen and he proceeded to write out
a will in which he left everything he had in the world
to me. The Department of Justice men were willing
to humor him and they signed as witnesses. When
the witnessing was completed, Bob handed the will
to me.

  “ ‘Good-bye, old man,’ he said. ‘You will survive the
wreck all right you know, and this will fixes it up so
that you get what plunder we have gathered. Don’t
worry about me. Since Mabel has gone, I can’t say
that death has any very great terrors for me.’

  “He turned and looked out of the window. I had
a pretty big lump in my throat and I felt like hitting
the detectives who took the whole matter as a huge
joke. We swung around a curve.

  “ ‘This must be about the time and place,’ said Bob
as he looked at his watch. ‘I hope that none of the
rest of you—’

  “We were suddenly thrown forward and our brakes
squealed. I tried to recover my balance and then
came a terrific crash as our train ran head-on into a
freight that should have been sidetracked. I recovered
consciousness two hours later in a hospital in Lima.
My first question was about Bob. He had been taken
from the wreck dead.”

  Tom’s voice died away and I sat for a moment in
silence.

  “A curious tale,” I said at length. “It was a funny
coincidence.”

  “Mabel’s death might have been a coincidence,” he
replied, “and I was tempted at first to think so, but
Bob’s wasn’t. I am firmly convinced that neither of
them can be explained by that method. It was merely
that our predictograph told the truth. That is why I
told you that I have little interest in life because I
have no future.”

  “You said that you would have sent for me, if
you hadn’t received my letter saying that I was on my
way to New York,” I reminded him. “Why?”

  “For this reason,” he said. “As I told you, I have
less than a year of life left and no one knows anything
about the predictograph. I am a lone wolf and have
no one dependent on me. I will leave my entire fortune,
which is over twenty millions, to you on one condi-
tion.”

  “And that is?” I asked.

  “On the condition that you will let me teach you
how to operate the machine and that you will let me
figure your life span for you.”

  “What if I refuse to take it on those terms?”

  “In that case, I am going to destroy it.”

  I thought rapidly for a moment. The prospect was
certainly alluring. Riches beyond even my dreams,
would be mine and with them, almost endless power.
I could tell in a moment whether the merger we were
working on would go through, and that piece of in-
formation alone would enable me to make another for-
tune in the stock market. I could find out just how
happy and successful I was going to be and that
knowledge of future success might help to tide me over
some periods of hard going. On the other hand, sup-
pose it predicted failure and misery instead! Since its
predictions could not be evaded, would not that fore-
knowledge sour my whole life?

  Next I thought of Rose. I was going to ask her a
very important question when I returned to Peru if
the merger went through. I could know her answer
in advance and would also know just how long we
would each live— Here the thought of Bob’s experience
intruded itself. I gave a searching look at Tom
Wallace’s face and made up my mind.

  “No, Tom,” I said rising, “I don’t believe that I
want it. You had better destroy it.”

  “I’m sorry,” he said in his toneless voice as he rose.
  “Why?” I asked, slightly surprised.

  “It would have given me a fresh hope of life if you
had accepted,” he replied. “The predictograph told me
that you would refuse.”

THE END

READERS’ VOTE OF PREFERENCE

Stories I like:	Stories I do not like:

1.................................................................................. 1..........................................................

2.................................................................................. 2..........................................................

3.................................................................................. 3..........................................................

Why:	Why:

    This is YOUR magazine. Only by knowing w’hat stories you like, can we please you. Fill out this
coupon, or copy it and mail it to Amazing Stories, 230 Fifth Avenue, New York City, telling us what
type of story—interplanetary, biological, psychological, archeological or other kind—you prefer.

I prefer ............................................................................................................................................................

Name .............................................................................City ................................................................................

Address ..........................................................................State ...............................................................................
Tfie SPACE HERMIT

         'Ey E. Edsel Newton

Sails Tells a Fantastic Story

     ^SAT near the main hangar on Poppy Field,
  five miles from San Bernardino, when Sails
  came in. He made a perfect three point
  landing and sprang from his plane with
  youthful agility and ran straight to me.
  There was an anxious look in his eagle eyes. He
  turned with intent glances to the sky from which he
  had flown.

     “Something wrong?” I asked. He shook his head
   like a mad bull. He shaded his eyes with his hand
   then rubbed them furiously. His big body was shaking
   like a leaf.

      “Yes, Hell’s broke loose,” he said dramatically, and
   again he turned and looked into the northern sky. I
   arose and stood beside him.

     “Claxon!” I asked. “Cracked up?”

     He breathed furiously. “Yes—smashed, and ten
   thousand feet up.”

      I stepped back and stared at him and studied him long
   and hard before I could speak.

“You don’t mean he smashed in the air—collision?”

     Sails was nervously upset. He did not answer im-
   mediately.

      “Come into the office, Metters, and close the door,”
   he said. “And be sure and keep this under your hat for
   the present.”

     We went inside. He sat across the desk from me,
   still shaking his head as if some fantastic, unbelievable
   scene had come before his eyes. Apparently he had suf-
   fered a great shock, but I could not bear his silence.

      “Good God, Man, tell me!” I pleaded.

     “Hardly know where to begin,” he said between
   breaths. “Any way, Met-
   ters, a flying man expects
   the air to be clean of—of
   v physical obstructions, does
   he not?”

“Sure,”
what—”

He ignored me after that.

   It seemed that he was ab-
   sorbed in a nightmare and
   talking in a fitful sleep.

   “Claxon and I were at
   eleven thousand feet when

   my motor spat. I gave up the climb and leveled off. He
   followed me—he was always a good student—and I
   thought it would be funny to drop a barrel and see if
   he did the same, and again leveled off a few hundred
   yards to the east. I climbed again, and he followed.
   Again at ten thousand we leveled off and started at
   full throttle back to the field when I saw a curious object
   before us. I don’t believe he saw it. It seemed like a

sort of dirigible car made of glass and there was a man
standing inside it and staring at us. That’s all I saw
of him when Claxon smashed the Waco right into the
thing.”

  I gasped. I could not doubt Sails.

  “I circled and started back to get a good view of
whatever it was up there. I got only a glimpse of it
before it disappeared like a bullet into the sky above.
It looked like a huge glass fish turned on its side with
a cabin suspended underneath, and it was transparent
and I could see inside the thing. Shades were drawn
in the after part of the cabin.” He stopped abruptly.
“Perhaps I shouldn’t discuss this with you, Metters,”
he said. “I know you won’t give it much credit—no
one could be expected to. I hardly believe it myself.”
“But you’ve got to report to the commission about
the accident,” I reminded him. “Where did the Waco
crash to the ground ?”

  “Didn’t see it after the crash. I suppose it’s about
ten miles north of here in the hills—if it came down.”
“You doubt that it did?”

“I don’t know,” he sighed, still looking at the sky
through the window. “Whatever happens, don’t repeat
this. The thing will be settled somehow. If the In-
ternational had a supercharger I’d find that phantom
and—but it’s hopeless. I can’t believe it, even after
seeing it myself.” He arose and faced me. “Tell me,
am I really alive and talking to you, or is it a dream ?”
“It must be real,” I assured him. “I think you’d
better catch some sleep, Sails, and I’ll get into the
Jenny and try to find Claxon. Possibly he is alive.”
“Don’t expect to find him alive,” he moaned. “He
was the best student I ever had, but he isn’t alive. They
tried to sell him a parachute with the Waco and he
laughed in their faces. The
poor devil! He never ex-
pected that.”

THIS is an age in which
few things are doubted.
We credit science with the
power of creating what we
dream about. Confused as
I was, I could not doubt
Salts. I liked him im-
mensely, though neither of
us had a single material in-
centive for our binding friendship. I was on his field
merely from choice. I had cruised in from Fort
Worth a month before. I had bided my time wonder-
ing what to do with myself next. He had been
thoroughly unselfish with me. Every facility for
repairing my ship was at my disposal. In return I had
hopped a few passengers for him on crowded Sundays.
We often flew to Los Angeles in my plane, going down

                     AVIATION seems to have gripped the imagination of
                   the more enterprising populace, just as radio did a few
                   years ago. It’s a tremendous field and will in all likelihood
                   I said. “But exceed anything we can picture even in our wildest flights
                   of fancy. “The Space Hermit’’ may seem fantastic, but
                   it is hardly implausible and suggests a number of interest-
                   ing new scientific theories about the outer air that are
                   ingenious, to say the least. It is an absorbing tale, cleverly
                   written, and furnishes much food for thought—and perhaps
                   for experimentation.

326
 I saw that I had landed on the top of the phantom. I left the motor running at twelve hundred and climbed nervously out
 on top. My eyes fell upon a ladder that presumably led down into the cabin and with light steps, I walked toward it

327
328

AMAZING STORIES

in the evening and returning after midnight. His great
love was training young men to fly. Until then he
had never lost a student. He is still training them,
but there is little heart in his effort. His record is
broken, and he has for an excuse only a most fantastic
story. I am going to back up his story, whether or not
the commission chooses to believe what I relate. I feel
that I must talk of it, if only for my own sake.

  A three-day search revealed Claxon’s Waco piled up
on a mesa in the hills near San Bernardino. It was
crushed beyond recognition, and, still strapped in as
he was when came out of the barrel, was Claxon’s
broken body. An ambulance hauled the remains back
to the city where the broken-hearted and bewildered
Sails assisted in the funeral arrangements.

  The next morning I ordered a supercharger from Los
Angeles, which came by plane three hours later. By
nightfall I had installed the apparatus on my ship. The
next day I consoled Sails as best I could and took off.
I cruised all morning and set down at San Diego for
oil and gas. That afternoon I climbed to eighteen
thousand feet and leveled off. Nothing was in sight.
I flew until twilight before I set down again at Poppy
Field. Sails came out to meet me as I taxied up to the
hangar. He wished to go with me the next day. He
could not rest for thinking of the phantom.

  We searched the sky of California for three weeks.
At last we gave it up and shook our heads in despair.
For all we knew, the phantom might have been near us
a hundred times, because, as Sails had explained, it was
transparent and could hardly be detected in the sky.

  Weeks passed before I began to think seriously of
the incident. I had tried to attribute Sails’ story to
mirages. I tried to invent a thousand excuses for his
having such a vision. I attributed it to shell shock in
the war, optical illusions, or the fact that he was hiding
the real facts of Claxon’s crash. I left San Bernardino
early in April and went to Seattle. The weather was
rougher than I expected, so I packed up and started for
Los Angeles.

The Phantom Ship

AFTER the incident at Poppy Field I always flew
at a high altitude. I was flying a Hamilton with
• extra long wings and slow landing speed, but
the ship was capable of one hundred and fifty miles
per hour under full load. When I left Seattle I shipped
my baggage to Los Angeles by express and in its place
I filled my fuel tanks to capacity. I had decided to
make the southern city in one hop.

  I climbed to thirteen thousand feet before I leveled
off to look down upon a storm torn array of forests
which was rapidly being obscured by thick, black clouds
that seemed to come from every direction.

  I was thankful to Allah that I had chosen the upper
course, for the flying was smooth and I was comfort-
able. I had that feeling of independence which is
doubly wonderful to the aviator. I could turn wherever
I pleased and stay as long as I wished.

  I crossed the California-Oregon line at nine thousand
feet. It was three o’clock in the afternoon and the sun
was shining only in spots. I climbed to nineteen thou-

sand feet before leveling off. Then I sat back to watch
the supercharger do its work.

   My ceiling was as clear as a crystal. Rifts of clouds
obscured my view of the earth. I had Dunsmuir in
mind. I thought of getting my bearings there by the
Hotel Travelers, which I knew to face directly south.
But I was afraid of the mountains. So I climbed again
and approximated my position by my speed and wind
allowance and the drift indicator. When I leveled off
I was shivering from cold. The altimeter showed
twenty-seven thousand feet. In trying to divert my
mind from the penetrating cold up there, I finally
thought of Sails.

FOR weeks I had been trying to attribute his story
to a mirage or a reflection in the glass enclosure of
his big International. But I could not forget the fact
that Claxon had really crashed the Waco. I did not
wish to be so unfaithful as to believe Sails had fabri-
cated the story. Suddenly I was conscious of some-
thing a few hundred yards forward and below me. I
turned to look at it. It was the most amazing sight I
ever saw or expect to see.

  It was a great transparent object the length of an
ocean going steamer. When I say transparent I mean
that it was as clear as glass, so clear that it did not
reflect the sun that shone upon it. It was shaped like
a dirigible, but it was not the conventional type of air-
ship. It was oval (fitting Sails’ description of the
object he had encountered), like a great fish turned on
its side. On its bottom, which I could see because of
its transparency, was a cabin, perhaps seventy feet in
length, in which I could see two people.

1WAS astounded, to say the least. I could not be-
lieve the giant ship was an instrument of man. It
seemed like a fantastic object from another planet;
perhaps from Mars. But I knew that to be impossible.
I swung closer and cut my motor to the idling point and
hovered above, thinking that I would pass onward and
be compelled to turn in order to get another view of it.
But I discovered that it was moving about the same
speed as my own ship. I noticed that the two people
were a man and a woman. Suddenly the man looked up,
up through perhaps forty feet of whatever his ship
was built of, and stared at me frantically. His hand
shot out to an object which I took to be a switch. The
great ship started gathering speed. I did not wish to
lose an opportunity for a great adventure. My wheels
were almost rolling on his upper surface. When I saw
that the nose of his ship was farther ahead than it was
before I had dropped over him, I dipped and felt my
wheels touch something hard. I shoved the stick for-
ward and placed it in a becket. Then I opened the
window. Peering out, I saw that I had landed on the
top of the phantom. I left the motor running at twelve
hundred and climbed nervously out on top. My eyes
fell upon a ladder that presumably led down into the
cabin. I walked with light steps to it, grasped the sup-
port and looked down. The bottom of the ladder was
in a room in the long cabin, which by this time I could
see was filled with different objects, most of which
THE SPACE HERMIT

329

were made of the transparent material which formed
the ship. The man watched me closely as I started to
climb down. When I had reached safety below the sur-
face of what I supposed was the gas bag, his hand shot
back to the switch. The great ship gave a lurch and
rolled quickly over. Before I realized what had hap-
pened I saw my Hamilton slide from its landing place
and flutter and spin on its way to the earth.

  I suddenly felt my shoulders, thinking of my para-
chute. I had left it in the cabin of my plane. I was
alone with two people whom I had never seen. They
might be two remarkable people; they again might be
two maniacs. I decided to face the adventure in good
spirits and climbed on down the ladder until I felt my
feet touch something solid. I looked about for the
people I had seen. The woman had disappeared, but
the man stood there facing me.

HE was about forty years old. His face was clean
shaven and his features were nobly formed. His
hair was long about the temples and gray as if it had
suddenly turned so. He was six feet tall and well pro-
portioned. His mouth was firm, and his deep blue
eyes seemed to pierce my very soul. I tried to speak.
Finally I managed to say something in the way of an
apology.

  “I am sorry to have intruded, Sir.”

  He drew a deep breath, still looking at me as if I
were a child and helpless in his hands.

  “I too am sorry, my friend, that I was compelled to
destroy your airplane,” he answered, “but it was quite
necessary. Please follow me.” He led the way into
a cabin and pointed to a transparent chair. A table,
three feet wide and six in length stood between us. On
it were teacups of glass and a plate of some mealy,
white and yellow substance, which I supposed was
food.

  “You may refresh yourself,” he said politely. “For
the time I am engaged.” He bowed and hurried into
the next room. I felt a sudden lurch of the ship as
if she were gathering way. I looked below me at the
earth. It was receding farther and farther away. We
were going at a terrific speed. Then, when my host
finished his arrangements, he came into the cabin, pulled
a lever above his head, and sat down to watch me.

  "You have not tasted the food?” he suggested.

  Whereupon I tried to smile and reluctantly tasted the
dish. It had a peculiar taste as if it were blended from
several foods. I consumed the contents of the dish with
evident enjoyment, even under the strain of evident
careful scrutiny by my host. I drank from the cup,
but it was not tea that I drank. When the simple meal
was finished, I lighted a cigaret and took several quick
puffs while he watched me, seemingly amused. That
was the cue to my attempt at conversation. He de-
clined my offer of a smoke, settled himself in his chair
and waited.

  “I do not know where to begin, Captain,” I said.
“Though this is an intrusion, I am curious to know
about you and this strange craft. Must I attribute this
discovery to your genius ?”

«TT is mine,” he said proudly. “I built it. It is per-
X feet. You had better remove your flying suit, as
the temperature is adjusted here.” He pointed at the
instrument board upon which were a number of
switches, levers and dials. I noted the thin linen suit
he wore and proceeded to take off my own heavy
clothing. Strangely enough, I was thinking of the
•woman, yjYio was now conceakd behind a drawn shade
in the forward end of the cabin.

  Finally my host asked thoughtfully, “What is hap-
pening on earth? Is there a new president of your
country ?”

  I was amazed, but I answered him with studied non-
chalance, “The same one—another term,” I said.

  “I thought as much,” was his only comment.

  “I mean the silent one,” I explained.

  He nodded as if he understood.

  “I would like to know something of your life here,
Captain,” I urged. “This is all so very strange to me
that it is fantastic.” I indicated the craft in general.

  “By what right do you ask to know of my life?”
asked the Captain. “You have no right to be aboard
my ship.”

  “My apology, Captain,” I answered sheepishly. “At
least I cannot leave unless you wish to see me die a
horrible death. I lost a friend by your ship.”

  He looked off through the wall of the cabin into the
western sky. A great sadness seemed to come over
him. “I wish death to no one,” he said. He arose and
paced the floor for several minutes. Then he turned
to me and said firmly, “You shall never leave this ship,
sir. It will be well for you to resign yourself to your
fate—particularly since it will not be uncomfortable
after all.”

  “You choose to keep me aboard, even against my
will!” I demanded.

  “You came of your own accord,” he said calmly,
looking me squarely in the eyes. “I cannot release
you. I have my own reasons for that. However,
you shall be comfortable at all times, if you give me
your word of honor that you will never try to bring
my craft to earth.”

  “And if I do not give you my word of honor?”

  “If you do not—if you dare violate the hospitality
you have forced me to bestow upon you—I shall over-
come you and force you to abide by my wishes.”

  I was in a perplexing position.

  “In that case, I promise you I shall never interfere
with your plans,” I said, a little relieved.

  He extended his hand and I took it.

  “Thank you, Mr. Metters,” he said radiantly. “Now
I shall proceed to explain all this to you.”

  We both sat down. When he had reclined in his
chair, he began:

  “Perhaps you remember some years ago—three, to
be exact—when news came of the disappearance of
Martin Hedron, the scientist. Whether you remember
that or not you will recall that a great explosion rocked
the countryside in southern Missouri about that time?”
“I recall both,” I said.

  “I am Hedron. Now, in order to grasp my explana-
tion of how this ship came to be built, you must attend
330

AMAZING STORIES

to every detail. Otherwise you would find cause to
doubt me. Do you realize that we have not been on
the earth for three years ?”

  His words astounded me. I wanted to ask about
the woman I had seen, but decided to bide my time.

  “It is hardly believable, Captain Hedron,” I said.
He smiled and continued his story.

Martin Hedron’s Story

ETTLING back again, his strange voice came in
a swift staccato.

  “Nothing is of so very much importance, Met-
ters. You may think it strange that I have that philos-
ophy and still accomplish what to you seems fantastic,
great—impossible. I myself look upon these things I
have invented as mere playthings. That is why I have
renounced the world. I care not for the material pos-
sessions for which you struggle. I want only peace
and silence. Why, I look down there now and see the
changes and growth in your cities, the long lines of
concrete pavement that stretch across your nation, the
steamships and airplanes at which you marvel, and I
do not care to know of them. I remain as far from
your turbid world as possible. I hope I shall never be
obliged to communicate with the earth again, which is
to say that I shall be buried in the air. Do not marvel
at that. Neither should yo»i. marvel at this airship.

  “This ship is five hundred feet in length, eighty feet
wide amidships, and is perhaps forty-five feet high,
which includes the cabin. It is built of transparent
steel, the discovery of which I made while experiment-
ing with machinery for taking substance from the air.
I had already discovered the means of taking palatable
food and water from the air, not to mention the salt
and all other requirements of the human body. In the
discovery of the metal of which this ship is built, I
found that it was as hard and tough as steel, and
lighter than aluminum. I therefore built my electro-
magnetic motors of this material. They, too, are trans-
parent, save for the parts of copper and iron which
constitute the electro-magnets. The gas bag is built of
the same material, with many girders running cross-
wise and lengthwise of the bag. It is filled with helium,
which I have also succeeded in taking from the air. I
have a machine for the purpose of making each. There-
fore, when your friend crashed into me near the Mohave
desert and broke a dangerous hole in the forward end
of the bag, I gained altitude as quickly as possible. I
made the necessary amount of what you may call trans-
parent aluminum and the necessary repair. I found
that the gas in that particular cell was slightly heavier
than the other from the onrush of air when the plane
struck. So I turned to my faithful machine for ex-
tracting helium from the air, and I filled it. I tell you
I can do anything with air.

  “Perhaps you wonder why I choose to keep my
work a secret. It is not from choice. If I should give
my secret to the world I should never find peace. As it
is, I can rest here above the clouds, assured that no one
knows or cares where I am, and this solitude is what
I most desire. The woman you saw a moment ago
is my daughter. I have often wondered if she came

with me only because she loves me. But at times I
know that she is far, far happier than she would be
on earth among the jealousy, hatred, dishonesty and
heartlessness of the people.

  “Four years ago I finally succeeded in inventing all
these machines. I took my daughter with me, and hid
in a valley in Missouri. Summer came with the proper
density of air to assist my metal-making machine, and
I went to work. After six months’ labor I succeeded
in finishing the*bag structure. Then I built the cabin
beneath and installed all these machines. The motors
of this craft are forward, in the nose. They are silent.
There are ten of them, but they drive a single propeller,
which is thirty feet in diameter. The electricity neces-
sary for operating the motors is generated by auxiliary
propellers and a dynamo, which supply exceeds the de-
mands. I have perpetual motion, if I desire. I can
cruise at ten miles an hour or two hundred. I have the
bag so constructed that it resists wind pressure. It is
the strongest ship in the air.

«T)UT after having started the building of my ship,

  lJ I found that I had many curious visitors about.
I was at a loss as to what to tell them. I finally decided
to say that I was experimenting, and that should any-
thing in the way of an explosion occur, they must not
be surprised, and that instruction for the disposal of
my belongings in such a case were unnecessary, as I
had no friends or relatives who would be interested.
These people accepted my alarm with fear and dread.
I never saw a single person after that.

  “My daughter was the little soldier always. She
worked with me, helped me build this craft in its en-
tirety. It is named for her, the “Glorie.” I shall speak
more of her later. Suffice to say that you must never
speak to her nor must you ever come nearer her than
you are now. She has finally caught the spell of the
silence of the sky, and she is happy.

  “But let me go back to my story. When we finally
succeeded in completing this ship, which may seem un-
believable to you, we were at a loss to know how we
should escape from the earth unseen. I recalled hav-
ing told the people of a possible impending explosion.
So on the night of our take-off I arranged a huge charge
of nitroglycerin in the scraps of material which were
left. I set a long fuse and fired it. We simply got
into the cabin and took control, cast off the moorings
and disappeared into the sky. Perhaps the natives
down there in that country think I was a maniac. I
do not know what was reported—”

  “The papers told of an eccentric building—a long
glass house, it was described by the natives,” I cut in.
“They related a story of being warned, and of being
awakened one night by the explosion which supposedly-
destroyed you and your structure.”

  He smiled as if he were greatly pleased at this.

  “We have never touched earth since. We have
cruised over the entire sqrface of the globe. Since
the accident which killed your friend we have been
across the Pacific and on'to Russia. I do not really
know my bearings now—and I don’t care. I can go to
sleep to-night and awake to-morrow morning in any
THE SPACE HERMIT

331

European country you wish to name. In fact we are
on our way east now. To-morrow I shall show you
the Seine and the Eiffel tower. By the way, I saw a
monoplane crossing the Atlantic two months ago. I fol-
lowed him from midocean to the English channel and
saw him sail away to Paris, and perhaps to glory.”

  I gasped. “He did,” I said breathlessly. “He is the
greatest flier on earth.”

  He smiled and shook his head. “You are mistaken,
Metters. I am the greatest flier on earth.”

  “You are not on earth,” I corrected. “No one knows
of you. You are keeping the fruits of your powers
from mankind. But in your last words I detect a
yearning for the world and its ways. There is still a
touch of vanity.”

  “A yearning for the world!” Captain Hedron spat
at the earth below. “The filthy world! Why should
I give the fruits of my labors to that race of noth-
ings? They have done nothing for me. Yet I have
a right to vanity. I alone can conquer the world with
this ship.”

  “Perhaps you are right,” I said finally.

  His eyes blazed. “Yes, I am right, Metters. Nor
do I wish to hear a single criticism from you again.
Do you understand that ?”

  I assured him I did.

  He arose and looked off into the clouds His hand
sought a door knob. He opened the door and started
into the next room. “I want peace,” he said. His
voice was hoarse and scarcely audible.

  He closed the door softly and locked me in the
room. Then he went to the instrument board and
changed a switch or two. I felt the rush of heavy air
into my cabin and wondered at its warmth. He turned
a dial and pulled another switch, upon which move-
ment the great “Glorie” rolled slightly, her bow lifted,
and she gathered speed in the darkness of my first
night aboard.

In the Cabin of the Glories

THE next few hours constituted the most weird
experience of my life, over which I look with
a feeling of humility and utter unimportance. I
had thought that my vocation as an aviator afforded me
the respect of science and the world at large, until I
began to assume that I was a pioneer and a leader of
men. Yet, fearless as I had been all my life, I had
never been awe-stricken or fascinated by my work. In
fact, everything I did seemed routine-like and ordi-
nary, even to stepping into space from an airplane which
had conked and dropping ten thousand feet to earth.
And once I dodged bullets from a machine gun for
hours at a time. I had seen the works of science and
invention and read the words of wise philosophers.
Not one of these, even in its deepest meaning, was im-
portant after I found myself in the cabin of the Glorie.
The people of the earth, all the things of the earth, be-
came simple and ordinary, meaningless nothings. It was
the attitude into which Captain Hedron had initiated
me.

  Again, as the great ship sped on her way through

                  r

the trackless wastes of the upper strata, I wondered
how one could be happy without experiencing the trials
of the earth. I thought of the girl, the captain’s daugh-
ter, and wondered if she really wished to be with her
father here where she could not dance and dress and
enjoy the beautiful things of life. I wondered—far into
the night. Then the captain came and sat with me to
explain in his own philosophical way the fascinating
mysteries which surrounded me.

  “We have not changed our natures since leaving the
world Metters,” he said “We, like all human beings,
are bound to the craving for the new and to the love
and respect for the old. Thus we have music, a series
of pipes through which the wind blows while we are
under way. You will hear my daughter play before
long. However, I trust you will abide by my wishes
and never speak to her. Leave her in the spell of the
silent ether.”

  I nodded half-heartedly.

  “Those motors are the most wonderful of all inven-
tions, with the possible exception of the metal of which
this craft is built. And I think our lives would be in-
complete without even one of the machines I have in-
vented. For instance, the machine for extracting food
from the air is so constructed as to furnish the proper
nourishment and balance to maintain our bodies. To
you that seems intricate and complicated, but it is the
most simple of my works.”

  Captain Hedron followed my glance earthward to a
maze of light that illuminated the sky.

  “To me, only a light, Metters; to you a city—
Denver.”

  He arose and paced the deck for some moments.

  “The people of the earth, being so far behind in
scientific accomplishment, will tell you that all things
come of the ground. To them this is true. But they
have yet to investigate and explore the air.

  “There are three things aboard this craft that came
of the earth: These clothes we wear, the copper wir-
ing in the motors and the heavy pieces of iron which
constitute the cores of the electro-magnets. Were it
necessary, I could do away with these. Possibly I shall
do so in the near future, with the exception of clothing
of which I have a large supply.

  “Your life is not going to be wasted, Metters. You
are going to see the wonders of the air. Ten days from
now you shall be at the north pole and perhaps be
ignorant of the fact. Look now at the moon. Is it not
a whiter moon than you have ever seen?”

  I agreed with him.

  “We are now at an altitude of forty thousand feet.
We have been climbing steadily for thirty minutes. You
saw Denver from an altitude of twenty-eight thousand
feet, looking from the west. You are now the same
distance east of the city, only you are higher. The
lights now appear only as tiny specks on the earth.”

  “But does this never become monotonous, Captain?”
I asked. “Are there not times when your heart aches
to meet old friends and to visit old places. At this
moment would you not love to be discussing the possi-
bilities of your inventions with Edison or Ford or H.
G. Wells?”
332

AMAZING STORIES

HIS face turned a livid white. I had not thought
it possible that my words would produce such an
effect. He raised his hand as if to ward off an attack.

  “Stop! Metters, never mention that to me again!
Never mention the earth, never mention men. Avoid
me. I wish to God I had never seen you. I wish I
were villain enough to destroy you.”

  He sank into one of the transparent chairs and placed
his face in his hands. He ignored my apology.

  “You will find a tube of food from the machine.
Water is in the hydrant. I shall furnish you with an
electrically-treated substance which will stop the growth
of your beard. You shall never have cause to be un-
comfortable. There is no dirt in the upper strata. But
you may as well resign yourself to a life in the air. I
shall not reveal my works to another person.

  “You may visit the main cabin at will and play the
organ or study the action of the air at the different
altitudes. You will find great pleasure in exploring
the heavens and noting the peculiar formation of other
planets. But do not expect to visit them. Perhaps it
is impossible, perhaps not. But an absolute vacuum
exists between the planets. A gas bag would never
endure there. I once tried the experiment of cruising
at an altitude of twenty miles, thinking I should gain
such an altitude as to remain motionless while the earth
turned beneath me. The experiment did not work. I
found that, in order to accomplish it, I would have to
do away with my gas bag, and in so doing I would land
down there.” He pointed earthward.

  “I shall never land, Metters. I hate the world. I
detest little men, with all their vanity and stupidity.
They are so many parrots and monkeys, so many
leeches and selfish fools. Even you are a fool, Metters,
and so am I. But we were made thus. Our limitations
make us fools. The natures of the people on earth
make them fools.

  “I see them following the call of an exploiter, at-
tracted by the mirage of wealth or the flame of love and
happiness. Neither are gained in their entirety. Among
the mass I find a few whose minds are not earthbound,
whose hearts are bigger than the hearts of those who
surround them. But those same ones are suppressed.
I myself dreamed of a world in which all men were
working to make each other happy. I dreamed of
truth and understanding everywhere. I dreamed of
freedom from the domination of dishonest and corrupt
people, and I was following an illusion. I was happy
with the illusion until I lost the mother of my daugh-
ter."

  Tears filled the eyes of the captain. His face shone
in the light of the moon and there was written upon his
face such a message as I had never read before. It
told of a soul still in captivity, searching the depths
of logic and learning to find the great first cause and
ultimate of the universe. I saw through the years of
his struggle to accomplish his work, daring not to give
the fruits of labor to men, because he could find oblivion
from earthly cares solely through keeping them a secret.
I saw his eyes ever searching the heavens for a star,
his soul ever crying out for a sign, and his bewilder-
ment at the riddle of the universe. He told me of

the death of his wife, a strange person who loved and
understood him, who could sit with him in silence and
read the innermost thoughts of his mind, even to those
which he was at a loss to express. And I thought of
his daughter, the woman I had so wished to see, but
concerning whom I dared ask nothing.

  He arose in silence and pointed to the floor, indi-
cating that I should sleep thereon. Then he turned
and disappeared through the door. Over the clicking
noise of the latch I thought I detected a whisper,
“Peace be still.”

  It was not thus with me.

A Momentous Decision

I WONDERED about Professor Hedron who had
become the phantom captain of a phantom ship.
And yet, despite his revelations to me, I knew him
to be insane. But I could readily overlook his eccen-
tricities, even those which prompted in him the desire
to renounce the world. Despite the fact that I did ex-
cuse him and granted that he had the right to do as he
wished, I could not overlook the fact that he had a
daughter aboard. I did not have her own word that she
wanted to be there. And I thought of the material side
of my adventure, the world renown and riches which
would reward the inventor of such machinery as I had
seen.

  I hope I can be forgiven, but I really started that
moment on a train of thought, which seemed a breach
of confidence. I wondered about the possibility of re-
vealing these things to the world; I wondered whether
or not I could induce the professor to land his craft
before the startled eyes of millions.

  Captain Hedron dropped to an altitude of thirteen
thousand feet and gave me a view of Paris but, know-
ing there were many aircraft operating in the vicinity,
he immediately climbed again, and the outlines of the
city were lost behind clouds. I believe that was my
last sight of Paris. I do not know. We remained at
a high altitude for weeks. I was alone for the greater
part of the time. Professor Hedron ignored me.
Once he startled me with the announcement that we
were over the north pole, only to say five days later
that we were cruising over the Argentine.

  My food came through a tube from the machine. I
could eat at will, for there were no hours. Time meant
nothing to the professor, but the monotony wore on
me. I felt myself becoming queer. Then I began to
wonder how he and his daughter could withstand the
loneliness of the upper strata in a glasslike cage,
where there were no flowers and trees, no variety save
a different view of the moon and stars. There was not
even variety in the weather. One of the machines,
which the professor had so deftly made of that strange
metal, adjusted the temperature in the cabin. And I
did not venture from my cabin until I had been aboard
two weeks. When I did fare forth into the main cabin
where the strange organ was located, I found nothing
but the same glassy deck, the same emptiness that had
almost driven me mad. But a strange incident took
place while I was there. I suddenly saw the curtains
THE SPACE HERMIT

333

of the girl’s cabin being raised, and I looked upon a

miracle, it seemed to me.

G LOR IE was in her early twenties when I first
saw her. She was white and beautiful with brown
hair that had been allowed to grow and fall about her
shoulders. Even here where she had been cramped up
for three solid years, she moved gracefully as she came
toward me. Our eyes met as she came down the aisle
and opened the door leading to the main cabin. I was
watching her with the deepest curiosity. She closed the
door and stood looking at me, and it seemed that a look
of great relief came into her face. I read in her eyes
the emptiness of her life. I knew at that moment that
she did not wish to be aboard the airship. I swear I
saw her very soul, the soul of a person who was en-
tirely immune from earthly temptations, but who hun-
gered for the things that nature meant her to have—
clothes and friends and flowers and trees.

  I dared not speak to her. I waited for what seemed
ages for her to move on, and yet I did not wish her to
go. I wanted to talk with her, despite the orders of her
father. Perhaps he had warned her, for she finally
did turn away. She tripped across the deck, gathering
up the filmy gown she wore, and seated herself at the
organ. She cast one more glance at me, a look that
must have made us both happy, and then she played
as I had never heard any one play before.

  It was the song of a far-off planet, a weird and beau-
tiful tune that struck my heart like a bullet and sent the
blood to my brain. It was fantastic and soul stirring,
and it seemed to tell of the infinite of which we so
fruitlessly dream. It sent my imagination to other
planets beside our own; it brought pictures of war
and destruction, putting me in mind of Mars. Then I
remembered something else that seemed to fit the mo-
ment and the music she played. It was a battle be-
tween my plane and another plane, over the German
lines in 1918, the weird drone of death dealing-mon-
sters that winged their way through the clouds. I shall
always associate the two experiences, for they both
teemed with mystery and fantasy, for men did not seem
real when they flew out to fight. Then the music broke
suddenly, as if the life of its maker had been snuffed
out in the great battle that is always going on in every
human heart. Glorie looked at me again, her face
beaming with joy. She looked at me for two minutes
without changing her expression, and then her hands
sought the invisible keys again. She seemed to read
my mind and to know the music that drew the deepest
sentiment from my heart.

  Then she played “Mother Machree.” Can you im-
agine that tune at an altitude of thirty thousand feet, in
an airship traveling at the speed of two hundred miles
per hour, and yet going to no place ? The impossibility
of it impressed me. It was not right. That woman
was not happy, never could be there. I was deciding
to do something about it when a strong hand grasped
my shoulder and I turned to face the professor.

  I shall never forget his face at that moment. It was
a great rage that had overcome him ,and I attributed
his anger to the tune Glorie had played. Before I

could speak, he pointed to the door. I looked again
at his daughter and saw her staring at me, wild eyed
and helpless and hurt. Then I went to my own cabin.

  I saw him caress the hand of his daughter as she sat
there, watched him turn with tears in his eyes and go
back to the control room. Then I made my final de-
cision to break my word of honor to him. Nor would
I ask him to release me. To him that would mean only
one thing. I did not even think of what Glorie might
think of me for breaking my word.

  For three days I studied the actions of the captain
as he maneuvered the ship about the skies. In that
time I gained an appreciable knowledge about the hand-
ling of the craft. I learned that one of the levers
manipulated the elevators, that another increased the
speed of the great invisible propeller at the nose. I
saw that the turning of a dial set in motion the machine
which forced the food that I ate through the tube which
ended in my cabin. Another lever he used to bank
the ship. This lever worked on the same principle as an
airplane control stick and lowered and raised the great
fins at the side. Thus I gained my knowledge of the
working of the ship. I decided to put that knowledge
to use immediately.

A Strange Tomb

THE helpless look in Glorie’s eyes told me the
truth. She had been forced by her eccentric
father to remain a prisoner on the airship. She
had been powerless all those three years, to induce
him to return to the earth. I decided it was for me to
release her from her phantom prison. But I knew I
must be cautious. P»ofessor Hedron was a powerful
man in both mind and body. I did not wish to injure
him, nor to have the disrespect of his daughter. I knew
if I acquired control of the ship by stealth and bound
him with strips torn from my clothes, that I could
speak to her. That was the course I decided to follow.

  Two weeks later, as I reckoned time, we lifted
through a maze of fog somewhere in the tropics. It
was mid-day, in the sweltering heat of the sun. The
professor seemed to have no control over intense heat.
Nor did altitude appear to solve the problem. This
enraged him. He turned the craft about and headed
north. My next view of the earth came one evening
four days later. We were cruising slowly when I went
into the main cabin and looked through the telescope.
From her own room Glorie watched me closely—I
thought with intense speculation. I decided that moment
not to defer my plan of action any longer. But the
telescope did not reveal our position. We were over
a great plain, and about us, as far as we could see,
was a haze that reached into the sky like a great en-
gulfing tide.

  I left the telescope nonchalantly and turned to pacing
the deck. Still Glorie watched me. I tried to face her
squarely and found it impossible. She must have de-
tected my purpose at that moment, for her eyes widened,
and she smiled upon me when I looked again. It was a
pitiful, wistful smile, like that of a child that wishes
something for which it dares not ask. I smiled back
(Continued on page 369)
yhe

#

"By Jules Verne

Concluding the Sequel to “The English at the North Pole.”
What Went Before:

  /JICHARD SHANDON receives a letter signed “K.Z.

  Mr Captain of the Forward,” offering him the post of chief
*- officer, on a new brig, giving him full instructions and
sufficient funds for the building of the vessel. A visit to the
bank confirms the statement in the letter in regard to the funds,
so he orders the brig to be built according to specifications and
engages James Wall as his second mate and a man named John-
son, as boatswain. Johnson selects and engages the balance of
the crew.

  Dr. Clawbonny, the ship’s doctor, duly arrives, just as the
building of the Forward is about completed, in accordance with
advice which Shandon received from the unknown captain.
And on the 5th of April, when the brig is almost ready to sail,
the captain’s dog, Duk by name, arrives. The captain had
apprised Shandon of the animal’s expected arrival and even
ordered a kennel to be built for him.

  The balance of the crew consists of Simpson, the harpooner;
Bell, the carpenter; Foker, the ice-master; and Garry, Bolton,
Brunton, Gripper, Clifton, Warren and Pen, sailors.

  Though the captain is expected to make himself known at
the moment of starting, he only sends a last minute letter of
instruction as to the course of the expedition. They start off
for points North, through Davis Strait, Baffin Bay and clear
into the Arctic regions and—following later mysterious instruc-
tions by letter—into arctic waters.

  It is not until after the brig and crew leave Upernavik and
the icebergs become more numerous and the waters become
almost unnavigable, and some of the sailors begin to threaten
mutiny, that the captain, who had passed as the sailor named
Garry, appears and discloses his plans. He is none other than
Captain Hatteras, who had some years before spent an enor-
mous amount of money and sacrificed the lives of all of his
crew in a mad attempt to reach the North Pole and plant the

English flag there. He offers the men a tempting additional
sum of money for every degree they push beyond the 82nd
parallel, and the men eagerly accept the proposition—for the
time being at least—and they start pushing ahead again.

  But more hardships follow and sickness due to the freezing
temperature sets in, and mutiny becomes imminent once more.
But by Christmas it is impossible to move ahead and there is
no more coal aboard. The cmo decide to use some of the
wood of the Forward that can best be spared and then Bell
remembers that about 100 miles across the ice from where they
are marooned, there was a deposit of coal which was left there
some years earlier by a rescue expedition. Hatteras decides to
seek the coal. He, the doctor, Bell and Simpson, start out,
accompanied by the faithful Duk. Johnson was left behind to
watch the sloop. Simpson, however, finally succumbs to the
hardships attending this trip across the ice-fields, and is buried
en route.

  When the rest of the group reach the station, they find no
trace of any coal or provisions, but they discover a cairn. A
man is found buried in the snow. The doctor finds the way tluit
he can be revived. They learn later that he is an American and
came on the ship, Porpoise.

  The party return to find the Forward in flames and Johnson
doing his best to fight the fire. Hope is not lost however, for
when the American, Altamont, regains consciousness he tells
them that the Porpoise is only a little way further north, amply
provisioned with food and coal, and they start off on sleds
toward the American ship. On the 24tli, after much discourage-
ment, they reach the Porpoise and they have a fitting celebra-
tion, in which the doctor is master of ceremonies and helps in
the naming of the surrounding territory. But still all is not
well, for there is now another electric charge in the air. Who
will be captaint Hatteras or Altamont?

Part II

            CHAPTER IX
            Cold and Heat

         ATTERAS and Johnson had been getting
somewhat uneasy at the prolonged absence
of their com-
panions, and
were delighted
to see them back safe and
sound. The hunters were
no less glad to find them-
selves once more in a warm
shelter, for the temperature
had fallen considerably as
night drew on, and the ther-
mometer outside was far
below zero.

 The poor hunters were
half frozen, and so worn
out that they could hardly
drag their limbs along; but

the stoves were roaring and cracking cheerily, and the
big kitchen fire waiting to cook such game as might be
brought in. Clawbonny donned his official apron again,
and soon had his seal cutlets dressed and smoking on
the table. By nine o’clock the whole party were en-
joying a good supper, and
Bell couldn’t help exclaim-
ing: “Well, even at the
risk of being taken for an
Esquimau I must confess
eating is the most important
business in these regions.”
They all had their mouths
crammed too full to speak,
but the Doctor signified his
agreement with Bell’s views
by an approving nod.

The cutlets were pro-
nounced first-rate, and it
seemed as if they were, for
they were all eaten, to the

ONLY a few years ago 'Amundsen and Scott in two
separate expeditions, reached the South Pole. Much
to the disappointment of Scott, the Norwegian got there
first. Both, hoivever, reached the top of the ten thousand
foot mountain on which the South Pole lies, and planted a
flag there. Scott died before reaching his ship.

  It seems uncanny, considering the meagerness of informa-
tion about either the North or the South Pole, which was
available in Verne’s time, that he should have been able to
foretell, almost with exactitude, something that was to be
discovered 100 years later at the South Pole.

  It is particularly interesting to note that most of what
Jules Verne said in his concluding chapters, almost a hun-
dred years ago, has been pretty much proven true of the
South Pole, recently.

334
He had hardly uttered the words before Hatteras, by a superhuman effort, sprang over the boiling lava, and was beyond the

reach of his companions.

335
336

AMAZING STORIES

very last morsel. For dessert they had coffee, which
the Doctor brewed himself in a French coffee-pot over
the alcohol lamp. He never allowed anybody else to
concoct this precious beverage; for he made a point of
serving it boiling hot, always declaring it was not fit to
drink unless it burned his tongue. This evening he
took it so scalding that Altamont exclaimed:

  “You’ll skin your throat!”

  "Not a bit of it,” was the Doctor’s reply.

  “Then your palate must be copper-sheathed,” said
Johnson.

  “Not at all, friends. I advise you to copy my exam-
ple. Many persons, and I am one, can drink coffee at
a temperature of 131°.”

  “131°?” said Altamont; “why, that is hotter than the
hand could bear!”

  “Of course it is, Altamont, for the hand could not
bear more than 122°, but the palate and tongue are less
sensitive.”

  “You surprise me.”

  “Well, I will convince you it is fact,” returned Claw-
bonny, and taking up a thermometer, he plunged it into
the steaming coffee. He waited till the mercury rose
as high as 131° and then withdrew it, and swallowed
the liquid with evident gusto.

  Bell tried to follow his example, but burned his
mouth severely.

  “You are not used to it,” said the Doctor, coolly.
“Can you tell us, Clawbonny,” asked Altamont,
“what is the highest temperature that the human body
can bear?”

  “Yes; several curious experiments have been made
in that respect. I remember reading of some servant
girls, in the town of Rochefoucauld, in France, who
could stay ten minutes in a baker’s large oven when
the temperature was 300°, while potatoes and meat
were cooking all around them.”

  “What girls!” exclaimed Altamont.

  “Well, there is another case, where eight of our own
countrymen—Fordyce, Banks, Solander, Blagdin,
Home, Nooth, Lord Seaforth, and Captain Phillips—
went into one as hot as 200°, where eggs and beef were
frizzling.”

  “And they were Englishmen!” said Bell, with a
touch of national pride.

  “Oh, the Americans could have done better than
that,” said Altamont.

  “They would have roasted,” returned the Doctor,
laughing. “At all events, they have never tried it, so
I shall stand up for my countrymen. There is one
more instance I recollect, and really it is so incredible
that it would be impossible to believe it if it were not
attested by unimpeachable evidence. The Duke of
Ragusa and Dr. Jung, a Frenchman, and an Austrian,
saw a Turk plunge into a bath at 170°.”

  “But that is not so astonishing as those servant
girls, or our own countrymen,” said Johnson.

  “I beg your pardon,” replied Clawbonny; “there is
a great difference between plunging into hot air and
hot water. Hot air produces perspiration, which pro-
tects the skin, but boiling water scalds. The maximum
heat of baths is 107°, so that this Turk must have been

an extraordinary fellow to endure such temperature.”
“What is the mean temperature, Dr. Clawbonny,
of animated beings?” asked Johnson.

  “That varies with the species,” replied the Doctor.
“Birds have the highest, especially the duck and the
hen. The mammalia come next, and then human be-
ings; the temperature of Englishmen averages 98.5°.”
“I am sure Mr. Altamont is going to claim a higher
j'ate for his countrymen,” said Johnson, smiling.

  “Well, sure enough, we’ve some precious hot ones
among us, but, as I never have put a thermometer
down their throats to ascertain, I can’t give you sta-
tistics.”

  “There is no sensible difference,” said the Doctor,
“between men of different races when they are placed
under the same conditions, whatever their food may
be. I may almost say their temperature would be the
same at the Equator as at the Pole.”

  “Then the heat of our bodies is the same here as in
England,” replied Altamont.

  “Just about it. The other species of mammalia are
generally hotter than human beings. The horse, the
hare, the elephant, the porpoise, and the tiger are
nearly the same; but the cat, the squirrel, the rat, the
panther, the sheep, the ox, the dog, the monkey and
the goat, are as high as 103°; and the pig is 104°.
“Rather humiliating to us,” put in Altamont.

  “Then come the amphibia and the fish,” resumed the
Doctor, “whose temperature varies with that of the
water. The serpent has a temperature of 80°, the
frog 70°, and the shark several degrees less. Insects
appear to have the temperature of air and water.

  “All this is very well,” interrupted Hatteras, who
had hitherto taken no part in the conversation, “and
we are obliged to the Doctor for his scientific infor-
mation; but we are really talking as if we were going
to brave the heat of the torrid zone. I think it would
be far more seasonable to speak of cold, if the Doctor
could tell us what is the lowest temperature on record ?”
“I can enlighten you on that too,” replied the Doc-
tor. “There are a great number of memorable winters,
which appear to have come at intervals of about forty-
one years. In 1364, the Rhone was frozen over as far
as Arles; in 1408, the Danube was frozen through-
out its entire extent, and the wolves crossed the Catte-
gat on firm ground; in 1509, the Adriatic and the Med-
iterranean were frozen at Venice and Marseilles, and
the Baltic on the 10th of April; in 1608, all the cattle
died in England from the cold; in 1789, the Thames
was frozen as far as Gravesend; and the frightful
winter of 1813 will long be remembered in France.
The earliest and longest ever known in the present
century was in 1829. So much for Europe.”

  “But here, within the Polar circle, what is the low-
est degree?” asked Altamont.

  “My word!” said the Doctor. “I think we have ex-
perienced the lowest ourselves, for one day the ther-
mometer was 72° below zero; and, if my memory serves
me right, the lowest temperature mentioned hitherto by
the Arctic voyagers has been 61° at Melville Island,

65° at Port Felix, and 70° at Fort Reliance, all below
    tf
THE DESERT OF ICE

337

  “Yes,” said Hatteras, “for it was the unusual se-
verity of the winter that barred our progress, for it
came on just at the worst time possible.”

  “You were stopped, you say?” asked Al'tamont,
looking fixedly at the captain.

  “Yes, in our voyage west,” the Doctor hastened to
reply.

  “Then the maximum and minimum temperatures,”
said Altamont, resuming the conversation, “are about
200° apart. So you see, my friends, we may make
ourselves easy.”

  “But if the sun were suddenly extinguished,” sug-
gested Johnson, “would not the earth’s temperature be
far lower?”

  “There is no fear of such a catastrophe; but even
should it happen, the temperature would be scarcely any
different.”

  “That’s curious.”

  “It is; but Fourrier, a learned Frenchman, has proved
the fact incontestably. If it were not the case, the dif-
ference between day and night would be far greater,
as also the degree of cold at the Poles. But now, I
think, friends, we should be better for a few hours’
sleep. Who has charge of the stove ?”

  “It is my turn to-night,” said Bell.

  “Well, pray keep up a good fire, for it is a perishing
night.”

CHAPTER X
Winter Pleasures

IT is a dreary affair to live at the Pole, for there is
no going out for many long months, and nothing
to break the weary monotony.

  The day after the hunting excursion was dark and
snowy, and Clawbonny could find no occupation except
polishing up the ice walls of the hut as they became
damp with the heat inside, and emptying out the snow
which drifted into the long passage leading to the
inner door. The “Doctor’s House” stood out well, de-
fying storm and tempest, and the snow only seemed to
increase the thickness of the walls.

  The storehouses, too, did not give way in the least;
but though they were only a few yards off, it was found
necessary to lay in enough provisions for the day, as
very often the weather made it almost impossible to
venture out.

  The unloading of the Porpoise turned out to have
been a wise precaution, for she was slowly but surely
being crushed to pieces by the silent, irresistible pres-
sure around her. Still the Doctor was always hoping
enough planks might be sufficiently sound to construct
a small vessel to convey them back to England; but the
right time to build had not yet come.

  The five men were consequently compelled to spend
the greater part of the day in complete idleness. Hat-
teras lolled on his bed, absorbed in thought. Altamont
smoked or dozed, and the Doctor took care not to dis-
turb either of them, for he was in perpetual fear of a
quarrel between them.

  At meal times he always led the conversation away
from irritating topics, and sought, as far as possible,
to instruct and interest all parties. Whenever he was

not engaged with the preparation of his notes, he gave
them dissertations on history, geography, or meteor-
ology, handling his subject in an easy, though philo-
sophical manner, drawing lessons from the most trivial
incidents. His inexhaustible memory was never at
a loss for fact or illustration, while his good humor
and geniality made him the life and soul of the little
company. He was implicitly trusted by all, even by
Hatteras, who cherished a deep affection for him.

  Yet no man felt the compulsory confinement more
painfully than Clawbonny. He longed ardently for
the breaking up of the frost, to resume his excursions,
though he dreaded the rivalry that might ensue be-
tween the two captains.

  Yet things must come to a crisis soon or late, and
meantime, he resolved to use his best endeavors to
bring both parties to a better mind. But to reconcile
an American and an Englishman was no easy task. He
and Johnson had many a talk on the subject, for the
old sailor’s views quite coincided with his own as to
the difficult complications which awaited them.

  However, the bad weather continued, and leaving
Fort Providence, even for an hour, was out of the
question. Day and night they were pent up in these
glittering icewalls, and time hung heavily on their
hands, at least on all but the Doctor’s, and he always
managed to find some occupation for himself.

  “I declare,” said Altamont one evening, “life like
this is not worth having! We might as well be some
of those reptiles that sleep all the winter. But I sup-
pose there is no help for it.”

  “I am afraid not,” said the Doctor; “unfortunately
we are too few in number to get up any amusement.”
“Then you think if there were more of us, we should
find more to do?”

  “Of course: when whole ships’ crews have wintered
here, they have managed to while away the time
famously.”

  “Well, I must say I should like to know how. It
would need a vast amount of ingenuity to extract any-
thing amusing out of our circumstances. I suppose
they did not play at charades ?”

  “No, but they introduced the press and the theater.”
“What? They had a newspaper?” exclaimed the
American.

  “They acted a comedy?” said Bell.

  “That they did,” said the Doctor. “When Parry
wintered at Melville Island, he started both amuse-
ments among his men, and they met with great suc-
cess.”

  “Well, I must confess, I should like to have been
there,” returned Johnson.

  “Curious and amusing too, my good Johnson. Lieu-
tenant Beechey was the theater manager, and Captain ,
Sabina chief editor of the newspaper called The Winter
Chronicle, or the Gazette of Northern Georgia.

           CHAPTER XI
           Traces of Bears

ON the 26th of April, during the night, there was
a sudden change in the weather. The thermom-
eter fell several degrees, and the inmates of
338

AMAZING STORIES

Doctor’s House could hardly keep themselves warm
even in their beds. Altamont had charge of the stove,
and he found it needed careful replenishing to preserve
the temperature at 50° above zero.

  This increase of cold betokened the cessation of the
stormy weather, and the Doctor hailed it gladly as the
harbinger of hi.s favorite hunting and exploring ex-
peditions.

  He rose early next morning, and climbed up to the
top of the cone. The wind had shifted north, the air
was clear, and the snow was firm and smooth to the
tread.

  Before long the five companions had left Doctor’s
House, and were busily engaged in clearing1 the heavy
masses of snow off the roof and sides, for the house was
no longer distinguishable from the plateau, as the
snow had drifted to a depth of full fifteen feet. It
took two hours to remove the frozen snow, and restore
the architectural form of the dwelling. At length the
granite foundations appeared, and the storehouses and
powder magazines were once more accessible.

  But as, in so uncertain a climate, a storm might cut
off their supplies any day, they wisely resolved to pro-
vide for any such emergency by carrying over a good
stock of provisions to the kitchen; and then Claw-
bonny, Altamont, and Bell started off with their guns
in search of game, for the want of fresh food began
to be urgently felt.

  The three companions went across the east side of
the cone, right down into the center of the far-stretch-
ing, snow-covered plain beneath, but they did not need
to go far, for numerous traces of animals appeared on
all sides within a circle of two miles round Fort Provi-
dence.

  After gazing at these traces for some minutes, the
hunters looked at each other silently, then the Doctor
exclaimed:

  “Well, these are plain enough, I think!”

  “Ay, only too plain,” added Bell; “bears have been
here!”

  “First-rate game!” said Altamont. “There’s only
one fault about it.”

  “And what is that?” asked Bell.

  “Too much of it.”

  “What do you mean?”

  “I mean this—there are distinct traces of five bears.”
“Are you sure there are five?” said Clawbonny.
“Look and see for yourself. Here is one footprint,
and there is another quite different. These claws are
far wider apart than those; and see here, again, that
paw belongs to a much smaller bear. I tell you, if you
look carefully, you will see the marks of all five dif-
ferent bears distinctly.”

  “You’re right,” said Bell, after a close inspection.
“If that’s the case, then,” said the Doctor, “we must
take care what we’re about, and not be foolhardy, for
these animals are starving after the severe winter, and
they might be extremely dangerous to encounter, and,
since we are sure of their number—”

  “And of their intentions, too,” put in Altamont.

  “You think they have discovered our presence here?”
  “No doubt of it, unless we have got into a bear-pass.

 But then, why should these footprints be in a circle
 round our fort? Look, these animals have come from
 the southeast, and stopped at this place, and commenced
 to reconnoiter the coast.”

   “You’re right,” said the Doctor, “and, what’s more,
 it is certain that they have been here last night.”

   “And other nights before that,” replied Altamont.

   “I don’t think so,” rejoined Clawbonny. “It is more
 likely that they waited till the cessation of the tempest,
 and were on their way down to the bay, intending to
 catch seals, when they scented us.”

   “Well, we can easily find out, if they come to-night,”
 said Altamont.

  “How?”

   “By effacing all the marks in a given place. And if
 to-morrow we find fresh ones, it will be evident that
 Fort Providence is the goal for which the bears are
 bound.”

   “Very good, at any rate we shall know, then, what
we have to expect.”

   The three hunters set to work, and scraped the
snow over till all the footprints were obliterated for a
considerable distance.

   “We shall soon see,” said Altamont.

   “And, meantime, we had best go on,” added the
Doctor, “and keep a sharp look-out.”

   But not a sign of anything living was visible, and
 after a time they returned to the snow-house.

   Hatteras and Johnson were informed how matters
stood, and it was resolved to maintain a vigilant watch.
Night came, but nothing disturbed its calm splendor.

   Next morning at early dawn, Hatteras and his com-
panions, well armed, went out to reconnoiter the state
of th6 snow. They found the same identical foot-
marks, but somewhat nearer. Evidently the enemy
was bent on the siege of Fort Providence.

   “But where can the bears be?” said Bell.

   “Behind the icebergs watching us,” replied the Doc-
 tor. “Don’t let us expose ourselves imprudently.”
 “What about going hunting, then?” asked Alta-
 mont.

   “We must put it off for a day or two, I think, and
 rub out the marks again, and see if they are renewed
 to-morrow.”

   The Doctor’s advice was followed, and they en-
trenched themselves for the present in the fort. The
lighthouse was taken down, as it was not-of actual use
meantime, and might help to attract the bears. Each
took it in turn to keep watch on the upper plateau.

   The day passed without a sign of the enemy’s ex-
istence, and next morning, when they hurried eagerly
out to examine the snow, judge their astonishment to
find it wholly untouched!

   Capital! exclaimed Altamont. “The bears are put
off the scent; they have no perseverance, and have
grown tired waiting for us. They are off, and a good
riddance.”

   “Softly, softly,” said the Doctor; “I am not so sure
 they have gone. I think we had better wait one day
 more. It is evident the bears have not been here last
 night, at least on this side; but still—”

   “Well, let us go right round the plateau, and see how
THE DESERT OF ICE

339

things stand,” said the always impatient Altamont
“All right,” said Clawbonny. “Come along.”
Away they went, but it was impossible to scrutinize
carefully a track of two miles. No trace of the enemy
was discoverable.

  “Now, then, can’t we go hunting?” said Altamont.
  “Wait till to-morrow,” urged the Doctor again.

  His friend was very unwilling to delay, but yielded
the point at last, and returned to the fort.

  As on the preceding night, each man took his hour’s
watch on the upper plateau. When it came to Alta-
mont’s turn, and he had gone out to relieve Bell, Hat-
teras called his old companion round him. The Doc-
tor left his desk and Johnson his cooking, and hastened
to their captain’s side, supposing he wanted to talk over
their perilous situation; but Hatteras never gave it a
thought.

  “My friends,” he said, “let us take advantage of the
American’s absence to speak of business. There are
things which cannot concern him, and with which I do
not wish him to meddle.”

  Johnson and Clawbonny looked at each other, won-
dering what the captain was driving at.

  “I wish,” he continued, “to talk with you about our
plans for the future.”

  “All right; talk away,” said the Doctor.

  “In a month, or six weeks at the outside, the time
for making distant excursions will come again. Have
you thought of what we had better undertake in
summer ?”

  “Have you, captain?” asked Johnson.

  “Have I? I may say that not an hour of my life
passes without revolving in my mind my one cherished
purpose. I suppose not a man among you intends to re-
trace his steps?”

  No one replied, and Hatteras went on to say:

  “For my own part, even if I must go alone, I will
push on to the North Pole. Never were men so near
it before, for we are not more than 360 miles distant
at most; and I will not lose such an opportunity with-
out making every attempt to reach it, even though it
be an impossibility. What are your views, Doctor?”
“Your own, Hatteras.”

  “And yours, Johnson?”

  “Like the Doctor’s.”

  "And yours, Bell?”

  “Captain,” replied the carpenter, “it is true we have
neither wives nor children waiting us in England, but,
after all, it is one’s country—one’s native land! Have
you no thoughts of returning home?”

  “We can return after we have discovered the Pole
quite as well as before, and even better. Our diffi-
culties will not increase, for as we near the Pole we
get away from the point of greatest cold. We have
fuel and provisions enough. There is nothing to stop
us, and we should be culpable, in my opinion, if we
allowed ourselves to abandon the project.”

  “Very well, captain; I’ll go along with you.”
“That’s right; I never doubted you,” said Hatteras.
“We shall succeed, and England will have all the
glory.”

  “But there is an American .with us!” said Johnson.

 Hatteras could not repress an impatient exclamation.
 “I know it!” he said, in a stern voice.

 “We cannot leave him behind,” added the Doctor.
 “No, we can’t,” repeated Hatteras, almost mechan-
 ically.

 “And he will be sure to go too.”

 “Yes, he will go too; but who will command?”

 “You, captain.”

 “And if you all obey my orders, will the Yankee re-
 fuse?”

 “I shouldn’t think so; but suppose he should?”
 “He and I must fight it out, then?”

 The three Englishment looked at Hatteras, but said
 nothing. Then the Doctor aske how he proposed they
 should go?

 “By the coast, as far as possible,” was the reply.
 “But what if we find open water, as is likely enough ?”
 “Well, we’ll go across it.”

 “But we have no boat.”

 Hatteras did .not answer, and looked very much
 embarrassed.

 “Perhaps,” suggested Bell, “we might make a boat
 out of some of the planks of the Porpoise.”
 “Never!” exclaimed Hatteras, vehemently.

 “Never!” said Johnson.

 The Doctor shook his head. He understood the feel-
 ing of the captain.

 “Never!” reiterated Hatteras. “A boat made out
 of an American ship would be an American!”

 “But captain—” began Johnson.

 The Doctor made a sign to the old boatswain not to
 press the subject further, and resolved in his own mind
 to reserve the question for discussion at a more op-
 portune moment. He managed to turn the conversation
 to other matters, till it abruptly terminated by the en-
 trance of Altamont.

 This ended the day, and the night passed quietly
 without the least disturbance. The bears had evi-
 dently disappeared.

CHAPTER XII
Imprisoned in Doctor’s House

 THE first business next day was to arrange for a
 hunt. It was settled that Altamont, Bell, and
 Hatteras should form the party, while Clawbonny
 should go and explore as far as Johnson Island and
 make some hydrographic notes, and Johnson should
 remain behind to keep house.

 The three hunters soon completed their preparations.
 They armed themselves each with a double-barreled
 pistol and a rifle, and took plenty of powder and bullets.
 Each man also carried- in his belt his indispensable
 snow knife and hatchet and a small supply of pem-
 mican in case night should surprise them before their
 return.

 Thus equipped, they could go far, and might count
 on a good supply of game.

 At eight o’clock they started, accompanied by Duk,
 who frisked and gamboled with delight. They went
 up the hill to the east, across the cone, and down into
 the plain below.
340

AMAZING STORIES

  The Doctor next took his departure, after agreeing
with Johnson on a signal of alarm in case of danger.

  The old boatswain was left alone, but he had plenty
to do. He began by unfastening the Greenland dogs,
and letting them out for a run, after their long, weari-
some confinement. Then he attended to divers house-
keeping matters. He had to replenish the stock of
combustibles and provisions, to arrange the store-houses,
to mend several broken utensils, to repair the rents in
coverlets, and get new shoes ready for summer excur-
sions. There was no lack of work, and the old sailor’s
nimble, clever fingers could do anything.

  While his hands were busy, his mind was occupied
with the conversation of the preceding evening. He
pondered with regret over the captain's obstinacy, and
yet he felt that there was something grand and even
heroic in his determination that neither an American
nor an American ship should first touch the Pole.

  The hunters had gone about an hour when Johnson
suddenly heard the report of a gun.

  “Capital!” he exclaimed. “They have found some-
thing, and pretty quickly too, if we can hear their
guns so distinctly. The atmosphere must be very
clear.”

  A second and a third shot followed.

  “Bravo!” again exclaimed the boatswain; “they must
have fallen in luck’s way!”

  But when three more shots came in rapid succession,
the old man turned pale, and a horrible thought crossed
his mind which made him rush out and climb hastily to
the top of the cone. He shuddered at the sight which
met his eyes. The three hunters, followed by Duk,
were tearing home at full speed, followed by the five
huge bears! Their six balls had evidently taken no
effect, and the terrible monsters were close on their
heels. Hatteras, who brought up the rear, could only
manage to keep off his pursuers by flinging down one
article after another—first his cap, then his hatchet, and,
finally, his gun. He knew that the inquisitive bears
would stop and examine every object, sniffing all round
it, and this gave him a little time. Otherwise he could
not have escaped, for these animals outstrip the fleetest
horse, and one monster was so near that Hatteras had
to brandish his knife vigorously, to ward off a tre-
mendous blow of his paw.

  At last, though panting and out of breath, the three
men reached Johnson safely, and slid down the rock
with him into the snow-house. The bears stopped
short on the upper plateau, and Hatteras and his com-
panions lost no time in barring and barricading them
out.

  “Here we are at last!” exclaimed Hatteras; “we can
defend ourselves better now. It is five against five.”

  “Four!” said Johnson, in a frightened voice.

 “How?”

  “The Doctor!” replied Johnson, pointing to the empty
sitting-room. “He is on Johnson’s Island.”

  “A bad job for him,” said Bell.

  “But we can’t leave him to his fate, in this fashion,”
said Altamont.

  “No; let’s be off to find him at once,” replied Hat-
teras. He opened the door, but soon shut it, narrowly

escaping a bear’s hug. “They are there!” he exclaimed. '

  “All?” asked Bell.

  “The whole pack.”

  Altamont rushed to the windows, and began to fill
up the deep embrasure with blocks of ice, which he
broke off the walls of the house.

  His companions followed his example silently. Not
a sound was heard but the low, deep growl of Duk.

  To tell the simple truth, however, it was not their
own danger that occupied their thoughts, but that of
their absent friend, the Doctor. It was for him they
trembled, not for themselves. Poor Clawbonny, so
good and devoted as he had been to every member of
the little colony! This was the first time they had
been separated from him. Extreme peril and most
likely a frightful death awaited him, for he might
return unsuspectingly to Fort Providence, and find
himself in the power of these ferocious animals.

  “And yet,” said Johnson, “unless I am much mis-
taken, he must be on guard. Your repeated shots can-
not but have warned him. He must surely be aware
that something unusual has happened.”

  “But suppose he was too far away to hear them,"
replied Altamont, “or has not understood the cause
of them? It is ten chances to one but he’ll come
quickly back, never imagining the danger. The bears
are screened from sight by the crag completely.”

  “We must get rid of them before he comes,” said
Hatteras.

  “But how?” asked Bell.

  It was difficult to reply to this, for a sortie was out
of the question. They had taken care to barricade the
entrance passage, but the bears could easily find a
way in if they chose. So it was thought advisable to
keep a close watch on their movements outside, by
listening attentively in each room, so as to be able to
resist all attempts at invasion. They could distinctly
hear them prowling about, growling and scraping the
walls with their enormous paws.

  However, some action must be taken speedily, for
time was passing. Altamont resolved to try a port-hole
through which he might fire on his assailants. He had
soon scooped out a hole in the wall, but his gun was
hardly pushed through when it was seized with irre-
sistible force, and wrested from his grasp before he
could even fire.

  “Confound it!” he exclaimed, “we’re no match for
them.”

  This state of things had lasted upwards of an hour,
and there seemed no prospect of a termination. The
question of a sortie began now to be seriously discussed.
There was little chance of success, as the bears could
not be attacked separately, but Hatteras and his com-
panions had grown so impatient, and it must be con-
fessed were also so much ashamed of being kept in
prison by beasts, that they would even have dared the
risk, if the captain had not suddenly thought of a new
mode of defense.

  He took Johnson’s furnace-poker, and thrust it into
the stove, while he made an opening in the snow wall,
or rather a partial opening, for he left a thin sheet of
ice on the outer side. As soon as the poker was red-hot
THE DESERT OF ICE

341

 he said to his comrades, who stood eagerly watching
 him, wondering what he was going to do:

 “This red-hot bar will keep off the bears when they
 try to get hold of it, and we shall be able easily to fire
 across it without letting them snatch away our guns.”
 “A good idea,” said Bell, posting himself beside Al-
 tamont.

 Hatteras withdrew the poker, and instantly plunged
 it in the wall. The melting snow made a loud hissing
 noise, and two bears ran and made a snatch at the glow-
 ing bar; but they fell back with a terrible howl, and at
 the same moment four shots resounded, one after the
 other.

 “Hit!" exclaimed Altamont.

 “Hit!” echoed Bell.

 “Let us repeat the dose,” said Hatteras, carefully
 stopping up the opening meantime.

 The poker was again thrust into the fire, and in a
 few minutes was ready for Hatteras to recommence op-
 erations.

 Altamont and Bell reloaded their guns, and took their
 • places; but this time the poker would not pass through.

 “Confound the beasts;” exclaimed the impetuous
 American.

 “What's the matter?” asked Johnson.

 “What’s the matter? Why, those plaguey animals
 are piling up block after block, intending to bury us
 alive!”

 “Impossible!”

 “Look for yourself; the poker can’t get through. I
 declare it is getting absurd now.”

 It was worse than absurd; it was alarming. Things
 grew worse. It was evident that the bears meant to
 stifle their prey, for the sagacious animals were heap-
 ing up huge masses, which would make escape impos-
 sible.

 “It is too bad,” said old Johnson, with a mortified
 look. “One might put up with men, but bears!”

 Two hours elapsed without bringing any relief to
 the prisoners; to go out was impossible, and the thick
 walls excluded all sound. Altamont walked impatiently
 up and down, full of exasperation and excitement at
 finding himself worsted for once. Hatteras could
 think of nothing but the Doctor, and of the serious peril
 which threatened him.

 “Oh, if Dr. Clawbonny were only here!” said John-
 son.

 “What could he do?” asked Altamont.

 “Oh, he’d manage to get us out somehow.”

 “How, pray?” said the American, crossly.

 “If I knew that, I should not need him. However,
 I know what his advice just now would be.”

 “What?”

 “To take some food; that can’t hurt us. What do
 you say, Mr. Altamont?”

 “Oh, let’s eat, by all means, if that will please you,
 though we're in a ridiculous, not to say humiliating
 plight.”

 “I’ll bet you we’ll find a way out after dinner.”
 No one replied, but they seated themselves round
 the table. Johnson, trained in Clawbonny’s school,
 tried to be brave and unconcerned about the danger, but

 he could scarcely manage it. His jokes stuck in his
 throat. Moreover, the whole party began to feel un-
 comfortable. The atmosphere was getting dense, for
 every opening was hermetically sealed. The stoves
 would hardly draw, and it was evident they would soon
 go out altogether for want of oxygen.

 Hatteras was the first to see their fresh danger, and
 he made no attempt to hide it from his companions.

 “If that is the case,” said Altamont,' “we must get
 out at all risks.”

 “Yes,” replied Hatteras; “but let us wait till night.
 We will make a hole in the roof, and let in a provision
 of air, and then one of us can fire out of it on the
 bears.”

“It is the only thing we can do, I suppose,” said
Altamont.

So it was agreed; but waiting was hard work, and
Altamont could not refrain from giving vent to his im-
patience by thundering maledictions on the bears, and
abusing the ill fate which had placed them in such an
awkward and humbling predicament. “It was beasts
versus men,” he said, “and certainly the men cut a
pretty figure.”

CHAPTER XIII
The Mine

NIGHT drew on, and the lamp in the sitting-
room already began to burn dim for want of
oxygen. At eight o’clock the final arrangements
were completed, and all that remained to do was to
make an opening in the roof.

They had been working away at this for some min-
utes, and Bell was showing himself quite an adept at the
business, when Johnson, who had been keeping watch
in the sleeping room, came hurriedly in to his com-
panions, pulling such a long face that the captain
asked immediately what was the matter.

 “Nothing exactly,” said the old sailor, “and yet-”

“Come, out with it!” exclaimed Altamont.

“Hush! don’t you hear a peculiar noise?”

“Where?”

 “Here, on this side, on the wall of the room.”

 Bell stopped working, and listened attentively like
 the rest. Johnson was right; a noise there certainly
 was on the side wall, as if someone were cutting the
 ice.

 “Don’t you hear it?” repeated Johnson.

“Hear it? Yes, plain enough,” replied Altamont.

 “Is it the bears?” asked Bell.

 “Most assuredly.”

“Well, they have changed their tactics,” said old
Johnson, “and given up the idea of suffocating us.”

“Or maybe they suppose we are suffocated by now,”
suggested the American, getting furious at his invis-
ible enemies.

 “They are going to attack us,” said Bell.

 “Well, what of it?” returned Hatteras.

 “We shall have a hand-to-hand struggle, that’s all.”

“And so much the better,” added Altamont; “that’s
far more to my taste: I have had enough of invisible
foes—let me see my antagonist, and I can fight him.”
342

AMAZING STORIES

  “Ay,” said Johnson; “but not with guns. They
would be useless here.”

  “With knife and hatchet then,” returned the Ameri-
can.

  The noise increased, and it was evident that the point
of attack was the angle of the wall formed by its junc-
tion with the cliff.

  “They are hardly six feet off now,” said the boats-
wain.

  “Right, Johnson!” replied Altamont; “but we have
time enough to be ready for them.”

  And seizing a hatchet, he placed himself in fighting
attitude, planting his right foot firmly forward and
throwing himself back.

  Hatteras and the others followed his example, and
Johnson took care to load a gun in case of necessity.

  Every minute the sound came nearer, till at last
only a thin coating separated them from their assail-
ants.

  Presently this gave way with a loud crack, and a
huge dark mass rolled over into the room.

  Altamont had already swung his hatchet to strike,
when he was arrested by a well-known voice, exclaim-
ing:

  “For Heaven’s sake, stop!”

  “The Doctor! the Doctor!” cried Johnson.

  And the Doctor it actually was who had tumbled in
among them in such undignified fashion.

  “How do ye do, good friends?” he said, picking
himself smartly up.

  His companions stood stupefied for a moment, but
joy soon loosened their tongues, and each rushed
eagerly forward to welcome his old comrade with a
loving embrace. Hatteras was for once fairly over-
come with emotion, and positively hugged him like a
child.

  “And is it really you, Dr. Clawbonny?” said John-
son.

  “Myself and nobody else, my old fellow. I assure
you I have been far more uneasy about you than you
could have been about me.”

  “But how did you know we had been attacked by
a troop of bears?” asked Altamont. “What we were
most afraid of was that you would quickly come back
to Fort Providence, never dreaming of the danger you
were rushing into.”

  “Oh, I saw it all. Your repeated shots gave me
the alarm. When you commenced firing I was beside
the wreck of the Porpoise, but I climbed up a hum-
mock. and discovered five bears close on your heels.
Oh, how anxious I was for you! But when I saw
you disappear down the cliff, while the bears stood
hesitating on the edge, as if uncertain what to do, I
felt sure that you had managed to get safely inside
the house and barricade it. I crept cautiously nearer,
sometimes going on all-fours, sometimes slipping be-
tween great blocks of ice, till I came at last quite close
to our fort, and then I found the bears working away
like beavers. They were prowling about the snow,
and dragging enormous blocks of ice towards the house,
piling them up like a wall, evidently intending to bury
you alive. It is a lucky thing they did not take it into

their heads to dash down the blocks from the summit
of the cone, for then you must have been crushed in-
evitably.”

  “But what danger you were in, Dr. Clawbonny,”
said Bell. “Any moment they might have turned round
and attacked you.”

  “They never thought of it, even. Johnson’s Green-
land dogs came in sight several times, but they did
not take the trouble to go after them. No, they imag-
ined themselves sure of a more savory supper!”
“Thanks for the compliment!” said Altamont, laugh-
ing.

  “Oh, there is nothing to be proud of. When I saw
what the bears were up to, I determined to get back
to you by some means or other. I waited till night,
but as soon as it got dark I glided noiselessly along
towards the powder-magazine. I had reasons for
choosing that point from which to work my way hither,
and I speedily commenced operations with my snow-
knife. A famous tool it is. For three mortal hours
I have been hacking and heaving away, but here I am
at last, tired enough and starving, but still safe here.”
“To share our fate!” said Altamont.

  “No, to save you all; but for mercy’s sake, give me
a biscuit and a bit of meat, for I am sinking for want
of food.”

A SUBSTANTIAL meal was soon before him, but
the vivacious little man could talk all the while
he was eating, and was quite ready to answer any ques-
tions.

  “Did you say to save us?” asked Bell.

  “Most assuredly!” was the reply.

  “Well, certainly, if you found your way in, we
can find our way out by the same road.”

  “A likely story! And leave the field clear for the
whole pack to come in and find out our stores. Pretty
havoc they would make!”

  “No, we must stay here,” said Hatteras.

  “Of course we must,” replied Clawbonny; “but we’ll
get rid of the bears for all that.”

  “I told you so,” said Johnson, rubbing his hand,
“I knew that nothing was hopeless if Dr. Clawbonny
was here; he has always some expedient in his wise
head.”

  “My poor head is very empty, I fear, but by dint of

rummaging perhaps I-”

  “Doctor,” interrupted Altamont, “I suppose there is
no fear of the bears getting in by the passage you have
made?”

  “No, I took care to stop up the opening thoroughly,
and now we can reach the powder-magazine without
letting them see us.”

  “All right; and now will you let us have your plan
of getting rid of these comical assailants?”

  “My plan is quite simple, and part of the work is
done already.”

  “What do you mean ?”

  “You shall see. But I am forgetting that I brought
a companion with me.”

  “What do you say?” said Johnson.

  "I have a companion to introduce to you,” replied
THE DESERT OF ICE

343

the Doctor, going out again into the passage and bring-
ing back a dead fox, newly killed.

  “I shot it this morning, and never did fox come
more opportunely.”

  “What on earth do you mean ?” asked Altamont.

  “I mean to blow up the bears cn masse with 100
pounds of powder.”

  “But where is the powder?” exclaimed his friends.
“In the magazine. This passage will lead to it. I
made it purposely.”

  “And where is the mine to be?” inquired Altamont.
“At the farthest point from the house and stores.”
“And how will you manage to entice the bears there,
all to one spot?”

  “I’ll undertake that business; but we have talked
enough, let us set to work. We have a hundred feet
more to add to our passage to-night, and that is no
easy matter; but as there are five of us, we can take
turns at it. Bell will begin, and we will lie down and
sleep meantime.”

  “Well, really,” said Johnson, “the more I think of
it, the more feasible seems the Doctor’s plan.”

  “It is a sure one, anyway,” said Clawbonny.

  “So sure that I can feel the bears’ fur already on
my shoulder. Well, come, let’s begin then.”

  Away he went into the gloomy passage, followed
by Bell, and in a few moments they had reached the
powder-magazine, and stood among the well-arranged
barrels. The Doctor pointed out to his companion the
exact spot where he began excavating, and then left
him to his task, at which he labored diligently for
about an hour, when Altamont came to relieve him.
All the snow he had dug out was taken to the kitchen
and melted, to prevent its taking up room.

  The captain succeeded Altamont, and was followed
by Johnson. In ten hours—that is to say, about eigfit
in the morning—the gallery was entirely open.

  With the first streak of day, the Doctor was up to
reconnoiter the position of the enemy. The patient ani-
mals were still occupying their old position, prowling
up and down and growling. The house had already
almost disappeared beneath the piled-up blocks of ice;
but even while he gazed, they seemed to have deter-
mined to alter the plan of action, for suddenly all the
five bears vigorously began to pull down these same
heaped-up blocks.

  “What are they about?” asked Hatteras.

  “Well, they seem to me to be bent on demolishing
their own work, and getting right down to us as fast
as possible; but wait a bit, my gentlemen, we’ll de-
molish you first.”

  Hastening away to the mine, he had the chamber
where the powder was to be lodged enlarged the whole
breadth and height of the sloping rock against which
the wall leaned, till the upper part was about a foot
thick, and had to be propped up to prevent its falling
in. A strong stake was fixed firmly on the granite
foundation, on the top of which the dead fox was fas-
tened. A rope was attached to the lower part of the
stake, sufficiently long to reach the powder stores.

  “This is the bait,” he said, pointing to the dead
fox. “and here is the mine,” he added, slowly rolling

in a keg of powder containing about 100 pounds.

  “But, Doctor,” said Hatteras, “won’t that blow us
up too, as well as the bears?”

“No, we shall be too far from the scene of explo-
sion. Besides, our house is solid, and we can soon
repair the walls, even if they should get a bit shaken.”
“And how do you propose to manage?” asked Alta-
mont.

  “By hauling in this rope we lower the post which
props up the roof, and make it give way, and bring up
the dead fox to light. I think you will agree with me
that the bears are so famished with their long fasting
that they won’t lose much time in rushing towards their
unexpected meal. Well, just at that very moment, I
shall set fire to the mine, and blow up both the guests
and the meal.”

  “Capital! Capital!” shouted Johnson, who had been
listening with intense interest.

  Hatteras said nothing, for he had such absolute con-
fidence in his friend that he wanted no further explana-
tion. But Altamont must know the why and wherefore
of everything.”

  “But, Doctor,” he said, “can you reckon on your
match so exactly that you can be quite sure it will fire
the mine at the right moment?”

  “I don’t need to reckon at all.”

  “Then you have a match a hundred feet long?”
  “No.”

  “You are simply going to lay a train of powder?”
  “No, that might miss fire.”

  “Well, there is no way then but for one of us to
devote his life to the others, and go and light the pow-
der himself.

  “I’m ready,” said Johnson, eagerly, “ready and will-
ing.”

  “Quite useless, my brave fellow,” replied the Doc-
tor, holding out his hand. “All our lives are precious,
and they will all be spared, thank God!”

  “Well, I give it up!” said the American. “I’ll make
no more guesses.”

  “I should like to know what is the good of learning
physics,” said the Doctor, smiling, “if it can’t help
a man in a pinch like this. Haven’t we an electric
battery, and wires long enough attached to it to serve
our purpose? We can fire our mine at any instant,
and without the slightest danger.”

  “Hurrah!” exclaimed Johnson.

  “Hurrah!!” echoed the others, without heeding
whether the enemy heard them or not.

  The Doctor’s idea was immediately carried out, and
the connected lines uncoiled and laid down from the
house to the chamber of the mine, one end of each
remaining attached to the electric battery, and the other
inserted into the keg of powder.

  By nine o’clock everything was ready. It was high
time, for the bears were furiously engaged in the work
of demolition. Johnson was stationed in the powder-
magaine, in charge of the cord which held the bait.

  “Now,” said Clawbonny to his companions, “load
your guns, in case our assailants are not killed. Stand
beside Johnson, and the moment the explosion is over,
rush out.”
344

AMAZING STORIES

  “All right,” said Altamont.

  “And now we have done all we can to help our-
selves. So may Heaven help us!”

  Hatteras, Altamont and Bell repaired to the powder-
magazine, while the Doctor remained alone beside the
pile. Soon he heard Johnson’s voice in the distance
calling out “Ready!”

  “All right!” was the reply.

  Johnson pulled his rope vigorously, and then rushed
to the loophole to see the effect. The thin shell of ice
had given way, and the body of the fox lay among
the ruins. The bears were somewhat scared at first,
but the next minute had eagerly rushed to seize the
booty.

  “Fire!” called out Johnson, and at once the electric
spark was sent along the lines right into the keg of
powder. A formidable explosion ensued; the house
was shaken as if by an earthquake, and the walls
cracked asunder. Hatteras, Altamont and Bell hur-
ried out with the guns, but they might spare their shot,
for four of the bears lay dead, and the fifth, half
roasted, though alive, was scampering away in terror,
as fast as his legs could-carry him.

  “Hurrah! Three cheers for Clawbonny,” they
shouted, and overwhelmed the Doctor with plaudits
and thanks.

           CHAPTER XIV
           An Arctic Spring

THE prisoners were free, and their joy found
vent in the noisiest demonstrations. They em-
ployed the rest of the day in repairing the house,
which had suffered greatly by the explosion.

  Next morning there was a singular rise in the tem-
perature, the thermometer going up to 15° above zero.
This comparative heat lasted several days. In shel-
tered spots the glass rose as high as 31°, and symptoms
of a coming thaw appeared. The ice began to crack
here and there, and jets of salt water were thrown up,
like fountains in an English park. A few days later,
the rain fell in torrents.

  Thick vapor rose from the snow, giving promise of
the speedy disappearance of these immense masses.
The sun’s pale disk became deeper in color, and re-
mained longer above the horizon. The night was
scarcely longer than three hours. Other tokens of
spring’s approach became manifest. The birds were
returning in flocks, and the air resounded with their
deafening cries. Hares were seen on the shores of
the bay, and mice were in such abundance that their
burrows completely honeycombed the ground.

  The Doctor drew the attention of his companions
to the fact that almost all these animals were begin-
ning to lose their white winter dress, and would soon
put on summer attire; and nature was already provid-
ing mosses, and poppies, and saxifrage, and short
grass for their sustenance. A new world lay beneath
that melting snow.

  But with their inoffensive animals came back their
natural enemies. Foxes and wolves arrived in search
of their prey, and dismal howls broke the silence of the
short night.

  Arctic wolves closely resemble dogs, and their bark-
ing would deceive the most practiced ears; even the
canine race themselves have been deceived by it. In-
deed, it seems as if the wily animals employed this
ruse to. attract the dogs, and make them their prey.
Several navigators have mentioned the fact, and the
Doctor’s own experience confirmed it. Johnson took
care not to let his Greenlanders loose; of Duk there
was little fear—nothing could take him in.

  For about a fortnight hunting was the principal
occupation. There was an abundant supply of fresh
meat to be had. They shot partridges, ptarmigans, and
snow ortolans, which are delicious eating. The hunt-
ers never went far from Fort Providence, for game
was so plentiful that it seemed awaiting their guns,
and the whole bay presented an animated appearance.

  The thaw, meanwhile, was making rapid progress.
The thermometer stood steadily at 32° above zero, and
the water ran round the mountain-sides in cataracts,
and dashed in torrents through the ravines.

  The Doctor lost no time in clearing about an acre
of ground, in which he sowed the seeds of anti-scor-
butic plants. He just had the pleasure of seeing tiny
little green leaves begin to sprout, when the cold re-
turned in full force.

  In a single night the thermometer lost nearly 40°; it
went down to 8° below zero. Everything was frozen;
birds, quadrupeds, amphibia disappeared as if by magic;
seal-holes re-closed, and the ice once more became hard
as granite.

  The change was most striking; it occurred on the
18th of May, during the night. The Doctor was
rather disappointed at having all his work to do again,
but Hatteras bore the grievance most unphilosophically,
as it interfered with all his plans of speedy departure.

  “Do you think we shall have a long spell of this
weather, Dr. Clawbonny?” asked Johnson.

  “No, my friend, I don’t; it is a last blow from the
cold. You see these are his dominions, and he won’t
be driven out without making some resistance.”

  “He can defend himself pretty well,” said Bell, rub-
bing his face.

  “Yes; but I ought to have waited, and not have
wasted my seed like an ignoramus; and all the more
as I could, if necessary, have made them sprout by
the kitchen stoves.”

  “But do you mean to say,” asked Altamont, “that
you might have anticipated the sudden change.”

  “Of course, and without being a wizard. I ought
to have put my seed under the protection of Saint
Paucratius and the two other saints, whose fete days
fall this month.”

  The Doctor was right, for the cold lasted till the
end of the month, and put an end to all their hunting
expeditions. The old monotonous life indoors recom-
menced, and was unmarked by any incident except a
serious illness which suddenly attacked Bell. This was
violent quinsy, but, under the Doctor’s skillful treat-
ment, it was soon cured.

  During this compulsory leisure, Clawbonny deter-
mined to have a talk with the captain on an important
subject—a subject equally important to all—the build-
THE DESERT OF ICE

345

ing of a boat out of the planks of the Porpoise.

  The Doctor hardly knew how to begin, as Hatteras
had declared so vehemently that he would never con-
sent to use a morsel of American wood; yet it was high
time he were brought to reason, as June was at hand,
the only season for distant expeditions, and they could
not start without a boat.

  He thought over it a long while, and at last drew
the captain aside, and said, in the kindest, gentlest
way:

  “Hatteras, do you believe I’m your friend?”

   “Most certainly I do,” replied the captain, earnestly;
“my best, indeed, my only friend.”

  “And if I give you a piece of advice without your
asking, will you consider my motive is perfectly dis-
interested ?”

  “Yes, for I know you have never been actuated by
self-interest. But what are you driving at?”

  “Wait, Hatteras; I have one thing more to ask.
Do you look on me as a true-hearted Englishman like
yourself, anxious for his country’s glory?”

   Hatteras looked surprised, but simply said:

   “I do.”

“\7’OU desire to reach the North Pole,” the Doc-
1 tor went on; “and I understand and share your
ambition: but to achieve your object you must employ
the right means.”

   “Well, and have I not sacrificed everything for it?”
Hatteras asked.

   “No, Hatteras, you have not sacrificed your personal
antipathies. Even at this very moment I know you
are in the mood to refuse the indispensable conditions
of reaching the Pole.”

   “Ah! it is the boat you want to talk about, and that
man-”

  “Hatteras, let us discuss the question calmly, and
examine the case on all sides. The coast on which we
find ourselves at present may terminate abruptly; we
have no proof that it stretches right away to the Pole;
indeed, if your present information proves correct, we
ought to come to an open sea during the summer
months.

  “Well, supposing we reach this Arctic Ocean and
find it free from ice and easy to navigate, what shall
we do if we have no boat?”

   Hatteras made no reply.

   "Tell me, now, would you like to find yourself only
a few miles from the Pole and not be able to get to
it?”

   Hatteras still said nothing, but buried his head in
his hands.

   “Besides,” continued the Doctor, “look at the ques-
tion in its moral aspect. Here is an Englishman who
sacrifices his fortune, and even his life to win fresh
glory for his country, but because the boat which bears
him across an unknown ocean, or touches the new
shore, happens to be made of the planks of an Ameri-
can vessel—a castaway wreck of no use to anyone—
will that lessen the honor of the discovery? If you
yourself had found the hull of some wrecked vessel
lying deserted on the shore, would you have hesitated

to make use of it; and must not a sloop built by four
Englishmen and manned by four Englishmen be Eng-
lish from keel to gunwale?”

   Hatteras was still silent.

  “No,” continued Clawbonny; “the real truth is, it
is not the sloop you care about; it is the man.”
“Yes, Doctor, yes,” replied the captain. “It is this
American I detest; I hate him with a thorough English
hatred. Fate has thrown him in my path.”

  “To save you!”

  “To ruin me. He seems to defy me, and speaks as
if he were lord and master. He thinks he has my des-
tiny in his hands, and knows all my projects. Didn’t
we see the man in his true colors when we were giving
names to the different coasts ? Has he ever avowed his
object in coming so far north? You will never get it
out of my head that this man is not the leader of some
expedition sent out by the American Government.”
“Well, Hatteras, suppose it is so, does it follow that
his expedition is to search for the North Pole? May
it not be to find the Northwest Passage? But anyway,
Altamont is in complete ignorance of our object, for
neither Johnson, nor Bell, nor myself, have ever
breathed a word to him about it, and I am sure you
have not.”

  “Well, let him always remain so.”

  “He must be told in the end, for we can’t leave him
here alone.”

  “Why not? Can’t he stay here in Fort Providence?”
“He would never consent to that, Hatteras; and,
moreover, to leave a man in that way, and not know
whether we might find him safe when we come back,
would be worse than imprudent; it would be inhuman.
Altamont will come with us; he must come. But we
need not disclose our projects; let us tell him nothing,
but simply build a sloop for the ostensible purpose of
making a survey of the coast. It seems to me it should
prove to be a simple matter.”

  Hatteras could not bring himself to consent, but
said:

  “Suppose the man doesn’t allow his ship to be cut
up?”

  “In that case, you must take the law into your own
hands, and build a vessel in spite of him. There would
be nothing else to do.”

  “I wish to goodness he would refuse, then!”

  “He must be asked before he can refuse. I’ll un-
dertake the asking,” said Clawbonny.

  He kept his word, for that very same night at sup-
per, he managed to turn the conversation towards the
subject of making excursions during summer for hy-
drographical purposes.

  “You will join us, I suppose, Altamont,” he said.
“Of course,” replied the American. “We must know
how far New America extends.”

Hatteras looked fixedly at his rival, but said nothing.
“And for that purpose,” continued Altamont, “we
had better build a little ship out of the remains of the
Porpoise. It is the best possible use we can make of
her.”

  “You hear, Bell,” said the Doctor, eagerly. “We’ll
all set to work to-morrow morning.”
346

AMAZING STORIES

CHAPTER XV
The Northwest Passage

NEXT morning Altamont, Bell, and the Doctor
repaired to the Porpoise. There was no lack of
wood, for, shattered as the old “three-master”
had been by the icebergs, she could still supply the
principal parts of a new ship, and the carpenter began
his task immediately.

  In the end of May the temperature again rose, and
spring returned for good and all. Rain fell copiously,
and before long the melting snow was running down
every little slope in falls and cascades.

  Hatteras could not contain his delight at these signs
of a general thaw among the ice-fields, for an open sea
would bring him liberty. At last he might hope to
ascertain for himself whether his predecessors were
correct in their assertions about a Polar basin.

  This was a frequent topic of thought and conver-
sation with him, and one evening when he was going
over all the old familiar arguments in support of his
theory, Altamont took up the subject, and declared his
opinion that the polar basin extended west as well as
east. But it was impossible for the American and
the Einglishman to talk long about anything without
coming to words, so intensely national were both. Dr.
Kane was the first bone of contention on this oc-
casion, for the jealous Englishman was unwilling to
grant his rival the glory of being a discoverer, alleging
his belief that though the brave adventurer had gone
far north, it was by mere chance he had made a dis-
covery.

  “Chance!” interrupted Altamont, hotly. “Do you
mean to assert that it is not to Kane’s energy and
science that we owe his great discovery ?”

  “I mean to say that Dr. Kane’s name is not worth
mentioning in a country made illustrious by such names
as Parry, and Franklin, and Ross, and Belcher, and
Penny; in a country where the seas opened the North-
west Passage to an Englishman—McClure!”

  “McClure!” exclaimed the American. “Well, if
ever chance favored anyone it was that McClure. Do
you pretend to deny it?"

  “I do,” said Hatteras, becoming quite excited. “It
was his courage and perseverance in remaining four
whole winters among the ice.”

  “I believe that, don’t I?” said Altamont, sneeringly.
“He was caught among the bergs and could not get
away; but didn’t he after all abandon his ship, the In-
vestigator, and try to get back home? Besides, putting
the man aside, what is the value of his discovery? I
maintain that the Northwest Passage is still undis-
covered, for not a single ship to this day has ever
sailed from Bering Strait to Baffin Bay!”

  The fact was indisputable, but Hatteras started to his
feet, and said:

  “I will not permit the honor of an English captain
to be attacked in my presence any longer!”

  “You will not permit!” echoed Altamont, also spring-
ing erect. “But these are facts, and it is out of your
power to destroy them!”

  “Sir!” shouted Hatteras, pale with rage.

  “My friends!” interposed the Doctor; “pray be
calm. This is a scientific point that we are discussing.”
But Hatteras was deaf to reason now, and said
angrily:

  “I’ll tell you the facts, sir.”

“And I’ll tell you,” retorted the irate American.
“Gentlemen,” said Clawbonny, in a firm tone, “al-
low me to speak, for I know the facts of the case as
well as and perhaps better than you, and I can state
them impartially.”

  “Yes, yes!” cried Bell and Johnson, who had been
anxiously watching the strife.

  “Well, go on,” said Altamont, finding himself in the
minority, while Hatteras simply made a sign of acqui-
escence, and resumed his seat.

  The Doctor brought a chart and spread it out on the
table, that his auditors might follow his narration in-
telligibly, and be able to judge the merits of McClure for
themselves.

  “It was in 1848,” he said, “that two vessels, the
Herald and the Plover, were sent out in search of
Franklin, but their efforts proving ineffectual, two
others were despatched to assist them—the Investi-
gator, in command of McClure, and the Enterprise,
in command of Captain Collinson. The Investigator
arrived first in Bering Strait, and without waiting
for her consort, set out with the declared purpose to
find Franklin or the Northwest Passage. The gal-
lant young officer hoped to push north as far as Mel-
ville Sound, but just at the extremity of the Strait
he was stopped by an insurmountable barrier of ice
and forced to winter there. During the long, dreary
months, however, he and his officers undertook a
journey over the ice-field to make sure of its com-
municating with Melville Sound.”

  “Yes, but he did not get through,” said Altamont.
“Stop a bit,” replied Clawbonny; “as soon as a thaw
set in, McClure renewed his attempt to bring his ship
into Melville Sound, and had succeeded in getting
within twenty miles, when contrary winds set in, and
dragged her south with irresistible violence. This de-
cided the captain to alter his course. He determined to
go in a westerly direction: but after a fearful struggle
with icebergs, he stuck fast in the first of the series of
straits which end in Baffin Bay, and was obliged to win-
ter in Mercy Bay. His provisions would only hold out
eighteen months longer, but he would not give up. He
set out on a sled, and reached Melville Island, hop-
ing to fall in with some ship or other, but all he found
in Winter Harbor was a cairn, which contained a docu-
ment, stating that Captain Austin’s lieutenant, McClin-
tock, had been there the preceding year. McClure re-
placed this document by another, which stated his in-
tention of returning to England by the Northwest Pas-
sage he had discovered, by Lancaster Sound and Baffin
Bay, and that in the event of his not being heard of, he
might be looked for north or west of Melville Island.
Then he went back to Mercy Bay with undaunted cour-
age, to pass a third winter. By the beginning of March
his stock of provisions was so reduced, in consequence
of the utter scarcity of game, through the severity of
the season, that McClure resolved to send half his men
THE DESERT OF ICE

347

to England, either by Baffin Bay or by McKenzie
River and Hudson Bay. The other half would manage
to work the vessel to Europe. He kept all his best
sailors, and selected for departure only those to whom
a fourth winter would have been fatal. Everything was
arranged for their leaving, and the day fixed, when
McClure, who was out walking with Lieutenant Cras-
well, observed a man running towards them, flinging up
his arms and gesticulating frantically, and on getting
nearer recognized him as Lieutenant Prim, officer on
board the Herald, one of the ships he had parted with
in Bering Strait two years before. Captain Kellett,
the Commander, had reached Winter Harbor, and find-
ing McClure’s document in the cairn, had dispatched his
lieutenant in search of him. McClure accompanied
him back, and arranged with the captain to send him his
batch of invalids. Lieutenant Craswell took charge
of these and conveyed them safely to Winter Harbor.
Leaving them there he went across the ice four hun-
dred and seventy miles, and arrived at Beechey Island,
where, a few days afterwards, he took passage with
twelve men on board the Phoenix, and reached London
safely on the 7th of October, 1853, having traversed
the whole extent between Bering Strait and Cape
Farewell.”

  “Well, if arriving on one side and leaving at the
other is not going through, I don’t know what is!”
“Yes, but he went four hundred and seventy miles
over ice-fields,” objected Altamont.

  “What of that?”

  “Everything; that is the gist of the whole argument.
It was not the Investigator that went through.”

  “No,” replied Clawbonny, “for, at the close or the
fourth winter, McClure was obliged to leave her among'
the ice.”

  “Well, in maritime expeditions the vessel has to get
through, and not the man; and if ever the Northwest
Passage is practicable, it will be for ships and not
sledges. If a ship cannot go, a sloop must.”

  “A sloop!” exclaimed Hatteras, discovering a hidden
meaning in the words.

  “Altamont,” said the Doctor, “your distinction is
simply puerile, and in that respect we all consider that
you are in the wrong.”

  “You may easily do that,” returned the American.
“It is four against one. but that will not prevent me
from holding my own opinion.”

  “Keep it and welcome, but keep it to yourself, if
you please, for the future,” exclaimed Hatteras.

  “And pray what right have you to speak to me like
this, sir?” shouted Altamont, in a fury.

  “My right as captain,” returned Hatteras, equally
angry.

  “Am I to submit to your orders, then?”

  “Most assuredly, and woe to you if—”

  The Doctor did not allow him to proceed, for he
really feared the two antagonists might come to blows.
Bell and Johnson seconded his endeavors to make
peace, and, after a few conciliatory words, Altamont
turned on his heel, and walked carelessly away, whis-
tling “Yankee Doodle.” Hatteras went outside and
paced up and down with rapid strides. In about an

hour he came back, and retired to bed without saying
another word.

            CHAPTER XVI
            Arctic Arcadia

ON the 29th of May, for the first time, the sun
never set. His glowing disk just touched the
boundary line of the horizon, and rose again
immediately. The period was now entered when the
day lasts twenty-four hours.

  Next morning there was a magnificent halo; the
monarch of day appeared surrounded by a luminous
circle radiant with all the prismatic colors. This
phenomenon never lost its charm for the Doctor, how-
ever frequently it occurred, and he always noted care-
fully all particulars respecting it.

  Before long the feathered tribes began to return,
filling the air with their discordant cries. The Doctor
shot several, and among them one or two cranes and
a solitary stork.

  The snow was now fast melting, and the ice-fields
were covered with “slush.” All round the bay large
pools had formed, between which the soil appeared as
if it was some product of spring.

  The Doctor recommenced his sowing, for he had
plenty of seed; but he was surprised to find sorrel
growing already between the half-dried stones, and even
pale sickly heaths, trying to show their delicate pink
blossoms.

  At last it began to be really hot weather. On the
15th of June the thermometer stood at 57° above
zero. The Doctor scarcely believed his eyes, but it was
a positive fact, and it was soon confirmed by the
changed appearance of the country.

  An excursion was made to Johnson’s Island, but It
turned out to be a barren little islet of no importance
whatever, though it gave the old boatswain infinite
pleasure to know those sea-girt rocks bore his name.

  There was some danger of both house and stores
melting, but happily, this high temperature proved ex-
ceptional, the thermometer seldom averaging ‘much
above freezing-point.

  By the middle of June the sloop had made good
progress, and already presented a shapely appearance.
As Bell and Johnson took the work of construction
entirely on themselves, the others went hunting, and
succeeded in killing several deer. Altamont adopted
the Indian practice of crawling on all-fours and ad-
justing his gun and arms so as to simulate horns and
deceive the timid animal, till he could get near enough
to take good aim.

  Their principal object of pursuit, however, was the
musk-ox, which Parry had met with in such numbers in
Melville Island; but not a solitary specimen was to be
seen anywhere about Victoria Bay, and a distant ex-
cursion was resolved upon.

  The three hunters, accompanied by Duk, set out on
Monday, the 17th of June, at six in the morning, each
man armed with a double-barreled gun, a hatchet and
snow-knife, and provisions for several days.

  It was a fine bright morning, and by ten o’clock they
had gone twelve miles; but saw not a living thing.
348

AMAZING STORIES

  However, they went on in hope, after a good break-
fast and half-an-hour’s rest.

  The ground was getting gradually lower, and pre-
sented a peculiar appearance from the snow, which lay
here and there in ridges unmelted. At a distance it
looked like the sea when a strong wind is lashing up
the waves, and cresting them with a white foam.

  Before long they reached a sort of glen, at the bot-
tom of which was a winding river. It was almost com-
pletely thawed, and already the banks were clothed with
a species of vegetation, as if the sun had done his best
to fertilize the soil.

  “I tell you what,” said the Doctor, “a few enterpris-
ing colonists might make a fine settlement here. With
a little industry and perseverance wonders might be
done in this country. Ah! if I am not much mistaken,
it has some four-footed inhabitants already. Those
frisky little fellows know the best spots to choose.”

  “Hares! I declare. That’s jolly!” said Altamont,
loading his gun.

  “Stop!” cried the Doctor; “stop, you furious hunter.
Let the poor little things alone; they are not thinking
of running away. Look, they are actually coming to
us.”

  He was right, for presently three or four young
hares, gamboling away among the fresh moss and tiny
heaths, came running about their legs so fearlessly
and trustfully, that even Altamont was disarmed. They
rubbed against the Doctor’s knees, and let him stroke
them till the kind-hearted man could not help saying
to Altamont:

  “Why give shot to those who come for caresses ? The
death of these little beasts could do us no good.”

  “You say what’s true, Clawbonny. Let them live!”
replied Hatteras.

  “And these ptarmigans too, I suppose, and these long-
legged plovers,” added Altamont, as a whole covey of
birds flew down among the hunters, never suspecting
their danger.

  Duk could not tell what to make of it, and stood
there stupefied.

  It was a strange and touching spectacle to see the
pretty creatures; they flew on Clawbonny’s shoulders,
and lay down at his feet as if inviting friendly caresses,
and doing their utmost to welcome the strangers. The
whole glen echoed with their joyous cries as they darted
to and fro from all parts. The good Doctor seemed
some mighty enchanter.

  The hunters had continued their course along the
banks of the river, when a sudden bend in the valley
revealed a herd of deer, eight or ten in number, peace-
fully browsing on some lichens that lay half-buried in
the snow. They were charming creatures, so graceful
and gentle, male and female, both adorned with noble
antlers, wide-spreading and deeply-notched. Their skin
had already lost its winter whiteness, and began to as-
sume the brown tint of summer. Strange to say, they
appeared not a whit more afraid than the 'birds or
hares.

  The three men were now right in the center of the
herd, but not one made the least movement to run
away. This time the worthy Doctor had far more diffi-

culty in restraining Altamont’s impatience, for the mere
sight of such magnificent animals roused his hunting in-
stincts, and he became quite excited; while Hatteras,
on the contrary, seemed really touched to see the splen-
did creatures rubbing their heads so affectionately and
trustfully against the good Clawbonny, the friend of
every living thing.

  “But, I say,” exclaimed Altamont, “didn’t we come
out expressly to hunt?”

  “To hunt the musk-ox, and nothing else,” replied
Clawbonny. “Besides, we shouldn’t know what to do
with this game, even if we killed it; we have provisions
enough. Let us for once enjoy the sight of men and
animals in perfect amity.”

  “It proves no human beings have been here be-
fore,” said Hatteras.

  “True, arjd that proves something more; these animals
are not of American origin.”

  “How do you make that out?” said Altamont.
“Why, if they had been born in North America, they
would have known how to treat that mammiferous biped
called man, and would have fled at the first glimpse of
us. No, they are from the north, most likely from the
untrodden wilds of Asia; so, Altamont, you have no
right to claim them as fellow countrymen.”

  “Oh! a hunter doesn’t examine his game so closely
as all that. Everything is grist that comes to his mill.”
“All right. Calm yourself, my brave Nimrod! For
my own part. I would rather never fire another shot
than make one of these beautiful creatures afraid of
me. See, even Duk fraternizes with them. Believe me,
it is well to be kind where we can. Kindness is
power.”

  “Well, well, so be it,” said Altamont, not at all un-
derstanding such scruples. “But I should like to see
what you would do if you had no weapon but kindness
among a pack of bears or wolves! You wouldn’t make
much of it.”

  “I make no pretensions to charm wild beasts. I
don’t believe much in Orpheus and his enchantments.
Besides, bears and wolves would not come to us like
these hares, and partridges, and deer.”

  “Why not? They have never seen human beings
either.”

  “No, but they are savage by nature,” said Claw-
bonny, “and ferocity, like wickedness, engenders sus-
picion. T.his is true of men as well as animals.”

  They spent the whole day in the glen, which the
Doctor christened “Arctic Arcadia,” and when evening
came they lay down to rest in the hollow of a rock,
which seemed to have been expressly prepared for their
accommodation.

          CHAPTER XVII
          Altamont’s Revenge

NEXT morning, as the fine weather still con-
tinued, the hunters determined to have another
search for the musk-ox. It was only fair to
give Altamont a chance with the distinct understand-
ing that he should have the right of firing, however
fascinating the game they might meet. Besides, the
flesh of the musk-ox, though a little too highly impreg-
THE DESERT OF ICE

349

nated with the smell, is savory food, and the hunters
would gladly carry back a few pounds of it to Fort
Providence.

  During the first part of the day, nothing occurred
worth mentioning, but they noticed a considerable
change in the aspect of the country, and appearances
seemed to indicate that they were approaching a hilly
region. This New America was evidently either a
continent or an island of considerable extent.

  Duk was running far ahead of his party when he
stopped suddenly short, and began sniffing the ground
as if he had caught scent of game. Next minute he
rushed forward again with extreme rapidity, and was
speedily out of sight. But loud distinct barking con-
vinced the hunters that the faithful fellow had at last
discovered the desired object.

  They hurried onwards and after an hour and a half’s
quick walking, found him standing in front of two
formidable-looking animals, and barking furiously. The
Doctor recognized them at once as belonging to the
musk-ox, or Ovibos genus, as naturalists call it, by the
very wide horns touching each other at their base, by
the absence of muzzle, by the narrow, square fore-
head, resembling that of a sheep, and by the very short
tail. Their hair was long and thickly-matted, and mixed
with fine brown, silky wool.

  These singular-looking quadrupeds were not the least
afraid of Duk, though extremely surprised; but at the
first glimpse of the hunters they took flight, and it was
no easy task to go after them, for half an hour’s swift
running brought them no nearer, and left the whole
party so out of breath, that they were forced to come to
a halt.

  "Confound the beasts!” said Altamont.

  “Yes, Altamont, I’ll make them over to you,” replied
Clawbonny: “they are true Americans, and they don’t
appear to have a very favorable idea of their fellow-
countrymen.”

  “That proves our hunting prowess,” rejoined Alta-
mont.

  Meantime the oxen finding themselves no longer pur-
sued, had stopped short. Further pursuit was evi-
dently useless. If they were to be captured at all they
must be surrounded, and the plateau which they first
happened to have reached, was very favorable for the
purpose. Leaving Duk to worry them, they went down
by the neighboring ravines, and got to one end of the
plateau, where Altamont and the Doctor hid themselves
behind projecting rocks, while Hatteras went on to the
other end, intending to startle the animals by his sud-
den appearance, and drive them back towards his com-
panions.

  “I suppose you Have no objection this time to be-
stow a few bullets on these gentry?” said Altamont.

  “Oh, no, it is ‘a fair field now, and no favor,’ ”
returned Clawbonny.

  The oxen had begun to shake themselves impatiently
at Duk, trying to kick him off, when Hatteras started
up right in front of them, shouting and chasing them
hack. This was the signal for Altamont and the Doctor
to rush forward and fire, but at the sight of two assail-
ants, the terrified animals wheeled round and attacked

Hatteras. He met their onset with a firm, steady foot,
and fired straight at their heads. But both his balls
were powerless, and only served still further to madden
the enraged beasts. They rushed upon the unfortu-
nate man like furies, and threw him on the ground in
an instant.

  “He is a dead man!” exclaimed the Doctor, in despair-
ing accents.

  A tremendous struggle was going on in Altamont’s
breast at the sight of his prostrate foe, and though his
first impulse was to hasten to his help, he stopped short,
battling with himself and his prejudices. But his hesi-
tation scarcely lasted half a second. His better self
conquered, and he rushed forward with Clawbonny.

  Hatteras full well understood how his rival felt, but
would rather have died than have begged his interven-
tion. However, he had hardly time to think about it,
before Altamont was at his side.

  He could not have held out much longer, for it was
impossible to ward off the blows of horns and hoofs of
two such powerful antagonists, and in a few minutes
more he must have been torn to pieces. But suddenly
two shots resounded, and Hatteras felt the balls graze
his head.

  “Courage!” shouted Altamont, flinging away his
discharged weapon, and throwing himself right in front
of the raging animals. One of them, shot to the heart,
fell dead as he reached the spot, while the other dashed
madly on Hatteras, and was about to gore the unfor-
tunate captain with his horns, when Altamont plunged
his snow knife far into the beast’s wide open jaws with
one hand, and with the other dealt him such a tre-
mendous blow on the head with his hatchet, that the
skull was completely split open.

  It was done so quickly that it seemed like a flash of
lightning, and all was over. The second ox lay dead,
and Clawbonny shouted, “Hurrah! hurrah!”

  Hatteras was saved.

  He owed his life to the man he hated the most. What
a storm of conflicting passions this must have roused in
his soul! But where was the emotion he could not
master ?

  However, his action was prompt, whatever his feeling
might be. Without a moment’s hesitancy, he went up
to his rival, and said in a grave voice:

  “Altamont, you have saved my life!”

  “You saved mine,” replied the American.

  There was a moment’s silence, and then Altamont
added:

  “We’re quits, Hatteras.”

  “No, Altamont,” said the captain; “when the Doctor
dragged you out of your icy tomb, I did not know who
you were; but you saved me at the peril of your own
life, knowing quite well who I was.”

  “Why, you are a fellow-creature at any rate, and
whatever faults an American may have, he is no
coward,” Altamont said.

  “No, indeed,” said the Doctor. “He is a man, every
inch as much as yourself, Hatteras.”

  “And, like me, he shall have part in the glory that
awaits us.”

  “The glory of reaching the North Pole?” said Alta-
350

AMAZING STORIES

I

mont. “I can share your glory in this discovery?”
  "Yes,” replied Hatteras, proudly.

“I guessed right then,” said Altamont. “And you
have actually dared to conceive such a project. Oh! it
is grand; I tell you it is sublime even to think of it!”
“But tell me” said Hatteras in a hurried manner;
“you were not bound for the Pole then yourself?”
Altamont hesitated.

  “Come, speak out, man,” urged the Doctor.

  “Well, to tell the truth, I was not, and the truth is
better than self-love. No, I had no such grand pur-
pose in view. I was trying to find the Northwest Pas-
sage, and that was all. I would never have dreamed
of such a stupendous undertaking.”

  “Altamont,” said Hatteras, holding out his hand; “be
our companion to glory; come with us and find the
North Pole.”

  The two men clasped hands in a warm, hearty grasp,
and a strong bond of friendship between them was
sealed.

  When they turned to look for the Doctor they found
him in tears. “Ah! friends,” he said, wiping his eyes;
“you have made me so happy, it is almost more than I
can bear! You have sacrificed this miserable nationality
for the sake of the common cause. You have said,
‘What does it matter, if only the Pole is discovered,
whether it is by an Englishman or an American?’ Why
should we brag of being American or English, when
we can boast that we are men? It is an infinitely more
worthwhile boast.” .

  The good little man was beside himself with joy. He
hugged the reconciled enemies to his bosom, and
cemented their newly found friendship by his own
affection to both.

  At last he grew calm, after at least a twentieth em-
brace, and said:

  “It is time I went to work now. Since I am no hun-
ter, I must use my talents in another direction.”

  And he began to cut up the oxen so skillfully, that
he seemed like a surgeon making a delicate autopsy.

  His two companions looked on, smiling. In a few
minutes the adroit operator had cut off more than a
hundred pounds of flesh. This he divided into three
parts. Each man took one, and they retraced their
steps to Fort Providence.

  At ten o’clock they arrived at Doctor’s House, where
Johnson and Bell had a good supper prepared for
them.

  But before sitting down to enjoy it, the Doctor ex-
claimed in a jubilant tone, and pointing to his two com-
panions, said:

  “My dear old Johnson, I took out an American and
an Englishman with me, didn’t I?”

  “Yes, Dr. Clawbonny.”

  “Well, I bring back two brothers.”

  This was joyous news to the sailors, and they shook
hands warmly with Altamont; while the Doctor re-
counted all that had passed, and how the American
captain had saved the English captain’s life.

  That night no five happier men could have been
found anywhere than those five who lay sleeping in
the little snow-house.

           CHAPTER XVIII
           Final Preparations

NEXT day the weather changed and the cold re-
turned. Snow, rain, and tempest came in quick
succession for several days.

   Bell had completed the sloop, and done his work well,
for the little vessel was admirably adapted for the pur-
pose contemplated, being high at the sides and partly
decked, so as to be able to stand a heavy sea, and yet
light enough to be drawn on the sledge without over-
burdening the dogs.

   At last a change of the greatest importance took place.
The ice began to tremble in the center of the bay, and
the highest masses became loosened at their base ready
to form icebergs, and drift away before the first gale;
but Hatteras would not wait for the ice-fields to break
up before he started. Since the journey must be made
on land, he did not care whether the sea was open
or not; and the day of departure was fixed for the 25th
of June—Johnson and Bell undertaking the necessary
repairs of the sled.

   On the 20th, finding there was space enough between
the broken ice to allow the sloop to get through, it was
determined to take her on a trial trip to Cape Washing-
ton. The sea was not quite open, but it would have
been impossible to go across on foot.

   This short sail of six hours sufficiently tested the
powers of the sloop, and proved her excellent qualities.
In coming back they witnessed a curious sight; it was
the chase of a seal by a gigantic bear. Mr. Bruin was
too busily engaged to notice the vessel, or he would
have pursued them; he was intently watching beside a
seal-hole with the patience of a true hunter, or rather
angler, for he was certainly fishing just then.

  But all of a sudden there was a slight disturbance
on the surface of the water in the hole, which announced
the coming up of the amphibious animal. Instantly the
bear lay flat on his belly, his two paws stretched round
the opening.

   Next minute up came the seal, but his head no sooner
appeared above the water than the bear’s paws closed
about him like a vise, and dragged him right out. The
poor seal struggled desperately, but could not free him-
self from the iron grasp of his enemy, who hugged him
closer and closer, till suffocation was complete. Then
he carried him off to his den as if the weight were noth-
ing, leaping lightly from pack to pack till he gained
terra firma safely.

  On the 22nd of June, Hatteras began to load the
sled. They put in 200 lbs. of salt meat, three cases
of vegetables and preserved meat, besides lime-juice,
and flour, and medicine. They also took 200 lbs. of
powder and a stock of fire-arms. Including the sloop
and the Halkett-boat, there was about 1,500 lbs. weight,
a heavy load for four dogs, and all the more as they
would have to drag it every day, instead of only four
days successively, like the dogs employed by the Esqui-
maux, who always keep a relay for their sleds. How-
ever, the distance to the Pole was not 350 miles at the
outside, and they did not intend to go more than twelve
miles a day, as they could do it comfortably in a month.
THE DESERT OF ICE

351

Even if land failed them, they could always fall back
on the sloop, and finish the journey without fatigue
to men or dogs.

  All the party were in excellent health, though they
had lost flesh a little; but, by attending to the Doctor’s
wise counsel, they had weathered the winter without
being attacked by any of the maladies incident to the
climate.

  Now, they were almost at their journey’s end, and no
one doubted of success, for a common bond of sympathy
bound fast the five men, and made them strong to
persevere. On Sunday, the 23rd, all was ready, and it
was resolved to devote the entire day to rest.

  The dwellers on Fort Providence could not see the
last day dawn without some emotion. It cost them a
pang to leave the snow-hut which had served them in
such good stead, and this hospitable shore where they
had passed the winter. Take it altogether, they had
spent very happy hours there, and the Doctor made a
touching reference to the subject as they sat round the
table at the evening meal.

  They retired early to rest, for they needed to be up
betimes. So passed the last night at Fort Providence.

CHAPTER XIX
March to the North

NEXT day at early dawn, Hatteras gave the signal
for departure. The well-fed and well-rested
dogs were harnessed to the sled. They had
been having a good time of it all the winter, and might
be expected to do good service during the summer.

  It was at six in the morning when the expedition
started. After following the windings of the hay and
going past Cape Washington, they struck into the direct
route for the north, and by seven o’clock had lost sight
of the lighthouse and Fort Providence.

  During the first two days they made twenty miles in
twelve hours, devoting the remainder of the time to rest
and meals. The tent was quite sufficient protection
during sleep.

  The temperature began to rise. In many places the
snow melted entirely away, and great patches of water
appeared; here and there complete ponds, which a little
stretch of imagination might easily convert into lakes.
The travelers were often up to their knees, but they
only laughed over it: and, indeed, the Doctor was rather
glad of such unexpected baths.

  “But for all that.” he said, “the water has no business
to wet us here. It is an element which has no right
in this country, except in a solid or vaporous state. Ice
or vapor is all very well, but water—never!”

  Hunting was not forgotten during the march, for
fresh meat was a necessity. Altamont and Bell kept
their guns loaded, and shot ptarmigans, guillemots,
geese, and a few young hares; but, by degrees, birds and
animals had been changing from trustfulness to fear,
and had become so shy and difficult to approach, that
very often, but for Duk, the hunters would have wasted
their powder.

  Hatteras advised them not to go more than a mile
away, as there was not a day, nor even an hour, to lose,

for three months of fine weather was the utmost they;
could count upon. Besides, the sled was often com-
ing to difficult places, when each man was needed to
lend a helping hand.

  On the third day they came to a lake, several acres
in extent, and still entirely frozen over. The sun’s
rays had little access to it, owing to its situation, and
the ice was so strong that it must have dated from
some remote winter. It was strong enough to bear
both the travelers and their sled, and was covered with
dry snow.

  From this point the country became gradually lower,
from which the Doctor concluded that this New Amer-
ica did not extend to the Pole, but was most probably
an island.

  Up to this time the expedition had been attended
with no fatigue. The travelers had only suffered from
the intense glare of the sun on the snow, which threat-
ened them with snow-blindness. At another time of
the year they might have avoided this by walking dur-
ing the night, but at present there was no night at all.
Happily the snow was beginning to melt, and the bril-
liancy would diminish as the process of dissolution ad-
vanced.

  On the 8th of June the thermometer rose to 45° and
the rain fell in torrents. Hatteras and his companions,
however, marched stoically on, and even hailed the
downpour with delight, knowing that it would hasten
the disappearance of the snow.

  As they went along the Doctor often picked up stones,
both round ones and flat pebbles, as if worn away by
the tide. He thought from this they must be near the
Polar Basin, and yet far as the eye could reach was one
interminable plain.

  There was not a trace of houses, or huts, or cairns
visible. It was evident that the Greenlanders had not
pushed their way so far north, and yet the famished
tribes would have found their account in coming, for
the country abounded in game.

  On the 29th Bell killed a fox, and Altamont a musk-
ox. These supplies of fresh food were very acceptable,
and even the Doctor surveyed, with considerable satis-
faction, the haunches of meat they managed to procure
from time to time.

  “Don’t let us stint ourselves,” he used to say on these
occasions; “food is no unimportant matter in expedi-
tions like ours.”

  “Especially,” said Johnson, “when a meal depends
on a lucky shot.”

  “You’re right, Johnson; a man does not think so
much about dinner when he knows the soup-pot is
simmering by the kitchen-fire.”

  On the 30th, they came to a district which seemed to
have been upturned by some volcanic convulsion, so
covered was it with cones and sharp lofty peaks. A
strong breeze from the southeast was blowing, which
soon increased to a hurricane, sweeping over the rocks
cohered with snow and the huge masses of ice, which
took the forms of icebergs and hummocks, though on
dry land.

  The tempest was followed by damp, warm weather,'
which caused a regular thaw. On all sides nothing
352

AMAZING STORIES

could be heard but the noise of cracking ice and falling
avalanches. The travelers had to be very careful in
avoiding hills, and even in speaking aloud, for the
slightest agitation in the air might have caused a
catastrophe. Indeed, the suddenness is the peculiar
feature in Arctic avalanches, distinguishing them from
those of Switzerland and Norway. Often the dis-
lodgment of a block of ice is instantaneous, and not
even a cannon-ball or thunderbolt could be more rapid
in its descent. The loosening, the fall, and the crash
happen almost simultaneously.

  Happily, however, no accident befell any of the
party, and three days afterwards they came to smooth,
level ground again. But here a new phenomenon met
their gaze—a phenomenon which was long a subject
of patient inquiry among the learned of both hemi-
spheres. They came to a long chain of low hills which
seemed to extend for miles, and were all covered on
the eastern side with bright red snow.

  It is easy to imagine the surprise and half-terrified
exclamation of the little company at the sight of this
long red curtain; but the Doctor hastened to reassure
them, or rather to instruct them, as to the nature of
this peculiar snow. He told them that this same red
substance had been found in Switzerland, in the heart
of the Alps, and that the color proceeded solely from the
presence of certain corpuscles, about the nature of
which for a long time chemists could not agree. They
could not decide whether these corpuscles were of
animal or vegetable origin, but at last it was settled
that they belonged to the family of fungi, being a sort
of microscopic mushroom of the species Urcdo.

  Piercing the snow over with his iron-tipped staff,
the Doctor found that the coloring matter extended
to a depth of nine feet. He pointed this out to his
companions, that they might have some idea of the
enormous number of these tiny mushrooms in a layer
extending so many miles.

  This phenomenon was none the less strange for
being explained, for red is a color seldom seen in na-
ture over any considerable area. The reflection of the
sun’s rays upon it produced the most peculiar effect,
lighting up men and animals, and rocks with a fiery
glow, as if proceeding from some flame within. When
the snow melted it looked like blood, as the red particles
do not decompose. It seemed to the travelers as if
rivulets of blood were running among their feet.

  The Doctor filled several bottles with this precious
substance to examine at leisure, as he had had only a
passing glimpse of the Crimson Cliffs in Baffin Bay.

  This Field of Blood, as he called it, took three hours
to get over, and then the country resumed its usual
aspect.

CHAPTER XX
Footprints in the Snow

ON the fourth of July there was such an exceed-
ingly dense fog, that it was very difficult to
keep the straight course for the north. No mis-
adventure, however, befell the party during the dark-
ness, except the loss of Bell’s snow-shoes. At Bell’s
suggestion, which fired the Doctor’s inventive genius,

torches were contrived, made of tow steeped in spir-
its-of-wine and fastened on the end of a stick, and
these served somewhat to help them on, though they
made but small progress; for, on the sixth day, after
the fog had cleared off, the Doctor took their bearings,
and found that they had only been marching at the
rate of eight miles a day.

  Determined to make up for lost time, they rose next
morning very early and started off, Bell and Altamont
as usual going ahead of the rest and acting as scouts.
Johnson and the others kept beside the sled, and
were soon nearly two miles behind the guides; but
the weather was so dry and clear that all their move-
ments could be distinctly observed.

  “What now ?” said Clawbonny, as he saw them make
a sudden halt, and stoop down as if examining the
ground.

  “I was just wondering what they are about, myself,”
replied old Johnson.

  “Perhaps they have come on the tracks of animals,”
suggested Hatteras.

  “No,” said Clawbonny, “it can’t be that.”

  “Why not?”

  “Because Duk would bark.”

  “Well, it is quite evident they are examining some
sort of marks.”

  “Let’s go on, then,” said Hatteras; and, urging for-
ward the dogs, they rejoined their companions in
about twenty minutes, and shared their surprise at find-
ing unmistakable fresh footprints of human beings
in the snow.

  “They are Esquimaux footprints,” said Hatteras.
  “Do you think so ?” asked Altamont.

  “There is no doubt of it.”

  “But what do you make of this, then?” returned
Altamont, pointing to another footmark repeated in
several places. “Do you believe for a minute that was
made by an Esquimau ?”

  It was incontestably the print of a European boot—
nails, sole, and heel clearly stamped in the snow. There
was no room for doubt, and Hatteras exclaimed in
amazement; “Europeans here!”

  “Evidently,” said Johnson.

  “And yet it is so improbable that we must take a
second look before pronouncing an opinion,” said
Clawbonny.

  But the longer he looked the more apparent became
the fact. Hatteras was chagrined beyond measure.
“A European here, so near the Pole!”

  The footprints extended for about a quarter of a
mile, and then diverged to the west. Should the trav-
elers follow them farther?

  “No,” said Hatteras, “let us go on.”

  He was interrupted by an exclamation from the
Doctor, who had just picked up an object that gave
still more convincing proof of European origin. It was
a part of a pocket spy-glass!

  “Well, if we still had any doubts about the foot-
marks, this settles the case at once,” said Clawbonny.

  “Forward!” exclaimed Hatteras so energetically that
instinctively each one obeyed, and the march was re-
sumed forthwith. The day wore away, but no further
THE DESERT OF ICE

353

sign of the presence of any rivals was discovered, and
they prepared to encamp for the night. The tent was
pitched in a ravine for shelter, as the sky was dark and
threatening, and a violent north wind was blowing.

  “I’m afraid we’ll have a bad night,” said Johnson.

  “A pretty noisy one, I expect,” replied the Doctor,
“but not cold. We had better take every precaution,
and fasten our tent with good big stones.”

  “You are right, Dr. Clawbonny. If the hurricane
swept away our tent, I don’t know where we should
find it again.”

  The tent held fast, but sleep was impossible, for the
tempest was let loose and raged with tremendous vio-
lence during the night.

  “It seems to me,” said the Doctor, during a brief lull
in the deafening roar, “as if I could hear the sound
of collisions between icebergs and ice-fields. If we
were near the sea, I could really believe there was a
general breaking-up in the ice.”

  “I can’t explain the noises any other way,” said
Johnson.

  “Can we have reached the coast, I wonder?” asked
Hatteras.

  “It is not impossible,” replied Clawbonny. “Listen!
Do you hear that crash? That is certainly the sound
of icebergs falling. We surely cannot be very far
from the ocean.”

  “Well, if it turns out to be so, I shall push right on
over the ice-fields.”

  “Oh, they’ll be all broken up after such a storm as
this. We shall see what to-morrow brings; but all I can
say is, if any poor fellows are wandering about in a
night like this, I pity them.”

  The storm lasted for ten hours, and the weary travel-
ers anxiously watched for the morning. About day-
break its fury seemed to have spent itself, and Hat-
teras, accompanied by Bell and Altamont, ventured to
leave the tent. They climbed a hill about three hun-
dred feet high, which commanded a wide view. But
what a metamorphosed region met their gaze! All the
ice had completely vanished, the storm had chased
away the winter, and stripped the soil everywhere of
its snow covering.

  But Hatteras scarcely bestowed a glance on surround-
ing objects; his eager gaze was bent on the northern
horizon, which appeared shrouded in black mist.

  “That may very likely be caused by the ocean,” sug-
gested Clawbonny.

  “You are right. The sea must be there,” was the
reply.

  “That tint is what we call the blink of open water,”
said Johnson.

  “Come wi, then, to the sled at once, and let us get
to this unknown ocean,” exclaimed Hatteras.

  Their few preparations were soon made, and the
inarch resumed. Three hours afterwards they arrived
at the coast, and shouted simultaneously, “The sea!
the sea!”

  “Ay, and open sea!” added Hatteras.

  And so it was. The storm had opened wide the Polar
Basin, and loosened packs were drifting in all direc-
tions.

  The icebergs had weighed anchor, and were sailing
out into the open sea. This new ocean stretched out
of sight, and not a single island or continent was visible.

  On the east and west the coast formed two capes or
headlands, which sloped gently down to the sea. In
the center, a projecting rock formed a small natural
bay, sheltered on three sides, into which a wide river
fell, bearing in its bosom the melted snows of winter.

  After a careful survey of the coast, Hatteras de-
termined to launch the sloop that very day, and to un-
pack the sled and get everything on board. The
tent was soon put up, and a comfortable repast pre-
pared. This important business despatched, work com-
menced; and all hands were so expeditious and will-
ing, that by five o’clock nothing more remained to be
done. The sloop lay rocking gracefully in the little
bay, and all the cargo was on board the boat except
the tent, and what was required for the night’s en-
campment.

  The sight of the sloop suggested to Clawbonny the
propriety of giving Altamont’s name to the little bay.
His proposition to that effect met with unanimous ap-
proval, and the port was forthwith dignified by the
title of Altamont Harbor.

  According to the Doctor’s calculations, the travelers
were now only 3° distant from the Pole. They had
gone over two hundred miles from Victoria Bay to
Altamont Harbor, and were in latitude 87° 5' and 118°
35'.

            CHAPTER XXI
            The Open Sea

NEXT morning by eight o’clock all the remaining
effects were on board, and the preparations for
departure completed. But before starting, the
Doctor thought he would like to take a last look at the
country and see if any further traces of the presence
of strangers could be discovered, for the mysterious
footmarks they had met with were never out of his
thoughts. He climbed to the top of a height which
commanded a view of the whole southern horizon, and
took out his pocket-telescope. But what was his as-
tonishment to find he could see nothing through it, not
even neighboring objects. He rubbed his eyes and
looked again, but with no better result. Then he began
to examine the telescope. The object-glass was gone!

  The object-glass! This explained the whole mystery,
footprints and all; and with a shout of surprise he hur-
ried down the hill to impart his discovery to. the won-
dering companions, who came running towards him,
startled by his loud exclamation, and full of anxiety
at his precipitate descent.

  “Well, what is the matter now?” said Johnson.

  The Doctor could hardly speak, he was so out of
breath. At last he managed to gasp out:

  “The tracks, footmarks, strangers.”

  “What?” said Hatteras, “strangers here?”

  “No, no, the object-glass; the object-glass out of my
telescope.”

  And he held out his spy-glass for them to look at.

  “Ah! I see,” said Altamont, “it is wanting.”

  "Yes.”
'354

AMAZING STORIES

  “But then the footmarks.”

  “They were ours, friends, just ours,” exclaimed the
Doctor. “We had lost ourselves in the fog, and had
been wandering in a circle.”

  “But the boot marks,” objected Hatteras.

  “Bell’s. He walked about a whole day after he had
lost his snow shoes.”

  “So I did,” said Bell. The mistake was so evident
that they all laughed heartily, except Hatteras. though
no one was more glad than he at the discovery.

  A quarter of an hour afterwards the little sloop
sailed out of Altamont Harbor, and commenced her
voyage of discovery. The wind was favorable, but
there was little of it, and the weather was positively
warm.

  The sloop was none the worse for the sled journey.
She was in first-rate trim, and easily managed. John-
son steered, the Doctor, Bell, and the American leaned
back against the cargo, and Hatteras stood at the prow,
his fixed, eager gaze bent steadily on that mysterious
point towards which he felt drawn with irresistible
power, like the magnetic needle, to the Pole. He
wished to be the first to descry any shore that might
come in sight, and he had every right to the honor.

  The water of this Polar Sea presented some peculiar
features worth mentioning. In color it was a faint
ultra-marine blue, and possessed such a wonderful
transparency that one seemed to gaze down into fath-
omless depths. These depths were lighted up, no doubt,
by some electrical phenomenon, and so many varieties
of living creatures were visible that the vessel seemed
to be sailing over a vast aquarium.

  Innumerable flocks of birds were flying over the sur-
face of this marvelous ocean, darkening the sky like
thick heavy storm-clouds. Water-fowl of every de-
scription were among them, from the albatross to the
penguin, and all of gigantic proportions. Their cries
were absolutely deafening, and some of them had such
immense, wide-spreading wings, that they covered the
sloop completely as they flew over. The Doctor thought
himself a good naturalist, but he found his science
greatly at fault, for many a species here was wholly
unknown to any ornithological society.

  The good little man was equally nonplussed when
he looked at the water, for he saw the most wonderful
medusae, some so large that they looked like little islands
floating about among Brobdingnagian sea-weeds. And
below the surface, what a spectacle met the eye! My-
riads of fish of every species; young seals at play with
each other; narwhals with their one strong weapon of
defense, like the horn of a unicorn, chasing the timid
seals; whales of every tribe, spouting out columns of
water, and filling the air with a peculiar whizzing
noise; dolphins, seals, and walruses, quietly browsing
on submarine pastures; and the Doctor could gaze at
them all as easily and clearly as if they were in glass
tanks in the Zoological Gardens.

  There was a strange supernatural purity about the
atmosphere. It seemed charged to overflowing with
oxygen, and had a marvelous power of exhilaration,
producing an almost intoxicating effect on the brain.

  Towards evening Hatteras and his companions lost

sight of the coast. Night came on, though the sun re-
mained just above the horizon; it had the same in-
fluence on animated nature as in temperate zones. Birds,
fish, and all the cetacea disappeared, and perfect silence
prevailed.

  Since the departure from Altamont Harbor, the
sloop had made one degree farther north. The next
day brought no signs of land; there was not even a
speck on the horizon. The wind was still favorable,
and the sea pretty calm. The birds and fishes re-
turned as numerously as on the preceding day, and the
Doctor, leaning over the side of the vessel, could see
the whales and the dolphins, and all the rest of the
monsters of the deep, gradually coming up from the
clear depths below. On the surface, far as the eye
could reach, nothing was visible except a solitary ice-
berg here and there, and a few scattered floes.

  Indeed, but little ice was met with anywhere. The
sloop was ten degrees above the point of greatest cold,
and consequently in the same temperature as Baffin
Bay and Disko. It was therefore not astonishing that
the sea should be open in these summer months.

  This is a fact of great practical value, for if ever the
whalers can penetrate north as far as the Polar Basin,
they may be sure of an immediate cargo, as this part of
the ocean seems to be the general reservoir of whales -
and seals, and every marine species.

  The day wore on, but still nothing appeared on the
horizon. Hatteras never left the prow of the ship,
but stood, glass in hand, eagerly gazing into the dis-
tance with anxious, questioning eyes.

CHAPTER XXII
Getting Near the Pole

HOUR after hour passed away, and still Hatteras
persevered in his weary watch, though his hopes
appeared doomed to disappointment.

  At length, about six in the evening, a dim, hazy,
shapeless sort of mist seemed to rise far away between
sea and sky. It was not a cloud, for it was constantly
vanishing, and then reappearing next minute.

  Hatteras was the first to notice this peculiar phenom-
enon ; but after an hour’s scrutiny through his telescope,
he could make nothing of it.

  All at once, however, some sure indication met his
eye, and stretching out his arm to the horizon, he
shouted, in a clear ringing voice:

  “Land! land!”

  His words produced an electrical effect on his com-
panions, and every man rushed to his side.

  “I see it, I see it,” said Clawbonny.

  “Yes, yes, so do I!” exclaimed Johnson.

  “It is a cloud,” said Altamont.

  “Land! land!” repeated Hatteras, in tones of abso-
lute conviction.

  Even while he spoke the appearance vanished, and
when it returned again the Doctor fancied he caught a
gleam of light about the smoke for an instant.

  “It is a volcano!” he exclaimed.

  “A volcano?” repeated Altamont.

  “Undoubtedly.”
THE DESERT OF ICE

355

  “In so high a latitude?”

  “Why not? Is not Iceland a volcanic island—in-
deed, almost made of volcanoes, one might say?”

  “Well, has not our famous countryman, James Ross,
affirmed the existence of two active volcanoes, the
Erebus and the error, on the Southern Continent, in
longitude 170° and latitude 78°? Why, then, should
not volcanoes be found near the North Pole?”

  “It is possible, certainly,” replied Altamont.

  “Ah, now I see it distinctly,” exclaimed the Doctor.
“It is a volcano!”

  “Let us make right for it then,” said Hatteras.

  It was impossible longer to doubt the proximity of
the coast. In twenty-four hours, probably, the bold
navigators might hope to set foot on its untrodden
soil. But strange as it was, now that they were so
near the goal of their voyage, no one showed the joy
which might have been expected. Each man sat silent,
absorbed in his own thoughts, wondering what sort of
place this Pole must be. The birds seemed to shun it,
for though it was evening, they were all flying towards
the south with outspread wings. Was it, then, so in-
hospitable, that not so much as a sea-gull or a ptarmigan
could find a shelter? The fish, too, even the large
cetacea, were hastening away through the transparent
waters. What could cause this feeling either of re-
pulsion or terror?

  At last sleep overcame the tired men, and one after
another dropped off, leaving Hatteras to keep watch.

  He took the helm, and tried his best not to close his
eyes, for he grudged losing precious time; but the
slow motion of the vessel rocked him into a state of
such irresistible somnolence that, in spite of himself, he
was soon, like his companions, locked fast in deep
slumber. He began to dream, and imagination brought
back all the scenes of his past life. He dreamed of his
ship, the Forward, and of the traitors that had burned
it. Again he felt all the agonies of disappointment and
failure, and forgot his actual situation. Then the scene
changed, and he saw himself at the Pole unfurling the
Union Jack!

  While memory and fancy were thus busied, an enor-
mous cloud of an olive tinge had begun to darken sea
and sky. A hurricane was at hand. The first blast
of the tempest roused the captain and his companions,
and they were on their feet in an instant, ready to meet
it. The sea had risen tremendously, and the ship was
tossing violently up and down on the billows. Hatteras
took the helm again, and kept a firm hold of it, while
Johnson and Bell baled out the water which was con-
stantly dashing over the ship.

  It was a difficult matter to preserve the right course,
for the thick fog made it impossible to see more than
a few yards off.

  This sudden tempest might well seem to such excited
men, a stern prohibition against further approach to
the Pole; but it needed but a glance at their resolute
faces to know that they would yield neither to winds
;ior waves.

  For a whole day the struggle lasted, death threatening
them each moment; but about six in the evening, just
as the fury of the waves seemed at its highest pitch,

there came a sudden calm. The wind was stilled as if
miraculously, and the sea became smooth as glass.

  Then came a most extraordinary inexplicable phe-
nomenon.

  The fog, without dispersing, became strangely lum-
inous, and the sloop sailed along in a zone of electric
light. Mast, sail, and rigging appeared penciled in
black against the phosphorescent sky with wondrous
distinctness. The men were bathed in light, and their
faces shone with a fiery glow.

  “The volcano!” exclaimed Hatteras.

  “Is it possible?” said Bell.

  “No, no!” replied Clawbonny. “We should be suffo-
cated with its flames so near.”

  “Perhaps it is the reflection,” suggested Altamont.

  “Not that much even, for then we must be near
land, and in that case we should hear the noise of the
eruption.”

  “What is it, then?” asked the captain.

  “It is a cosmical phenomenon,” replied the Doctor,
“seldom met hitherto. If we go on, we shall soon get
out of our luminous sphere and be back in the darkness
and tempest again.”

  “Well, let’s go on, come what may,” said Hatteras.

  The Doctor was right. Gradually the fog began to
lose its light and then its transparency, and the howling
wind was heard not far off. A few minutes more, and
the little vessel was caught in a violent squall, and swept
back into the cyclone.

  But the hurricane had fortunately turned a point
towards the south, and left the vessel free to run before
the wind straight towards the Pole. There was im-
minent danger of her sinking, for she sped along at
frenzied speed, and any sudden collision with rock or
iceberg must have inevitably dashed her to pieces.

  But not a man on board counseled prudence. They
were intoxicated with the danger, and no speed could
be quick enough to satisfy their longing impatience to
reach the unknown.

  At last they began evidently to near the coast. Strange
symptoms were manifest in the air; the fog suddenly
rent like a curtain torn by the wind; and for an instant,
like a flash of lightning, an immense column of flame
was seen on the horizon.

  “The volcano! the volcano!” was the simultaneous
exclamation.

  But the words had hardly passed their lips before
the fantastic vision had vanished. The wind suddenly
changed to the southeast, and drove the boat back
again from the land.

  “Confound it!” said Hatteras; “we weren’t three
miles from the coast.”

  “However, resistance was impossible. All that could
be done was to keep tacking; but every few minutes the
little sloop would be thrown on her side though she
righted herself again immediately, obedient to the helm.

  As Hatteras stood with disheveled hair, grasping the
helm as if welded to his hand, he seemed the animating
soul of the vessel.

  All at once a fearful sight met his gaze.

  Scarcely twenty yards in front was a great block
of ice coming right towards them mounting and falling
356

AMAZING STORIES

on the stormy billows, ready to overturn at any moment
and crush them in its descent.

  But this was not the only danger that threatened the
bold navigators. The iceberg was packed with white
bears, huddling close together, and evidently beside
themselves with terror.

  The iceberg made frightful lurches, sometimes inclin-
ing at such a sharp angle that the animals rolled pell-
mell over each other and set up a loud growling, which
mingled with the roar of the elements and made a ter-
rible concert.

  For a quarter of an hour, which seemed a whole
century, the sloop sailed on in this formidable com-
pany, sometimes a few yards distant and sometimes
near enough to touch. The Greenland dogs trembled
for fear, but Duk was quite imperturbable. At last the
iceberg lost ground, and got driven by the wind farther
and farther away till it disappeared in the fog, only at
intervals betraying its presence by the ominous growls
of its crew.

  The storm now burst forth with redoubled fury.
The little bark was lifted bodily out of the water, and
wkirled round and round with the most frightful rapid-
ity. Mast and sail were blown away, and went flying
through the darkness, like some huge white bird. A
whirlpool began to form among the waves, drawing
down the ship gradually by its irresistible suction.
Deeper and deeper she sank, whizzing round at such
tremendous speed that, to the poor fellows on board,
the water seemed motionless. All five men stood erect,
gazing at each other in speechless terror. But suddenly
the boat rose perpendicularly, her bow went above the
edge of the vortex, and getting out of the center of
attraction by her own velocity, she escaped at a tangent
from the circumference, and was thrown far beyond,
like a ball from a cannon’s mouth.

  Altamont, the Doctor, Johnson, and Bell were pitched
flat on the planks. When they got up, Hatteras had
disappeared.

  It was two o’clock in the morning.

           CHAPTER XXIII
           The English Flag

OR a few seconds they seemed stupefied, and then
a cry of “Hatteras 1” broke from every lip.

  On all sides, nothing was visible but the tem-
pestuous ocean. Duk barked desperately, and Bell
could hardly keep him from leaping into the waves.

  “Take the helm, Altamont,” said the Doctor, “and let
us try our utmost to find our poor captain.”

  Johnson and Bell seized the oars, and rowed about
for more than an hour; but their search was vain—
Hatteras was lost!

  Lost!—and so near the Pole, just as he had caught
sight of the goal!

  The Doctor called, and shouted, and fired signals,
and Duk made piteous lamentations; but there was no
response. Clawbonny could bear up no longer; he
buried his head in his hands, and fairly wept aloud.

  At such a distance from the coast it was impossible
for Hatteras to reach it alive, without an oar or even

so much as a spar fco help him; if ever he touched the
haven of his desire, it vrould be as a swollen, mutilated
corpse.

  Longer search was useless, and nothing remained but
to resume the route north. The tempest was dying
out, and about five in the morning on the 11th of July,
the wind fell, and the sea gradually became calm. The
sky recovered its polar clearness, and less than three
miles away the land appeared in all its grandeur.

  The next continent was only an island, or rather a
volcano, fixed like a lighthouse on the North Pole of
the world.

  The mountain was in full activity, pouring out a mass
of white hot stones and glowing rock. At every fresh
eruption there was a convulsive heaving within, as if
some mighty giant were respiring, and the masses
ejected were thrown up high into the air amidst jets
of bright flames, streams of lava rolling down the sides
in impetuous torrents. In one part, serpents of fire
seemed writhing and wriggling amongst smoking rocks,
and in another the glowing liquid fell in cascades, in the
midst of purple vapor, into a river of fire below, formed
of a thousand igneous streams, which emptied itself
into the sea, the waters hissing and seething like a
boiling cauldron.

  Apparently there was only one crater to the vol-
cano, out of which the columns of fire issued, streaked
with forked lightning. Electricity seemed to have
something to do with this magnificent panorama.

  Above the panting flames waved an immense plume-
shaped cloud of smoke, red at its base and black at its
summit. It rose with incomparable majesty, and un-
rolled in thick volumes.

  The sky was ash-color to a great height, and it was
evident that the darkness that had prevailed while the
tempest lasted, which had seemed quite inexplicable to
the Doctor, was owing to the columns of cinders over-
spreading the sun like a thick curtain. He remembered
a similar phenomenon which occurred in the Barbadoes,
where the whole island was plunged in profound ob-
scurity by the mass of cinders ejected from the crater
of Isle St. Vincent.

  This enormous volcanic rock in the middle of the
sea was six thousand feet high, just about the altitude
of Hecla.

  It seemed to rise gradually out of the water as the
boat got nearer. There was no trace of vegetation,
indeed there was no shore; the rock ran straight down
to the sea.

  “Can we land?” said the Doctor.

  “The wind is carrying us right to it,” said Altamont.

  “But I don’t see an inch of land to set our foot
upon.”

  “It seems so at this distance,” said Johnson; “but
we shall be sure to find some place to run in our boat
at, and that is all we want.”

  “Let us go, then,” said Clawbonny, dejectedly.

  He had no heart now for anything. The North Pole
was indeed before his eyes, but not the man who had
discovered it.

  As they got nearer the island, which was not more
than eight or ten miles in circumference, the naviga-
THE DESERT OF ICE

357

tors noticed a tiny fiord, just large enough to harbor
their boat, and made towards it immediately. They
feared their captain’s dead body would meet their eyes
on the coast, and yet it seemed difficult for a corpse to
lie on it, for there was no shore, and the sea broke on
steep rocks, which were covered with cinders above
watermark.

  At last the little boat glided gently into the narrow
opening between two sandbanks just visible above the
water, where she would be safe from the violence of
the breakers; but before she could be moored, Duk be-
gan howling and barking again in the most piteous
manner, as if calling on the cruel sea and stony rocks
to yield up his lost master. The Doctor tried to calm
him by caresses, but in vain. The faithful beast, as
if he would represent the captain, sprang on shore
with a tremendous bound, sending a cloud of cinders
afer him.

 “Duk! Duk!” called Clawbonny.

  But Duk had already disappeared.

  After the sloop was made fast, they all got out and
went after him. Altamont was just going to climb to
the top of a pile of stones, when the Doctor exclaimed,
“Listen! Listen!”

  Duk was barking vehemently some distance off, but
his bark seemed full of grief rather than fury.

  “Has he come on the track of some animal, do you
think?” asked Johnson.

  “No, no!” said Clawbonny, shuddering. “His bark
is too sorrowful; it is the dog’s tear. He has foundtthe
body of Hatteras.”

  They all four rushed forward, in spite of the blind-
ing cinder-dust, and came to the far end of a fiord,
where they discovered the dog barking round a corpse
wrapped in the British flag!

  “Hatteras! Hatteras!” cried the Doctor, throwing
himself on the body of his friend. But next minute
he started up with an indescribable cry, and shouted,
“Alive! alive!”

  “Yes!” said a feeble voice, “yes, alive at the North
Pole, on Queen’s Island.”

  “Hurrah for England!” shouted all with one accord.

  “And for America!” added Clawbonny, holding out
one hand to Hatteras and the other to Altamont.

  Duk was not behind with his hurrah, which was
worth quite as much as the others.

  For a few minutes the joy at the recovery of their
captain filled all their hearts, and the poor fellows could
not restrain their tears.

  The Doctor found on examination, that he was not
seriously hurt. The wind threw him on the coast where
landing was perilous work, but, after being driven back
more than once into the sea, the hardy sailor had man-
aged to scramble out oil a rock, and gradually to hoist
himself above the waves.

  Then he must have become insensible, for he remem-
bered nothing more except rolling himself in his flag.
He only awoke to consciousness with the loud barking
and caresses of his faithful Duk.

  After a little Hatteras was able to stand up, sup-
ported by the Doctor, and tried to get back to the
boat.

  He kept exclaiming, “The Pole! the North Pole!”

  “You are happy now?” said his friend.

  “Yes, happy! And are not you? Isn’t it a joy to
find yourself here! The ground we tread is round the
Pole! The air we breathe is the air that blows round
the Pole! The sea we have crossed is the sea which
washes the Pole! Oh! the North Pole! the North
Pole!”

  He had became quite delirious with excitement, and
fever burned in his veins. His eyes shone with un-
natural brilliancy, and his brain seemed on fire. Perfect
rest was what he most needed, for the Doctor found
it impossible to quiet him.

  A place of encampment must therefore be fixed
upon immediately.

ALTAMONT speedily discovered a grotto composed
of rocks which had so fallen as to form a sort of
cave. Johnson and Bell carried in provisions and
gave the dogs their liberty.	1

  About eleven o’clock, breakfast, or rather dinner,
was ready, consisting of pemmican, salt meat, and
smoking-hot tea and coffee.

  But Hatteras would do nothing till the exact posi-
tion of the island was ascertained; so the Doctor and
Altamont set to work with their instruments, and found
that the exact latitude of the grotto was 89° 59' 15".
The longitude was of little importance, for all the
meridians blended a few hundred feet higher.

  The 90° of latitude was then only about three-quar-
 ters of a mile off, or just about the summit of the vol-
 cano.

  When the result was communicated to Hatteras, he
desired that a formal document might be drawn up to
attest the fact, and two copies made, one of which
should be deposited on a cairn on the island.

  Clawbonny was the scribe, and indited the following
 document, a copy of which is now among the archives
 of the Royal Geographical Society of London:—

  “On this 11th day of July, 1861, in North latitude
89° 59' 15" was discovered Queen’s Island at the North
Pole, by Captain Hatteras, Commander of the brig For-
ward of Liverpool, who signs this, as do also all his
companions.

  “Whoever may find this document is requested to
forward it to the Admiralty.

“(Signed) John Hatteras, Commander of
the Fonvard.

                “Dr. Clawbonny.

                “Altamont, Commander of the
                    Porpoise.

“Johnson, Boatswain.

                   “Bell, Carpenter.”

  “And now, friends, come to table,” said the Doctor,
 merrily.

  Coming to table was just squatting on the ground.

  “But who,” said Clawbonny, “would not give all the
tables and dining-rooms in the world to dine at 89” 59'
and 15" N. latitude?”

  It was an exciting occasion, this first meal at the
358

AMAZING STORIES

Pole! What neither ancients nor moderns, neither
Europeans, nor Americans, nor Asiatics had been able
to accomplish was now achieved, and all past sufferings
and perils and losses were forgotten in the glow of
success.

  “But, after all,” said Johnson, after toasts to Hat-
teras and the North Pole had been enthusiastically
drunk, “what is there so very special about the North
Pole? Will you tell me, Dr. Clawbonny, why we risk
so much to reach the pole?”

  “Just this, my good Johnson. It is the only point of
the globe that is motionless; all the other points are re-
volving with extreme rapidity.”

  “But I don’t see that we are any more motionless here
than at Liverpool.”

  “Because in both cases you are a party concerned,
both in the motion and the rest; but the fact is certain,
nevertheless.”

  Clawbonny then went on to describe the diurnal and
annual motions of the earth—the one round its own
axis, the extremities of which are the poles, which is ac-
complished in twenty-four hours, and the other round
the sun, which takes a whole year.

  Bell and Johnson listened half incredulously, and
couldn’t see why the earth could not have been allowed
to keep still, till Altamont informed them that they
would then have had neither day nor night, nor spring,
nor summer, nor autumn, nor winter.

  “Ay, and worse still,” said Clawbonny, “if the mo-
tion chanced to be interrupted, we should fall right into
the sun in sixty-four and a half days.”

  “What! take sixty-four and a half days to fall ?” ex-
claimed Johnson.

  “Yes, we are ninety-five millions of miles off. But
when I say the Pole is motionless, it is not strictly
true; it is only so in comparison with the rest of the
globe, for it has a certain movement of its own, and
completes a circle in about twenty-six thousand years.
This comes from the precession of the equinoxes.”

  A long and learned talk was started on this subject
between Altamont and the Doctor, simplified, however,
as much as possible, for the benefit of Bell and John-
son.

  Hatteras took no part in it, and even when they went
on to speculate about the earth’s center, and discussed
several of the theories that had been advanced respect-
ing it, he seemed not to hear; it was evident his
thoughts were far away.

  Among other opinions put forth was one in our own
days, which greatly excited Altamont’s surprise. It was
held that there was an immense opening at the poles
which led into the heart of the earth, and that it was
out of the opening that the light of the Aurora Borealis
streamed. This was gravely stated, and Captain
Symmes, a countryman of our own, actually proposed
that Sir Humphrey Davy, Humboldt, and Arago should
undertake an expedition through it, but they refused
absolutely.

  “And quite right too,” said Altamont.

  “So say I; but you see, my friends, what absurdities
imagination has conjured up about those regions, and
how, sooner or later, the simple reality comes to light.”

           CHAPTER XXIV
           Mount Hatteras

AFTER this conversation they all made themselves
as comfortable as they could, and lay down to
k sleep.

  All, except Hatteras; and why could this extraordi-
nary man not sleep like the others ? Was not the pur-
pose of his life attained now? Had he not realized
his most daring project? Why could he not rest? In-
deed, might not one have supposed that, after the strain
his nervous system had undergone, he would long for
rest ?

  But no, he grew more and more excited, and it was
not the thought of returning that so affected him. Was
he bent on going further still? Had his passion for
travel no limits? Was the world too small for him
now he had circumnavigated it?

  What ever might be the cause, he could not sleep;
yet this first night at the Pole was clear and calm.
The isle was absolutely uninhabited.

  Next morning, when Altamont and the others awoke,
Hatteras was gone. Feeling uneasy at his absence,
they hurried out of the grotto in search of him. There
he was standing on a rock, gazing fixedly at the top of
the mountain. His instruments were in his hand, and
he was evidently determining the exact longitude and
latitude.

  The Doctor went towards him and spoke, but it was
long before he could rouse him from his absorbing con-
templations. At last the captain seemed to understand
and Clawbonny said:

  “Let us go round the island. Here we are, all ready
for our last excursion.”

  “The last!” repeated Hatteras, as if in a dream.
“Yes! the last truly; but,” he added, with more ani-
mation, “the most wonderful.”

  He pressed both hands on his brow as he spoke, as if
to calm the inward tumult.

  Just then Altamont and the others came up, and their
appearance seemed to dispel the hallucinations under
which he was laboring.

  “My friends,” he said, in a voice full of emotion,
“thanks for your courage, thanks for your perseverance,
thanks for your superhuman efforts, through which we
are permitted to set our feet on this soil.”

  “Captain,” said Johnson, “we have only obeyed
orders; to you alone belongs the honor.”

  “No, no!” exclaimed Hatteras, with a violent out-
burst of emotion, “to all of you as much as to me!
To Altamont as much as any of us, as much as the
Doctor himself! Oh, let my heart break in your hands;
it cannot contain its joy and gratitude any longer.”

  He grasped the hands of his brave companions as he
spoke, and paced up and down as if he had lost all
self-control.

  “And as friends,” added Clawbonny.

“Yes; but all did not do it,” replied Hatteras; “some
gave way. However, we must pardon them—pardon
both the traitors and those who were led away by them.
Poor fellows! I forgive them. You hear me, Doctor?”
“Yes,” replied Clawbonny, beginning to be seriously
THE DESERT OF ICE

359

 uneasy at his friend’s excitement at sight of the crater.

 “I have no wish, therefore,” continued the captain,
 “that they should lose the little fortune they came so
 far to seek. No, the original agreement is to remain
 unaltered, and they shall be rich—if ever they see Eng-
 land again.”

 It would have been difficult not to have been touched
 by the pathetic tone of voice in which Hatteras said
 this.

 “But, captain,” interrupted Johnson, trying to joke,
 “one would think you were making your will!”
 “Perhaps I am,” said Hatteras gravely.

 “And yet you have a long bright career of glory
 before you!”

 “Who knows?” was the reply.

 No one answered, and the Doctor did not dare to
 guess his meaning; but Hatteras soon made them un-
 derstand it, for presently he said, in a hurried, agitated
 manner, as if he could scarcely command himself.

 “Friends, listen to me. W'e have done much already,
 but much yet remains to be done.”

 His companions heard him with profound astonish-
 ment.

 “Yes,” he resumed, “we are close to the Pole, but we
 are not on it.”

 “How do you make that out?” said Altamont.

 “Yes,” replied Hatteras, with vehemence, “I said an
 Englishman should plant his foot on the Pole of the
 world! I said it, and an Englishman shall.”

 “What!” cried Clawbonny.

 “We are still 45" from the unknown point,” resumed
 Hatteras, with increasing animation, “and to that point
 I shall go.”

 “But it is on the summit of the volcano,” said the
 Doctor.

 “I shall go.”

 “It is an inaccessible cone!”

 “I shall go.”

 “But it is a yawning fiery crater!”

 “I shall go.”

 His friends were stupefied, and gazed in terror at
 the blazing mountain.

 At last the Doctor recovered himself, and began to
 urge and entreat Hatteras to renounce his project. He
 tried every means his heart dictated, from humble sup-
 plications to friendly threats; but he could gain noth-
 ing—a sort of frenzy had come over the captain, an
 absolute monomania about the Pole.

 Nothing but violent measures would keep him back
 from destruction, but the Doctor was unwilling to em-
 ploy these yet.

 He trusted, moreover, that physical impossibilities,
 insuperable obstacles, would bar his further progress,
 and meantime, finding all protestations were useless, he
 simply said:

 “Very well, since you are bent on it, we’ll go too.”
 “Yes,” replied Hatteras, “half-way up the mountain,
 but not a step beyond. You know you have to carry
 back to England the duplicate of the document in the
 cairn—”

 “Yes, but—"

 “It is settled,” said Hatteras, in an imperious tone;

“and since the prayers of a friend will not suffice, the
captain commands.”

  The Doctor did not insist longer, and a few minutes
later the little band set out, accompanied by Duk.

  It was about eight o’clock when they commenced their
difficult ascent; the sky was splendid, and the ther-
mometer stood at 52°.

  Hatteras and his dog went first, closely followed by
the others.

  “I am afraid,” said Johnson to the Doctor.

  “No, no, there’s nothing to be afraid of; we arc
here.”

THIS singular little island appeared to be of recent
formation, and was evidently the product of suc-
cessive volcanic eruptions. The rocks were all lying
loose on the top of each other, and it was a marvel
how they preserved their equilibrium. Strictly speak-
ing, the mountain was only a heap of stones thrown
down from a height, and the mass of rocks which com-
posed the island had evidently come out of the bowels
of the earth.

  The earth, indeed, may be compared to a vast cauldron
of spherical form, in which, under the influence of a
central fire, immense quantities of vapors are generated,
which would explode the globe but for the safety-valves
outside.

  These safety-valves are volcanoes; when one closes,
another opens; and at the Poles, where the crust of the
earth is thinner, owing to its being flattened, it is not
stirpising that a volcano should be suddenly formed by
the upheaving of some part of the ocean-bed.

  The Doctor, while following Hatteras, was closely
following all the peculiarities of the island, and he was
further confirmed in his opinion as to its recent forma-
tion by the absence of water. Had it existed for
centuries, the thermal springs would have flowed from
its bosom.

  As they got higher, the ascent became more and
more difficult, for the flanks of the mountain were al-
most perpendicular, and it required the utmost care to
keep them from falling. Clouds of scorioe and ashes
would whirl round them repeatedly, threatening them
with asphyxia, or torrents of lava would bar their pas-
sage. In parts where these torrents ran horizontally,
the outside had become hardened; while underneath was
the boiling lava, and every step the travelers took had
first to be tested with the iron-tipped staff to avoid
being suddenly plunged into the scalding liquid.

  At intervals, large fragments of red-hot rock were
thrown up from the crater, and burst in the air like
bomb-shells, scattering the debris to enormous distances
in all directions.

  Hatteras, however, climbed up the steepest ascents
with surprising agility, disdaining the help of his staff.

  He arrived before long at a circular rock, a sort of
plateau about ten feet wide. A river of boiiing lava
surrounded it, except in one part, where it forked away
to a higher rock, leaving a narrow passage, through
which Hatteras fearlessly passed.

  Here he stopped, and his companions managed to re-
join him. He seemed to be measuring with his eye the
360

AMAZING STORIES

distance he had yet to get over. Horizontally, he was
not more than two hundred yards from the top of the
crater, but vertically he had nearly three times that dis-
tance to traverse.

  The ascent had occupied three hours already. Hat-
teras showed no signs of fatigue, while the others were
almost spent.

  The summit of the volcano appeared inaccessible, and
the Doctor determined at any price to prevent Hatteras
from attempting to proceed. He tried gentle means
first, but the captain’s excitement was fast becoming
delirium. During their ascent, symptoms of insanity
had become more and more marked, and no one could
be surprised who knew anything of his previous his-
tory.

  “Hatteras,” said the Doctor, “it is enough; we can-
not go farther!”

  “Stop, then,” he replied, in a strangely altered voice;
“I am going higher.”

  “No, it is useless; you are at the Pole already.”
  “No, no! higher, higher!”

  “My friend, do you know who is speaking to you?
It is I, Dr. Clawbonny.”

  “Higher, higher!” repeated the madman.

  “Very well, we shall not allow it—that is all.”

  He had hardly uttered the words before Hatteras, by
a superhuman effort, sprang over the boiling lava, and
was beyond the reach of his companions.

  A cry of horror burst from every lip, for they thought
the poor captain must have perished in that fiery gulf;
but there he was safe on the other side, accompanied
by his faithful Duk, who would not leave him.

  He speedily disappeared behind a curtain of smoke,
and they heard his voice growing fainter in the dis-
tance, shouting:

  “To the north! to the north! to the top of Mount
Hatteras! Remember Mount Hatteras!”

  All pursuit of him was out of the question; it was
impossible to leap across the fiery torrent, and equally
impossible to get round it. Altamont, indeed, was
mad enough to make an attempt, and would certainly
have lost his life if the others had not held him back
by main force.

  “Hatteras! Hatteras!” shouted the Doctor, but no
response was heard save the faint bark of Duk.

  At intervals, however, a glimpse of him could be
caught through the clouds of smoke and showers of
ashes. Sometimes his head, sometimes his arm ap-
peared; then he was out of sight again, and a few
minuteis later was seen higher up clinging to the
rocks. His size constantly decreased with the fan-
tastic rapidity of objects rising upwards in the air.
In half an hour he was only half his size.

  The air was full of the deep rumbling noise of the vol-
cano, and the mountain shook and trembled. From time
to time a loud fall was heard behind, and the travelers
would see some enormous rock rebounding from the
heights to engulf itself in the polar basin below.

  Hatteras did not even turn once to look back, but
marched straight on, carrying his country’s flag attached
to his staff. His terrified friends watched every move-
ment, and saw him gradually decrease to micro-

scopic dimensions, while Duk looked no larger than a
rat.

  Then came a moment of intense anxiety, for the wind
beat down on them an immense sheet of flame, and
they could see nothing but the red glare. A cry of
agony escaped the Doctor; but an instant afterwards
Hatteras reappeared, waving his flag.

  For a whole hour this fearful spectacle went on—an
hour of battle with unsteady loose rocks and quag-
mires of ashes, where the foolhardy climber sank up
to his knees. Sometimes they saw him hoist him-
self up by leaning knees and loins against the rocks in
narrow, intricate winding paths, and sometimes he
would be hanging on by both hands to some sharp
crag, swinging to and fro like a withered tuft.

  At last he reached the summit of the mountain, the
mouth of the crater. Here the Doctor hoped the in-
fatuated man would stop, perhaps, recover his senses,
and expose himself to no more danger than the descent
involved.

  Once more he shouted: “Hatteras! Hatteras!”

  There was such a pathos of entreaty in his tone
that Altamont felt moved to his inmost soul.

  “I’ll save him yet!” he exclaimed; and before Claw-
bonny could hinder him, he had cleared with a bound
the torrent of fire, and was out of sight among the
rocks.

  Meantime, Hatteras had mounted a rock which over-
hung the crater, and stood waving his flag amidst show-
ers of stones which rained down on him. Duk was
by his side; but the poor beast was growing dizzy in
such close proximity to the abyss.

  Hatteras balanced his staff with one hand, and with
the other sought to find the precise mathematical point
where all the meridians of the globe meet, the point on
which it was his sublime purpose to plant his foot.

  All at once the rock gave way, and he disappeared.
A cry of horror broke from his companions, and rang
to the top of the mountain. Clawbonny thought his
friend had perished, and lay buried for ever in the
depths of the volcano. A second—only a second,
though it seemed an age—elapsed, and there was Alta-
mont and the dog holding the ill-fated Hatteras! Man
and dog had caught him at the very moment when be
disappeared in the abyss;

  Hatteras was saved! Saved in spite of himself; and
half-an-hour later he lay unconscious in the arms of
his despairing companions.

  When he came to himself, the Doctor looked at him
in speechless anguish, for there was no glance of
recognition in his eye. It was the eye of a blind man,
who gazes without seeing.

  “Good heavens!” exclaimed Johnson, “he is blind!
He cannot see us.”

  “No!” replied Clawbonny, “no! My poor friends, we
have only saved the body of Hatteras; his soul is left
behind on the top of the volcano. He is not blind.
His reason is gone!”

  “Insane!” exclaimed Johnson and Altamont, in con-
sternation.

  “Insane!” replied the Doctor, and the big tears ran
down his cheeks.
IHE DESERT OF ICE

CHAPTER XXV
Return South

THREE hours after this sad denouement of the
adventures of Captain Hatteras, the whole party
were back once more in the grotto.

  Clawbonny was asked his opinion as to what was
best to be done.

  “Well, friends,” he said, “we cannot stay longer in
this island; the sea is open, and we have enough pro-
visions. We ought to start at once, and get back with-
out the least delay to Fort Providence, where we must
winter.”

  “That is my opinion, too,” said Altamont. “The
wind is favorable, so to-morrow we will get to sea.”

  The day passed in profound dejection. The insanity
of the captain was a bad omen, and when they began
to talk over the return voyage, their hearts failed
them for fear. They missed the intrepid spirit of their
leader.

  However, like brave men, they prepared to battle
anew with the elements and with themselves, if ever they
felt inclined to give way.

  Next morning they made all ready to sail, and brought
the tent and all its belongings on board.

  But before leaving these rocks, never to return, the
Doctor carrying out the intentions of Hatteras, had a
cairn erected on the very spot where the poor fellow
had jumped ashore. It was made of great blocks
placed one on the top of the other, so as to be a land-
mark perfectly visible while the eruption of the vol-
cano left it undisturbed. On one of the side stones,
Bell chiseled the simple inscription:

John Hatteras

  The duplicate of the document attesting the dis-
covery of the North Pole was enclosed in a tinned iron
cylinder, and deposited in the cairn, to remain a silent
witness among those desert rocks.

  This done, the four men and the captain, a poor body
without a soul, set out on the return voyage, accom-
panied by the faithful Duk, who had become sad and
downcast. A new sail was manufactured out of the
tent, and about ten o’clock, the little boat sailed out be-
fore the wind.

  She made a quick passage, finding abundance of open
water. It was certainly easier to get away from the
Pole than to get to it.

  But Hatteras knew nothing that was passing around
him. He lay full length in the boat, perfectly silent,
with lifeless eye and folded arms, and Duk lying at
his feet. Clawbonny frequently addressed him, but
could elicit no reply.

  On the 15th they sighted Altamont Harbor, but as
the sea was open all along the coast, they determined to
go round to Victoria Bay by water, instead of crossing
New America in the sled.

  The. voyage was easy and rapid. In a week they ac-
complished what had taken a fortnight in the sled,
and on the 23rd they cast anchor in Victoria Bay.

As soon as the boat was made fast, they all hastened
to Fort Providence. But what a scene of devastation

361

met their eyes! Doctor’s House, stores, powder-maga-
zine, fortifications, all had melted away, and the pro-
visions had been ransacked by devouring animals.

  The navigators had almost come to the end of their
supplies, and had been reckoning on replenishing their
stores at Fort Providence. The impossibility of win-
tering there now was evident, and they decided to get to
Baffin Bay by the shortest route.

  “We have no alternative,” said Clawbonny. “Baffin
Bay is not more than six hundred miles distant. We can
sail as long as there is water enough under our boat,
and get to Jones Sound, and then on to the Danish
settlements.”

  “Yes,” said Altamont; “let us collect what food re-
mains, and be off at once.”

  After a thorough search, a few cases of pemmican
were found scattered here and there, and two barrels
of preserved meat, altogether enough for six weeks,
and a good supply of powder. It was soon collected and
brought on board, and the remainder of the day was
employed in caulking the boat and putting her in good
trim.

  Next morning they put out once more to sea. The
voyage presented no great difficulties, the drift-ice be-
ing easily avoided; but still the Doctor thought it ad-
visable, in case of possible delays, to limit the rations
to one-half. This was no great hardship, as there
was not much work for anyone to do, and all were in
perfect health.

  Besides, they found a little shooting, and brought
down ducks, and geese, and guillemots or auks. Water
they were able to supply themselves with in abundance,
from the fresh-water icebergs they constantly fell in
with as they kept near the coast, not daring to venture
out in the open sea in so frail a bark.

  At that time of the year, the thermometer was al-
ready constantly below freezing point. The frequent
rains changed to snow, and the weather became gloomy.
Each day the sun dipped lower below the horizon, and
on the 30th, for a few minutes, it was out of sight
altogether.

  However, the little boat sailed steadily on. They
knew what fatigues and obstacles a land journey in-
volved, if they should be forced to adopt it, and no
time was to be lost, for soon the open water would
harden to firm ground; already the young ice had be-
gun to form. In these high latitudes there is neither
spring nor autumn; winter follows close on the heels
of summer.

ON the 31st the first stars glimmered overhead, and
from that time forward there was continual fog,
which considerably impeded navigation.

  The Doctor became very uneasy at these multiplied
indications of approaching winter. He knew the diffi-
culties Sir John Ross had to contend with after he left
his ship to try and reach Baffin Bay, and how, after all,
he was compelled to return and pass a fourth winter on
board. It was bad enough with shelter and food and
fuel, but if any such calamity befell the survivors oi'
the Forward, if they were obliged to stop or return,
they were lost.
362

AMAZING STORIES

  The Doctor said nothing of his anxieties to his
companions, but only urged them to get as far east as
possible.

  At last, after thirty days’ tolerably quick sailing, and
after battling for forty-eight hours against the in-
creasing drift ice, and risking the frail boat a hun-
dred times, the navigators saw themselves blocked in
on all sides. Further progress was impossible, for
the sea was frozen in every direction, and the ther-
mometer was only 15° above zero.

  Altamont made a reckoning with scrupulous pre-
cision, and found they were in 77° 15' latitude, and
85° 2' longitude.

  “This is our exact position, then,” said the Doctor.
“We are in South Lincoln, just at Cape Eden, and are
entering Jones Sound. With a little more good luck, we
should have found open water right to Baffin Bay.
But we must not grumble. If my poor Hatteras had
found as navigable a sea at first, he would have soon
reached the Pole. His men would not have deserted
him, and his brain would not have given way under
the pressure of terrible trial.”

  “I suppose, then,” said Altamont, “our only course
is to leave the boat, and get by sled to the east coast
of Lincoln.”

  “Yes; but I think we should go through Jones Sound,
and get to South Devon instead of crossing Lincoln.”

 “Why?”

  “Because the nearer we get to Lancaster Sound, the
more chance we have of meeting whalers.”

  “You are right; but I question whether the ice is
firm enough to make it practicable.”

  “We’ll try,” replied Clawbonny.

  The little 'vessel was unloaded, and the sled put
together again. All the parts were in good condition, so
the next day the dogs were harnessed, and they started
off along the coast to reach the ice-field; but Alta-
mont’s opinion proved right. They could not get through
Jones Sound, and were obliged to follow the coast to
Lincoln.

  At last, on the 24th, they set foot on North Devon.

  “Now,” said Clawbonny, “we have only to cross
this, and get to Cape Warender at the entrance to
Lancaster Sound.”

  But the weather became frightful, and very cold.
The snow-storms and tempests returned with winter
violence, and the travelers felt too weak to contend
with them. Their stock of provisions was almost ex-
hausted, and rations had to be reduced now to a third,
that the dogs might have food enough to keep them
in working condition.

  The nature of the ground added greatly to the fatigue.
North Devon is extremely wild and rugged, and the
path across the Trauter mountains is through difficult
gorges. The whole party—men and dogs, and sled
alike—were frequently forced to stop, for they could
not struggle on against the fury of the elements. More
than once despair crept over the brave little band, hardy
as they were, and used to polar sufferings. Though
scarcely aware of it themselves, they were completely
worn out, physically and mentally.

  It was not till the 30th of August that they emerged

from those wild mountains into a plain which seemed
to have been upturned and convulsed by volcanic action
at some distant period.

  Here it was absolutely necessary to take a few days’
rest, for the travelers could not drag one foot after the
other, and two of the dogs had died from exhaustion.
None of the party felt equal to put up the tent, so they
took shelter behind an iceberg.

  Provisions were now so reduced that, notwithstanding
their scanty rations, there was only enough left for one
week. Starvation stared the poor fellows in the face.

  Altamont, who had displayed great unselfishness and
devotion to the others, roused his sinking energies, and
determined to go out and find food for his comrades.

  He took his gun, called Duk, and went off almost un-
noticed by the rest.

  He had been absent about an hour, and only once
during that time had they heard the report of his gun
and now he was coming back empty-handed, but run-
ning as if terrified.

  “What is the matter?” asked the Doctor.

  “Down there, under the snow!” said Altamont, speak-
ing as if scared, and pointing in a particular direction.

  “What?”

  “A whole party of men!”

  “Alive?”

  “Dead—frozen—and even—”

  He did not finish the sentence, but a look of unspeak-
able horror came over his face. The Doctor and the
others were so roused by this incident, that they man-
aged to get up and drag themselves after Altamont
towards the place he indicated. They soon arrived at
a narrow part at the bottom of a ravine, and what a
spectacle met their gaze! Dead bodies, already stiff,
lay half-buried in a winding-sheet of snow. A leg
visible here, an arm there, and yonder shrunken
hands and rigid faces, stamped with the expression of
rage and despair.

  The Doctor stooped down to look at them more
closely, but instantly started back pale and agitated,
while Duk barked ominously. “Horrible horrible!”
he said.

  “What is it?” asked Johnson.

  “Don’t you recognize them?”

  “What do you mean?”

  “Look and see!”

  It was evident this ravine had been but recently the
scene of a fearful struggle with cold, and despair, and
starvation, for by certain horrible remains it was mani-
fest that the poor wretches had been feeding on human
flesh, perhaps while still warm and palpitating; and
among them the Doctor recognized Shandon, Pen, and
the ill-fated crew of the Forward! Their strength had
failed; provision^ had come to an end; their boat had
been broken, perhaps by an avalanche or engulfed in
some abyss, and they could not take advantage of the
open sea; or perhaps they had lost their way in wan-
dering over these unknown continents. Moreover, men
who set out under the excitement of a revolt were not
likely to remain long united. The leader of a rebellion
has but a doubtful power, and no doubt Shandon’s
authority had been soon cast off.

r- -
THE DESERT OF ICE

363

  Be that as it may, it was evident the crew had
come through agonies of suffering and despair before
this last terrible catastrophe, but the secret of their
miseries is buried with them beneath the polar snows.

  “Come away! come away!” said the Doctor, drag-
ging his companions from the scene. Horror gave them
momentary strength, and they resumed their march
without stopping a minute longer.

CHAPTER XXVI
Conclusion

IT would be useless to enumerate all the misfortunes
which befell the survivors of this expedition. Even
the men themselves were never able to give any
detailed narrative of the events which occurred during
the week subsequent to the horrible discovery related in
the last chapter. However, on the 9th of September, by
superhuman exertions, they arrived at last at Cape
Horsburg, the extreme point of North Devon.

  They were absolutely starving. For forty-eight
hours they had tasted nothing, and their last meal had
been off the flesh of their last Esquimau dog. Bell
could go no further, and Johnson felt himself dying.

  They were on the shore of Baffin Bay, now half-frozen
over; that is to say, on the road to Europe, and three
miles off the waves were dashing noiselessly on the
sharp edges of the ice-field. Here they must wait their
chance of a whaler appearing, and for how long?

  But Heaven pitied the poor fellows, for the very
next day Altamont distinctly perceived a sail on the
horizon.

  Everyone knows the torturing suspense that follows
such an appearance, and the agonizing dread lest it
should prove a false hope. The vessel seems alternately
to approach and recede, and too often, just at the very
moment when the poor castaways think they are saved,
the sail begins to disappear, and is soon out of sight.

  The Doctor and his companions went through all
these experiences. They had succeeded in reaching the
western boundary of the ice-field by carrying and push-
ing each other along, and they watched the ship grad-
ually fade away from view without observing them.

Just then a happy inspiration came to the Doctor.
His fertile genius supplied him with one last idea.

  A floe, driven by the current, struck against the ice-
field, and Clawbonny exclaimed, pointing to it:

  “Let us embark on this floe!”

  “Oh! Dr. Clawbonny, Dr. Clawbonny,” said John-
son, pressing his hand.

  Bell, assisted by Altamont, hurried to the sled, and
brought back one of the poles, which he stuck fast on
the ice like a mast, and fastened it with ropes. The
tent was torn up to furnish a sail, and as soon as the
frail raft was ready the poor fellows jumped upon it,
and sailed out to the open sea.

  Two hours later, after unheard-of exertions, the sur-
vivors of the Forward were picked up by the Hans
Christian, a Danish whaler, on her way to Davis Strait.
They were more like specters than human beings, and
the sight of their sufferings was enough.

THE

   Ten days afterwards, Clawbonny, Johnson, Bell, Alta-
 mont, and Captain Hatteras landed at a town in
 Zealand, an island belonging to Denmark. They took
 the steamer to Kiel, and from Kiel proceeded by
 Altona and Hamburg to London, where they arrived
 on the 13th of the same month.

   The first care of Clawbonny was to request the
 Royal Geographical Society to receive a communica-
 tion from him. He was accordingly admitted to the
 next seance, and one can imagine the astonishment of
 the learned assembly and the enthusiastic applause pro-
 duced by the reading of Hatteras’s document.

   The English have a passion for geographical discov-
 ery, from the lord to the cockney, from the merchant
 down to the dock laborer, and the news of this grand
 discovery speedily flashed along the telegraph wires,
 throughout the length and breadth of the kingdom. Hat-
 teras was lauded as a martyr by all the newspapers, and
 every Englishman felt proud of him.

   The Doctor and his companions had the honor of be-
 ing presented to the Queen by the Lord Chancellor, and
 they were feted and “lionized” in all quarters.

   The Government confirmed the names of “Queen’s
 Island,” “Mount Hatteras,” and “Altamont Harbor.”

   Altamont would not part from his companions in
 misery and glory, but followed them to Liverpool,
 where they were joyously welcomed back, after being
 so long supposed dead and buried beneath the snows.

   But Dr. Clawbonny would never allow that any
 honor was due to himself. He claimed all the merit
 of the discovery for his unfortunate captain, and in
 the narrative of his voyage, published the next year
 under the auspices of the Royal Geographical Society,
 he places John Hatteras on a level with the most il-
 lustrious navigators, and makes him the compeer of all
 the brave, daring men who have sacrificed themselves
 for the progress of science.

   The insanity of this poor victim of a sublime passion
 was of a mild type, and he lived quietly at Sten Cot-
 tage, a private asylum near Liverpool, where the Doc-
 tor himself had placed him. He never spoke, and un-
 derstood nothing that was said to him: reason and
 speech had fled together. The only tie that connected
 him with the outside world was his friendship for
 Duk, who was allowed to remain with him.

   For a considerable time the captain had been in the
 habit of walking in the garden for hours, accompanied
 by his faithful dog, who watched him with sad, wist-
 ful eyes, but his promenad’ was always in one direction
 in a particular part of the garden. When he got to
 the end of this path, he would stop and begin to walk
 backwards. If anyone stopped him he would point
 with his finger towards a certain part of the sky, but
 let anyone attempt to turn him round, and he became
 angry, while Duk, as if sharing his master’s sentiments,
 would bark furiously.

   The Doctor, who often visited his afflicted friend,
 noticed this strange proceeding one day, and soon un-
 derstood the reason of it.

   This was the secret: John Hatteras invariably
 faced towards the North.

 END.
!By Irvin Lester and Fletcher Pratt

Authors of: “The Great Steel Panic,” “The Roger Bacon Formula,” etc.

HE wind rose in the night and by dawn the
sky was streaming with torn and ragged
masses of cloud moving from south to
north like an army in flight. There was a
shiver of cold in the air and the seas ran
so high that effective work was impossible, so we
gathered in Professor Hartford’s cabin to help the
old man brave out his discomfort by getting him to
talk. The way in which he kept up his spirit, if not his
body, through all the miseries of seasickness on that
trip, was one of the finest exhibitions of courage I have
seen anywhere.

  As the senior member of the Museum’s staff he was,
in a sense, in charge of the expedition, though like the
rest of us, he was inclined to let things run themselves
while he pursued his specialty. Perhaps it was for-
tunate for him that the protozoa can be studied as
well on a constantly moving steamer as on dry land;
for the work kept his mind off his troubles. At all
events, every day that was calm enough for him to be
out of bed, found him poring over his microscope in
search of hitherto undescribed forms in this remote
corner of the Pacific.

  On days such as this he lay in his bunk, and be-
tween uneasy heavings of the mal-de-mer that plagued
him, lectured our crowd of assorted scientific experts
on the importance of unicellular life. Very inter-
esting lectures they must have been to the other chaps;
even I was sometimes caught by the spell of the pro-
fessor’s keen and philo-
sophical observation, and as
a mere artist I always felt
more or less a misfit among
all those -ologies and -isms.

  I remember this day in
particular, partly because
the evening brought us to
our first view of Easter
Island and partly because
the conversation turned to
those scientific generaliza-
tions, which are both easier
to understand and more interesting to the non-scientific
hearer. But even then, I probably would have recalled
it only as one of a number of similar talks, had not
after events given it a peculiar, almost a sinister sig-
nificance.

  Burgess, our entomologist, had been trying to riraw
the professor out by descanting on the rising tide of in-
sect life. “Sooner or later,” he declared, “we will have
to fight for our lives with them. Science always plods
along behind their attacks. They have taken the chest-
nut, the boll-weevil and corn-borer are taking two more

of our economically important plants. Who knows
but that nature is working in its slow way to send us
after the dinosaurs?”

  Slap, slap, went the waves against the cabin wall.
“Perhaps, perhaps,” mused Professor Hertford,
“though I incline to think that the insects will never
drive man from the planet. Evolution allows a group
only one opportunity—the insects had their chance to
rule the world in the Carboniferous, and failed.

  “. . . No,” he went on, “there are many lines of
evolution untried, but none of them lead through ex-
isting forms. When a more capable type than man
appears, it will be in a wholly new form of animal life
—perhaps even a direct evolution from the protozoa.
So far as we know, evolution along that line has never
taken place to any great extent. The division between
the one-celled and many-celled animals is sharper than
that between an insect and an elephant. Think of a
one-celled animal, practically immortal as they are and
possessed of intelligence. No matter what work we do,
no matter what records we leave, the greater portion
of human knowledge perishes with the minds that give
it birth. Think what it would mean if one person could
go on gathering knowledge through the centuries.”
“But,” objected Burgess, “a parmoecium hasn’t any
brain tissue. You can’t have that without some ner-
vous organization.”

  “But, my dear Burgess,” said the professor, ur-
banely, “is brain tissue necessary to thought? You
might as well say fins are
necessary to swimming.
Neither the polar bear nor
the octopus have them, yet
both can swim very well.
Nature has a queer way of
accomplishing similar re-
sults by all sorts of differ-
ent means. Suppose thought
is what Osborn hints it is—
a matter of chemical reac-
tion, and interaction — is
there any need for brain
tissue in which the thought must take place?”

  “All true enough,” said Burgess, “but you must ad-
mit that without proprioceptors there can be no sensa-
tion, and with a cortex—”

THE conversation became so technical that I was
perforce eliminated from it, and wandered down
the iron stairway to watch the engines. For a time I
sat there, vainly trying to put on paper the flicker of
those bright moving parts—so beautifuUy ordered, so
Roman in their efficient performance of their task,

- - ..i—— ■ — -

 FASTER ISLAND has for many years been a subject
 for considerable conjecture. Though many expeditions
 have traveled there and made intensive investigations, no
 definite reasons could be found for the complete lack of
 human existence. There are many signs of life having been
 there at some time. The statues there remain a mystery.
 So docs any reason as to why the area of water and islands
 called the Agassiz Triangle is so devoid of life.

   The co-authors of this story, apparently, have also zvon-
 dered ab»ut these questions and have developed an original
 explanation of unusual interest.
With an indescribably swaying motion, the jelly-like mass la the cage seemed to surge through the narrow opening in tha
cage, and as it surged, the air about it was filled with the flash of those deadly darts. I heard Howard cry out, I saw Grimm

                                             leap, and a gun was discharged.

365
366

AMAZING STORIES

whatever else was happening. But it was no use; a
job for a Nevinson, and I clambered back to the deck.

  There I found the weather had moderated. The
whole southwest was streaked with the orange presage
of a fairer day and, right in the center of the illumina-
tion, grey and ominous, a huge cone rose steeply from
the water.

  “That’s Puakatina,” said Bronson the mate, pausing
beside me. “There’s an anchorage right beneath it,
but we’ll have to work round to the west of Cook’s
Bay to get shelter from the wind. I was here on a
guano ship ten years ago. Damndest place you ever
saw—no water, no fish, no nothing.”

  Morning found us at anchor in the bay and already
scattering to our several pursuits. For me, Easter
Island was a fairyland. Never, among primitive work,
have I seen such sculpture. It far surpassed the best
Egyptian work, for every one of those cyclopean heads
was a portrait, and almost a perfect one. I cannot
better express my feeling for them than by saying
that now, as I am writing this account with the memory
sharp in my mind, of the strange and terrible events
that took place later, I must still turn aside to pay
tribute to those statues.

  After all they are not so far from my story. Indeed,
it was the statues that gave me what should have been
a clue—a queer idea that all was not quite as it should
be on this island—an idea that I would dismiss as an
afterview, were it not that I find on the margin of one
of my sketches, made at the time, a note to the effect
that something very curious must have happened on
the island. Those stones were carved by nothing less
than a race of conquerors, with stern high faces, utterly
different from the easy-going Polynesians of today.
What became of them?

  The same impression, of some weird catastrophe, was
confirmed by other members of the expedition. There
were almost no fish, very little life for the botanists to
chew on, and Hertford announced at one of our cabin
conferences that the waters, as Agassiz had reported,
were quite devoid of plankton.* He pooh-poohed the
idea of the subsidence of a large land put forth by De
Salza, our geologist. “Subsidence,” he said, “would
leave the plankton and fish untouched. It is more as
though some destructive organism had swept every
trace of life from the locality. All the birds and the
few fish are obviously recent immigrants, like the
people.”

  Despite my entreaties for more time to make sketches,
the scientists had done about all they could with this
barren land in a week or so, and we hauled up anchor
for Sala-y-Gomez, three hundred miles further east,
taking a couple of the islanders with us. In spite of
its atmosphere of ruin and gloom I was sorry to
leave Easter Island, but there was the possibility that
Sala-y-Gomez might contain some traces of the Easter
script or carvings, and I felt it necessary to refuse
Hertford’s offer to leave me and stop on the way back.

  Upon Sala-y-Gomez too, we came just at evening,

  * Plankton—the passively floating or weakly swimming animal
and plant life of a body of water;—by some applied chiefly to
the organisms found near the surface. (Webster.)

marking it by the white line of foam along its low-
lying shores as we felt our way slowly among the
reefs, and here occurred another of those trivial inci-
dents which- are straws pointing in the direction of
hidden things.

  I was standing by the rail with Howard, the icthyo-
logical man, idly watching the wires of the dredge where
they interrupted the slow curls of water turned back
by our bow when there was a heavy muffled clang,
and we saw the lines of the dredge tighten to tensity.
Howard signalled for it to be drawn in, and together
we watched the big scoop, eager to see what it had en-
countered. To our surprise it held only a little sea-
weed.

  “Now that’s odd,” said Howard, searching the sea-
weed, with a small hand glass. “I could have sworn
that dredge caught something heavy.”

  “It did,” I answered, pointing. There was a long
scratch of bright metal along one side.

  “Corals possibly,” he remarked. “Hey, Bronson,
any reefs charted here?”

  The mate strolled up. “Not on the charts,” he said,
“but you never can tell. These Chilean charts aren’t
very good, you know.”

  “M—m—m” murmured Howard, continuing his ex-
amination. “There ought to be fragments of coralline
formation here, but there aren’t. Wonder what it
could have been? Almost as though we’d caught
something and it got away.”

  The thought of Hertford’s comment about a destruc-
tive organism slipped into my mind, to be dismissed as
not worth mentioning. Rock, shark, almost anything
would have made that mark on the dredge.

  There were no specimens ready to be sketched in
the morning, apd I went ashore with the first boat to
wander about the island with my drawing materials.
It must have been nearly noon when I rounded a jut-
ting outcrop of rock to see before me a little sandy
cove, placid and unresponsive in the heat, without a
sign of life. Far ahead, a dark blob of rock was the
only mark on the perfect line of the beach. It was
so suave a scene that I sat down to make a sketch.
After I had pencilled it in and was mixing the brown
color for the cliffs, I noted that the rock seemed to
have moved, but I attributed it to imagination and
went on with my coloring. It must have been quite
ten minutes when I looked up again. This time there
could be no doubt—neither the outline nor the posi-
tion of the rock were at all as I had recorded them.

IN some excitement, I started to climb' down the
cliff toward this singular rock that changed place and
form, but the distance was considerable, and while I
was still a quarter of a mile away, it moved again,
visibly this time, sliding down to the water’s edge, where
it disappeared beneath the gentle surge. The most
peculiar thing about it was that there seemed to be no
sensible method of progress; it flowed, like a huge, ir-
regular drop of liquid.

  I hurried back to the camp with my sketch and my
tale, but found the rest in no condition to listen. Old
Makoi Toa, one of the Easter Islanders we had brought
DANGER

367

along with us, had been killed, apparently by a snake.

  “He was fishing down the beach ahead of the rest,”
said Howard, “just out of sight beyond that rock. We
all heard him scream, and hurried to the spot. When
we got there he was already dead, with a round hole in
his chest, and shortly after he turned that hideous
blue-black that people turn to who die of snake-bite. It
might have been one of those sea-snakes but for the
size of the wound.”

  “I’m sure I saw something sliding away into the
water,” added Greaves, the botanist, “but it didn’t look
in the least like a snake.”

  The shadow of the old man’s death lay on our little
cabin conference that night, inhibiting speech, though
the means of it renamed a mystery. It was not until
I told my tale that there was any conversation at all.
As I finished there was a little moment of silence, dur-
ing which each one made the obvious parallel between
the occurrence and the death of Makoi Toa, and then
Professor Hertford asked to see my sketch. He looked
at it closely for a moment.

  “Unless I am mistaken, gentlemen,” he said, “we are
facing an unknown organism of serious potentialities.
May I ask that you do not go ashore to-morrow unless
you are well armed and in pairs?”

  “What is it, professor ?” asked de Salza.

  “I would prefer not to hazard a guess just yet. I
may be in error.” And that was the last word on the
subject that we could draw from him, although de
Salza laughed at the idea of anything sinister in con-
nection with this little spot of land.

  The next day was bright and clear, and after attend-
ing the burial service for Makoi Toa, I sought Greaves
and together we made for the spot where I had seen the
moving rock. I admit we were culpable in not going
armed as the professor advised, but who would then
have thought . . . .?

  We reached the place about the same time I had
been there the previous day, climbed down the cliffs
with each other’s help, and walked across the white
sand of the cove, to where I had seen the moving
rock. It was not more than ten yards from the edge
of a place where the receding tide of years had left a
number of little arched caves. Just where I had
sketched the rock was a ridge of sand pushed aside
by the weight of whatever had been there, and in the
center of it, a round, hard ball, perhaps three or four
inches in diameter. Greaves picked it up, turning it
over curiously.

  “Why, it’s feathers and bones,” he said, extending
it to me, “just as though it had been regurgitated by a
pelican or an eagle after a meal.”

  I reached my hand for it, and just then, by the grace
of Providence, caught a flicker of motion out of the
tail of my eye. I turned to meet it; my foot gave on
the soft sand, and I fell prone. It was the fall that
saved me; for something sharp whistled not an inch
past my shoulder as I went down. The next instant
I heard Greaves shout, and felt him tug my arm, and
in the same moment something cold and clammy and
hard grated and gripped against my foot. A horrible
fear, the fear of imminent death, turned me to ice;

I seemed incapable of movement, but somehow got to
one knee, and between my own efforts and Greaves’
pull, the grip on my foot relaxed. I half stumbled,
half-rolled down the sand, and as I did so, there was
another whistling flash and something struck the pocket
of my coat, going right through the cloth and the
sketch pad beneath it, to fall short of my skin by the
narrowest of margins. Greaves was pulling me to my
feet, and in a moment we were running.

  In the interests of science I regret that we stood not
on the order of our going. Neither of us spoke till
we turned and paused at the top of the cliff, after a
breathless climb. The cove was as empty as it had
been before.

  “My God What was it?” I gasped.

  “I don’t know, I don’t know." Greaves was half
sobbing with excitement. “Something big and sort of
—all soft—threw those things at us—half a dozen of
them—My God.”

WE were both so much shaken that the journey
back to the camp seemed interminable, and it was
some time after our arrival before a consecutive story
could be gotten out of Greaves. When he did tell his
tale, it appeared that he had noticed the thing almost
as soon as I—a great, dead brown object of uncertain
form which had slid up softly from the water and shot
out the darts I had seen without warning or sound,
“as a cuttlefish does when you touch it,” said Greaves,
with a shudder. “The horrible part about it was that
the thing had no eyes but seemed to see perfectly and
know just where to move to head us off. I thought
I’d never get you pulled loose ... All the time I was
dodging those darts I kept thinking about Makoi
Toa. . . .”

  “I think you will agree,” said Professor Hertford,
when he had finished his rather incoherent account,
“that my anticipations have been realized. Everything
points to the presence in these waters of an efficient and
destructive organism, capable not only of dominating
the whole animal environment, but possibly even of de-
populating Easter Island. From your description,
which is very rough and inaccurate, I should not be
surpised to find it a giant new species of infusorian or
jellyfish. Both types have those stinging tentacles. I
am in favor of remaining until we obtain more data
about this animal, but as some—er—danger may attend
such a course, I should prefer to leave it to the ma-
jority.”

  What could we do in the face of such an appeal?
Personally, I had felt the grip on my foot and had no
desire to feel it again. I could understand the flame
of scientific interest driving the others, but it was
rather with foreboding than enthusiasm that I listened
to the eager plans they "made for entrapping one of the
animals which had attacked us.

  I doubt whether anybody except de Salza (who was
a human fish, intolerant of anything but the record
of the rocks) was absent from the group which gath-
ered behind the top of the cliffs the next morning to
watch the fluttering antics of a chicken pegged out on
the sand where we had met our adventure. Howard
368

AMAZING STORIES

and Grimm (the conchologist) were armed with the
only two rifles the expedition afforded, it having been
agreed that it was better to examine a dead specimen
before trying to take a live one.

  The sun grew unconscionably hot as it swung across
the sky. We conversed in low tones and were wonder-
ing whether we had come on a wild goose chase when
I saw Howard beside me, stiffen to attention. I looked
around—there was a break in the ripple, and through it
slowly emerged the shape of the monster, dull brown
in hue. I felt a quiver of excitement; the chicken was
straining to the limit of its rope. There was a crack!
that made all of us jump, as someone fired. “No, not
yet,” cried the professor, but the dark form took no
notice, only moved on, formless and flowing, with half
a score of short tentacles waving before it. Then it
appeared to notice the chicken, paused, waved a tentacle
or two at it, and there was a flicking motion as one of
the darts shot out. The chicken went limp and the
monster flowed gently over it. When it had passed,
chicken, rope, and even the stake, were gone.

  Both men were now firing, but they might as well
have been throwing peas. The fantastic mound of jelly
rolled back into the water in the same leisurely fashion
it had come out, and disappeared.

  Everybody began to talk at once, “The thing must
be bullet proof!” “Inverterbrate, but what arftnverter-
brate!” “So that’s what cleaned up Easter Island!”
“Did you notice the ossicles?” “It’s a hydroid!” “More
like a medusid.” “What do you think. Dr. Hertford?”

  On one thing the conference that followed was
agreed: that the animal, whatever it was, must be cap-
tured and examined. Various wild suggestions about
dynamite and chemicals came up to be laughed down,
and it was Dr. Hertford, as usual, who supplied the
determining factor.

  “It seems to me,” said he, “that it would be worth
while to postpone our trip to the continent and attempt
to take one of these animals in one of the mammal
cages. I believe the one you shot at was at least
seriously injured; it seems incredible that it could be
altogether bullet proof. We may, therefore, have a
wait before another appears. What do you say?”

  De Salza’s was the only dissenting voice. I kept
silence. I wish I had not, for though my protest might
have done little good, it would at least have taken a
load from my conscience that can never be quite clear
now. However, I made no protest. The cage was
rigged up on the shore with another chicken inside and
a trick arrangement to slam the door shut on the in-
vader and we sat down at the cove to wait.

IT was the afternoon of the third day from the instal-
lation of the cage, and I was in my tent at the camp,
trying to capture the color pattern of a small and very
wiggly fish when the excited voice of Howard hailed
us to announce that the cage held a prisoner. At once
everything else was forgotten and we all hurried off,
pell-mell, Dr. Hertford for all his years, well in the
lead.

  Sure enough the little mammal cage was filled to
overflowing with the brown jelly-like mass of the mon-

THE

ster, a tentacle or two waving in a friendly manner
from the edges of the mass where it bulged between
the bars. I admit it gave me a gone Reeling in the pit
of the stomach to watch it; it was like nothing I had
ever seen or heard of, but among the scientists it pro-
duced only the liveliest interest.

   Warned by previous experience, they approached it
with some caution, Howard carrying a piece of sheet
iron from the ship before the professor like a shield-
bearer in the days of the Iliad, while Greaves and
Grimm came behind at a respectable distance, bearing
rifles at the ready.

   As they drew near, I heard the professor cry out in
 excitement, “Why, it’s a protozoan! Look, the nucleus,
 and those cilia! And the triocysts! A single celled
 animal, by all that’s holy! Related to Loxodes unless
 I am mistaken.” Simultaneously, Greaves and Grimm,
 attracted by his words, drew a step nearer, and even
 Howard lowered the sheet iron to peer at the animal.
 And in that moment it happened.

   With an indescribable swaying motion, the jelly-like
 mass in the cage seemed to surge through the narrow
 opening in the cage, and as it surged, the air about it
 was filled with the flash of those deadly darts. I heard
 Howard cry out, I saw Grimm leap; a gun was dis-
 charged, and the sheet iron clanged on the sand. Then
 there was silence and the brown mass in the cage oozed
 slowly across the sand to the four dead men, who
 writhed for a moment and lay still.

   I think I must have gone a little mad in the nexi
moments. I can never recall quite accurately what hap-
pened. I remember only a paralyzing mist of horror,
and the walls of my cabin. They tell me that the cove
was found utterly empty save for the cage with its door
shut tight ... I do not know ... I do not know. A
round ball, like the gall of feathers and bones found
by Greaves was picked up later on the beach. It held
shattered human bones, a fragment of blue cloth and a
brass key, nothing more. I did not see it.

   Even today, the memory of the horror of that mo-
ment gives me sleepless nights and days of shuddering.
All too clearly I recall the words of that brave and
gentle man who went to his death on the beach of
Sala-y-Gomez, “When a type to replace man appears, it
will he a direct evolution from the protozoa. . .” All
too clearly I remember his last words, and the desola-
tion wrought by these animals on Easter Island and
through that great stretch of the Eastern Pacific known
as the Agassiz triangle, and I wonder how long it will
tie before they invade the continents.

   It will be long, of that I am certain. The length' of
 the time makes me wish to forget it and leave the future
 to care for itself. But I feel it a duty to the memory
 of Dr. Hertford to lay aside my own feelings and place
 this story before the public, especially since de Salza,
 the only surviving member of that disastrous expedi-
 tion, has cast doubt upon his conclusions and has
 disparaged his memory. If, in the face of a de Salza’s
 reputation, I have succeeded in convincing even a few
 that humanity is on the verge of a battle to the death
 with a perhaps superior form of life, I am content;
 I have accomplished my purpose.

END.
369

The Space Hermit

By E. Edsel Newton

(Continued from page 333)

at her, looked about for the professor whom I saw en-
gaged in tending a machine in the after end of the ship,
and then turned and whispered, “Do you wish to
land?”

  She nodded eagerly. My very soul shuddered when I
saw her nod. It seemed that she was broken in spirit
and had no reason to live, but only smiled through her
tears and waited patiently for a rescuer. I hoped that
her mind had not been affected by the great trial she
had faced. I wondered that she appeared so much at
ease. Perhaps it was through hope, perhaps, like too
few women, she had been alone long enough to dis-
cover within herself her greatest powers.

  “Do not worry—your father shall be safe,” I whis-
pered again.

  She nodded and beamed upon me as I turned away.
I knew then what to do. I would make arrangements
to land the ship. So I went to my room and drew down
the curtains. I removed my clothes from my body and
put my shirt and underwear in the pockets of my flying
suit, which I put on again. Then at leisure I tore
the clothes I had removed into strips and tied them to-
gether at the ends. By this means I contrived a strong
bandage the width of an inch and about seven feet
long. Then I took a pair of pliers which were in the
pocket of my flying suit and tore the bolt from my door.
No sooner had I succeeded in doing that than the pro-
fessor turned from his work and came down to see me.
He talked like a tired, weary old man.

  “I am not so strong as I once was, Metters. I shall
ask your assistance in lifting one of my motors from
its base. It will be repaired later—just help me re-
move it.”

  I felt like a murderer as I followed him out through
the control room to the room where the motors were
located. We were in a narrow passageway when I
pinioned his arms to his sides and quickly tied the cord.
Before he could wrench himself from my grasp I bent
his body and wrapped the cord about his feet. I se-
cured him and lay him on the deck, but I could not
face him. I heard him breathing quick and short as a
man meeting certain death, and then he said, “You are
a traitor. I should not have trusted you.”

  “It was necessary,” I said, and then I looked into his
face. It was the face of a man who awaited a tragedy
—in his case, obviously his return to earth.

  “Never!” he hissed “Never, Metters, shall you take
me back to your hateful world. My daughter—”

  His voice fell short. He tried to wrench his hands
free, but only succeeded in rising to a sitting posture.
He tried to speak, but he failed.

later, when I was still working over him, Glorie came
to my side. She fell beside him weeping. It was the
first time I heard her voice.

  “It was his heart, Miss Hedron,” I said
“It must have been,” she answered tearfully. “I—
I saw you bind him—I do not believe you wished to
injure him.”

  I put my arm about her and guided her into the
main cabin. I did not wish to discuss matters with her.
I pulled down the elevator lever and turned on the
power. Thirty minutes later I looked through the
darkness to see the lights of what appeared to be a
small town. I called Glorie who stood waiting and
glancing back at the body of her father. She followed
me aft to a door that had been sealed for three years.
I took my pliers and wrenched the seal from the latch
and opened it.

  “When I strike land, you must jump, Miss Hedron,”

I	directed. “I will follow immediately after you.”
  “But you will let the ship go again ?” she asked.

  “If you wish,” I told her, caring only to be on land.
“Please do, it belonged to him—he wished to be
buried in the air—that way.”

  It was the end of my cruise on the “Glorie,” I
pulled the ship to level a few feet from the ground
and then dipped her until I felt her strike. I saw
Glorie jump from the door. I closed the door of the
engine room where the body lay and quickly followed
her. The moment I touched ground I saw the great
phantom heave and lift into the void, back to the upper
strata, back to the sky where she belonged, bearing her
dead burden. It was then that I wished I had secured
the formula for making the metal of which that ship
was built. But I was concerned with something still
more important. Glorie stood waiting for me. She
was like a helpless child, and still is, for the world is
strange to her.

  We went into the town, which proved to be a village
in Canada, and wired my bank for funds, upon receipt
of which we started out for Los Angeles, my home.
We have been on earth two weeks. I do not know
what will come of our adventure. Suffice to say I am
trying to make the world believe our story, which has
been proved to many beyond doubt. My Hamilton
was found in the northern part of the state. Sails
is backing me up. But a certain newspaper is trying to
make light of our story. It may mean that I must
again cruise through the upper strata and search for
the great “Glorie,” despite the fact that I have Sails
and the builder’s daughter to bear me out. But I do

IT must have been his heart. I loosed his bonds and
bathed his head in cold water. Nothing seemed to
help. I could not bring him back to life. An hour

not know. I have a certain feeling of responsibility
for Glorie, and a great respect for her wishes—and I
am therefore inclined to let the craft remain up there
in the ether, a glass tomb of the strangest and greatest
scientist the world ever produced.

THE END.
PURPLE DEATH

 "By Jack 'Barnette.

OUNG Doctor Bernard Grey spent many
hours bending over his microscope, study-
ing intently the bits of life that its lens
made visible to his eye. Usually his lens
was trained on a few of the spiral shaped
microbes discovered in 1906 by the German zoologist
Schaudinn. Schaudinn named these microbes “Spiro-
cheta Pallida” and proved that they were the cause of
that dread social disease that is the reward of sin.

  Grey knew that Schaudinn had discovered these pale
germs that darted and corkscrewed their way across
their little world beneath his lens. He knew of the work
of Paul Ehrlich. He had read of Ehrlich’s eight years
search for something to kill trypanosomes—those wrig-
gling, finned devils, who, if one includes all branches
of their family, are the cause of the dread sleeping
sickness, nagana and other diseases. He knew of David
Bruce’s lifetime battle with the trypanosomes and with
the Glossina Morsitans and Glossina Palpalis—tsetse fly
carriers of nagana and sleeping sickness.

  Grey idolized those men whose life history was re-
corded in Paul de Kruif’s book “Microbe Hunters,”
which held a prominent place on his desk. He, like
the brilliant Ehrlich, dreamed of conquering trypano-
somes and the spirochetes that Schaudinn claimed were
closely related to them. He had, in his few years of
practice, administered many doses of 606, or salversan,
which was the fruit of
Ehrlich’s years of research,
and he knew that though
salversan saved thousands
from death, insanity or
worse — it occasionally
killed, seemingly without
reason.

  Ehrlich had searched for
a dye that would be harm-
less to man but would kill
the microbes that attack
man. Grey, in this day of
the ultra-violet ray, sought a
the same thing.

  “See, see,” he would say to his friends. “If I could
find a ray that would kill microbes without in any way
affecting the human body—I could cure any germ dis-
ease. I could cut an artery, insert a curved quartz tube
in such a manner that the blood would continue to flow
through the artery by way of my tube. Then, while
the heart pumped the blood through the tube, my ray
—focused on the tube—would in a short time free the
blood of microbes. Perhaps the ray would be power-

ful enough to pass through the body—X-rays do—then

I	need not cut at all. Just by exposing the patient to
the ray, I could free his entire body of microbes.

  Grey’s laboratory was a maze of apparatus, a hodge-
podge of all kinds of lamps and projectors. He tried
all kinds of rays on the germ cultures on his micro-
scope slides, and on inoculated white mice and guinea-
pigs. He found that two frequencies in the ultra-
violet range would kill a few of the weaker microbes,
but the infinitely small, thin, curved tubercle bacilli, the
spirochetes, the trypanosomes and other of the more
hardy and malignant germs, were not in the least dis-
turbed by these rays, and they killed Grey’s mice and
guinea-pigs.

  Grey, however, was not discouraged. He had a good
practice that supplied him with money. His rich friend,
George Le Brun, an electrical wizard, who spent his
time designing and building outlandish apparatus for
Grey’s experiments and getting hilariously drunk on
the contents of a well stocked pre-prohibition cellar,
aided and encouraged him.

  Grey’s day of days was coming—or perhaps it would
be better to say his night of nights. Le Brun had put
the finishing touches on an odd piece of apparatus in-
tended to permit the variation of the vibratory fre-
quency of the rays given off by a new tube which he had
designed, and had that day received from a company
which specialized in making
that kind of experimental
apparatus. He worked un-
til after midnight installing
this new tube, which looked
like an X-ray tube that had
suffered from convulsions.

  Grey and Le Brun looked
forward to the trial of the
tube the next day. Won-
derful things were expected
of this new apparatus and,
though they had often been
disappointed, they were very anxious to test the new
ray.

  Now it chanced that the next day was Friday the
thirteenth. All sensibly superstitious people know that
Friday is an unlucky day and nothing new should be
attempted or started on that day, and when it chances
to be that Friday is also the thirteenth—then anything
begun on that day is doubly certain to turn out wrong.
Perhaps Le Brun and Grey were not sensibly super-
stitious or maybe they felt that the trial of this new
tube was mere routine—just another attempt to find

 LJ ERE again, is a different sort of a story—different as
 •“ it is unusual and as unusual as it is excellent. We
 know so little about our unknown and little investigated rays
 and waves, that almost anything seems possible.

   Quite recently, Dr. Coolidge of the Great Electric Com-
 pany, experimented zvith a new ray by means of which
 startling experiments were made. These rays changed the
 color of a rabbit’s hair. The subject is given in Science
 and Invention, December, 1926, p. 690, with numerous illus-
 trations, and with a full description of the details.

light ray that would do

370
'V/.

The sunlight streaming through the hole where the window had been made a large square of light on the concrete floor of the
laboratory. Into this square of sunlight Grey rushed; tried to stop and turn, at the same time shrieking to LeBrun.

371
372

AMAZING STORIES

that elusive something for which they had already spent
two years searching.

  Friday the thirteenth dawned through a sullen, driz-
zling rain that was to last all day. Nine o’clock found
them both in Grey’s laboratory. Grey had arranged
with a colleague to handle his practice for the next few
days; had instructed his secretary that he was not, un-
der any circumstances, to be disturbed and he and Le
Brun had locked themselves in the little two-room build-
ing in the rear of his house. This building contained
Grey’s study and laboratory.

BOTH the doctor and Le Brun were visibly excited
as they stepped into the lead-sheathed X-ray con-
trol booth in which the control boards for all the ap-
paratus were located.

  A switch clicked—a knob turned beneath Le Brun’s
fingers and, while Grey and Le Brun watched through
the thick window of the booth, a pale blue halo grew
around the tube. Swiftly it changed to a deep purple
haze that crept and writhed like smoke in a faint breeze.
Le Brun cut off the current and the purple haze died
out. Grey left the booth and placed a cage containing
some white mice and a guinea-pig directly beneath the
“Le Brun tube” where they would be fully exposed to
the “El rays.” (They had decided to name the tube
after Le Brun, who designed it, and its rays after the
first letter in his name, El.) Grey then returned to the
protection of the control booth—they did not know
what effect the rays of the Le Brun tube would have
on animal life.

  For two hours the sinister, creeping, purple haze
crawled over the surface of the Le Brun tube and its
rays poured down upon the guinea-pig and mice as they
sat blinking at the strange light.

  Grey and Le Brun carefully examined the mice and
guinea-pig but they seemed to be absolutely unaffected
by the El-rays. Satisfied that the rays were harmless
to animal life, and therefore to themselves, they began
to turn the rays upon germ cultures.

  The day passed quickly and neither Le Brun nor
Grey thought of lunch. Their ray was killing germs.
The longer the exposure the more germs it killed. The
blood of a guinea-pig which Grey had inoculated with
tubercle bacilli some weeks before—showed only dead
microbes after the guinea-pig had been exposed to the
purple light for two hours. Watching germ cultures
through the lens of their microscopes, Le Brun and
Grey could see a sudden cessation of activity among
the wee creatures. They would fade and die. Only the
hardy, wriggling trypanosomes and their virulent cous-
ins, the spirochetes, continued their activity, stubbornly
refusing to pay any attention to the rays from the Le
Brun tube.

  Grey and Le Brun stopped to eat about half past
seven that Friday evening, but were back at work in
an hour. It was about eleven o’clock, just as they
wrere about to stop for a little well-earned rest, that
Grey—watching a germ culture of spirochetes through
his microscope—picked up a tiny ultra-violet ray pro-
jector and directed its beam, scarcely as large as a
pencil, at the slide on the stage of his microscope.

  As he watched through the microscope, the microbes
and slide disappeared. Grey, tired and sleepy, annoyed
because he thought his lens were out of focus, swore
softly. A glance, however, showed that the slide was
gone, that half of the stage and the substage condenser
were also missing. Grey swore again—this time in
sheer amazement. The ultra-violet ray projector in
his hand was sending its invisible ray at the slate top
of his laboratory table. Grey glanced at it and then
pointed it at a tiny test tube of water. The test tube
and its contents vanished. Grey pointed the projector
at the wall and a black line marked the course of the
beam as it moved across it. By this time Grey was
far too amazed to swear.

  Le Brun—at another table—was unaware of what
was happening. Grey switched off the projector and
stood thinking. He had used that ray projector a hun-
dred times before and it had never caused any such
extraordinary occurrences as these. Must have been
the combination of the two rays. Perhaps it only
made things invisible. He moved his hand through the
space where the test tube had been, but touched nothing.
He walked across to the wall and examined the gash
that the beam of ultra-violet light had left in it—a
clean cut through the composition wall board to the
hollow tile of which the wall was made. Returning
to the table, he placed a cage containing a white mouse
on the slate top of the table; pointed the ultra-violet
ray projector at the slate top, switched it on and moved
it in an arc that crossed the cage and the head of the
mouse. The cage was cut in twain as if by an invisible
knife. The head of the mouse vanished and its quiv-
ering body lay bleeding on one side of the cage. A
few more passes of the little ultra-violet ray projector
and both mouse and cage had vanished as if under the
influence of a magician’s wand.

  Going to the control booth, Grey shut off the Le
Brun tube, turning to watch it as the purple glow faded.
Then he went into his study and brought out some white
mice that were in there. He placed one of the mice
on the slate table-top and turned the ultra-violet ray
projector on it. The mouse scurried around, wrinkling
his nose at his surroundings, quite unharmed by the
ultra-violet rays. Shutting off the projector he put
the Le Brun tube into operation again, then directed
the rays of the little projector at the mouse. The mouse
vanished instantly.

  Gone were all thoughts of microbes. Grey was like
a child with a new and wonderful toy.

  “Look, George,” he called to Le Brun, who was
tinkering with some apparatus.

  “In a minute—soon as I get this vibrator adjusted.”
“Damn your vibrators and coils! Man, I have just
made the greatest discovery of the century.”

  Le Brun dropped his tools and hastened to Grey.
Under the rays from his tube and the little ultra-violet
ray projector he watched Grey send more mice and a
couple of guinea-pigs into nothingness. A steel bar
was instantly severed, then by passing the ray along the
bar, Grey caused it to follow the mice and guinea-pigs.

  “Just think!” he said to Le Brun. “Imagine what a
step forward this will be in surgery—in mechanics. I
THE PURPLE DEATH

373

can amputate a limb instantly. Compared to this an oxy-
acetylene cutting torch is as slow as a cold chisel and
hammer would be compared to the torch.

  “Imagine it in warfare—a beam of the El-rays from
your tube and a beam of ultra-violet rays sending an
army into eternity. An invisible knife that would cut
airplanes or battleships in twain as if they were made
of cheese. So far, slate and clay are the only things
that I have found to be impervious to it.”

  “It’s wonderful, amazing, unimaginable. But I can’t
understand it, Grey. Why does the ultra-violet ray
cut only when in combination with the El-rays ? W'here
do the mice and guinea-pigs go ? They leave no smoke,
visible gas or any odor, so they do not burn. They sim-
ply vanish. It must instantaneously reduce them to'
atoms, perhaps to the protons and electrons of which
the atom is composed according to Bohr.”

  “Yes, I suppose so. Let’s go to bed. My head is
in a whirl. To-morrow I must experiment to find how

I	may use this discovery for surgical operations.”

  That night Grey dreamed of performing all kinds
of surgical operations on the inside of the body with-
out making any incisions. He awoke with a vague
memory of using the two rays in the form of tiny
beams to perform those dream operations. He under-
stood how he could remove—say an appendix—by
causing the two rays to cross each other just at the
appendix, but he could not remember how, in his
dreams, he had been able to see the rays inside the body,
or how he had completed the operations after remov-
ing the offending organs.

  Outside the sky was heavily overcast but the rain
had stopped. It was half past eight and the house-
keeper had breakfast ready. Grey woke Le Brun and
they snatched a light breakfast and hurried across the
yard to the laboratory.

IN the laboratory, a few more mice and guinea-pigs
passed away beneath the combination of rays. A cat
and a dog lost their tails. Under the rays went metals,
wood, liquids, paper, bakelite, everything that Grey
could lay his hands on, and all, except a bit of concrete,
articles made of clay and the slate of Grey’s table-top,
vanished.

  About noon the clouds broke away and the sun shone
brightly. The first intimation that Grey and Le Brun
had that all was not well was given by a strong draft
of air and a crash of glass and wood as a part of the
window and its framework disappeared and the rest fell
into the laboratory.

  Grey, failing to comprehend what was happening,
rushed to the window. The sunlight streaming through
the hole where the window had been made a large
square of light on the concrete floor of the laboratory.
Into this square of sunlight Grey rushed; tried to stop
and turn, at the same time shrieking to Le Brun:
“Shut off the tube—ultra-violet rays in sunli—
Ahhh!”

  Even as Le Brun looked, Grey’s legs, bathed in sun-
light from the knees down, vanished, and the upper
portion of his body, turning away from the window
under the impulse of the effort made as he stepped

into the square of sunlight, fell into the sunlight that
entered the window at an angle from above, and it, too,
disappeared. Vanished—with the lower portion always
going first, so that Le Brun’s last glimpse of his friend
was of his head, face contorted in agony and amaze,
falling toward the floor, yet vanishing before it touched.
Hurled into nothingness, just as the mice and guinea-
pigs had been, by the rays from the Le Brun tube and
ultra-violet rays; ultra-violet rays from that greatest
of all ultra-violet ray generators—the sun.

  Rushing to the control booth, Le Brun shut off the
tube that bore his name. Then, as full realization of
the tragedy came to him, he fled from the laboratory.

  Perhaps it would be best to say that he started to
flee from the laboratory, for as he rushed from the little
building into the sunlight, he, too, was hurled into eter-
nity even as Grey had been. Mandy, Grey’s colored
housekeeper, who was coming across the yard to call
them to lunch, vowed ever afterward that:

  “Mistuh Le Brun’s ghos’ rushed out ob de do’ and
vanished right befo’ mah naked eyes.”

  What Grey and Le Brun had failed to learn was
that the rays from their new tube caused some intan-
gible change in matter that made it susceptible to dis-
solution by the ultra-violet rays for an indefinite period,
and not, as they believed, only while under the combined
influence of both rays. Grey died because he failed
to remember that the sun radiated ultra-violet rays.

  Mandy’s version of Le Brun’s death gave the little
building a reputation of being haunted. The experi-
ence of the hard-boiled but surprisingly superstitious
policeman, who, while investigating the disappearance
of Grey and Le Brun, found Grey’s notebook and
stepped into the sunlight to read it—only to have it
vanish from between his fingers—served to add
credence to wild rumors concerning the place. Further
corroboration was given by the hair-raising experience
of the four workmen hired by Grey’s sister to remove
the furnishings from the laboratory and study.

  These men, filled with forebodings by the tales told
about the laboratory, were rather shaky at first, but
regained their confidence as they removed Grey’s desk,
couch, books, chairs and other effects from the study.
Joking as they entered the laboratory, they removed
the Le Brun tube apparatus—a mass of tubes, coils,
meters and other electrical eamipment, mounted on a
huge bakelite panel. This apparatus weighed well over
a quarter of a ton and taxed the combined strength
of the four of them to carry it. Out through the study
they staggered with their unwieldy burden; out on the
sidewalk and into the sunlight. Then a moment of
awed silence—the mass of apparatus had disappeared,
leaving them empty handed. The four men stood re-
garding the empty space between them for a second or
two, then with one accord they turned and fled incon-
tinently, bumping into other pedestrians who turned
to hurl curses after them.

  This ended all attempts to remove the contents of
the laboratory. The place was shunned except for the
occasional venturesome fellow who, with his scalp
tingling and with cold chills chasing each other up and
down his spine, would creep into the study just to im-
374

AMAZING STORIES

press an awe-stricken audience with his bravery. Mem-
bers of Mandy’s highly emotional and superstitious
race when passing this haunt of ghosts felt of the left
hind-foot of a graveyard rabbit, or whatever charm
against supernatural evils that their pockets contained,
and felt strangely comforted.

 The summer sun—shining into the laboratory
through the gaping holes that had once been the win-
dows in the east, south and west walls—gutted the

walls opposite the windows, dissolved any pieces of
apparatus that its rays chanced to fall on and, with the
aid of its elemental allies, the wind and rain, soon
turned Grey’s once well-kept laboratory into a shambles
and then into a ruin.

  Heavy storms ripped the slates from the roof and
today only a ruin of crumbling walls remains as a
shunned and desolate monument to Grey and Le Brun
and to their strange discovery.

 THE END.

ggri-fr&USSlONS

 Si

^SPjfeSaWMMQii

In this department we shall discuss, every month, topics of interest to readers. The editors invite correspondence on all subjects
directly or indirectly related to the stories appearing in this magazine. In case a special personal answer is required, a nominal

                                      fee of 25c to cover time and postage is required.

INTERPLANETARY STORIES

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  Amazing Stories is a very interesting magazine;
it is in fact, about the only story magazine that
does interest me at all. All the stories are inter-
esting, but in particular I am interested in "Inter-
planetary Travel” stories. Why, I do not know;
most of them are such impossible imaginations of
their writers—huge beasts, highly developed in-
tellectual animals or insects, and other impossible
(?) things. And above all, most of the writers
have no idea of how it is done, or else they use
the "Goddard Rocket.”

  But to get down to cases:—I have spent several
hours today going over these stories trying to dig
out of them something of benefit as a starting point,
and it is not there.

 "Rice’s Ray” by Harry Martin, January 1928.
This writer apparently assumes that gravity is like
a current of electricity and can be increased if a
perfect conductor can be found. Granting that
such is the case, it is not a safe method of travel
and I do not believe it.

  "Sub-Satellite” by Chas. Cloukey, March 1928.
Rocket principle.

  “Skylark of Space” by Smith and Garby, August,
1928. The best interplanetary story ever written.
The science in it is beyond criticism except for
the method of propulsion. "X” always means
unknown. So at the beginning they fail. And
atomic power is doubled by some authorities. This
story illustrates the necessity of control of gravity
itself, as this would eliminate the danger of large
planets or dead suns.

 "Ambassador from Mars” by Harl Vincent,
September, 1928. Just a story as far as space
traveling is concerned.

  "To the Moon by Proxy” by J. Schlossel, October,
1928. Goddard Rocket.

 "Moon Men” by Frank Brueckel, November,
1928. Stay with it Frank. At least you have
tried to explain your method. But guess again.
"Centrifugal force” explains the action of a whirl-
pool.

  "Flight to Venus” by Edwin K. Sloat, December,
1928. Goddard Rocket.

 "Memos” by Henry James, February, 1929. God-
dard Rocket.

 "The Second Swarm” by J. Schlossel. Quar-
terly, Vol. 1, No. 2. A big story full of guess
work with some possibilities but no method of
travel that even looks possible.

  “The Gravity King” by Clelland J. Ball. Quar-
terly, Vol. 1, No. 4. The right idea but no at-
tempt at details. Do a little studying C. J. You
can’t make a scientific story without "science.”

 “Ralph 124 C 41+” by Hugo Gernsback, Quar-
terly, Vol. 2, No. 1. A good story full of science
and at that, science that will very probably become
reality in the future. But how about the gyro-
scopic principle for overcoming gravity? The prin;
ciple of the gyroscope is one of opposition to rotary
motion and not to movement of the machine as a
whole. This cannot be used to overcome gravity.

  So much for those who write better interplanetary
stories than I can even imagine. My analysis is
only to find something which might lead to a
practical application. All the methods suggested
look like so many mirages to me, with the excep-
tion of the Goddard Rocket, and even the scien-
tists admit that it is not practical in its present
state due to the lack of a sufficiently powerful
explosive.

  Let’s conquer gravity first, then we can go to
any planet we wish to, large or small, with safety.
When we can eliminate gravity, so an object will
float in the air, no matter what its density, then
we will not need to worry about power.

 How is it to be done? Well, my guess is as
good as the next one. By the proper application
of electricity. Perhaps not the electricity' as we
know, but some form of what we call static elec-
tricity. What makes one’s hair stand on end
when he passes under a large belt that is statically
charged? You say static electricity. Its attract-
ive force overcomes gravity. When we can take
such a fact as this and reverse its action, perhaps
we may conquer gravity. It is worth thinking
about.

 I am cataloguing all possible methods and as
soon as I can get to them, I intend to try them out.

  If there is any one with me in this attempt I
will give them the result of my work.

  Give us all the interplanetary stories you can,
especially if they even hint at how it may be done.

                    Donald Tearle,

2676-77th Avenue, Oakland, California.

  (Interplanetary stories involve what seem to be
impossibilities. The distances are so great that
acceleration of such a high degree would be re-
quired to get the travelers in their vessel going
at adequate speed, but they would be almost crushed
and perhaps killed by the action of the acceleration
on their bodies. If Mr. Goddard had ever ven-
tured to go off in his rocket we doubt if he would
have been killed by the descent—we think the
acceleration would have taken care of that feature.
But many of our readers want these stories. They
have a nice touch of science about them, so that
we feel that it is our part to continue giving them
in our columns.—Editor.)

THE ASCENT OF A BALLOON AND
TIME TRAVELERS

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  It is certainly unnecessary for me to express
my enjoyment in reading your wonderful publi-
cation—although I do believe the magazine is
worthy of being printed on a better grade paper.

  Einstein’s theory of gravity has set me to think-
ing about gravity—I would like you to assist me,
if possible, with the little problem confronting
me. It does not refer to Einstein’s theory
directly.

  Gravity, I understand, has hitherto been ac-
cepted as being entirely separate from air pressure.
Am I not right?

  Newton said, "Why does it fall ?”—here’s a new
one—"Why does a ‘lighter than air' balloon go
up?”

  What has the air pressure to do with the gravity
not pulling the balloon down?”

  Yes, water floats objects that displace their
weight, but that is because the pressure of the
water is more than the pressure of the air, and
mainly because the pressure is from beneath the
object. But in the air—the pressure is from above
as well as from below.

  As an experiment—an object placed in a vacuum
is still attracted by gravity. Why then is not the
lighter than air balloon attracted the same way
when the air pressure outside the balloon presses
on all sides the same? Surely air pressure does
not hold the balloon up, for is it not pressed down
as much as up? Can it possibly be that the earth
pushes away a lighter than air object? But this
cannot be so—for when the balloon reaches a cer-
tain height, it rises no more. Please explain this
for me.

  In reference to your time stories: Suppose a
man, at 3 P. M. February 19th was sitting at his
table writing. Then, on some future date he
travels back through time to February 19th, 3 P. M.
He would meet himself, would he not? But on
February 19th at 3 P. M. if he did not meet him-
self, how in the world could he, at some future
date have come back through time then? Or, let’s
take the future. Suppose a man say in 1776 had
perfected a time machine and proceeded through
time and arrived here in 1929, and then, he re-
turned to 1776. Would that mean that at night
this very minute, in 1929, that same man is living,
in 1776? But how could that be when that man
is not living at this minute? Right this minute
he perhaps lies rotted to dust!

  I	hope I have made my points clear—they are
difficult to explain.
July, 1929

AMAZING STORIES

Him else

wants Quick Success

M

 [SPONSORED BY |

                                     Pick the job you
                                     want and fill it
                                     In nine months

                          FREE BOOK COUPON
                 RADIO INSTITUTE OF AMERICA Dept. EX-7 ^5
                 326 Broadway, New York, N. Y.

                            Gentlemen: Please send me your FREE 50-page book which
                            illustrates the brilliant opportunities in Radio and describes
                            your laboratory-method of guaranteed instruction at home.

                      Name

                            Address
376

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1929

 “Another $10 Raise!”

  “Why, that’s the third increase I’ve had in a year!
  It shows what special training will do for a man.”
  Every mail brings letters from some of the thou-
  sands of students of the International Correspondence
  Schools, telling of advancements won through spare-
  time study.

  How much longer are you going to wait before
  taking the step that is bound to bring you more
  money? Isn’t it better to start now than to wait for
  years and then realize what the delay has cost you?

  One hour after supper each night spent with the I. C. S.
  in your own home will prepare you for the position you
  want. Without cost, without obligation, mark and mail this
  coupon. Do U right noioI

  "inter natTonaT co rr esponTencT schools

“The Universal University"

Box 7143-E, Seronton, Penna.

  Without cost or obligation on my part, please send me
  e copy of your 48-page booklet. “Who Wins and Why/*
  and tell me how I can qualify for the position, or in the
  subject, More which 1 have marked an X:

TECHNICAL AND INDUSTRIAL COURSES

   § Architect
   Architectural Draftsman
   Building Foreman
   H Concrete Builder
   IContractor and Builder
   Structural Draftsman
   Structural Engineer
   Electrical Engineer
   Electrical Contractor
   Electric Wiring
   Electric Lighting
   Electric Car Running
   Telegraph Engineer
   Telephone Work
   Mechanical Engineer
   Mechanical Draftsman
   Machine Shop Practice
   Toolmaker
   Patternmaker
   Civil Engineer
   Surveying and Mapping
   Bridge Engineer
   J Gas Engine Operating

  I Automobile Work
  Aviation Engines
  1 Plumber and Steam Fitter
  Plumbing Inspector
  I Foreman Plumber
  Heating and Ventilation
  I Sheet-Metal Worker
  I Steam Engineer
  Marino Engineer
  Refrigeration Engineer
  |B. B. Positions
  Highway Engineer
  I Chemistry
  I Pharmacy

  Coal Mining Engineer
  I Navigation □ Assayer
  j Iron and Steel Worker
  {Textile Overseer or Supt.

  1 Cotton Manufacturing
  J Woolen Manufacturing
  1 Agriculture □ Fruit Growing
  1 Poultry Farming
  I Mathematics □ Badio

        BUSINESS TRAINING COURSES

 DBusiness Management QBusiness Correspondence
 D Industrial Management QShow Card and Sign

  □	Personnel Management
  L, Traffic Management

  □	Accounting and C. P. A. I
  . Coaching

  nCost Accounting

  □	Bookkeeping

  □	Secretarial Work

  □	Spanish □ French

  □	Salesmanship

  □	Advertising

Name..........................

  Street

    Lettering
 J Stenography and Typing
 J English
 J Civil Service
 3 Railway Mall Clerk
 DMall Carrier
 J Grade School Subjects
 jHigh School Subjects
 J Illustrating □ Cartooning
 D Lumber Dealer

 City...

 ..State...

Occupation..........................................................................—

If vou reside in Canada, send this coupon to the
International Correspondence 8ohools Canadian, Limited,
Montreal, Canada

     I’LL PAY YOU
     $20 A DAY

 To Show My Mystery Lighter to
 Men. What Makes It Light? All
 Guaranteed. Sample With Sales
 Plan 25c. Sample Gold or Silver Plated,
 $1.00. Agents write for proposition.

NEW METHOD MFG. CO.

 Desk A.S.-7	Bradford, Pa.

Learn ,            
-• A- .            
        °cfat HOME 
Make money taking pictures. Prepare quickly during
•pare time. Also earn while you learn. No experience
neoesaary. Mew easy method. Nothing else like It.
Send at once for free book, Opportunities in Modern
Photography, and full particulars.

 ««.i^»rsis,fiKcSMFPB0"BRS5a».ufcii.

   Do you welcome stories of new writers?

                   Mortan Brotman,

             2400 Presbury St., Baltimore, Md.

   (Gravity is entirely distinct from atmospheric
 pressure, but it is gravity which makes the at-
 mosphere press on all objects. The pressure which
 air exerts on any surface depends on the distance
 of that subject from the earth. As it is a fluid,
 it presses equally in all directions at the same
 levels. The top of a balloon is further from the
 earth than its bottom. The air presses up against
 the bottom of the balloon with more pressure
 than it exerts in a downward direction on the
 upper surface; therefore the balloon ascends. It
 is exactly the same as holds in the case of a float-
 ing body immersed in water, the water presses
 down upon the immersed object less than it presses
 upwards against it and hence the object rises. As
 the balloon rises the air becomes lighter so that
 after a while it reaches the place where it is in
 equilibrium. The air presses it up as it did be-
 fore, but the air is so light that it does not press
 it upward enough to make it rise any more. We
 admit cheerfully your objections to the possibility
 of man traveling in time without involving con-
 tradictions, but the topic does give good stories.

   We welcome stories by new writers.—Editor.)

SUGGESTION FOR THE FORMATION OF A
CORRESPONDENCE CLUB

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

   It seems to me that it would be a good plan if
 the readers of Amazing Stories would form a
 correspondence club.

   We often see letters in the “Discussions” col-
 umn which we would like to answer. Yet to send
 them to the magazine means at least a month’s
 wait. To carry on a debate or discussion by such
 means would be impractical since two months would
 elapse between question and answer.

   Now if several people took it into their heads
 to write to the author of one letter he would have
 some trouble answering all. I would suggest
 that the letters be numbered. Anyone desiring to
 answer one could then write to the editor for the
 address of the author. The editor would give this
 to the first three inquiring, let’s say. There would
 then be no danger of swamping one person.

   There seems to be a deal of discussion over the
 cover. This is a minor detail. Constant readers
 will not give up the magazine because of its outer
 appearance. Why do they raise such a flutter?

G. Joseph Griffin,

3215 North Fifth St., Philadelphia, Pa.

   (Whenever possible we give the full address of
 the writers and it is almost a hope with us that
 this 6ystem of giving the address will lead to
 private correspondence. Do not hesitate to write
 to these friends of ours, and we are sure they
 will be very pleased to get your letters.

   The cover of Amazing Stories may be con-
 sidered a minor detail, but we can assure you
 that a great deal of thought is lavished on it,
 and we are convinced that it would be poor policy
 to change the cover except by very slow degrees.
 We cannot afford to lose readers who are familiar
 with Amazing Stories.—Editor.)

  SOME WORDS FROM NEW ZEALAND

 Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I hope you will be pleased to hear from a reader
  at this long distance. Your magazine is attractive
  in cover and in the general thrilling nature of its
  yarns. The authors of the stories must have won-
  derful imaginations, something like the author of
  “The Swiss Family, Robinson.” Fourth dimension
  has one stumped. However, interludes help.

    Keep Amazing Stories in the press. They do
 not have to be scientific always to be true to the
 name of the magazine. Some yarns of Egypt would
 be welcome. Give the U. S. A. a rest if you want
 to keep foreign readers. Each story practically is
 in Yankee territory, with very few exceptions.

    With all your science, few stories give any idea
  of human clairvoyance, telepathy and theropeutical
  hypnotism. It is all mechanically done. Why?

    By the way, if the hero of the Skylark story
 really carried a pound of radium in his pocket, I
 pity him.

                 Tasman T. Lovell,
  c/o Y. M. C. A., Wellington, New Zealand.
  (Comments from the Antipodes are always very
  welcome. Madagascar, Africa, South America,
  The Arctic regions, the Antarctic regions have all
  figured in many of our stories, and certainly, the
  interplanetary stories have their scene in the most
  foreign kind of lands.

   A pound of radium would be a disagreeable
 pocket companion unless it were adequately
 shielded, and that of course would make it quite
 heavy. But perhaps the author forgot to tell us
 about the metal that lined that pocket.—Editor.)

 Aero

Mechanics

 the Greatest Maga-
   zine on Aviation
   Ever Published

 THE many ramifications of
 the aeronautical field that
 it covers can be better appre-
 ciated by a glance at a synopsis
 of its contents.

 SAMPLE CONTENTS IN BRIEF:

 Theory and Fundamental Principles
 of Flight.

 Stability—How an Aeroplane Flies.
 Complete Design, Construction and
 Assembly.

 Scale Drawings—Names of Parts.
 Flying Instructions—How to Be-
 come a Flyer.

 Motors—Latest Inventions—Instru-
 ments, Use and Function.

  Radio Installations.

  Gliders.

 Airports and Lighting.

 Glossary of Aeronautical Terms.
 The Aeroplane Mechanic.

 Model Making.

 Airplane Time Table.

 AERO MECHANICS, written
 by Augustus Post, is the most
 complete magazine of its kind
 ever published. It deals with
 every phase of aeronautical
 construction and operation, and
 its entire contents is edited by
 Mr. Post, who is one of the
 best known pioneers of avia-
 tion. Learn all about this great
 new field. Obtain your copy of
 AERO MECHANICS today.
 Over 100 pages. Fully illus-
 trated. Large 9 in. by 12 in.
 size.

THE <5© c COPY

 At All Newsstands, or Write Direct

  Experimenter Publications, Inc.
  381 Fourth Avenue, New York City

 Experimenter Publications, Inc.,

  381 Fourth Ave., New York City, N. Y.
  Gentlemen:

  Enclosed find 50c, for which please send
  me a copy of your remarkable new Aero
  Mechanics.

Name....................................................................

 Address ..............................................................

City.......................................... State....................
July, 1929

AMAZING STORIES

377

They Could Hardly Believe Their
Own Ears—When I Switched to
Ground Wave Reception!

    “It’s no use trying to listen in tonight,”
 said Bill as I took his hat. “Jane and I
 tried to get reception during dinner but all
 we got was static. It’s usually this way—
 just the night they broadcast Paul White-
 man's band or some other good program it’s
 spoiled by howls and fading."

    “Perhaps my set will do a little better,” I
 suggested. I had a surprise in store for him!

   He looked doubtful as I turned on the set
 switch. I had left my old aerial antenna
 attached on purpose and soon the room was
 filled with an ear-splitting excuse for music.
 Manipulation of the dials only served to
 make it worse. Occasionally it faded out
 altogether. Then the howls would start up
 again until my wife finally shouted, “Turn
 that thing off—it’s terrible.”

    Satisfied, I laughed and disconnecting the old
  aerial and ground wires I then attached the
  lead-in wires of my new underground antenna,
  which I had installed just before dinner. ‘‘Now
  listen!” I commanded.

THE THRILLING TEST

 As though by magic, the sweet high notes of
 violins and the stirring sobbing of saxophones
 brought Bill to his feet! Jane looked dumb-
 founded. The static was so greatly reduced that
 we hardly noticed it! We were getting one of
 the year’s best programs with scarcely any
 trouble on a wild, stormy night.

 “You see,” I explained later to Bill. “I
 buried my new underground aerial about two
 feet below the ground, where
 wind and storms can’t affect it
 so easily. They call this thing
 “Subwave-Aerial” and it’s in-
 sulated some way to keep out
 interference and noise. It’s
 combined with a scientific

 found, so I’m sure now that
 have the correct ground con-
 nection. All this isn't costing
 me any more than my old
 aerial antenna. And I’ll never
 need to touch it again. It’s
 guaranteed for 25 years.

 Hardly necessary to say
 that Bill went home with the
 name and address of the Sub-
 wave-Aerial manufacturers in
 his pocket.

Now YOU Can Test Subwave-Aerial FREE

SUBWAVE-AERiAL Gets DX

Installed 50 Feet From 60,000-
Volt Power Lino

  "On January 27, 1929, drove out
  near the Sanitary District power
  plant—stopped about 50 feet distant
  from 60,000-volt transmission line—
  dug a small hole, into which we
  dropped (he Subwave-Aerial, attach-
  ing the lead-in wires first to a 5-
  tube Freshman, then to a slngle-dlal
  Atwater Kent Model 35.

  "We got St. Paul, Minn., and
  Toronto, Can., loud and clear—not
  the slightest Interference from the
  60,000-volt power line 50 feet away.
  It was impossible to get reception
  with an overhead aerial under the
  same conditions.” Yours truly.

              F. Bennett Smith,
              Harry K. Jackson.

  The above story Illustrates the results for which the
  designers of Subwave-Aerial struggled for months. At
  last, enthusiastic reports such as this from Radio Ex-
  perts reproduced here, proved that they had succeeded. /

  Now you have a chance to prove the merits of this /
  great new radio development for yourself. Make	UNDERGROUND

  the thrilling test—It’s fun! And If you are not / aerial pRonnrT<*
  more than pleased, the test won’t cost you a ✓	1 rnuuuoia,

  cent. Be sure to send at once for all the -
  interesting details on the development of
  Subwave-Aerial. Use the coupon NOW! /

 UNDERGROUND
 AERIAL PRODUCTS,

   Suite 618, St. Clair Bldg.,

  Dept 827-K.W.	/

   St. Clair & Erie Sts., / A,Mre“
   Chicago, 111. ✓ city........

                 Suite 618, St. Clair Bldg.,
                 Dept. 827-K.W.,

                 St. Clair & Erie Sts..

      S Chicago, III.

      / Bush illustrated literature on the
      / new Subwave-Aerial and details of
      / your Free Test Offer.

   /

/ Name...................................

“INTO THE GREEN PRISM”

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I want to tender joint congratulations to you,
  your publication and to one of your authors, Mr.
  A. Hyatt Verrill.

    There have been very few issues of Amazing
  Stories which I have missed. There have been
  still fewer of its stories that have failed to give
  me more than pleasure in the reading, but the
  last story by Mr. Verrill, “Into the Green Prism,”
  has surpassed them all.

    In my humble opinion it is a masterpiece of
  literature in every respect. Its composition is
  impeccable. It is the acme of imagination tem-
  pered by a broad knowledge of varied subjects
  and, above all else, it is something that makes us
  stop and think. Most of us, in a vague sort
  of way, know that under the microscope, there
  are undreamed of wonders—wonders that have no
  place in our common, every day life except, as
  we occasionally think of “microbes” or “bacteria.”
  Mr. Verrill brings to us the thought: that which
  in its infinite wisdom was able to create every-
  thing. As we know it, the universe in its vast
  intricate system, its varied Flora and Fauna,
  from its most gigantic to its smallest microscopic
  size, may have been, for reasons or from causes
  unknown to us, created on a scale so vast or
  so minute as to be beyond the limits of human
  realization.”

    We are incapable of conceiving a race of human
  beings, our equals, physically and mentally,
  dwarfed to the size of those portrayed by Mr.
  Verrill. Still, is there anyone who, with authority,
  can say, “It is impossible!” Improbable, I grant.
  Still, when we say impossible we place ourselves
  on a higher creative plane than that which did
  create what is, as we know it.

    There is only one criticism I have to make to
  Mr. Verrill’s “Into the- Green Prism.” It is
  reminiscent of a story published several years ago
  entitled, “The Lady or the Tiger,” name of author
  forgotten.

    There is, I believe, in practically all of us,
  even the most mundane and prosaic, a streak of
  sentiment that causes us to rebel at an incom-
  plete romance, such as “The Lady or the Tiger,”
  or “Into the Green Prism.”

    Instead, we want to see the romance brought
  to a happy culmination. Therefore, I suggest
  Mr. Verrill, through Don Alfeo, will make dis-
  coveries that will enable us to know Ramon suc-
  ceeded in his attempt to join his Sumak Nusta.

    Failing in this, he leaves incomplete the play
  of human emotions he has so ably portrayed.

    It is like stopping in the middle of a stanza of
  exquisite sweet music. It leaves us waiting, ex-
  pectant for that which we know should follow but
  which somehow, we have lost.

    Again, my heartiest congratulations to Mr. Ver-
  rill. Keep it up.

    Regarding the controversy that has been raging
  in the “Discussions’ department, about the cover
  designs:

    Personally, it was this that first brought Amaz-
  ing Stories to my attention and caused me to
  purchase my first issue. And why not?

    Its stories are out of the ordinary. They are
  “Amazing” stories of things beyond the pale of
  every-day life, so why not have the cover con-
  form with the contents, “Amazing?”

    To change it, to make it drab and commonplace
  would be like putting a super—and priceless engine
  in the chassis and under the hood of a pile of
  junk, then expect people to marvel at something
  they could not see.

    Leave them as they are or if they tnust be
  changed, then make them more “Amazing.”

C. E. Foster,

    531 Riverside Avenue, Jacksonville, Florida.

    (We are very glad to publish your letter anent
  Mr. Verrill’s idyllic story about the little Manabi
  Indians. To be good, a story as a rule should
  picture distinctive characters, and Mr. Verrill cer-
  tainly gives us a good characterization of the two
  main actors. From beginning to end the story has
  atmosphere. Mr. Verrill is an explorer and is
  very familiar with jungle life in South America.

    You speak favorably, we are glad to see, of the
  name of our magazine, and of its cover. Amazing
  Stories has made a very great success and has
  a large circulation, and it would 1>e a very critical
  matter to change the name, which is now getting
  to be a household word among a large circle of
  readers. As regards the cover pages, our effort
  will be to make them at once, correct and artistic.
  Correctness is essential, for so much is in them that
  is scientific in the way of apparatus, and pre-
  historic plants and animals, and the present day
  features of the universe have also to be taken
  care of. “The Lady or the Tiger,” is about the
  most famous story of the humorous writer, Francis
  Richard Stockton, It appeared in 1884.—Editor.)

Please say

$5,ooo.oo Worth of Prizes

                                           I am going to give away, absolutely free* an 8 cyL Stude-
                                           baker Sedan to someone who answers this ad. It will be de-
                                           livered thru the nearest Studebaker dealer, or winner may
                                           have its full value In cash. $2,250.00. This offer is open to
                                           anyone in the U. S. outside of Chicago, and is backed by a
                                           Big Reliable Company, which has already given away thou*
                                           sands of dollars in cash and prizes to advertise its business.

                  a^| Solve This Puzzle

                                           There are many objects in the picture of the circus to the
                                           left. See if you can find 5 that start with the letter *'C.M
                                           When you do this, write them on a piece of paper together
                                           with your name and address and send it to me right away.

                          $550.00 Given for Promptness

I am also giving away a Chevrolet Sedan; Victrola; Shetland -Pony: Seven Tube Radio: Gold W’atches and many
other valuable prizes and Hundreds of Dollars in Cash, including $550.00’ for promptness. First prize winner
will receive the Studebaker Sedan and $550.00 cash, or $2,800.00 cash. In case of ties duplicate prizes will be
awarded. Find 5 objects in the picture above starting with the letter "C” and smd them to me right away with
your name and address plainly written. $5,000.00 worth of prizes. Everybody rewarded.

L. E. WILFERD, Mgr.	Dept. B-106,	315 South Peoria Street, Chicago, Illinois

you saw it in A MAZING STORIES_
378

AMAZING STORIES

July, 192?

 PHONO

Radio Consoles

 For Radio or Phono-Radio Combina-
 tion. A beautiful Walnut Cabinet with
 sliding doors of matched Butt Walnut.
 Ample space for Receiver, Speaker,
 and Phonograph equipment.

 A descriptive bulletin of new 1929]
 styles sent free on request.

 EXCELLO PRODUCTS CORPORATION

  4832 West 16th St., Cicero, Illinois

 Be a Popular Favorite
 Play the
 TENORBANJO

  Entertainyoar friends.Bepopu- I	Vt

  l»r. Play at dances, parties, etc. I WhCTlIOUEnroll |
  Earn extra money. Our 62-lesson *	■■■■■.■

  course will soon makeyou a real Tenor Banjoplayer.

  Simple Method Makes It Easy ^

  Even if you don't know a single note, you are sure
  to I earn by our simple, easy method. You study '

  Sare time—your lessons always before you,

  000 successful students.

       Pay as Tou Play

  Onrcoaree Is low In cost--only* few centas dsy.

  No claas to wait for. Start with small first pjy-i
  meat--then par while learning.

  Write lor Special Offer

  Sweet tened TEHOR BANJO and genuine Seal
  Grain Kabrlkold Gas*, valued at $18 to <20. GIVEN when yoa enroll.
  Write for hill information and special offer. A postal will do. ACTI
  FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY OF MUSIC, Inc.

  _ SthFI., WoolworthBidK. Dept. 24 New York
  Approved as a Correspondence School Under Ike Law of the Stale of
  New York.—Member National Home Study.Counci I

ACCfiMttNT

  Executive Ae coon tan ts and C. P. A. ’■ earn $3,000 to S10.000 a year
  Pnly 9.000Certified Public Account-
  for C P A	train yoa thoroly at home in spare time

        examination* or executive accounting positions. Previous
  wffiEw B*	lpd*r41,8	supervision of

  WimaanB. ^t^atanhoh. A.M., C. PA., anda large staff of C. P.
  Wri^	American Institute of Accoontants.

  Write tor free book. Accountancy, the Profeaaion that Pays. ‘ •

La5a,i£J5?te.!!?l?n University, Dept M«-H Chicago
The World a Largest Business Training institution

©A,

WITH To

  22 Cal. Blank

   utomatic

  Too need no license 01

   CART* self-defense. Keeps away V
   RIDGES tramps.frightens thieves	^

 F**EeE5S£s'g8B£1

   pensive automatic in construction.	II

   finish, appearance, durability; automatic magazine
   loading and .ejection of cartridges, instant and pow^
   erfal report. Guaranteed absolutely safo. Send no

______p / „ ^

THE MICROSCOPIC RAIN IN “INTO THE
GREEN PRISM.’* THE LORENTZ-
FITZGERALD CONTRACTION

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

   A chance purchase of Amazing Stories has
 made me much interested in the magazine. Cer-
 tainly when I saw its hair-raising title, I did not
 anticipate that it would give its readers much sci-
 entific knowledge. The reading of its pages proved
 my surmise to be incorrect, but made me think
 that it would be an advisable idea to change the
 name to “Scientifiction.” I think it was the bril-
 liant cover illustrations of Paul that first drew
 my attention to the magazine.

   May I say that some of your authors occa-
 sionally make grave mistakes? There is one which
 I have particularly noted in your April issue,
 where Mr. A. Hyatt Verrill, writing of the micro-
 scopic men made visible with the Green Prism,
 states that each molecule would appear to this
 race as a “great cloud.” He also states that the
 microscopic spray which bounces off the sand
 grains would fall upon them as a “gentle shower.”
 Now, in our own world, the volume of a drop of
 rain water is nearly infinitesimally small in com-
 parison with a great cloud in the heavens. It
 directly follows therefore, that if everything were
 proportionately smaller in the world of these
 dwarfed humans the drops of rain falling in their
 “streets” would be nearly infinitesimally small in
 comparison with the “great cloud” above them.
 When we consider that in this case the “great
 cloud” is but a molecule of water and that were
 it at all subdivided it would be decomposed into
 its hydrogen and oxygen atoms it is quite clear
 that rain could not fall upon the territory of these
 microscopic beings.

    Relative to the Lorentz-Fitzgerald *law of con-
  traction, would it not be possible that a persoi\
  traveling in a machine through space at an ex-
  tremely high speed would not notice any difference
  in his surroundings. Since, according to this
  law, objects in motion contract in the dimension
  coinciding with their path, I think it highly prob-
  able that this contraction would also apply pro-
  portionately to the fine network of nerves which
  makes up the retina of the eye. The altered fo-
  cussing thus obtained of distorted objects, might
  make the observer’s surroundings appear normal.

At present, I have no more to write, and con-
clude with best wishes for the future success of
Amazing Stories or shall I say “Scientifiction.”
Peter J. Martin,

44 Blessington Avenue, Dublin, Ireland.

    (We hope and are quite sure that you will cease
  filling the role of chance purchaser, and that you
  will be one of our regular readers. Amazing
  Stories has made a great reputation under its
  title and with its distinctive cover pages, and it
  would be a delicate matter to change either feature.
  It is hardly fair to say, as you do, that a drop of
  rain water is infinitesimally small in comparison
  with the great cloud in the heavens. In many
  cases, where the cloud is big enough, your remark
  might apply. But it takes an astonishingly small
  quantity of water to make a cloud.

   It seems to us that Mr. Verrill took no more
 than quite pardonable license in his treatment of
 the rain showers in the Manabi land.

   We may have more to say in these columns on
 the Lorentz-Fitzgerald contraction. But it is hard
 to say what would happen if one were to travel
 so fast as to be subjected to an appreciable ex-
 tent to this contraction.—Editor.)

A FAMILY STRIFE TO GET AMAZING
STORIES

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    We are enjoying the Amazing Stories magazine
  in our home, but I am very sorry to say that I
  have one complaint to make.

    This home and fireside has always been a very
  peaceful place, but of late there have been daily
  stampedes and raids to gain possession of Amazing
  Stories magazine, and drastic action is being
  taken to preserve peace. There are 110 casualties
  to date.

    We seem to derive a lot of scientific and histori-
  cal facts from the book, and also we seem to re-
  member these facts because their origin and use-
  fulness are pictured to us in logical form.

    Matured people are, I find, 110 different than
  little children. Connect certain facts by a story
  or apply them by a demonstration, associate them
  to common objects, and they remain with you
  forever.

    You are a busy man so without further com-
  plaints, I will close wishing you health and success
  in your work.

Wesley J. Penny,

1168 Clinton Avenue North,
Rochester, New York,

:w low prices

^foOD	°* H E fi

\T«st0 “ * • T115 F <:

 AHD

 other
 It RES

  J Lowest Prices in History t

         This big company, because of its immense
         buying power, will supply you with recon-
         structed standard make tirae at theee an*

   ’" beard of low prlces-whole year's service guar*
   anteed. Thousands of satisfied customers reorder
   fear after rear.

Emmmms*

                  REGULAR CORD PRICES
         Dealers Sire Tfres Tub

 12 'I Wanted 80x8 >2.20 fi.„

 • m* ^ wvanxeo 8Qx8 ^ 2 ^ „

31x4

34x4
32x4 U
33x4 m
34X4H

30x5

 1.16

SI SRJ81

Send only Sl.oo'dej

 __. _ ..dered. balance C

 5*. Tou are guaranteed a y<

$1. OO deposit with each tire

                ______—-jeC.O.D, If you send cash in full.

  _____J 9%. Tou are guaranteed a year’s service or replacement]

  at half price. MIDLAND TIRE AND RUBBER COMPANY
  Dept. |f4, lOOO Wait Sixty-third St., Chicago, III.

 -Don’t Fall to Read!-

 “Outside the Universe**
     By Edmond Hamilton
     IN THE JULY ISSUE OF)

   VfeMlfafcg

« VhsitnimllmiiK *

  The most imaginative and daring interplanetary
  .story ever written—a colossal narrative about outer
  space— three universes at death grips—an as-
  founding weird-scientific story that fairly takes
  the reader’s breath away. Lovers of scientific
  fiction cannot afford to miss this superb imagina-
  tive tale. Don't miss the thrilling sweep of this
  amazing narrative. July issue on sale at all lead-
  ing newsstands June 1st, or mail 25c. to WEIRD
  TALES, 840 N. Michigan Ave., Chicago, III.

NEW YEAR-NEW IDEA
: PATENT YOUR IDEAS

Call or send me a sketch of

I your invention. Phone LONgacre 3088

 1--—'p Inventors Recording Blank

Confidential Advice
U. S. and Foreign Patents secured by

 [2.H.P0LACHEK

Consult. Engineer^

11234 Broadway, NewYorkMH

AVIATION i? u 1? 17
Information JT Mil Mil

  Send ue your name and address for fell Information regarding the
  Aviation and Airplane business, rind out about the many great
  opportunities now open and how we prepare you at home, during
  spar* time, to quellty. Our new book "Opportunities In the Air*
  plane Industry" alsesent free W you answer at once.

       AMERICAN SCHOOL OF AVIATION
 Dept. 142B 3601 Michigan Ave.	CHICAG9

WALTER P. CHRYSLER SAYS
OF COLLEGE EDUCATION!

   Do you believe that a college edu-
 cation is nothing more or less than
 additional equipment with which to
 tackle the problems of life?

   Do you believe that a poor boy has
 a great advantage over the boy of
 wealthy heritage?

   If not, then you are not in accord
 with the opinion of Walter P. Chrysler,
 the President of Chrysler Motors. Mr.
 Chrysler got his education from text-
 books, from magazines, and even from
 pictures in mail order catalogs. As
 a consequence, what he has to say on
 the subject of the value of a college
 education is worthy of more than
 passing consideration.

    If you would like to read his view-
 points, get a copy of SCIENCE AND
 INVENTION Magazine from your
 newsdealer today.

Experimenter Publications, Inc.
381 Fourth Avenue New York City
July, 1929

AMAZING STORIES

379

[The NEW, QUICK WAY
    TO ABETTER JOB IN

ELECTRICITY

   New Way
   Is Far Easier

  r "I finished Reel Lesson No. 8
  today and certainly can un-
  derstand now why you claim
  your course is so easy to learn
  because of its simplicity and
  clearness. The films make it
  easy to grasp any point."
  E.A.B., Brooklyn, N.Y.

 Now you learn from motion pictures, instead of books.

 It’s the new, modern way of teaching quicker, better-thoroughly.
 Right in your home, in your spare time you see all electrical machin*
 ery in operation, you see animated diagrams, you master Electricity *
 completely, ready to step into a ‘'Big Pay” Electrical job, earning $60 f
 to $150 or more per week. You get a $75 DeVry Motion Picture > j
 Projector to keep at no extra cost. Thousands of feet of film are V& 1
 furnished. We help you get the job you want. We pledge to give f
 you the training ana employment service necessary to get the r
 right job and the right pay, or you need not pay a cent. /£ J

Write for FREE BOOK

 Send immediately for the new FREE Book, "The
 Film Way to Bigger Pay, ” that tells you how we use r & t$' && 7 /
 movies to teach you m spare time at home for a
 big pay job. Act quickly, mail coupon TODA Yl

Take the Film Way to Bigger Pajy

PLENTY
OF SPEED

 tr DU ■ &U/IU UII%L<9

   At las^a rea 1 automobile for young folks. A rea 1 classy. electric
   roadster that has plenty of speed and will do most anything a
   big car can. Strongly built—klaxon horn—electric lights, good
   brakes, etc. Nothing to get out of order. Just the auto you
   have been waiting for. Nothing else like It. You can be the
   idolof your town with a Red Bug Racer.

    FREE TO BOYS AND GIRLS
 I am going togive away ABSOLUTELY FREE a limited num-
 ber of RED BUG RACERS to boys and girla who write me
 quick. Not one cent of your own money is required. Just a
 little spare time before or after school. Write me TODAY—
 NOW. Just say,‘*1 want a RED BUG RACER.”

BED BUG BOY, Box 1067, Bata via, niinoi*

Money Making Opportunities

 Gold Mine for Agents! Marvel Da-
 mask 8talnle8STablecloth. Agents make

 I’ll Start You Without a Dollar.

 You’ll make $85 weekly, taking orders
 for finest shirts, ties. Free Outfit. Dept.
 P.C.7. RosecII ff. 1237 Broadway, N.Y.
 Aaentscarn bigmoncy takingorders
 beautiful Dress Goods, Bilks. Wash
 Fabrics, Hosiery, Fancy Goods. 1000
 samples furnished. National Importing
 Co.. Dept. T89. 573 Broadway. N. Y.
 Hotels Need Trained Executives—
 Nationwide demand for trained men
 and women; experience unnecessary. We
 train you by mall and putyou in touch
 with big opportunities. Write for par-
 ticulars. Lewis Hotel Training Schools,
 Room BO-W037, Washington, D. C

 Women make $5 hourly. Lingerie

  “V" chain prevents shoulder 6traps
  slipping. Every woman buys. No ex-

  Brience needed. Your own chain Free,
  ngerie “V” Co.. 5 Rogers St., North
  Windham. Conn.

  Withoutonecent Investment make
  $65.00 every week selling finest work
  “its made. Every manbuys 3 pair
  — ■“*'	wear

ork.

 wk.w utiji nvvo ocuiug uiinui

 pants made. Every man buys 3 pa
 for $5.50. Outfit Free. C. Longwet
 Trousers. 489 Broome St.. New Yorl

 Big Pay Daily Taking Orders for

 Dress A Work Shirts. Pants. Overalls.
 Sweaters, Underwear, Hosiery. Play-
 BUltsI Outfit free! Nimrod Co.. Dept.
 85, 4922-28 Lincoln Ave., Chicago.

________________Agentemake ■

 $5.00 hourly. Cash bonus. Free Sample
 Walton. 255-A Church St.. New York.
 Agents wanted to Introducefreelath-

 ering soap and distribute samples. Si .25
 anhoureasy. Particulars free. Albert
 Mills, 3784 Monmouth. Cincinnati. 0.
 W’t’d immediately. Men-Wbrnen.
 18-55, qualify for Gov*t. Jobs; $125-5250
 mth. Paid vacations. Thousands need-
 ed. Instruction Bureau. 137. St. Louis.

 $10 Daily—Guaranteed Shirts and

 Ties. Lowest prices. Cash commissions,
 extra bonus. Outfits free. Crew mana-
 gers write. Parmode, St. Louis.

AN ENGLISH READER TELLS OF CHANGES

IN ENGLISH BUSINESS METHODS. THE
“AVERAGE ENGLISHMAN” AND
“JOHN CITIZEN.”

      Editor, Amazing Stories:

       I wonder what you honestly think in your office
       of the average “Englishman.” I know I am tread-
       ing on Holy Ground but as one who has not yet
       had the opportunity to visit the land where abilities
       are more readily absorbed, I have often wondered
       if it is true that “John Citizen” is considered
       so green after all.

       What I do like you all for over there, is your
       aggressive attitude, especially in the business sense.
       We are slow to commence a new venture or to air
       a new thought.

       Although H. G. Wells just suits your world of
       readers, believe me, he had a h— of a time getting
       popular here. In fact, he always was regarded
       as either a vain idealist or a crank, but people
       generally are beginning to realize that what ap-
       peared cranky and crazy a few years ago are
       established habits and facts to-day.

      We English will never admit it, but never-
      theless we arc becoming more Americanized every
      day. Our stores are mechanized and perfect in
      service and salesmanship. Business is beginning
      this last few years to develop into an exact
      scientific art.

       And I’m sure we are glad of it, in spite of all
       the grumbles (which is our only privilege). Who
       would go back to the old order of travel, or huckster
       type of shop? The world is cleaner, much more
       comfortable and happier, I’m sure. If not, then
       it’s the people’s own thoughts in the wrong channel.

      I have had every number of Amazing Stories,
      including the Annual, Winter and Spring issues,
      but I admit I only commenced reading six months
      ago. Still, it’s sufficient to add that after reading
      the one number, I ordered all the back numbers.

       I now am always greedy for the next issue.

       Why don’t you publish one in England in addi-
       tion or at any rate, advertise it in our newspapers?
       It’s marvelous; the people I mention Amazing
       Stories to, think I’m joking and never heard of it.

      If any of your readers would like any photo-
      postcards of London or any historical part of the
      old country, I will be delighted to send some in ex-
      change for interesting cards of New York, and
      other parts of U. S. A.

      By the way, the Channel Tunnel from England
      to France will be fact soon. They have already
      completed plans and are commencing shortly.

      Every success for Amazing Stories. May it
      grow bigger—cannot be better surely.

H. Pedley,

138 Sutherland Terrace, Maida Vale,
London, England.

      (You start your letter, which we find very
      interesting, by expressing wonder. So, in response
      to your wondering, we will say that we highly
      approve of the average Englishman, and we know
      one average Englishman or rather know of him,
      and we would be pleased to hear that he had
      visited our country—and that is yourself. The
      Democratic party of old times had for its slogan,
      the motto that the best governed country is the
      least governed. But that, unhappily, is no longer
      the case. Laws and statutes cannot suppress the
      crime that is so rampant here, where we are over-
      governed in the opinion of many.

      England started the building of tunnels under
      water by the famous Thames Tunnel, going back
      to the middle of the last century. And now she
      has the Mersey Tunnel, crossing the river from
      Liverpool. In this city we have a number of
      tunnels. The Pennsylvania Tunnel starts under-
      ground in New Jersey about a mile back from the
      Hudson River, and then goes under the Hudson,
      under the city of New York and under the East
      River, coming out on Long Island. It is a tunnel
      whose length few people realize. Certainly it
      would be very interesting, to say the least, to be
      able to go from England to France without getting
      seasick. The tunnel in question is described and
      * »' illustrated in Science and Invention—Editor.)

Please say

Travel on
“Uncle Sam's” Payroll
RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS
MAIL CARRIERS

$1700 to $3400 Year

Many U.S. Govsrnment Jobs Obtainable

MEN-W0MEN, 17 UP SHO,,,N,i?.FMn,AT^,PON

Steady Work No Layoff» Paid Vacation•

you s a iv it in AMAZING

 COUPON	S* franklin institute

         f Oept. TI78, Rochester, N. Y.
         V Sirs: Rush to me, WITHOUT
         ✓ CHARGE, FREE 32-page book with
         f list of U. S. Government positions open
         f to men and women, and full particulars
         f telling how to get them.

...........................................

* Address..............................................

STORIES

   (Your tale about Amazing Stories in the home
 is quite graphic, and we strongly suspect that
 there are other homes like ydurs. The real solu-
 tion to the trouble might be to buy several copies,
 but of course we couldn’t ask for that. If you
 knew how we give our best efforts to the selection
 of stories and how carefully they are edited from
 the standpoint of history, literature and all branches
 of science, you would find an explanation for the
 next to the last paragraph of your very interesting
 letter. Such an appreciation as yours operates to
 inspire the editors, and we certainly thank you for
 your present communication.—Editor.)
380

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1929

* Prices Slashed/

Order

  Today!

OFFER MAY BE WITHDRAWN
IM THIRTY DAYS

Favorite Magazines

at 8

Special Summer Bargain Prices

ORDER NOW AND SAVE MONEY!

Here are the popular magazines that live Americans are all reading and talking about, fhey are offered to
you at these special summer bargain prices in order to keep our clerical force busy during our slow season.
Take advantageg of this situation and benefit by these generous savings by ordering subscriptions for these

favorite magazines now.

          SCIENCE AND INVENTION 1         Both You 
with PLAIN TALK                    \ for only save 
Single copy value.........57.20 J      $5.00 $2.20 
OFFER No. 2                       1 Both You       
SCIENCE AND INVENTION 1           \ for only save  
with RADIO NEWS                   | $4.00 $2.00    
Single copy value.........$6.00                    
OFFER No. 3                       1 Beth You       
SCIENCE AND INVENTION             [ for only save  
with AMAZING STORIES              I $4.00 $2.00    
Single copy value.........$6.00 .                  
OFFER No. 4                       I Both You       
SCIENCE AND INVENTION 1           (■ for only save 
with COMPLETE NOVEL               I $4.00 $2.00    
Single copy value.........$6.00 J                  
OFFER No. 5                       1 Both You       
SCIENCE AND INVENTION 1           [ for only save  
With DETECTIVE NOVEL              1 $4.00 $2.00    
Single copy value.........$6.00 J                  
OFFER No. 6                       t Both You       
SCIENCE AND INVENTION 1           I- for only save 
With SCREEN BOOK                  1 $4.00 $2.00    
Single copy value.........$6.00 J                  
                      OFFER No. 7       1 Both You 
PLAIN TALK                           for only save 
with RADIO NEWS                      1 $5.00 $2.20 
Single copy value.........$7.20 J                  
OFFER No. 8                       I Both You       
PLAIN TALK 1                      ► for only save  
with SCREEN BOOK                  1 $5.00 $2.20    
Single copy value.........$7.20 J                  
OFFER No. 9                               Both You 
PLAIN TALK 1                      f- for only save 
with COMPLETE NOVEL                    $5.00 $2.20 
Single copy value.........$7.20 J       1 Both You 
OFFER No. 10                       \ for only save 
PLAIN TALK 1                           $5.00 $2.20 
with DETECTIVE NOVEL                               
Single copy value.........$7.20 J                  
SPECIAL TWO-YEAR OFFERS

OFFER No. 11                                 OFFER No. 16                                  
SCIENCE AND 1                                COMPLETE NOVEL f 2 years for You save         
INVENTION \ 2 years for You save             Single copy value.. .$6.00 J only $4.00 $2.00 
OFFER No. 17                                  
OFFER No. 12                                 
RADIO NEWS ) 2 years for You save            
OFFER No. 18                                  
AMAZING STORIES 1                             
(Quarterly) \2 years for You save             
Single copy value...$4.00 J only$3.00 $1.00   
                                              
                                              
OFFER No. 14                                 OFFER No. 19                                  
PLAIN TALK 1 2 years for You save            YOUR BODY (Quarterly) \ 2 years for You save  
Single copy value...$8.40 J only$6.00 $2.40  Single copy value...$4.00 j only $3.00 $1.00  
OFFER No. 15                                 OFFER No. 20                                  
SCREEN BOOK \ 2 years for You save           AERO MECHANICS ) 2 years for You save         
Single copy value...$6.00 ) only $4.00 $2.00 Single copy value...$6.00 J only $4.00 $2.00  
 Th<» low nrices for these attractive magazine combinations will be withdrawn without notice,
 protect yourself on these big savings and send your subscription order at once on order form below.
 CLIP HERE AND MAIL PROMPTLY

THE EXPERIMENTER COMPANY,	Dept' As-Jy*

381 Fourth Avenue, New York City.

 Gentlemen: Please enter my order at the special summer bargain prices offered and enclosed find
 5...,.............for the following magazine subscriptions. (Order by number as listed.)

Send offers Nos..................................... Send offers Nos-

To

To

Address .............................................. Address ....................................

City............................... State............ City................................ State.

Subscriptions will be accepted for United States and possessions only.
July, 1929

AMAZING STORIES

381

EE "ft?TUBE.
PRKE TIRES

 Heavy Duty Tube I
 a Free With Each I
 ar tor Tw Tlr— *«

10-Months Service Guaranteed

1445 South Michigan Avenue. Chicago, IN.

Home-Study

 Business Training

  Your opportunity will never be bigger than your
  preparation. Prepare now and reap the rewards of
  early »uccea8. Free 64-Page Book* Tell How. Writ*
  NOW for book you want, or mail coupon with your
  name, present position and address in margin today.
  □ Higher Accountancy □Business Correspondence
  □Credit and Collection
  Correspondence

                        □	Modern Foremanahip

                        □	Personnel Management

                        □	Expert Bookkeeping
                        □C. P. A. Coaching

   □	Modern Salesmanship
   □Traffic Management

   □	Railway Station
   Management

   □Law: Degree of LL*B«

 □	Commercial Law	_

   □	industrial Management □Business English

   □	Bonking and Finance □Commercial Spanish

   □	Telegraphy	□ Effective Speaking

   □	Busineea Management □ Stenotypy—Stenography
   LaSalle Extension Universityt Deft 7464-R, Chicago

 MONEY FOR YOU

   'Men or women can earn $15 to $25 weekly
   in spare time at home making display cards.

   IJght. pleasant work.a No canvassing. Wo
   instruct you and supply yon with work.
   Wnte to-day for full particulars.

  The MENHENITT COMPANY Limited
  _248 Dominion Bld*.,Toronto, Can.

 1 Positively Guarantee

  to Increase your arms one-half Inch
  In size, chest one full inch, strength
  257ot health. 100% In one week’s
  time, by following my Instructions
  and using my exerciser 10 minutes
  mornings and at night. Send 91 for
  complete course and exercisers. Sat-
  isfaction guaranteed or $1 refunded.

     PROF. J. A. DRYER
 Box 1850-F	Chicago. IU.

 Surveying at Home

 Thousands needed for subor-
 dinate positions on surrey
 parties by Federal, State and
 City governments. Learn this
 interesting work by home
 etudy in 6 months. Complete
 tuition fee $25. Pay only $10

______________on enrolling.

 The Civil Engineering Inst.,World Bldf., Park Row, N.Y.C.

7/MtBOOKiOf

  Amaze and Mystify Your Friends!

  Earn money at Clubs and Parties.
  No skill required. It's easy. "The
  Book of 1000 Wonders” tells how and
  teaches you many startling tricks of
  Magic. Also contains a complete
  catalog. Send 10c. today.

        LYLE DOUGLAS
 Station A-9	Dallas, Texas

     Let HARRY RESERgiveYOU
> BANJO	at home

         THE greatleader of the celebrated Clicquot Ciab
         Eskimos will give you an amazingly simplo. yet
         tfaoroogh Banjo Coarse by mail at a cost that 19
         ridiculously low. Any one of ordinary intelligence,
         with or without mutucal talent, can 1 oarn this fas-
         cinating instrument in a few spare hoars.

 Send Ho Money-Just write for booklet deacribin* Coarse
 and Harr j R*»er Special Banjo*. HARRY RESER 3
 International Banjo Studio r- 148 W. 46th St. New Yoi* City

A CRITICISM OF THE SIXTH GLACIER.

THE FOURTH DIMENSION AND
PSYCHICAL THINGS

  Editor, Amazing SToaiEs:

   Being a reader of Amazing Stories as long as
 I'm on this side, I find it time to put my oar into
 the discussion.

   First about the covers. Why do they have to
 be so lurid and screaming? Can’t you tone them
 down a bit so one needn’t be ashamed any more
 when acquaintances ask the eternal question;

 How, by all that’s -- can an intelligent chap

 like you read such lurid stuff? Really I get
 tired trying to convince my friends that Amazing
 Stories is not just cheap fiction as appearances
 are too much against it. The drawing as a rule
 is not so bad, but the color is awful. The stories
 as found in your magazine are on a high average.
 In every magazine one finds a story once in a
 while that’s punk. Besides, tastes differ. The
 worst I’ve found in Amazing Stories in a long
 while is that "Sixth Glacier” by Marius. That
 fellow took too many liberties with physical laws.
 For instance: A glacier is formed through pre-
 cipitation, so it can only grow according to the
 rain or snowfall. Then it travels in relation to
 its growth, which can never be more than a few
 yards a day. So express train speed js impossible.
 Furthermore: Such an ice cap would have to
 come out of the oceans and ice caps such as he
 describes would just about have dried up all
 the oceans. Which disposes of his shipping
 projects. Then, even if the people could have
 utilized all the remaining power resources to
 melt the ice, it would have taken them centuries
 to make an impression.

    About interplanetary travel: Do you know that
  there is an old saga which says that long ago,
  when humanity was still young, a space ship came
  to earth in a blinding flash and a terrible roar.
  That it brought far advanced people who ruled and
  taught the young humanity. That they brought
  wheat, banauas and bees from their planet and
  that for several centuries there was quite a traffic
  between Venus and Earth. That, as soon as they
  had established a school and trained a staff of
  rulers and teachers, the bulk of them went back
  to Venus for good and that only four of them
  remained and became the real rulers of this
  earth.

   Another thing. Why do you always knock the
 so-called psychical? Anybody that ever has had
 a real psychic or superphysical experience and is
 honest, can not deny that there is such a thing
 as a superphysical existence.

   About the much discussed fourth dimension:
 One aspect of it may be time. Some curious
 actions that their perpetrators claim to do through
 the employment of the fourth dimension, are put-
 ting solids through solids or converting right-
 handed things into left-handed or vice versa, or
 turning things inside out, like a bowl, so that
 what was inside, later is outside.

   It may be possible to do all such things by
 moving them back iu time until they are brought
 back to the stage in which they existed only as
 an idea, turning them round there and bringing
 them back. This might become possible iu such
 a short time that nobody could notice the actual
 happening. Some funny things do happen. I,
 for instance, had a man vanish in plain daylight
 in a fraction of a second on a street in the middle
 of a big town under conditions that made any
 escape, except through a two inch pipe, impossible.
 Besides I had plenty of disinterested witnesses.
 Without something like a fourth dimension, ex-
 planation of such happenings are impossible.

                   Frederick G. Hebr,

          321 East 50th Street, New York City.

    (Your letter is so descriptive that much of it
  requires 110 answer.

    The editors find that stories criticized very un-
  favorably by some are greatly admired by others.
  The best we can do is to strike a good average
  and we hope we’ve succeeded.

    It is impossible to say what the glaciers did in
  the glacial age. The few, comparatively speaking,
  now in existence travel very slowly. But who can
  tell what they did a hundred thousand years ago.
  What they might do in the future is unknown.

   The legend about traffic between Venus and
 Earth, of which you tell us, is curiously like
 several of our interplanetary stories. We wonder
 who the four ruliug Venerians on this earth were?

   Science and Invention, one of our magazines,
 gives a great deal of attention to psychic subjects,
 and we would recommend you to its columns for
 the treatment of these matters. We do not believe
 that your vanishing man went through a two-inch
 pipe. Even the fourth dimension could hardly
 explain it.—Editor.)

Now ComesThe
New Shorthand

 FOR years there
 has been a cry-
 ing need for a really ,
 modern, scientific
 shorthand that '
 co u 1 d be written
 RAPIDLY — that

 would be more

ACCURATE
—more PRACTICAL and could
be learned more EASILY and
QUICKLY than ordinary shorthand.
Now at last it is here—the new short-
hand. Business and professional men
and women everywhere have hailed it
with enthusiasm. Experienced stenog-
raphers as well as beginners are
adopting it.

 Right this minute you know the funda-
 mentals of this amazing new method—you
 use the same “A-B-C’s” as you do in your
 daily speech. No need to spend long, tedi-
 ous months memorizing a “foreign lan-
 guage” of dots and dashes, hooks and
 curves. You start using Speedwriting in a
 few hours and in a few weeks you can
 acquire all the speed and proficiency neces-
 sary for practical work.

 Learn SPEEDWRITING in
 1	a few hours

 One Speedwriter, Dorothy Marion Ringer,
 says: “I began writing shorthand after
 studying SPEEDWRITING only four
 hours. I am employed as secretary and
 find no difficulty in taking dictation as fast
 as it is given to me.”

  Speedwriting was originated by Miss E. B.
  Dearborn, who has taught practically all
  systems for eighteen years in such institu-
  tions as Columbia University, Rochester
  Business Institute, Simmons College and
  the University of California.

Details FREE

  L^t us tell you more about Speedwriting—
  wny experienced stenographers and begin-
  ners alike are adopting it—how both
  executives and students everywhere are in-
  creasing their efficiency through its use.
  Send for the Free Booklet NOW—it shows
  what Speedwriting can do for YOU!

SPEEDWRITING,

INC.

     Dept. BK-4034
 200 Madison Ave.
 New York - N.Y.

 Send For Free Booh

 1	SPEEDWRITING. I.e., Dept BK-4034.

  |	200 Madison Ave.. New York. N. Y.

  j	Without obligation on my part, please send me I

  ■	your FREE Booklet and details about Speed- <

  I	writing, The Natural Shorthand.

 □ Speedwriting

State..........

Q Speedtyplng
382

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1929

MYSTICAL LAWS
OFJJFE!

REVEAL ASTOUNDING
INNER POWERS

 How much have you used your subjective
 partner? There are TWO of you—one the
 PHYSICAL, material side—the other, the
 INNER, PSYCHIC SELF. If you are ope
 of the thousands who are searching for a
 way and a means of attaining PROS-
 PERITY, HEALTH and HAPPINESS,
 why not release that great force within,
 use that dormant self?

 The Rosicrucian Brotherhood, a world-
 wide movement, has taught thousands of
 men and women how to use the simple,
 dignified occult principles in developing
 their latent powers. A few minutes a day
 devoted to the reading of these principles
 will reveal startling facts to YOU. If

  Jou are sincere in your desire to MASTER
  IFE, this is the key.

 Free Book Tells Story

 An interesting book called “THE LIGHT
 OF EGYPT” will be sent free, without
 obligation, to those who are seeking to
 become a success in life. This book will
 be mailed, postpaid, to those who write a
 letter (not a postcard) requesting it.
 Address:

Librarian A.Z.
ROSICRUCIAN ORDER

(Amorc)

San Jose	Calif.

 High School
 Course in
 2 Years.

 fThis simplified, complete High School
 Course—specially prepared for home study
 by leading professors—meets all require-
 ments for entrance to college, business, and
 AA AffttfsP leading professions.

Uinei Over 200 noted Engineers, But*

Courses

 your inclinations may be, you can'
 *B succeed without specialised training!
 tugive jroo the practical training you n<

     American School

      Pnxit Av..& 5Sth str.At
      OcBt.HB-SJ Chicago

 Money Back When You finish If Not Satisfied

 Amarlcafl School, Dept. HB-53 Drexsl Am. and 58 th SL, Chlcigo

                         on the subject checked and
                         auccoaa In that llna.

                         ......Baetrlcal Engineer

                        ......Ganeral Education

 Sand me full Information
 how you will help mo win

 ......Architect

 ......Building Contractor

 ......Automobile Engineer

 ......Civil Engineer 4

 ......Structural Engineer

 ......Buaineaa Manager

 ^.C. P. A. * Auditor
 ......Bookkeeper

 ^.Draftsman * Designer

......Mach. Shop Practice

 v !......Mechanical Engineer

......S*«am Engineer

......Sanitary 4k Heating

......Surveyor A Mapping

......High Icliil Graduate

 ■Mm

FREE BOOK TELLS HOW

     You can quickly qualify for po-
     sitions paying (50 to $250 a
     week in Motion Picture, Com-
     mercial or News Photography
     and Projection, or start your own
     business. No experience needed.

     Camera or Projector Given
     Learn at homo or In our great
     New York Studios. Write for
     Big Free Book of amazing op-
     portunities. Job Chart and
     Camera or projector offer.

  N. Y. Institute of Photography
  Dept 103, 10 W. 33rd St, New York

THE PLANET JUPITER-IS IT INHABITED?

  Editor, Amazing Stories:

    I have bought copies of Amazing Stories regu-
  larly since the appearance of the first instalment
  of “Station X,” some three years ago. That was
  the first time I read your magazine. And I may
  say that the cover design and the title attracted
  my attention. I am a veteran of the Spanish*
  American (Phillipine insurrection phase) war,
  peace time Regular Army service in the Coast
  Artillery, and the World War, with service over-
  seas. Living a very active life from the time I
  first entered the army, and being one of the many
  humble actors in two momentous dramas, and see-
  ing so many of our old time ideas and traditions
  shattered, I found food for much thought along
  lines that never occurred to me before. I found
  life rather dull at times, after leaving the army,
  and so, I was searching the newsstands for some-
  thing interesting to read, and saw the copy of
  Amazing Stories. Trash, I thought, but I bought
  the copy, and well, I think the opening lines of
  this letter contains more praise than I could write
  if I tried ever so hard.

    I find the discussion columns interesting, as
  well as the stories, and while I have not the ability
  to write learnedly, I am prompted to write to
  you after having read your editorial, “Life, The
  Amazing Puzzle,” in the February issue. I am
  not questioning your sayings, nor commenting on
  the editorial. I am merely trying to sit at your
  feet and learn.

    I find great interest in contemplating our sister
  planets, in my mind’s eye, and any stories about
  them captures my attention. Some of the inter-
  planetary stories I think good, while others are
  not so good, but that is beside the point I wish
  to write about.

   Among other things in the editorial, you say
 Jupiter, by far the largest planet, is still in a
 plastic form. It has not cooled down. We know
 for a certainty that life, such as we encounter on
 this planet, can not exist on Jupiter.” Are we
 sure that we know for a certainty that there is
 no life such as we know existing on Jupiter?
 Science answers yea, but I regret to have to accept
 that as a proven fact. It’s too disappointing, and
 too sad. But do they know? The greatest tele-
 scope leaves Jupiter at a great distance from the
 unaided eye, and then the atmospheres both of
 the earth and Jupiter must be penetrated and the
 telescopes will magnify the moisture and dust in
 the two atmospheres the same as they magnify
 other objects, thereby giving a blurred, distorted
 image that may well be deceiving.

    If there is a purpose in life, as some try to teach
  us there is, then there must be a Creator to give
  that purpose. If that is the case, and the Creator
  made this great, vast Solar System just in order
  to sustain life on this little sphere, to say nothing
  about the vastness of our universe alone, He
  must be rather a wasteful workman.

If there is no Creator, and the phenomena of

 Play the Hawaiian Guitar
 like the Hawaiians/ ,,

  Only 4 Motions used in playing this fascinating
  instrument. Our native Hawaiian Instructors
  teach you to master them quickly. Pictures
  ehow how. Everything explained clearly.
  Playln HaM Hour Easy Lessona
  After you get the Even if you don’t
  (our easy motions know one note from
  you play harmonious another, the 52
  ehofrds with very printed llssons and

  little practice. No

  Erevious musical
  nowledge needed.

clear pictures make
it easy to learn quick-
ly. Pay os you play.

when you. enroll

T —a sweet toned

 HAWAIIAN GUITAR, Carrying Case

 WRITE AT ONCE for nttrac

 tive ofTcr and easy terms. A
 postcard will do. ACT I

                     nn, varrying vase

                      and Playing Outfit
                      Value $18 to $xo

 ■	No extras-everything ineluded

    OTHER 1 Tenor Banjo. Violin. Tiple, Tonor Guitar, Ukulele,
  COURSESJ Banjo Ukulele. Under well-known instructor*.
  FIRST HAWAIIAN CONSERVATORY of MUSIC, Inc.
  9th Floor, Woolworth Bldg., Dept. 267 New York, N. V.
  Approved at a Correspondence School Under the Laws of the
  Stale of New York—Member National Home Study Council.

     ORRECT
     Your NOSE

                 Improve your appearance with
                 the ANITA Nose Adjuster.
                 Shapes flesh and cartilage —
                 quickly, safely and painlessly,
                 while you sleep. Results are
                 lasting. Doctors praise it. 68,000
                 users. Write for 30-Day Trial
                 Offer and FREE BOOKLET.
                 ANITA INSTITUTE, G-49 Anita Bldg., Newark. N. J.

tdvert'SS

  fiend yoor name sod address for free booklet giving Interesting In-
  formation and vital facta about Advertising. Find oat how we prepare
  »ou at bome, in yoor (pare time, for the opportunities open in this
  fascinating buaineaa. PrncUcal work. No text books. Old estab-
  lished school. Successful graduates everywhere. Just the plan yoo
  have always wasted. Writo today. No obligation.

 PACE-DAVIS SCHOOL OF ADVERTISING

  ■Mpt.M2-B.3601 Michigan Avo.,' Chiefs, U.S.A.

»289

 22 CAL.
 REPEATER
 BLANK AUTOMATIC

  WITH BOX OF CARTRIDQES FREE

  No license required to own this blank automs66<'

  Absolutely safe, harmless and fool proof. Makee
  powerful, loud report. Built like real automatic.

  Fool yoor friends. Used as an alarm piatol.

  Frightena away tramps, burglars, dogs. Used in city,

  plus delivery chargee. Box of cartridges free.

  JENKINS, 683 Broadway, New York, Dept. 7-H-65 Q

INSURE YOUR COPY REACHING YOU
Subscribe to "AMAZING STORIES,” $2.50 a year
EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS. INC.

 381 Fourth Avenue	New York City

aHOTEL

1RSON

Ocean End
South Kentucky Ave.

ATLANTIC CITY, N. J.

      Strictly Fireproof
      New and Modern
      In Every Respect

European and
American Plans

Open Air and Closed Sun Decks

MONTICELLO HOTEL
Under Same Management

FETTER and HOLLINGER

Ownership Management

Please say yon saw it in AMAZING STORIES
July, 1929

AMAZING STORIES

383

ELECTRIFY; YOUR.,
RADIO FOR ONL^1

 Why discard your present good set when you
 can electrify it for only $6.85, and banish the
 annoyance and expense of buying new "B”
 batteries ?

 OVER 100.000 TOWNSEND
 “B” POWER UNITS IN USE
 Hooked up In a few minutes.
 Use same tubes—no changes.
 You’ll be amazed at the im-
 provement in reception and
 distance getting. Send name
 and address today for full
 details, proof and Free Trial
 Offer.

f TOWNSEND LABORATORIES,

| 725 Townsend St., Chicago, III.

 j Please send me fuU information on tho Townsend I
 j "»'• Power and Free Trial Offer.

| Name .............................................. I

| Address ............................................ I

I City............................... State........... 1

1-------------------1

LEARN TELEGRAPHY

 ■	Be an expert Morse WITH
 or Continental code
 operator! BIG PAY— TELEPLEX
 TRAVEL — FUN —

 ADVENTURE. After a few short
 weeks of practical study with Tele-
 plex you will bo an expert operator.

 This amazing Instrument teaches
 you right In your own home. Works
 llko a phonograph. No knowledge
 needed—beginnors learn at once!

 NOT A SCHOOL. Free 10 days’
 trial. Write for FBEE booklet G-ll.

 TELEPLEX CO.. 72 Cortlandt Street, New York City

Learn at Home—by
Mail! Easily! Quickly!

    ' "Mfferontl Teachea you Bis Tricks,
    i, Stas* Stoats, "Patter and the
    oa of Magic. Learn at homa. As-

Diffe
illusions. "

Principle. ------------

tontsh your friends. Write today fer full
Information. Please t«U os your ago.

   TARBELL SYSTEM, INC.
1926 Sunnyslda Ava. Studio B-119
Chicago, ----

RA a E BARGAINS/ 
 Used 5 tube sets, $14.90. Guaranteed. A. C. Dynamic
 Speakers. $14.75. B Eliminators, $4.90, requires minor
 adjustments. Transformers, 75c. Condensers, 50c. Rheo-
 stats, 25c. Potentiometers, 35c. Vogue loop antennas. 95c.
 Croslfty Cone Units. $2.00. Fidelity Horn Units, $1.90.
 Crystal Sets. $1.75. I Tube Sets. $1.75. Used 4 Tube
 Sets, $8.90. Send money order with order. Complete list
 upon r .Quest- CHAS. HOODWIN CO., 4240 Lincoln Ave.,
 De,t. 716. Cbitago. Dealers in Bankrupt Radio Stocks.

    JENKINS $>197
 Watch-Lighter? 4

   “ Guaranteed 6 Jewel watch and new design
   elegant cigarotte lighter in one. Watch la
   of excellent Swiss make, tested and ad-
   justed. Two years' written guarantee.
   Radium dial—tells time in dark. Lighter
   la of atordy construction and can bo opened
   with on* hand. Gives instant flame. Largo fluid
   capacity. Easily replaceable flints. Elegant
   leather covered case. SEND NO MONEY.
   Pay od delivery $4.97 plus postage. Satisfaction
   ----*--J	,§83 Broadway,

guaranteed. JENKINS* Jt

New York, Dept. 7-A-65

    AMAZING NEW DISCOVERY. Tho gonuinu

^‘fid'd.^s, jsm

    , mine*. *tc-. •* unknown depths. Simple to
 BEND NO MONEY. Pay Postman special tn-
 ■ trodootory price delivered. $2.72 for Standard T>d« or
 I *6.27 for Double Strength Type for Professional Treasure
 I Hunters and Prospectors. No additional postage, charges
 1 or duties, Thousands of satisfied users. Beware of imiU-
 | boos. Order Immediately. IT MAY MEAN YOUR FORTUNE.
 Interesting Proposition to Agents
 G, 8. BLAND, "APARTADO 1426,” MEXICO CITY, MEXICO

I CHALLENGE

 you that I will teach you, by mail. In one lesson, th®
 simplest, shortest method. Not telepathy. You can read
 one's uilnd to a dot, by only looking in the eyes of partner,
 rhum, sweetheart, etc. All for $1.00. Praised by New
 York. Boston. Montreal Police chiefs; colleges; Thurston;
 Blackstone, etc. If fake, let them arrest me.

   A. HONIGM AN, Dept. INV. 4

Sti. E. P. 0. B. 85	Montreal. Can.

18-66. $l25-$250Mo. About 40.000 openings yearly.
Are you eligible? We advise you FREE. Write. In-
struction Bureau, 141. St. Louis, Mo. immediately.

life come into being wherever and whenever the
conditions for life obtains, why could not those
conditions have obtained on Jupiter, and the other
outward planets ages ago? Is it their remoteness
from the Sun? And why not life on the Sun?
Do we know for a certainty that the Sun is
actually hot? Could it not really be a cold body,
and is it not possible that all the heat we get
from the Sun is produced by the friction of the
rays passing through our atmosphere, and their
impact on the earth? And if that could be true,
would not the rays produce the same effect on
the distant planets? Then, the mass of Jupiter
being greater than the earth, does it necessarily
follow that the gravity pull per square unit would
be correspondingly greater than on earth? The
foregoing does hot represent my opinion on the
subjects mentioned, but merely thoughts that some-
times course through my mind.

                           Henry S. Hatton,
                           Greentown, Ind.

  (There is a strong probability that the planet,
Jupiter, is not habitable. How such things can
be investigated or determined positively, exceeds
the powers of humanity. We do not see however,
that you should be disappointed, because we have
settled that there is no life on Jupiter. It some-
times seems as if there were too much life on
this earth. Jupiter seems to be in a state of
fusion, and undoubtedly the sun is hot. The heat
from the sun is not produced from friction of the
rays as they pass through the atmosphere nor by
their impact on the surface of the earth. The
gravity force of Jupiter is of course much greater
than that of the earth.—Editor.)

THE NON-EXPLOSIVE NATURE OF TRINI-
TROTOLUENE. A GOOD CRITICISM
OF "THE LAST MAN"

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  May I call your attention to an error in the
story entitled, “The Last Man” in your February
issue? In the story, the man finds a can of
T N T in the museum with a warning label stat-
ing that a slight concussion will explode it and
proceeds to blow up the birth factory by dropping
it from the balcony.

  Now as a matter of fact a slight concussion,
or a heavy one, or either, will not explode TNT.
During the war, high explosive shells containing
TNT were exploded by a percussion cap of
the fulminate of mercury which in turn ignited
the TNT. I worked for a time in a shell loading
plant where TNT was melted in vats by steam
and then poured into hollow steel shells. These
vats had metal covers upon which crystalline de-
posits of T N T formed in a yellow coating re-
sembling maple sugar, but somewhat lighter in
color. I have often seen workmen remove this
deposit by pounding the covers with wooden mal-
lets and never was there any danger of exploding
the TNT. So it is apparent that no slight
concussion will ignite it.

  Otherwise the story was splendid and could
be made perfect by the mere substitution of an-
other explosive—fulminate, for example. I think,
however, that you should call attention to the
error for the benefit of your readers, as a magazine
of your type should be accurate as to details of
this sort.

  In conclusion, may I thank you for many happy
hours spent in reading your interesting publication?

                   T. A. Gonzales,

201 East 87th Street, New York City.

                        w>mc\\on aWt ex-
plosive nature of T N T, but you must remember
that many of these chemical explosives undergo
a slight decomposition, and then become quite
dangerous. It would be finely divided TNT
which would seem most liable to such decomposi-
tion. The melted material would certainly be
more stable. Organic nitro compounds when
partly decomposed may become very sensitive to
concussion.—Editor.)

AMAZING STORIES AN INCITEMENT TO
THINKING. AND IT LIGHTENS
HOUSEWORK

Editor, Amazing Stories:

  I	have just finished the May number of your
magazine. I wish there were twice as many tales
in it.

  “The Diabolical Drug” by Clare W. Harris is
extremely interesting. Let’s have more of hers,
even though we do shudder!

  “The Invisible Finite” certainly holds one
enthralled, but please tell Robert A. Wait to
end his stories more kindly in the future. It left
me aching to read that the poor professor was lost
to humankind. It seems horrible to think of him
seeking and searching forever and knowing that
he is helpless. It would have been much better

fVuows

g. er into
Eiecrflfclnry

Ltr\qnT*

(so To Zoo
f\ WeBK

A* aJUvJJ

“ty+UJ AM.

SoiL	Nee. T) Flu *1

D £p»tcnritui
Yoo Doh't Nern
feflgnous etPCKifrtJ]
Lfflniv 0y Voitic. &

SL	XjUKt)

FRE€. AJlMjl
A. • * ' ,7J%

    a

a	Mr. H. C. Lewie, Pres, -Dept. B9-27 a

!	COYNE ELECTRICAL SCHOOL	S

2	500 So. Paulina St., Chicago, UL B

 a	Dear Mr. Lewis: Without obligation send me your ■

 a	big free catalog and all details of Free Employ m

 2	ment Service. Radio. Aeroplane and Aatomotive _

 ■	Electrical Course* and bow many "earn while r

 ■	learning." I understand I will oot be bothered by ■

I	any sale* man.	a

■	S

•	Vmj..................................■

■	-------------——............... a

•	Addr$89-------—....................J

■	City..—--------------------8UU»,u...— f.
384

AMAZING STORIES

July, 1929

OPPORTUNITY AD-LETS

These columns will appear monthly in Amazing Stories

Rate—Eight cents a word. Cash should accompany all advertisements
unless placed by an accredited advertising agency. Advertisements
for less than 10 words not accepted.

EXPERIMENTER PUBLICATIONS, Inc.

 381 Fourth Avenue	New York City

AGENTS WANTED

Amazing Invention, combs and waves hair, sells
every woman, pocket carries dozens. Rex Sales,
1235 Lexington Ave., New York City.

Free Booklet describes 67 plans for making
$20-$100 weekly, home, office. Your own busi-
ness. Elite Co., Dept. B, 84 Elizabeth St., N. Y.

Carter Window Washer. No investment. Big
profits. Exclusive distributors. Cleans, Dries,
Polishes. Carter Products, 964 Front, Cleve-
land.. 0.

You Arc Wanted To Resilver Mirrors At Home.
Immense profits plating auto parts, tableware,
etc. Write for information. Sprinkle, Plater,
£15, Marion, Indiana.

^ Agents—$250 Month. Raincoats. All Colors.
Your choice $2.66. Part time $2 hour. Complete
line 60 patterns, silks, suedes, tweeds. Leather-
Lyke. Outfit sent free, postage prepaid. Write
Comer Mfg. Co., Dept. 92-M, Dayton, Ohio.

Sell $5.00 men’s Daily Necessity for 50c. Costs
Quantities 20c. Sample postpaid 30c. Catalog Hun-
dreds Household Articles Free. Mill Sales Co.,
901 Broadway, New York.

AVIATION

Aviation—Salary While Learning, $18 to $35
per week while under instruction in our factory,
shop and classroom. Call or write for informa-
tion without obligation. Aero Corporation of
America, Dept. CB, Plankinton Building, Mil-
waukee, Wisconsin.

BOOKS

Become author. Author sends guaranteed in-
structions and her latest book, $1. Nina Doney,
78 Franklin, Auburn, N. Y.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

Free Book. Start little Mail Order business.
Hadwil, 5A-74 Cortlandt Street, N. Y.

Amateur Cartoonists: Sell your cartoons new
plan. Smith’s Service EX-1194, Wenatchee, Wash.

CORRESPONDENCE COURSES

Used Correspondence School courses sold on re-
purchase basis. Also rented and exchanged.
Money-back guarantee. Catalog free. (Courses
bought). Lee Mountain, Pisgan, Alabama.

DETECTIVES

Detectives Earn Big Money. Travel. Make
secret investigations. Experience unnecessary.
Particulars free. Write, American Detective
System, 2190 Broadway, N. Y.

Good Buy? in *‘B”BaUery Power

100-Volt Edison Element. Non-D£

        srarSsfTfflKk

            solution, »12. 140-Volt with disreer.
            $17. 180-Volt Power t ntt

Write for our Free Literature

HELP WANTED—INSTRUCTION

 Wanted Immediately, Men-Women, 18-55, qualify
 for Government Jobs, $125-$250 month. No ex-
 perience required. Steady work. Common edu-
 cation sufficient. Write, Instruction Bureau, 271,
 •St. Louis, Mo.

MISCELLANEOUS

Movie Cameras. Hear talking films. Booklet
10c. John J. Young, General P. O. Box 28, New
York City.

The New Astrology embracing the Einstein
Law and other scientific discoveries. Entirely
different system. Send 26 cents for Professor
Shearhed’s booklet. Money refunded if not satis-
fied. Shearhed, 406 Geary St., San Francisco,
Calif.

PERSONAL

 Tobacco or snuff habit cured or no pay! $1.50
 if cured. Sent on trial I Frances Willard, 5724J6
 Lemon Grove, Hollywood, Calif.

Grows hair on heads going bald and stops
falling hair, as nothing else does. Recipe of
famous London hair specialist sent for one dollar.
Edward Walsh, Aurela, Pittsburg, California.

PRINTING OUTFITS and SUPPLIES

 Complete Printing Outfits, presses, type, ink,
 paper, supplies. Write for catalog. Kelsey Co.,
 G-67, Meriden, Conn.

SONG POEM WRITERS

Song Poem Writers—Melodies written. Write
for particulars. Ernest Shonfield, 2236 Olive
Ave., Pasadena, Calif.

Song Poem Writers—“Real” Proposition. Hib-
beler, * D-165, 2104 N. Keystone, Chicago.

SONG WRITERS

Song Writers: Substantial Advance Royalties
are paid on publisher’s acceptance. Write for Free
Booklet on developing ideas for song words or music
required by Talking Pictures. Newcomer Asso-
ciates, 1674 Broadway, New York.

STAMPS and COINS

300-300-8001 All different stamps (Cat. over
$6.00): 300 hinges; 6 approval sheets; duplicate
stamp album; perforation gauge; millimeter scale
and ruler to approval applicants only for 20c.
Edgewood Stamp Co., Dept. C, Milford, Conn.

Life’sSecrets

AmukWM»fcwk.'‘S*f*CMllMl,"^

Jut out. tell* »oo the thInara too want to-^
know atralcbt from tha ahoolder. Ofrea ad- 9
▼lea to newly married- Explalna anatomy of
reproductive organa. Impotence, lawaof Bex-
Llia. cnlatakea to avoid, dtaeaaaa. prernancy,
ate. CooUlna 9 »t*rtllnjr aectlona: 1-Bclenca

 1.7-

•te.____

if Eufenlca, _

'* 6-Fainfli _	-

_--*M and DUordera. 8-H a a 11 h

, Byrleno, 8-Story of Ufa. In all, 104 chap.

WjETOvf&ffiTi-------

Send No Money

      Write for 7oar eo*y today. Don’t aend •

   mJBbSv^S^figasSSr.

     FRANKLIN PUBLISHING CO.
 Otpfc6113 800 No. Clarfc St..	—

if lie could have told the student just how to
bring him back, and stood before them again.

  Let’s hope neither “The Gas-Weed” nor any-
thing like it ever gets our beautiful world in its
clutches.

  “The Moon Strollers” catches the attention, but
it seems a trifle far-fetched to say that one would
find breathable air on the moon, even in a deep
pit.

  After I’ve read every story in your magazine,
I take a deep breath and say, “Well!” Then I
work and think and—think about all those stories
separately and collectively. It certainly lightens
housework!

  You have a wonderful book and—just give us
more.

                       Edith Stuver,

            2474 Louella, Venice, California.

  (We think that we can claim that Mrs. Harris
was a discovery of ours and we can safely prom-
ise our readers that we will have more of her
entertaining writing. The fact that you want more
is certainly a tribute to the quality of what we
are giving, and it is a tribute to our success.
What we do give makes you think, but you must
not take the stories too seriously, for there is little
to fear that anything like the gas-weed will ever
visit our earth. The greatest danger to us lies
in the utterly stupid national hatreds leading to
war with all its train of horrors. And perhaps
Robert A. Wait is devising a means for returning
the professor.—Editob.)

 r

 c f

:f

STATEMENT OF THE OWNERSHIP, MAN-
AGEMENT, CIRCULATION, ETC., REQUIRED
BY THE ACT OF CONGRESS OF AUG. 24, 1912

Of AMAZING STORIES, published monthly at
New York, N. Y., for April 1, 1929.

State of New York,

County of New York. ss.

  Before me, a Notary Public in and for the State
and county aforesaid, personally appeared Gustav
Gardner, who, having been duly sworn according to
law, deposes and says that he is an Assistant Vice-
President of Irving Trust Company, owner, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy, of the AMAZING
STORIES, and that the following is, to the best
of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the
ownership, management (and if a daily paper, the
circulation), etc., of the aforesaid publication for
the date shown in the above caption, required by
the Act of August 24, 1912, embodied in section
411, Postal Laws and Regulations.

  1. That the names and addresses of the pub-
lisher, editor, managing editor, and business man-
agers are: Publisher, Irving Trust Company, as
Trustee in Bankruptcy of Experimenter Publishing
Company, Inc., 233 Broadway, N. Y. City; Editor,
Arthur J. Lynch, 230 Fifth Ave., N. Y. City: Man-
aging Editor, none; Business Manager, B. A.
Mackinnon, 230 Fifth Ave., N. Y. City.

. 2. That the owner is: (If owned by a corpora-
tion, its name and address must be stated and also
immediately thereunder the names and addresses of
stockholders owning or holding one per cent or
more of total amount of stock. If not owned by a
corporation, the names and addresses of the indi-
vidual owners must be given. If owned by a firm,
company, or other unincorporated concern, its name
and address, as well as those of each individual
member, must be given.) The owner is Irving
Trust Company, of 233 Broadway, New York City,
as Trustee in Bankruptcy of said Experimenter
Publishing Company, Inc., said Irving Trust Com-
pany having been duly appointed Receiver in Bank-
ruptcy on February 20, 1929, and Trustee on
March 28, 1929.

  3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and
other security holders owning or holding 1 per
cent or more of total amount of bonds, mortgages,
or other securities are: (If there are none, so
state.) None.

  4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving
the names of the owners, stockholders, and security
holders, if any, contain not only the list of stock-
holders and security holders as they appear upon
the books of the company but also, in cases where
the stockholder or security holder appears upon the
books of the company as trustee or in any other
fiduciary relation, the name of the person or cor-
poration for whom such trustee is acting, is given;
aJso that the said two paragraphs contain statements
embracing affiant’s full knowledge and belief as to
the circumstances and conditions under which stock-
holders and security holders who do not appear upon
the books of the company as trustees, hold stock
and securities in a capacity other than that of a
bona fide owner; and this affiant has no reason to
believe that any other person, association, or cor-
poration ha9 any interest direct or indirect in the
said stock, bonds, or other securities than as so
stated by him.

         IRVING TRUST COMPANY,

                      By G. Gardner,
                      Assistant Vice-President.

  Sworn to and subscribed before me this 2nd day
of April, 1929.

                          Hiram S. Gans,

(Seal.)	(Mv commission expires

March 30, 1930.)
Missing Page: Inside Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org
Missing Page: Back Cover

If you own this magazine, and would
like to contribute, please email us the
image (in JPEG format at 300 dpi) to:

info@pulpmags. org