The Woman With Two Souls
Johnny Kelly 's Christmas Ghost
The Specter of the Yellow Quarter
 \

E

L

E

C

T

R

 I

C

 I

££E2El£if Electrical Training in 12 Weeks

 Why work at dull uninteresting work, with no future? Why do work that hundreds of thousands
 of others can do? Why work for small wages and always be in fear of losing your job? Learn
 Electricity, the most interesting, fascinating work in the world. As a Coyne trained Electrical
 Expert you can make $60.00 to $200,000 a week in work that’s pleasant, where your services are in
 demand in nearly any place in the world. You can also own your own business and make up to
 $15,000 a year. I will train you in twelve happy weeks on actual Electrical Machinery.

No Books, No Lessons, No
Classes, You Do Actual Work

 I do not attempt to train you by printed lessons
 or books. My training is practical, and every
 student is given personal individual instruction,
 on the greatest outlay of Electrical equipment
 ever assembled for training.

You Don’t Need Experience
or Advanced Education

 You don’t need to have one day's electrical ex-
 perience, and you don’t need a high school or
 college education to master my course.

FREE Railroad Fare, Radio and
Auto Course When You Enroll

  For a limited time only, I will include with my regular
  course when you enroll, Free Railroad Fare to Chicago,
  and my two big courses, Radio and Auto, Truck ana
  Tractor electricity.

My Free Free Books Tells
Complete Story

  My big hrmdsome book, size 12x15 inches and containing
  nearly 200 actual photographs tells complete success
  Story. It tells you how you can earn while learning, how
  I give my graduates employment service and help for life.

 It will show you how thousands of others have become
 successful, happy and independent through my training.
 You owe it to yourself to get the facts. Mail COUPON
 TODAY I-OR YOUR COPY.

 J7	..... / _	t We help students to secure jobs to earn a good

EsdTtl While you leUTnl />*« of their expenses while learning and assist

/	them to big paying jobs when they graduate•

Send this Coupon Now *0

 i

N

3

M

O

¥

S

                                                                                                  * H. C. Lewis, Pres.

                                                                                                  * Coyne Electrical School, Dtpi.17-43

 Send this coupon now. Determine today that you are going to become a part * 1300-1310W. H»rri«onSt. Chic*»o, 111.
 of the world's greatest force—Electricity. Assure your future by sending this • fJiTpartu-ui™ fS? IZl off* "of
 coupon now. It brings you full information. Think of it—if you send the / FREE railroad fare and two ex-
 coupon today, you can be fully equipped for a fine paying electrical job in three * p£“ * '"Saifon wTme&lld “ qu'ck at no ex'
 months. Send coupon now before the special offer I am making is withdrawn. /

 1300-1310 W. Harrison St., Dept. 17-43 Chicago, 111. •*
ghost stories

 l

Nerves—^NCYVCS— NERVESI

 Millions of people are today only half alive and don’t know it!
 They suffer from obscure ills,worry about imaginary troubles,
 find it hard to concentrate and easily fall a prey to disease
 that robs them of their vital powers—all as a result of con-
 tinuous neglect of their nerves. Bemarr Macfadden, in a
 wonderful new book shows how to recharge your under-
 nourished nerves and how to acquire glowing health and
 youthful vitality by following a few easy, natural rules.
 No medicines, drugs, or self-denials, no exhausting
 exercises or disagreeable diets!

DO you worry and fuss over non-
essentials? Do you get ex-
cited easily? Do you blush
readily? Is your memory weak or
your eyesight failing? Are your
hands and feet cold ? Are you trou-
bled with constipation or other stom-
ach troubles? Are you pale? Is your
complexion blotched? Is your hair
falling? Have you occasional head-
aches and dizzy spells? Are you
troubled with insomnia and too
many dreams? Are you impatient
—emotional, quick to show your
joy or sorrow?

  These are only a few of the signs
that show unhealthy nerves, and if
you neglect them you will slowly but
surely head for the same disastrous
condition that is now bringing misery
to thousands of people.

Why Ruin Your Life?

  Many a promising career and
many a happy home has been
ruined by some impulsive word or
act. Many a social position has
been irretrievably lost by some
trifling indiscretion or error of judg-
ment-due entirely to unstable
nerves. To think that one marriage
in every eleven ends in divorce!
And to think that 95% of all the
misery of the unhappily married is
due to nothing more than irritated
nerves. When a man loses his
temper and flares up in excitement;
when a woman begins to nag, fret
and worry; when a child becomes un-
ruly or shy—it’s simply a case of
nerve exhaustion.

  It is a pity that so very few people
really know how to keep their nerves
sound and healthful. How much
misery could be avoided, how much
unhappiness could be changed to joy
if the countless numbers of people
who now overlook the little signs of
nervous exhaustion could be made
to see the folly of their neglect.

  It is now just as easy to have

sound, healthy nerves as it is to have
clean, strong teeth and vigorous mus-
cles! Without drugs or medicines—
without tedious exhausting exercises
or enforced hateful diets—without
doing anything that isn’t pleasant
and delightful, you can now recharge
your undernourished nerves and live
a full, vibrant life that will help
you to achieve a glorious business
and social success.

  Based on his many years of ex-
perience as a physical culture expert,
Bernarr Macfadden has picked out
and set down in writing certain
simple, easy-to-follow rules that
have helped thousands of men and
women to regain their lost nervous
energy and to acquire glowing health
and youthful vitality. He calls his
wonderful book

Strengthening the Nerves

  If you follow Bernarr Macfadden’s
advice faithfully, you will be over-
joyed at the results. You’ll look
better and feel better than you have
in years; you will have greater en-
durance, a keener appetite and a
happier outlook on life than you
ever had before. You will banish
headaches, worries, constipation.
Your complexion will become clearer,
your eyesight stronger and you will
gradually build up a vigorous body
that will be able to resist nearly
every ailment that is at present
sapping the energy of thousands.

  The book is written in an easy,
fascinating style. There is nothing
difficult to understand. You’ll en-
joy every page because it shows you
the way to glowing health and vigor.
The knowledge you’ll gain from
reading Bernarr Macfadden’s book
will help you throughout your entire
life, for it will build for you a solid
foundation for your future success
and happiness.

  Your health, your strength, your
success, your happiness depends
upon the state of your nervous
system. You can’t be right and be
nervous. The remedy is simple and

 easily applied. Just common sense
 rules—that’s all. You’ll enjoy prac-
 ticing Mr. Macfadden’s course and
 the benefit will be immediate.

 Get This Book at Our Risk

 Send $3.00 with order and this
 great 235 page book will be mailed
 to you postpaid within 24 hours after
 your order is received. Or, if you
 wish it, we will send the book to you
 C. O. D. $3.00 plus delivery charges.
 Take five full days to examine the
 book and if you are not highly pleased
 with it, return it to us and we will
 cheerfully refund your money.

IN

 A Few of the Symptoms
 Sick Nerves

     1	Excitement and mental de-
     pression.

      2	Headaches, dizziness, deafness.

     3	Weakness of memory.

     4	Disturbed sleep, troubled
     dreams.

      5	Blurring of sight.

     6	Ringing in the ears.

     7	Feeling of numbness.

     8	Cold hands or feet. Flushings
     and sweats.

     9	Muscular weakness, lack of
     endurance.

    10	Dyspepsia, other stomach
    troubles.

     11	Pains around heart.

      12	Spells of irritability.

     13	Knee jerks.

      14	Strange fears.

     15	Continuous flow of thought
     preventing sleep at night.

    16	Very emotional—quick to
    show joy or sorrow.

     17	Gloomy—pessimistic, always
     looking on the dark side of
     things.

[mail THIS COUPON TODAY

 I MACFADDEN PUBLICATIONS, INC.

 I Macfadden Building, G. S. 1
 j 1926 Broadway, New York

 I Please send me Bernarr Macfadden'?- new book
 "Strengthening the Nerves." I will pay the

  I post man $3.00 plus postage and if for any reason
  I do not want to keep the book I will return it in
  I five days and you will promptly refund to me
  I the price paid.

{ Name......................................

J Address....................................

! City........................State..........

 ■I Canadian and foreign orders, casb in advance
1

Vol. 2

GHOST

T O R. I E

January, 1927

CONTENTS

No. 1

Never Scoff at a Ghost...........an Editorial by GEORGE WILLIAM WILDER

$10,000 Offered for Ghosts.
Were You Bom in December?-

The Specter of the Yellow Quarter.....................................
             By “JOHN SMITH,” as told to ALAN VAN HOESEN

       What could bring an old Celestial like TsingLaiLow back from the dead?

Johnny Kelly’s Christmas Ghost.......................................
       By ANTOINETTE GREGORY, as related by EDWIN A. GOEWEY 12

       Possession is nine points of the law. A t least "Santa Claus" thought so

“They Who Play With Sacred Things-”.............................
                 By JIM KIRKLAND, told to MARK MELLEN 14

       Jennings should have treated seriously the spiritual advice given him

The Black Spider.....................................EDMUND SNELL 17

       This Jap thought he could improve on universal law

The Woman With Two Souls... By ALLAN GORDON, narrated by J. PAUL SUTER 20

       Can two souls merge into one?

Can the Spirits of the Dead be Photographed?.............SAMRI FRIKELL 24

       Science has gone far in this age. Read what the next step may be

Out of a Gleaming Tomb...............................RALPH DURHAM 26

       Out of a tomb Ralph Durham's father returned to earth, to reveal an astounding secret

They Hanged a Phantom for Murder...................................
               By “DOCTOR GREY,” told by R. CUMMINGS 29

      Can a phantom really be hanged? This man came back from the spirit plane, and then-

Pawn of the Unseen....................................LYON ME ARSON 32

       Arrows don't fly through the air of their own volition. Yet who in that home of death could send a messenger of
       death to the man who loved Lenore?

The Doll That Came to Life............................................
         By ARTHUR BRANSCOMBE, told to VICTOR ROUSSEAU 35

       Was it only a doll? How then could it talk?

“What a Man Sows-”...............COLONEL NORMAN G. THWAITES 38

       Sow kindness and reap kindness. Sow brutality and reap a terrible reward

NEXT !-Within Four Creeping Walls... ...........ROBERT SNEDDON 40

       A uto-suggestion is powerf ul. Can it drive a man to suicide?

Under the Spell of the Red Circle..................WILBERT WADLEIGH 43

       Professor Travers realizes the deadlitiess of the Red Circle when it seems too late to save the beautiful Evelyn

The Man Who Died Twice...................FRANK BELKNAP LONG, JR. 46

      This man was dead—and didn’t know it!

 OF PARTICULAR INTEREST

Spirit Tales-Timely Topics of Current Psychic Interest.............................. 50

.................................................... 57

-Let the Stars Determine Your Fate.................... 58

Published Monthly by THE CONSTRUCTIVE PUBLISHING CORPORATION. Washington and South Aves., Dunellen, N. J.

                                     Editorial and General Offices. Macfadden Building, 1926 Broadway. N. Y.

William C. W. Durand. President	William Thompson, Secretary	A. Heniy Young, Advertising Manager

Entered as second class matter April 30th, 1926. at the Post Office at Dunellcn. N. J.. under the act of March 3rd. 1879. Additional entry at New York. N. Y.
Copyright. 1926, by THE CONSTRUCTIVE PUBLISHING CORPORATION. New York, in the United States. Canada and Great Britain. All rights reserved.
Price 25c a copy. Subscription price $3.00 a year in the United States and its possessions: also Canada, Cuba. Mexico and Panama.

                                                     All other countries $4.00 per year.

                                     Chicago Office: 168 North Michigan Blvd.. C. H. Shattuck. Manager.

London Agents: Atlas Publishing Sc Distributing Co., Ltd.. 18 Bride Lane. Loudon. E. C.

                                     •nes are submitted a! the owner's risk, although every effort will be made to return those found i

            All manuscript; and drawings

unavailable.

2

                                     P HINTED BY THE AST COLOK PRINTING CO., DUNELLEN. N. J.. V. S- A.
Ghost stories

3

/o	oe: {Romantic Careers of a Sirl from

1 ^Martinique and a

and a Orown

reole, a Uorsican,

GY, THEN MONSIEUR TASCHER de la PAGERIE, a successful *	g

 /^planter of far-off Martinique, took his daughter Marie-Josephc-Rose,	^

       called Josephine, to Paris, her languid creole manner, voluptuous beauty,
 graceful litheness of figure, elegance of manner, quick intelligence, voice that
 charmed, and qualities of mind and heart fascinated the young aristocrat,

 Alexandre de Beatiharnais; what must have seemed to M. de la Pagerie a
 most satisfactory marriage took place. He never could have guessed to
 what depths his daughter was to fall or what heights she would rise; or
 that, after a most romantic and stormy career, she was to wear the crown
 of France that a bloody revolution
 was to throw at the feet of a poor
 young Corsican lieutenant

    During the Revolution her husband
 was guillotined and she imprisoned.

 Her life saved by a lucky chance,
 and released, the young widow, car-
 ried away by the license of the times
 and the sensuality of her nature, un-
 folding her wings like a butterfly,
 became the gay leader of one of the
 gayest sets of the many giddy coteries
 in the luxurious and dissipated life that
 arose after the Reign of Terror.

   The young Corsican had now be-
 come a poor and rather obscure general
 whose energy, industry, military genius,
 power of calm calculation and self'
 control was to make him the ruler
 of Europe and the most universally
 known name in all history. He lost

 his self-control, however, when he met Madame de Beauharnais and fell madly in love with
 her. Rather awed by the elegance of her dress and station, captivated by her voice and
 grace of manner, dazzled by her beauty, and overcome by charms that the dress of the period
 scarcely concealed, his passion became almost a frenzy, and he became her infatuated slave.

    She at last consented to marry him. On the wedding ring was engraved (,Au Destin

                         I like lo read about Napoleon. Certainly the Corsican was one of the most*}

                 J^nleresling human beings who ever (rod ihls each. WARREN G. HARDING. |	M

  tyouth from
  Corsica.

 {"Josephine charming, fascinating, sympa-
 | thetic, and lender of heart. The World. N.

mpa- I

osephine and c/Yapoleon

 Passionate Lovers

  The piquant and lovely Creole led the man of destiny
  a pretty dance, but while she tormented her impecunious
  lover with her extravagances, she always felt that he was
  in truth the man of destiny. That she grew afterward to
  love him passionately and profoundly and that she was
  devotedly faithful to him (barring one eatly misstep
  during his absence in Egypt) is known beyond a doubt.
  At times the ever-present menanceof divorce bred fear
  of him, but gratitude for the undreamed of grandeur to
  which he had raised her filled her heart to the end.

Their Peculiar Fascination

  Josephine and Napoleon—an emperor and an empress
  risen from the people—while living, were the centre of
  interest of the world. To-day, though dead over a hun-
  dred years, they still exercise over millions a peculiar
  fascination. It is not merely their lofty stations as rulers
  of most of Europe that creates this interest. Napoleon—
  whose name fills more pages in history than any other
  mortal—the great warrior'whose marvellous career ex-
  celled that of Alexander the Great and Caesar, has always
  compelled the admiration and the interest of mankind.

The Truth A.bout Them

  But it is as a human being that his greatest interest
  remains to-day. In some eyes a god, in others a monster;
  the truth is that Napoleon was neither, but a man, with
  man's weaknesses, who nevertheless continued kind
  and liberal to Josephine, a ban-en wife, who had con-
  sented to divorce and was even lenient and forgiving
  toward Marie Louise, the unfaithful wife who deserted
  him in time of trouble, out had borne him ason. After the
  divorce he was still friendly toward J osephine and allowed
  her to retain the title of Empress and showed her respect
  and regard. It is the truth about this living, palpitating
  Woman, her faults as well as her virtues, that attracts us

The Real Woman Revealed

  The real woman, the woman charming, fascinating,
  sympathetic, and tender of heart beyond all the women of
  her time, is revealed to us in the celebrated memoirs of
  Madame Ducrcst. In them she lives and breathes—not
  merely as a type of the eternal feminine, but as a woman
  of her period, lull of sensibility and also of bumor.

Private Letters Tell About Napoleon

  No more intimate picture of Napoleon and his entourage
  exists than that drawn in a series of private letters written
  from Paris to a nobleman in London at the time when
  Napoleon was emperor. With these and the memoirs of
  Madame Ducrcst we are enabled to know Josephine and
  Napoleon as they were in the flesh, and to know their
  hopes and fears, their joys and sorrows.

These are full size library volumes 8‘/£ x s’/i x 1’/ ins.

/

 The

 Printed for Private Subscribers Only

     You too, as well as President Harding, would
  find that you would like to read about Josephine *
  and Napoleon. The four volumes containing r_.
  these memoirs—The Court 0/ the Empress / ltAK
  Josephine by Madame Ducrest in two vol- e OI'p
  umes, and the account ofNapoleon's Court f CouroN
  and Cabinet of St. Cloud in two vol- f NOW
  umes—would completely capture you >

  They were originally printed on Ja- r QC*
  pan paper fcr private subscribers f
  only who paid $60.00 per set for /
  them. The profit on these repaid r
  the investment in the plates, so jf
  that now you can get a set in «• Tt. ,
  handsome full gilt binding, r J\.tttenllOUSC
  with beautiful illustrations f	T)

  at a price less than you j	-*■ rCSS

  pay for an ordinary f Est. 1873, iSMeds. &> Dips.
  novel. You don t send J't>.	c	n

  any money—just + txitlenhouse csqiuire, rhila.
  sign and mail the r You may send for inspection,
  coupon, and a jf charges paid, the 4-volumc set of the
  set will be sent - COUK TS OF JOSEPHINE AND
  for five days f NAPOLEON, bound in maroon cloth.
  t‘on in8*>UC f I W'N return the set in 5 days or send you
  ' '	$1 as a first payment and $1 a month for

    f 4 months. Canada (duty paid) add one
    ^ $2 payment. Foreign $/i cash with order.

j Name_ _

 G.S. 1.27

 Address .
4

GHOST STORIES

Thrilling, True Adventures
of Famous Detectives

Mystery is irresistible. It fascinates. It intrigues you.
Because the desire to understand—to know why and how
—is a fundamental human characteristic.

That is why, when all other reading material becomes
distasteful and utterly unable to hold your wandering
attention, mystery stories never fail to rekindle jaded
interest—never fail to grip your attention in a current of
magnetic attraction.

Long ago you probably discovered among the most
famous stories in literature many tales which were woven
about mysterious, seemingly unfathomable tangles in
human relationships.

But even the best of these classic tales were woven of
fiction. They had no basis in fact. Interesting as they
proved they were, nonetheless, written about imaginary
happenings—their plots were synthetic—their soundness
was open to argument. The sympathetic, human element
was lacking.

     Partial Contents
 of the December Issue of
 True Detective Mysteries

  On the Trail of the Crimson Hand
  The Mystery of Mata Hari’s Love Letters
  I Had To Break the Wellington Gam-
  bling Ring
  The Talking Bullet
  The Loot of the Eastbound Express
  The Woman Who Loved Too Well
  They're Going To Kill My Son
  They Tried To Insure Their Loot
  The Clue of the Stolen Thumbprint
  Love Mad, a Crime of the Kentucky
  Hills

  The Alibi That Failed

  Flying Diamonds

  The Man Who Lived Ten Lives

Told You By Master Detectives

   Now, at last, you can read an almost endless selection of detective
 mystery tales that are true, that combine all the fascination, all
 the lure of fictional stories with the sure knowledge that the
 events unfolded in cameo clearness on the page before you have
 actually happened. Now you can read thrilling accounts of
 actual exploits of living detectivesy-absorbing, first-hand state-
 ments of how tangled tfails of criminal operations have been
 solved.	*

   The gripping stories are written directly for you or outlined m
 all their essential facts by some of the most noted detective minds
 of the present day. They are true, detailed explanations of
 detective resourcefulness and skill which beggar description. And
 they are collected and printed for your enjoyment each month in
 True Detective Mysteries—a magazine you cannot afford
 to miss if you have a craving for exciting stories.

Special Offer

   If True Detective Mysteries has been sold out at your news-
 stand, by using the special coupon below you can obtain not only
 the current issue but the next four as well at
 an introductory pricc.

DECEMBER

rue Detective

MYSTERIES

AT ALL NEWSSTANDS

 MACFADDEN PUBLICATIONS, Inc.

  Dept. G. S.-17

  64th Street and Broadway, New York City

  I want to take advantage of your Special Offer. I
  enclose $1.00, for which please enter my name on
  your mailing list to receive S issues of True Detective
  Mysteries, beginning with the current number.

  (If you prefer to examine the magazine before sub-
  scribing, simply mail us 25 cents and we will send you
  one copy of the current issue at once.)

 Name

 Street

City.

nmuilll

 .State.
GHOST STORIES

 5

If I can't grow hair for
 you in 30 days

you get this check

refunding every penny of your money

By Alois Merke

 Founder of Famous Merke Institute, Fifth Avenue, New York

IS that clear?

If my treatment fails to grow new
hair in 30 days—if it doesn’t end
dandruff—if it doesn’t stop falling hair—
simply tell me so ana I will immediately
mail you a check for every penny you
paid me.

  No matter how fast your hair is falling
out—no matter how much of it is gone—
this offer stands.

  I don’t ask you any questions in case
you are not satisfied with my treatment.
I don’t even ask you in what way my
treatment failed.

  If you are not absolutely delighted
with the results you get—if my treat-
ment fails to do any one of the things I
say it will do—simply let me know and
I will send you by return mail a check
refunding every penny of your money.
And, remember, you alone are the judge
of whether my treatment works or not.

Why This Offer?

  How am I able to make this amazing
offer? The answer is simple. My
system of hair growth is founded
upon a recent scientific dis-
covery. I have found

      HERE’S PROOF!

Hail- Coming Back

    "Having used your Thermocap Treatment
  for 30 days, find a new growth of hair coming
  back on bald spot. It is growing in very fine.
  The Thermocap is a treatment that everyone
  who is losing his hair should buy."—G. II. C.,
  Portland, Me.

Dandruff Leaves Entirely

    "I want to tell you how wonderful your
  treatment is. The first week my dandruff
  left entirely, and by the third week a new
  growth of hair could be seen all over my
  head.”—Mrs. II. S., Port Angeles, Wash.

Partly Bald for 10 Years

     "T have been partly bald for the last 10
   years, and have used your treatment four
   weeks to date, blit I can already see a new
   crop of hair coming in."—J. A. K., Anderson,
   Ind.

during many years of research and ex-
perience in the Merke Institute, Fifth
Avenue, New York, that in most cases
of baldness the hair roots are NOT
dead. They are merely dormant—
asleep!

  It is an absolute waste of time—a
shameful waste of money—to try to
penetrate to these dormant roots with
ordinary oils, massages and tonics
which merely treat the surface
skin. You wouldn’t expect to
make a tree grow by rubbing
growing fluid on the bark—
get at the roots. And
that is just what my
scientific system
does. It penetrates
below the sur-
face of the
scalp. It
stimulates
the dor-
mant
roots.

                              It awak-
ens them.
The tiny ca-
pillaries begin to
pump Nature’s
own nourishment into
them. Hair begins to grow again. It
takes on body and color. No arti-
ficial hair foods—no rubbing. And
here's the wonderful thing about this
system. It is simple. You can use it
at home—in any home that has. elec-
tricity— easily — without the slightest
discomfort.

Free Booklet Tells All

  Thousands of men and women have
been treated successfully at the Merke
Institute. Hundreds daily are getting
amazing results with this easier, less
expensive "at home” system of hair
growth. Now, I do not say that all
cases of loss of hair are curable. There
are some that nothing in the world can
help. Yet so many men and women
write in daily about the wonderful re-

sults that I gladly make
this oiler. Try this re-
markable treatment for 30
days. Then, if you’re not
delighted simply return the
treatment and you will get your
money back instantly and without
question. There's no room here to
tell you all about your hair and about
the amazing contract I offer you. But
I will be glad to tell you all about
it if you are interested. Just mail
the coupon and I will send, in plain
wrapper, without cost, a wonderfully
interesting booklet that describes in
detail the system that is proving a
boon to thousands in this and other
countries. Mail this coupon and the
free Booklet will reach you by return
mail. Allied Merke Institute, Inc.,
Dept. 1621, 512 Fifth Avenue, New
York City.

Allied Merke Institute, Inc.,

Dept. 1621, 512 Fifth Ave.,

New York City

 Please send me in plain wrapper—with-
out cost or obligation—a copy of your free
book, "The New Way to Grow Hair," de-
scribing the Merke System.

Name.....................

Address ...................

City..................State.
6

Ghost Stories

If you want to boost your pay quick. Mail
the Coupon now. Be an Auto Expert.
It’s the one Business for the red-blooded,
ambitious man who wants to make retl
money! I help you do it. Get all the par-
ticulars about my lifetime Employment
Service and my lifetime Consultation
Service—both of which I include Free of
Extra Charge.

find out how .	..

I train	^^1	Don t sell

Inv i m AUll	your time for

!	*ow pay! You

4 | 1111 | p *	don't need to!

Ml II ” Facts! Find out
IS B P how you can become a
(SB Big Pay Man in amazingly
rw quick time! These 3 FREE Les-
;| sons show you why you can stay
home: keep your present job! They
prove that you don’t have toleave your
doorstep—that you can Master every
branch of Auto work right in your own
home. Send Coupon while I can still
offer you these 3 Lessons absolutely

Jlbsolutely)

wcookex

Directing

Engineer

GET THE

FACTS/

About the Tremen-
dous Money-Making
Opportunities in the
WORLD'S
BIGGEST BUSINESS!

Find out how you can get into this gigantic
Auto Business! Think of it—7 Thousand
Million Dollars paid to Auto men every
year for upkeep alone'. See why there are
to many Tremendous Opportunities for
the trained Auto Man to get Big Raises
m Pay QUICK!—opportunities waiting
for YOU! My Free Book shows why. My
Free Lessons show how you can take ad-
vantage of these wonderful Opportunities.

Be

'mmm

an

IgSpSft

cAct

My Big New Auto
Book Also FREE

Coupon brings this startling, revolu-
tionary, new Auto Book, also abso-
lutely Free! Shows how hun-
dreds of men have reached Big
Pay in amazingly QUICK Time!
Shows what you
can do! Send for it
nowt

B.W. Cooke Engineer

CHICAGO MOTOR TRAINING
CORPORATION

Ifl6 Sunnyslde Are. Dept. 143 Chicago

I’ll PROVE

That I Can Put YOU in line for
the BIG PAT JOBS—QUICKS

      Clip coupon now! I’ll send you absolutely FREE
      OF CHARGE — with positively no obligation on
      your part—3 “JOB-WAY” Anto Lessons and Job9
      and my big, new Auto Book also! I want you to see
      for yourself—just why B. W. Cooke “JOB-WAY”
      Training 13 bringing so many men BIG Money in
      such remarkably quick time. I want you to see
      what it can do for you!

Send Coupon at ONCE!

     Learn how men without a day's previous auto
     experience, and only common schooling become
     Garage Owners, Superintendents, Managers and
     can earn up to $150 a Week and more! See why
     hundreds of men have found “JOB-WAY” to
     be such interesting, practical Training!

          I stand ready to give you absolute proof. Clip
          COUPON NOW and I’ll rush your Lessons to
          you Absolutely Freet

See How Tou Can Earn up to

*150 a Week

  If you’re earning a cent less
  than $60 a week, clip coupon
  nowt Get the proof. See for
  yourself how easily you can
  master Auto work right in
  your own home — and how
  quickly you can get in line for
  the big Auto Jobs that pay up
  to $10,000 a year and more—
  or in a Money-Making Auto

 Business of your own. Re-
 member — these lessons and
 Jobs come to you absolutely
 FREE of charge and with-
 out any obi i gation on	§
 your part what-
 ever.
GHOST

January

8

1927

NEVER SCOFF

at a GHOST

By Qeorge IDilliam IPilder

       OW often have you heard people say “Ghosts? Nonsense! No such thing."
       “Who can believe that any but human beings of flesh and blood exist on
       this globe?” “There is no such thing as a haunt—and certainly no such
       thing as vengeance after death. This is a material world”?

   Attend the case of Wizard Clip of West Virginia:

   Long years ago, history states, in a little town in Jefferson County, West
Virginia, a man lay dying. He was in the cabin of a neighbor, Adam Livingston.
Death seemed inevitable, and Livingston did all in his power to relieve the physical
suffering of his guest.

   Came the dying man’s request that Livingston get a spiritual adviser, a clergy-
man. Livingston refused.

   The guest died, and from the time of that death, through many years that
followed, a series of portentous events colored the life of Adam Livingston that
only ended when he, himself—in terror and a nervous wreck—sought the aid of a
recognized minister of the gospel and received what amounted to divine ameliora-
tion.

   Shortly after the stranger’s death, horses are said to have been heard circling
the Livingston house, the steady tread, tread of their hoofs jarring the nerves of the
inhabitants. Dishes pitched from their shelves and were broken; pieces of coal
sprang from the fire; a barn burned down; heads were cut from chickens—all with
no physical, human explanation.

   Next came sounds of the grinding of shears as they clipped. Suits of clothes,
hair from women’s heads, shoes, curtains—all were clipped to shreds. This gave
rise to the “Wizard Clip” as the name of the Livingston ghost.

   Rumor declares that a woman, a skeptic, going to visit the Livingstons, had in
the pocket of her dress a silk cap. She scoffed at the Livingston haunt—and
when her cap was removed from her pocket, the cap was in shreds, plainly having
been clipped. But no one ever saw the shears or the wielder of the cutting blades.

   You never saw a ghost—you never touched a ghost—perhaps you never heard
a ghost. But how can you say that they don’t exist? Beware of scoffing! Be-
ware—lest your clothes fall away in shreds, lest the haunt of horses’ tramping
hoofs wreck your peace. Beware—lest scoffing bring upon you shattered nerves,
a restless spirit, a craving for peace that can be satisfied nowhere.

7
The SPECTER of Ihe

           IPhen Smith u?as made Deputy Police Commissioner
           he neuer dreamed he mould be throu?n in touch with

THERE are a few hoary-
haired, retired policemen
who once pounded the
pavements of New York’s
Chinatown, and who haven't
forgotten the ghost of Tsing Lai
Low.

  But if you encountered one of
these and asked him for the story, he’d only wink know-
ingly, shrug—then walk away without replying.

  As one of the leading actors in this thrilling drama, per-
haps the weirdest that ever shook New York’s yellow
quarter— from the fan-tan rat holes behind the dingy shops
to the stinking opium dives in the catacombs beneath the
roadways and ramshackle tenements—I am able to tell the
story—all of it. And it will be the first time the truth has
ever appeared in print.

  I must go back to early December, 19—, and, for the
purpose of this tale—for particular reasons—I shall be
"John Smith."

  Six months previous, I had been appointed a Deputy
Police Commissioner and assigned to direct the fight against
the distribution of contraband narcotics in the Chinese
district. This appointment came largely because of the fact
that I had held a government post in China for a few years,
and thereafter was supposed to possess an intimate knowl-
edge of Celestials and their habits.

  My Asiatic experience had taught me that the harder a
white man tries to pry into the secrets of the Orient, the
more he realizes they are beyond his ken, but, however,
it didn’t take me long to learn that opium, shipped from
Germany and Turkey, was being smuggled into Chinatown
in such quantities that the price had dropped from $150 a
can, to $80.

  Of course we arrested and tried to pump many of the
known persistent smokers, the worst of the white and yellow
driftwood. But, though we kept some of these in cells until
they were half mad for a “drag at the dope,” none would
squeal. Also, though we uncovered and closed up a few of
the joints, we never located sufficient of them to do any
good. And we couldn’t get a line on how the stuff was
being smuggled in and who was distributing it.

■plNALLY I decided that the contraband was being
brought into the quarter in the early morning hours,
when the streets were practically deserted and the uniformed
and plain-clothes men on the night shift would be least
watchful. I made a surprise trip there around three o’clock
one morning and caught the men of the detail huddled in
doorways beyond the sweep of the winter wind. I read the
riot act. It’s hard enough to catch a Chinese crook with
everybody on the alert. With the police half asleep—good
night I After that I made it my business to slip into China-
town early each morning. The men were distinctly on their
jobs. But all reported, “Nothing doing.”

  Tliis went on for several days. Then came Sunday,
December 16th. It was two o’clock in the morning in a
raging snow storm when I swung from the Chatham Square

     8

“L” station. I had all but reached
the upper west corner of the
quarter, when a policeman whom
I recognized as Clancy, a veteran
of the section, came stumbling
backward out of a tenement door-
way, lunging out wildly with his
club.

 “What the -” I began as he bumped into me. He

turned with a jerk, and his hand went up in salute. I saw
the man was badly frightened, for his eyes fairly bulged
and his jaws twitched as he tried to speak.

  “Come on, man. Be yourself,” and I shook him roughly.
“What’s up?”

  “God!” he gasped, then shot a frightened glance over his
shoulder toward the entry, where the door stood open.

  I felt certain Clancy wasn't doped or drunk. He was
one of the old reliables of the force, and anytlring which
had given him such a jolt must be decidedly unusual.

  “I just had the scare of my life, Chief," he added shame-
facedly, making an effort to recover his composure. “I
never saw a ghost before. But if I didn’t see one in there,

just ’fore you came along, I’ll be-”

  “What are you driving at?”

“1 ISTEN, Chief. I’m telling you on the square. I was
slipping along here looking for an unlocked door so’s I
could get in out of the storm for a few minutes. I stepped
into the hall. I had just removed my coat to shake off the
snow, when I heard a sound, and looked up. There was
old Tsing Lai Low—standing on the stairs! You know,
the fellow they call the Svise one.’ I nearly took a flop.
Just as I was raising my club to give him a crack he sud-
denly pointed up, then—just disappeared into the air, right

before my eyes and while the hall light was on him so's-”

  “And you lost your head, eh ?” I watched his expression

closely. “You’re certain-”

  “I know what you’re thinking, Chief. But I’m telling you
straight. I’ve known old Tsing for more’n twenty years
and couldn’t be mistaken. But—well, I’ll swear he didn’t
go up stairs. And you know he didn’t pass you.”

  I was about convinced that for once Clancy had yielded
to hard liquor in the hope of warming his blood and it had
gone to his head. “We’ll stop guessing and learn the truth,”
I replied sharply. “Tsing’s flat is on the third floor. I’ve
been there often. We’ll go up there right now. Walk
quietly. No good waking up the whole tenement and bring-
ing half a hundred Chinks around us.”

  Obviously Clancy had seen something. No man, drunk
or sober, could have so counterfeited the fear that he had
shown. And he had not known of my presence when he
came stumbling from the tenement, striking at nothing.
But, though his story was too fanciful for me to swallow,
I wanted to make certain of Tsing’s safety. For I con-
sidered him a real friend. After I had established that fact,
I would try to ascertain the foundation for the cop’s hallu-
cination. However, as my identity still was unknown to
the riff-raff of the quarter and must remain so if I were

By “John Smith”

6Is lold to
Jllan Uan Hoesen
1]ELL01P Quarter

assigned to clean up trade in narcotics in Chinatown,
some unseen u^orld before his case could be settled

                                   moan, came
                                   from some-
                                   where in the
                                   darkness be-
                                   yond.

I found the elec-
tric button and
pressed it. Instantly the inner
hallway sprang- into light
Again we heard the fear-
some groan, but fainter. Jerking Clancy inside. I closed

 to accomplish anything, I cautioned him to say nothing.

   As we rounded the head of the stairway and turhed toward
 the front I thought I caught a low groan, as of some one
 in pain. A gasp behind me indicated that Clancy also had
 heard. It was with taut muscles and heart pounding that I
 hastened forward and grasped the door handle. To my
 surprise the door opened. But for a moment we stood
 rooted in our tracks as another groan, a sort of choking

“I heard a sound,
and looked up. There
was old Tsing Lai
Low—standing on
the Stairs’

9
10

Ghost stories

the door with-
out sound and
snapped one of
the several locks
upon its inner
side. Next, re-
volver in hand
and followed
closely by the
policeman, I tip-
toed to the far
end, where
heavy dragon-
bedecked silk
curtains hid the
roo m beyond.

This was a large
room which I
knew Tsing Lai
Low used as a
combination
study and living
quarters. I was
glad to note a
slit of light
shining between
the drapes.

  The next in-
stant I had flung
them aside, and
crossed ' the
threshold, my
weapon ready
for action. What
I saw, all but
stunned me. The
place, instead of
being as I had
last seen it—an
orderly room,
rich Oriental
resplendent with
hangings and
tapestries, inlaid
teakwood furni-
ture and an as-
sortment of cost-
ly ornaments
from the shops
of Tokyo’s mas-
ter craftsmen—
was topsy-turvy and litter-
strewn. Drawers had been
pulled and tossed to the
floor. Curtains had been
rudely torn from the walls,
chairs had been over-
turned. Innumerable pa-
pers showing Chinese
characters upon their

pages, were scattered everywhere. I also noted the gleam
of coins, gold and silver, here and there upon the rugs.

  Only a large, jeweled Buddha on a gilded pedestal be-
tween the heavily screened front windows, appeared to be
in its proper place.

  But this chaos—obviously the work of vandals who had
wrecked the wise man’s quarters in a hasty and far-reaching
search for something for which they had intruded—held me
only momentarily. Everything suggested that something far
more sinister had occurred. Then I recalled the groans.
Perhaps they had come from Tsing.

Picking my way carefully, so as not to disturb anything,
I moved toward the doorway leading to the rooms running

 Dr

                    parallel to the inner hallway. As I
                    rounded the desk, I stumbled over the
                    body of the man I sought, lying upon
                    his back, his wrinkled, parchment-like
                    face contorted into a horrible grimace.
                    The handle of a dagger, protruding
                    from above his heart, indicated how
                    he had met his end. Unquestionably
                    the patriarch had fought hard for his
                    life, for his silken garments were in
                    ribbons and blood upon the knuckles
                    of both hands indicated lie had bat-
                    tered at least one of his assailants.

                  I^ROPPING upon my knees, I made
                  a hasty examination. Appar-
                  ently Tsing had been dead but a
                  brief time, for his body was still
                  warm. The discovery made me
                  catch my breath. For it was less
                  than half an hour before—plainly
                  about the time that the murderer
                  had struck—that Clancy had seen
                  the old man upon the stairway.
                  But—had he seen Tsing? I
                  recalled that he had said the
                  thing which frightened him
                  had been a ghost—that it
                  had disappeared into thin
                  air before his very eyes.
                  "What do you make
                  of it, Chief?”

                                        The cop’s query snap-
                                      ped me back to my duty
                                      of the moment. I shook
                                      my head, then bent
                                      again and examined the
                                      hilt of the dagger. It
                                      was short, of black jade
                                      into which scrolls of
                                      silver had been cun-
                                      ningly inserted, and
                                      had a peculiarly twisted
                                      guard. I recognized it
                                      instantly as an arm-
                                      dagger, the kind I had
                                      seen carried by Chinese

of caste in the Orient. It fitted into a sheath strapped about
the left arm near the elbow, where it was hidden by a flowing
sleeve, but could be reached instantly with the right hand
in case of emergencies.

  To me the weapon established two things. First: Tsing
had not been slain by a typical tong bravo. Such a killer
would have used either an axe or a large caliber revolver.
For, the tong murderer is a terrorist. He uses the more
brutal weapons that all friends of the man slain may know
that the assassination was part of an organization feud.
Second: the old man was killed by a Chinese of one of the
better castes, who had come to Tsing with certain de-
marfds, and had struck only when the other had refused
THE SPECTER Ob' THE YELLOW QUARTER	11

into New York about two years previous,
and since then she had lived in the seclusion
01 his home.

  I plunged into the room beyond, the sleeping quarters of

and attacked him. The quality o£ the knife told me that.

 “Would you want to get Headquarters, sir?” queried
Clancy, nodding toward a telephone instrument upon a
taboret as I arose.

  “Not yet. Things have been breaking too fast for me to
think clearly. In the excitement I forgot there should be
others here. Wait till I come back. Don't touch anything
in the room.”

 The “others” who shared the place with Tsing Lai Low
were Lee Poy, his aged servant, and his adopted daughter,
Bow Ming, a beautiful Chinese girl of perhaps sixteen,
whose existence in the quarter I believed was known to no
other white man. By some means Tsing had smuggled her

the murdered man. The electric lights were burning.
Though the coverings of the couch had been drawn back
for the night, the orderly condition of the bed proved the
old man had not slept there. And the fact that the couch
and the. other contents of the room had not been touched,
indicated that the intruders either had been frightened away
before completing their search for the mysterious something
—or had located it in the study.

1 SWUNG aside the curtains which I knew concealed the
■■ three small but luxuriously furnished rooms that Tsing
had turned over to Bow Ming. The first two were lighted,
and orderly. Then I came to the third, the girl’s sleeping
chamber. What I saw forced a sigh of mingled dread and
relief. For, though she was not there and murdered, as I
had feared, it was only too plain that she had been there
recently and had been removed by violence. The bed cloth-
ing had been dragged to the floor, the garments she had
discarded when disrobing lay scattered about an overturned
chair and-

Then again came that tantalizing groan—-but barely audi-
ble this time—from the rear, where Lee Poy cooked and
slept. I found him, all but insensible, trussed and bleeding,
lying in a corner into which he had been thrown by his
assailants.

It required some minutes after I had removed the
cords to bring him around sufficiently for him to recog-
nize me. Then I helped him to a chair, gave him a
drink and waited until he was able to stand, before
questioning him.

His story was brief. He had been sleeping when
aroused by a cry from the front
Rushing there, he had been
overpowered by three
natives who beat and
bound him, then
rushed him to the
kitchen and
hurled him
into a corner,
where he
(Continued
on page 92)

Chino Joe stood
over the cower-
ing Bow Ming, a
m u r de r ou s-
looking whip in
his hand
Johnny Kelly's

CHRISTMAS GHOST

THE tinkle of a tiny bell, shaken vigorously by a
scarlet-coated Salvation Army Santa at the curb,
echoed cheerily through the frosty air.

I stepped into the
doorway of a little
shop whose lights, peeping
from behind panes festooned
with greens and holly, shone
out into the shabby thorough-
f are.	(

  For my numbed and- tired
limbs called for a moment or
two of rest. Rest, beyond
the reaches of the steadily
falling snow which the wind
from the not-distant river
whipped into swirls before
tossing it into drifts along
the pavement. Rest, to re-
cover a bit of energy to con-
tinue the gladsome task which
had kept me on the move
almost continuously since
early morning.

  For it was Christmas
Eve, and I had spent
the day distributing
gifts and money among
those of the great city's
needy whom I knew
personally.

  As I wiped the snow
from my eyes and
dusted it from the fur
about my throat, the
little bell again sent
forth its merry clatter.

  I looked at the coun-
terfeit Santa who ’
stamped energetically
about his kettle to keep
up circulation in his
body. But no hint of
his personal discomfort
could be noted in his
twinkling eyes, or his mouth,
twisted into a grin behind his ill-
fitting whiskers.

  And, as one or another of the
bundle laden crowd that trudged past
him tossed a coin into the snow covered
bottom of his kettle, there seemed Lo be
music in the tone of his never fai.mg,

“Thank you! Merry Christmas!”

  Anxious to do my bit toward keeping
that particular pot boiling with a liberal contribution which
would go toward providing a bumper Christmas dinner for
the city’s derelicts on the morrow, I opened my purse and
reached deep with eager fingers. But I gasped a bit when
they drew forth but two coins: a silver quarter and a nickel.
“Surely there must be some mistake,” I thought. “There
12

By Antoinette Qregory
As related by
Edu?in A. Qoeu?ey

must be a bill or two hidden in some corner.” But, though
I searched each pocket carefully, not even a stray penny
rewarded me. I had been even more liberal in my Christmas
giving than I had supposed. All that remained was thirty
cents.

And even that shabby sum would have
to be divided. For between the little
shop on the outskirts of a tenement-lined
stretch of Murray Hill, in whose door-
way I had sought temporary shelter, and
my home in the middle reaches of
Riverside drive, there lay several
miles of slippery streets. I could not
walk the distance. Unfatigued I would
have hesitated to attempt the hike in
the face of the storm which made all
walking a real effort. But, already
about "all in,” I knew I could not
make my way on foot. The nickel
must go for a subway ride which
would carry me over a portion of my
journey.

I dropped the smaller coin back into
my purse. But, as I held the other,
ready to toss it into Santa’s
yawning kettle, a new
thought came to plague me
—one which drove all other
ideas temporarily from
my mind.	.

I had not yet visited
  the Kelly tene-
  ment at the
  other end of
  Murray Hill.
  The little
  three-room flat
  in which lived
  the widow,
  Bridget Kelly,
  who eked out
  just sufficient
  by “day work”
  to maintain a
  home and feed

And his Features-	and clotheher-

somehow they appeared	self and her

familiar	five-year-old

son, Johnny. What would Johnny think if I missed him?

  Tears of vexation came to my eyes as I thought of them.
For I was fond of Bridget, always hard working and un-
complaining. And of all my young friends, I loved Johnny
JOHNNY KELLY’S CHRISTMAS GHOST

13

Lillie Johnny faces a lean Christmas, with no
toys, no cheer, hardly enouqh food. Then,
from some unseen world, comes-

most. For he was a manly fellow, ever planning and
looking forward to the day when he would be old enough

to “go to work and help Mother.”	_

  I would have given material help long ago—to both of
them—but the proud Bridget would not permit. Kind words
she welcomed. Charity she refused. She would continue
to work and care for Johnny until he had been to school.

And then-

  But how could I have
forgotten them ? They
had been foremost in my
mind when I left home
that morning. For three
years I had done what I
could to make Johnny’s
Christmas brighter—to
prove that Santa Claus re-
membered the children of
the tenements as well as
those of the avenues. My
lapse of memory hurt.

Even though I had
been climbing stair-
ways since early
morning,
though time

with Mrs. Kelly and her little son, I wished that, by some
freak of chance, they could be placed in possession of a
secret hoard of money I was certain that old house con-
tained. Money which had been hidden there by a former
owner. That cache probably would be sufficient to place
the plucky widow and her boy beyond want for a long time.
But I put aside my wish in order that I might consider
the more material need of the present.
It was not too late, even then, to make
good for my lapse. I glanced at my
watch. Only nine o’clock. Bracing
myself for the long walk to the nearest
subway station, I plunged out into the
storm. My quarter plumped into the
snow at the bottom of Santa’s
kettle as I reached the curb.
And his cheery, “Thank you,
lady! Merry Christmas I” fol-
lowed me as I dodged across the
roadway through lumbering,
swerving vehicles.

                            It was not until I had edged
                          my way into a seat in the car
                          of a northbound train that I had
                          ■opportunity to think of
                          anything but the storm
                          which I had breasted, of
                          how to keep from slipping,
                          and keep the snow from
                          my eyes so that I could
                          note the streets I
                          traversed. But,
                          when I recovered
                          my wits, I at
                          once remembered

“Come, come,
Johnny. You’re
not afraid of

Santa Claua, are
you?”

after time I had replenished my stock of toys and candy,
though I had spent hours planning the distribution of gifts
with wan and work-worn mothers, I should not have for-
gotten Johnny.

  Then, as many times, since I first had become acquainted

Johnny and the
necessity of pre-
venting bitter dis-
appointment coming to him on the morrow. And
the thought seemed to give me new strength
and courage. I was eager to carry on until I had fulfilled
the task to which I had set myself.

  Then, probably because of old associations connected with
the tenement in which the Kellys lived. I recalled the first
Christmas Eve I could remember. For it had been spent
in the self same structure.

But tilings were so different then, (Continued on page 54)
“^Tnei] ID ho Play IPith

        If Jennings, distraught, nervous, worried, could have
      the spiritual advice given by his friend, then he never
      committed his cjhaslly crime
      By Jim Kirkland	Qold to Mark Mellen

" AVE me, Kirkland, save me for the love of God!”
said Ed Jennings when I had led him into my living
j room. “Don’t let it get me, will you?” His deep
bass voice now was so husky I could barely dis-
tinguish words.

"Sit down, man. Whatever is the matter with you ? Take
the big leather chair—that’s right. Wait a second and I’ll

pour you a drink. Take it straight, or with a little-?”

  “No—no! Don’t leave me!” he cried, taking hold of my
arm as I walked past him toward the cupboard in the dining
room. "I—I can’t bear to be alone.”

  "All right—as you wish. Have a cigar. They’re right
at your elbow, on the stand there. Match ?”

  Ed Jennings was my next door neighbor in Deauville,
where detached frame houses and wide, spacious lawns and
hedges were the rule. His house stood fifty feet or so from
mine. Seeing him on the Commuters’ Special of a morning
regularly, and mowing his lawns of a Saturday afternoon,
or comfortably reading his paper on his front porch of a
Sunday morning, his wife at his side—I came to know a
normal, contented business man of thirty-five or so, happily
married, entirely satisfied with the placid routine that made
up his little world.

IMAGINE my surprise, then, when he walked in on me like
this—looking like the wreck of the man I had grown
accustomed to see. His white collar, always spotless, stood
up on one side, as if he had started to take it off and got
only half-way finished with the job. His hair was rumpled
and hung down over his eyes. He was in his vest and shirt-
sleeves, and baggy carpet slippers covered his feet.

  While I held the lighted match to his cigar, I did some
rapid thinking. What could tliis mean? I knew the man
only slightly, and as a dignified, steady fellow. To see him
looking as he did, and in this upset state of mind—why, I
might have a lunatic on my hands. Plainly, my best plan
was to humor him—at least, until I could be on more
familiar ground.

  “Now tell me,” I said, making my voice as calm and even
as I could, “what is this that’s pursuing you?”

  “Why, it’s a frightful, clawing monster—it’s nothing. I
really don’t know what it is.”

  Instinctively I reached toward a pair of fire tongs that
rested close at hand beside my fireplace. My impulse was
self-protection, if, indeed, I had a madman to deal with.
“Clawing monster—nothing! . . . .” Outwardly I smiled,
and made myself appear cool and collected. But before I
could frame a reply he went on:

  "I’ve wanted to come over and have a talk with you
Kirkland. But I just couldn’t get myself to do it. Hang it!
Why should a man thrust his troubles onto another? But
tonight I felt so unstrung—so unnerved, I suddenly made up
my mind to come. And here I am.”

  The man wasn’t entirely irrational. Back of his wild
appearance and jumpy condition, he retained all his faculties.
There was a sort of sensitive consideration, too, for he knew
he was at liberty to drop in on a solitary bachelor like me,
any time he pleased. I saw now that my best move was to
wait and see what was in his mind, then act accordingly.

  “Kirkland, I know you are interested in spiritualism,” he
said. “I have tried every known way to rid myself of a
bugbear that hounds me every minute I’m awake—which is
nearly every minute I live. I’ve failed. And now I’m
pinning my hopes in you.”

  I waited. Rapidly I went over in my mind, what he had
said. It is true I hold to the beliefs of the church—sect,
if you like—called Spiritualism. Yet I was at a loss to
know just how that fact could be of use to Jennings. I didn't
know what it was that troubled him. I didn’t know whether
or not I should propound the doctrines of my belief to him—
narrate for him some of the demonstrations I had seen. I
seemed to be at a complete loss.

  A present and vital need, as I could plainly see, was to
get the man in a calm frame of mind. While he talked,
his hand had kept going to his head, his fingers combing
through his hair. And instead of looking me in the face
as he spoke, he would glance at me, then stare at the book-
shelves across the room, quickly find the corner of the
mantel behind me with a swift glance, then show the whites
of his eyes in a nervous start as he focused his attention on
me again. So, I took a safe tack and trusted to developments
to guide me.

  “Let me give you a viewpoint, old man,” I said. “All life
is spirit. Not material, understand. All that really lives is
spirit. When you once realize that, you will find your affairs
shifting around into natural grooves. Nothing much can
worry you if you once understand that great fundamental
trudi. Even death will cease to terrify you. For, if all life
is spirit, then life goes on after death. Come now, buck up!
These worries of yours can’t amount to much. All that
really is, is spirit.”

T COULD see I had caught his attention, for he kept his
eyes on me steadily until I had finished. He didn’t at-
tempt to speak, not until he had given some thought to what
I had said. Then he turned to me, a light of earnest zeal

14
SACRED

mgs

used sanely
would have

brightening his
face.

 “You mean
that a man will
putter along
with something
on his mind, for
months or years
maybe, without
settling his
worry? But if
he once got it
Into his head
that all life is
Spirit, then he
fvould stop wor-
tying ? He
would keep his
mind on the
spiritual side ot
affairs, and be
calm in his
mind? Is that it?”

  “Precisely.” I was
surprised that the man
had caught my mean-
ing so well.

  He drifted into an-
other few moments of
thoughtful silence, and
when he spoke again,

I believed he had
taken himself in hand.

At that moment I lit-
tle dreamed how far
wrong my judgment
of his condition was.

  “Kirkland, there is
no reason why I
should force my personal his-	„

tory on you, but I'm going to.	h°/J

1 want to because you seem so	to see you again”

well able to help me. My trou-
ble is all in my mind. It began
about a year ago. It was at the

time my wife began to ail and fret so unaccountably.”

  ‘'And you think there is a connection between the two?”

  ‘'Undoubtedly. I wake up at night, and see her standing
at the foot of my bed. She is crouching, ready to spring at
me. Her face is distorted horribly, so that she seems like
a creature who might have lived ten thousand years ago—
on raw flesh, and in a cave. I start up, terrified, when I see
her so—and when I get the courage to speak, or leave im-

bed lo investigate, she disappears. Each time, for three
times after this apparition has appeared, I have gone to my
wife’s room, and there I have found her peacefully asleep.
On days following these visitations, I inquire cautiously
how she has slept, and she gives me no sign that she was
disturbed during the night.”

“That’s very strange," I said when he paused. I really
was held fascinated by what he was telling me. Here was

15
16

G110 ST STORIES

“All life is spirit—I can see it!
I feel it! After death there is
no worry—All is happiness!”

asked my distracted neighbor.

  “No. She won’t go. She says that slenderness and a thin
face are the things for her type of beauty. That’s the way
she puts it. And when she has a temperamental outburst,
she calls it ‘upset nerves/ and lets it go at that. No, she
won’t see a doctor. And frankly, I’m worried lest she waste
away. Why, she has gone down from a hundred and thirty
to about a hundred, in the last year. If she keeps on she’ll

die,	sure.”

  I was drawn to the man, and wanted to help him. But
I couldn’t see what specific thing I could say or do right
then to relieve him of his worry. I could make a quiet
investigation within the few days following, right enough,
but what he needed was a friendly (Continued on page 88)

a poltergeist, or an astral body demonstration, or maybe an
example of thought transference, right next door to me 1
“I say that my wife began to ail and fret about a year
ago,” he went on nervously. “She did. She is irritable with
me, apparently for no reason. She doesn’t like the cut of
the clothes I wear. She says they should be less conserva-
tive, more showy. If I go out of an evening, I tell her I’ll
be home at eleven. I go nowhere without her except to
the Civil Club in
town, for a game of
cards. But if I come
home at eleven-fif-
teen, even at a quar-
ter to eleven, she
upbraids me for not
keeping my word to
the minute. She tells
me out of a clear
sky: ‘I hate you! I
don’t know why I
ever married

well enough. It seemed to me there might be some natural
reason why his wife was tired of him, and wanted to be rid
of him. But I couldn’t ask him that. And from what I
knew, from observing the man, Jennings was an ideal
husband. He went regularly to his work and made a fair
income in the export business. I say fair, for he owned a
house that couldn’t be bought under twelve thousand, always
dressed well, and dealt with the best provision stores in

town. He rarely went out
without his wife, as I knew.

“Have you seen a doctor
about Mrs. Jennings?” I

you

and ten minutes later she is
putting her arms around my
neck, and saying how sorry
she is to have made such an outburst. Then each time
she confesses to me, like a child, that she spoke as she

did,	because she was in the grip of something—forced to
fly into a tantrum, because something compelled her to.”
This was a serious matter. But I said nothing to Jennings,
and nodded for him to continue.

  "And she is losing weight, Kirkland. She is wasting
away. And my nightmares go right on. Tonight I saw her
btanding at the door. She pointed her finger at me, and
said: ‘Get away from here! I never want to see you
again!’ And when I went into the house, I found her up-
stairs, reading. Her maid told me she hadn’t left her room
since lunch-time. And it was that experience which weighed
on me until I came over here to talk to you tonight.”

  I was greatly interested, needless to say. I wanted to pry
into Jennings’ affairs, but I dare not. I didn’t know the man
Cfhe

BLACK SPIDER

terrible price before he learned the Irulh

By Edmund Snell

 and smiled,

 Bianca Seldon

arrm, yoi

come,
pnk onel

lo you ?”

 ■•'’nut it really is too funny,
 to look after me—and I'vj
 after her ever since w<

Ihouqlii

Kamaqa Ihe Jap Ihouqht he could improve on
the laws of Qod and Tlalurc. He paid a

 HE fury of the storm had died down. But the
 Batilcoa still dipped and rolled to the tune of an

                              was gradually dimin-
                              m of dampness in the
                              ling and shifting of
                              nt of the thorough-_
                              ing, lashing,

T

•	I enraged sea-god whose
I. ishing. There was a sug
corridors and a constant
heavy weights overhead that was e’
ness with which the original labor o
stowing, had been undone.

   Of the two hundred or 40 first-class
could muster sufficient courage to face
saloon. One was a thin, daWMjEnelishma
humored, weather-beaten counWMHHfaJ^he
tall, slim girl.

  The man—whose age might have
forty and fifty sat at a small table at the star
table-napkin’ across his knees, studying the
glanced up presently and caught the girl in th
at him.

   Two forlorn people in a forest oi yMj
absurd.

   "Why don’t you comg,across tWreT Miss

 “I’m glad to hear you say;that, because the second officer
 spoke of it as a squall.'

 Her companion laugh

 "One of the first duti<j£ of an officer on a passenger ship
 is to keep up the courage of the passengers. As a matter
 of fact, he’s not therapy one aboard who’s heartily glad we
 ailed through withjjjjp few casualties as we did.”

 (ianca’s darkjmjpopened wide.

     sualties! mean people were injured?”
     ingley lookdrat his hands.

               jst one or two,
               issengers ?^

         leaven^j^LasQ)|!i^Jrincipally. .It’s these risks
         jp the sea as a profession. By
         7t say anything to Mrs. Parrett. It
         her. What are you eating ?”

                     a pair of glasses in his top pocket,
                     and perched them on the bridge of

 “So do 1, My "Companion—Mrs. B
 completely knocked out. I'd ratht
 you don’t mind, Doctor. I dqtt^
 t so much nearer the
 ndrew Langley crossed ovjf
 “It was a wild night,” he sgk^F'Did you sic
 She shook her head.

 “Not much.” A sudden JHKght made her smile

 pose one oughtn’t to lauj
 Mrs. Parrett was supj
 doing nothing but.,
 Southampton.”

 “Not a good sailori

*r here.'   meals?     
ices the    vou’ra     
             Laiij     
               “Na     
              “Th.     
             going to  
ki sup-        Tho     
ftnPoor   credi|l( 3WS 
wnljlen      11D_, rry 
      linly. I’m not fugling the least bit ill,
      lat you -thin^^joly J do like to have
      |m a floor as possmfc : The purser tells
      |meo. Perhaps you’ve^bct ray brother?’

 "BY no meamjr She was ill in the train before we em-
 ^ barked.	Langley, I suppose that really was a

 storm last night?”

 He raised his brows.

 “I should imagine so. What did you think it was?”

 “A really bad one, I mean?”

 Langley rubbed a spot on his chin that his razor had
 somehow missed.

 “The worst I «*ver remember—and I’ve done a few
 trips. Why ?’’

      leldon ?”

     kHe manages an estate near MirabaltT
          lere.”

kback in his chair, staring at her in-

Seldon ! course ! You couldn’t be anybody
ister.”
faldn’t I?”

“Not very well. Yfl®jkextraordinarily like him, ypu
know. Can’t think why^Hfcdn’t occur to me before. 1
imagine it’s because he’s knfHtall over the island as Barry
and nobody thinks of him asjnrion at all. So you’re going
to Mirabalu? We shall be qWKnear neighbors.’

 Bianca’s eyes sparkled.

 “Now isn’t that just too delightful! Mrs. Parrett’s going
 on to Foochow and I shall have to find my way from Singa-
 pore without her. I wonder if you’re willing to undertake
 a fearful responsibility?”

 Langley was engaged in smothering his grape-fruit with
 castor sugar.

                                                           17
18

GHOST STORIES

   ‘"Fearful responsibility?' Just what do you mean?"
   "Taking charge, of me from Singapore to Mirabalu.”

   The doctor relinquished his spoon and sat up.

   "I shall be delighted, of course.”

   "Then that’s settled. What an idiot Barry was not to tell
 me you were coming by this boat. It would have saved such
 a lot of trouble.”

   "Barry didn’t know, I was due back a month ago. but
managed to get my leave extended." He surveyed her doubt-
fully. "I don’t know that you’re going to be altogether
satisfied with this arrangement. I have no small talk and
my dancing is execrable."

   “You can tell me all about Mirabalu," suggested Bianca
 hopefully.”

 •'IN

^ m

     about half-a-dozen sentences. Mirabalu is a wilder-
 ness populated by half-baked niggers and Chinese coolies,
 with about seven white men to look after them. There’s
 not another white woman for fifteen miles."

   The girl laughed.

   "What a charming description! If it's really a.s
 bad as you try to make out, why does anybody live
 there at all ?" •

   “That is a question which invariably crops up at
 about the fourth whisky. The queer thing is that
 nobody’s ever been able to answer it. Whenever a
 chap goes on leave he takes a fond and final farewell
 of his friends, murmurs something vague about in-
 fluence and a comfortable job at home—and drifts
 back to the same old area as soon as ever his time
 is up."

 Bianca frowned.	v

   “Then it can’t be such a desperately bad place
after all," she declared. "Would you like to live
in England?"

   The doctor shuddered.

   “Not on your life. D’you know,

 Miss Seldon, I believe there were only
 nine days in the entire seven months
 when it didn’t rain.”

 "There you are,” cried
 Bianca triumphantly;

"you men are all the
same. You drink
more than is
good for you,
develop liver
trouble, and dis-
tort your outlook
on life, Really
and truly, I ex-
pect Mirahata
is a delightful

spot, with glorious views and any amount of amusement
to he had if one only takes the trouble to look for it.”
Langley smiled.

   "You’ll find out soon enough.”

   "1 suppose I shall. Anyhow I’ve fully made up my mind
to enjoy myself."

   "You'll be bitten to death," said the doctor.

   "I don’t care. Barry says you get over that.”

   "You'll be eternally pestered by a mob of disorderly young
 ruffians, each with a proposal of marriage in the back of
 his mind.”

    "I shall like that.”

   “And you’ll be very unwise if you accept any of ’em,
because your brother’s bungalow is the very best in the
neighborhood; the only one, in fact, with glass windows.”
lie chuckled to himself and moved to one side to allow the
irpward to take his plate. “You'll like Mirabalu, the life,
the views, everything. Presently you’ll be bored to ex-
tinct ion -and then you’ll like it so much that you won’t
want tn leave it at all. Mirabalu’s an acquired taste, hut

once acquired it sticks to you like a leech until--”

 “I see,” said Bianca thoughtfully; “but you didn’t want
 to let me down too lightly at first. I suppose that’s the line
 you take in your profession. You swoop down upon your
 unfortunate patient, send him to bed, terrify him with an
 endless list of probable complications, until the poor wretch
 feels so utterly grateful to you for saving him from such
 terrors that he cheerfully sends an enormous cheque by
 return mail!”

 The purser’s steward, entering suddenly, stared around
 the saloon until his eye fell upon Langley. He came across
 to the table.

 “Excuse me, sir, but Dr. Murphy sends his compliments
 and would like to see you in the cabin.”

 The doctor glanced up sharply.

“Oh?—what's the trouble?”

 “I don’t know exactly, sir. I think he’s got his hands
 pretty full.”

 “Want’s help, eh?”

 “That’s my opinion, sir.”

 Bianca, who had been trying to see out of a port-hole,
 touched Langley’s arm.

 “I believe we’ve stopped,” she declared.

 “TlEEN stopped this half-hour. Miss,” said the steward.

 ^ “Our wireless carried away in the storm last night and
 we haven’t been able to pick up calls. They’ve just brought
 aboard a fellow who was tied to some boards. The chief
 steward thinks he’s Japanese, possibly washed overboard
 from the ship we passed yesterday afternoon. He was fully
 dressed, with a small box strapped to his waist. I saw him
 when they got him up.”
THE BLACK SPIDER

19

  "Is he still alive?” interposed the doctor.

  “I believe so, sir; but he’s in a bad way. Must have been
in the water for hours.”

  "Very well, I’ll come along now. You’ll excuse me,
Miss Seldon, won’t you?"

  "Why, of course. Isn’t there some way in which I could
help?”’

  Langley shook his head.

  "There are plenty of stewardesses," he reminded her;
"besides, you may have to look
after your friend."

  "No,” said Bianca; "they
won’t let me. Do send for
me if you’re short-handed.”

  "We’re short-handed right
enough," put in the steward.

“All the staff that aren’t sick
themselves are up to their eyes
in it. There’s hardly a bit of
china left in the kitchens—and
how we’re going to serve din-
ner tonight I don’t know.”

  "We’ll be in Colombo to-
morrow," said the doctor
grimly, "and nobody’s likely to
want much dinner before then! Let’s see
—which way do we go?”

AS he made his way down the corridor
** at the steward’s heels, it occurred to
him that Bianca Seldon was going to be
something in the nature of a disturbing in-
fluence in Mirabalu. For one thing, she
displayed an enormous amount of character
for a girl of her age, and for another, she
was a great deal too good-looking. For all
his morbid description of the place where
he lived and worked, he knew Mirabalu
as a colony that was essentially masculine—
masculine in its outlook, its amusements,
and its excesses.

  There was not a more amiable group
of men to be found anywhere, and why
Barry Seldon had been such an un-
mitigated ass as to bring his sister out
there, Langley didn’t know. He wasn’t
in the least sorry for Bianca, for shr
could look after herself and was bound
in any case to have a tolerably good
time—but he was mortally sorry for Mirabalu. For
some reason or other he was feeling depressed that
morning and was prone to regard Bianca in Mira-
balu, and a bottle of fire-water in a camp of Indians,
as one and the same thing. They had been perfectly all
right up to now. But—when she arrived—r-

  He found the ship’s doctor in his shirt-sleeves. He
was a fat, broad-featured man, with a Belfast accent, and
dark lines under his eyes which betrayed that he had been
up all night.

  “I hate to trouble you again, Doctor-” he began; but

Langley cut him short.

  "Trouble be damned, Murphy! If you had had the nerve
to attempt to carry on without me I should have been
mortally offended. What do you want me to do?"

  “Have you had breakfast ?”

  “I’ve had enough to carry me along, thanks. I don't
mind betting you haven’t had a bite yourself!"

  “Right—but I’m going to now. I wish you’d take that
poor devil of a Jap off my hands for a bit. The steward
here will show you where he is. I tell you, Doctor, I never
want another night like this. I’ve had eight more fresh
cases through my hands since you turned in’and I don’t
think one of ’em will live.”

 “Did Dr. Murphy put you here?” Langley asked.

 "Yes. sir."

 The man moved aside so as to allow Langley to come
 close to the berth.

 "How is he?"

 “Pretty queer, sir. He’s in a high fever now, and keeps
 talking, first in Japanese and then in English."

 The doctor bent down.

 "It’d be a pity to let him slip through our fingers—after
 all lie's gone through.” He glanced at a chart, fixed to the
 wall by a couple of pins. "You’ve been up all night, too,
 I suppose?”

 "Yes, sir."

 "Anybody about who can relieve you?"

 "No, sir. Dr. Murphy told me I’d have to hang on (or
 a bit longer.”	(Continued on pane 83)

 Langley dropped a hand lightly on Murphy’# •boulder,
 "Get some food into you and try and close your eye*
 for a spell."

 A patch of green water obscured the port-hole and re-
 ceded again, revealing a stretch of blue sky.

 "We’re getting into clear weather again," said Murphy,
 "That’s something to be thankful for, Well, cheerio I
 I'll be getting along to see my man."

 He found his patient in a spare, second-class cabin. A
 man in a white coat rose as he came in.

"K—p far away at you
can. It may start roving
in aaarch oi food—and
•ome of theaa thingt have
poiaonouu bitea”
CJhe IP Oman with T1DO

SOULS

By Allan Qordon

OCTOR,” I said—and I must have been crazy
to talk like that to the man; “if you don’t save
her, I'll get you. I’m not fooling, Doctor. You
can hide where you please, but it won’t do you
any good. I’ll find you. I’ll get you. You’d
better save her, Doctor!”

  I suppose doctors become accustomed to such grief-crazed
lunatics as I -’'as then. The name of this one has escaped
me. He was a large, calm man, slow of speech and with a
trick of smiling quietly behind his thoughtful frown. I
had told the people at the hospital to find the best surgeon
in the city, regardless of the cost, and this was the chap
they had routed out of bed at two in the morning. He put
a broad hand on my shoulder, peered intently into my face
for a moment, then backed me into a comfortable arm chair,
as easily as I could have handled a child.

  “Sit there,” he commanded me, without a trace of resent-
ment in his voice. “You’ve been through a good deal to-
night. I know what it means.” He paused, and his deep
tones sank to a whisper. “I lost my own daughter, last year.
If there is any hope, at all, your agitation will lessen it.
Control yourself, man! Look at that girl, there! Don’t
you think she feels it, too? Yet there hasn't been a word
out of her.”

  I glanced about the room as he released me, with some-
thing more of sanity in my mind than had been there for
the last hour. Just the three of us were in the room,
beside the doctor and the nurse. Sally, on the bed. was
like wax, and I could not see that she breathed. Norma,
her twin, sitting stiffly on a chair at the farther srde, seemed
as still as her dying sister—as still, and nearly as pale.
She gazed steadfastly at the face on the pillows, and the
resemblance between them was so complete, so perfect even
to the last detail of delicately chiseled nose and sweet, sensi-
tive mouth, that she might have been looking into a mirror.
And there was I, their father, and also their manager.

 You have heard of the Gordon Twins? Perhaps you
have seen them? They were twenty-two, no more, when this
happened, yet they had danced their way around the world.
Most of the European courts, and many Oriental throne
rooms had applauded them. Could you come to my home
some day, I could show you six books full of clippings—
newspaper and magazine notices, write-ups in theatrical
journals—no harsh words, but only praise, praise, praise.
And they merited it all. I, their father, should know.
Please forgive an old man’s vanity in speaking of this.

7 WAS their teacher before they acquired such skill that
I could also be their manager. Did they learn first to
walk or to dance? I can’t remember. They were with me
on the stage when they were four, and to me it was as if
the spirit of their mother, who died in giving them birth,
had been dancing. They were her image, and the image
of each other. She, too, was a dancer. I have thought, at
times, that her soul passed to them when she died, so that
they were bound to each other by a stronger tie than other
twins are. But you shall judge for yourself.

Narrated by J. Paul Suter

  Of the last hurrying motor ride between cities through
the darkness, I need not speak, save to tell its end. A sharp
turn of the road, hidden by the blackness of the heavy
night until we were fairly upon it—a missing signal of
warning—to the left, a culvert—to the right, the road and
safety. Our speeding chauffeur swerved too late, and paid
for the error instantly, writh his life. Norma and I were
miraculously uninjured, not even rendered unconscious ’by
the shock. But Sally .... When the distinguished surgeon
had examined her, his verdict was short and terrible:

  “To operate now would kill her. If she gains a little
strength, then I will operate.”

  “But will she live, Doctor—will she live?” I demanded,
fiercely.

  “Do you believe in God?” was his reply, and when I

nodded-“Then pray!”

  That was when I threatened him, frantically. But it was
only some shallow surface layer of me which uttered the
threats. Deep in my heart I knew that this surgeon, as
eminent in his profession as my twins were in theirs, would
not surrender while life remained. But I had seen enough
of hospitals to know something else, and I think it was
this knowledge which made me desperate.

U ERE were two of us in the little room who need not
L have been admitted. No one really was needed there ex-
cept the doctor. Had there been any hope, Norma and I would
have waited in the hall. The fact that we were there, un-
challenged by the surgeon, proved that Death, too, stood
by—Death, who withheld his hand through the few minutes
during which we hoped and prayed .... then struck.

  Only a second or two before the end, consciousness
returned to Sally, and she looked, not at me nor at the
vigilant, hovering doctor, but into her sister’s eyes. I saw
them meet—those two pairs of. blue eyes. The glance of
understanding which passed between them was so definite,
so palpable that it seemed almost a material thing.

  “What did she say to you. Norma?” I demanded, almost
at the instant that the surgeon bowed his head.

  My other daughter—the only child I had left now—looked
at me, but did not answer. It was the doctor, instead, who
spoke, to the nurse:

  “Have them arrange for connecting rooms at a hotel,”
he directed. “A taxi, too." He hesitated, and glanced
inquiringly at me: “Or, if you prefer, you can both have
beds here. The accident has left you both uninjured, but

the shock-”

  Before I could decide. Norma took the thing out of my
hands, speaking for the first time since the accident:

  “We will go to the hotel,” she said, quietly, but in a voice
from which all color, all intonation, had fled. Then she
walked slowly from the room, with no backward glance, I
following mechanically. For the time, her will had assumed
dominance. I was dumb, unable to think.

  I climbed into the taxi beside her. I had no word for
anyone—none even for my old friend, Bertolli, manager of
the theatre in which we were to have danced the next night,

20
THE WOMAN WITH TWO SOULS	21

Surely death does not check the qrowth of a
soul so beautiful as Salhj Qordon's^and ycf-——

who awaited us with bowed head at the hotel. Bertolli had
arranged for the accommodations. No detail remained
undone. I looked into his dark eyes filled with tears, his
kindly, rugged face, and looked away again. But Norma
went to him, and said something, rapidly and earnestly.

  Bertolli started violently. I could catch neither his words
nor hers, but I thought—
as far as thought was pos-
sible for me — that he
seemed incredulous, almost
frightened. Norma was
demanding something. He
was protesting. She had
her way, however, for I
saw him nod and shrug
his shoulders, then walk
rapidly from the hotel.

  When she returned to me, her deli-
cate face was as set and devoid of
expression as that of a marble statue.

She followed the deeply concerned
clerk, who himself showed us to our rooms
and 1 followed her.

  So much had happened to me in those last
few hours, cutting my very soul to
that I no longer had the power
deeply. I expected to lie awake, but it was
not so. I had
hardly said
goodnight to
Norma and stag-
gered back into
my own room,
leaving the door
of her room

  Suddenly, I was forced back from oblivion. Someone
had spoken. The voice fell on my ear like the tinkle of a
bell, soft and musical, yet so commanding that even my
deep sleep was shattered. I sat up. The lights were still
on, as I had left them. Norma stood beside my bed.

  She was dressed in the black velvet suit of a page boy.

             the costume well. Our act had always begun
             girls clad as pages, and their first dance in
             the soft, closely fitting velvet, was the key-
             note for all that followed. Some of their
             other dances were more difficult, or more
             startling, but none exceeded that
             first one in grace. For convenience,
             they had always left our hotel clad

                                           "But will
                                           the Jive,
                                           Doctor —
                                           will ahe
                                           live?” I
                                           demand-
                                           ed fiercely

ajar, when complete and utter weariness took possession of
my frame. The bed was soft and inviting. I flung myself
upon it, without having undressed, and was soon asleep.

  But before sleep engulfed me, I thought of Norma, as
she had kissed me goodnight—her beautiful face still cold
and stiff like marble, her voice hardly louder than silence
itself. She was numb, too. I remember being thankful for
that, and wondering vaguely what terrible pangs would
come, when feeling returned to us.

  One other thing I wondered about. What message was
it that had passed between Norma and her sister—at the
last? It was this thought that hovered insistently before
my mind, just before I sank into unconsciousness.

Jn their page cos-
tumes, covered by long cloaks, though all the other clothes
for the act were laid out for them with the theater properties.

“Are you ready, Father ?” she said, quietly.

“For what?” I demanded, in bewilderment.

“For the act. I’m afraid we’re a little late. Isn’t it lucky
that Bertolli’s theater is only a few steps from the hotel?
He’s going to have things all ready for us, Father. I spoke
to him, and he promised. Ours is the only act to-night, you
know.”

I stared at her, in utter dismay. So this was how feeling
had returned! She thought—oh, my God, she thought the
two of them were to dance together, as usual. What could
22

ghost Stories

I do? Should I remind her of the truth, or should I humor
her? Yet how could I humor her? Perhaps if I took her
to the theatre and danced with her myself. . . .

  “You talked with Bertolli-" I began, feeling blindly

for a way out; and to my amazement she laughed—her old,
tinkling laugh.

“llOU know I did, Father—you saw us. Mr. Bertolli prom-
ised to be there himself. Oh, I believe I forgot to tell
you! I forgot to tell my poor old padre, so he went to
sleep while I was changing my clothes!” She patted my
shoulder, then threw both arms around my neck and kissed
me. "I’m sorry, Father—poor, tired Father! But you’ll
take me over to the theatre, won’t you, and watch me
through the act ?”

  Stiffly, I led the way to the door. It was about four
o’clock in the morning. The hotel attaches who saw us
pass down the stairs to the lower hall and thence to the
street, must have eyed us with wonder.

  As for myself, I saw only the slender girl in the long
cloak, walking silently by my side. Somewhere I had
learned that when the mind has reached the limit of endur-
ance—when it totters on the brink, with black insanity
ahead—all that it does must be accepted as a matter of
course, if the reason is to lie saved. Though I was not able
to think clearly that night, this idea must have possessed
me, for I took her through the deserted streets to the theater
that night quite as I might have done at any other time.

  Bertolli’s theater, like its proprietor, was one of my
oldest friends. Its associations reached far back into my
own dancing days. It was Bertolli whose strong, quiet
sympathy, never intrusive but always to be relied on, had
helped me
through the time
of bereavement
when my little
girls were born
—at the cost of
their mother’s
life. As chil-
dren, they had
danced upon his

not cast our first bitter moments among strangers. Bertolli
was my friend, and a friend of wonderful insight. Since
my girl had spoken to him of this strange freak of her
mind, I felt he would understand. He would help me save
her reason.

  I was not surprised when the old man met us at the
stage entrance. He had been waiting.

  “You still wish to dance, cara mia?” he asked Norma,
softly. "Then you will find all as it should be. The stage
is set. In your dressing room ate the costumes, as usual. At
other theaters you did your own unpacking, maybe, but
Bertolli always arranged everything—you remember? And
you, my old friend,” he said, kissing me on the cheek, after
the Italian fashion. “—she will need your help in putting
on the costumes. I will sit in the audience. To-night, I am
the audience!”

  I caught his meaning, when he referred to Norma’s need-
ing my help. The girls had helped each other into their
more elaborate costumes. That saved time for both. I fol-
lowed Norma down the dimly lighted passage-way to the
dressing room. But she stopped me at the door. Her blue
eyes, wide and inscrutable like those of a sleep walker,
looked into mine, and she smiled.

  “I shan’t need your help, Father. Sit with Mr. Bertolli.”

rT-HAT night, she was in command. I could do nothing
but obey. My old friend, just behind, threw an arm
affectionately over my shoulder.

“A rehearsal in a darkened house!” he said, making an
effort to laugh. "It will be like that. We shall sit quite
near the front. I think that will be better. If she sees with
her mind a house full of people, clapping, stamping with
their feet—bravo!—you and I, we shall not
spoil the picture. Come!”

              As we crossed the stage and descended by
            the little flight of steps at the side, I glanced
            about. Bertolli had done his part, indeed. The
            stage was set for our act, just as he had set
            it many times before. Deep red curtains hung
            in the background, undulating even now with

                                   stage, and his shrewd eye
                                   had detected faults for
                                   me to correct before

they grew into habits.

  Many times since, the old theater had welcomed their
tripping feet, and had echoed back the applause of forgotten
audiences. Though fate had meted tragedy to us, she had

I cried out, and tried to
rise, but Bertolli’s iron
hand held me down

                                 the ripple of wind that
                                 sighed through the empty
                                 theater. In my day, I
                                 had used black hangings,
                                 but years before, Norma
                                 and Sally had suggested red. They were right. There was
                                 more of mystery in the warm, red shadows.

  When they stepped from the large frame—like a picture
frame—in which they were discovered when the curtain
rose, a quiver always went through the audience. It was
caused partly by their grace; but also, I think—though the
very people through whom the thrill was passing would not
THE WOMAN WITH TWO SOULS

23

have guessed that—by black velvet merging into red, softly,
inexplicably, yet always to be distinguished by the eye—so
carefully chosen was the shade of red.

The frame was there now, shielded by curtains across its
front, which could be drawn

 body arched forward, one arm outstretched. She was
 smiling; and as the significance of that smile sank into my
 dazed mind, I, too, sobbed. For it was thus she had always
 been posed at the begin-

 aside with the pressure of a
 spring by the dancers with-
 I choked at sight of it.
 Something of the spell
 which had held me in its
 grip since we left the hos-
 pital was dissipated, and I
 might have broken down
 entirely, had not Bertolli
 seized my arm with an im-
 perative, ‘‘Come!”

   Mechanically, I went with
 him, across the orchestra
 pit, thence into the aisle.

 He was careful not to re-
 lease me again. I saw him
 glance sharply into my face,
 once or twice, as if to read
 my thoughts. When we
 were seated, there came a
 silence before he spoke.

   “Old friend, her mind is at
 stake!” he whispered, grimly. “Do
 not ask how I know; I cannot tell
 you. I see beneath the surface
 in things like this. I have vision
 which others have not. It is her
 mind, I tell you—her mind! If
 this shock is great for you—a
 strong man—think what it means
 to her. To-night, I hope, by do-
 ing just as she says—by humoring
 her—we shall keep her sane.”

   I looked at him, dumbly. Often,
 when with him, I had felt the
 truth about himself which he now

My little girl was supported by a
ghost figure—the figure of Sally!

tense

put into words. Certain things hidden to other men were
revealed to him. But I have always been practical. Even
now a commonplace objection came to me, and I told him
of it. The act was arranged for two dancers. Throughout,
it was a poetry of give and take, in which the actors at once
opposed and helped each other. I could not see how even
Norma could go through it alone. But Bertolli shook his
head, and in the dim light his seamed face softened in a
comforting smile.

  “Have no fear for that, my friend. This that she does
to-night is not an exhibition of your art. If she satisfies
herself with her dancing, that suffices. She will be
saved.”

A SOFT quiver passed along the curtains which hid the
** little stage within the frame. I felt that Norma had
entered. I started and leaned forward. Bertolli’s firm hand
gripped my knee for an instant. “Steady!” he whispered—
and the curtains parted.

  "Dio into!" His heavy voice choked with a kind of a sob.
but I was not watching him. Norma stood within the frame.
Rather, I should say she hovered within it, clad in her velvet
page costume, poised so lightly upon her toes that she hardly
seemed to touch the miniature stage beneath. Her lithe

ning of the act, but her hand, now lightly proffered into
vacancy, had then grasped another hand, and she had smiled
into the up-tilted face of her sister, who had knelt gracefully
on one knee and returned her gaze.

   “She is going to do the double dance!” I exclaimed, in
 an amazed whisper.

  "Dio mio! Merciful God!’’ answered Bertolli, crossing
himself.

rT-HE dance began- She tripped lightly from the frame

 *■ to the stage of the theater, and bowed—a long, sweeping
 bow, directed toward vacancy. In that first dance, the girls

 •	had touched only their finger tips, approaching each other
 and retreating, gliding one about the other as lightly as
 thistle down, held together by but one bond—the steadfast
 gaze of their blue eyes. Norma’s eyes were steadfast now.
 They did not waver from the place where her sister would
 have been. They smiled at nothingness, while she pirouetted
 and bowed. Her fingers touched nothingness with as much
 certainty, it seemed, as they had ever met the tips of fingers
 they should never meet again.

  At the finish of the dance, she opened both arms wide
with a gesture of invitation. That gesture had been the
signal for Sally’s retreat to the (Continued on page 51)
Cdn 'the

 SPIRITS cf iL DEAD

            If you sit before a camera to haue your picture taken,
            possibly houering around you, can be impressed on
            Don’t scoff until

By Samri Frikell

 published; also tricks
 substituted, and other

 mystery in
 riddle of

  all

 the

 THE most persistent
      spiritualism is the
      haunted cameras.

           Can we photograph ghosts?

           In spite of the repeated and au-
 thoritative efforts to show up the whole
 business as a sham and a fraud—which most
 of it certainly is—the thing will not down.

 As fast as one medium is caught at a new
 trick, another scientist of indisputable re-
 spectability comes forward with evidence
 which cannot be blown away with the breath
 of contempt.

   On the face of it, the thing seems to be
 absurd. How can any sensible human being,
 in his right mind, come to believe that phan-
 toms of the dead, invisible to the naked eye,
 can become visible, present and evident, on a
 photographic plate? By what process of
 reasoning can men and women, otherwise
 normal in all their ways of thinking, accept
 such a fantastic idea? That is the natural
 reaction of anyone who hears about spirit
 photography for the first time.

   Yet a little examination into the subject
 will make the matter clearer to him. He
 may be a greater skeptic than ever, but he
 will certainly be puzzled and amazed.

   For the wonders of spirit photography are
 manifest and manifold, nor can they be easily
 dismissed.

   I remember very clearly my introduction
 to the whole subject. It was through the
 pages of “Hours With The Ghosts," a very
 fine book in its period, written by my friend,

 Doctor Henry Ridgely Evans. Through his
 gentle and cynical style, I first learned the
 theory of spirit pictures and their makers—
 the "mediums" of the camera.

   It seemed that not everyone could take
 spirit photographs. One had to be psychic.

 In the vulgate, one must be a medium. If I
 used the same camera, the same plates, the
 same studio, the same everything—nothing
 would appear. There would be no ghosts on
 the negative. That was because I was not a psychic. But
 all that was necessary, was the presence of the medium in
 the room. His hand must press the little rubber bulb, and
 lo—a miracle! Ghosts would throng into the room and
 some of them would impinge their likeness on the picture.

   That was the theory. My friend, Doctor Evans, went
 on to explain certain facts. He revealed the methods of
 double exposure, not so generally known when his book was
 24

 by which prepared plates could be
 devices employed by tricksters and
 swindlers, to dupe the victims.

   That was perhaps a quarter of a
 century ago. Since that time there
 have appeared innumerable exposes
 of spirit photography. The discus-
 sion has raged in scientific and pop-
 ular journals and books have been
 written for and against their gen-
 uineness. The whole world knows
 of the storm of controversy that
 raged around the head of Sir Arthur
 Conan Doyle, when he declared that

l-

T-h- j~	m $

|

u.'L.lL	,

!>• n

Photograph
of Sir Arthur
Conan Doyle,
taken by the
camera me-
dium, Mrs.
Deane. Note
Sir Arthur's
comment at
the upper left
of picture

 he had found pictures, not only of ghosts, but of gnomes,
 fairies and elves. *

   Some pictures are reproduced in connection with this
 article for your especial benefit. These same pictures have
 been the subject of considerable controversy. In the mean-
 time. a society has been formed in England for the sole
 purpose of studying spirit pictures.

   There are famous camera mediums in England, in various
L PHOTOQRAPHED ?

do you belieue that spirits from some unseen world,
the photographic plate that bears your likeness?
you read ——

parts of the United States, even in far-away Australia.
Perhaps the most celebrated is Hope, of England, who
made some of the
ghost pictures of Sir
Arthur Conan Doyle,
that constitute strik-
ing "exhibits” in
Doyle’s collection.

  People often ask me
what I think of spirit
pictures. In my
twenty-five years
as an investiga-
tor of spirit
phenomena I
have, of course,
made many ex-
aminations into
the subject. Be-
fore stating an
opinion, I should
like to narrate

 Two remarka-
 ble photo-
 graphs taken
 by camera
 mediums.
 Note the spirit
 faces showing
 dimly in the
 background

one or two experiences that I have had with camera mediums
and their methods, and then state a conclusion at which I
have arrived.

  In advance, however, let me say that I consider intolerant
incredulity a fault far graver than stupid credulity!

  My first famous experience with spirit photography
created a national, even an international, furore, and was a
deliberate hoax undertaken to prove that even under the

most rigid test conditions one could accomplish spirit pic
tures by fraud.

              At that time—in the summer of 1922—I
            believed that every spirit photograph ever
            exhibited was a conscious or an unintentional
            fraud. I had arrived at this conclusion after
            years of experimentation with one camera
            medium after another, and detecting them all
            in deliberate trickery.

           ’T'HERE had been formed in New York
       *■ that summer, what was known as the New
       York Committee for Psychic Science and
       Philosophy. An ambitious title for a serious
       little group! One evening we all assembled
       at the home of Doctor Edwin F. Bowers, on
       West End Avenue, in Manhattan. Practically
       every one present had devoted more or less
       time in the past to investigating spiritualism—
       spirit raps, mysterious messages spelled out
       by the rockings of a table, slate writings, trances
       and the materialization of ghostly forms. The
       purpose of the organization was merely to con-
       tinue such investigations under a loose form of
       unity and coherence. Within half an hour after
       the first meeting was called, the lights were out.
       and the little group of men and women were
       gathered around the table, with their hands prone,
       waiting for a demonstration.

           It came.

           The table gave a leap into the air as if it were
alive. It rocked back and forth, tilted, turned and
ambled from one room into another. Instantly
questions were put to it, to which replies were
rendered in loud and sonorous knocks. These
knocks seemed to come from the very heart of the
table.

  “Is there a spirit in this table?” was the first
question.

          It appeared that there was and the presence
        identified itself as the soul of Hyslop, the great
        pioneer of psychic research in the United States
        of America. But no one was very cordial to the
        professor, for he didn’t remember his own birth-
        day or his own middle name. The experiment was
        dropped in discouragement, and the group applied
        itself to a serious discussion for the remainder
        of the evening.

  This discussion turned on spirit photography. I had just
read where Sir Arthur Conan Doyle had laid down the
rules of evidence for psychic photography, and I was telling
the others about it.

  Sir Arthur laid down the following rules, by which to
judge the authenticity of a spirit photograph:

  1—The usual control of plates, camera, and photo-
grapher. (Which means that the (Continued on page 59)

                                                      25
OUT ofa

When Ralph Durham ran away to sea,
came back home, his father was
the Durham wealth be7 Only the

Y heart was pounding
violently ait the clang
of the doorbell echoed

through the big silent house. 1 began to wish
fervently that I hadn't come. In spite of niyself
the "prodigal son" feeling persisted.

  The old home seemed to have gone to seed, I thought, in
these fifteen years I had been away. The yard was weed*
grown, the paint was peeling from the house and the porch
furniture was shabby. Perhaps father had sold It and had
moved somewhere else. Why the devil didn't someone
answer the bell 1 I tugged at It again.

  Followed another long wait, then there came the faint
sound of pattering feet down the carpetless hall and I heard
the bolt being pushed back. The door was thrown open
and a small, bright-eyed, elf of a woman stood before me.

  "I’m sorry to keep you waiting," she began at once, in a
thin, high-pitched voice, "but you see I wasn't dressed fit

to answer the door-bell--" A childlike, helpless sort of

smile finished the sentence more eloquently than words.

  "Oh, that's all right." I found myself responding to the
faint charm of her, In spite of my earlier annoyance, Such
a futile sort of little old lady she seemed. One couldn’t help
liking her. "I was looking for Major Durham who used
to own this house," I told her.

 "Oh—Major Durham? He’s dead." She nodded her
head once or twice as though to give emphasis to the flat
statement. "His wlddy rented the house to me and moved
to t'other end of town, down by the 'railroad tracks."

  Father dead? And that woman still alive—and living
down by the railroad tracks? But I might have expected
something of that sort. Lots of things can happen in
fifteen years.

7'D better stick around awhile and do a little investigating,

*	I thought. I had no desire to see my step-mother, the
cause of my youthful unhappiness—the woman who had
driven me away from home. Still, 1 must sift this thing
to the bottom. Then I had a bright idea. Why not spend
a few days in town incognito? I was quite sure no one
would recognize me. I had met half a dozen old-timers on
my way from the station and not one of them had cast me
a glance of recognition.

  "Was you a particular friend of his?"

  1 became suddenly aware that the little old lady's bright
eyes had been regarding me steadily, with both interest and
compassion, and I made an effort to pull myselt together.

  "Yes,” I said, slowly, "—in a sort of a way. Fact is, I
hoped to do a little business with him."

  "Can’t you see his widdy? Couldn't you do the business
with her instead? I can give you her address."

  "No—no thanks. She wouldn't do at all." I began to
think fast. “How about that piece of land up by the lake
that Major Durham used to own? Was that sold?”

  "Yes, he sold that a couple of years before he died. But
I might be able to put you in touch with the man who bought
it." Her face was all alight now and I could almost hear
the thoughts formulating behind that radiance. She would
arrange It for us both and perhaps there would be something

in it for her. Foxy little old girl I
"Well, perhaps I might be in-
terested—" I smiled at her re-
assuringly, "Meanwhile I'd like to find a place to stay for
a few days, Do you know anyone In town who Utkes in
boarders and might be able to put me up?”

  A beatific smile greeted these words, and her excitement
 simply refused to be suppressed.

  "Yes, indeed, I know someone. You might stay here with

me. Ypu know I'm supposed to be—well, you sec--"

She paused uncertainly. "I keep boarders. There aren't
any staying here right now, of course, but then things
haven’t been as busy as they are sometimes."

  "You mean that you could put me up here?"

   "Yes I’’

  "Why, that would be just fine! Are you sure It won’t
Inconvenience you-"

"“MOT at all! Come right Ibis way." She made a futile
^ grab at my bags, but I forestalled her, and with a face
wreathed in smiles she lead the way into the house and
upstairs,

  I glanced hurriedly about, as I followed her, and noted
 with a pang, the decay and ruin that had come upon the
 home of my childhood. All that was fine, all that was of any
 value, seemed to have disappeared, and what remained of the
 furnishings and fixtures were shabby and worn and dingy.

  We had reached the upper floor, now, and suddenly the
 little woman—"Miss Southwick” she told me was her name
 —stopped before a door. It was the door of my old room.

  1 found my heart pounding violently with excitement.
Was it intuition, or just strange fate, that had prompted
her to give me this, of all the rooms In the house? She
couldn't know me, for I had never set eyes on her before
in my life.

  At sight of the old room, memories of a thousand hours
 spent there rushed back at me like myriad ghosts. Strange,
 too, that the place was practically as I had left it, save that
 some of the books and little personal belongings were missing.

  "Will this be all right, Mister-?"

  "Evans is the name—George Evans."

  "Well, Mr. Evans, If this isn't all right I can show you
 some of the other rooms. But this one is ready and the
 others would have to be made up."

| ASSURED her that this was perfectly satisfactory.

 *	Then she left me to meditate in the room that had seen
 the first eighteen years of my life.

  1 found, to my surprise, that I was inclined to senti-
 mentalize about it. Yet, after all, I suppose anyone would
 feel the same way, coming back to their childhood home,
 after a long absence.

  I laughed it off. What was the use? I must find out
what had become of the old man's money and then clear out.
There was a big world outside, and work to be done and
new adventures to be found. No use staying around here.
I mustn't let this thing get me like this.

  There came a knock on the door and little Mrs. South*
 wick entered.

By Ralph Durham

26
Qleaminq TOMB

his falher was wealthy. When Ralph
dead, Ihe money qone. Where could
Qhost of the elder Durham could lelll

 "I’ve just been talking to the man who owns that piece
 of land you was asking me about. He telephoned me about

 something else and I just happened to mention you and-”

 She stopped, in confusion.

Not such a good actress, I thought with amusement. I

 wanted to stop in and see him. Lives right down the square
 here a little way. Name’s Higgins.’’

  Higgins ? Ruth Higgins’ father! I’d nearly forgotten
Ruth, but now I remembered her vividly. The sweetheart
of my youth, she was—the little girl whose books I had
joyfully carried home from school. I fell into a reverie—
forgot all else for the time being.

“—and it’s the third house from the right.”
I came to, with a start. Mrs. Southwick had
been giving me directions. As
though I didn't know every inch
of the way by heart! Why, I
could have found
the house, blind-
folded 1 I thanked
her and seizing my

A shadowy form
was rising—ris-
ing out of the
earth!

hat, hurried downstairs
and out the front door. It
was more than the desire
to learn of my father's af-
fairs that sent me hurry-
ing down the street and
through that familiar
front gate.

The house had changed surprisingly
little in fifteen years, I noted as I rang
the bell. When the door opened Ruth
stood beiore me in all the full blown beauty of her thirty
years. The same fragile loveliness, but with a maturity,
an added poise. The same gaiety, tempered now with a
touch of sadness, of worldly-wisdom the younger Ruth had
never known.

  For a moment we stood there dumbly, wide-eyed, staring
at each other, ami I wondered vaguely, whether she recog-
nized me. She waited for me to speak, her face inscrutable,

knew she had called the man on the phone immediately
she left me.

 “Well, now, that was nice of you, Mrs. Southwick. What
 did he say?”

 “He said he might consider selling it, though he wasn’t
 exactly decided. Said he’d be home all afternoon, if you

27
28

ghost Stories

and almost unconsciously I made my decision to see through
my original plan.

  “boes Mr. Higgins live here?” I asked, as I might have
addressed a stranger.

  And, in the same manner, she answered me: “Yes. Won’t
you come in?”

  She lead me into the library—the same, familiar library

in which we
had spent so
many happy
hours read-
ing and con-
versing and
dreaming to-
gether. I s a w
that it had
changed hardly
at all. A few
more books, per-
haps. New cov-
ering on the
furniture. Elec-
tric fixtures in-
stead of gas. Nothing more.

  “Mr. Higgins is upstairs.

I’ll tell him you’re here.” She waited a
moment, half expectant, then,, as I did
not speak. “Who shall I tell him is calling?”

  “Evans is the name—George Evans. Mrs. Southwick
telephoned him about me a little while ago.”

  “Oh, yes. I’ll tell him.” And she was gone.

  Gad. what a fool I had been! Why, she was perfect—
simply perfect! And I had lost her. In one swift moment
the years had rolled back like a film, baring all the old
emotions, the old longings, the old thrill her presence had
never failed to bring me. Buried there in the dust of time
I found my love for Ruth as fresh, as alive, as blooming,
as it had ever been. And I had not known it was there,
had not dreamed it!

  I smiled quietly to myself. I knew now, why I had never
married. There had been many girls, many chances in those

fifteen years of wanderings over the world—

  My thoughts were interrupted by the entrance of old man
Higgins. I should hardly have recognized him, so com-
pletely had the years changed his appearance, and it was
quite evident that he did not recognize me. He greeted me
cordially, and we began to talk about the land, but my mind
refused to lend itself to the subject. Somehow the advent
of Ruth seemed to have dulled it to everything else, and
time and again I found myself absent-mindedly answering
some remark of his without in the least knowing what he
was talking about. Finally he suggested that he drive me
out to the lake to look things over, and I gladly accepted
the offer.

        As he went back to get the car, I made a desperate
      effort to pull myself together. I was here to get
      information about my father and his affairs, and I
      must get it. By the time the car rolled up to the door
      I had myself fairly well in hand. But I couldn’t help
      glancing back at the windows of the house as we drove
      away, hoping against hope for another glimpse of
      Ruth—a hope that was not fulfilled.

     HIGGINS had always been a cagey old bird, and
     the years seemed to have intensified this quality.
     Talk as I would, I could get no real information out

                              of him. Yes, he had
                              owned this land about
                              four years. Bought it
                              of Major Durham.
                              Knew him. did I ? Fine
                              old man, that! Yes, he
                              did have a son. Left
                              home years ago, though.
                              No one hereabouts

With trembling fin-
gers I drew out a
long legal docu-
ment—my father's
last will and testa-
ment

                                    knew anything about him.
                                    Went to sea, they said.
                                    Some said he was dead.

  Was there a faint tightening of the mouth at mention of
my name? I fancied so, but it might have been only my
imagination.

  Did the old man leave any property? Guess not. Mrs.
Durham was living down by the car tracks in the old Stoner
shack. She didn’t seem to have any money, but then you
never could tell.

  As we drove up to the Higgins house again, I felt utterly
baffled. I had learned practically nothing I didn’t already
know, and had spent a whole afternoon doing it. At his
invitation I followed him in to look at some photographs he
was anxious to show me.	(Continued on page 64)
They Hanged a Phantom
for MURDER

In the bodq of one man, the soul of another kills a woman.
Rou? can a phantom be held responsible?
By “Doctor Qrey"
Told by R. Cummings

A S I pace back and forth in my cell in San Quentin,
anxiously awaiting the coming hour when I will
be hanged by the neck until dead, I have no re-
Mm Jk morse for the crime for which I am to forfeit
my life. Instead, an ecstasy fills my whole being,
and I thrill from head to foot with expectancy!

  Does this sound like the words of a sane man, or the
ramblings of a diseased mind past the landmark of sanity?
Am I sane? That is the question which the world wants
answered.

1 WILL start with the beginning.

^ Everyone is now acquainted with the bizarre and
fiendish murder case that rocked the whole Pacific Coast
with its gruesomeness. For those not familiar with the case,
I will state briefly wherein Doctor Grey (I call myself by
this name, in this narrative, although known to the world
by another name), a prominent Los Angeles dentist, is
supposed to have murdered his wife by administering gas—
as used by the profession in the method of extracting teeth.
There was the hint of a scandal between the said Doctor
Grey and his assistant, whom I will call Grace Turner.

  It all came about by my attending a spiritist seance in
Hollywood. Being of a sensitive nature—one of those
humans endowed with something akin to the mysteries—
I sooti became an interested student of the occult. As I was
blessed with a clientele far larger than my fondest ex-
pectations, the occult afforded me a form of relaxation from
office hours.

  On this particular night I was attending a seance. I was
accompanied by my wife. The hostess of the evening,
(there was to he a party followed by a seance conducted
by a celebrated English medium) introduced my wife and
myself to a Dr. Ralston, who was quite an adept in the
study of mysticism or occultism, whichever you prefer to
call it. It seems he had spent considerable time in the
Orient, mastering mysteries of the Far East.

   Dr. Ralston was several years my junior, of athletic build,
while I am anything but athletic. He had delicately chiseled
features—almost effeminate. I noticed his lips were very
thin. They somehow gave me the impression of a brutal
cruelty, well hidden by the veneer and polish attained
through much travel and contact with many types of people.
The man had that masterful self-possession which so many
strive to attain.

  I learned that he was a new-comer to the State of Cali-
fornia, a dentist by profession, and looking for a suitable
location. He was perfectly at home with the ladies and
held them spellbound with his thrilling accounts of his ex-
periences in the Orient and elsewhere, in his study of the
occult. I noted too, with annoyance, that he paid my wife
quite a bit of attention at the seance. No one else seemed
to notice it. however, and I soon forgot it.

  A few days later while passing a suite of rooms in the
same building in which my office was located, I was greatly
surprised to see Dr. Ralston’s name printed in large gold
letters on the door next to mine, I knew that the rooms had
been vacant a short while, but it never entered my mind that
of all the office buildings in Los Angeles with offices avail-
able, that Dr. Ralston would choose the building in which
I was located.

  In the course of time we became quite friendly, since I
was broadminded enough not to be jealous of my competitor,
and we had many things in common. He belonged to the
same lodges, clubs, etc., that I belonged to. And beside,
my wife was even more interested in spiritualism than I was,
and enjoyed hearing Dr. Ralston relate his many experiences
—especially those dealing with the astral plane and soul
flights.

  Thus entered the snake into the Garden of Eden.

  He became a frequent visitor to our home. On occasions
that sometimes came up. when I was too tired, or had busi-
ness matters to clear up, he would escort my wife to a show,
or perhaps a lecture, or whatever the occasion called for.

  I would usually be in bed when they returned, but one
evening as I was detained down town later than usual, I
decided to leave my car, which had been giving me trouble,
at a garage about four blocks from our residence, and walk
the remaining distance. As I am light on my feet for a man
of my weight, I approached the house almost silently, and
was about to enter when I heard voices. I recognized them
as my wife and Dr. Ralston.

THE doctor was pleading with my wife to run off and
leave me, and go to Europe with him. He was pro-
fessing his love for her in the most endearing terms I have
ever heard a man use. All through his siege of love-making,
my wife kept trying to quiet him, assuring him every so
often that she loved me only, and could never love another
man as long as I remained alive.

29
30

ghost Stories

To make tilings worse, however, and to bring matters to a
head, shortly after this happening, my assistant, who had
been with me ever since I had opened the office, decided
to get married to a meal ticket she had found out in Holly-
wood, and I was forced to get a new girl. From among
the many girls who applied, I decided upon a beautiful little
southern girl by the name of Grace Turner.

  I believe she must have loved me from the first moment
she saw me. And, I must say, if ever Lucifer tempted man
with a more
alluring
snare than

him

he cursed me
with—God pity
She didn’t inspire in
me a noble love or respect,
but worked 011 my baser na-
ture. I was tortured at night with
dreams of mad desire in which she
was the central figure.

Sometimes I was a king and she
was my slave in these mad dreams.
Sometimes we were two unfortu-
nates, shipwrecked on some desert
island. While in these dreams, I
would toss in bed as a man stricken
with fever, and would waken, tired
and exhausted, my night
clothes soaking wet from
the violent night sweats
that always followed the
dreams.

In some unexplainable
way, Dr. Ralston gained
the knowledge that my assist-
ant was madly in love with me.
One night while my wife was
attending a seance with a
woman friend, he told her in
the most exaggerated terms of how I was untrue, and tried
to make her belftve I was carrying on an illicit love affair
with Miss Turner. Of course my wife did not believe him,
so. he began planning in earnest for my destruction, as he
believed if I was out of the way he would have no trouble
in winning my wife, who was a wealthy woman.

  I should mention here that all along the doctor was pro-
fessing his friendship for me. I had never disclosed in any
way my knowledge of the night I had heard him making

from the theater, before bidding me goodnight, he pleaded
with me to leave you.” She looked up at me timidly.

  I smiled at her reassuringly. “If there is any fault here,
my dear, it is not yours. But I have noticed for some time
that Dr. Ralston has been paying you marked attentions.
I thought he was a gentleman, and would keep in his place.
Hereafter you will not be annoyed by him.”

  So that was the end of my wife going out with the doctor.

  I felt triumphant in that moment, that my wife was not
losing ground, and was as true and as loyal as I knew she
would always be. I carried an automatic in my car, as there
had been a number of holdups shortly before around Los
Angeles. For the moment I was almost persuaded to take
it, and shoot hint. But from the study of the occult I real-
ized that if I took his life I would probably be earth-bound
for years, trying to work out my salvation for the deed
done in a moment of passion.

AT this moment the doctor turned around, and, although
** I ducked down by the side of the porch among the
bushes, I had the feeling that he had seen me. Anyway, the
voices ceased. I walked slowly around to the back door and
into my room, and was soon prepared for bed.

  The next morning at breakfast, my wife startled me by
saying: “Dr. Ralston has been trying persistently to force
his attentions on me.”

  I feigned surprise, and asked her to tell
me all about it.

  "Last night after he
had brought me home

What was going
to happen next ?
THEY HANGED A PIIA N TOM FOR MURDER

31

some mark of identification on it. and deposited it on a
solid mahogany table, in view of all.

  As we were early—the medium not having arrived as yet
—we had a good opportunity to view the crowd as it filled
the hall. There were people from almost every walk of life,
and I also noticed a number of foreigners among the mass.

  Presently the medium came in and took his place by the
table. He had with him a little traveling bag that contained
a few pairs of slates—about six pairs, if I remember rightly,
and several pieces of white crayon. The room was full of

                                      beautiful flowers that
                                      scented the whole hall
                                      with almost a nau-
                                      seating odor.

                                         The medi-
                                       um selected a
                                       little high

         Doctor Ralston, in my body, walked up
         to my wife and smiled in my usual way

most celebrated mediums, to have only persons acquainted
with spiritualism attend. This precaution is taken in order
to have the conditions right for obtaining the best results.
But such was not true of this seance, which was open to
the general public. Anyone could bring his or her slate,
and personal writing paper. I was surprised to find the
hall brilliantly lighted, since most seances are conducted in
semi-darkness, under a ruby light. Some, in fact, are held
in total darkness.

  Most of those present had written their questions at home.
The few who had not already written questions were
furnished paper and pencil. We wrote our questions in
this manner: First, the name of the dead relative or
friend, then where they passed out. Next came the question.
Last—our name and place of birth. . Earh person placed

                    school girl and a young man of perhaps
seventeen or eighteen years of age to
come up front and wash the several pairs of slates he had
on the table. He had them also wash the private slates which
different persons among the crowd, had brought with them.
In all, there must have been twenty or thirty pairs of slates
made ready.

A FTER the operation of washing and drying the slates,
** the medium had the two young people pick at random
from the pile of sealed questions on his desk, about ten or
twelve questions. These sealed envelopes were given to
certain individuals among the crowd. They were each to be
kept in the pocket and opened only after the question had
been answered.

  Dr Ralston had brought two pairs of slates that had three
large screws in each pair, to hold (Continued on page 67)

love to my wife, and had heard her repulse him.

  One night he called me on the phone and asked me how
I’d like to go to a slate writing seance to be held in Venice,
by a member of the British Research Society. At the time
I thought it was rather strange that he didn’t mention my
wife, as she had developed into a fair medium herself.
Then it flashed through my mind that he would be em-
barrassed after the love-making scene in which iny wife
had called him down. I assured him I should be delighted
to go and see what this medium could do.

'T'HE seance was the most startling and mysterious one
^ that I had ever witnessed. For
those of you who have never at-
tended an in-
ti e p e n dent
slate-writing
seance, I will
tell as best I
can what took
place.

  It is the
general cus-
tom of the
Pawn of the Unseen

                                       By Lyon Ulearson

at the

*1*1 HEN Martin Grimm was found, apparently
: ,! I murdered in his home, a number of persons were
I I y suspected. Terry Lenihan, young bachelor who
lived just across the way, was one of them. So
was Blood, the dead man's butler. So was
Lenore, his beautiful young niece.

'Nevertheless, Detective Carton, who was in charge of the
case, could find no definite evidence against any one of'the
three, and the coroner gave a verdict of ‘‘Death from heart
disease.”

And now, strange things began to happen in that death
house where the old recluse had met his sudden and mys-
terious death while seated at the telephone. Ghostly foot-
steps were heard; horrible, mirthless laughter floated
through the empty halls; a disembodied hand, in a circle of
light, appeared and left imprints of blood where it touched.

Old man Grimm himself, lying dead in his coffin—seemed
not to be dead. For a message from him appeared on a
slate. It was in his handwriting, stating that no undertaker
was to be allowed to come near his body. Then, when this
warning was ignored, and the undertaker arrived, the heavy
door leading into the death chamber was suddenly locked
by unseen hands!

When Terry, with his valet, Marius, entered the death
house to investigate, Terry's house suddenly burst into
flames—seemingly without natural cause. The fire was
put out. but its origin remained a mystery. Was it another
warning from the unseen powers that hovered over the old

man’s body? Terry and Marius
believed that it was. but never-
theless they' rushed back to the death house again to con-
tinue their investigation.

  There, standing in the darkness on an upper stair landing,
they heard a horrible scream—a scream of agony and terror.
It was Lenore’s voice, and they rushed to the door of the
room from which it came.

■|T was only an instant that they stood outside of that door,

  yet it seemed an eternity. They could review their lives
to their earliest childhood in that instant, much as a drown-
ing man can go back over every incident of his life in the
moment of going down for the third time.

  What terrible presence lay behind that door they had no
way of even guessing, yet they knew that nothing should
stop them from going into that room, from which they had
heard the agonized scream, that they were certain had come
from Lenore. Perhaps she was even then lying there,
already stiffening in death—a death that had come to her,
swift and terrible, in tone with the other happenings in
this strange house. What awful apparition had appeared
to her to shock her into that piercing, screaming emotional
expression? What shape from another and unheard of
world, what portent from the powers that seemed to rule the
darkness in this place, what throwback from the twilight of
our civilization and our era?

  These thoughts coursed through their brains with the

32
PAWN OF THE UNSEEN

33

Terry and TTlarius had no warninq of lhal arrow shot
from an unseen bou?% to chill their blood with its
dread messaqe. Whal IS the secret of lhal
house of mystery and death?

pushed in, and the
room was flooded with
light from the over-
head chandelier. For an instant
they blinked in the sudden light,
not being able to see anything,
and somewhat dazed by this swift answer to Terry’s remark.

Standing by the switch at the door, completely dressed,
stood the butler, Blood. His pale, ageless face was per-
fectly composed, and he bowed to them in greeting just as
soon as they recognized him. How long he had been stand-
ing there—or whether he had been standing there at all—
they had no way of knowing. In any event, if he had been
there when they entered, they had overlooked him, though
it was difficult to see how. Yet nothing, of that kind, Terry
reflected as he stared at the butler in a moment’s silence,
appeared to be very difficult in this house, where the most
extraordinary circumstances seemed to happen as a matter
of course.

  “Good morning, gentlemen,” said the dead, toneless voice
of Blood, as he looked at them steadily, quietly. "Is there
anything I can do for you?”

speed of light, taking only a millionth of the time it requires
to detail them, for Terry and Marius hesitated not at all
before the door, but pressed forward, searchlights in hand,
all fear forgotten in the necessity of aiding the woman who
had shrieked what might have been her death agony.

Terry plunged toward the door as though to break it in
with his shoulder. He was restrained by Marius.

“Wait,” said Marius. “Take it easy. It may be open.”
He put his hand on the knob and pushed inward. The
door opened easily.

Searchlights playing before them, they entered the cham-
ber that must have housed the secrets
of this house, yet a rapid glance
around the long room, as far as pos-
sible in the light of
their hand flash-

be anything in this room,” said Marius, glancing around.
“We’ll have to examine it thoroughly—every inch,” said

Terry finally. “We
need light — though
these searchlights
will have to do in a

pinch-”

“Why not switch
on the electric
light?” said a calm
voice behind them,
and they wheeled at
the sound as a crim-
inal does at the
touch of a hand on
his shoulder.

There was the
sound of an electric
light button being

He was a
little old man,
and he
ed ii
aide

asleep!

room was empty. They ad-
vanced to the center and played
the spots on the walls, and
found nothing. No human was there.

“I don’t understand this,” said Terry, forgetting, in his
excitement, to whisper.

  "Doesn’t seem to be anybody here,” replied Marius. “And
yet-”

  “We heard her—and I am sure it was from this room,”
said Terry. “After all. there are certain things one can
be sure of-”

  “I wonder,” replied Marius succinctly.

  There was a silence between them for a brief space,
before Terry spoke.

  “Whatever it is that’s going on here is a deep game, and
you can count on that! I heard Lenore scream—and I’m
going to find out where she is and what’s happening to her
if it’s the last thing I ever do.”

  “I’m with you in that—though there doesn't seem to
34

GIIOST STORIES

  “Tliere certainly is," snapped Terry, now complete master
of himself. "You can tell me how long you’ve been standing
there, and just what’s happened in this room—over there."

  II«* motioned to a spot just in front of the door, which
wa« liberally stained with fresh, wet blood.

■Q LOOD looked at it in silence for a space. There was
^ an utter absence of sound in the room—a silence preg-
nant with expectation. Finally Blood spoke. His voice
was quiet and calm, as before. He looked Terry directly
in the eye.

  "I have no idea, sir,” he said coldly.

  "Something has been going on here-’’ began Terry

with a scarcely veiled excitement, a rising anger that fed
itself on his anxiety about Lenore.

  “Why do you think so, sir?” asked Blood.

  "Why do I think so? Why, that scream alone-"

began Terry.

  “What scream, sir?" asked the imperturbable Blood.

  "Why, you heard the scream! It was Lenore—she
screamed — one
of the most ter-
rible sounds I
ever heard in all
my life. You
don't mean to
say you did not
hear it? Why.
a dead man
could have heard
it."

  "I heard noth-
i n g, s i r. No
scream ... noth-
ing.”

  Marius and Terry stared at Blood in an amazed quiet,
born of their need for adequate expression at such a time.
Surely this man must be lying! There was something
furtive about him—always had been. There was something
sinister . . . something ... of the night. . . .

•"pERRY recovered control of his voice, and his next
1 question was rapier-like in its steely hardness.

  “Then what brought you up here?”

  “You,” replied the voice of the butler who called himself
Hlood.

  "I!” said Terry.

  "Yes.”

  ' You heard us?"

  "Certainly, sir,” replied the butler quietly.

  "And you came up like that all dressed?" persisted Terry,
who did not trust him at all.

  "Yes,” replied the butler again.

  "How does it happen that you are all dressed at this time
of the morning—if you came up immediately you heard us?”
inquired Terry, not to be balked.

  "I heard you when you were first here—when you ran
down the stairs,” said the butler. "I dressed then, because
I rather thought you might be back. Of course, sir, I had
no idea who it was—nor what your errand might be here
in this house, now that the master is gone."

  There was a short space of quiet, and then the flat voice
of Blood cut in once more.

  "Since we’re asking questions, sir. I think I’m within my
authority if I ask just what you and this other gentleman
are doing here at this time of the night. I don’t remember
letting you in, sir.” he added significantly.

  Terry was somewhat taken aback by this, and hardly
knew for the moment, what to reply. He knew, of course,
that his presence there was unlawful, and that he was quite
without legal right or authority in the matter. If Blood
chose to make trouble for him he could do so with little
difficulty. Terry knew that he and Marius were in the

position of burglars, before the law, and that any judge
would quickly adjudge them guilty of "breaking and enter-
ing.” as the legal phrase has it.

  The voice of Blood went on, suavely, calmly, but
there was in it an accent that transcended that of the
butler—it was a tone of inquiring authority, thinly
veiled under a mask of politeness. His tones dripped
with ice.

  "You see, until some member of the family—or estate—
arrives to take charge, I am in complete charge here. I
should, therefore, be familiar with everything that goes on
here—and, with everyone who enters or leaves."

  Terry cut in on him angrily.

  “It doesn't seem to me that you know a great deal of what
goes on. Blood—or, if you do, you contrive to conceal it
more than a little. I think I can tell you more of what
is going on here than you can tell me. At least, more than
you wish to tell me, it seems. I see I’ll have to speak plainly
to you.”

  “I don't know what you mean, sir. Just what is there

                                       that is 'going
                                       on.' as you put

  said

Terry, “that
Rcrearn, for in-
stance. You
stated that you
did not hear it.
Now, both of us
here, heard it—
very loud, and
terribly plain.
It is not possi-
ble that there is
anybody in this house who did not hear it. I am only sur-
prised that it hasn't yet been reported to the police by the
neighbors. And yet, you have the face to stand there and
tell me you didn’t hear it.

  “I tell you. Blood, there is a great deal that you know
that is going to be of interest to me—and to the police."
Terry paused significantly here to let this threat sink in.
hut it produced not a ripple on the sinister calm of the
butler. Some day, I intend to find out what it is. Why,
that scream could have been heard by Martin Grimm, who
is lying dead downstairs. And it would not be the first
thing that he heard, deaf as he was in life and dead as
he is now—that you claimed you did not hear.”

  “I don't know what you are referring to. sir,” said Blood,
and his cold face was emotionless.

  "Yes you do know what I am referring to,” went on
Terry. "But if you want it plainer, I'll tell you. I am
referring to the unexplained footsteps that one can hear
in this house. They are not made by any one who lives
here. A deaf man could hear them. Yet you claim you
have not heard them.”

  "I’m sorry, but the deaf are subject to hallucinations
about sounds-”

•‘TJ ALLUCINATIONS nothing! I'm not deaf, and

  ^ neither is Miss Lenore. We both of us heard them,
on more than one occasion. If you’re concealing anything.
Blood, I warn you that it's going to go hard with you. You
want to know what I’m doing here, and I'll tell you. since
you have the face to ask. I am not satisfied with the ex-
planations of the death of my friend, Martin Grimm. I
think there is more here, in this house, than has met the eye.
and I'm going to find out about it. And as for your being in
charge here—you were in charge, until I came. Mr. Grimm
had no kin except Miss Lenore. as you well know, and as
the fiancee of Miss Lenore, I have taken charge here until
she herself appears on the scene and makes whatever dispo-
sition of affairs—and of you—that (Continued on page 79)

"There came again lhal slranqe, far-away lauqhler '^weii.
*—Z/ia? qhoulish qlee lhal seemed lo belonq lo another
world. /? was somewhere in ihe house. Where?«—
they could not know. . . . ll was a disembodied, flal,
fiendish, inhuman sound. Terry and Marius shivered,
and slood rooled lo ihe floor. Then—"
^ Doll

LIFE

Why should anyone—
man or qhoul—wani lo
lormenl an innocenl
child?

   By Arthur Branscombe
   Told lo Dictor Rousseau

UT, my dear Mrs. Temple, why were you not
satisfied to let well enough alone?” demanded
' 1 Doctor Martinus brusquely. “You had established
a little shrine in that room of yours. You had
filled it with happy influences. But you were not
content to leave that little haunt for the hallowed spirit to
revisit in its dreams. Why did you throw that bolt into the
mechanism of the astral universe?”

 “Well, Doctor, you know people were beginning to talk
 about it, and to say that my mind had become unhinged
 through brooding. And my friends said it was heathenish.
 They told me that my dear little Doris is now an angel in
 heaven, and that I shall meet her there when I die, but until
 then there is no possibility of our knowing anything about

each other. And so I-”

 “And so you ran to a charlatan, a mere dabbler in psychic
 matters—of which he is, and always will be, ignorant,” said
 Martinus savagely.

 “But, Doctor—Mr. Craven has a very strong spiritualistic
 power, and he assured me that he could lay the spirit for
 ever, and so I let him try.”

 “And instead of the little shrine, you got a full-blown
 haunted house,” said Martinus. “How long after this man
 Craven performed his operations in that room did these
 manifestations begin?”

 “Three or four days, Doctor,” said Mrs. Temple tearfully.

 “At first I thought it was my darling Doris-”

“Pulling hair and pinching, and throwing glass and
crockery!” Martinus snorted.

 “Mr. Craven said it was an after-manifestation that would
 soon disappear.”

 “And what did your heart tell you?” demanded Martinus.
 “Why, it—it told me-”

 “It told you it was a devil, and it was right!” the doctor
 shouted. “Very well, madam. I'll come, and see what I

 can do. Hereafter, rely more upon your Bible and less on
 fools like Craven, and remember the passage about the
 seven devils. You drove out the legitimate tenant, and
 its place was taken by one devil—or seven. That we shall
 see. Good afternoon, Mrs. Temple.”

   Doctor Martinus turned to me when our visitor had
 departed.

   “Sometimes, when I get a case like this, I almost despair,
 Branscombe," he said. “That Mrs. Temple is the wife of a
 wealthy mining man, now out West. They have a big house,
 here in New York. Last year they lost their little girl, and
 she was almost distracted with grief.

   “She did what the natural instinct of nearly every mother
 bids her do. She collected the child’s toys, and her favorite
 doll, in the bedroom, and turned the place into a little

that Came to

Against the
wall tvaa a
stand on
which was

an enor-
mous doll,
propped up
b e n e a t h
three light-
ed candles

35
36

G no st Stories

shrine—just as the Japanese do when their loved ones die.
And because the act was so simple and so natural, and be-
cause nothing that is evil can pierce the armor of a mother’s
love, she turned that little room into a channel through
which the loveliest influences descended to bless that home.

"11OU can picture the dreaming soul of the child, revisiting
4 its home, and finding there everything that it had
known—its toys, a mother’s love, and the mother who spent
a good part of her time there, sewing, or doing other do-
mestic duties, because, as she expressed herself, ‘It was the
happiest room in the house.’

  ‘‘What happens? The neighbors begin to talk. They
say her mind has become unhinged. Then her friends per-
suade her that it is a heathenish practice—that the dead are
cut off for ever from the living. So, she goes to this man
Craven, this quack spiritualist who knows nothing whatever
about the real spiritualism, and—he
comes on a visit of inspection!

  “He sees the doll and the toys, and he
persuades the mother that the spirit of
her child has become ‘earth-
bound’ (as he phrases it), and
that the mother is wrecking her

child’s heavenly happiness by drawing it down from realms
of bliss to an earthly environment. As if there could be
any greater bliss in heaven than the remembrance of a
happy childhood!

  “What does he do? Mumbles some incantation, perfectly
efficacious, not because it is a charm, but because of the
intent that underlies the words. This faker breaks up the
shrine, lays the doll away in a cupboard, turns the bed and
furniture around so that the child shall not recognize the
room, and goes away telling the mother that the ‘spirit is
laid.’

  “That was six weeks ago, Branscombe. Three days after
that the manifestations began. Our friend Craven had
turned the shrine into a typical haunted house.”

I had not been in the room during the beginning of the
Doctor's conversation with Mrs. Temple. “You mean that
noises are heard, things thrown about, and so forth ?” I
asked. “And I heard something said about pinching
and pulling hair.”

    “Yes, all the typical phenomena of the poltergeist,”
    responded Martinus. “And that ass, Craven, insists
    that these manifestations proceed from the spirit of the
    child, angry that it has lost its earthly home. Stark
    nonsense!”

               “I remember,” I said, “you once told me
                                        that these noisy hauntings generally had a
                                        merely physical explana-
                                        tion. You referred to the
                                        fact that in ev-
                                        ery such case,
                                        as reported from
                                        time to time in
                                        the newspapers,
                                        there appears to
                                        be present a boy
                                        or girl of about
                                        fourteen years,
                                        and that the
                                        child is subse-
                                        quently supposed
                                        to be detected in
                                        trickery."

                                           “I alluded to
                                         the simple ex-
                                         planation which,
                                         so far as I have
                                         read, has always
                                         escaped the no-
                                         tice of spirit

 “Here iayour mother, Doris,"
 came the Doctor'a voice
THE DOLL THAT CAME TO LIFE

37

"Ma m ma,
where are
you?” The
voice piped.
"I can't
find you.
I’ve been
looking for
you. I'm all
alone.”

investigators—that, with the advent of maturity, the etheric,
or so-called ‘astral’ body on which the human frame is
modeled, becomes capable of enormous extension. The child
discovers that it has the faculty of throwing articles—glass-
ware, or crockery—from a distance, by grasping with the
extended etheric hand. When it is detected in the act of
throwing, even from a distance, the trick is proclaimed and
the explanation is considered obvious. But that is neither
here nor there. There is no mischievous boy or girl of
about fourteen in this case. It is a case of a genuine
haunted house, and the haunter is not the child Doris, but
one of the devils that enter into empty houses.

  “But let us drop the subject for the present, Branscombe,”
said Martinus. "We have an engagement to visit Mrs.
Temple’s home to-morrow afternoon, and then we shall see
what we shall see.”

person, apparently in his early forties, in a semi-clerical
coat and a clerical collar—pompous, over-fed. and evidently
obsessed with the idea of his own importance. He greeted
Martinus with a touch of condescension—as a professional
might greet an amateur.

  “Pleased to meet you, Doctor,” he said. “Mrs. Temple
has been telling me about your work. Well, we psychic
dabblers must stand together, whether inside the church or
outside—eh, Doctor?” he chuckled.

  Martinus looked at him blankly, but that did not dis-
concert him. Mrs. Temple intervened tremulously.

  “Mr. Craven has been so kind as to promise to co-
operate with you, Doctor,” she said. “I thought two heads

might be better than one if-”

  I thought Martinus would explode, but he did nothing
of the sort. “I shall be delighted to have Mr. Craven’s co-
operation," he said, with a cynical smile.

'T'HE house, which was about ten years old. was a large
one, standing in some small grounds, and well set back
from the noisy street. A maid in a cap and apron opened
the door. The interior showed some standards of taste,
and advanced ones of comfort. As we entered we heard a
man’s high, rather shrill, unpleasant voice in the living-
room. Mrs. Temple, who was in conversation with him,
appeared embarrassed.

  “Doctor Martinus, let me introduce you to Mr. Craven,”
she said.

  Martinus, who had not presented me to Mrs. Temple in
his office, did so now, and I was introduced to Craven in
turn. He did not impress me favorably. A stout, florid

“rT'HAT’S fine!” boomed Craven. "Nothing small about
us researchers, is there, Doctor ? We can’t afford to have
any petty jealousy of each other. The subject’s too vast.”
"Yes—as big as the universe,” replied the doctor. “Or,
as small as a bath-room,” he added, with a meaning glance
at me. “Just as we make it, you know, Mr. Craven."

  I knew he was thinking of the character in one of Dos-
toievsky’s novels, who spoke
of death as a possible im-
prisonment instead of a
release. Craven saw
nothing sardonic in
the remark.

“Well, have you
seen the room since
I’ve altered it again?"
lie asked. "We might
go up, Mrs. Temple?
Yes, Doctor, I’ve pul
everything back again
exactly as it was be-
fore. I’m not ashamed
to own where I’ve
made a mistake.
There’s nothing petty
about me, Doctor.”

It was a pretty lit
tie room, overlooking
the quarter-acre of
back lawn—a room
containing a little
white bed. with
fresh sheets and a
white and blue
coverlet. A few

engravings were
(Continued on
page 75)
The Law of-Karma declares lhal evil deeds bring
their reward in kind. If Forber and Roberson
could have known in youlh the terrible price
they would pay-
By Colonel Tlorman Q. Thiwaites

IT was expected of Hetty Delville’s guests that they
should do something more than eat her very excellent
dinners when invited to her attractive house. In fact,
unkind folks said that unless you earned your dinner
by useful conversation, you were never likely to be
invited to her spacious London mansion again.

  She was not a lion hunter in the ordinary sense of the
term. She merely aspired to provide something that made
people talk—and she succeeded. One heard such phrases as:
"Curious thing I heard at Hetty’s the other night.” and then
would follow a strange story, or. a weird and wild solution
of some political problem. Sometimes she would have no-
body more intellectual than a young subaltern who had done
something worth while—a V. C., or an escaped war prisoner.

  She trifled with the esoteric and had some leaning towards
spiritism. I confess her dinners were sometimes worth
while. I was not a lion nor a raconteur, but I was a good
listener and as T once told her, I will always listen to a
lie once.

  This story is the latest yarn I heard at Hetty Delville’s
table. I give it for what it is worth, just as it was offered
by the man who told it.

  Conversation had been led by Hetty in her favorite direc-
tion—hypnotism, ghosts, premonitions, etc. Then Major
Hardman, with a string of letters after his name, gave
tongue. It was what he was there for!

  Hardman is one of those rather unusual persons who sits
silent when talk is general, but always appears to be able
to speak an epilogue that enhances the value of everything
that has gone before. We settled back in our chairs, pre-
pared to hear something good. This is his story:

CINCE you have touched on the mysterious, I should like
to tell you of a curious experience I had, for which I offer
no explanation, but which even now I cannot think of with-
out shivers down the spine.

  Some years ago I made a trip to East Africa. I did a
bit of shooting but my main purpose wras to make a report
on conditions out there for a certain group of capitalists.
As a matter of fact, the information was also to be passed
on to the Colonial Office.

  By chance I ran across a man who was one of the pioneers
in the coffee growing business near Nairobi. There were
not many British settlers in those days. This chap called
himself Forber—Gerald Forber. His real name, I dis-
covered. was very different. He had been in the Congo at
one time and various other parts of Africa. He claimed to

know every race and tribe on the Continent, and could
handle the black man better than anyone else.

  Forber certainly had an uncanny power over the natives
who worked for him. One came across bis tracks wherever
one went. Chiefs and medicine men and humble bearers
knew all about hitn. He was not liked and I confess I did
not take to the fellow. But a white man in the wilds is not
over fastidious.

  I spent a week on my way up country with Forber and
on mv return had a few days more with him. On this
occasion he had a fellow named Roberson staying with him.
As far as I could make out. Roberson was a sort of traveling
agent for him. In addition to coffee planting, they ran
some mysterious business of which they said nothing.

  Roberson was a rather good-looking man, but was marked
by dissipation. He drank a great deal. I noticed. I found
myself wondering why I had accepted Forber’s invitation
to stay with him on my way back. I did not like the man,
and Roberson was even less to my taste.

1J OWEVER, there were certain reports to be completed
^ *■ and mailed home before I could leave, so 1 decided to
put in the time with Forber, rather than be alone. As a
matter of fact it was very hard to refuse Forber anything.
He was a man of extraordinary force and when he was
thwarted in anything he overcame obstacles by a sort of
concentrated earnestness that somehow suggested a menace.
I had the greatest difficulty in persuading him to let me
go on the date I had fixed. He was most anxious to keep
me a few days more. He lived very comfortably. Most
of his servants were East Indians, excellently trained and
curiously eager to serve him. In fact they were cowed—
whipped—doglike, I might almost say.

  We parted with the usual promises to meet again, ex-
changed club addresses, and talked conventionally of the
"damned good dinner" we would have when we foregathered
in London some day.

  It must have been two years later when one evening as I
entered the Junior Sports Club, the hall porter said a gen-
tleman had been to see me not half an hour before, and he
handed me his card. It was Gerald Forber. He had told
the porter he would call later. I had no very keen desire
to see Forber again, but as I had some interests in East
Africa at that time, and information at first hand being
always useful, I told the porter to give Forber my address
and telephone number.

  At eight o’clock, as 1 was about to leave my rooms, the

38
“WIIA T A MAN SOW'S—”

39

he closed the
door.

 He led me
into the sitting

room. Forber was gazing at the window,
attention to me. He was breathing heavily
was ghastly pale. His collar was ripped off
was open at the front. On his throat I noticed
finger marks and across his forehead was a
from which ran a small stream of blood. I
two men had been fighting.

  “Here’s Hardman.” said Roberson.

  Forber sat up. then sprang to his feet, but

He paid no
and his face
and the shirt
at once were
long scratch
thought the

still keeping

at the window. Grad-
ually they both grew
more composed. For-
lier repeated that it
was good of me to come.

Presently, after a few stupid re-
marks from me, and little more than grunts from Forber.
they appeared to regain some measure of sanity.

  “You will think all this very strange, Hardman,” Forber
remarked, “but Roberson and 1 have had a rather trying
time. I can't" explain it but I felt that the presence—the

presence-” His mind seemed to wander and his eyes

turned to the window again. Roberson, too. was staring
round the room, furtively, with sudden, quick twists of the
head. It was uncanny.

  Then Forber resumed. "The (Continued on {•age 90)

telephone rang. A voice 1 did not recognize asked whether
1 was in. Then an agonized, breathless voice exclaimed:
“That you. Hardman? For God’s sake come round to
No.—Pall Mall. I must see you. Top floor. . . . Come
at once!”

  I replied that I was going out and asked who was speaking.

  “This is Forber! Roberson is with me I We want to
see you! Come quickly I” The voice had the sound of
terror in it.

  1 said I was sorry. But Forber was not to be put off.
He begged me to come round after dinner. For some reason
1 was curiously annoyed. I answered that I could not
promise anything. With that I rang of?.

  Throughout dinner with some stodgy, family friends,
my mind returned again and again to the memory of
that anguished voice. The result was that at ten
o’clock I made my excuses and went to the address
given.

  I was obliged to walk up four flights of stairs as
the lift had ceased running. I had hardly touched
the bell of flat No. 18 when the door was flung open
by Roberson.

  “Thank God. you’ve come.’’ he said. “Forber is
in an awful state." i looked at the man. He was
white and haggard. Drops of perspiration stood
on his forehead, and his hands were trembling as

his eyes on the window with a concentrated and terrified
gaze. He grabbed me by the hand. "Thanks for coming,"
he said hoarsely.

  There was a curious musty smell in the room that I found
very unpleasant. Both men were very hot, although the
room was cold. There was a small fire in the grate, but it
seemed to throw out no heat.

  “Well," I said, “what’s the trouble? You fellows look
a bit agitated.” I kept an outward appearance of noncha-
lance. but I confess I felt far from comfortable. Roberson
had sat down and he made a queer attempt to laugh. Forber
was mopping his brow. Both men kept stealing glances

 Cursing under
 their breath,
 the two men
 adhered
 out the
 room, atruj-
 4 ling desper-
 ately with
 their invisible
 opponent
IIEXT1—Within

douLi

                  Skeptics doubl lhal a room can have
                  Ihincj. Bui Ihose who

THE outer door downstairs was closed with a sharp
click, and the two men who had entered began to
ascend the well worn stairs. As the Sounds of foot-
steps and jerky conversation became louder, the
lurking shadow at the door of John Tempest’s
rooms resolved itself into the figure of a young man who
appeared to listen, and then
as a pair of eyes rose above
the level of the corridor floor,
to move softly away and be
lost in the dimness which lay
beyond the bracket light—
hut not before Charles
Walters had caught a startled
glimpse of that excessively
pallid face.

  A look of puzzlement
flitted across Walters’ fea-
tures—a phrase died un-
spoken on his lips. He au-
tomatically paused. Tempest
brushed past him and stepped
to his door.

  Tempest was a large man.

He wore an ulster over a
rough weave gray. suit. A
soft hat was pulled down over
his face. Walters was round
of feature, keen of eye—a
certain type of London bar-
rister, neat in his conven-
tional dress suit and dark
overcoat.

  Tempest pushed open the
door and turned to his com-
panion.

  "Are you coming in,

Walters ?”

  “Eh? No! I think not.

Thanks.”

  “What’s the matter? You
seem upset all of a sudden.”

  “I—I’m all right,” said
Walters hastily. He peered
down the hall with an anxious
look in his eyes that he
could not disguise, then as
if ashamed of his action and
with an attempt at a smile,
he repeated: “I’m all right,

Tempest."

  “I’ll take your word for
it," said Tempest jovially.

“Do come in for a little,

Walters. It’s early yet.”

   Walters hesitated.

  “I’ve got to be in court
early tomorrow morning. It

must be midnight now. I must get my sleep to keep fit."

  “Nonsense. Another ten minutes won’t kill you,” Tempest
urged. “Come in and have something to drive out the chill.
That lecture hall was as cold as a tomb. Just a drop of
whisky for a night cap, a cigarette with me, and you can
go upstairs.”

"Well—all right then. A drink sounds tempting. But

I can’t stay.”

  As he followed Tempest,
he looked once more along
the corridor with the same
puzzled stare, then closed
the door.

  ‘‘We need something after
that hour and a half’s tor-
ture,” said Tempest, tossing
his ulster and hat on a
chair. “I always thought
Professor Capri was a fool.
Now I’m sure of it.”
Walters took off his coat
and hat with slow delibera-
tion, and laid them down
carefully. Standing with
his back to the open fire,
he nodded.

  “Ugh! Ninety minutes
on suicide! Jove!” He
glanced around the room.
“You’re cosy in here.”
Tempest looked up from
the tray, set with glasses
and a decanter.

  “You’d scarcely think
there was much to be said
on the subject of suicide—
apart from the medical and
legal aspect.”

  “Or that anyone would
care to sit and listen to it—
yet, good heavens, the hall
was packed! Lot of women
too. What on earth do you
suppose they went for?”
“Same reason as our-
selves, I imagine—curiosity.
Well, here’s your drink.
Here’s to a well filled brief
bag, old man! Cigarette?
I would have liked to
have seen into the brains
of some of the people
there, and found out what
they were thinking of."

His stubby forefinger was raised--as
though to say to the tenant who would
now occupy those rooms "Next!"

40
Four Creeping Walls

the personality o] a living, oreathinq
know the Irulh-

Wallers smiled though faintly.

 ‘‘If you had pried off my skull-
 cap, you’d have found I was
 thinking I’d have had a lot more fun watching a chorus of
 pretty girls. I fancy most of our distinguished fellow
 auditors were thinking of much the same.”

"Capri’s a crank. Extraordinary looking man! I must
say he spoke very convincingly too.”

ES,” Walters agreed. “There were times I was really

impressed. Only-well, that statement of his that

 fifty per cent of humanity is on the verge of suicide was a
 bit far fetched."

 “Of course. If he had his way, no doubt he’d have you
 and me labelled as potential suicides." Tempest laughed
 heartily. “Us? I'm too fond of life. As for you, Walters,

with the world in front of you-Suicide? Bosh!"

"Bosh is the word. But then, the public will swallow
anything these days."

"Anything but the truth. Have a drop more?”

“No, thanks.”

“Want a clear head tomorrow, eh?” said Tempest as he
helped himself generously. “Quite right. You know, I can
stand a lot of guff, Walters. I’m open to be convinced on
most any subject—if’it is supported by logic and proof.
But, when Capri gets up on his hind legs and blandly states
that a man, for no known cause, will end his life with a
messy knife, a revolver, or a dose of poison—that’s too much
for me! A poor devil who's driven to the wall
and sees no way of escape?—Yes, that's possible.

But a man who has no mental taint, who has
money, hope, ambition, health—to kill himself?

Why, that’s arrant nonsense!”

 “Yes,” replied Walters from his chair, where
 be sat gazing thoughtfully into the fireplace, “I
 agree with you. Only there have been cases
 of fcl-dcx-se where no earthly cause could be
 discovered.”

 “I’d like to, see
 the case!” Tempest
 retorted.

Walters looked about him re-
flectively. What a delightful
room it was, with its dark wood
panels, its carved fireplace, its low book shelves well filled,
and the Italian cabinet which held Tempest’s collection of
coins. Comfort, tradition—it had everything that a student’s
room should have. He had an idea that its beauties were

wasted 011 Tempest. Even the tragedy of young-

 “Well?” said Tempest sharply.

“A case, eh? Take the case of young-” Walters

 paused. “Oh well, perhaps I shouldn’t.”

“Go ahead, man. Case of whom?” Tempest prompted.
“Perhaps I shouldn't have brought it up,” continued
Walters, with apologetic reluctance. “But, as an instance,
take the case of the poor devil who had these rooms before
you. There was a mystery, if ever there was one!”

 A look, as if of irritation,
 crept into Tempest’s eyes.

“Yes—from all accounts.

By Robert Sneddon

Walters did
not notice
that in the
doorway
someone
stood point-
ing at him

41
42

Ghost Stories

You're the one who first discovered him here, weren't you?”
Walters pointed to the archway dividing the room they
were in, from the bedroom beyond.

  “He was lying there. Poison. Not a scrap of writing to
explain, excepting three words on an old envelope. Three

words—without sense. ‘This damned room’-those were

the three words.

IS affairs were all in order, and he had money in the
bank. His life was insured three months earlier,
and he had a clean bill of health. So far as I could learn,
not the slightest trace of hereditary insanity existed. No
reason—absolutely none—for him to kill himself.”

  ‘ Didn’t your legal acumen discern any trace of the usual
woman?” asked Tempest, with a trace of sarcasm.

  “He was engaged to be married. The girl was crazy
about him, and he about her,” Walters answered simply,
“—so that theory is out.”

  “How about accident?"

  “No one but a fool takes prussic acid by mistake. What
on earth would
he have prussic
acid for, any-
way— but the
one thing?"

 T empest
pointed to a vial
on the mantel
shelf.

 “What am I
doing with cy-
anide of potas-
s i u m ? You
wouldn't infer
that I mean to
poison myself
because I buy
cyanide to clean my coins?”

  “No! I’d never suspect you of designs on your own life,
Tempest. But—some sudden impulse coming from God
knows where, swept that poor devil out of his sanity. It
interests me. It puzzles me. Some of these times I’m

almost tempted to lie in wait for him. and ask him-”

  Tempest stared, then burst into a loud laugh.

  “Ask him? Good Lord, you amaze me, Walters! Surely
you aren’t on the level of mentality of old Briggs, the care-
taker. You surely don’t believe that yarn of his.” Tempest
paused and stroked his chin thoughtfully. “But 1 hope
to heaven he doesn't carry out his threat to leave us. He’s
a thoroughly capable fellow, old Briggs is, even if he is
overcredulous and acts like a fool at times.”

  “What would you say if I tell you I have seen young
Halliwell’s spirit?” Walters asked abruptly.

  “I’d say you had more to drink than was good for you,”
Tempest told him boisterously.

  “Do you think I am drunk nowr?”

  “Eh?—no! What are you getting at?"

  “Just this,” said Walters slowly—“As we came upstairs,
1 saw him—at your door.”

  "Saw the poor devil who killed himself here in this room?”
Tempest’s eyesbrows raised, and he smiled sarcastically. “Oh
come, come, Walters—I didn’t think Capri could hypnotize
you that badly.”

  Walters leaned forward earnestly.

‘‘T'M not easily persuaded of anything, Tempest—you know
L that. When Briggs came to me with his story of seeing
this thing, I laughed at him. In fact I said the same thing
as you said about me—'Too much to drink!’ But—well—
I've changed my opinion. This is the third time I’ve caught
a glimpse—just a fleeting glimpse of someone—or soine-
ihing—that is the image of young Halliwell.”

  “You're usually such a sane being, Walters, but this

statement rather shakes my faith in you. You don’t mean
to infer that this wretched thing haunts the house? A
ghost? Come—you're telling me that you’ve seen a ghost!
That’s a hit too much for me to swallow. Wrapped in a
sheet, I suppose?”

  “No, very much as he was in life, only his face was very
white and drawn. He wore a dark suit. 1 couldn’t mistake
him, Tempest.”

  Tempest laid dowrn his cigarette and looked at Walters
steadily. Then he burst into a loud laugh.

  “Very good! Excellent! Why, old man, you almost had
me believing you, with that ‘solemn old owl’ manner of
yours. I see now how you hoodwink juries."

  Tempest rose to his feet with a wink, and took an ex-
aggerated pose. “A slight impersonation of a well known
figure in legal circles,” he said mockingly. “Gentlemen of
the jury, as 1 came up the stairs on the evening of December
the twentieth, on the stroke of midnight, I saw before me,
in front of the door giving entrance to the rooms of John
Tempest, the apparition of a pale young man, which I state

here, and now,
without fear of
contradiction,
sustained by the
evidence of my
own eyes, by my
own unshakable
conviction, b y
the confirmation
of a mind ac-
customed to
weigh every tri-
fle thrice over—
was no other
than that of a
person whom I
know to l>e dead.

In fact, gentlemen of the jury, it was the ghost of-’

No! old man, tell that to the marines, or to one of your
trusting juries, but not to me. Have another whisky?”

0. thanks!" replied Walters, smiling faintly. “Well,
I see there's no use talking to you, Tempest. But
seeing is believing, you know.”

  “Yes.” said Tempest drily, “and I've heard of circum-
stantial evidence falling down with a crash. I’ll wait until
I see this ghost of yours. 1 give you my word I saw nothing
as we came upstairs. And. I flatter myself my eyesight is a.s
good as yours, my friend. Well, it's growing late. I mustn’t
keep you any longer."

  Walters rose and yawned.

  “I don’t feel like it, hut I’ve half an hour’s reading in
front of me tonight, before I turn in.”

  “I’ll wait up a little myself,” said Tempest. “Er—you
say you found him here, did you?”

  “Yes, just over there, under the arch—head in the bed-
room, legs curled up in this room. Not a pleasant sight by
any means.”

  Tempest walked slowly over to the spot and stared down
at the dark flooring.

  “I’m afraid one of Capri’s theories is all wrong. You
remember, he said something about the psychic trace of a
suicide.”

  “No, I didn’t catch that. What was it?”

  “Oh, some crazy notion to the effect that a suicide leaves
some sort of impression on the place where he takes his life.
He goes out unhappy, unexpressed, and leaves some—how
shall I put it?—atmospheric depression, a certain lingering
horror. Is it possible Halliwell left his gruesome influence
on this room? But I’m damned-if I feel anything one way
or the other. I have nothing but a desire at present to sit
down, smoke a pipe, and toddle off to bed after that. My
brother-in-law, fond of a joke you (Continued on page 62)

'"J{ suicide leaues some sort of impression
on the place where he takes his life, tie
goes out unhappy, unexpressed, and
leaues some—hou; shall 1 put it?-—atmos^
pheric depression, a certain lingering horror.
Is it possible Halliwell left his gruesome
influence on this room?'"
Under the

SPELL

of the

  Red

 Circle

    Wilh no lel-up lo Evelyn's
    hysteria^ wilh ihe deadly in-
    fluence of the Red Circle
    closing around the household
    —Doclor Qrover himself sud-
    denly vanishes as if ihe earlh
    had swallowed him. Whal
    unseen hands spirited him
    away?

By IDilbert IDadleigh

"Doctor!” Travers
called loudly. There
ivas no answer—save
the rustling of the
leaves

EDWIN TRAVERS, eminent psy-
chologist and well known authority on
spiritism, is visited by Dr. Grover, a
leader among the skeptics opposed to the
professor. The doctor asks Travers to
investigate the strange, trance-like actions of his
pretty daughter, Evelyn.

  Professor Travers magnanimously overlooks the
doctor’s opposition to his beliefs and teachings, and consents to
visit the girl, to try to unravel the mystery of the “spells” she
is subjected to that are such a source of worry to her parents.

  Professor Travers learns, among other things, that the
notorious Ronald Tracy, found dead from shock, shortly
before, had tried by threats, and every other means, to
obtain possession of the doctor’s old Colonial manse,
“Groverly,” near Jamestown, Virginia, to use as his head-
quarters for the dreaded “devil cult”—the Red Circle.

  Almost as soon as the professor arrives at the manse,
Evelyn falls into one of her “spells” and talks, apparently
in the person of another being. All are thrown into con-
sternation, including her fiance, Robert Briton, young news-
paper man, who is present. A little later, Sam, negro
butler, hurries in, reporting that the doctor’s police dog,
Rex, has met sudden death from the scratches of a great
black cat that hovers about the place. Dr. Grover makes
a chemical test and finds that the dog died of poison—
poison scratches.

  These happenings are not altogether a mystery to Pro-
fessor Travers, who considers that they have a psychic
cauSe. They do afford, however, an opportunity to furnish
to Evelyn’s father, incontestable proof of the existence of
a spirit world in constant communication with the living.
In fact, Travers is resolved that he will win the doctor over
to his teachings and beliefs in regard to the unseen world,
and he figures that these strange happenings will prove to
be the very means to help him most in this.

■JT was with these thoughts on his mind, as the sun was
*- approaching the horizon, that the professor reached
the old manse, feeling refreshed after an hour’s walk to the
ruins of Jamestown and back. The declining solar rays
cast grotesque, elongated shadows of the old elms that lined
the driveway. A few decades ago it had been a dirt road;
now it. was of decomposed granite, with cement sidewalks
and expansive lawns on either side.

  He halted, and surveyed the old house in fascination. The

43
44

ghost Stories

structure was typically Colonial; of brick, with green
shutters and a large veranda that ran the entire length of
the house, spaced with round, white columns. The doctor
had taken him through it that morning, explaining the
various changes that had been made in the structure. As
he viewed it now, he noted that the original
building comprised the right wing, consist-
ing of the living-room, dining-room,
kitchen, and servants' quarters downstairs,
and four bed-rooms and a bath-room
upstairs. The upper right corner
facing the front he knew to be
Evelyn’s room. He had been as-
signed the room next to it, and the
doctor and Mrs. Grover
were directly across the hall,
which ran parallel to the
front of the building.

  The old section was
covered with ivy, and
a huge, ancient bogan-
villea spread its pur-
ple bloom up the side
of the veranda and in
between the upper
windows, spreading
over the roof at the
corner where the brick
fireplace reared its
chimney. An old grape-
vine ascended an ar-
bor to Evelyn's win-
dow, laden with half-
grown fruit.

  The new section
was half the size of
the original, and was
also covered with vines, though
not so thickly. Downstairs a hall-
way led off from the living-room
in the old section to a music-room,
a library, combination laboratory
and operating-room, and a small bed-
room in the back that was used for
storage purposes. Upstairs were four
guest rooms.

•"pHE lengthening shadows of the
*■ tall elms bathed parts of the old
manse in a premature dusk; moving
splotches of sunlight on the walls
filtering through waving branches
gave a strange, animate effect to the
ancient abode. The shutters stirred
slightly in the breeze, with their win-
dow's seeming like so many monstrous
eyes. Travers visualized the veranda
with its white columns as a huge
mouth; the house as a squatting-mon-
ster waiting to devour passers by.

  “The stories you could tell!” he
muttered to the brooding pile. “Tales
of the birth of America: the Revolu-
tion—the Civil War-’’

  He walked on. and a car swept into
the driveway. He recognized Evelyn
Grover, the doctor, and young Robert
Briton, and removed his cap to them.

  “Well, Professor!” exclaimed Dr.

Grover, as the party stopped in front
of the house, “did you enjoy your
walk?"

"Yes, indeed," said Travers, bowing

to Miss Grover and Robert. “This is a historic old country
hereabouts,” he exclaimed. “I poked around Jamestown
today."

  "Didn’t bump into Captain John Smith, did you Pro-
fessor?” laughed Evelyn, jumping from the car.

  "No,” said Travers with a smile, "nor Patrick Henry nor
your old tenant, Andrew Brainard.”

                             “Daddy,” exclaimed
                             Evelyn, “did you show
                             Professor Travers our
                             cannon ball ?"
                             “By Tove!

"All the
time Tra-
cey stood
eyeing me.
It waa dia-
bolical.”

   no, I haven’t. Come. Professor, you must see
   that old relic.”

        He led the way around to the rear of the
 building, and pointed to a half round protuber-
 ance near the left corner, just under the roof,
 painted a dark color.

   “A relic of the Revolution.” said the doctor.
 "We keep it painted so it will not rust. See?
 It’s half imbedded in the wall.”

   “They say George Washington was in the house
 at the time,” said Evelyn; “—it was his head-
 quarters for over a week.”

   They went into the house, discussing this
 ancient memento of a long-dead British artillery-
 Mrs. Grover greeted them brightly as
 Sam, the aged negro butler, ushered them in.

   “Mammy Jane’s got dinner nearly ready,” she
 said. She glanced anxiously at her daughter.

   “Oh, I’m all right, Mother!” laughed Evelyn.
 ‘Getting out today did me a world of good. Bob
 beat Daddy playing golf.”

        The doctor grinned.

        “Darned if the young scamp didn’t make
        an eagle!” he said. “The last hole in one!"

       “Yes,” laughed Bob, "and the doctor
       charged me with having planted the ball
UNDER THE SPELL OF THE RED CIRCLE

45

there the night before. Shows how much faith he has in me !"

  They dressed for dinner, which was served in the ancient
dining-room with its blackened beams, peg-fastened, a ven-
erable Colonial buffet and other old pieces of furniture
surrounding them. The dining-table itself had been pointed
out to Travers earlier in the day; it was of black walnut
of the finest quality, over two hundred years old, and
priceless.

CAM waited upon them with simple efficiency. Mammy
Jane had prepared an old-fashioned southern chicken din-
ner with yams and corn-pone that put conversation to shame.
Travers w'as charmed, both by the savory cooking, and the
democracy in the Grover household. The two negroes evi-
dently loved and were almost a part of the family. Sam was
spoken to and made replies while serving, frequently cutting
in on the conversation of the others. There was an utter
absence of restraint, yet his manner was always profoundly
respectful. Travers had never felt more completely at ease in
his life. The doctor made a few joking remarks to Sam about
the black cat, which the aged
negro said had not been seen the
rest of the day.

  The subject of the house was
brought up by the doctor, and
remained the main topic of
interest.

  “It’s terribly old,” said
Evelyn, “and sometimes it has
a depressing effect upon me.

I don't know how to describe
it, exactly. I think of all the
people who have lived here

“Beg pahdon, suh, but Mammy wants yo' to 'vestigate
some noises, suh; in th’ kitchen wall, suh.”

The doctor laughed, and rose,

“Speak of the devil,” he said, “and he’s bound to appear.
Come on, folks; let’s make it a convention.”

They all rose and - followed him to the kitchen, where
Mammy Jane, her huge bulk braced against the kitchen
stove, a meat cleaver in her hand, turned widened eyes
upon them and held a black finger to her lips.

“Sh!” she whis-
pered, pointing to the
wall; “in dere!”

They listened, but
heard nothing. Dr.

the cipher after
“It’s rather dif-

who are dead and gone:

And Colonel Andrew and
his old diary.”

 “I was working on
luncheon,” said Travers,
ficult. I spent three hours studying it.”

  “So that’s why you wouldn’t come with
us!” exclaimed Evelyn. “Rather pore over
a musty old book !”

  Travers laughed.

  “A very interesting book, I assure you.

Why, I read about Washington and his
staff studying maps here, no doubt spread out on this
very table.”

  “Think of that!” Mrs. Grover exclaimed.

  “Interesting,” said the doctor.

  “This chicken a la Maryland is more interesting to
me,” laughed Briton, “than just maps.”

  “Mammy is a dandy cook,” said Evelyn. “I don’t know
what we’d do without her. But she’s frightfully super-
stitious. She believes the house is haunted I”

  Sam appeared, and approached the doctor deferentially.

'' I was
about to
rit& when
suddenly I
was seized
from be-
hind by
powerful
arms and a
gag placed
over my
mouth.”

 you haven’t any to exhibit,”
 Mammy Jane put the cleaver

   Grover smiled indul-
   gently, and shook his
   head.

      “But ah tells yo’, ah
 heerd ’em jes’ now!”
 the old negress cried.
 “Yo’ all jes’ wait.”

   “Mammy,” laughed Mrs.
 Grover, “every time we
 come to hear your noises,

   (Continued on page 70)
  By Frank Belknap Long, Jr.

HEN Hazlitt saw the stranger at his desk his
emotions were distinctly unpleasant. ‘‘Upcher
might have given me notice,” lie thought. ‘‘He
wouldn’t have been so high-handed a few months

ago!”

  He gazed angrily about the office. No one seemed aware
of his presence. The man who had taken his desk , was
dictating a letter, and the stenographer did not even raise
her eyes. "It's damnable!” said Hazlitt, and he spoke loud
enough for the usurper to hear; but the latter continued to
dictate: “The premium on policy 6284 has been so long
overdue-”

  Hazlitt stalked furiously across the office and stepped
into a room blazing with light and clamorous with conver-
sation. Upcher, the President, was in conference, but
Hazlitt ignored the three directors who sat puffing con-
tentedly on fat cigars, and addressed himself directly to
the man at the head of the table.

  “I’ve worked for you for twenty years,” he shouted
furiously, “and you needn’t think you can dish me now.
I’ve helped make this company. If necessary, I shall take

legal steps-”

  Mr. Upcher was stout and stern. His narrow skull and
small eyes under heavy eyebrows, suggested a very primi-
tive type. He had stopped talking and was staring directly
at Hazlitt. His gaze was icily indifferent—stony, remote.
His calm was so unexpected that it frightened Hazlitt.

  The directors seemed perplexed. Two of them had stopped
smoking, and the third was passing his hand rapidly back
and forth across his forehead. “I’ve frightened them,”
thought Hazlitt. “They know the old man owes every-
thing to me. I mustn't appear too submissive.”

  “You can’t dispose of me like this,” he continued dog-
matically. “I’ve never complained of the miserable salary
you gave me, but you can’t throw me into the street with-
out notice.”

  The President colored slightly. “Our business is very
important-” he began.

1_J AZLITT cut him short with a wave of his hand. "My
L business is the only thing that matters now. ... I want
you to know that I won’t stand for your ruthless tactics.
When a man has slaved as I have for twenty years he
deserves some consideration. I am merely asking for
justice. In heaven’s name, why don’t you say something?
Do you want me to do all of the talking?”

  Mr. Upcher wiped away with his coat sleeve the small
beads of sweat that had accumulated above his collar. His
gaze remained curiously impersonal, and when Hazlitt swore
at him he wet his lips and began: “Our business is very

important-”

  Hazlitt trembled at the repetition of the man’s unctuous
remark. He found himself reluctant to say more, but his
anger continued to mount. He advanced threateningly to
46

 the head of the table and glared into the impassive eyes of
 his former employer. Finally he broke out: “You’re a
 damn scoundrel!”

   One of the directors coughed. A sickly grin spread itself
 across Mr. L’pcher’s stolid countenance. "Our business, as

 I was saying-”

   Hazlitt raised his fist and struck the president of the
 Richbank Life Insurance Company squarely upon the jaw.
 It was an intolerably ridiculous thing to do, but Hazlitt was
 no longer capable of verbal persuasion. And he had decided
 that nothing: less than a blow would be adequate.

   The grin disappeared from Mr. Upcher’s face. He raised
 his right hand and passed it rapidly over his chin. A flash
 of anger appeared for a moment in his small, deep-set eyes.
 "Something I don't understand,” he murmured. "It hurt
 like the devil. I don’t know precisely what it means!”
 "Don’t you?” shouted Hazlitt. "You’re lucky to get off

Cfhe Man IDho Died
  T1DICE
     In Death as
  in Life Hazlitt
  was futile,
  spineless, in-
  effect ual.
  Then came
  one glorious
  opportunity

"Something has come between
us," said Hazlitt's wife, "1 feel
it like a physical presence.”

with that. I’ve a good mind to hit you again.” But he
was frightened at his own violence, and lie was unable to
understand why the directors had not seized him. They
seemed utterly unaware of anything out of the ordinary:
and even Mr. Upcher did not seem greatly upset. He con-
tinued to rub his chin, but the old indifference had crept
back into his eyes.

  “Our business is very important-” he began.

  Hazlitt broke down and wept. He leaned against the
wall while great sobs convulsed his body. Anger and abuse
he could have faced, but Mr. Upcher’s stony indifference
robbed him of manhood. It was impossible to argue with a
man who refused to be insulted. Hazlitt had reached the
end of his rope; he was decisively beaten. But even his
acknowledgment of defeat passed unnoticed. The directors
were discussing policies and premiums and first mortgages,
and Mr. Upcher advanced a few commonplace opinions
while his right hand continued to caress his chin.

  “Policies that have been carried for more than fifty
years,” he was saying, “are not subject to the new law. It

is possible by the contemplated-*'

Hazlitt did not wait for him to
finish. Sobbing hysterically he
passed into the outer office, and sev-
eral minutes later he was descending
in the elevator to the street. All
moral courage had left him; he felt
like a man who has returned from
the grave. He was white to the lips,
and when he stopped for a moment
in the vestibule he was horrified at
the way an old woman poked at him
with her umbrella and actually
pushed him aside.

The glitter and chaos of Broad-
way at dusk did not soothe him. He
walked despondently, with his hands
in his pockets and his eyes upon the
ground. “I’ll never get another job,”
he thought. “I’m a nervous wreck
and old Upcher will never recom-
mend me. 1 don't know how I'll break the news to
Helen.”

The thought of his wife appalled him. He knew that
she would despise him. “She'll think I’m a jellyfish,” he
groaned. "But I did all a man could. You can't buck up
against a stone wall. I can see that old Upcher had it in
for me from the start. I hope he chokes!”

   He crossed the street at 73rd Street and started leisurely
westward. It was growing dark and he stopped for a
moment to look at his watch. His hands trembled and the
timepiece almost fell to the sidewalk. With an oath he
replaced it in his vest. "Dinner will be cold,” he muttered.
"And Helen won’t be in a pleasant mood. How on earth
am I going to break the news to her?”

11")HEN he reached his apartment he was shivering. He
sustained himself by tugging at the ends of his mus-
tache and whistling apologetically. He was overcome with
shame and fear but something urged him not to put off
ringing the bell.

   He pressed the buzzer firmly, but no reassuring click
answered him. Yet—suddenly he found himself in his own
apartment. “I certainly got in,” he mumbled in an im-
measurably frightened voice, “but I apparently didn't come

47
48

GHOST STORIES

through the door .... Or did I ? I don’t think I'm
quite well.”

  He hung up his hat and umbrella, and walked into the
sitting room. His wife was perched on the arm of his
Morris chair, and her back wras turned towards him. She
was in dressing gown and slippers, and her hair was down.
She was whispering in a very low voice: "My dear; my
darling! I hope you haven’t worked too hard to-day. You
must take care of your health for my sake. Poor Richard
went off in three days with double pneumonia.

  Hazlitt stared. The woman on the chair was obviously
not addressing him, and he thought for
an instant that he had strayed into the

A woman passed
through him. “Hor-
rible!” he groaned.

"There isn’t any-
thing to me
at all! I'm
worse than a
jellyfish!"

wrong apart-
ment and
mistaken a
stranger for
his wife. But
the familiar

lines of her profile soon un-
deceived him, and he gasped.
Then in a blinding flash he
saw it all. His wife had be-
trayed him, and she was
speaking to another man.

  Hazlitt quickly made up his
mind that he would kill his
wife. He advanced ominously
to where she sat, and stared
at her with furious, bloodshot
eyes. She shivered and
glanced about her nervously.

The stranger in the chair rose and stood with his back to
the fireplace. Hazlitt saw that he was tall and lean, and
handsome. He seemed happy, and was smiling.

  Hazlitt clenched his fist and glared fiercely at this in-
truder into his private home.

  "Something has come between us," said Hazlitt’s wife
in a curiously distant voice. "I feel it like a physical pres-
ence. You will perhaps think me very silly.”

  The stranger shook his head. "I feel it too,” he said.
"It’s as if the ghost of an old love had come back to you.
While you were sitting on the chair I saw a change come

over your face. I think yon
fear something.”

  “I'll make you both fear
something!” shouted Haz-
lilt. He struck his wife on
the face with his open hand.
She colored slightly and
continued to address the
stranger. “It’s as if he had
come back. It is six months
to-night since we buried
him. He was a good hus-
band and I am not sure that
I have reverenced his mem-
ory. Perhaps we were too
hasty, Jack!”

  Hazlitt suppressed an
absurd desire to scream.
The blood was pounding in
his ears, and he gazed from
his wife to the stranger
with stark horror. His wife’s
voice sent a flood of dreadful mem-
ories welling through his conscious-
ness.

E saw again the hospital ward
where he had spent three days of
terrible agony, gasping for breath
and shrieking for water. A tall doc
tor with sallow bloodless cheeks bent
wearily above him and injected something
into his arm. Then unconsciousness, a
blessed oblivion w'iping out the world and
all its disturbing sights and sounds.

Later he opened his eyes and caught his
wife in the act of poisoning him. He saw
her standing above him with a spoon, and
a bottle in her hand, on which was a skull
and crossbones. He endeavored to rise
up, to cry out, but his voice failed him and
he could not move his limbs. He saw that his
wife was possessed of a devil and primitive horror
fastened on his tired brain.

He made dreadful grimaces and squirmed about
under the sheets, but his wife was relentless. She
bent and forced the spoon between his teeth. “I
don't love you,” she laughed shrilly. “And you’re
better dead. I only hope you won’t return to
haunt me!”

Hazlitt choked and fainted. He did not regain
consciousness but later he watched his body being
prepared for burial, and amused himself by thinking that
his wife would soon regret her vileness. "I shall show
her what a ghost can do!” he reflected grimly. "I shall
pay her for this! She won’t love me when I'm through
with her!”

There had followed days of confusion. Hazlitt
forgot that he w^as only a ghost, and he had walked
into his old office and deliberately insulted Mr.
Upcher. But now that his wife stood before him
memories came rushing back. (Continued on page 52)
Ghost Stories	49

   Cut out and mail this coupon for Free 
Book and Box of KOSKOTT.                 
Name ---                                 
Full Address...................          
                                   B-255 
Koskott Laboratory	Write

B-255 Station F New York	Today

LOVELY HAIR GROWTH Please Note

Amazing Experience
of One who 'was Saved
from Life-Long Bald-
ness through Koskott

 r HAD a very bad case of
Alopecia Areata,” writes Mr.
Barnes. “It had advanced so far
that every single hair on my head
was gone. And to make matters
worse, my eye-brows and eye-
lashes fell out, too!

  “I paid out $150 to a noted
scalp specialist for a special
treatment, in the hopes of effect-
ing a cure. At the time he took my
case he very frankly told me that
he would not make any promises,
as it was the worst case he had ever
seen. To be brief, at the end of six
months’ treatment, there were
perhaps one hundred hairs scat-
tered over my scalp—and those
were very weak. In fact, they
were so weak that I hardly dared
massage my scalp, for fear of
having them fall out. And within
that time, not an eye-brow, nor an
eye-lash appeared.

  ‘‘Then, by accident it seems, I
came across your little book en-
titled Perfect Hair.' Ever since
that day I have always thought of
it as the psychological moment. I
immediately started using your
preparations, without missing a
single day. I followed directions
faithfully. Today my faith is re-
warded by having a fine head of
hair. My head is completely
covered with hair.

  “Furthermore, I wish to say for
your benefit that there are dozens
of men, friends of mine, who, seeing
the results of the Koskott Method,
say that it is the most wonderful
thing they ever saw. One of these
men made the remark that—‘If I
had not seen it with my own eyes,

I would never have believed it.’

 “Words cannot express my
gratitude for the benefits I have
received from the use of the
Koskott Method."

  Ghost Stories is a very pop-
ular magazine. So guard this
copy carefully as someone might
borrow it and fail to return it.
Then you would not be able to get
your testing box of Koskott.

  The best advice is to fill out
coupon and send it today. Then
you will be sure to receive a reply
by return mail.

You are not under any
obligation whatever in ob-
taining the free box of Koskott.
We want to send it to you
ABSOLUTELY FREE. We
know you will be delighted
with it.

Want To Grow Hair?

W. II. COPELAND (photo above) re-
ports: "My hair is improving right along,
the bald spot looks darker; / am thankful
1 heard of Koskott."

  Do You Want to Grow Hair on that Bald Spot?
  Do You Want to Overcome Dry Scalp?
  Do You Want to Stop Falling Hair?
  Do You Want to Banish Dandruff Completely?
  Do You Want to Darken Gray or White Hair?
  Then Test the True Value of Koskott

  Do you want, FREE, a trial box of Koskott

  that has proved successful in so many cases?

  If so, you need only answer this advertise-
  ment by post-card or letter, or fill in the coupon
  below, asking for FREE BOX.

  This famous preparation is for dandruff, thin-
  ning hair and several forms of BALDNESS.

 In many cases a new hair growth has been
 reported when all else had failed. So why not see
 for yourself?

  What Koskott has done for others’ hair, why
  not for yours?

 KOSKOTT IS USED by MEN and WOMEN
 It is perfectly genuine and often starts hair
 growth in a few days.

FREE BOX

  Rejoice in the possession of

 A Beautiful Hair Growth

  Do not be discouraged if you have tried various
  lotions, shampoos, tonics, hair dyes, etc., without
  success. Most of those things are prepared accord-
  ing to the same obsolete principle. Koskott is
  different.

  But why think of the past? Send for a free
  box of Koskott. We have evidence from those who
  had lost most, or nearly all their hair, and from
  others whose hair was gray and dull-iooking, who
  now rejoice in the possession of a beautiful hair
  growth. What has been accomplished for others,
  why not for you?

  Do not pass by this message without giving it
  full heed. Convince yourself about Koskott.

 You Can Do a Kindness

  If your own hair is strong, healthy and of good
  color (and if you feel confident that it will always
  remain _so), you will probably be interested in
  Koskott for the sake of friends and acquaintances
  whose hair is thin, falling out, or perhaps bald.

  They might be glad to hear about Mr. Barnes
and the others who gained such remarkable results
after using Koskott.

  By sending us their names and addresses,

you can do them a great kindness. We shall be glad
  to communicate with them, and they will appreciate
  your thoughtfulness. If you prefer, your name will
  not be mentioned.

HISS MILDRED PERRY sends her photograph to
show that her hair is exactly one yard long. She
writes that before using Koskott her hair was short
and ugly and her head had three large bald spots.

Ladies: Bobbed hair is stylish—

and beautiful. To keep it attractive-
looking, it must be lustrous, abundant
and free of dandruff. To maintain a
lovely hair growth, use Koskott.

Would You Like Such a Result as Thist
SPIRIT TALES

         CTimely CTopics of Current Interest

HERE are still witches—in
New Jersey.

  Legally, they still exist in the
state that lies across the Hud-
son River from New York. One
can still he jailed for being a witch and
for practicing witchcraft in the flourish-
ingly modern cities of Newark, Trenton
(where Woodrow Wilson was once
governor), and the other great indus-
trial communities of the state.

  Some years ago a woman who claimed
to be a female preacher was arrested in
Newark, charged with being a witch
within the meaning of the statute. At
that time it was said that the police of
the city were conducting a private war of
their own, directed at witches, with a wiz-
ard squad specially detailed for the job.

  All this seems preposterous, but it is
all true. The woman minister who was
arrested on the charge (no good would
be served by mentioning her name
here) was the head of a ghost cult, as
the papers called it, and she was ac-
cused of communing with evil spirits.

  Michael Long, who was at that time
Chief of Police in Newark, was quoted
as saying about the case:

  “This woman is a witch within the
meaning of the statute. The informa-
tion that she gives out at her 'circles.'
breaks up homes. One man complained
to us that his wife had become a raving
maniac, as a result of the things she
told her. Newark has made up its mind
to get rid of witchcraft."

  All this was a number of years ago,
and yet, so far as can be learned, the
law still prevails. Moreover, such laws
persist today in many states, although
the voters do not dream they are still
in force.

  Of course the belief in witchcraft is
older than the Bible. Its practice is
gravely condemned in the Mosaic scrip-
tures, and it was by the authority of
such condemnations that many old
women were burned in New England.
There were sorcerers anil sooth-sayers
in the days of ancient Babylon and
Egypt. In the famous code of Ham-
murabi, who lived 2,000 years B. C.,
and who was a contemporary of Abra-
ham, appears this law:

  “If a man has laid a charge of witch-
craft upon a man. and has not justified
it, he upon whom the witchcraft is laid
shall-plunge into the Holy river, and if
the Holy river overcome him, lie who
accused him shall take himself to his
house."

  Apparently the earliest record of a
witch being burned to death is in the
year 1275, the witch confessing that
she fed her offspring the flesh of babe.'
At Toulouse, in 1335, sixty-three per
sons were accused of being witches,
eight of whom were burned to death
and the others were imprisoned for life

One of the most famous trials in the
United States was that of Grace Sher-

wood, of Princess Anne County, Vir-
ginia, who, in July, 1706, was “put into
water above man’s depth, to try how
she swims.”

  According to Connecticut laws,
adopted in 1642, but, so far as is known,
never repealed, “anyone that be a witch,
or consulteth with familiar spirits, shall
be put to death.”

  One of the most serious problems to-
day in the Philippines is the native be-
lief in witchcraft.

ONE of the most persistent beliefs
in the rural portions of the United
States is that good luck attends anyone
who possesses a piece of the rope with
which a criminal is hanged. After
hangings in Maryland there is always a
division of the rope. One Baltimore
druggist exhibited in a showcase, dozens
of pieces of rope about the length of a
man’s finger, and attached to each was
a tag bearing the name of the felon
whose neck was broken by the rope.

ONE of the great occult waves of the
present century was that of the
ouija board. During the war it leaped
into amazing popularity; the fame of
Patience Worth and other psychic celeb-
rities was achieved on its shining sur-
face. with the black letters and numbers
and the little moving table.

  How did the ouija board originate?

  Its history is most undistinguished.
Its inventor was a Baltimore manufac-
turer—a man who sold billiard tables,
and who was looking for an addition
to the line. He put out the ouija board
as a hazard, regarding it purely as a
game, just as today in the novelty and
toy shops you will find many other
fortune telling games that have no con-
ceivable importance in the minds of
serious people. But the ouija board
surprised William Fuld, the man who
patented it. Over night it became a
blazing, meteoric success. He had to
turn his billiard table factories into
ouija board factories. He even licensed
other manufacturers to produce the
boards under his patents.

  President Wilson had one in his home
and it was said even to have predicted
his first election. Sir William Barrett
conducted grave experiments with it.
Science and religion examined it, de-
bated it, praised it with hosannahs, or
denounced it with anathemas, as be-
came them. Scarcely anyone ignored it.

  Meanwhile Mr. Fuld continued, un-
expectedly, to get rich on his ouija
board. To this day he doesn’t under-
stand it.

AN amazing case of psychic power
has just come to light through the
reports of the celebrated Doctor Osty,
one of the most famous of all the
scientific investigators of such phe-
nomena.

  This case involves the recovery of

lost property, and here are the facts,
considerably abbreviated, as reported by
Doctor Osty:—

  “In May, 1921, Mme. S. went from
Paris to Versailles -for the day, to visit
friends. She was wearing a valuable
diamond star and on returning home,
missed the jewel.

  “No trace could be found. She was
taken to see Mme. Morel, who held one
of her gloves—Mme. S. sitting in a
corner of the room while her friend
spoke to the clairvoyant.

  “Mme. Morel, who works in a light
state of hypnosis, asked, ‘What am 1
about to see about this woman?’ She
was told, ‘Look for something that is
troubling her at this moment.' She said,
‘She is distracted about the loss of
something ... a large jewel, shining
and valuable. It is not lost, it is hidden,
and will be restored. ... I follow this
lady as she leaves her home in an auto-
mobile with another person . . . she
goes to a town near here. ... I do not
know its name . . . she visits three
houses . . . the jewel has fallen near
one of them. ... I see it picked up by
a woman, young, very stout, with light
eyes and hair. The jewel has been
locked up; she thought of keeping it but
is afraid . . . she will restore it before
the week is out. No police measures
should be taken . . . she will give it
back.’

 “Mr. S., who had informed the
Mayor of Versailles, received a letter
four days later, summoning him to that
town, and the jewel was restored by a
workman whose sister had picked it up.
The man was stout and very fair in
coloring. Mr. S., did not see the sister,
whom he supposed to resemble her
brother.”

  In passing, it should also be remarked
that this is one of many hundreds of
such cases assembled with painstaking
and discerning care by Doctor Osty.

A CERTAIN celebrated medium has
written the editor of this depart-
ment making two startling predictions.

  One of them is so grave in its char-
acter that we are withholding it. for
reasons of public policy. If by any sad
chance it should be fulfilled, we shall
refer to this item and then publish her
prediction.

  However, she also makes another
prophecy which we feel under no obli-
gation to withhold.

  “President Calles will send troops
over the border and invade American
soil,” she says in her letter.

  Now note this important point:

  Many mediums make vague prophe-
cies which can mean almost anything.
These are called Delphic. But this
woman has left herself no avenue of
escape. She has made two definite pre-
dictions. We are making a public rec-
ord of them here, in case we should
have cause to refer to them again.

50
ghost Stories

The TDoman IDith Two Souls

51

frame. I watched with dimmed eyes
while Norma followed the retreat of
nothingness, never missing a step, over-
looking no slightest turn or flutter of all
they had faithfully practiced together
for that dance, until she was back on
the miniature stage and the curtains had
closed upon her.

  "Bcrtolli,” I said, then, “shall we
applaud ?”

THE old man turned his face to me.
I could not understand the look in
his deep eyes. It seemed to be fear,
held in check by his terrific power of
will.

  ‘‘I think we shall do best to sit very
still,” he said, slowly. "I had re-
proached myself for not providing music,
but I see now it is not needed. Yes, we
must sit still, my friend. There may be
danger.”

  “Danger! To her?” I exclaimed.

  "To us, perhaps. Who can say?'’

  ‘‘Bertolli!” I was angry, for the mo-
ment. Danger, from my little girl? But
his hand closed imperatively on my
knee—again only for an instant—and
as I leaned indignantly toward him,
he shut his eyes and crossed himself
once more. I glanced quickly at the
stage. The curtains of the frame were
parting.

 The Roman scene was on. She was
following the act through without omit-
ting a detail. In this scene, two glad-
iators with swords and shields—very
light swords and shields!—had charged
and counter-charged, threatened and
fled about the stage. Never again would
there be two! That thought stabbed me
through like steel, but I bit my lips
until I could taste the blood, and kept
silent. If this was the price of sanity
for her, this play-acting that wrenched
my very heartstrings because of its sug-
gestion of other days, then I must pay
the price. I did not even hide my eyes,
like Bertolli. I watched her dance
through the whole of the complicated
scene, exactly as she had done in the
days irrevocably gone, when Sally danced
opposite. But now, no one danced
opposite.

 The mock duel ended, as had the
previous scene, in the picture frame.
This dance depicted a fight to the death
—the "Dying Gladiator” story. Norma,
the one who was to die, pressed both
hands to her breast at last, and slowly
sank to the miniature stage. As her
hand drooped and the closing curtains
hid her, I thought poignantly of another
figure in armor, sword held aloft and
face exulting in victory, whose presence
should have completed the picture. Was
Norma, too, thinking of her? I did not
know. I could not understand what
strange fancies found place in that bent
head.

  A shiver went through Bertolli’s stout
body as the curtains came together.
Great blotches of sweat stood out on
his forehead.

  "Dio mio, grant that it may be over 1”
he groaned, thickly. “I can not stand
it longer. It is too much! Oh, my

{Continued from page 23)

friend, let us go while we may!" But
before I could find words to calm his
strange agitation, he pulled himself to-
gether, with an attempt at a smile.
“What foolishness is this I say? We
can not go. We will not go. It is her
mind that is at stake. We do our part
if we look and are silent. Ah! God in
heaven, it comes again!”

HE was trembling, and, with the last
words, his teeth chattered. The
strength, the self-control, seemed to
have passed to me.

  “Steady, Bcrtolli!” I urged, uncon-
sciously using the very word with which
he had held me together, a few minutes
before. But he continued to quiver and
to mutter to himself throughout the last
dance. My eyes quickly left him. I was
watching, with a heavy heart, the grace-
ful figure of my little girl. This last
scene had been a love passage of “Old
New York.” Sally (swain) had pressed
her advances, at first timidly then with
greater assurance as the climax of the
act was reached, on Norma, the slender
old-fashioned girl in flounced skirt and
bonnet. So alike were they that the
roles could have been reversed, and I
am sure none of the audience would have
known.

  I watched my old-fashioned girl now
trip through the graceful movements,
advancing, retreating, running away with
laughing face over her shoulder—yield-
ing at last. In that finale—again staged
within the broad picture frame—she was
to lean backward, supported by her
sister’s arms. I wondered how Norma
would do this. Some of the other move-
ments had seemed almost impossible for
one dancer alone, yet she had not varied
them from the standard of the act.

  Ah, how I knew that act I If she had
changed it in the slightest, I could have
detected the difference. She had changed
nothing, yet now she would have to do
so. Not even her flexible muscles could
take that position unsupported. I waited.
She leaned backward—backward—farther
—yet farther, a smile on her face. I
cried out, and tried to rise, but Bertolli s
iron hand held me down.

Then my eyes were opened, and I saw.

 There were two dancers. My little
girl was supported by a ghost figure—
the figure of Sally!

  With staring eyes and pounding heart
I looked at them—but only for the space
of a breath—then the curtains of the
frame closed. A moment later, Norma,
still in the dress of “Old New York,”
stepped down to the stage, looked about
her wonderingly, then flung herself weep-
ing upon the hard boards—and I forgot
my fear—forgot everything except that
she needed me.

  I ran faster to her than Bertolli; but
I heard him exclaiming, as he lumbered
after me:

 “She has found tears! To the good
God give thanks! She has found tears,
and her mind—it is saved!”

  Not until she was calmer, and softly
weeping in my arms, did I know that
the past hour was gone from her. The

curtain of her memory had been rung
down when something had passed to her
from her dying sister’s eyes. It did not
rise again until she found herself, bitter-
ly weeping, upon Bertolli’s stage. What
she had done that night was to be a
blank, forever.

TWO years later, Norma and I came
to Bertolli’s with another act. I my-
self was her dancing partner, but I had
little to do. For in that short time, she
had become the greatest of them all.
Palvini—Premier Danseuse of the age!
You will recognize the name, I know.
It is the one she took when she began
to dance alone. To me, however, she is
not the great Palvini, but my Norma.

  On the first night of this engagement,
Bertolli and I sat in his little office at
the theater, and talked of the days that
were gone. It is a good place in which
to recall such things, this dingy room
of Bertolli’s, yellow with age and mel-
lowed with tobacco smoke, for the walls
are covered from floor to ceiling with
pictures out of the past. I think anyone
of note who has ever trod that stage
has something there: a photograph, per-
haps, or a letter in faded ink; or, it may
be, only a sere and torn scrap of a
program, with a name on it. Our pic-
ture hangs directly over Bertolli’s desk,
the girls in their page costumes, I be-
hind them, one hand on the shoulder
of each.

  That night, Bertolli leaned back in his
chair, and a shadow crossed his wrinkled
face as he looked through the clouds of
his own tobacco smoke, at the picture.

  “In a long life filled with many won-
derful experiences, that was the most
wonderful,” he said, solemnly.

 I knew what he was thinking of.
The memory of that dance came back
to me, and I looked away for a moment,
with a lump in my throat.

  “Did she ever remember it?” he asked,
gently.

  I shook my head.

  “Yet she was completely cured? There
was no—what shall I call it?—no break-
down of the mind?”

  I could answer him emphatically on
that point.

 “She showed normal grief—nothing
more,” I assured him. Then the feeling
of what I owed the man came to me.
"Bertolli, you were right. If we had
not remained silent and let her do as
she wished that night, her mind would
have broken. I am sure of it.”

  He smiled at me—a grave, inscrutable
smile.

  "I have spent many hours, my friend,
thinking about that night. I have tried
to explain it to myself.”

  I must have stared at him, perplexed,
for he went on, slowly:

 “Those two—they were twins. They
were very close to each other—much
closer than most sisters. Was that
not so?”

 He had opened a long-pent well of
emotion. I told him of my girls. There
had been a bond between them, indeed.
All through their lives, though they had
52

G II 0 ST S TOR I E s

been two in body, they had seemed one
in soul. 1 rambled on and told him
stories of their childhood, and of the
years afterward, when again and again,
as I had seen, they knew each other’?
thoughts without words. I told him, too.
of that long, strange look between them
at the last. He did not interrupt me.
but nodded from time to time, with his
same odd smile.

 “Norma dances even better than she
used to do,” lie observed, irrelevantly,
when I had finished.

  “Twice as well 1"

  “Listen, my friend.’’ He leaned for-
ward, and his eyes held me. “All my
life it has been given me to know and
to see certain things which many people
do not—you understand?—the things of
the spirit. That night, you, too, saw
something."

 “Two dancers—both my girls—at the
last,” I answered him, finding the words
slowly. It was hard for me to speak
of that, even then.

  “But only at the last?” he persisted.
I nodded.

  “I knew it would be so. From the be-
ginning of the dance that night, the two
were there, but I feared to show' the
other to you. I feared for your reason,
my friend. I was careful not to touch

The

  He was a thin, emaciated ghost, but
he could make himself felt. Nothing
but vengeance remained to him, and he
did not intend to forgive his wife. It
was not in his nature to forgive. He
would force a confession from her, and
if necessary he would choke the breath
from her abominable body. He ad-
vanced and seized her by the throat.

 He was pressing with all his might
upon the delicate white throat of his
wife. He was pressing with lean, bony
fingers; his victim seemed sunk into a
kind of stupor. Her eyes were half-
shut and she was leaning against the
wall.

THE stranger watched her with grow-
ing horror. When she began to cough
he ran into the kitchen and returned
with a glass of water. When he handed
it to her she drained it at a gulp. It
seemed to restore her slightly. “I can’t
explain it,” she murmured. “But I feel
as if a band were encircling my throat.
It is hot in here. Please open the
windows 1"

  The stranger obeyed. It occurred to
Hazlitt that the man really loved his
wife. “Worse luck to him 1” he growled,
and his ghostly voice cracked with emo-
tion. The woman was choking and
gasping now and gradually he forced
her to her knees.

  “Confess,” he commanded. “Tell this
fool how you get rid of your husband?.
Warn him in advance, and he will thank
you and clear out. If you love him you
won’t want him to suffer.”

  Ha^Iitt’s wife made no sign that she
had heard him. “You're doing no good
at all by acting like this!” he shouted.
"If you don’t tell hfm everything now

you, when that other was visible, for
with the touch my power of sight would
pass to you, also. But at the last, the
strain was too great. I forgot, for one
moment. And when I put my hand on
your knee, you saw.”

I COULD not reply to him at once.
In the presence of this old man, whose
eyes beheld the soul. I had become very
humble. He smiled at me, and waited,
lor the question which I think he knew
was coming.

 “You said that you could explain-”

I ventured, at last;, but he shook his
head, gently.

  “I am not so sure of these things, my
friend. I said only that I had tried to
explain it, to myself. Now that you
have told me of the last message which
passed between them—the message or
one soul speaking to another through the
eyes—perhaps I am surer. When their
eyes met, she who was about to pass
into the world of spirits took control of
her who was to linger in this world.
It was a wise and loving control. It
steadied a mind that was about to break.
They were so close, these two, that
when the one was taken the other could
not remain sane without help, until the
critical moments were over.

Man IDho Died

           (Continued from page 48)

  I'll kill you! I'll make you a ghost!"

    The tall stranger turned pale. He
  could not see or hear Hazlitt but it was
  obvious that he suspected the presence
  of more than two people in the room.
  He took Hazlitt’s wife firmly b\ the
  wrists and endeavored to raise her.

    “In heaven’s name what ails you?” he
  asked fearfully. You act as if someone
  were hurting you. Is there nothing that
  I can do?”

    There was something infinitely path-
  etic in the woman’s helplessness. She
  was no longer able to speak, but her eyes
  cried out in pain. . . . The stranger at
  length succeeded in aiding her. He got
  her to her feet, but Hazlitt refused to
  be discouraged. The stranger's opposi-
  tion exasperated him and he redoubled
  his efforts. But soon he realized that
  he could not choke her. He had ex-
  pended all his strength and still the
  woman breathed. A convulsion of baf-
  fled rage distorted his angular frame.
  He knew that he would be obliged to
  go away and leave the woman to her
  lover. A ghost is a futile thing at best
  and cannot work vengeance. Hazlitt
  groaned.

   The woman beneath his hands took
  courage. Her eyes sought those of the
  tall stranger. “It is going away; it is
  leaving me,” she whimpered. “I can
  breathe more easily now. It is you who
  have given me courage, my darling."

    The stranger was bewildered and hor-
  rified. “I can’t understand what’s got
  into you,” he murmured. “I don't see
  anything. You are becoming hysterical.
  Your nerves are all shattered to pieces.”
  Hazlitt’s wife shook her head and
  color returned to her cheeks. “It was
  awful, dearest. You cannot know how

 And, help was forthcoming. Sally
waited to give it, before she passed on.
I think, too, my friend, that in the final
dance she conferred upon her sister her
portion of the genius they had in com-
mon. You see? For the first time, then,
your Norma was complete—if I may call
it that. They had been mutually de-
pendent : now she depended on no one.
The cord was cut which held her back
from greatness. That is how I explain
it, but it is only my surmise. I am not
certain."

  “She was my daughter,” I cried, with
a sharpening of the old grief I had
thought long buried. “Why could I not
see her from the first? Why was she
hidden from my eyes until you touched
me ?”

  The old man shrugged his shoulders,
and smiled.

  “Who shall answer that, my friend?
Who shall say why so few of us ever
see into the reality of the great mystery
of life that surrounds us? And why are
they who have sight given a glimpse of
it so seldom?”

  I shook my head. I was thrown into
deep thought.

  “No one knows,” said the old man “—
no one can answer that question. It is
one of the things we leave with God.”

Twice

I suffered. You will perhaps think me
insane, but I know he was back of it.
Kiss me darling; help me to forget.”
She threw her arms about the stranger's
neck and kissed him passionately upon
the lips.

  Hazlitt covered his eyes with his hand
and turned away with horror. Despair
clutched at his heart. “A futile ghost,"
he groaned. “A futile, weak ghost 1 I
couldn't punish a fly. Why in heaven’s
name am I earthbound?”

 He was near the window now, and
suddenly he looked out. A night of
stars attracted him. “I shall climb to
heaven,” he thought. “I shall go float-
ing through the air, and wander among
the stars. I am decidedly out of place
here.”

7 T was a tired ghost that climbed out
L of the window, and started to propel
itself through the air. But unfortunately
a man must overcome gravitation to
climb to the stars, and Hazlitt did not
ascend. He was still earthbound.

  He picked himself up and looked about
him. Men and women were passing
rapidly up and down the street but no
one had apparently seen him fall.

  “I'm invisible, that's sure,” he reflected.
“Neither Upcher, nor the directors nor
my wife saw me. But my wife felt me.
And yet I’m not satisfied. I didn’t ac-
complish what I set out to do. My wife
is laughing up her sleeve at me now.
My wife? She has probably married
that ninny, and I hope she lives to re-
gret it. She didn’t even wait for the
grass to cover my grave. I won't trust
a woman again if I can help it."

  A woman walking 011 the street passed
through him. “Horrible!” he groaned.
ghost Stories

53

"Can he really play?" a girl whispered.
"Heavens, nol" Arthur exclaimed. "He
never played a note in his life."

They Laughed When I Sat Down
At the Piano
But When I Started to Play!—

 ^RTHUR had just played "The Rosary.”

 /-\ The room rang with applause. I
 J decided that this would be a dramatic
 moment for me to make my debut. To
 the amazement of all my friends, 1 strode
 confidently over to the piano and sat
 down.

 “Jack is up to his old tricks,” some-
 body chuckled. The crowd laughed. They
 were all certain that I couldn’t play a single
 note.

  “Can he really play?” I heard a girl whisper
  to Arthur.

 “Heavens, no!” Arthur exclaimed. “He
 never played a note in all his life . . . But
 just you watch him. This is going to be
 good.”

  I decided to make the most of the situation.
  With mock dignity I drew out a silk hand-
  kerchief and lightly dusted off the piano keys.
  Then I rose and gave the revolving piano
  stool a quarter of a turn, just as I had seen an
  imitator of Paderewski do in a vaudeville
  sketch.	v

 “What do you think of his execution?”
 called a voice from the rear.

 “We’re in favor of it!” came back
 the answer, and the crowd rocked with
 laughter.

Then I Started to Play

  Instantly a tense, silence fell on the guests.
  The laughter died on their lips as if by magic.

  I played through the first bars of Beethoven’s
  immortal Moonlight Sonata. 1 heard gasps
  of amazement. My friends sat breathless—
  spellbound!

  I played on and as I played I forgot the peo-
  ple around me. I forgot the__

  hour, the place, the breathless
  listeners. The little world I
  lived in seemed to fade—seemed
  to grow dim—unreal. Only the
  music was real. Only the music
  and the visions it brought me.

 Visions as beautiful and as
 changing as the wind blown
 clouds and drifting moonlight,
 that long ago inspired the mas-
 ter composer. It seemed as if
 the master musician himself
 were speaking to me—speaking
 through the medium of music
 —not in words but in chords.

Not in sentences, but in exquisite melodies.

A Complete Triumph

   As the last notes of the Moonlight Sonata
 died away, the room resounded with a sudden
 roar of applause. 1 found myself surrounded
 by excited faces. How my friends carried on!
 Men shook my hand—wildly congratulated
 me—pounded me on the back in their en-
 thusiasm! Everybody was exclaiming with
 delight—plying me with rapid questions. . .
 "Jack! Why didn’t you tell us you could play
 like that? . . . “Where did you learn?”—
 "How long have you studied?”—“Who was
 your teacher?”

   “I have never even seen my teacher,” I re-
 plied. ‘‘And just a short while ago I couldn’t
 play a note.”

   “Quit your kidding,” laughed Arthur, him-
 self an accomplished pianist. "You’ve been
 stud> ing for years. I can tell.”

   "I have been studying only a short while,”
 I insisted. "I decided to keep it a secret so
 that I could surprise all the folks.”

    Then I told them the whole stoiy.

    "Have you ever heard of the U. S. School of
 Music?” I asked.

   A few of my friends nodded. "That’s a
 correspondence schorl, isn’t it?” they exclaimed.

   “Exactly,” I replied. “They have a new
 simplified method that can teach you to play
 any instrument by mail in just a few
 months.”

How I Learned to Play Without
• a Teacher

  that I filled out the coupon requesting the Free Demon-
  stration Lesson.

  “The free book arrived promptly and I started in that
  very night to study the Demonstration Lesson. I was
  amazed to see how easy it was to play this new way.
  Then I sent for the coursc.

  “When the course arrived I found it was just as the
  ad said—as easy as A. B. C.l And as the lessons con-
  tinued they got easier and easier. Before I knew it I
  was playing all the pieces I liked best. Nothing stopped
  me. I could play ballads or classical numbers or jazz,
  all with equal ease. And I never did have any special
  talent for music.”

Play Any Instrument

  You, too, can now leach yourself to be an accomplished
  musician—right at home—in half the usual time. You
  can’t go wrong with this simple new method which has
  already shown almost half a million people how to play
  their favorite Instruments. Forget that old-fashioned
  idea that you need special "talent.” Just read the list of
  instruments in the panel, decide which one you want to
  play and the U. S. School will do the rest. And bear in
  mind no matter which instrument you choose, the cost in
  each case will be the same—just a few cents a day. No
  matter whether you arc a mere beginner or already a good
  performer, you will be interested in learning about this
  new and wonderful method.

Send for Our Free Booklet and
Demonstration Lesson

  Thousands of successful students never dreamed they
  possessed musical ability until it was revealed to them
  by a remarkable “Musical Ability Test” which we send
  entirely without cost with our interesting free booklet.

  If you are in earnest about wanting to play your
  favorite instrument—if you really want to gain happiness
  and increase your popularity—send at once for the free
  booklet and Demonstration Lesson. No cost—no obliga-
  tion. Right now we are making a Special offer for .i
  limited number of new students. Sign and send tlie
  convenient coupon now—before it’s too late to gain the
  benefits of this offer. Instruments supplied when needed,
  cash or credit. U. S. School of Music, 4781
  Brunswick Bldg., N. Y. C.

   Pick Your
   Instrument

            Harmony and
 Composition
 Sight Singing
 Ukulele
 Guitar
 Hawaiian
 Steel Guitar
 Harp
 Cornet
 Piccolo
 Trombone
 Voice and Speech Culture
 Automatic Finger Control
 Piano Accordion
 Banjo iS-Striiig, Plectrum & Tenor)

 Piano
 Organ
 Violin
 Drums and
 Tra ps
 Mandolin
 Clarinet
 Flute

 Saxophone
 ’Cello

 And then I explained how for years I had _____________________

   longed to play the piano.

                 It seems onlv a few U. S. School of Music
                 , seeras o n i y a i e w 47gJ Brunswick Bldg., New York City

             months ago, 1 continued.

                “that I saw an interesting Please send me your free book, “Music Lessons in Your
                ■ f ,1 r- c c U l f (-’wn Home, with introduction by L)r. rrank l_rane,
                aa oi tile I . ocnooi ox Demonstration Lesson and particulars of your Special
                Music mentioning a new Offer. I am interested in the following coursc:
                method of learning to play
                which only cost a few cents a
                day! The ad told how a

  woman had mastered the Have you above instrument? ...

              Eiano in her spare time at

ome—and without a teacher! Name..........................................

  Best of all, the wonderful new	Please write plainly

               method she used, required no

laborious scales—no heartless Address...........................................

                exercises—no tiresome practis-
                ing. It sounded so convincing City..............................State .........
54

G HOST STORIES

“There isn’t any thing to me at all!
I'm worse than a jellyfish!"

 An entire procession of men and
women were now passing through his
invisible body. He scarcely felt them,
but a few succeeded in tickling him.
One or two of the pedestrians appar-
ently felt him: they shivered as if they
had suddenly stepped into a cold shower.

  “The streets are ghostly at night.”
someone said at his left elbow. “I think
it's safer to ride.’’

 Hazlitt determined to walk. He was
miserable, but he had no desire to stand
and mope. He started down the street.
He was hatless and his hair streamed in
the wind. He was a defiant ghost, but
a miserable sense of futility gripped him.
He was an outcast. He did not know
where he would spend the night. He
bad no plans and no one to confide in.
He couldn't go to a hotel because he
hadn’t even the ghost of money in his
pockets, and of course no one could see
him anyway.

  Suddenly he saw a child standing in
the very center of the street, and appar-
ently unaware of the screaming traffic
about him. An automobile driven by a
voung woman was almost on top of the

Johnny

when I was tour years old. In those
days Murray Hill still retained its
pristine glory as Manhattan’s mid-town
social centre. Only a scattering of shops
had encroached. And the tall, grim
loft buildings had not yet appeared to
shut out the air and sunshine. Refine-
ment, culture and quiet had not yet
yielded to the demands of manufacture
and trade, the kind which always brought
squalor, dingy tenements, and rumbling
truck; in its wake.

IN that period the tenement in which
Johnny and his mother lived was a
proud, old house of ornate design, five
stories in height and with a scrolled
balcony of iron, stretching across its
parlor floor.

  And there had lived the Huntingtons,
the universally beloved Archer Hunting-
ton, and his beautiful wife, Dolly.
Archer had been a great shipping mas-
ter and a financial power in The Street;
a man of enormous wealth for those
days. But, with all their materia! pros-
perity, the Huntington home had lacked
the one thing to make it complete—a
child.

 One had come—a little boy. But he
had been taken away before a year had
passed. There had been no other. How-
ever, though childless, Archer and his
wife had loved children with a passion
which surpassed all other interests for
them. Their home always was the play-
ground for the little ones of their rela-
tives and friends. And Dolly, despite
the frail, little body which made her al-
most an invalid, went about daily into
the homes along the waterfront looking
after the needs of the children of the
poorer families.

  Archer backed her splendidly in these
efforts. But his big days came with

boy before Hazlitt made up his mind
to act.

  He left the sidewalk in a bound and
ran directly towards the automobile.
He reached it a second before it touched
the child, and with a great shove he
sent the near-victim sprawling into a
zone of safety. But he could not save
himself. The fender of the car struck
him violently in the chest; he was
thrown forward, and the rear wheels
passed over his body.

  For a moment lie suffered exquisite
pain; a great weight pressed the breath
from his thin body. He clenched his
hands, and closed his eyes. The pain
of this second death astonished him; it
seemed interminable. But at length con-
sciousness left him; his pain dissolved
in a healing oblivion.

THE child picked himself up and be-
gan to cry. “Someone pushed me,”
he moaned. “I was looking at the lights
and someone pushed me from behind."

  The woman in the car was very pale.
“I think I ran over someone,” she said
weakly. “I saw him for a moment when
I tried to turn to the left. lie was very
thin and worn.” She turned to those

Christmas, when he could gather chi!
dren about him to his heart's content.
The day before Christmas, in an old hall
far down in the Bowery, he held open
house for the youngsters of the city’s
poor, where there was a gigantic tree
ablaze with colored candles and long
tables, heaped high with goodies; and
ice cream and candy to follow.

  However, it was after the feast when
old Archer was truly in his element.
For then, clad in scarlet cap and fur-
trimmed coat, with shining boots that
reached almost to his hips, he played
Santa Claus, heaping toys into the arms
of each eager child as it filed past him.
And he looked the part. For he was
short and stout, with a waistline that
stretched the belt about his gaily colored
doublet. And framing his laughing eyes
and ruddy cheeks was a mass of snowy
whiskers that made artificial disguise
unnecessary.

  In the evening, in his great stone man-
sion just off the avenue, there would be
another celebration—a splendid Christ-
mas Eve party, to which would flock
the children of his friends. And again
he would play Saint Nick, and help
happy Dolly distribute the creams and
favors and pass about the presents, taken
from a glittering tree, with each little
one's name written upon the wrapper.

  And it was at Santa Claus Hunting-
ton’s that I attended my first Christmas
party. I was an excited, wide-eyed little
miss whose great hope was fulfilled
when Santa Claus Huntington himself
gave me a big doll with flaxen hair that
could say “mamma.”

HOWEVER, that was my only party
there. For, the following summer
Archer and his wife steamed away in a
>acht for port< in the South Seas, where

who had gathered near. “Where did
you carry him to?" she asked.

  They shook their heads. “We didn't
see anyone, madam! You nearly got
the kid though. Drivers like you should
be hanged!”

  A policeman roughly elbowed his way
through the crowd that was fast gather-
ing. “What's all this about?" he asked.
“Is anyone run over?"

  The woman shook her head. "I don't
know. I think I ran over a tramp. . . .
a poor, thin man lie was. ... the look
in his eyes was terrible. . . , and very
beautiful. I. ... 1 saw him tor a mo-
ment just before the car struck him. 1
think he wanted to die."

 She turned again to the crowd.
“Which of you carried him away?" she
asked tremulously'.

  “She’s batty,” said the policeman.
“Get out of here you!" He advanced
on the crowd and began dispersing them
with his club.

 The woman in the car leaned over
and looked at the sidewalk, a puzzled,
mystified expression on her pale fea-
tures.

  “No blood or anything,” she moaned
“I can’t understand it!”

it was hoped the warmer breezes would
restore the roses to Dolly’s cheeks. But
the yacht never reached its destination.
And though my father, Archer’s life-long
friend and business associate, conducted
a world-wide search for it, neither the
boat nor its passengers were ever heard
of again.

  My father, as well as others of Archer's
intimates, knew that, somewhere in the
house, he always kept a considerable
store of ready cash for emergencies—
such as his own and Dolly’s charities,
or to aid less prosperous friends in need
of loans, for which no papers would be
signed or interest exacted. This hiding
place, known only to him, was hunted
for repeatedly, but never uncovered.

 Then followed long years in which
the old house remained closed and its
windows boarded up. The neighborhood
changed. Ugly business structures el-
bowed their way in. Workmen de-
scended upon the old houses that re-
mained, altering them inside and out,
dividing the great rooms into smaller
ones—making them over into beehives
for humans. And into these tenements
moved those who were compelled to
count their pennies—the overflow of the
poor from Five Points, Hell’s Kitchen
and Mulberry Bend.

  Finally the Huntington estate was dis-
posed of. My father purchased the old
house, hoping, for sentimental reasons,
to rent it as it stood, thereby preserving
its outward appearance at least. But he
had failed in that objective. No one
wanted a whole house in that teeming
tenement district. So, though my father
continued his ownership, he permitted it,
like its neighbors, to be rebuilt into
small flats.

  In those years my mother had died,
leaving only me to care for Dad. But,

Kelly’s Christmas Qhost

       (Continued from page 13)
Ghost stories

55

though his hair became thin and frosted,
though the old fire in his eyes was re-
duced to smouldering embers and he
laughed only when he and 1 were alone
in the great library at night, the blow
of losing the woman who had stood by
him through his early struggles did not
sour him.

  In Archer’s time, Dad always had as-
sisted him in carrying out his plans
to make children happy, though he al-
ways kept in the background. After his
partner disappeared, he continued to
carry on the labor of love, but in his
own way. His nature would not permit
him to play Santa Claus. But on each
day before Christmas, with his pockets
bulging with bills and a car loaded with
toys, lie visited the homes of every em-
ployee of his bank and personally dis-
tributed his gifts to the children and left
money for their entertainment at a
theatre or elsewhere on the holiday.

  Today, as usual, he must have been
out among his little friends. I hoped
he wasn’t very tired. For Dad was get-
ting older. The spring in his step-

THE raucous shout of the train guard
roused me from my reverie. Al-
though I did not catch his jumbled
words, I knew instinctively I had reached
the station nearest my home. And, join-
ing the jostling crowd, I left the train,
climbed the sodden steps and again
headed out into the storm which had
increased in intensity.

  But, still buoyed up with thoughts of
what I had planned to do for Johnny
that night, I made speed over the few
blocks which brought me to where I
knew Dad would be waiting—probably
anxious because I was returning later
than customary.

  As Judson swung wide the front doors,
I tossed my dripping coat and hat upon
a chair and burst into the library with
a cry of, “Dad, Dad, where are you?”
But I was sorry I had been so pre-
cipitate. For he had been dozing, in
his big chair before the fire-place, one
hand shading his eyes. And I noted
those eyes were tired—very, as with
“Tony, you little gadabout, where have
you been until this unearthly hour?” he
came to his feet, arms outstretched, a
great smile driving the wrinkles of
fatigue from his features.

  “Sit down, Dad.”—after the first big
hug and kiss. 1 forced him gently back
into his chair, and drew another beside
him. “You’re all worn out tonight.
Have you been overdoing things?”
“Nothing of the kind, Tony girl,” and
he slipped a hand over, and held, one
of mine. “Besides," and he chuckled,
“it was in a good cause—and only once
a year, you know. But tell me—where
have you been?’’

 “Oh, doing the same as on every
December twenty-fourth, only a little
more so. There seemed to be so much
to talk about everywhere and—well, I
stayed longer n places than I expected.”
“Never mind, if you didn't get wet
feet. Let me see. No. Fine! Now I’ll
order some coffee and we’ll have a nice,

comfy chat until the chimes-”

  “You’re a dear, Dad. But—I can’t do
more than drink one cup. Then I must

be off again--”

 “You must--What do you mean?”

  “Dad, Fm really ashamed of myself.

But you remember the Kellys-”

  "You mean Bridget and little Johnny?”
He nodded.

  “Yes. And, would you believe it, I
all but forgot them?"

 Then, as his eyes opened wide in
thoughtful interest, I told him how I had
recollected my lapse, my subway trip on
my last nickel and what the thought of
the Kelly tenement had recalled—my
first Christmas Eve party, and Archer
Huntington playing Santa Claus.

  “That’s strange, Tony,” he interrupted,
his brows coming down into a pucker.
“It seems as if I’ve been thinking of
good, old Archer most of the day my-
self. Sometimes I felt almost as if he
were near me, particularly when I was
with the children. Maybe, Tony girl, he
was closer than I knew. We can't tell.”
“Do you know, Dad, recalling Archer
made me think of the money still hidden
away somewhere in that old building.
And I also thought—if only the Kellys
had found it—what a glorious Christ-
mas present it would be for them."

 “It certainly would.” He smiled.
“But that money is gone—at least until
the wreckers tear down the house. Now
let us get right down to the practical
side of your predicament. I suppose
you want , some money to make good to
little Johnny?”

  “Yes, Dad, heaps of it. I'm going to
give him the best Christmas he ever
had. I’m going to try to atone for my
forgetfulness, Dad—make good to the
memory of Santa Claus Huntington for
that first splendid Christmas he gave
me.”

  Dad's hand went into his pocket and
came out clutching a roll of bills which
he thrust into my fingers.

  “Make it the kind of a Christmas for
Johnny you’ve been thinking about—
then add a little more for Archer.”

  “Oh, Dad, I’ll do it. And I’ll thank
you more tomorrow, when I have time.
A big kiss and I'm off.”

  “But, Tony, it’s a bad night. I think

I’d better go with you and-"

 “No, Dad. I’ll dress warmly and-"

 “But-”

  “No ‘buts,’ Dad.” I sat upon the arm
of his chair, drew his head about until
I looked full into his eyes, and brushed
a strand of gray from his forehead. “I
know you’re game to go, if I say the
word. But you’re tired—far more than
you realize.

  "Besides, this is my job. I overlooked
a real duty. Now I must make good.
It won’t take as long as you think. If
you want to wait and doze and smoke
here, we’ll say, ‘Merry Christmas’ to-
gether. maybe with the chimes. I'll use
the big car this time. No more being
caught with but a nickel carfare. If
you’d rather go to bed, I won't mind.
For I want you fresh and rosy tomor-
row, when you must be Santa Claus
for me.”

LL right, Tony. I'll telephone to
Jim and Reddy to bring the ma-
chine around while you’re getting ready.
You'll need both of them with you to
help carry the bundles and—well, if you
should have a blowout on such a

night-”

  “Nothing like that is going to happen,”

I cried, giving him a final hug and kiss
and dashing away. But he followed me
into the hallway, shouting, “Good luck.”
over and over again as I hurried to my
room, my precious roll of bills clutched
tightly in my hand.

  While changing to a heavier dress and
directing Minnie to strap on a pair of
arctics as a further protection against
the drifts through which I must wade
while making my purchases, I thought
of Mrs. Kelly and the probably meager
covering she possessed to shield her
against weather such as the night had
brought.

  In a closet was a heavy coat, with
cuffs and collar of fur, which I had
bought for the housekeeper. She and
Mrs. Kelly were about of a size. It
would meet the emergency splendidly.
The widow should have the coat and I
would give the housekeeper money to
get another.

 It hung over one arm and my purse
with the money for the Kellys’ Christ-
mas gifts was over the other when 1
again headed out into the snow.

  “Where to, Miss?” queried Jim, while
Reddy helped me into the car and tuckeil
a big, warm robe about me.

 “Hurry over to upper Broadway—
some place where the shops are certain
to be open. I must get a lot of toys
and candy and—things. Then we’re go-
ing over to Murray Hill. You know,
where the Kelly family lives.”

 Another moment and we had turned
the corner and were lurching ahead,
horn rasping, our lights penetrating but
little through the blanket of whirling
flakes in front. But we reached the av-
enue safely. And the shops still were
open, caring for last minute purchasers
like myself.

ITH Reddy at my elbow, I plunged
in and out of several, making my
purchases quickly, while bill after bill
disappeared from the roll of yellow and
green backs. I bought toys and candy
and more toys and fruit—until Reddy
informed me the car was pretty well
filled. But I only laughed. There must
be room for a few more parcels. I had
promised myself that Johnny's Christ-
mas was to be a bumper one. And 1
was determined he should fare as splen-
didly as any boy in all New York.

  My final errand was to a neighbor-
hood department store, where the weary
clerks already were preparing to close.
“I am going to leave all choice to you,"
I said to a man behind the nearest
counter. “I want a number of things
for a five-year-old boy, of slight build

and about so high-two pairs of shoes.

rubbers, two suits, an overcoat, a fur
cap, gloves and a box of wool stockings.
Don't show them to me, but give me
the best. And please hurry.”

  I don’t believe I ever was happier in
my life; not even at my first Christmas
party, as the car zig-zagged its way
across town and down toward Murray
Hill. Even Archer Huntington, if he
were looking down upon me, must have
smiled at my effort to follow in his
footsteps. For, somthow, I seemed to
feel that he was responsible for the joy
of giving, which I always had known
at Christmas time. When we finally
drew up before the ramshackle old build-
56

CHOST STOR IES

ing which housed the Kellys, with only
a lighted window here and there to re-
lieve its dull front, I caught the echo
of chimes from some nearby church,
luished and muffled by the storm till
they sounded like some wayside angelus
belis.

  Christmas had come. It was the mid-
night hour when Santa Claus must star!
upon his all important journey.

  I latighed happily as I stepped from
the car, while Reddy closed the door be-
hind me. “Merry Christmas, boys.
Wait here until I come back. I want
to make certain Johnny is asleep. Then
we can take the gifts to his mother.” I
carried only the coat, which was to be
my personal gift to Bridget Kelly.

  As I entered the hallway I encoun-
tered the janitress, reaching aloft to
turn the sputtering gas flame to a mere
speck, the customary illumination for
those of the tenements who returned
home after midnight.

  She pushed her spectacles closer to
her eyes, then, “And can it be yourself,
Miss Gregory? And on such a night and
so late? I’ll he certain ’tis the Kellys
you came to see. But she isn't home.’’
“Why, she can't be working so late.”
“No. But one of the neighbors down
the block’s been taken sick. She’s gone
to help. I'm lookin’ in on Johnny while
she's away. But he’s asleep now. I
just came from up there. The door's
open if you’d care to go up.”

  “Thanks. I’ve some Christmas things
for them. I'll just make certain Johnny's
still asleep. Then I’ll have them put in
Mrs. Kelly's kitchen. You can tell her
they’re there when she returns.”

  “Bless you, Miss, they’ll sure be ap-
preciated this year. Bridget hasn’t been
able to work much lately and the doc-
tors cost a lot o’ money. I fear she
couldn't get much for the laddie for

Christmas and-”

  “Yes?”

  “Well, don't says as I said so, but I
guess they been a eatin’ pretty poorly
for the last week.”

I DREW another bill, a twenty, from
my almost depleted roll, then went to
the door and told Reddy to go to the
store around the corner and get a big
turkey and all the trimmings.

 When I reached the fourth floor,
where the Kellys lived, in the rear. I
listened. No sound came from within.
And but the tiniest chink of light shown
beneath the second door, which I knew
opened directly upon the kitchen and
living room. Johnny slept there. For
it kept him near the big stove, which
supplied all the heat for the diminutive
flat.

  On tip-toe I moved to the other door,
the one to the narrow inner hallway. I
turned the knob gently, entered without
sound and closed it behind me. The
place was fearsomely still. But, as 1
listened. I caught the faint, regular
breathing of a child. Johnny was asleep.
I moved to the doorway of the kitchen.
A lamp burned upon a table, placed so
that its rays fell upon the boy’s bed.
probably to give him courage to remain
alone while his mother was absent upon
her errand of mercy.

 Then my eyes wandered about and
across the shadows, to the stove and

the old mantel behind it. A lump came
into my throat as I noted the little
stocking hanging there. Johnny’s stock-
ing, waiting to be filled by Santa Claus.

  Poor little laddie. And I had almost
 forgotten him. No Santa would come
 to the Kelly flat. But there would be
 gifts aplenty—more than Johnny possi-
 bly could have dreamed of possessing.

   No need to wait for the return of Mrs.
 Kelly. Reddy and I would bring the
 gifts and leave them. Johnny was too
 sound asleep to awaken. And we would
 move quietly.

  I was about to turn back into the
 hallway when suddenly, with a gasp of
 fright, Johnny sat straight up in bed and
 stared before him, toward the stove, witt>
 wide eyes, his mouth agape.

 T TURNED and looked, where he was
 I* gazing. And my whole body went
 numb and I leaned against the casement,
 half dazed, at what I saw.

  For, standing atop the stove—stood
 Santa Claus—as I had seen him pictured
 —thousands of times—smiling, eyes shin-
 ing, a wide belt holding his fur trimmed
 jacket close to his fat, round stomach
 and high boots coining far up over his
 short legs. Only his pack of toys was
 missing.

  But, as I gazed, as speechless as
 Johnny, the feeling of fear slipped from
 me. Then I noted that the figure ap-
 peared shadowy, in some indescribable
 way—unlike the body of a person one
 could reach out and touch.

  And his features—somehow they ap-
 peared familiar. There was something
 about the look in his eyes, his jolly grin,
 his long, flowing white whiskers, which
 I seemed to remember.

  “Merry Christmas, Johnny, Merry
 Christmas I” The voice seemed to
 crackle with good nature and merriment.

  “Merry Chr-” Johnny’s greeting

 died away in an awed whisper.

  “Come, come, Johnny. You're not
 afraid of Santa Claus, are you?”

 , “N—no, sir.” The lad’s tone was more
 confident.

   “That's better. I see you expected me,
 and hung up your stocking here.” His
 rolling chuckle brought a grin to the
 boy’s face.

  "Now, Johnny; tell me. Have you
 been a good boy all year?”

  “I—I guess so. Mother says so.”

  “That’s fine." Then he winked.
 “Mothers always know, don't they?”

  Johnny nodded solemnly.

  “And, since you've been a good boy,
 I suppose you expect a lot of presents?"

  “No, sir. Not this year."

  A momentary shadow flitted across
 the old fellow's face. lie hopped from
 the stove, stepped to Johnny’s bed, and
 leaned over familiarly, resting his el-
 bows upon the footboard.

  "Do you mean you don’t expect pres-
 ents because I haven't my pack with
 me?”

  “No. sir. Not ’zactly. But-"

  “Of course not. You wouldn't expect
 Santa Claus to show little boys what
 he’s going to leave for them, now would
 you ?”

   Johnny' hesitated, as if lost for words.
 Then, “I—I guess I don’t know—quite
 —Mister. But Mother's been sick, a
 whole lot. And she said when there’s

 sickness' you don't leave much until
 they’re well again-"

AIT a minute, Johnny.” The old
fellow raised a hand that trem-
bled, and he held it before his eyes.
“Listen, my boy. Mothers are right—
almost always. But—well, never mind
Now here's a secret, just between you
and me. I’m going to surprise Mother
this time. I'm going to make it a real
Merry Christmas for you both."

  “Oh, good!”

 “Yes, Johnny. There’s going to be
toys for you, heaps of them—and new
clothes and candy and a big dinner with
turkey and red cranberry’ jelly and-”

  “Gee 1”

 “And listen—stoop closer. There's
going to be a new coat for Mother—a
long, warm one, with a big fur collar
and—a big surprise for you both.

  The lad was astonished into complete
silence.

  “But, Johnny, Santa Claus can’t leave
things while little bovs are awake. You
must close your eyes, tight, and go to
sleep. Then all the fine presents will
be left-”

  “And we can have them in the morn-
ing?”

 “You surely can. And if you’re a
good boy next year, there'll be more
presents. Now good night and a Merry
Christmas!’’

  With a flash like that of a darting
shadow, the little man hopped to the
stove, then to the mantel—and disap-
peared into nothingness.

  But, as he disappeared, there came a
crash—one which startled me and
brought a cry from Johnny, crouching in
his bed. his eyes wide, staring after his
departed visitor. Then lie dropped back
upon his pillow, his tiny mouth held in
a smile as his lids closed and he again
drifted into slumberland.

  However, the crash meant more to me
than it had to the boy', too excited be-
cause of his talk with Santa Claus to
pay more than passing heed to other
things. Waiting only until I noted his
regular breathing, I tip-toed to the stove.
Beside it lay a little pile of glass, caused
by a vase from the mantel having fallen
and broken.

 But it was the appearance of the
mantel which caught and held me. A
piece of the top, fully a foot in length,
had dropped and was hanging. I stepped
closer. The piece was held by a hinge,
cunningly set into the wall. And the
exposed top of the upright showed an
opening. I plunged my hand into it—
drew out a small tin box. This I car-
ried nearer the light. It was unlocked.
I raised the lid—exposing a heap of
coins, mostly gold. In a flash the truth
came to me. The hidden cache of
treasure finally was exposed. Instantly
I determined it should be added to the
Christmas gifts of Bridget and Johnny.

 And, as I turned away to go below
and tell Reddy and Jim to bring the
presents I had brought, I knew, beyond
all question, that the Santa Claus I had
seen was the phantom of Archer Hunt-
ington—that it was Archer Huntington's
Christmas ghosl who had touched the
spring that had uncovered the long hid-
den treasure—to gladden the heart of
little Johnny Kelly!
G110 ST STORIES

57

i)<H>0aC,mKHKHKHKHKHKHKHKHKH>0<H><HKHKHKHKHKHKH><HKHKHKHKtgHKHHHKHKH:HKHKH>{KHKHKH>f

 $10,000 for Ghosts

WE believe we are on the brink of amazing discoveries in the field popularly known
as “Psychic Phenomena”—discoveries that can be established and passed to
posterity as scientific fact. To this end the publishers of Giiost Stories Magazine
are offering $10,000 in awards, as follows:

1	$8000 award will be paid to the person
   who produces a visible, disembodied
   apparition, which can be identified to
   the satisfaction of the Commission
   judging the award, as the apparition
   of a deceased person.

2	§500 shall be given for that physical
   demonstration, such as spirit photog-
   raphy, levitation, or any other physical
   manifestation of an unknown force,
   most convincing to the Commission.

3	$500 shall be given for that mental
   demonstration such as clairaudience.

clairvoyance, telepathy, automatic
writing or any other mental manifes-
tation of an unknown force, most con-
vincing to the Commission.

$500 shall be given to the person who
satisfies the Commission that a house
is haunted.

$500 shall be paid to that person demon-
strating phenomena in the field known
popularly as “psychic phenomena”
most convincing to the Commission,
not covered in the first four classi-
fications.

 Investigation and payments of awards are entrusted to THE UNBIASED COM-
MISSION FOR PSYCHIC RESEARCH, consisting of a group of men, each an outstand-
ing figure in his chosen profession, including: the Reverend Ralph Welles Keeler,
D.D., Chairman; Bemarr Macfadden, noted physical culturist and publisher; Arthur
Garfield Hays, distinguished counsellor at law; Howard Thurston, magician; Fulton
Oursler, novelist and playwright; Emanuel de Marnay Baruch, M.D.; George Sylvester
Viereck, poet and novelist; Joseph Schultz, attorney; II. A. Keller, editor, Ghost
STORIES Magazine, Executive Secretary for the Commission.

  These awards are open to all—Medium, Psychic Healer, Spiritualist, non-believer
and layman.

 THE UNBIASED COMMISSION FOR PSYCHIC RESEARCH is sincerely, honestly
endeavoring to establish proof of certain so-called psychic phenomena; the Commission
is ambitiously trying in a sober, serious, scientific manner to establish new facts and
gather first-hand information in the field of Psychic Research.

  This offer expires September 30th, 1927.

  The Commission reserves the right to extend itself as to membership.

  Have you ever seen a ghost? Are you in communication with the dead? Have you
any justification for your claim that you can materialize a being from another world?
Write—THE UNBIASED COMMISSION FOR PSYCHIC RESEARCH, 1926 Broadway,
New York, N. Y., II. A. Keller, Executive Secretary, and due consideration will be given
your claim. You have your opportunity through

 Ghost Stories Magazine
58

Ghost Stories

Were IJoit Born in December?

Let the Stars Determine your Fate

By “Slella1

THE CHART TO GUIDE YOU TO YOUR DESTINY

DURING these long winter
nights that are clear, and
there is the sharp tang of
frost in the air—the stars
seem to shine with unusual
brilliance. They have a language all
their own, and it is a language you can
easily come to understand—and prolit
by the knowledge.

  Do you know that the position of the
stars at the time of your birth has a tre-
mendous influence upon your life?
Have you ever thought of this—in
relation to your future ?

  If you were born between November
22nd and December 20th, you respond
to the Sagittarian vibrations—just as
your radio responds to the wave-length
vibrations to which it is attuned. Your
“Star of Destiny” then, is the great
Jupiter—the most powerful and benev-
olent of all the planets.

  December should be a happy month
for you because the beautiful goddess
of LOVE is now in your sign, and is
influencing your life. The Venusian
rays pouring down upon you will bring
out all the love and sympathy that is
in your nature and will help you to see
the good that i- in other people.

  This benign influence will lighten
your worries and anxieties because you
will be less inclined than usual to brood
over them. Your intuition and fore-
sight—qualities which are characteristic
of all Sagittarians—will be especially
keen. I would advise you strongly to
respond as fully to this good influence
as you can. It will make you feel
happier and more contented than you
have been for some time.

  Remember, it is quite possible that
you may fall desperately in love, and
you might even meet that most elusive
person—your affinity. I hope you will
think of this seriously.

  If you are single, it is a good time
for you to marry because Venus and
Jupiter are the planets of Love and
Success. If you are married, this should
he a period of domestic happiness and
general prosperity, for Venus has much
to do with finance as well as with the
emotions and affections. It is quite
lucky that this happens to lie the case.

  In business, you should now take
advantage of every opportunity that
presents itself. This is a favorable
time to undertake new enterprises with
the pleasant assurance that all will be

well, for Venus and Jupiter are both
exerting themselves in your favor.

  If you will let yourself be influenced
by this spirit of harmony and gen-
erosity, you will find that you will at-
tract those who have the same spirit.
Approach the joyous festival of Christ-
mas with contentment and love for
others, and you will find that prosperity
will be yours.

  It is not only the Sagittarians who
now enjoy the favor of Venus and
Jupiter. Those born during the first
two weeks of February, June, or Octo-
ber, are also under this influence and
may expect a happy and successful
month of December.

•T'HOSE born under this influence, who
are now in financial difficulties, have
promise of better times. Jupiter exerts
a constant influence toward helping
people out of trouble. He is the ruler
of religion, law, philosophy, teaching,
athletics and out-door life. He brings
success in all these things.

  Should your birthday fall about the
18th of December, March, June, or
September, you are now under the
influence of the (Continued on paqe 96)
G II 0 S T STORl E S

59

Can the Spirits

photographer lias nothing to do with
these tilings until the time pictures are
to be taken. The committee in charge
does all the preliminary work.)

 2—The	picture of a dead man must
appear on the picture.

 3—It	must look like the dead man,
but be different from any picture taken
of him while he was alive.

  Accordingly the following steps were
pursued:

  Mr. Robert Thomas Hardy, Mr. W. H.
Van der Weyde, a well-known New York
photographer, and myself went to Wil-
loughby’s photography shop on West
Thirty-second Street and purchased a
set of camera plates sealed in their
original package.

  Across the seal of these plates wc
wrote our names so that any disturb-
ance of that paper would be instantly
manifest in the broken pencil lines.

  These plates remained in my posses-
sion under lock and key until the night
of the seance.

  An interesting group of people were
gathered in the laboratory of Dr. Bowers
on West End Avenue on the night which
gave birth to this astonishing and baf-
fling mystery. Present in the room as
guests of Dr. Bowers were Major and
Mrs. Scott, Major Ramus, Mr. Geiger,
Mr. Hardy, Miss Eleanor Ramos, a
no.velist of distinction; her sister, Miss
Marie Haviland, a trained nurse; Miss
Ashtield, Mr. \V. Adolphe Roberts, a
poet; Mr. Van der Weyde and his
camera, and myself.

THE astonishing proposal by means
oi which we meant to obtain, if pos-
sible, a spirit photograph, struck the
company with surprise. It was our in-
tention to hypnotize someone and send
that person into a trance, deeper and
deeper upon the astral plane, and then,
while the spirit might be leaving the
prostrate and unconscious body, Mr.
Van der Weyde would explode a flash-
light—and we would see what we would
see. It was our hope that, since Hvslop
had ruled our first seance, we might
photograph him at the second.

 With great courage, Miss Haviland
agreed to be the subject, yielding herself
to the mesmeric passes and hypnotic
suggestions of Dr. Bowers, who is an
old and practiced heirophant in the hyp-
notic mysteries.

  Before this was done, however, I in-
sisted that the most rigid control be ob-
tained over the photographic apparatus.
Mr. Van der Weyde, as the photographer,
was barred from any direct handling of
the plates which I had brought to the
meeting. They were introduced into the
holders under the observation of Major
Scott. The camera was minutely exam-
ined.

  When all was in readiness, the lights
were dimmed. Miss Haviland lay down
on a couch and Dr. Bowers, standing
over her, began making magic passes in
front of her eyes and down her young
form, speaking softly, almost inaudibly.
murmuring invitations to sleep. A great
sigh escaped her. Her eyelids fluttered

of the Dead Be

(Continued from page 25)

 and closed. Her body seemed to grow
 rigid—then suddenly out of her mouth
 issued a stream of jargon in strange, gut-
 tural intonations, with fugitive snatches
 of some wild and barbaric melody.

  “She >s talking Roumanian!” cried
 one.

   “No! No!” cried another excitedly.
 “It's a gypsy dialect spoken in the south
 of Spain.”

 BEFORE the matter could be decided,
 the jargon ceased. The girl lay ut-
 terly still, and Dr. Bowers lifted his
 hand and whispered to her:

   “You will not be startled at anything
 that happens.”

   He lowered his hand, which was the
 signal to Mr. Van dcr Weyde. The room
 was rocked with an explosion of the
 flashlight cartridge, and a great plume
 of white smoke curled toward the ceil-
 ing, as if it were itself a ghost.

   Not an eyelid of the entranced girl
 fluttered, nor was her pulse accelerated
 by so- much as a fraction. She lay ap-
 parently dead to the world. Dr. Bowers
 slowly withdrew the influence which had
 seemed to paralyze her, and she woke
 up dazed but otherwise undisturbed.

  There were other experiments that
 evening. Miss Ramos was hypnotized,
 and while in a trance cried out some
 exceedingly dramatic accusations. It
 this were a story of hypnosis, the ex-
 periences of Miss Ramos would require
 columns of description, but I have time
 to tel! only of this amazing spirit por-
 trait. It was the picture taken of Miss
 Haviland at the moment when she was
 deepest in her slumber that produced this
 uncanny phenomenon.

   The plates remained that night in the
 possession of Major Scott. The next
 morning they were developed under his
 supervision. So apparently every avenue
 of fraud was closed and barred; every
 precaution taken to prevent trickery or
 practical jest; all the rigid conditions
 demanded by skeptics thoroughly im-
 posed—yet the first print that came out
 of that dark room contained upon its
 surface a face that did not belong there,
 a face that had not been visible to our
 naked eyes, the staring, bearded, unmis-
 takable countenance of the old Columbia
 professor who gave his life to a pursuit
 of phantoms and who died unsatisfied—
 the face of the man who proclaimed him-
 self through that rapping table; the face
 of James H. Hyslop!

 AND there you have it. What is the
 ** solution of such a mystery?

   When we showed that picture to Dr.
 Walter Franklin Prince, at that time
 principal research officer of the American
 Society for Psychic Research, he iden-
 tified it as Hyslop’s face. No man in
 the world is more familiar with fraud as
 practiced in spirit photography than he.
 All the old tricks he has been able to
 detect. But here was one which lie
 could not explain.

   “If,” said he, “this is a fraud, then it
 is most excellent, most adroit. None of
 the old tricks has been employed here.

Photographed?

and if it is a real spirit picture, it i'
the kind of picture that I should think a
spirit would really make. When you
hold your next meeting, I want to be
there and observe your work."

  Perhaps Dr. Prince would be able to
find the one clue that had hitherto
escaped us all. But in this connection
let me point out that the one great test
which Sir Arthur Conan Doyle declares
is the true touchstone to truth in such
manifestations is here apparently met.

  In one of his letters to me, Sir Arthur
said :

  “It is when you get pictures of the
dead which look like them, but of which
110 such picture actually exists in the
world, that you have a genuine spirit
picture!”

  So far as we had been able to find, 110
such picture of Hyslop as we found on
this plate had ever been known to exist.

  I am an old hand at this game. I have
put fraudulent mediums behind the bar>.
I have attended hundreds of seances.

 When the newspaper reporters asked
me what I thought of this picture, I re-
plied that I was certain it was a fraud,
and this charge appeared in the news-
papers the next day.

THIS was a serious accusation. It
seemed to imply that someone had a
guilty knowledge. I was willing to ad-
mit that. It was the most amazing spirit
picture mystery of which I have ever
heard, but 1 announced that I should
make it my business to find out the truth
of this matter and within six months I
should either expose the trick or become
a convert to genuine spirit photograph} .

  Within three months I gave the follow-
ing statement to the public:

  “It will be recalled that, in connection
with the celebrated affair of the spirit
portrait which set the press and public
by the ears last summer, I stated that
the entire affair was a hoax and should
not be taken seriously.

  “The time has come for me to speak
again about this remarkable mystery. I
shall do so with all frankness, fearlessly,
with a full readiness to accept any con-
sequences. That is the object of this
present statement.

  “These pictures created the greatest
astonishment all over the world. The
daily press was full of exclamations of
wonder. Real spirit photographs seemed
at last to have been produced, under
conditions which could not fail to con-
vince. The pictures were reproduced in
the art supplements of newspapers and
magazines, and the known tacts were
stated fairly and without exaggeration.

  “But at the time I said: ‘If you ask
me what I think of this picture, I say to
you that I am Certain it is a fraud.'

  “I have not yet become a convert to
spirit photography. Nor have I given
up in despair. Instead, I have made a
most astounding discovery.

 “In the last two weeks I have un
earthed certain facts which throw an
amazing, if not a sinister, light upon
this entire case. I am now able to
state on definite authority that these so-
60

Ghost Stories

callcd spirit pictures were absolute
frauds ! They were trick pictures—utter
fakes!

“ A RMED with the discoveries which
I made, I went to the photographer,
Mr. Van der Weyde, and faced him with
the facts.

 “He smiled, without embarrassment,
and said: ‘Mr. Frikell, I congratulate
you. You are right. The pictures were
frauds. I made them myself. I hood-
winked you all, under your very eyes 1’

  ‘“Why did you do it?’ I demanded.

  “ ‘Because I had something to prove—
and I proved it!’ he declared. ‘I am an
absolute skeptic about all such matters.
I do not believe there is such a thing as
a genuine spirit photograph in existence.
They are all frauds. I wanted to prove
that I could make a spirit photograph
under the test conditions which Sir
Arthur Conan Doyle laid down. I did
it! I deceived America with my spirit
face of Hyslop. I could do it again.
No one can detect my method 1’

  “‘I will detect it!’ I told him.

  “‘I will pay one hundred dollars to
you the day that you do!’ he replied.

  “There you have Mr. Van der Weyde’s
statement. And there you have his chal-
lenge.

  “I have not yet discovered how he pro-
duced the spirit photographs. But twenty
years in magic and spiritualism have
taught me a great deal. I believe I can
solve this mystery. And if I do, I am
going to claim that one hundred dollars.

  “In the interests of justice, I am giv-
ing this statement to the public. The
doubt which I cast upon the authenticity
of those spirit photos—a doubt which
opened me to the danger of a personal
prosecution for libel—is now justified by
the man whom I indirectly accused.

  “I am going to find the secret of that
trick. And when I do find it, I am go-
ing to tell the public how it was done!”

THE above statement, published under
my signature, created the greatest
amount cf interest. Hundreds of people
wrote me, asking how the picture was
made.

  I am now ready 'to tell the complete
truth of the whole amazing episode.

  As a matter of fact, the secret of this
astounding mystery was simplicity itself,
and any magician will tell you that his
best tricks are the simplest.

 What Mr. Van der Weyde did was
this:

  In his possession was a photograph of
Hyslop, which he had made years ago.
Hyslop vlid not like the picture and re-
fused to buy it, and so the plate remained
in Mr. Van der Weyde’s files, and no one
but Ilyslop and himself had ever seen it
or knew that it existed. This was the
plate he used in perpetrating the spirit
hoax.

  He then went to a well-known supply
house in New York and purchased a set
of plates. With the utmost care, he
steamed the pasted sides of the package
and opened it without destroying any of
the paper container or mutilating it in
any fashion.

  Taking the top plate, he exposed upon
it the portrait of Professor Hyslop. He
then carefully replaced the plate in its
original wrapper and restored it, appar-

ently intact. The box was then sealed,
and when the job was done the most
expert packer in the Eastman Kodak
Company’s plant would have been jus-
tified in taking oath to the fact that the
package had not been disturbed.

 The price was then marked on the
bottom of the container. This was done
to identify it, as the price is never
marked on packages of this kind.

IT was then taken back to the supply
shop, and Mr. Van der Weyde gravely
took one of the young clerks aside and
put the package in his hands.

  “Now,” said he, "when I come in here
with two gentlemen and ask you for
two plates, you give me this package.”

  The answer to the whole riddle is that
the clerk did give him this package, and
thereafter all efforts made to prevent
trickery being brought to bear upon the
plates were absolutely futile, because the
trick was done before the plates were
ever sent to the group.

  Please note the following letter which
I received from Mr. Van der Weyde:

  “Your explanation is entirely correct.
I enclose you herewith my check for
$100.”

  And there you have it.

 Sir Arthur Conan Doyle said there
were three points that must be present
in a genuine spirit photograph:

  1—The	picture must be that of a per-
son who is dead.

  2—It	must be different from any pic-
ture known to have been taken of that
person while that person was alive.

  3—It	must be taken under absolutely
scientific test conditions.

 All these points were met and an-
swered in this picture.

  It did look like Professor Hyslop, and
was identified. It was different from any
photograph known to have been taken of
him while he was alive. The photograph
was made under actual test conditions.

  And yet the picture was a fake!

  The value of all this hoodwinkery, of
course, lay in convincing the public that
no matter how carefully the rules may
be laid down, as Doyle had laid them
down, a clever man will find a way to
evade them.

  But shortly thereafter I was in for
some hoodwinkery, myself.

  I had journeyed to Chicago to attend
a scientific convention and while there
made the acquaintance of an elderly lady
who was deeply convinced of the actu-
ality of spirit photographs.

 “No matter who else you may have
found to be a fake,” she told me, “Doc-
tor Rushmore is not a fake!”

 “And who,” I dared to ask, “is Dr.
Rushmore ?”

  “He is a physician,” she explained,
“living out on the border of the city,
who has discovered in himself the mystic
power of mediumship.”

  “Really?” I asked skeptically.

  “Yes.”

  “Can I bring my own plates?”

  “Certainly,” and she told me the kind
to get. We had made an appointment
to call on the doctor that same evening.
I went out and found a photograph shop.
I was all alone and I satisfied myself
that I was not followed. Then I pur-
chased a packct of films—not the kind I
had been instructed to get, but another

kind of the same size. With these but-
toned inside of my vest I repaired to
the home of the miracle worker.

 He was a very ordinary appearing
man, who was something of a joke to
his wife, a lady cursed with a most
caustic sense of humor. He himself was
good-natured, if a bit taciturn and re-
served,—a serious, pondering man, slen-
der, tall, bald-headed and peering keen-
ly from behind his nose glasses, as if he
saw things back of you that were invis-
ible to you.

  “My studio is down in the basement,”
he explained, and led us down the stairs,
into a plainly furnished place. There
was a small camera, set on rollers, fac-
ing a hanging drop at the back, and be-
yond that a door that led into the dark
room.

  I loaded the film pack into his camera,
watching carefully that they were not
exchanged.

  I helped focus the camera.

  I posed for several of the pictures and
the woman who had brought me there,
posed for the others.

  I removed the films from the camera
and carried them into the dark room.

  I developed the films.

  I printed the pictures.

  We were there for half the night while
all this was being accomplished. The
result was that on one of the plates we
could see the portrait of a beautiful
young girl above the head of the woman
who was with me.

  Here, indeed, was a mystery.

IN vain I tried to remember every step
of the way, in order to find the trick.
I knew there was a trick to it, but
where? Had the doctor ferreted the
films out of my possession without my
knowing it, double exposed them and
tricked me under my very nose? I am
a good sleight-of-hand performer myself
and I didn’t like to think I could be so
easily duped. I thought of the weirdest
explanations. I fancied a beam of light
playing from a concealed stereopticon
on to the lens of the camera. I fancied
radioactive disks concealed in the hand
of the performer as he passed them over
the lens. I tried every possible hypoth-
esis, but I still could not explain it

  Yet I was convinced it was not gen-
uine spiritualism. I was convinced that
some jugglery, too subtle for my eyes,
was responsible for this astonishing re-
sult.

  At last I came upon the solution. If
it is disappointing to the reader that I
cannot disclose it here, I am deeply
sorry, but I try to be fair in dealing
with spirit mediums, no matter how I
may suspect them. I cannot swear that
my hypothesis is correct. I merely as-
sert that I have found a simple, an ex-
ceedingly simple hypothesis which does
fit the facts, and by which I can dupli-
cate the surprising portraits made in
Doctor Rushmore's studio. And I chal-
lenge Doctor Rushmore to give me an-
other sitting. If I cannot detect him, I
shall publicly announce my defeat. But
if I do detect him, he is to admit pub-
licly that I have found him out. This
is a clear cut challenge and I shall be
glad to know what he has to say about it

  Meanwhile, since that time I have come
upon a number of other interesting spirit-
GHOST STORIES

61

 photograph mysteries that are well
 worthy of study. There is, for instance,
 the problem of the moving picture' of
 Von Sclirenk Nortzing.

 A FEW months ago, while the present
 writer was in Paris, he met with a
 journalist who was interested in the ex-
 periments then being conducted in a
 scientific laboratory tliere—the Chambre
 Metaphysique, I think it was called.

   “They have spirit moving pictures,’*
 lie told me.

   I smiled.

   “Some marvelous fake spirit pictures
 have been made,” I remarked. “Some
 years ago there was a serial shown in
 some of the largest picture theaters in
 America. It was called ‘The Mysteries
 of Mvra’ and I think Hereward Carring-
 ton was one of the authors of the story.
 In The Mysteries of Myra’ there were
 ghosts all over the screen. But it was
 just fake photography—admittedly so.”

   “This is not a fake," said the Parisian
 journalist positively. “These are mov-
 ing pictures taken in seance chambers—
 reels of materializing spirits issuing from
 the side of the medium in the form of
 milk-white ectoplasm."

   “For ’ God’s sake let me see them," I
 pleaded.

   Forthwith this promising young jour-
 nalist agreed to meet me for dinner at
 Gauclair’s that same evening, stating
 that he would conduct me, after the
 meal, to a private showing of some of
 these extraordinary films. I would like
 to include here a full description of the
 pictures—with their ghosts and their
 mediums and all the rest of it. But,
 alas. I must keep silent for the good and
 simple reason that I never caught sight
 of my Parisian journalist again. He
 vanished over one of the bridges, never
 again to reappear—and my frantic in-
 quiries helped me not at all, for no one
 else could be found who would admit
 that lie had ever heard of the Chambre
 Metaphysique.

   However, that started my mind think-
 ing of spirit moving pictures and 1
 turned to one of the greatest authorities
 in the world 011 the subject—an Austrian
 scientist with the wholly extraordinary
 name of Baron Von Sclirenk Nortzing.

   All over the world the Baron is held
 in the deepest respect by scientists. He
 is a man of the highest attainments. His
 word is unquestioned. He is a man who
 may be thoroughly believed, even though
 his observations, like everyone’s else,
 may occasionally be mistaken.

 NOW the Baron has written ah im-
 mense book in which lie details hun-
 dreds of experiments with spirit me-
 diums, illustrated with scores of photo-
 graphs taken of trance sittings in which
 ectoplasm—a sticky substance which is-
 sues from the mouth, ears, or nose of
 the medium and forms itself into ghosts
 —is shown by flash-light and by time
 exposure.

   I wondered if there were moving pic-
 tures mentioned in Von Sclirenk Nort-
 zing’s book, and hurried to find out.

   There were!

   Under the strictest control, according
 to the royal scientist, these photographs
 had been made, and the strips of cellu-
 loid film showed the ectoplasm flowing

VALUES NOT FOUND ELSEWHERE Wm*

 HCl Extraordiii
 vjluc! Atcracci
 bow-knot desig:
 Jady's ring. 1 H K
 white gold, first
 quality kc»-
 nine blue white
 diamond.	J

       *22. 50 Ja
 $1.7! a month

 JIG 1

 dy's Ring,
 ite Gold,
 ign. hand-
 .genuine

  fuj	\ 18K	HG4 —Lady’* bcauii-

  white gold. petal	fully hand-pierced

  design, It.inu.cn-	JMK. white gold hex-.

  gravedring, ext lit-	agon top King; ex-

  . sively picrccd:	qumtely radiant

  fiery genuine	genuine blue-white

  RA blue-white dia*	diamond. *56*75
  ■f* ni«»nd. *75-00 $4.S6a
  Wfo $6.08 a month n)°"fh

 IIG5—Think of it! J
 genuine blue-white
 diamonds, set in rich
 ly hand carved and
 pierced. !8K white
 gold lady‘> ring .
 529-50	/

 $2.29 a month /

  HGT-Unuiual! I,-
  peuaHy beaurmil IHK,
  white gold, l.adyY
  » Dinner Ring. 3 pen
  \ uine blue-white
  \ diamond* and z
  \ genuine French-
  \ blue sjpphires.
  \ ... •*».50

\ $3.38 a month

/Handsome	^	Complete

 Knife	with

 and	__Knife

Chain included.	'	and Chain.

        HO*— N ationally known F.lgin movemenr. thin mndcl,

        12 size, beautiful design, 20 year guaranteed green gold
        filled case, hand lettered silver dial; complete with knife and
        chain. Guaranteed, toted, accurate time piece. 5I7.9S

                                             SI .33 a mouth

 IIG8 F xtjll i ■»! tc\ I

 NX'udd i ng King\ I
 hand-engraved 18 K \ I
 w lute gold ill with * \1
 genuine blue-white \
 diamonds. *19.75 V
 $1.43 a	month

 ■ lido - Gentle-
 / nun's solid plati-
 / num front >carf pin;
 / fira-t quality genuine
 / bluc-wniic diamond. 2
 French-blue sapphires.
 S 29.75. $2.31 .1 month

  HG9—Men's nationally famous Flgin Strap watch : 20 year
  guaranteed green gold filled case. Radium dial tor night
  U*c. W arranted tested,	accurate time-keeper.

mHUm *24.50 $13dmonthfi!

 ■V ' //w'v "I

               ■' * J •

         ■'->K.y 1 r

   HCil — Latest style, rectangular
   shape. Lady’s Wrist Watch. 14 K.
   w hite gold case, highest grade
   17 jewel, ruby and sapphire
   movement; lifetime guarantee,
   v *21.09. $1.67^^ a month /

  HGi j - requisite Floral de-
  sign. 18K. white gold lady'*
  ring, hand oicrced. generous size,
  ;cnuine blue-white diamond.
  37-50	$2 96 a month

  II—G'cttiUae. imported,

  .k onyx, encrusted bor-
  genuine T>1 uc-white dia
  id. \ iK lady's white gold
  mting. All the vogue. Sl*.75*
  $1.40 a month

 HOlfc—Newes' design.

 Gents 18K white Cold
 hand-engraved, massive
 ring, specially selected,
 genuine blue-white dia-
 mond. ^ *75.00

        $6.03 .1 month

 IIG14 »» re i t value!
 Gent's UK. green gold
 mounting, white gold top.
 genuine fiery blue-white
 diamond.	*27<50

$2.13 a month

    HGlf Special ofrer' •'‘ic»*px>ine <l>anu>nds\

    sapphires in this hcftutiu»! I'-iK. whiro gold, ic

    angular'shaped, Lady's Wrist Watch; 1^ .•%«
    . ruby and .sapphire movement, lifetime guaranti
    *A gem <i| a gilt.”. SJ9-75-;v;$3.1 S a mOritlC
62

GHOST STORIES

from the mouth of the medium and
forming itself into the shape of a human
hand.	.

 These experiments were conducted
with a Polish woman and the account
the Baron gives of the affair in his book
—which by the way is called “Phenom-
ena of Materialization”—with the de-
tails of the location of the camera and
the medium, the illumination of the room
and other essentials, is very convincing.

  Reading his story, and looking at his
reproductions of this film, one is apt to
be convinced.

  I then remembered that Houdini had
had a seance with one of the Baron’s
mediums and had found nothing to sub-
stantiate the sensational claims made in
her behalf. I knew that Houdini was
not only the world’s handcuff king and
champion medium exposer, but that also
he was one of the world's most expert
magicians and could detect trickery at a
glance.

  Accordingly one evening I went to the
National Theater on Broadway and
found him in his dressing room, suffer-
ing from a broken leg but still gamely
determined to give his performance.

 Under my arm was the Baron's bulky
book of spirit seances and pictures.

  “Houdini,” I said, “do you know this
book?"

  He smiled sadly.

  “I know it well,” he replied.

 “What about the moving pictures in
it?” I asked.

 “What about the whole book?” he
flared.

  “You tell me,” I requested.

  This is what he told me:

  “I say the Von Schrenk Nortzing book
is filled with a lot of piffle and the pic-
tures are ridiculous to the Nth degree.
Either he is being duped or there is
somebody in his household making a fool

of him. In my seance with Eva (the
medium about whom the Baron wrote
the bulk of his huge volume) at no time
did she display any evidence of being
able to produce ectoplasm. Regarding
the moving picture of what took place,
with the present scientific methods of
taking moving pictures in a dark room,
I can double-discount them. Men like
Von Schrenk Nortzing are never initi-
ated.”

  Here Houdini paused and chuckled.

  “You know,” he said quizzically, "if
the Baron and I were put together, nailed
in a box and thrown overboard, I am
the only one who would come up alive.
That is because I know how these things
are done and the Baron doesn’t. A
knowledge of magic—of conjuring and
sleight-of-hand—is necessary to detect
mediums,—just as a knowledge of anat-
omy is necessary to a surgeon.”

  OW, it may very well be objected
that such a denunciation as that
does not disprove the case against the
many reports of spirit moving pictures
emanating from Europe, as reported in
the newspapers, nor, indeed, the very
pictures in the Baron’s monumental
volume.

  The point, is, however, that the ex-
perience of Houdini, the most famous
magician in America today, if not in the
world, and of every other trained magi-
cian, has demonstrated that all the me-
diums of famous scientists turn out to
be fakers when they are investigated by
a man who knows conjuring tricks.

  One of the most recent cases is the
famous Margery case in Boston, where
a distinguished committee of scientists
was ready to declare that the manifes-
tations they had seen were genuine, un-
til Houdini came along and prickcd the
bubble by discovering the trick.

  Another celebrated case was that of
Ada Bessinet, of Toledo, Ohio. Two
books were written about Bessinet by a
Columbia professor, who declared she
was one of the greatest mediums in the
world. Sir Arthur Conan Doyle held a
seance with her and conversed with the
specter of his dead son. Then a Mac-
fadden Publications writer, who was also
a magician, went to Toledo, sat with
Bessinet and published an expose of her
tricks, showing that it was all done by
cleverness instead of spirits.

THE same investigator exposed the

two mediums who were declared gen-
uine by W. T. Stead, the noted English
investigator; and later convicted in the
police courts two associate ministers of
the First Spiritualist Church of New
York for one of the most astounding
ghost hoaxes ever offered to the dupes
at three dollars a ghost

 Wherever a magician comes in con-
tact with a medium, the trick is shown
up. Houdini has exposed hundreds of
them. And when Houdini says that the
spirit moving pictures are piffle, it is not
hard to believe him.

  The candid opinion of this wrjter is
that we will wait a long time before we
have five reel pictures of actual spirits
—and in the meantime we can get along
very nicely with Gloria, Dorothy and
Lillian, Charlie and Richard and the
other glorious living.

  The screen is no place for dead ones,
anyway.

 Meanwhile, should you ask me if
spirit photography is ever genuine, I can
only shrug my shoulders and ask
you-

  “When is anything ever wholly gen-
uine?”

  It is a matter to speculate over—some-
thing for us to think about.

Tlextl —IDithin Four Creeping IDalls

                               (Continued from page 42)

know, gave me Capri’s book, but I
haven’t read it. I’m not interested in
that sort of stuff. I can’t explain why I
went with you to his lecture, except
that tonight I felt a bit fidgetty.”

  “This is my idea of a restful room,”
said -Walters as he picked up his hat
and coat. “Sometimes I positively envy
you having this room, old man.”

  “You do, eh?” answered Tempest with
a complacent grin. “Well, my dear Wal-
ters, you’ll have to be content with up-
stairs. This tenant has no intention of
moving out, I assure you.”

  "I suppose not,” said Walters drily.
He paused at the door to add, jestingly:
“Watch out you don’t fall into Capri’s
depression.”

 “Not much!” Tempest assured him.
“Upon my word, Walters, if you stick
up for that learned ass, I'll have to give
you up as a bad job. Leave ghosts alone
and stick to your briefs. Good night,
old man! I'll have a pipe and turn in.”
Walters opened the door and peered
ahead of him dubiously, seeming to hesi-
tate. Then he stepped gingerly out and
closed the door behind him.

 For a moment Tempest stood staring

at the door, through which his friend
had passed, a thoughtful expression on
his rugged features. Then he turned
slowly.

 “What’s the world coming to? A
sane, normal fellow like Walters?” he
said aloud.

  He walked to the table and leisurely
filled his pipe.

  "Hallucinations! George! I hope he
won’t end by traveling on—by his own
hand. Obstinate fellow! He’s quite
capable of doing it, though, to prove his
point to me. Ah, there he is now, pok-
ing his fire upstairs. Damn kind of him
to remind me of the fellow who did for
himself, over there, eh?—half in, half
out of this room! Lucky for me I
haven’t much imagination. Lots of peo-
ple would begin to imagine all sorts of
things. . . . I’ve half a mind to launch
a counterblast at old Capri—write some-
thing to show him up for the self opin-
ionated ass he is. Where’s his book?”

  He went to the line of bookcases, still
muttering to himself.

  “Here we are. A Study of Suicide by
Luigi Capri. Three hundred pages.
Good Lord! I’ll have a look at this

anyway. There may be something in it.”

  He settled himself in the armchair.

  “‘The power of suggestion. Prospec-
tive suicide's brain, like that of pros-
pective murderer, is peculiarly receptive
to imitative impulse. This may be awak-
ened in several ways. For instance,
reading account of a suicide. By a co-
incidence in circumstances—fellow in
trouble let us say, reads of the suicide
of another, in similar trouble. Attrac-
tion too, which certain heights—bridges
for instance—have for suicides. A sui-
cide committed from one of the bridges
of Paris, is sure to be followed by an-
other at no remote interval—just as one
atrocious form of murder is sure to have
its imitators.

 “ ‘Another cause, more occult-' ”

He snorted contemptuously, “Occult fid-
dlesticks !”

  He read on: “‘Is it not possible, I
ask you, that even as the scene of a
crime arouses in the subconscious in-
telligence of one visiting it, an involun-
tary shrinking, a quiver of horror, so
may not the atmosphere of the scene
of a suicide still be attainted by, and
impregnated with, the horrid impulse, or
C HOST STORIES

premeditated callousness with which the
suicide took his life? Indeed, I go fur-
ther: I suggest that the soul of the
wretched taker of his own life, chained
to the spot by the elemental passion of
self-destruction, may linger there, wait-
ing until another, by his own wilful
deed, supplants him in possession of the
accursed spot!’ ”

  Tempest closed the book with a slam,
and threw it on the table.

  "There's madness for you! My God.
what an idea! Death like a barber—
yes, looking from the victim in the chair
to some other poor devil, and politely
saying: ‘Next!' Damn it, the man's a
lunatic! Yet—he finds an audience.
There’s Walters now—that model of
precision and cold logic—ready to meet
Capri’s theories halfway.”

HF. sat staring at the fire, then laid
down his pipe with an impatient
gesture, and rose to his feet, bor a
minute or so he paced up and down the
room.

  ‘‘Restless! I wonder what makes me
so restless? Hope I get a better sleep
tonight. Those damned dreams —all
night long—yet I can't remember them.

1 wake up tired as a dog."

  He halted in front of his bookcases.

 “Books! Books! Ghosts of dead
men’s thoughts! There’s your real
ghosts for you. I’m sick of them. Sick
of them. I'll sell the whole lot Lqrd,
what a lot of my life I've wasted with
my nose in a book! Men of my age
have done things—seen things. I've al-
ways wanted to go to Africa, India.

  ‘‘I'm only forty-five. If I had my life
to live over again. I'd do something dif-
ferent from what I've done—drowsing
along, reading—a little writing that
meant nothing—collecting coins. When I
die all that the papers will be able to say
about me will be:.‘Mr. John Tempest,
the numismatist, was a well known figure
at auctions. His collection which in-
cludes many rare specimens, is willed •
to the Museum.’ Short and sweet. The
obituary of a nobody.”

  He glanced up at the cciling.

  “There’s Walters knocking his pipe
out. On his way to the bench—Judge
Walters. Oh, well, he deserves it! He
works day and night. He’ll have the
power of life and death in his hands.
Life’s a problem that even death won't
solve.”

  He wheeled around sharply, with a
shudder.

  “That’s queer. What made me say
that? Almost as if—as if someone had
prompted me—like a voice at my car."

  For a moment he stood still, a puzzled,
startled expression stamped on his face.
Then his rigid posture relaxed and he
shook his shoulders.

 “Pshaw! That talk of Walters!
What the devil did he mean by remind-
ing me I was living in a suicide’s room?
Ton. my word, I can believe he's so set
on having this place that he'd not stop
at trying to scare me.” He laughed soft-
ly, "Scare me! Me?”	,

  He resumed his pacing and his mut-
tered musing.

  “No reason, eh? The poor devil must
have had a reason. Twenty-five they
said he was—and to kill himself. Ugh!

I wonder—thinking—too much thinking

about himself—then all at once the
poison—a moment and then—nothing!
Oblivion. At twenty-five? Preposterous.
At forty-five, maybe—but twenty-five?
Rubbish! A fellow with imagination
cotdd make quite a story of the busi
ness, if anyone wanted to read it."

  He looked about him slowly.

   “Funny! I used to think this was
a cheerful room, hut now—God—it’s
gloomy! All this dark woodwork. The
house is too old—too cluttered with

memories, with tragedy that-"

  He stopped short with a start, listened,
then going to the door, opened it and
looked out.

  “That you Briggs?”

  There was no answer from the shadowy
corridor. He stood with a perplexed
expression, then shut the door quickly.

  “Queer! Sounded like some one walk-
ing up and down out there."

HE stood by the door listening, then
returned to the fire, staring at the
mantelpiece, as though enumerating the
objects on it—the clock, the two bronze
elephants, the vial of blue glass, with its
‘Poison’ label.

  “Quite simple. Nothing simpler—if I
wer; such a fool. An accident. Looks
just like that stuff Tallifer gave me. Old
fool—as if I needed any of his antiquated
prescriptions. A bit tired—that’s all
that's the matter with me.”

  He held the bottle in his hand for an
instant, then set it back on the mantel
shelf.

 “No-" He looked round quickly.

“Why should I? Just came into my
mind. Queer, how you get ideas! Just
came into my mind—how easy! John
Tempest, my boy, you've got to get out
more in the open air. Soon you’ll be
as bad as Walters, with his hallucina-
tions.” His voice dropped to a hushed
whisper, “In my ear—like a whisper—

someone whispering- Here! This

won’t do! It won’t!”

  He clenched his fist—struck the mantel
a blow.

  ".My coins! Sell them—and go on a
trip. Algiers. It will be a wrench, but
I’ll do it. Go and see the curator of
the Museum tomorrow, and see what
he'll give me. If he can't meet my price.
I'll sell them at auction. Moran would
give his eye teeth for my gold stater.”
For a moment he seemed transformed.
With a brisk air he went to the cabinet
and pulling out a tray of coins, carried
it over and set it on the table. He
looked them over critically, a glow of
enthusiasm in his eyes.

  “Let me see, let me see. These silver
ones need a little rubbing up.”

  He poured some of the contents of the
bottle he had taken from the mantel
shelf, into a saucer, then sitting down,
he began to polish one of the coins with
a rag.

  “That gold stater ought to go high. I
spent five hundred 011 it—worth six
times that now—good specimen, as clean
as when it came from the mint. The
desert! I might go so far as to hire
a caravan. That woman—Rosita some-
thing—got pretty far into the desert.
Plucky woman—[ can surely do the
same. Wasted my life. No love, no
tame, no pleasure, no friends but old
fogies—except Walters—Judge Walters,

eh? He'll be surprised, won't he? Gc>d!
Forty-five. Thirty lost years! Even a-
a boy that old aunt of mine and her
tight reins! It's a wonder I didn't lose
my mind! It’s a wonder-"

  He paused uncertainly, with a sudden
searching stare at the curtains of the
archway.

  “Eh—did these curtains always hang
that way—out at the foot—as if there
was something there—lying-”

  He laid down the rag abruptly, and
put his hand up, to feel his brow. He
half rose from his seat, his eyes still
upon the curtains. Then he sat down
again, and drawing his handkerchief,
wiped his forehead.

  “I'm cold," he muttered. “Funny—•
brows wet—cold."

HE leaned forward and poked the dy-
ing coals, coaxing them into a blaze.
And at the sound, Walters overhead,
looked up from his papers, listened a
moment, smiled, and resumed his read-
ing.

  In the room below, into which a
stealthy silence was creeping, broken
Only by the heavy breathing of the man
who stared into the fire—nothing stirred.

  Then all at once, moved by a draft
coming from some unsuspected crevice,
the flame leapt up. There was a rustling
behind him, and John Tempest roused
from a strange lethargy, sat up swiftly
and looked at the one place in the room
where he knew he must look.

  The curtains of the archway were
strained tight—pulled together as though
some unseen hand held them.

  For an instant Tempest sat as though
stupified. Then, with shaking hands, he
reached for the decanter and poured out
a stiff drink. He carried it to his lips,
tossed it down, and hurriedly poured out
another which he set upon the table. A
cunning look crept into his eyes and he
nodded his head.

  “Scare me!" he exclaimed, hoarsely.
“Scare me with .votir ghosts, friend Wal-
ters—scare me out of my room, eh?
Come out—out with you! Let me see
you. Eh—you won’t? All right, stay
where yon are!”

  He resumed his polishing, his fore-
head wrinkled with the effort at con-
centration.

  All at once he laid down the rag.

  “Supposing I can't sell them. Easy
to buy, but when you come to sell—you
sell for a song. On and on—year after
year—those lost years of my youth!
I’m too old to begin again!’’

  He looked once more at the curtains.

  “I wonder," he said softly, "I wonder
what you thought of it all? You had
a problem—you had—What answer did
you get ? Eh ?”

  He bent forward as though to catch
the reply.

  "Whispering? What are you whis-
pering about?" he scowled impatiently.
"What is it? I can’t hear you. The
room is full of whispering—whisperinc;
voices."

  He rose to his feet and shook his fist
at the curtains. As he did so. his jaw
dropped and he recoiled. For a second
or two of pulsating time he stood—his
face a livid mask of horror, as though
that which he feared was lurking behind
the swaying curtains, had suddenly been
64

Ghost stories

revealed to him. Then, with groping
hands he reached out for the glass of
whisky. It was half way to his lips
when he stopped, and put out his hand
to the vial which stood uncorked upon
the table. A swift tilting of its contents
into the glass, and, smiling strangely,
John Tempest lifted the glass once more
to his lips.

CHARLES WALTERS laid his papers

down and leaped to his feet. Some-
thing had fallen heavily in the room be-
neath. For a moment he listened care-
fully. All was silent, below. Then, ap-
prehension assailed him, and he ran to
his door.

 He came downstairs two steps at a
time, and knocked at Tempest’s door.
There was no answer. He turned the
knob and stepped inside.

 “Anything wrong? Heard a thud.
Anything-”

  With horror-stricken eyes, he gazed

down at the body of Tempest. It was
lying in the archway, half concealed by
the trailing curtains.

“Tempest! What 011 earth? My
God!” he cried in horrified tones.

 He bent over the body and picked up
 the glass. He sniffed it.

“Good God!”

 Kneeling, he laid his hand on the dead
 man’s heart, then over his mouth. He
 rose to his feet, a look of utter perplex-
 ity on his face.

 “Why? No earthly reason 1”

 Walters stood there, looking down at
 the body intently for some little time.
 He seemed to be trying to decide some-
 thing in his mind. Then he raised his
 head and stared about him. Into his
 face there crept a look of appreciation,
 of eager anticipation.

“I could place my desk-”

He checked himself, with a shocked
and self-accusing gesture.

 “Poor Tempest!” he said softly, in a

 contrite tone. “I’m sorry that it had to
 be.” He studied a moment. “I'd better
 phone the police.”

HE walked to the desk in the corner
and sat down—almost with a pro-
prietary air. After all it seemed good
to be there. He smiled a pleased smile.
He had always liked these rooms, and

now that-

  Walter did not notice that in the door-
way, which he had left open, someone
stood pointing at him—pointing at him
malignantly. Had he had eyes to see,
he might have distinguished a staring,
white face—but it was not the face of
young Halliwell. No, it was an older
face—the face of him who had been
John Tempest, and his stubby forefinger
was raised—as though to say to the
tenant who would now occupy those
rooms, who had kept constantly saying
that he would like to occupy those rooms:
“Next!"

Out of a Qleaminq Tomb

                    (Continued from page 28)

7 didn’t care a hoot about the pictures,
but I was in hopes of seeing Ruth again.
For perhaps an hour we sat there thumb-
ing over photographs and talking gen-
eralities, and I saw that the old boy
had taken a fancy to me. Several times
I made a move to go, but each time he
brought out something else to show me,
or opened some new topic of conversa-
tion, and I could see he wanted me to
stay, that he was enjoying my company.
Finally the door opened and Ruth came
in, the same inscrutable expression in
her eyes.

  “Ruth, meet Mr. Evans. My daughter,
sir, Miss Higgins.”

 Miss Higgins? Then she hadn’t mar-
ried! I jumped to my feet and went to
meet her with outstretched hand, too

happy to hide my joy. Why, perhaps-

  But aside from the slight deepening
of her color, she gave no sign that she
noticed, and replied, quite calmly:

  “Mr.—Evans—and I have already met.”
"Why, of course, of course. You let
him in, didn’t you? Now, I was just
going to ask him to stay and have sup-
per with us, but perhaps you’d better do
it, instead. It’s the women-folks’ plaee
to do the invitin’, isn't it?” And he
laughed jovially.

  “I’m sure we’ll be delighted, if Mr.
Evans will stay.” She smiled at me
now, little imps of mischief dancing be-
hind her eyes. So she had noted my
confusion—thought I was some city guy
who had fallen in love with her 011 sight?
Well, that was all right too. I’d woo
her first, and then tell her who I was.

MRS. Higgins joined us presently and
we sat long over the pleasant meal.
I found myself talking as I hadn't talked
in months, under the skillful questioning
of Ruth, and the appreciative attention
of the old folks. My life had indeed
been colorful—more so than I had real-
ized, I discovered—and I sat there tell-
ing them tales of foreign lands and
strange adventures until the late summer
sun went down and the lights had to be

turned on. It brought back old memories.

  That seemed to break the spell, and as
we left the room to allow the maid of
all work to clear the table, Mrs. Higgins
suggested tactfully that Ruth take me
out on the porch for a breath of air.
Same match-making mamma she had al-
ways been, I told myself gaily, and
thanked my stars that so far her efforts
had been in vain. This time, though,
please God, they would be successful 1
We were out on the porch now, stand-
ing uncertainly at the top of the steps.
There was no moon, but the night was
bright with a multitude of stars, and the
crickets and bullfrogs were holding their
evening concert. Once more the mem-
ories crowded over me, and for a mo-
ment I was again that boy of eighteen.
She, too, seemed to be feeling the spell
of the evening, for she stood as silently,
as uncertainly as I. Suddenly, without
in the least intending to speak, I Heard
my voice saying:

  “Well, Ruth?”

  The next instant she was in my arms,
sobbing and laughing all at once, re-
peating my name over and over again.
“Ralph! . . . Ralph!”

 When she had become coherent, I
whispered: “You knew me, then, dear?”
“Of course! I'd have known you any-
where !”

 “And you knew I would come back?”
I somehow felt that my coming back
to her had been as inevitable as the
movements of the stars.

 “Yes. ... I knew you would. But it

was so long—so long-” Again she

buried her head against my shoulder,
and I held her to me hungrily, a fierce
pang of remorse tugging at my heart.

  "Fifteen years,” she continued. “But
somehow I knew you would come back
some day. There’s never been anyone
else, Ralph.”

  What a rotter I was! I tried to tell
her, but she placed her soft little hand
against my mouth, and would not listen.

  “Oh, I know, Ralph. There have been
experiences, adventures—other women.

I never for a moment pictured you go-
ing through life ignoring everything—
everybody, but me. Men aren’t like
that. But I knew love like ours couldn’t
die.”

  "And it hasn’t, dearest, believe me-”

  “I know.”

  After awhile she suggested that we
take a walk, and as we sauntered through
the old paths and haunts, I told her of
my visit, and what I hoped to achieve,
and she told me about my father.

  My going, she said, seemed to have
opened his eyes to many things. He had
tried desperately to find me, but he
could learn nothing save the fact that
I had shipped on the freighter, “Tim-
buctoo.” At Hong Kong I had left the
ship and disappeared completely, and in
time, when I failed to write him, he
came to fear I had been killed. But he
could never quite believe that.

 He had known of my love for Ruth,
and he and Ruth had spent many hours
together, talking about me and speculat-
ing about my fate. Time went on and
still they had no word, and gradually
my father began to age, to lose interest
in things. He seemed to feel, and right-
ly, that my step-mother was responsible
for my disappearance, and there were
many bitter quarrels between them.

THEN one day my step-mother packed
her things and went back West to
her old home. Father continued to live
in the old house, all by himself. Ruth
said she understood he had sent the
woman money, from time to time, but he
had never actually told her so.

 With my step-mother’s going, his
habits had changed and he had become
a recluse. The only people he saw at
all were Doctor Nevins and Judge
Wyckham, both life-long friends. He
avoided all other contacts. Ruth told
me that at first she had hunted him up
as usual, every so often, but he was
silent, morose, almost surly, and one
day he had asked her point blank not
to come again. “You remind me of—
Ghost stories

65

him," lie explained. ”1 don’t want to be
reminded of him.’’

  Presently it began to be noised about
that old Major Durham must be los-
ing his money, for he was selling his
various real estate holdings about town.
Then certain of the fine old family fur-
niture and rugs were sold to various
antique dealers—in fact he seemed to be
turning everything of value he owned
into money.

  It was commonly believed he had
gambled on the stock market, or some-
thing of that sort, and lost most of
what he owned. Two or three years be-
fore, he had suddenly dropped dead of
heart failure and he was buried imme-
diately, quietly, without any fuss, as
was his wish. His two old friends, Doc-
tor Nevins and Judge Wyckham, took
complete charge of everything, and the
widow was not notified until after the
funeral.

  She arrived in town in a fine rage.
Why had she not been sent for before
the funeral? He had not wished it?
What did that matter? She was his
widow, wasn’t she—his only surviving
relative? But the two old men paid
little attention to her and at last she
calmed down and demanded that the will
be read. But there seemed to be no will,
and as there was no one to dispute her
right, she automatically inherited what
property there was—only the house and
a small amount of money in the savings
bank.

IN order to live she had to rent the
house and take the Stoner shack for
her own abode, and the catastrophe had
been almost too much for her. Never
any too pleasant, she had developed into
a veritable shrew, and few people would
Tisk association with her. So there she
lived, alone, bitter, almost an outcast.
Indeed some people even went so far
as to say she had become slightly de-
mented.

  As Ruth unfolded this story to me,
my feelings can well be imagined. If
only I had known, how different I might
have made things for my father, during
his last years! I might at least have
communicated with him, I told myself
wretchedly, but I had been very bitter,
and I had not known he cared.

  “You couldn’t be expected to know,”
she said softly. “You mustn’t blame
yourself too severely.”

  1 took her hand in mine, and for
awhile we continued our walk in silence.

  “Is he buried here?” I asked. We
had reached the old cemetery in which
ny mother lay sleeping. Ruth nodded.
_ pushed open the gate and we entered.

  I knew the spot well. After mother’s
death I had come there often, gaining a
measure of comfort from the simple rite
of decorating her grave with flowers,
and in spite of the dark, I was able to
lead the way to the family plot. As we
approached it, I thought I saw some-
thing move, and at the same instant
Ruth's grip on my arm tightened.

  “Do you see someone?” I whispered.

  “Ye—es.’’ She tried to answer bravely,
but her voice quavered and I could feel
her body trembling as she came closer
to me.

  “Yon wait here and I’ll investigate,”
I whispered, but she clung to me in ter-

ror and at last we both advanced to-
ward the spot, silently, cautiously.

  As we drew near, I could make out
the outlines of a white figure flitting
about, and for an instant all the stuff
I had ever heard about ghosts and
grave yards raced crazily through my
head. Then reason reasserted itself, and
I managed to get myself in hand.

  Good Lord! There were no ghosts!
I was acting like an idiot! This was a
thing of flesh and blood and I must find
out who it was and what it was doing
here. I loosened Ruth’s terrified hold on
my arm and whispered, “Stand right
here. Don’t move. I’m going to take it
by surprise,” and Ruth, too scared for
utterance, did as I told her.

  Slowly I advanced on the thing, and
suddenly, spying me apparently for the
first time, it turned and fled. I followed
in full pursuit and finally, sensing that
I was gaining on it, it turned and charged
back at me, and for a wild moment I
fought the impulse to run from it. But
something bigger than I, kept me rooted
to the spot, and as it came at me, I
opened my arms and caught hold of it
tightly. There was a moment of fierce
struggle, then it crumpled up in my arms
and lay there panting and gasping. I
lowered it to the ground and quickly
struck a match. At that moment Ruth
came rushing up to me.

  “Ralph! You’re all right? Oh, thank
God!” Then seeing the figure crumpled
at my feet she gave a little gasp. “Oh
Ralph—her 1”

  “Her?”

  “Your step-mother 1”

  So that was the ghost.

I STRUCK a fresh match and peered
at the figure more closely. What I saw,
filled me with both disgust and pity.
It was she all right—a moth-eaten cari-
cature of her former self. Her whole
body had shrunk, her hair was tangled
and unkempt and gray, her light clothes
hung about her in tatters, but the same
features were there—the beak of a nose,
the cruel mouth, the receding chin.

  Her eyes were closed and she seemed
to be unconscious, as she lay there in
a huddled heap. The match flickered
and went out. There was a sudden,
swift movement in the darkness, and be-
fore we could grasp what was happen-
ing, she had darted up and away. I
made as though to follow her, but Ruth
laid a detaining hand on my arm.

  “Let her go, Ralph. She’s harmless—
and probably scared to death,”

  And of course she was right. Why
follow the old woman? I wanted noth-
ing of her. Apparently the gossips who
had called her slightly demented were
not so far wrong. She certainly looked
and acted crazy.

  I gave a slight, involuntary shudder,
as I turned back toward the grave, and
would have left the place at once, had
not something stronger than my own in-
clinations propelled my feet. I found
myself in a moment or two once more
beside my father’s grave, and striking a
fresh match I stooped and studied the
simple inscription on the headstone.

  For a few moments I stood with bowed
head, my feelings a mixture of rever-
ence and remorse, while Ruth waited for
me a few feet away. Presently I turned

EARLE E. LIEDERMAN—-The Muscle Builder

 Author of "Muscle Building," "Science of Wrestling."
 "Secrets of Strength, "Here's Health." "Endurance, Etc.

If You Were Dying To-Night

and I offered somethin* that would give you ten yean
more to live, would you take it? You'd grab it. Well,
fellows. I ve got it. but don't wait till you’re dying
or it won t do you a bit of good. It will then be too late.
Right now is the time. Tomorrow, or any day, some

condition that the doctor will starve to death waiting
for you to take sick. Can you imagine a mosquito
trying to bite a bnck wall ? A fine chance.

A Re-Built Man

I like to get the weak ones, I delight in getting hold
of a man who has been turned down aa hopeless by othere.
It s easy enough to finish a task that's more than half
done. But give me the weak, sickly chap and watch
him grow stronger. That'a what I like. It's fun to me
because I know I can do it and I like to give the other
fellow the laugh. I don't simply give you a veneer of
muscle that looks good to others. I work on you both
inside and out. I not only put big, massive arms and
legs on you. but I build up those inner muscles that
surround your vital organa. The kind that give you
real pep and energy, the Idnd that fire you with ambition
and the courage to tackle anything set before you.

All I As Iris Ninety Days

Who says It takes years to get in shape? Show me
the man who makes any such claims and I’ll make him
eat his words. I'U put one full inch on your arm in
just 30 days. Yes. and two full inches on your chest in
the same length of time. Meanwhile. I'm putUng life
and pep Into your old back-bone. And from then on.
just watch 'em grow. At the end of thirty days you
won't know yourself. Your whole body will take on an
entirely different appearance. But you’re only started.
Now come the real works. I've only built my founda-
tion. I want just 60 days more (90 in all) and you'll
make those friends of yours, who think they're strong,
look like something ihe cat dragged in.

A Real Man

When I’m through with you. you're a real man. Tbe
kind that can prove it. You will be able to do things
you had thought impossible. And the beauty of it is
you keep on going. Your deep, full chest breathes in
richi pure air, stimulating your blood and making you
just bubble over with vim and vitality. Your huge
square shoulders and your massive muscular arms have
that craving for exercise of a regular he-man. You
have the flash to your eye and the pep to your step
that will make you admired and sought after, both in
business and social world.

This is no idle prattle, fellows. If you doubt me,
make me prove it. Go ahead. I like it. I have already
done this for thousands of others and my rccords are
unchallenged. What I have done for them. I will do
for you. Come, then, for time flies and every day counts.
Let this very day be the beginning of new life to you.

Send for my new 64 page book
“Muscular Development”—It Is Free

It contains over four doxen full-eize photographs of
myself and some of the many prize-winning pupils I have
trained. Some of these came to me as pitiful weaklings,
imploring me to help them. Look them over now and
you will marvel at their present physiques. This b<x>k
will prove an impetus and a real inspiration to you.
It will thrill you through and through. This will not
obligate you at all, but for the sake of your future health
and happiness do not put it off. Send today—right now
before you turn this page.

EARLE E. LIEDERMAN

305 Broadway	Dept. 3601 New York City

Earle E. Liederman, Dept. 3601
305 Broadway, New York City

Dear Sir: Please send me free without any obliga-
tion on my part whatever, a copy of your latest book,
‘‘Muscular Development.”

(Please write or print plainly)

Name______________________________

Street-------------------------------

City........................State.
66

Giiost stories

   to join her, and as I did so, a Midden
   icy wind passed swiftly over me. At
   the same moment a shrill scream broke
   from Ruth.

    “Ralph! Look! Look!” She seemed
   to have taken leave of her senses as she
   stood shrieking, pointing a finger at me
   —or was it over my shoulder.

     Swiftly I wheeled about, and for a
   second my blood seemed to freeze in
   iny veins, as I too, saw it. A shadowy
   form was rising—rising out of the earth 1
   Then, instantly, a great calm took pos-
   session of me, and I found myself mov-
   ing as one in a dream.

      “Father 1”

    I would have known him anywhere,
   in spite of the gray hair, the bent
   shoulders. It seemed quite natural that
   lie should be there, even though I could
   see through him, even though I realized
   this thing was unearthly, unbelievable—
   a mere phantom.

     I took a step toward him, then some-
   thing made me stop, and for a moment
   we stood regarding each other, as though
   we would penetrate each other's very
   , souls. Then a beautiful smile spread
   1 e ver his countenance and his fine eyes
   fairly poured forth love and tenderness.

     “Father!” I took another step toward
   him/ and at that instant a strange light
   came from over my shoulder, lighting
   up the figure in the weirdest manner,
   and 1 saw a luminous, glittering mass,
   as though a million tiny stars were
   lodged there. With a sudden, swift mo-
   tion, he reached inside his coat, then
   I advanced toward me, the luminous sub-
   stance in his outstretched hand. At that
   moment the spell was broken by a cry
   from Ruth, and as I turned toward her,
   the figure of my father began to dissolve.

   FOR the next few moments my atten-
   tion was centered on Ruth who had
   fallen to the ground in a quivering heap.
   It was some time before I could calm
   her. In sheer desperation I finally told
   her that she really had been mistaken,
   that her nerves were badly unstrung,
   that there had been no ghost, no pres-
   ence save what her own fevered imagin-
   ation had pictured. But, when I had
   taken her home, and had left her with the
   understanding that on the morrow I
   would call upon her parents and reveal
   my identity to them, I found that I too,
   was unnerved.

     This thing was uncanny. Yet, we had
   both seen the thing, hadn't we? It was
   really my father—not a doubt about
   that!

      After I got into bed I lay there trying
    to figure it out. Surely I had been
    wrong. My step-mother’s presence in the
    graveyard had made us excited. We had
    imagined the rest. It was with this
    thought on my mind that I finally
    dropped off to sleep.

     IVl I sat up in bed and peered into
   the darkness. Had a voice actually
   called me, or was it a dream? At first
   nothing was visible; then I felt again
   that unearthly, icy wind, and heard a
   slight rustling sound.

    “Father?” The word came from me
   almost unconsciously, and I had no
   sooner uttered it than he stood before
   me. quite bright in the darkness, with

that strange glitter over his heart more
radiant, more dazzling than before.

  For a long moment he stood gazing at
me, then slowly he raised his arm and
beckoned, and, like one in a dream, I
arose and followed. Down the length
of the room he led me. Then, as he
reached my old book-case beside the
window, he seemed to vanish straight
through the wall. I was left standing
in the darkness, dazed, baffled, and
shaken.	—

  What could it mean? I continued to
stand there for some time in a sort of
stupor, then slowly I made my way back
to the bed. What did it all mean? He
was evidently trying to tell me some-
thing—but what?

  I must have fallen asleep again, for,
Once more I awakened with the distinct
impression that my name had been
called. Yes—there he was again! He
looked distressed, this time, and he
beckoned me more emphatically than be-
fore. Again I arose and followed him
to the book-case. This time he pointed
at it meaningly, and again he vanished
through the wall.

  I felt around for the electric switch—
turned it on. This thing was queer. I
would get to the bottom of this I I went
over and carefully examined the old
book-case. It was empty of all save a
few books, relics of my school days
that no one had seen fit to remove. One
by one I took them out, thumbed over
their pages and shook out any loose
papers they contained. Nothing of im-
portance. Only bits of scratch paper—
notes made at school. Then, suddenly,
in a flash, I remembered.

  The sliding panel . . . how could I
have forgotten!

  Quickly I pulled the book-case from
the wall and groped about for the spring.
Yes, it was still there! I pressed it and
with beating heart watched,, for per-
haps the hundredth time, the noiseless
sliding back of the panel, the disclosure
of that yawning cavity beyond. Built
by the original owner of the house, prob-
ably to lodge a safe or something of the
sort, this place of concealment had al-
ways fired my youthful imagination with
its thrilling possibilities. Many a time,
as a kid, I had hidden my most cher-
ished possessions there, away from pry-
ing eyes. That anyone else knew of its
existence, I never for a moment dreamed,
but I realized now that father must have
known of it from the start.

  I struck a match and thrust it inside
the opening and in the flickering light
I saw that the space was empty save for
a flat package that lay on the bottom
beneath a heavy coating of dust. I lifted
this out eagerly, my heart pounding with
excitement. It was a thick envelope,
bearing Judge Wyckham's name in one
corner and addressed to me in my
father’s well-known writing.

  I opened it, and with trembling fingers
I drew out a long legal document—my
father’s last will and testament. Swiftly
my eye scanned the closely written sheet,
then I started at the beginning. What
I read there astounded me! Especially
so, in view of what had happened this
night.

  Apparently my father was determined
that my step-mother should have none
of his money. He wanted me to have

it, but in the event that I never re-
turned, it was to just disappear from
the earth. He had conceived the strange
idea of turning everything he owned into
cash, and then converting that cash into
—diamonds! Judge Wyckham, who was
appointed his executor, was instructed
to conceal these diamonds in a secret,
inside pocket of father’s coat, over his
heart, just before his burial—and to
make sure they were buried with him.

  In the event of my return, I was to
get the necessary court order to have
the body dug up, and claim my fortune.
If I never appeared, the stones were to
remain forever buried with him.

  There followed a description of the
secret cupboard in my room, in which
the judge was instructed to place the
will against my return. A truly remark-
able document. Apparently the judge-
had carried out his instructions to the
letter, for I had not the slightest doubt
that the glittering mass apparent over
the heart of my father's ghost, was
actually the fortune in diamonds.

  The whole thing was so uncanny, so
weird, that for a little while I sat there
as one stupified. This thing defied all
physical laws, and yet—it had happened.
I examined the signatures of the wit-
nesses. Dr. Nevins was one and the
other was Samuel Higgins, Ruth’s
father! He, then, had known of this
will, too, and had never told Ruth—or,
probably, anyone else.

IT was broad daylight now and I be-
gan to dress. Since I had planned to
tell Ruth’s parents that morning, who I
really was, I decided to go right over
there and take the will with me. Mr.
Higgins would advise me what steps to
take. Accordingly, immediately after
breakfast I walked over to Ruth’s house.
I found ^Ir. Higgins out watering the
lawn. He greeted me cordially.

 “Well, Mr. Evans, and how are you
this morning? Slept well, I hope.”

  “Yes, thanks. And you?”

  “Never better."

 “Mr. Higgins—I wonder if I might
see you alone for a few moments?"

  “Why—certainly. Wait ’til I shut this
off and I’ll be right with you."

  He turned off the faucet and led the
way into his library.

  “Now, sir, what can I do for you?”

  I took the will from my pocket and
laid it on the table before him.

  “You’ve seen this before, Mr. Hig-
gins ?”

 He picked it up and glanced at it
curiously, then recognizing it, his whole
attitude stiffened to attention.

 “Major Durham’s will! What does
this mean, sir?” He regarded me in-
tently.

  “I found it—where my father had it
hidden.”

 His face paled. “Then you are
not-”

 “George Evans? No—I'm Ralph Dur-
ham.”

 He scrutinized my face closely. I
could see that he was trying to recon-
cile my present personality with that of
the boy he had last seen fifteen years
before. At last I saw by his face that
he was convinced, but he pretended to be
skeptical for awhile longer.

  “Can you prove that?”
Ghost Stories

67

  “Of course. I have plenty of creden-
tials.” Then I grinned. “You might
ask Ruth. She recognized me imme-
diately last night.”

  His face softened and he came around
the table with outstretched hand.

  “Ruth would know,” he said huskily.
For a moment we stood, hands clasped,
searching each other’s faces, and each
seemed satisfied with what he saw.

  “You’ve kept her waiting a long time,
young fellow,” he said finally. “But it
was either you, or no one, with Ruth.”
“I know. She’s a wonderful girl, Mr.
Higgins—much too good for me. If I
don’t do everything in my power to make
up to her for those years of waiting,
from now on, I hope you’ll come gunning
for me.”

 “I promise you I will.” We both
laughed a bit shakily, coughed, blew our
noses, and then settled down to discuss
the will.

HE told me of being called in to wit-
ness it, a short time before father’s
death. “Mainly, I think,” he said, “be-
cause I was Ruth's father. He was
mighty fond of Ruth, the Major, and it

was the dream of his life that some day
you would return and marry her. He
didn’t want to raise any false hopes, so
he asked me to say nothing to her about
this will—and I never have.

  “In fact,” he added, “I don’t suppose
anyone but just those actually concerned
in drawing it up, knows about the mat-
ter. It’ll be a nine days wonder in this
town when the truth becomes known!”
We sat there in silence for awhile, then
he continued.

  “Dr. Nevins died shortly after your
father. The judge is still on circuit, but
he ought to be blowing in here one of
these days pretty soon. You’d better
stick around 'til he gets home, and he’ll
fix everything up for you in short order.
Always fond of you, the judge was. By
the way, when do you and Ruth figure
to get married?”

  “We haven’t talked about a date. As
soon as possible, if she’s willing.”

  As a matter of fact, we were married
within the month. Judge Wyckham re-
turned sooner than we expected and set
in motion the legal machinery necessary
to secure me my fortune. As Mr. Hig-
gins predicted, my return was the talk

of the town for many days, and they
haven’t stopped talking yet of the ec-
centric Major Durham and his diamonds.

  My step-mother, who was out of her
mind, we took care of until her death,
which occurred a short time after our
marriage. Little Mrs. Southwick, who
took the credit for bringing the Higgins
family and me together again, has been
made happy beyond her fondest dreams.
I gave her the old homestead as a
present.

  I’ve never told Ruth or anyone else
the true story of how I found my father's
will. Who would believe a thing so im-
probable?

  Yet it happened, and one other visita-
tion I received from my father, since
then. It was on the day of my marriage
to Ruth. The minister was pronouncing
us man and wife, there in a little church
we had attended as children, and, as I
glanced up at the bank of lillies about
us, once more I saw it, faintly, but dis-
tinctly—that kind old face of my father,
now smiling and happy. I knew then
that he was content.

 I might add that Ruth and I have
found great happiness since that day.

They Ranged a Phantom For Murder

                                  (Continued from page 31)

them together—and also to prevent any
fraudulent phenomena.

  The two young people began passing
out the slates at random to various per-
sons in the hall. It seemed almost a co-
incidence that the doctor and I should
each receive a pair. The doctor's slate
had one piece of white chalk on it.

  I took the pair of slates given me,
and examined them. They were one of
the pair the doctor had brought for us,
and had the three screws, which were
screwed down as firmly as when we had
placed them on the table. My pair con-
tained no chalk and I was greatly disap-
pointed as I was afraid I would receive
no message.

AFTER looking them over carefully,
and wiping them a few times with
my handkerchief to make sure they were
absolutely clean, I then laid them on the
floor and placed my foot on them.

  In the meantime the medium had gone
into a trance, or coma. Presently va-
rious persons began to feel as though
something was writing inside of their
slates, and very soon several of them
held up their slates, completely filled
with writing. One slate was in the
Morse Code, written to a telegraph
agent, while several were written in for-
eign languages—especially one, which
finally had to be read by a Chinaman.

  All at once I heard something scratch-
ing inside of Dr. Ralston’s slates and
presently he opened them to find this
message:

   “You won’t accomplish your de-
 sire tonight, and in the other world
 you will also be thwarted, as justice
 cannot be cheated.

(Signed) Your cousin,

               Joe Wakefield.”

 The doctor seemed very much dis-
pleased and disturbed by this message.

  Almost instantly I began to feel some-
thing vibrating and scratching between
my slates. After the scratching had
ceased, I opened my slates and found
this weird and uncanny message:

   “You will be face to face with
 Death this evening, and you will
 escape him, only to meet him „ter.
 Who knows what the outcome will
 be? I see a hangman’s noose coil
 and drop around your neck. You
 also will seem to lose something of
 great value.”

          (Signed) Your uncle,

        David Lenard Woods.”

  The cold sweat stood out on my fore-
head. I trembled as though stricken
with a siege of ague. But I hid my dis-
comfort as best I could, and kept Dr.
Ralston from looking at my message.

  After almost everyone had received a
message, either by slate or independent
answers to their questions, the medium
said he was in the right condition to give
a few demonstrations of materializing—
which amounts to having the dead re-
turn with seemingly their earthly bodies,
and converse with the living. The me-
dium then selected three men, of whom
I happened to be one, to come up behind
a screen placed for the occasion, and
strip him from head to foot to see that
he had no paraphernalia from which lie
might produce, or imitate, fraudulent
spooks.

  After we were all satisfied that he had
nothing to produce spooks with, we gave
him some silk pajamas to put on, then
we placed him in the cabinet. It was a
three sided affair, built for the purpose,
resembling a screen. After he was
seated inside this, we placed his feet

in a pan of meal.

  We also had a man, one of the three of
us, sit in the cabinet and hold his hands
all during the seance. This second
seance was conducted in semi-darkness,
yet it was quite light enough to dis-
tinguish different objects in the room.

THE medium went into a trance, and,
after a short wait, a white-like sub-
stance that reminded me of a spider
web, began to flow from his mouth.
Soon faces began to take form out of
this substance. Sometimes an arm
would appear, or a foot. Finally, to my
astonishment, a voice in the cabinet
which came from the medium’s mouth,
but which I would have known any-
where as my father’s, called out: "Doc-
tor Grey, come up to the cabinet. Your
father is here I”

  I walked up close, my nerves tingling.
I could hardly believe my eyes. There
stood my father! He was exactly
as I had known him in life, just be-
fore he died, except that he looked far
more radiant, and younger. Yet his
face wore a worried expression, as if he
had been having a great deal of trouble.

  “Charley, my boy,” he said in quiet
tones, “you are in terrible danger, and I
see much evil around you. I am afraid.
. . . But have courage—I will do all I
can to protect you. Give my love to
Nadine." Nadine is my wife’s name.

 He smiled at me and began melting
away, or dematerializing, until just his
head remained above the floor. His
radiant features gradually drew down
to an almost dazzling flash of light, then
he was gone completely.

  Believe me, if you think the slate mes-
sage unnerved me, you should have seen
me at that moment. By turns I became
icy cold and burning hot. I don’t think
68

Ghost Stories

there was a dry thread on me. The
doctor was greatly upset and now my
l>elief, which I had held from the first,
that he was a magician, grew stronger.
I fully believe that this was the first
time Dr. Ralston had been brought face
to face with the genuine goods. I had
better state, for those of you that may
lie skeptical, that twelve forms in all,
appeared at this materialization. Some
were children, of whom several were
not recognized, although most of the
spirits were. Many people went away
firm believers, while the skeptics went
away, as they came, saying it was the
work of the devil.

  After the meeting the doctor and I
both secured our slates by each paying
the sum of one dollar. I would gladly
have given a thousand dollars, or even
more, for the experience of seeing and
conversing with my father.

  On the way home the doctor started
in making insinuating remarks about
Miss Turner and myself. This kept up
until I could endure hi£ vile tongue no
longer. My blood boiled. I told him in
suppressed tones, about seeing him make
love to my wife. I was driving the car
at the time and as we were approaching
a bridge at the bottom of a steep hill,
with almost cat-like agility, he grabbed
the steering wheel out of my hands and
headed the car for the side of the bridge.

  To late I saw this fiend’s plan for
getting me to come to the meeting with
him. Now I realized why he didn’t ask
my wife to come along, for he intended
murdering me and having it appear as
accidental. Before I could check him
he headed the car straight through the
side of the bridge. There was a deep,
rock-strewn ravine below.

JUST before the car hit the bridge, the
doctor gave me a mocking laugh and
jumped, intending to land on the bank
ahead of the bridge. But lie must have
lost his footing, or the car gaining speed
altered his calculations, for he gave forth
the most fiendish cry of mortal terror I
have ever heard. It reminded me of a
rat that is cornered and knows that it is
going to die. I jumped just as the crash
came and managed to land on my hands
and knees on the bank ahead of the
bridge. The car went crashing down
below, to be smashed into complete
wreckage.

  Outside of a few cuts and bruises, I
was none the worse for the affair, al-
though my nerves were playing havoc
with me. I picked my way very cau-
tiously until at last I reached the bottom
of the ravine. Here I found what was
left of the car—and Dr. Ralston. He
was not dead when I arrived, but kept
moaning. I brought some water from
the stream and drenched him, which
seemed to brighten him up. At last lie
opened his eyes to stare at me.

  As soon as he recognized me, he
started cursing me, and saying: “You
win now, but damn you, I’ll win her yet!
And 1 will come back and haunt you
with hate then, as I am hating you now!"

  After that outburst of passion the
blood started flowing faster. A tremor
rocked his whole body. His eyes began
to glaze and roll upward. With his last
death rattle he wheezed out: “Damn
you, Grey!"

  The car was a total wreck. But among
the wreckage I found my slate. It was
unscathed, save for a few blurs. Dr.
Ralston's slate was demolished almost
beyond recognition.

  I walked about a mile down the road
until I came to a ranch. I told them
that we had had an accident and that
my companion, Dr. Ralston, was killed.
I had them summon an ambulance from
one of the undertakers in Los Angeles,
and also a taxi to pick me up.

 My wife was greatly shocked when
she learned the news of the doctor’s
death and how nearly I had come to be-
ing killed. She seemed greatly worried
about my slate when she read about the
hangman’s noose. She said she had been
having some messages coming to her
from her guides, that seemed to speak
of foreboding evil, but they always came
in sj-mbols she couldn't understand. I
tried to laugh it off, to keep her from
worrying. But I can't say I wasn't glad
when Dr. Ralston was put away for
keeps, into the cold, cold ground.

  Shortly before the doctor's death he
had started rumors around the town to
the effect that Miss Turner and I had
been carrying on an illicit love affair.
The scandal was started, and my pa-
tients began leaving me in such numbers
that I became frantic.

ABOUT this time a wisdom tooth be-
came ulcerated and I was obliged to
call in a dentist. After the dentist exam-
ined me he found another tooth that was
diseased and advised me to take gas
while he extracted them.

  I did not want this, but I finally con-
sented to take the anesthetic, and soon f
was under its influence. It seemed as
though I was floating in space and my
soul was freed from its encasement of
flesh. I felt so restful and calm, better
than I had felt for months, for the pass-
ing events had proven a terrible strain
on me.

  I seemed to be able to look down at
the dentist who was working on my
body. At times it seemed as though I
saw forms and faces flit by me, and I
seemed to catch fragments of thought
vibrations, part of which I couldn’t un-
derstand. Then almost at once, I was
jerked back into my body and I coidd
faintly hear the dentist saying to my
assistant: “He is coming out of it

O.	K.” Then he began pumping oxygen
into me. I felt almost angry at the
dentist for bringing me back to this
world of worry and strife.

  A few days later, I seemed to hear
Dr. Ralston’s voice calling to me and
saying: “Why don't you administer
yourself some gas and rest in peace and
contentment?”

  I tried to shake this feeling off, but at
last I couldn't stand it any longer, and
after telling my assistant that I was
through for the day and that she could
go, I locked the door and made ready to
take another peaceful soul flight and
explore the mysteries of the unknown.

 I was soon experiencing the same
ecstasies I had experienced on the pre-
vious occasion. Here was contentment,
peace and rest, and for a while I just
floated in the ether. I soon learned, by
a kind of mental vibration, that these
faces I had encountered were the souls

of men who once had lived on earth, but
through some laws that they had broken,
were doomed to be earth-bound. Some
of them were doomed to float about the
earth plane for centuries before they
would be able to work out their salva-
tion. I expected to see Dr. Ralston
among them. For, did he not have the
heart and soul of a murderer? But I
didn’t see anything of him. It seemed
as though I had been in this world of
spirits a long time, when in reality it
was but a few moments. I was grad-
ually pulled back into my earthly body,
and soon I gained consciousness again.

  I kept this secret practice up for sev-
eral months until it was beginning to
tell on me. Even my old friends who
had stuck to me while the scandal was
raging full blast, began winking and
tapping their heads as though they
thought I was losing my mind.

  At last came the day that I’ll never
forget—the day that brings this narra-
tive to a climax. The wife for several
days had been complaining of several
teeth that were almost driving her fran-
tic. She had insisted that I pull them,
but already, “My Lady of the Gas" had
fastened her tentacles on me, and I
didn’t want to be cheated out of the en-
joyment I derived from my new-found
revelation.

  I sent my asssistant away as usual,
which had become of late almost a daily
custom, and soon I had the mask over
my face and was thrilling from head to
foot with expectancy. At last 1 was
freed of my earthly carcass, but in giv-
ing the gas I must have been in too big
a hurry. Heretofore an elastic-like
silken cord held my soul to the body of
flesh. Now I felt it snap, and I shot
up into a void which I can’t describe
as space, as I seemed to be beyond the
control of gravity.

AS I shot upward I looked back. I
saw my earthly body topple from
the dentist chair and slump down in a
heap. Almost at once I heard a fiendish
laugh. I knew it to be Dr. Ralston’s,
and too late I realized his horrible pur-
pose!

  In a second, it seemed to me, I saw my
earthly body squirming around on the
floor, stretching first one arm out, then
another, and gradually get to its feet.
Then I saw my own face, distorted with
passion and lust, grinning at me in a
fashion that would put the devil him-
self to shame.

  I next saw my wife enter the room.
At first this puzzled me, but I remem-
bered I hadn’t locked the door as usual.
Dr. Ralston, in my body, walked up to
my wife and smiled, in my usual way.
He patted her on the back sympathet-
ically. What was going to happen next?

  He placed her in the chair and made
ready to extract her teeth. He adjusted
the mask over her face and began pump-
ing. I was frozen with horror. Wouldn’t
the fiend ever stop pumping? Then it
dawned on me that he was murdering
her. I couldn't utter a word of warning
and if I could have, I knew it would
never be understood because only thought
telepathy is effective on the astral plane.
My brain was paralyzed from the sheer
horror of the situation.

  At last my wife’s body slumped down
GHOST STORIES

69

in the chair and began getting rigid.
Then I saw her coming toward me with
her arms outstretched, and just as I
was going to hold her to me, I heard
that fiendish laughter I knew so well.
The next thing I knew Dr. Ralston had
grabbed my wife out from my grasp, and
the two of them floated upward clear
through the ceiling of the office, and
away to where I knew not.

  I spent what was to me years of agony
in search of my wife, but never a trace
of her. At last, worn out and heart
broken, I found myself back beside my
old body and by sheer will power, I
pried my way back into it. I had been
out of my earthly body only a few
minutes, yet it was long enough for the
doctor, allied with his band of black
artisans, to accomplish his fiendish deed.

  I came to earthly consciousness slow-
ly, hoping against hope that this was
only the fantasy of a tired, deranged
brain, but alas, I found my wife stretched
out on the floor just as I had looked
down upon her while in the astral plane.
I gathered her in my arms tenderly and
tried to bring her to life, but to no avail.
Finally I went for help, and what was
my surprise and anger when two officers
of the law placed me under arrest for
the murder of my wife. The irony of it!
The treasure I valued above all else.
And to think the world brands me as
her murderer!

  No wonder I pace back and forth in
my cell like some untamed animal. It is
not the fear to die, but the irony of
justice, as man knows it. For months
I was silent only to the extent that I
plead “not guilty,” which as God Al-
mighty is my judge, is the truth. I find
little consolation in the Bible, although
I have read it through three times. If

it were not for the knowledge of another
world and of spiritual truths and phe-
nomena, that I have proven, I wouldn’t
be consoled. But I know that out in
that Great Beyond, my beloved wife is
anxiously waiting for me, with all the
tenderness known to woman.

AFTER several months of grilling
and third-degreeing which I look
back on with horror, I at last confided in
my attorney these facts, which I have
here given to you. He laughed at me
and said I was crazy. God knows, some-
times, I think I am, with all the sorrow
and torment I have gone through. I
wouldn’t consent to be examined by an
alienist but, needless to say, I was placed
in the hands of three of the greatest
alienists in America and Europe and
they all agreed that I was sane. At any
rate, sane enough not to be excused from
paying the death penalty.

  The infallible finger print system used
in this country, if nothing else, doomed
me, for did not the police find my finger
prints all over my wife’s body, also over
the gas mask and pumping mechanism?

  Well, I was judged guilty of murder in
the first degree and now I wait the com-
ing of the day, at ten o’clock in the
morning, when I, an innocent man, will
pay the price by hanging by the neck
until dead. I await, not in fear, but
with rejoicing. For, will I not meet my
beloved wife? And, possibly justice
will not be cheated. It may be that it
will be Dr. Ralston who will pay the
price—not I.

(Signed) DOCTOR GREY.

 P. S.—This is the night before my
execution. I feel well—and happy. I
know that all will be well with me.

 Afterward: I, Madelyn Sharpe, the

management, circulation, etc.. required by the

fo» 0<^ber I 1920^ AUGUST 24. 1912. of GHOST STORIES, published monthly at Dunellen, N. J..

  State ot New York !

  County of New York f ”■

Before me, a Notary Public In and for the State and County aforesaid, personally appeared Harry A. Keller.

                    duly ®worn according to law. deposes and says that he is the editor of the GHOST
     STORIES, and that the following is, to the best of his knowledge and belief, a true statement of the owner-
     ship. management (and if a daily paper, the circulation), etc., of the aforesaid publication for the date
     shown in the above caption, required by the Act of August 24.1912, embodied in section 411. Postal Laws
     and Regulations, printed ou the reverse of this form, to wit:

     niat the names and addresses of the publisher, editor, mnnnplng editor, and business managers are■
  Publisher. Constructive Publishing Corporation, 1926 Broadway. New York City; Editor Harry A. Keller.
  3 Riverside Drive, New York City; Managing Editor, Joseph M. Roth, S41 Nepperhan Ave.. Yonkers, N. Y.
  Business Managers none.

     2.	That the owner is: (If owned by a corporation. Its name and address must be stated and also immediately
  funder names and addresses of stockholders owning or bolding one per cent or more of total amount

             °ot owned by a corporation, the names and addresses of the individual owners must be given.
  If owned by a firm, company, or other unincorporated concern, its name and address, as well as those of each;in-
  dividual member, must be given.) Constructive Publishing Corporation. 1926 Broadway, New York
  City. Stockholder: Macfadden Publications. Inc., 1926 Broadway, New York City. Stockholders in Macfadden
  Publications, Inc.. BernaiT Macfadden. West Nyack, New York;0. J. Elder. 276 Harrison St.. East Orange. N. J.

     3.	That the known bondholders, mortgagees, and other security holders owning or holding 1 per cent or
  more of total amount of bonds, mortgages, or other securities are: (If there are none, so state.) None.

     4.	That the two paragraphs next above, giving the names of the owners, stockholders, and security holders,
  if any, contain not only the list of stockholders and security holders as they appear' upon the books of the
  company but also, in cases where the stockholder or security holder appears upon the books of the company
  as trustee or in any other fiduciary relation, the name of the person or corporation for whom such trustee is
  acting, is given; also that the said two paragraphs contain statements embracing affiant's full knowledge and
  belief as to the circumstances and conditions under which stockholders and security holders who do not appear
  upon the books of the company as trustees, hold stock and securities in a capacity other than that of a bona
  fide owner; and this affiant has no reason to believe that any other person, association, or corporation has any
  interest direct or Indirect in the said stock, bonds, or other securities than as so stated by him.

     5.	That the average number of copies of each issue of this publication sold or distributed, through the mails

  or otherwise, to paid subscribers during the six months preceding the date shown above is__________(This

  Information is required from daily publications only.)

                                              (Signed) HARRY A. KELLER. Editor

    Sworn to and subscribed before me this 30th day of Sept.. 1926,	BELI.E LANDESMAN,

  [SEAL]	(My commission expires March 30, 1928.)

Get On “Uncle Sam’s” Pay Roll

*1140 to *3300

A YEAR

PICK YOUR JOB

Railway Postal Clerks
City Mail Carriers
City Postoffice Clerks
Clerks at Washington, D. C.

STEADY POSITIONS

These are sieady positions. Strikes, poor buslneat
conditions, lockouts or politics will not affect them.

$1,900 TO $2,700 A YEAR

Railway Postal Clerks get $1,900 the first year, being
paid on the first and fifteenth of each month. $78.00
each payday. Their pay is quickly increased, the maximum
being $2,700 a year. $112.50 each pay day.

PAID VACATION

Railway Postal Clerks have a yearly
vacation of IS working days (about 18

days). On runs they usually work 3 days
and have 3 days off duty or in the same
proportion. During this off duty and

vacation, their pay continues just at
though they were working. They
travel on a pass when on business and see
the country. When away from home
they get extra allowance for hotel. When
they grow old, they are retired with a
pension.

CITY MAIL CARRIERS
POSTOFFICE CLERKS

Clerks and Carriers now get $1,700 the
first year on regular and automatically
increase$100ayearto92,100and $2,300.
They also have 15 days' paid vacation.
Examinations are frequently held in the
larger cities. City residence is un-
necessary.

GENERAL CLERK
(Open to men and women 18 or over)

Salary $1,140 to $1,860 a year. Pleasant clerical work
in the various government departments at Washington,
D. C. and at various places throughout country.

IS YOUR JOB STEADY,?

Compare these conditions with your present or you*
prospective condition, perhaps changing positions fre-
quently, kicking around from post to pillar, no chance in
sight for PERMANENT employment: frequently out
ofa position and the year's average salary very low. DO
YOU EARN $1,900 EVERY YEAR? HAVE YOU
ANY ASSURANCE THAT A FEW YEARS FROM
NOW YOU WILL GET $2,100
to $2,600 A YEAR?

YOU CAN GET THEM
These positions are not hard to
get. Country residents and dty
residents stand equal chance.

GExperience la unnecessary, arid
litical Influence is not permitted,
t us show you how.

GET FREE LIST OF
POSITIONS
Fill out the following coupon.

Tear it off and mail it today—
now, at once.

DO IT NOW—This investment
of two cents for a postage stamp
may result in you getting a
Government Job.

.S'duiutir
my Qime ffu placed

FRANKLIN INSTITUTE
D.pt. D292, ROCHESTER, N. Y.

Kindly rush to me entirely free of charge (1) a full
description of the position checked below; (2) Sample
coaching lessons; (3) Free copy of 32-page book. " How To
Get a U. S. Government Job”; (4) A list of the U. S. Gov-
ernment Jobs now obtainable; (5) Send pointer), on how I
can get the position I have checked.

O Railway Postal Clerk...............(*1900-12700)

□	Postoffice Clerk....................<»1700-*2300)

□	City Mail Carrier..................($1700-*2100)

□	Rural Mail Carrier.................($2100-»3300)

□	General Clerk.....................($114C-*18M)

Name...__________________________________________

Address___________________________________________

Use This Coupon Before You Mislay It.
70

Ghost stories

only living relative of Dr. Grey, must
state that although all of Doctor Grey’s
wealth was spent along with what I had,
in the legal fight to save the doctor’s life,
we could do nothing. He was hanged by
the neck until dead.

But let no one dare say that he did
not go to the gallows like the brave man

that he was. He knew that he was in
the right.

  Also, I would like to state that a me-
dium in Europe, on the very afternoon
Doctor Grey was supposed to have mur-
dered his w'ife, received a slate message
describing in full the details as Doctor
Grey gave them to the public, but the

jury refused to credit it. A coincidence,
some will say. But let the skeptic laugh.
That is life.

 They hanged him? No, it was his
phantom they hanged, not the Doctor
Grey that had lived on earth. It was
his spirit they hanged. They could not
harm that!

Under The Spell of The Red Circle

                                  (Continued from page 45)

 down, and placed her hands on her hips.

 “Ah lak fer. t’ know how yo’ is gwine
 to heah noises when yo* make so much
 noise yo’self that-•"

 SHE turned bulging eyes suddenly upon
 the offending wall, holding up her
 hand. A faint thumping sound was
 heard by everyone, lasting but a moment.

 “Water pipe,” suggested Dr. Grover.
 “Togo is probably using an outside
 faucet.”

“N—no, suh,” Sam ventured; “de
watah pipe am undah de flo’, suh.”

 But the sound began again, this time
 a trifle fainter; a curious bumping or
 pounding noise, muffled, as though com-
 ing from a great distance.

“Dere yo’ is 1” cried Mammy Jane
triumphantly. “Dere’s yo’ noises. I’se
no fool 1”

 The sounds ceased abruptly.

“What’s on the other side?" asked
T ravers.

“Mammy’s room,” said Evelyn.

 “Ah gets it cornin’ an’ goin’l” cried
 Mammy Jane. “If I’m heah, I heahs it.
 an’ if I’m dere ah heahs it. But all
 allows I’m done t’rough heahin’ it from
 now on. Ah packs up today 1”

"Now, Mammy,” said Dr. Grover,
“you’ve been packing up ever since
you’ve been here. Just catm yourself

and-”

 “Clam mahself nuthin’l”

“Probably rats,” ventured Evelyn,
if-”

Suddenly there was a loud crash in
the dining-room, and the group rushed
in to find a large painting on the floor,
lying in the center of the carpet, right
at the edge of the table. Fragments of
glass were scattered around it.

“The wire broke,” said the doctor,
picking it up. "Strange that it fell so
far from the wall.”

 “But—the wire isn’t broken 1” cried
 Robert, “and look—the nail is still in
 the wall!”

“D-d-d-dis h-house am ha’nted I"
gasped Mammy Jane, seizing Sam, who
recoiled as if he had been shot.

 "Don’t skeer me dat way, woman!" he
 cried, trembling.

 The doctor glanced at the painting,
 and then at the wall.

“A distance of ten feet,” he said,
puzzled. “This frame is too heavy to
roll. The nail is still there, the wire is

as good as ever; there’s no wind-"

 A sudden sound arrested their atten-
 tion. coming from the living-room. It
 was a weird, mocking laugh, that rose
 to a shrill, unearthly crescendo!

Evelyn screamed and tottered, and
Travers rushed forward to catch her

 just as a large black object bounded
 from the living-room into their midst;
 jumped to the table, glaring at them
 with eyes of fire, and jumped to the
 floor. Dr. Grover whipped out his auto-
 matic and fired at it.

 ‘The cat!” gasped Travers, supporting
 the limp form of Evelyn.

 “Missed him,” grunted the doctor sav-
 agely, as the animal escaped through the
 kitchen door. "I’ll get him.”

 He ran out, and they heard him gasp:
 “Gone! How did the devil get out?
 The back door’s closed!’'

 Evelyn was moaning, trembling vio-
 lently in Travers' arms, as the doctor
 rushed into the room again.

“Evelyn!” he cried; “Evelyn-”

 Her eyes fluttered and opened as they
 carried her hastily to a chair. Her lips
 trembled, and she stared at them with
 a crazed, terrified expression, struggling
 violently.

 “Let me go!” she screamed in a shrill
 voice. Then she saw Travers, and
 smiled, rising.

 “Anthony!" she cried joyously, extend-
 ing her arms toward him “Save me,
 Anthony!”

 He held out his arms impulsively, and
 the doctor and Mrs. Grover released her,
 staring as she crept close to Travers
 and kissed him upon the lips.

“Evelyn-” cried Robert, taking a

 step toward them. The doctor placed a
 hand on his shoulder.

 “Wait, Bob,” he cautioned, as Travers
 forced her away from him and held her
 at arms length.

“Don’t you know me?” cried Evelyn
in a quaint, high voice. “I am Marie,
your wife—Marie Jacques.”

 “What?” cried Travers, aghast. “Your

father is—is Captain Jacques-”

 He stared at the doctor.

 “Yes, Anthony," cried the girl, holding
 his face between her slim hands; “my
 father—your uncle, Anthony—where is
 he?”

“Good God!” gasped Travers weakly.
He took a deep breath and glanced at
the others grimly.

 “Let us face this here and now,” he
 said, his face pale, eyes flashing.
 “Doctor?"

 “Yes,” cried Dr. Grover, nodding, “go
 ahead, Professor.”

He motioned for the others to sit
down.

 “Marie,” said Travers softly, putting
 an arm about her, “what has happened?"

 She was about to answer when a low,
 wailing sound came from somewhere in
 the house. She swayed and fell, gasp-
 ing: “Father!"

Dr. Grover rushed forward and he

and Travers caught her.

 “Fainted I” grunted the doctor.
“Mammy—water; quick 1”

  Then, as from a great distance, they
heard once again that diabolical, mock-
ing laugh!

“CHE’S coming to,” said the doctor,
handing back the glass of water to
the trembling negress.

  Evelyn opened her eyes.

 “Oh—Daddy!" she cried. “I must
have fainted.”

  “You did,” her father answered grim-
ly, glancing at Travers, who had started
from the room.

“Where are you going, Professor?"
“I’m going to explore the house,” said
Travers. “That weird laugh—that moan-
ing; it must come from somewhere.”
He strode into the living-room, and
Evelyn rose from the floor weakly.

  “I’ll be all right, Daddy. What—what
has happened?”

 “Wh-wh-what has happened?" gasped
Sam, suddenly finding his voice; “—de
house am ha’nted. Mammy’s right,
dis-”

  “Silence, Sam,” said the doctor stern-
ly. "You and Mammy pull yourselves
together, and clear up the dishes.”

  “It—it’s all right, dis pullin’ togedder
bizness,” gasped Sam, “but when ah
heahs dat knockin’ and groanin’ an’ dat
debblish laff, ah knows I’ll done fall
apaht ag’inl”

  Mrs. Grover comforted the terrified
negro woman.

 “Sam, you ought to be ashamed 01
yourself!” she said. “You're more
frightened than Mammy Jane, and you’re
a man.”

  Mrs. Grover was far from being calm
herself, and Robert was trembling visibly.
As for Mammy, she was speechless and
gray with fright.

  “Come," said the doctor. “Let us go
to the living-room. Sam, pick up that
picture and hang it up again. And quit
shaking.”

  “Y-y-yes, suh.”

THE kitchen door opened, and Togo,
the gardener, canie in, pausing as he
saw that the dining-room door was open,
and the family staring at him.

  "Ah, Togo!” said the doctor. "I ex-
pect he wants his dinner, Mammy Jane.”
The negress stirred feebly, and went
into the kitchen.

  “Did you see the cat, Togo?” asked
the doctor.

  “Me no see cat,” the Japanese replied.
  “Where were you?”

  "Sweep out garage—just now lock up.”
  “Have you kept your eyes open all
GHOST STORIES

71

  day, for any strange occurrences-"

 "Yes, Doctor,” the Oriental affirmed,
 nodding. "Me hear shot while ago.
 Yes?”

 The doctor laughed grimly.

 “Yes, I fired at that confounded cat.
 Have your supper, Togo, and when you
 get through, report to me in the living-
 room.”

 “Yes sir.”

The doctor put his arms around
Evelyn, and Mrs. Grover and Robert
followed them into the next room.

 "I’m going to put on a guard,” Dr.
 Grover said, as they seated themselves
 before the fireplace.

 "A guard?” exclaimed Mrs. Grover.
 "Yes; every night. The professor,
 myself, Togo and Sam. Can you stay
 tonight, Robert?”

 "Why,” exclaimed Briton, paling, "I—

I could-”

 “But you'd rather not, eh?” said the
 doctor, grinning. “Well, I don't want
 you to, against your will. Do you be-
 lieve that the house is haunted, Bob?”

 "I don't know what to believe,” said
 Robert. “Those odd noises; that picture
 falling, in the center of the room, too;
 that strange laugh, and that big black
 cat-”

 “I know, it’s all a puzzle. But surely,
 you don’t think it is all due to super-
 natural causes?”

 “No—I don’t believe in spirits; that’*
 all tommyrot.”

 Evelyn forced a wan smile.

 "Neither do I, Bobby,” she said.

 “Of course it's absurd,” began the
 doctor. . . .

 A step was heard on the stairs, and
 they started, and glanced up. It was
 Travers, who descended rapidly and
 came towards them.

“Doctor Grover,” he said gravely,
“how do you get into the attic?”

 “Why—there are two attics, Professor.
 This is the old section of the house we’re
 in now. The attic to this is reached
 through the closet upstairs. You'd have
 to take a step-ladder, and raise a square
 trap-door in the ceiling. I expect it’s
 pretty dujty.”

 Travers took a seat.

 “Has it been opened recently?”

“Not for years. When we had the
house wired, is the last time; that’s been
twenty years ago or more. Before
Evelyn was born.”

 “Nothing is stored there, then:’’

 “No, not in either attic. We use the
 cellar for that. It’s quite large. The
 other attic is entered through a trap-
 door in the same manner, placed in the
 ceiling of the hall.”

“Well—do both upper sections con-
nect?”

 "Yes; through the hall upstairs. The
 door in the end leads in to it, but we
 keep it closed because the four guest
 rooms in that section are seldom used.
 But why do you ask about the attics?''
 Travers shrugged.

 "I was wondering if they were used.
 Judging from the outside, they are quite
 commodious.”

 The doctor nodded.

 "But too inaccessible.”

 THEY talked at some length about the
 general construction of the house.
 An odd feature was brought to light:

 the inner walls of the downstairs portion
 of the old building were of brick, plas-
 tered over, and Travers suggested the
 possibility of a secret passage.

  "Very improbable,” said the doctor.
"The outside walls are three feet thick,
being built to withstand attack, and the
rest of the old section conforms to stur-
diness throughout. The inner walls are
only two feet thick, and even allowing
a single wall of bricks on each side, the
space would hardly be large enough for
a passage. The original shutters were
massive things, with loop-holes so that
occupants could fire on an enemy from
within.”

  Travers wondered if the walls were
all solid, and the doctor mentioned the
difficulty the electricians and plumbers
had in drilling through-them at various
points.

  Togo and Sam entered, and the doc-
tor explained his plan of guard duty,
Travers nodding approval. The family
would retire at nine, and Sam could take
the first shift, from nine to twelve. The
old negro was quite dubious, however,
and wanted to know if the lights could
be left on.

  “Why, Sam,” laughed the doctor, “if
it was dark, and. a burglar should come,
he couldn't see you.’^

 “Ah duno, suh,” exclaimed the old
negro. “Ah’m not so skeered ’bout bug-
glers, suh, as ghosts, and ghosts is
skeered ob light.”

  Travers put him at ease by stating
that he would work on the ancient code
in the library until twelve, when he
would relieve Sam and patrol the house
until two-thirty. It was finally decided
that the doctor would take the next shift,
from two-thirty to four-thirty, after
which Togo would officiate.

  “Now that that’s settled,” exclaimed
Evelyn, "let’s go to the music-room and
liven up this old house a bit. It’s enough
to give one the creeps without contin-
ually talking about it.”

EVELYN played the piano for them,
and Travers was agreeably surprised
by her deft artistry. He had studied
music himself when a boy, and had com-
posed an opera when he was twenty-one
that had been praised highly but had
never been produced.

  "She had two years at a conservatory
in Boston,” Mrs. Grover said, “and was
doing remarkably well up until her ac-
cident. When she becomes stronger,
she must resume her studies.”

  “By all means,” exclaimed Travers.
He requested a few numbers, and lis-
tened with rapt attention to a delicate
rendition of Rachmaninoff's Prelude, fol-
lowed by Brahm’s eccentric Hungarian
dance Number Five.

 She turned and beamed upon them.
"It seems so good to be up and about,”
she said. “And this old house needs
music to enliven it.”

  "Evelyn doesn't play ragtime,” re-
marked Robert, as if this was a pardon-
able defect.

 “Neither do I,” laughed Travers.
“Somehow, I can’t accept the mood. It
seems—barbaric.”

  "Oh; do you play?” exclaimed Evelyn,
rising. “Please let us hear you.'’
Travers shook his head.

  •‘I’m all out of practice; besides, I

would be apt to reflect the mood 01 this
old manse.”

  He glanced up at the massive, dark-
ened beams. Evelyn laughed, and came
over and seized him by the hand.

  “Please!’’ she pleaded. “If you want
to, you can start off with the Ghost
Dance!"

  He laughed, and rose.

  “Go as far as you like, Professor 1”
said the doctor.

  “I might ask you to turn off the
lights,” warned Travers, smiling, as he
seated himself at the piano.

  He played the Ghost Dance, falling
into the mood and weirdly improvising,
sweeping into the crashing staccato
chords with powerful, nimble fingers;
then on into Peer Gynt, transcribing the
ominous portent of the ancient house in
improvisation.

  “Oh 1” exclaimed Evelyn, as he finished,
“that was creepy I Ugh I I could see
grinning skeletons and hideous ogres
peeking at us 1”

  “I’ll say it was creepy 1” exclaimed
Robert. “You certainly can play, Pro-
fessor.”

  At Evelyn’s request Travers played
Liszt’s Hungarian Rhapsody Number
Two, from memory. It had been two
years since he had played it, but it was
one of his favorites, and he played with
a facile, expressive adroitness that held
Evelyn in rapt ecstacy. Robert, how-
ever, stirred uneasily during the slow
opening portion, wondering what people
could see in classical music.

  He recalled Evelyn’s impulsive caress,
bestowed upon Travers while in her
strange lapse of identity. He glanced
sullenly at the professor. Travers had
not evaded the kiss, he had noted; it
seemed rather that he had responded
affectionately—too affectionately.

  Evelyn was mad, perhaps. He was
engaged to a crazy person. For some
reason, the doctor and Mrs. Grover had
kept the truth from him. He resented
this; their explaining that Evelyn’s at-
tacks were hallucinations. But why
should they encourage a stranger like
Travers to become amorously attentive
toward her? Evelyn hadn’t known what
she was doing when she kissed Travers.

THE professor swept into the finale
of the rhapsody unaware of the
brooding resentment of young Briton,
though Evelyn was conscious of Robert’s
unusual solemnity, attributing it, how-
ever, to the disquieting occurrences of
the day.

  “Bobby looks positively bored 1” she
laughed, as Traverg rose. “That was
splendid, Professor.”

  “Oh,” exclaimed Robert, flushing, “I
suppose I’m sleepy.”

  “Why,’’ said the doctor, glancing at
the clock in the living-room; “it’s only
eight o’clock.”

  Robert rose.

  “I really must get back to Richmond,
and it’s a long drive.”

  The doctor suggested that he remain
over night.

  “Not by a jug-full!” Robert said em-
phatically. “I’ve, had enough excite-
ment for one day. This place gets un-
der my skin. That strange laugh, and
those noises are too much for me.’’

  The doctor shrugged.
72

G 110 S T ST0R1E S

  "They’re too much for us, too," he said
grimly. "I confess that I am completely
at a loss to account for the disturbances."

  Evelyn saw Robert off in the car,
while the others gravely forced them-
selves to face the mysterious facts. Mrs.
Grover was the most cheerfully disposed,
attributing the noises to natural causes
that would be later explained. The doc-
tor and Travers were both thankful for
her placid scepticism.

' Evelyn returned, frowning, and Mrs.
Grover gave her a startled glance.

  “Why, dear, you look cross about
something!”

  Evelyn shrugged.

  “Oh, it's Bob. We—we quarreled,”
she said briefly. “I—I think I’ll turn in,
if you don't mind.”

  There was an embarrassing silence.
Mrs. Grover rose, and glanced at her
husband.

  “I think I’ll stay with Evelyn tonight,
John. You’ll excuse us, Professor?"

  “Of course.”

  “I'll be up later, Ann. Good night."
“Good night,” she said, smiling upon
the professor, who bowed, and she and
Evelyn turned toward the stairs.

THE doctor rang for Sam, and the
aged negro appeared timidly and ap-
proached them.

  “Sam,” said Dr. Grover, “the profes-
sor and I arc going in to the library.
Fix us some mint juleps and bring
them in.”

   “Yes, suit.”

  The old servant started oft" with
alacrity.

  “And Sam."

  “Yes, sub?”

  “You can fix one for yourself. You
might need it.”

  “Y-y-yes, suh.”

  The doctor grinned at Travers, and
led the way into the library, where they
sat down and lit cigars.

  “Sam's in a bad way,” remarked
Travers.

  “I can't say as I blame him,” replied
the doctor, stroking his beard thought-
fully. “Those noises; that picture fall-
ing—that laugli. Of course, all negroes
are superstitious. But, we’ve never been
troubled before like this. It's so damned
uncanny. Of course Mammy Jane has
thought she heard noises in the kitchen
before, but we all laughed at her. But,
confound it we all heard them tonight.
And then a heavy picture, weighing all
of forty pounds, jumps from the wall
and lands in the center of the room.
The wire is unbroken, the nail still in
the wall. And a weird, sardonic laugh,

coming from nowhere-”

He threw up his hands helplessly.
"What can you make of it?” he said.
“And poor Evelyn; she called you
‘Anthony,’ didn't she? Said she was—
your wife I”

  Travers was lost in thought.

  “Yes,” lie said at length. “Doctor; I
want you to tell me some more about
>our dealings with that human devil,
Tracy.”

  Dr. Grover frowned.

  “There isn't much more that I can tell.
He's dead now, and I suppose his or-
ganization is scattered.”

  “The Red Circic," said Travers. “I
mean, what took place between you and

Tracy when he had the audacity to
visit you?”

  “Well," said the doctor, “as I told you,
Tracy and his confounded Red Circic
wanted this house. The first attempt
was made by letter from a real estate
man in Williamsburg, stating that a
client desired this estate, and wanted to
know my terms. I wrote stating that
the place was not for sale. About two
weeks later. I received another letter
from -the same agent, making a cash
offer of fifty thousand dollars. I have
enough money to get along comfortably,
and the offer was nothing startling. I
refused.”

  He flicked the ash from his cigar.
Sam appeared with the mint juleps, and
served them with a proud deference.

 “Sam’s a past master at making
juleps,” said the doctor. “He even has
a bed of selected mint that lie grows
himself.”

  “Real southern hospitality," smiled
Travers, sipping the delectable beverage.

 “That will do, Sam. And when nine
o'clock strikes, report to me for orders.”

 The butler bowed resignedly, and
ambled out.

  “Well,” said the doctor, “after refus-
ing to sell the second tiir>e, I considered
the matter settled. However, I received
another offer, this time of seventy-five
thousand dollars. Someone evidently
wanted the old place pretty badly. But
I refused, writing that it was not for
sale at any price.

  “A month passed, and I got a letter,
postmarked Richmond, warning me to
evacuate the premises within two weeks,
or I would be sorry. It was typewritten,
and without signature.”

  “Hm!” Travers looked thoughtful.

  “I turned the letter over to the au-
thorities, along with the others. The
agent was arrested on suspicion, and
explained that a woman of about forty
years of age, fashionably dressed, had
requested him to buy the place for her.
The police looked up her address at a
hotel in Richmond, and found that she
had moved, leaving no trace. The agent
was 110 doubt innocent, and was re-
leased. But the police could not trace
the warning letter.

  “Four days later I received a second
warning. This time Togo happened to
be behind a hedge, and saw a man sneak
into the driveway and deposit the letter
in the mail box, and hastily depart. The
Jap was suspicious, and ran in and in-
formed me. We got out my car, and
started in pursuit. The man was in the
act of stepping in a car when we turned
into the highway, and saw us, hastily
starting his machine and speeding away.

  “My Locomobile can do eighty miles
an hour when pressed, and Togo gave
chase, gradually gaining on the man,
whom we saw was alone. I keep a re-
volver in the car, and I got it out and
as we drew alongside I ordered the
fellow to stop his machine. He saw
that I meant business, and did so. He
was a pale, emaciated man of about
thirty-five, and professed indignation at
being detained, denying that he had de-
livered the letter. We made him get
into the car, and drove back to the
house, and while Togo and Sam guarded
him, I examined the letter. Sure enough,
it was another warning, unsigned, as

usual, and I was informed that I had
ten more days to get out.”

  Dr. Grover laughed.

 “To leave my own house!” he said.
“I phoned the police. They took the
fellow in custody, and while on the way
to the police station, he made an attempt
to escape, jumping from the car. They
fired- at him, and he dropped. The bul-
let had pierced his lung. They brought
him back to me tor professional atten-
tion, but the poor devil was past all
help. He was rather sickly anyway,
and the end came fast. But before he
died, Travers, he grew hysterical, gasp-
ing out ‘the Red Circic—I am damned!

I questioned him pitilessly. ‘Ronald
Tracy,’ he gasped, and mumbled an ad-
dress, which we took down, and then
he passed out.”

  He paused, blowing a cloud of smoke
toward the ceiling.

  “The rendezvous of Tracy's Red Circic
cult was found at the address given, in
Richmond, and the place raided. The
chief himself escaped. Travers, we
found men and women and children,
virtual prisoners in this terrible place,
most of them stark mad. One of the
women confessed, as you will no doubt
recollect from the newspaper headlines,
exposing the diabolical practises.

  “Tracy, however, could not be located.
And seven days later I received the
third warning, by mail, postmarked
Richmond—but. Professor, this time
there was a signature. It was a circle,
drawn in red ink!”

 “Ah! the masquerading was over.
They decided to come from under cover,
eh?”

  “Exactly. The police sent a detail oi
two picked men to guard this house.
On the third day they were here, the
day I was supposed to pack up and get
out, a man was seen creeping across
the lower end of the estate. The de-
tectives gave chase, and they had no
sooner disappeared when a car swept
into the driveway, and a tall man
dressed in black stepped out and ap-
proached the house, leaving the chauffeur
waiting in the car. I saw him approach
the house from this window,” he said,
indicating a window that faced the front,
“and Sam answered his ring, bringing
me this card.” • •

HE took a bill fold from his pocket
and handed Travers a calling card,
upon which was the neat engraved
inscription:

Dr. Ronald Tracy

 “The nerve of the man!” exclaimed
Travers.

 “I told Sam to send him in. Tin-
man entered. He was tall and thin,
with a positively satanic cast of coun-
tenance; pale, with piercing black eyes
deeply set, and thin lips that bore a
peculiar, sarcastic smile. He bowed, and
extended his bony hand.

  “ ‘Good morning, Dr. Grover,’ he said;
‘you are no doubt surprised to see me.'
I ignored his hand, and he grinned.

  “ ‘You know that you are wanted b>
the police?’ I asked him. ‘Oh, that!’ he
laughed, leering at me. ‘You and the
bungling police have slightly annoyed
nu'.' In- said, still with that sarcastic
G II O S T S TORI E S

73

smile and leer that made me furious.

  “‘What is your business here?' I de-
manded. ‘You are quite a capable sur-
geon, Doctor,’ he said. ‘I have always
wanted to look into the brain of a
surgeon.’

  “The way he said it is hard to de-
scribe. It chiliad me to the bone.

  “‘Come to the point 1' I retorted;
‘what is your mission?’

  “He grinned at me in his cool, cal-
culating way.

  " ‘Briefly, Doctor,’ he said, ‘I want this
house. It is indispensable in my work.
I mean to have it.’

  “‘Is that sol’ I exclaimed. ‘That is
interesting, I must say. As the house
is mine, and I intend to remain, I am
afraid that you will be disappointed.'
‘Hardly disappointed, Doctor,’ he said;
'you can remain, if you wish/ He
laughed again. ‘And now,’ he grinned,
‘I want you to come and consult with
me on an operation I am going to per-
form.’ ’’

  Travers shuddered.

  “‘I am sorry, Tracy,’ I said, ‘but 111
have to hold you until the detectives re-
turn.’ He was not the least disturbed.
‘They will never return!’ he laughed.
‘I've fixed that.’ Travers, he seemed to
actually gloat over me, if you can un-
derstand. ‘Are you coming with me?'
he asked, ‘or must I use force?’ All the
time he stood, placidly eyeing me. It
was diabolical.

  “I told him that we would both re-
main, and that I would send for the
Williamsburg police. I was about to
rise when suddenly I was seized from
behind by powerful arms and a gag
placed over my mouth. It was incred-
ible; I was facing the door, and 110 one
could have entered without me seeing
them. The windows were open, but
screened. Yet, two of Tracy’s accom-
plices were binding my wrists! They
must have gotten into the house and
remained hidden behind that Japanese
screen. There I was, gagged, bound,
and helpless, in my own house; under a
police guard, with Togo and Sam some-
where about, and Mammy Jane and my
wife upstairs I
“Then a surprising thing happened:
Tracy suddenly fell to the floor in a
fit, and the men bent over him. He
became rigid, his eyes seeming the only
animate part of him. His emaciated
face was bathed in perspiration. The
automobile horn sounded a warning, and
the men hastily lifted Tracy and started
to carry him out. Can you guess what
happened next?”

  Travers shook his head.

  “Most anything, I imagine.”

 "“Sam saved the day! Unknown to
me, he had suspected my mysterious
caller, and armed with a double-barreled
shotgun, he appeared suddenly and
pointed it at them.

  “‘Jes’ freeze to d’ floor!’ he told them.
‘Ah’s pow’ful nervous, an’ dis heah gun
speaks mighty easy!’ ”

  Travers uttered an exclamation.
“Hooray for Sam! I wouldn’t have
thought it possible.”

 “Well, sir, old Sam called Mammy
Jane and my wife, and they released me.
I rang for the police, telling them of the
disappearance of the detectives, and my
capture of Tracy and his confederates.

Sam and Mammy stood guard over the
lot, while I turned my attention to
Tracy, who lay on the floor without
power of speech or motion. It looked
like a case of traumatic neurosis, but of
course there was 110 wound. His pulse
was a trifle high, his temperature around
a hundred and five. It was nothing
more or less than a sort of trance. He
remained in that condition until the
police arrived. The rest you probably
know—his conviction, and sentence to
prison.”

  Travers nodded.

  “Also his escape. I hadn’t heard of
his death, though, until you told me.
So, then, up until recently, you haven't
been troubled by the Red Circle?"

  ‘‘Not a bit. Only by Evelyn’s un-
fortunate obsessions.”

  They were silent. The heavy silence
of the ancient house hung like a brood-
ing omnipotence about them, broken
only by the distant booming of the living-
room clock as it struck the hour of nine.

  Then footsteps sounded faintly 011 the
stairs.

TRAVERS peeped 'cautiously out the
door, and laughed.

  “Only Sani,” he said, grinning at Dr.
Grover. “My nerves must be on edge."

  The old negro entered respectfully.

  “Yes, suh; it’s nine o’clock, suh.”

  “All right, Sam,’' said the doctor.
“You will go on patrol right away.
Have you got that automatic handy?”

  “Yes, suh.”

  The doctor explained that he was to
go slowly and quietly through all parts
of the house every half hour, and to
report any suspicious noise or occur-
rence.

  “You’d better do your roaming in your
stockings, Sam,” the doctor suggested,
“because we don’t want to awaken Mrs.
Grover and Evelyn. We’ll leave the
lights on, if you wish. You seem to be
afraid of the dark. The old section of
the house is all we’ll bother with to-
night. The hall door upstairs is locked
from this side, and we’ll lock the rest
of the doors leading to the new por-
tion-”

  “I’d patrol the entire house,” said
Travers, “and unlock and re-lock the
doors. Each window should be exam-
ined, with only a few opened at the
top for air, and the rest locked. Sup-
pose we all go around together the first
time?"

THIS was effected, each outside door
being discovered locked. The win-
dows were examined, some being dropped
a few inches at the top to admit air.
One globe in each room was left burn-
ing. Both attics were entered by Trav-
ers, and found to be empty and terribly
dusty. And finally, the cellar was ex-
plored, and its only entrance, on the
outside of the building, securely locked.
Mrs. Grover had retired with Evelyn,
and had locked their door from the in-
side. The door of the hallway leading
from the old section to the new was
locked, and the trio returned to the
library.

  “All’s well,” said the doctor. “Now,
Sam, every half hour you can repeat
the excursion. Mr. Travers will relieve
vou at twelve."

“She’s the best
girl in the office”

“Shb hasn’t been here as long as some of
the other girls, but she knows ten times at
much about this business. I’ve watched
her work during the last six months espe-
cially—ever since I heard she was study-
ing at home with the International Corre-
spondence Schools. I know she’s ready for
bigger work and I’m going to give her
Miss Robinson’s position at a raise in salary.
I wish we had more girls like her.”

   Why don't you study some special subject and
prepare to earn more money? There’s no surer way
to do it than by studying at home in spare time with
the International Correspondence Schools.

    The I. C. S. has a number of courses especially
 arranged for vromen. Some I. C. S. women students
 are making as high as $35, $50. $75 and $100 a
 week as private secretaries, artists, expert letter
 writes, pharmacists, assistants in ciiemical labora-
 tories, high-priced sales executives, office manager*,
 advertising writers and in Civil Service and banking.

   Mark and mail the coupon and we'll be glad to
■end you interesting, descriptive booklets telling whit
the I. C. S. can do for you.

Mail the Coupon for Free Booklet

   INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

Box 7569, 8crant#n. Penna.

    The oldett ond largetl correspondence • choolt in t\§ worli

    Without cost or obligation, please lend me your 48-psge
 booklet. How Woman Are Getting Ahead, tad toll a*
 how I can Qualify for the position or la the tubjwt totalt
 which I huvo marked an X:

  □Advertising
  □Private Secretary
  □Assistant Bank
  Cashier
  □Accounting
  Chemistry
  l’harmac7
  Business English

 ~ Sh

 Salesmanship
 Better Letter*
 Stenographer and
 Typist
 □ Show Card Lettering

Clrtl Serriet

High Bohool BubjMlt

Illustrating

Cartooning

Bookkeeping

Business Law

Corporation ftantary

Architecture

Drafting

 Telegraphy
 Window Trimming
 Railroad Clerk
 Dressmaking
 Millinery

Nam*...................................................................

 Street

Address.....................................................................

City..................................Stoto............................................

 If VOX reside in Canada, send this oettpon to Ik# Interna-
 tional Correspondence Behooli Canadian Limited, Uontr—I

You Cannot Tell This Rin{ From The Genuine Diamond

LOOK PROSPEROUS

 Wear this man's ring with
 the “Corona” diamond.
 JO	Any man will be justly

 proud to own this hand-
 some ring. Closely re-
 sembles genuine diamond.
 Heavy Gold Shell Gypsy
 with Finest Cut 32 Facet
 White Stone 1 H Kt. Only »2.i»

$22

Beautiful Tiffany Ring

Any woman will bo delighted to ra-
ceive thia beautiful 11/2 Kt. Gold
Shell Tiffany Rina set with finest rut
brilliant White Stone Corona Dia-
mond. Dazzling:, fascinating, spark-
lings tone—rich, alluring. It compels

OZ!

  For size, cot atrip of paper long: enoosh to fit eongij aroant
  finn’er and a end with order. Satisfaction or rxtortmr refunded
  SEND NO MONEY. Pay poatman oar priea piue postace.

UNIVERSAL SALES CO., 2S9 Broadway
D*pt. C. S., N*w York
74

Ghost Stories

 "Yes suh,” replied Sam, somewhat
weakly.

  “And now, I think I’ll turn in. Are
you coming up, too, Professor?”

  “No,” said Travers; “I think I’ll stay
up, as I want to go over this code.”

 He took the ancient diary from his
pocket, and drew up a chair to the doc-
tor’s writing desk, and Dr. Grover bid
him good night, and departed, with a
parting remark to Sam to keep a careful
watch. The old negro followed the doc-
tor into the living-room.

 “D—dat laugh we heerd, suh-”

 “Yes?” the doctor asked, sharply.
“Are you afraid, Sam?”

  “Well, suh, ah’s not ’fraid ob bugglers.

But when ghosts is concerned, ah-”

  “Don|t be foolish!” snapped the doc-
tor, irritably. “You darkies seem to be
a superstitious lot. The lights will all
be on in every room, and the professor
will be in the library until it is his turn
to relieve you. Forget it. I’m going
to bed.”

  Travers found the mysterious cipher
an enigma. The long deceased Andrew
Brainard might possibly have written it
in either French or English; that was
what made it doubly difficult of solution.
No doubt it was a simple code: letter
for letter. The first page occupied his
labors for two hours, during which time
Sam made the rounds of the house four
times, yet he was no nearer a solution
than when he started. All of the letters
were run together, and comparative elim-
ination was difficult.

  Sam made another round of the house,
and at eleven-fifteen Travers told him
that he could retire, much to the old
negro’s relief.

 He went through the house slowly,
trying every door ar.d window, stopping
in his room to put on a pair of felt
slippers, and to obtain his revolver and
a flashlight. The upstairs rooms in the
new section were given a careful scru-
tiny, Travers making sure that the win-
dows were all locked. He then switched
off the lights, and closed the hall door
and locked it, putting the key in his
pocket. The rest of the upper part of
the house, containing his own room,
Evelyn’s, and the Grovers’, seemed in
peaceful order. He heard the deep
breathing of the doctor coming through
the partly opened door of his room.
Mrs. Grover and Evelyn were no doubt
peacefully sleeping behind the locked
door of Evelyn’s room. He left the
hall light burning.

  Downstairs, Travers closed the win-
dows and locked the doors of the rooms
not in use, and retired to the library to
study the old diary with its baffling
cipher. The way the letters were all
run together in unbroken lines across
the page tried his patience, until sudden-
ly he found a single instance where a
line was broken, at the bottom of a
page. Possibly it was a signature:

TQSOIB JOTXQTOS

  “Can it be that of Andrew Brainard?”
he exclaimed. Then he gave a start of
excitement. The number of letters were
identical. Moreover, certain letters were
repeated. It was, without a doubt, the
code signature of Brainard, made in a
careless moment.

  “At lastl” Travers muttered.

  He made out a chart, starting with
the letters gained:

A   : T N . : Q 
B   : J   0     
C :       P     
D : : S   Q     
E   : I   R : 0 
F :     S ;     
G       T :     
H       U :     
I : X   V :     
J       W : B   
K       X :     
L       Y :     
M       Z :     
  Well, he had eight letters 1 He wrote
out the first line of the diary that ap-
peared in code, marking the known let-
ters underneath:

  XNXDILPIZNISFYGINRTNXOIZIXMI
  I I E E ED E A IRE El E

  Travers pocketed the book, and made
the rounds of the house again. His
flashlight cut through the shrouds of
shadows that seemed to crouch menac-
ingly at every turn. Not a sound could
be heard. The staccato ticking of the
living-room clock was the only audible
sign of life, mechanical or otherwise.

HE returned to the library and for
some time studied the line he had
written. One thing was probable: the
line ended and began with a word.
Could the last seven letters spell the
word “receive”? He filled it in:

  XNXDILPI ZNISFYGI NRTNXO IZIXM I
  III E EC ED E A IRECEIVE

  Further filling in, following the key
to the code, rewarded his efforts with:

  XNXDILPI ZNISFYGINRTNXOIZIXMI
  ITISEXPECTEDOFMETHATIRECEIVE

  “Ah!” cried Travers, “viewing the
lower line with satisfaction—so far, so
good. Now I should be able to pro-
ceed-”

  In twenty minutes he had the follow-
ing deciphered notation:

      “It is expected of me that I receive
  an Anthony Jacques, Ambassador of
  the Commune in Paris, and afford
  him my assistance and the refuge of
  my home. Louis XVI and the Queen
  have been beheaded, as have many
  others, and France is in the hands of
  the people. Certain royal jewels are
  to be sold, and Anthony Jacques is
  coming here for that purpose. His
  uncle, Captain Jacques, is an old
  scoundrel. There seems to be no
  love for his nephew. I will not tell
  him that the young man is coming.”

  Travers sat in stupefied silence.
Evelyn, in her trance, had called him
Anthony! Moreover, she had said that
she, “Marie,” was his wife—that Captain
Jacques was his uncle. This, then, was
what Doctor Grover termed a hallucin-
ation. Was it possible that the spirit
of Marie Jacques haunted the old manse,
speaking through Evelyn?

  “What else can I believe?” he mut-
tered defiantly. “Here is positive proof.
I suppose the doctor will be skeptical,

but he cannot change the fact, however.”
Evelyn had kissed him while ob-
sessed with the personality of the long
departed Marie. Travers clenched his
hands involuntarily. He had not been
under any delusions that he was this
Anthony, yet he had impulsively taken
her in his arms and returned her caress.
Was he in love with this girl? Had
he not been overstepping the bounds
of hospitality under the guise of humor-
ing her while in the trance?

 He wondered what the doctor, and
Mrs. Grover thought. They were prob-
ably concerned primarily with Evelyn’s
condition, however. But then—Evelyn
and Robert Briton had quarreled—about
that kiss, no doubt. Briton had seemed
rather sulky. . . .

  What connection had the late Tracy
with all of this? Why had he and his
diabolical cult, the Red Circle, wanted
this house? There must have been a
reason. And the occurrences of that
day. Travers forced himself to con-
sider them.

 A black cat with poisoned claws.
Mysterious noises in the wall, hinting
of a secret passage. The heavy picture
leaping from the wall. And that weird,
uncanny laugh, coming from nowhere.

  An old house, generations old; Andrew
Brainard; Captain Jacques; Marie
Jacques; Anthony Jacques. The Com-
mune in Paris; royal jewels; intrigue—
and Ronald Tracy, now dead—the noises,
that laugh. . . .

  “God, what an enigma I” he exclaimed.
“I->’

 Suddenly Travers heard a shrill
scream that pierced the heavy silence,
coming from above. Followed, a hoarse
cry—the slamming of a door. Then the
lights went out abruptly—plunging the
house in darkness.

“Damn! who turned off those lights?”
Travers groped for his flashlight;
found it, and whipping out his revolver,
darted up the stairs. He flashed the
light on the empty hallway, now quiet.
“Doctor!” he cried.

  The doctor did not answer, nor was
he in his room. With racing pulses,
Travers halted outside the door of
Evelyn's room. It was still locked. He
knocked on the door.

 “Mrs. Grover—it is I; Travers-”

 “Thank God!” came Mrs. Grover’s
voice.

  There was a fumbling with the lock,
the door was swung open, and he saw
the doctor’s wife and Evelyn standing
in the glare of his flashlight, pale, and
terrified.

“What happened—who screamed?”
“Evelyn did. Some one was picking
at the door,” Mrs. Grover cried, dis-
traught “We were so frightened I
Where is John?”

 “I—I don’t know I He’s not in his
room.”

THEY heard excited voices below, and
footsteps ascending the stairs. Trav-
ers darted into the hall and turned his
light upon Sam and Togo.

 “Wh-who’s dat?” gasped Sam, stop-
ping.

“It’s me—Travers,” said the profes-
sor. “Have you seen the doctor, Sam?”
“Good Lawd, suh; is he gone, suh?”
“Yes. Who in hell turned out these
Ghost Stories

75

lights; Togo, take Sam’s flashlight,
and go to the switch at the meter. Ii
it’s turned off, put it on again. Hurry."

  The gardener hurried off, and the old
negro advanced.

  “Oh, where is Daddy 1" cried Evelyn.
She raised her voice:

 “Daddy—Daddy 1"

Silence and darkness—no answer.
“Where could he have gone?" gasped
Travers. “Not down stairs, or I would
have seen him—ah, there are the lights!"

  The hallway was illuminated again.
Travers ran to the door communicating
with the new section, but it was locked,
as he had left it. A search of all of the
rooms revealed nothing. Mrs. Grover
and Evelyn were hysterical with terror.
Togo ran up the stairs.

  “Light turned off at switch all right.”
he said. “No find Doctor?”

 “No?” Travers said grimly. “Where
is the switch? Take me to it"

  The switch was on the outside of the
building, near the kitchen door. Some
one had been on the grounds, and at a
signal, had simply pulled the switch.

  “Sam, turn on every light in-the house.
And Mrs. Grover, you and Evelyn and
Togo had better go to the living-room.
Where is Mammy Jane?"

 Mammy appeared at that moment in
a white nightgown, nearly startling Sam
out of his wits.

 “Here ah is —what’s happened —
who-?”

  Travers told the trembling negress the
brief particulars, and as they all turned
back into the house, he commenced a
survey of the outside of the building.
His flashlight pierced the gloom cast by
the lofty trees. After examining the
grass beneath the meter-box, he ran
around the building, flashing the light
in among the trees and bushes.

  “Doctor!" he called loudly.

  There was no answer—save the rustic
of leaves overhead. Somewhere along
the river came the hoot of an owl.

  He returned to the kitchen door, and
finding a bit of wire, wrapped it around
the meter-box, securing the door with
several turns.

  He found the others in the living room,
excitedly talking about the strange dis-
appearance of Doctor Grover. Mammy
Jane was doing her best to comfort Mrs.
Grover and Evelyn.

  “It’s all right—it’s all right,” was all
she could say.

  Sam and Togo stood to one side, silent
—staring at Travers helplessly. The
latter glanced at Evelyn, finding that,
oddly enough, the excitement had hot
brought on another trance.

  “Oh, Professor I” cried Mrs. Grover.
“We must do something. John must be
somewhere in the house."

  “He should be,” said Travers gloomily.
"Have you been in every room, Sam?”

  “Yes suh.”

  “Well, I'm going around again. Sam.
you may as well call up the police, and
tell them the circumstances. I'll be
back soon.”

HE made the rounds o< the house,
examining every door and window.
Everything was just av he had left it.
In his own room, he had left the door
unlocked, but nothing had been dis-
turbed. In the doctor’s room, however,
he saw something that had escaped his
notice before: a white slip of paper,
pinned to the inside of the door. He
took it down, unfolding it.

  In the centcr of the paper was a red
circle!

 All the zvindoivs and doors were
locked—yet Doctor Grover had disap-
peared! Threats were made — and
ignored. Tracy's dreaded devil cult,
"The Red Circle,” is taking revenge.
JVho will be the next victim?—the
beautiful Evelyn? Read the thrilling
developments of this absorbing story in
February issue of Ghost Storied
Magazine, on the nezvs stands Decem-
ber 23d. You will find these new de-
velopments of tense interest.

The Doll That Came To Life

                     (Continued from page 37)

on the walls. And the side of the room
farthest from the window contained a
table on which the child’s toys had been
set out—everything she had had since
babyhood that had survived unbroken.

  Against the wall was a stand on which
was an enormous doll, propped up be-
neath three lighted candles. An en-
larged photograph of little Doris hung
on the wall near by, and some fresh-cut
flowers were in a tall vase, standing be-
side the doll.

 “So you have put everything back
again where it was?” asked Martinus
curtly, of Mr. Craven. “The whole epi-
tome of the child’s life. May I ask
why?"

  “Well, you see,” replied the fake spir-
itualist, “I came to the conclusion that
the poor earth-bound spirit would con-
tinue to haunt this room until things
were restored. My deductions had been
wrong, but perfectly justifiable."

  “And these manifestations have ceased,
now that you have pieced together the
broken fragments of the vase?” Martinus
asked. “You suppose that everything is
again—as it was?”

HE was, of course, speaking meta-
phorically, but before Craven could
reply there came a sudden crash in the
corner of the room. We sprang back—
looked around us. A shower of broken
glass lay on the carpet. Upon the stand
beside the doll, the flowers lay scattered,
and water was splashed over the table
that contained the toys.

 “My God!” whimpered Craven, his

teeth chattering. "Who threw that
vase?"

  “If we knew that,” replied Martinus,
“we should have gone some distance to-
ward the solution of this problem."

  My teeth were chattering. At that mo-
ment I was under the singular illusion
that the doll's large, blue eyes had taken
on an expression of intelligence!

  Human eyes? I forced myself to look
again. No, of course it had been the
way the light had played upon them.
They were just a doll’s glass eyes.

  I was surprised at Martinus’s sudden
cordiality toward Craven. I had been
afraid he would withdraw from the
case. Instead, he had cordially wel-
comed the pseudo spiritualist's co-
operation. He had told Mrs. Temple
that he proposed to hold a seance at an
early date, and suggested that they might
all form a circle. On the way back
Martinus was silent for a long time—evi-
dently pondering over the case. Then
suddenly he began to chuckle.

 “You’re wondering why I wanted
Craven, Branscombe?" he asked me.

  “I was surprised," I confessed.

  “I have an idea,” chuckled the doctor
again, “that Craven’s presence will prove
a powerful attraction to whatever spirit
it is that has usurped the child's place
in that room. The fool thinks he can
tear down the shrine and reconstruct it,
just as if nothing had happened, as if no
consecration was necessary, as if the
reassemblage of the physical elements
will call back the spirit As well sew
the head on a decapitated man, and ex-

pect him to awake to life! A fool like-
that should prove a powerful drawing-
card to the kind of spirit I fancy ha-,
come into that room.”

  “I thought the poltergeist, when not
merely an extension of the astral form
at maturity, was always an elemental
factor,” I suggested.

  “More or less right, Branscombe. It
is a spirit of the lowest order, though
it may or 'may not once have been in-
carnate. But you must remember I am
always urging upon you that these
manifestations of the discarnate—throw-
ing of vases, breaking of crockery, and
so forth—are merely expressions of en-
ergy. It is not to be supposed that the
spirit is actually conscious of what it is
doing. It lets loose energy in the room,
and this energy takes certain forms.

  “For instance, a very dear friend of
mine once promised his sister he would
try to communicate with her after death.
He supposed he had merely established
communication by taps and rappings.
He was heartbroken to learn that he had
been pulling down pictures and wreck-
ing the furniture!”

“•T'HEN it may be the child after all?"

  I. I suggested.

 “Impossible, Branscombe. No child
could throw a vase across a room. Re-
member that before maturity no human
being is more than one-tenth incarnate.
Little Doris Temple's earthly residence
was the merest episode in the life of her
spirit. All that remains of her is the
happy dream and the memories so rude-
76

Ghost stories

ly shattered when the furniture of that
room was shifted. No, Branscombe, it
all comes back to Craven’s asinine ques-
tion, ‘Who threw that vase?”

  I told Martinus of the expression I
had fancied 1 had seen in the eyes of
the doll. He nodded abstractedly, but
made no comment.

  It was two days later, and before Mar-
tinus had had time to go further into
the case, that we had a visit from Mrs.
Temple again. She appeared in the
greatest distress.

  "I don’t know what I’m going to do,
Doctor Martinus,” she sobbed, “—and
dear Mr. Craven admits that he is at
his wits’ end. He was so sure that dear
little Doris would be satisfied when
things were put back as they were, but
it’s growing worse all the time, and it’s
not only in that room now—it's all over
the house. My maid has left me.”

HAT particular manifestations have
occurred?” asked Martinus.
“Footsteps up and down the stairs at
night—a man’s heavy footsteps. Doors
opening and slamming. Pictures falling
from the wall. And last night, as I
lay in bed, I could have sworn I felt
fingers about my throat. My maid was
pinchcd black and blue, too. Oh, Doc-
tor, it can’t be Doris 1”

  “No, it’s not your little girl,” said
Martinus. "Have you been dreaming?”
“Dreadful dreams, but I can’t remem-
ber anything about them, except that-”

she hesitated.

  “That?” queried the doctor.

 “That I had murdered somebody and
was going to be executed. But I don’t
know who it was, or how I was to die.’’
She broke into hysterical weeping.

  Martinus made her $it down and mixed
some bromide for her. After a little
while she grew calmer.

  “I am sorry to be so hysterical,” she
apologized, “but I’ve gone through so
much. What with my little girl and my

husband-”

 "Tell me about your husband,” said
the doctor gently.

  “Why, it was just at the time Doris
lay dying. He was in Texas, and hadn’t
heard anything about her illness, be-
cause he was off with a posse. He sent
me some clippings, and that alone would
have scared me nearly to death.”

  “A posse, you say?”

 “Yes, Doctor. You remember read-
ing about that man who escaped from
the penitentiary, and shot his way clear
across three States—James O’Connor?”
The doctor shook his head. But I re-
membered the affair. O'Connor had
been serving a life term for murder.
He had broken loose, after killing three
guards, and had escapcd. At least a
dozen of his pursuers had been killed
and wounded before the posse surrounded
him in his stronghold. There had been
summary vengeance taken. The bandit’s
body was left swinging from a tree,
riddled with bullets. I recalled the cir-
cumstances.

 "My husband was with that posse,”
said Mrs. Temple. "And he had written
me about being summoned by the sheriff,
and that — with Doris dying — nearly
killed me! I was afraid I should lose
both of them. Jim and I have always
been devoted to each other, and his ab-

sence is unbearable now. He’s coming
home for good soon, and I’m trying to
hold out till then. But after what’s
been happening-”

 Martinus patted her arm sympath-
etically. "I think we shall be able to
remedy things, Mrs. Temple,” he said.
“Suppose we come up to your house
to-night. Can Mr. Craven provide a re-
liable medium for a seance?”

  "Oh, yes, there’s Mrs. Jimpson. She’s
wonderful,” said Mrs. Temple. “Why,
she described my father perfectly, and
gave me his name and everything.”

  “Get her to your house to-night, about
nine, then,” said Martinus. He turned
to me when she had gone. “We can’t
use any of my mediums on a case like
this,” he said. “I imagine this Mrs.
Jimpson is one of Craven’s crowd, and
just the kind likely to attract the inter-
est of the late James O’Connor.”

 “You mean—you think it’s O’Connor
manifesting in the house?” I exclaimed.

  “It’s a perfectly good working theory,
and decidedly a probability,” he an-
swered.

  “You see,” he explained, as we started
for Mrs. Temple’s house, “if Jim Tem-
ple took a prominent part in the lynch-
ing of this bandit, it is probable that
the fellow passed out with feelings of
intense malignancy against him and the
rest. When a murderer is hurried into
eternity, as you know, he can hardly be
said to be dead, in the sense that ordi-
nary people die. Cut off in the full
■vigor of bodily prowess and activity, he
is simply a disembodied entity, just as
much attached to the earth life, per-
petually rehearsing his crime and the
circumstances of his death, and utilizing
every opportunity to use other physical
mediums for the gratification of his
earthly desires and for revenge.”

  “But why should he have succeeded id
molesting Mrs. Temple?” I asked.

“rT'HE fact that Jim Temple’s little girl

  I passed out almost at the same time
as himself established a rapport. There
are rapports of hate as well as of love.
I have no doubt that, in an obscure way,
James O’Connor discovered this means
of at once getting into touch with earth
life and of obtaining revenge. The emo-
tional condition under which Mrs. Tem-
ple was laboring, the fact that her hus-
band had her constantly in his mind—
you heard her say they were devoted to
each other—established the links in the
chain.

 “But he found the house occupied.
The little spirit of Doris guarded it, and,
as love is stronger than hate, he was
powerless—’till that fool Craven took
the toys away, turned the furniture
about, and played havoc generally.

  “Then, when Craven re-established the
shrine—well, he had re-established a
road that was easy following for James
O’Connor. But if that Mrs. Jimpson is
any good at all we ought to learn some-
thing. One word—” he cautioned me.
"It would be as well not to allude to our
suspicions as to the identity of the polter-
geist. If they think it is the child Doris,
our friend O’Connor will play up to them,
and incidentally play into our hands.”

 Mrs. Jimpson was awaiting our ar-
rival with Craven when we reached the
house. The interior was brilliantly lit

with electric bulbs of great power. It
was easy to see that Mrs. Temple was
afraid of the dark. The child’s room,
in which the seance was to be held, had
been arranged under Craven’s instruc-
tions. It contained the usual curtain of
dark cloth strung across a comer, to
form a cabinet, and the half circle of
chairs extending from this to the further
end of the table that held the toys.

 Mrs. Jimpson was a common sort of
woman, but manifestly mediumistic.
There is something about a genuine me-
dium's eyes that identify her. She went
into the cabinet, and passed into trance
with the facility of long experience. I
imagined that the late James O’Connor
would manifest through her, much more
readily than the child.

  Before Mrs. Jimpson had settled her-
self, Martinus took the doll from the
stand and examined it. It was one of
those large “Mamma” dolls, with mov-
able arms and legs, about the size of a
three months’ child. The doctor handed
it to Mrs. Temple.

 “Please hold this on your lap and
under no circumstances loose your hold
of it during the seance,” he told her.

“T^OCTOR, do you think this will

 U bring my darling Doris back like
she was before?” she asked.

  “I think it vital that you should asso-
ciate yourself with this doll,” replied
Martinus, in his curt manner.

 “What Doctor Martinus means,” put
in Craven blandly—I could see he did
not relish taking a secondary part in
the proceedings—“is that the influence
of the mother-love will pass into the
doll, creating a fetish.”

  “That’s one way of putting it,” said
the doctor ironically. “Any way, please
remember my instructions, Mrs. Temple.
And, of course, you understand that
the circle is under no circumstances to
be broken. Are you ready, Mrs. Jimp-
son?” He snapped off the electric light.

  I heard the medium breathing stertor-
ously within the cabinet. She stirred
restlessly. Sighs came from her lips. I
felt the tenseness emanating from Mrs.
Temple next to me. In the faint light
that came through the window I saw
the outlines of the large doll she held in
her arms. Was it only imagination, or
did the thing actually resemble more
and more a living child? The stiff body
seemed to be growing limp, the head to
fall back into the fold of the woman's
arm.

  Suddenly a whimper broke from Mrs.
Temple’s lips:

  “It—it’s moving I It—oh, Doctor Mar-
tinus I”

  “Hold it I” I heard the doctor whisper
in her ear.

  “I felt it move. It's too—too hor-
rible I”

  “Hold it, as you value your security
and your little girl’s peace,” came back
the answer.

  She began breathing almost as harshly
as the medium, who was keeping up a
low moaning sound inside the cabinet.
I felt that cold wind that always accom-
panies such conditions, chilling my fin-
gers. I thought the curtains before the
cabinet seemed to bulge outward.

  Then I confess my nerves almost gave
way as I heard the sudden tiny, piping
G II 0 S T S TORIES

77

Sensational
Typewriter Offer

voice from within the cabinet clearly:

 “Mamina!" it cried—just like the
“Mamma" doll, but it did not come from
the doll—“Mamma!"

  I had thought Mrs. Temple a hyster-
ical person, but she kept herself in ad-
mirable control.

  “Is that you, Doris, my darling?" she
whispered, with a quick intake of her
breath.

 "Mamma, where are you?” the voice
piped. “I can't find you. I’ve been look-
ing for you. I’m all alone.”

  “Here is your mother, Doris,” came
the doctor’s voice. Then, to Mrs. Tem-
ple, “You're not afraid of your own
child?”

  "No, no! Shall I see her?"

  “Not now,” the voice piped back. “But
f can feel you, Mamma.”

 A dreadful pause. What was occur-
ring in the darkness? How still it all
was! Even ^the medium had ceased to
moan.

  “How do you like your baby sister,
Doris?" said Martinus softly. I knew,
by some sixth instinct, that he was
gripping Mrs. Temple’s arm to keep her
quiet. “Come, don’t be afraid, my child.
Come and see Mother and her little new
baby."

  Again that dreadful silence. My hair
felt almost as if standing on end. Some-
thing was moving near me in 'the dark-
ness, Suddenly a scream of uncontrol-
lable terror burst from Mrs. Temple's
lips.

  “That's all!” shouted Martinus. In a
moment the room was flooded with the
electric light. Mrs. Temple was lying
back in her chair in a dead faint, but
still gripping the child's doll. And it
was just a doll, nothing more.

  “Dear little Doris always wanted a
baby sister,” said Mrs. Temple later.
“But why was it necessary to deceive
her, Doctor? It seems so dreadful that
she should not have recognized the doll
she was so fond of.”

  She had taken quite a little while to
recover from the shock. Martinus had
insisted on assuming the role of physi-
cian, and on Craven’s withdrawing. The
faker had taken it with a bad grace,
and there had been something like a
passage at arms between the two men
before he withdrew with Mrs. Jimpson.

  “My dear Mrs. Temple, if the decep-
tion comforted you, surely it was justi-
fied," said the doctor glibly.

  “But why did she not recognize the
doll?-

  “Because she had been lost so long.'
You must remember time does not pass
oil the other side as it does with us. It
is measured by the intensity of emotion
—and for your little Doris years had
passed since she visited the shrine you
made for her.”

I KNEW Martinus was offering ex-
planations that concealed some truth
he was unwilling to expound to her.
But Mrs. Temple appeared satisfied.

  “And you say I must keep the electric
light burning there night and day?” she
asked.

 “Yes, Mrs. Temple. Close to the
figure, so that the little spirit may never
stray again.”

  “What a beautiful idea. Doctor!" she
exclaimed. “It is like a candle before

a shrine—a perpetual candle."

  "A good simile," answered the doctor.
“So long as the light burns, I do not
think you will be troubled with any
more manifestations. But—once in a
while fuses blow out! We must take no
chance of that. To-morrow purchase
some large candles of the kind they use
in churches, and keep two perpetually
burning in place of the electric light.
After a year, it will be only a matter
of sentiment. Until a year, at least, has
passed, it will be essential to your
child's happiness. And”—he rose—“let
me beg of you not to let Mr. Craven,
or any of your friends, turn you from
your purpose.”

  “Nothing shall turn me from it,” she
answered solemnly.

DOCTOR MARTINUS usually ex-
plained his methods to me soon
after such a case, but it was not until
the following evening that he came to
me in the little study off his own, where
I was preparing his manuscripts.

  “Well, Branscombe, you understood, I
suppose, just what happened last eve-
ning?” he asked me.

 “I must confess I was completely
baffled,” I Answered. “I understood it
was O’Connor you expected to manifest,
not the child."

  “That was O'Connor," he answered, in
tones that chilled my blood with horror.

  “That voice?” I stammered.

  “O'Connor masquerading as the child
—of whose existence he had become,
aware. And that was no easy feat in
the land beyond death, where matter is
so plastic, Branscombe, that it may al-
most be said, 'wishes are things.’ That
is the real hell, Branscombe, for souls
like O’Connor’s—the inability to distin-
guish reality from the shapes that their
desires assume.

  “Yet O'Connor had pierced to reality
by the force of his will, and that con-
vinced me that we had a subtle and pow-
erful enemy to deal with, bent upon
revenge for being hurried out of life
by the hangman’s noose. He masquer-
aded as the child, and it was only when
I tripped him up by making him think
the doll was Doris’s sister that I was
myself convinced it was O’Connor."

  I was thinking of the ghastly horror
of. the discarnate life, when a doll may
be mistaken for a child. What fools
these ghosts arc, and how true the old
race-lcgends that substantiate this! Mar-
tinus read my thoughts.

 "You must remember. Branscombe,”
he said gently, “that the dead can only
sense us through the force of emotion.
They have not eyes to see, or ears to
hear. If the dead man mistook the doll
for a child, it was because I had turned
his expectations in that direction.”

  “Well, but—why?” I asked.

 Martinus drew up a chair and sat
down beside me. “Branscombe," he said,
"you are advanced enough to know that
the fetish is not a mere block of stone
or wood, but actually contains the power
ascribed to it, whether from an external
source or as the creation of the united
aspirations of the worshippers. As our
friend Craven said—I did create a fetish.
But let us rather call it a ‘Luck.’ You
know Longfellow's poem. The Luck of
Edcuhall?" he continued impatiently.

9k Worlds Onfy
\ IkUIkaring Typewriter {

     NEVER has there been such a
typturiter bargain on as easy
terms! A genuine Silent Ball
Bearing L. C. Smith at a 40%
savings!

Oaly the L C. Smith
has al these (eatvec

Ball bearings (636 of them)
at all points of wear. All
the writing visible all th*
time. Non-ahlft carriage.

2-color ribbon. All tba
lateet operating conven-
iences. Beautiful — r**
ntwtd.

Guaranteed 5 Years

      Money cannot buy a better type-
      writer. U. S. Government bought
      50,000. The choice of railroads, big
      corporations like the Standard Oil
      Co.. etc., because of its exclusive ball
      bearing feature. Easiest running,
      longest wearing of typewriters.

Send No Money!

      Jurft mall coupon. Without delay or red
      tape, typewriter will be shipped yoo. Use
      ft 10 days. See how speedy and easy It
      ranu-the perfect work It turns oat. If
      not delighted, return at our expense.
      You’ll want to keep It. You can. for
      S3 down and J5 monthly. Now Is th*
      time to buy. tS worth of txtratfret.

 Send coupon now before offer la

mjma

 flrj SMITH TV
 am.*

 TVnWRITU SALES CORP.
 •OI-SSO E. Grand Av*., CMcac*

8Md me the L C. Smith, r. O. B. Chka«o, Ob antral PH da.

posit $8 with express event. If I keep machine. I'll send vckj tS
a month until the >66.70 balance of *69.70 price Is paid: the title
to remaini with yoo until then.laata have 10 days to try the type-
writer. If (decide not to keep It. I will repack and return to
sxprses Siren* who will return my IS. You are to sire your
standard 6-yaar Kusrsntes.

Name__________________________________________________

Addreu.___________________

 City..

................State..

Employed bv__________________________________________
78

GHOST STORIES

"—how the fortunes of the house were
bound up with the existence of the crys-
tal goblet? The drunken heir shatters
the goblet, and the foe rush in and put
them to the sword."

  Yes, I recalled it. "But is that more
than a legend?” I asked.

  “My dear Branscombe, did you never
know any one who kept a queer little
manikin on his desk, which he called his
mascot?"

  I laughed, as he indicated the Billiken
on my own desk.

  “Just why do you keep that, Brans-
combe ?”

  “Oh, just for luck," I answered.

  “What you have actually done, Brans-
combe, is to shut up, in that Billiken of
yours, all the little bothers and perplex-
ities and gaucheries that you want to rid
yourself of—the Russian demon who al-
ways reverses your slippers, the little
imp who makes you grouchy in the
morning, the one that makes you shave
too high up on one side of your face,
and so on. Well, O'Connor is in that
doll!”

  I uttered an exclamation of incredulity.

  “The practice of burning lights before
the images of saints, Branscombe," con-
tinued Martinus, “may or may not have
been designed to keep them from leaving
their habitations. But it is a safe guess
that O’Connor will remain immobilized
and powerless within the child's doll,
just so long as there is a light in front
of it. It is just as safe a guess as that
you will remain immobilized in your
bed to-night, until there is the light of
a new day within the room."

  “But if this will of his is strong
enough to cross that light?” I asked. "Is
that impossible?”

  “Not impossible, Branscombe,” chuck-
led Martinus, “but—he thinks he is in-
habiting the body of Mrs. Temple's
youngest child, and he will remain there,
waiting for it to grow—until he finds
that his opportunity has slipped by.
After a year or so—a year and a day,
according to the conceptions of folk-lore,
though there is, of course, no exact
period—his power for evil will have dis-
sipated itself, and James O’Connor will
be resolved into that limbo where he
will expiate his crimes on earth before
he gets his new chance in a new body.”

I HAVE recorded this case thus far
from the notes I took at the time.
Martinus had engaged me to keep a
record of his cases, and this was one
of the many that I attended in his com-
pany. The sequel was a telephone call
from Mrs. Temple about a week later.
She announced that there had been a
complete cessation of the hauntings, the
candles were burned religiously in front
of “dear little Doris's doll," as she
termed it, and she did not think it would
be necessary to trouble us again.

  About two months later I was seated
beside Martinus, reading proof for him,
when the telephone rang. He picked up
the instrument. I recognized Mrs. Tem-
ple’s voice but I could not hear what she
was saying. The doctor listened im-
patiently, his face showing evidence of
extreme displeasure.

  "Mrs. Temple, since you have chosen
to put yourself in the hands of Mr.
Craven again, I feel it is impossible for

me to handle the case," I heard him say.

  There followed the tones of Mrs. Tem-
ple’s voice. Martinus frowned and
shook his head. “No, it is impossible,"
he repeated. More colloquy, then a
shrug of his shoulders. The doctor
capitulated.

"We’ll come right up,” he said, as he
hung up the receiver. He turned to me.

  "That woman’s a type of the eternal
feminine,” he said. “Her husband’s com-
ing home next week, and she doesn’t
know what to do. It appears that
Craven persuaded her once again that
the child had become ‘earth-bound.’ and
about a month ago she ceased burning
the candles and locked the door. It’s
been locked ever since. Now Jim Tem-
ple’s returning, and she doesn’t know
bow she's going to explain things to him.
Craven has persuaded her to let him
hold a seance with Mrs. Jimpson in that
room to-night, but at the last moment
her courage has failed and she is
begging us to come.”

  “Have there been any manifestations
since she ceased to burn the candles?”
I asked.

  “Nothing at all. She told me that the
first thing. That’s what makes me afraid
that fool Craven and Mrs. Jimpson are
going to set loose forces that will prove
absolutely uncontrollable. If that devil
can break through to-night—God help
Mrs. Temple! Branscombe, I’ve seen—
but never mind what I’ve seen. We’ve
got to hurry I”

  “Doctor,” I asked, as we started, “sup-
pose that doll had been thrown into the
Harlem River?”

 “Then, Branscombe, O’Connor would
have had full play for his devilish im-
pulses. To-night he must be sent back
where he comes from—if we can do it.”

THE seance was just beginning when
we arrived. Mrs. Temple did not
seem to want to open the door for us.
It was clear enough that, in spite of the
moment of reaction from Craven's in-
fluence, during which she had telephoned
the doctor, she had fallen entirely under
the faker’s control. She announced,
with a nervous laugh, that there was to
be no seance after all—denied that
Craven and Mrs. Jimpson were in the
house, until his voice came booming
down the stairs, inquiring whether it
was us. The doctor simply strode past
Mrs. Temple and went upstairs. I fol-
lowed him, and she came up behind,
still protesting.

  The room was lighted, but there was
no light before the doll, and everything
was covered with dust. Mrs. Jimpson
was just settling herself in the cabinet.
Craven tried to bar our way.

 “This is an outrage, Doctor Mar-
tinus !” he shouted.

 “We are here by Mrs. Temple's in-
vitation,” answered the doctor quietly.
“We intend to remain."

 Mrs. Temple weakened. “I don’t
know what to do," she fretted. "One
advises me one thing, and one another.
I only want my darling little girl to
be happy.”

  “Doctor, if you had the most elemen-
tary knowledge of psychic matters, you
would know that every effort to attach
the spirit to earth draws it from its
heavenly reward,” Craven exclaimed.

“It was on my advice that Mrs. Temple
let those candles burn themselves out a
month ago. There have been no mani-
festations since, proving that the child
no longer haunts this house. To-night
we propose to hold a seance to deter-
mine that all is well with her, after
which we shall leave the pure spirit to
enjoy its well-earned rest.”

 “Go ahead,” said Martinus. "There
will be no interference from either of
us. But we propose to be present as
spectators. You may be glad of it be-
fore the seance ends, Mr. Craven.”

  “If Doctor Martinus and Mr. Brans-
combe will pledge themselves not to
interfere, I am sure you will not object
to their staying, Mr. Craven?” asked
Mrs. Temple.

  Craven sulkily agreed.

AGAIN we took our seats, and the
light was turned off. The medium
began to struggle and moan. And thi3
time I was conscious of a presence, in-
describably evil, in that room. It was
like physical contact with something too
loathsome to have human form. I shud-
dered, I felt nauseated; it was all I
could do to keep my place in the half-
circle. I wondered if the others felt the
same. All the while, too, it seemed as
if I was resisting some physical pres-
sure, bent on crowding me out. I
strained against the chair—heard myself
breathing hurriedly—felt the surge of
the blood through my body.

 It came: “Mammal Mammal” piping
out of the cabinet.

  "Doris? Darling little Doris, Mother
is here. Are you happy, Doris?”

  I heard the Doctor catch at his breath, .
as if about to speak—then he seemed to
think better of it. I saw him outlined
tensely against the faint light of the
window-square.

 “Daddy! I want my Daddy 1” came
the baby yoice.

  “Daddy is here,” boomed Craven.

 Now what induced the man to utter
that lie is more than either Martinus or
I could figure afterward. There fol-
lowed a tense silence. Then that evil
power within the room seemed to dom-
inate, to overwhelm me. My brain
reeled. I was choking for breath,

 A peal of maniacal laughter rang
through the silence. And I knew there
was a body there—some vast, inchoate,
evil thing that seemed to fill the room.

  A chair fell over. The thing laughed
again, and mingled with it came Mrs.
Temple’s scream, and a sound from
Craven’s throat that I cannot possibly
describe. It was a cry, but a cry that
seemed the embodiment of utter despair
—the cry of dissolution.

 Then—a heavy body toppling to the
floor, and threshing it with its heels.

  “The light, the light, Branscombe, for
God’s sake!” I heard Martinus calling,
but as if from far away.

  We were both groping for the button.
We struck our heads together in the
dark, fumbled in the dark, and at last,
somehow, got the light turned on.

  The medium was stirring in the cab-
inet. Mrs. Temple was seated rigid in
her chair, staring in front of her, and
muttering. The light of reason was
gone from her eyes. On the floor lay
Craven, apparently hugging to his heart
Ghost Stories

79

the ‘•Mamma’’ doll, with frantic grip.

  But as we bent over him I saw that
the little porcelain fingers were fixed
in his throat like steel hooks, so deep
that the swelling flesh was already clos-
ing over the arms.

  Craven was dead. The fingers of the
doll had stopped the circulation in the
carotids completely. Death had been a
matter of perhaps fifteen seconds.

THE rest is happier than either of us
had hoped. Thanks to Martinus’s
care, and certain suggestions made when
Mrs. Temple was in a condition of
hypnosis, and before she had recovered

her reason, she awakened with no recol-
lection of that final scene in the drama.
Had she remembered, Martinus told me,
reason would never have returned.

 She was told that Craven had col-
lapsed and died of heart disease at the
beginning of the seance, and this was be-
lieved by Mrs. Jimpson, who was still
in trance at the time of Craven's death.
It was a comparatively simple matter
for Martinus to issue a death certificate
to this effect, and so hush up the facts.

  Jim Temple returned to a house, swept
and garnished, but this time without a
devil in possession. The impulse that
had enabled the dead bandit to wreak

his revenge upon the living had been ex-
hausted by that act, and James O’Connor
was carried far beyond the sphere oi
earthly passions. The Doctor burned
the doll in his fireplace when we got
home that night.

  “But the child—Doris?’’ I asked him.
“Where was she while O'Connor was
masquerading in her place?"

  “Don't let us worry about her, Brans-
combe,” answered Martinus. “It's a
safe bet that there is provision on the
other side to protect the Dorises against
the James O’Connors."

  Then I added: “In any case, you and
I have done our part."

Pau?n of the Unseen

            (Continued from page 34)

seems to her necessary in the circum-
stances.’’

  He paused to permit this to sink in.
The faces of both Marius and Blood
were absolutely imperturbable, though
Marius knew that Terry’s statement
about his betrothal to Lenore was not
entirely true, and Blood probably had
good reason to suspect this. It was a
happy stroke, however, because it gave
Terry a standing in this house which
he did not otherwise have, and under
the circumstances this was vitally nec-
essary, in order that he might be able
to pursue his investigations.

  “I have heard nothing about your en-
gagement to Miss Lenore, sir," said the
butler. “I am quite willing, if that is
so, to give over to you, charge of the
affairs here. But I will have to have
my authority to do this, from Miss
Lenore, who is at present the person to
whom I am responsible.”

  ‘Well, if you can find Miss Lenore,"
said Terry grimly, “it might solve one
or two things besides that. That’s the
reason I’m up here now—to see just
what it is that has happened to her.
And that’s what I want to know from
you, Blood. I know you never liked
her-"

  “You are wrong, sir,” broke in the
calm voice of the butler, “I never-”

 “I know you never liked her," re-
peated Terry. “Don’t you suppose I
could tell by your attitude? I suppose
her appearance rather broke up plans
of your own—plans which you could not
carry out so well with a third party
around. I heard about what happened
here the night Miss Lenore decided to
move-”

“TJOW did you know that, sir?" For
I L the first time a flicker of emotion
shaded its way across the impassive
countenance of Blood, or was it just
Terry’s imagination? He was sure that
for a fleeting instant there had been a
sudden fear in the eyes of the butler,
but if that was so, it was gone equally
quickly.

  “Never mind how I knew that?" went
on Terry. “It is enough that I know it
—along with a great deal else that it
might surprise you to have me know. I
know how pleased you were when she

decided to move, and I know, also, how
pleased you would be to have her out of
the way."

 “I don’t see how you can say that,
sir,’’ said the butler, impassively.

TERRY looked at him significantly for
a long moment before replying. Then
he spoke.

  “It happens that I know that the en-
tire estate of Martin Grimm goes to Miss
Lenore, by his will ... if she is alive."
He paused for another moment, and the
air seemed to quiver in expectation of
his next words.

  “If she is not alive, Blood, the estate
goes, one half to the Metropolitan
Museum of Art and the other half to . . .
To whom do you suppose?” He smiled
mockingly, but the other kept silent.

  “Why, it goes to one Stephen Blood—
of course! Didn’t you know that, Blood?
How naive of you I’’

  For an instant the face of Blood lost
its impassive character, and became
livid.

  “How did you know that?” he shrieked.

  There was a silence. A long pause.

 The man who called himself Stephen
Blood, had resumed his mien of quiet
and calm. Ilis face was imperturbable,
as though a mask that he held before
him, having slipped for a brief instant,
was now once more in place. In the
silence his icy voice dripped it& way
through to the two men who faced him.

  “I don’t know that is so,” he said
quietly. “And if it is so, I can hardly
see what affair it is of yours.” He
turned to leave the room.

  “And now,” he continued, “if you don’t
mind, I think I'll go back to bed.

  “You'll do nothing of the sort," said
Terry. “You'll stay right here and help
us find out a few things that we haven’t
been able to unravel—yet."

 “Very well, sir,” said the butler,
calmly.

  Marius and Terry turned to an inspec-
tion of the room. It was a large room,
covering practically the length and the
width of the entire top floor of the old
private house, and it was almost bare
of furniture. Terry, torn between anx-
iety for Lenore and desire to find out
the mystery of old Martin Grimm, ex-
amined it swiftly.

  Leaning against the old walls were a
few canvases in various stages of com-
pletion, and a glance at these showed
that they had not been worked on for
a long time—years, perhaps. In the
center of the floor was a great easel,
and in one corner was a board dais,
covered with royal red velvet—a stand
such' as is used by painters in portrait
work, for their sitters. Two or three
pictures hung on the walls, and in one
corner was a rude bookcase, painted
scarlet and filled with books of another
generation.

  It was the work of an instant for
Terry and Marius to up-end the portrait
dais. It was nothing but a wooden box.
as they could see, and was absolutely
empty. There was nothing underneath
it, and Marius replaced it with a sigh.
It was the first thing that had occupied
his eye when he had glanced about the
room.

  On the scrubbed wooded floor the
blood spot, rapidly drying, glowed a
dark red, and it was becoming momen-
tarily darker as it dried into the wood.

THE light in this room came from a
large window overlooking the street,
and from a skylight, the north light, de-
manded by all painters. They could see
that the skylight had not been opened in
years. The iron joints were red with
rust, and the rope that guided the pane
hung down rotted and unused. Marius
pulled at it, and it broke in his hand.
The room was high, and it would not
have been an easy matter for any one
to reach the skylight, much less to enter
or leave by it, though Terry and Marius
considered this possibility.

  “Do you think it’s possible?” inquired
Terry.

  Marius shook his head.

  “No, I don’t,” he replied, “And there
was no time for such an acrobatic feat
anyway. You couldn't possibly reach it
without a ladder, and the ladder would
have to be so long and so heavy that it
would be quite a stunt to draw it up
after you. I don’t think that's the way
it was done."

  ‘Yet They—or It—were in this room.
I am certain of that. And there’s the
blood," mused Terry.

  “Well, if they were, then it’s a triumph
80

Ghost stories

of the spirit over matter, because I don’t
see how they could have got out—es-
pecially if one of them wasn’t willing to
go. And judging from that scream, I
don’t think that Miss Lenore was any
too anxious."

  There were several old trunks in the
room, littered with ancient paraphernalia,
and these trunks they examined care-
fully, dumping their contents out on the
floor, in the hope that thereby they
might obtain some sort of clue to the
shady undertakings that they believed
Martin Grimm had been engaged on.

THERE was nothing upon which they
could build even the flimsiest sort of
theory. Four or five suits of old clothes
were there, clothes of the style that
hadn’t been worn by men for thirty
years, boxes of dried up paints, several
ancient blankets, a rusty hammer and
saw, a box containing nails and screws
and clips, and a book of newspaper
clippings. These clippings were from
western newspapers, they ascertained
quickly, and contained notices of artistic
exhibitions in which Martin Grimm’s
paintings had been featured. They also
found the uniform of a Civil War drum-
mer boy, evidently the one worn by
Martin Grimm. It was full of moth
holes, and had a suspicious stain of
red on it.

  Of evidence that could be of any as-
sistance to them, there was absolutely
nothing, and after another cursory glance
about the great bare room, Terry turned
to the butler, Blood, who had been stand-
ing impassively by.

  “Your late master was both deaf and
dumb, was he not?" he asked Blood.

  “Yes, sir,” replied Blood.

  "But the footsteps, here in this house
—he used to hear them, didn’t he, when
he was alive—according to what he
said ?”

 "I never heard them. And, I don’t
think he did, either,” replied the butler
quietly. “I think it was an hallucination
of his.”

  ‘Then how do you account for his be-
ing at the telephone as if talking and
listening, when he died?” persisted his
inquisitor, looking at him with signifi-
cance.

  “I don't account for it, sir,” replied
Blood.

 “But you must have formed some
theory about the matter. Surely it must
have seemed strange to you, to have a
man whom you always thought to be
deaf and dumb—if you did really think
that—talking and hearing.”

 “It was not within my province to
form theories. I did not question the
doings of Mr. Grimm. I was the butler
here. I am not a private detective.”
Blood spoke without rancor, and with-
out the impertinence that the words
would seem to indicate. It was a simple
statement of a fact.

 “Just what did Martin Grimm do for
a living?” asked Terry, though he knew
the answer to that.

 “Nothing. You know that, sir. He
lived on his income,” came back the un-
hurried reply.

 “Always—since you have known him?”

 “Always—since I have known him.”

 “And how long has that been?” per-
sisted Terry, feeling the futility of try-

ing to get any information of value from
this man, who probably had so much to
disclose, that he was careful to disclose
nothing!

  “Twenty years, sir,” replied Blood.
"You came with him from the Coast,
didn’t you?” inquired his inquisitor.
“Yes, sir.”

    "Has he always been deaf and dumb
—to your knowledge? And has he al-
ways been without a business?”

  “Yes, sir, bcth—to my knowledge, sir,”
replied Blood calmly, walking to the
window and glancing out at the already
lightening sky in the east.

  “Have you any idea who ‘The Seven’
is—or are?” asked Terry.

  The butler shook his head, “Not the
slightest,” he replied.

  “Have you the slightest idea as to
just what Martin Grimm’s connection
with—ah—'them' was? Just in what
way he was involved in that quarter?”
The butler shook his head again. “Not
the slightest idea,” lie said again.

  “I know that Mr. Grimm spent quite
a little time up here in this room,” went
on Terry. “Just what was it that he
was doing here?”

  Once more the butler shook his head.
“Painting, I always supposed. You see,”
lie explained, "nobody else was ever al-
lowed up here. I, myself, came in here
to this room very, very seldom.”

  “He was painting, you say?” said
Terry. “There doesn’t seem to be much
evidence of it. He left no amount of
work at all, so far as I can see.”

  The butler nodded. “I imagine Mr.
Grimm was a very slow worker."

THERE was a silence, then Terry
spoke. He looked Blood in the eye,
and his tone was low, but his words cut
through like knife blades.

  “I know that your late master was in-
volved in some illegal operations,” he
said. “I know, too, that you also were
involved in it—that you had knowledge
of these operations. Never mind how I
know,” he hastened to add, as it seemed
that Blood was about to protest his
.innocence.

  “You see,” he went on, “-I know more
than you thought possible. The word-
ing of the will of Martin Grimm is not
the only thing I know that you thought
I knew nothing of. Now, I am going
to give you a chance to tell me what you
know. And if I find your information of
value, I will not call in the police.” He
paused to give this statement its proper
significance.

  “And if you don't. . . ?” Blood inter-
posed calmly, giving Terry look for look,
his dark eyes like those of a serpent,
without expression.

  “And if I don’t,” ended Terry, “I will
call in the police, tell them what I know,
and let justice take its course. They
are aware of the fact that everything is
not as it should be in this house. It
would take very little for them to renew
their interest in the strange case of the
death of Martin Grimm. Understand
me; I am not interested in the police,”
he put in a little more kindly. “What I
am interested in at this time is the
whereabouts of Miss Lenore. I want to
know just what has happened and is
happening to her. And, I intend to let
nothing stand in the way of my finding

out. I regard it as a plain duty ”

  For a space there was a silcnce be-
tween them.

  Blood strolled quietly over to the spot
of blood on the floor in front of the door
and inspected it critically. No one spoke
as he did this. Finally he looked up at
Terry.

  “If I were to tell you what I know
about this case,” asked Blood, “—con-
ceding, which I don’t, sir, that I know
anything further about it than you al-
ready know—then what?” He paused,
and looked enquiringly at Terry.

  "If you will tell me all that you know
about this case, and I am convinced that
you are telling the truth, I will say
nothing to the police. That is, provided
of course, that I manage to get in touch
with Miss Lenore immediately.”

  “And if I tell you once more, sir, that
I know nothing in addition to what I
have already told you?” Blood looked
Terry directly in the eye.

“Are you trying to say that you refuse
to tell me anything more?” said Terry.

"Yes, sir—begging your pardon, sir.”

  His tone was respectful, but there was
an inscrutably mocking gleam in his
eyes. Terry knew that there was more
to be told. He thought of Lenore, and
the tortured scream which had been the
last news he had heard of the woman he
loved, and anger overcame him. He
would shake the information out of this
man's throat.

IN a fury, he took a step forward to
the man. The last he saw of him was
the cold laughter in his mocking eyes,
for Blood's hand came up with the swift-
ness and quietness of a snake, and in
an instant he had switched the light out.

  There was the hurried banging of a
door, as both Marius and Terry plunged
for the disappearing butler, missing his
exit by perhaps a fraction of an inch.

  “Damn!” ejaculated Terry, angered
that he should have been duped in such
a simple, childish way.

 Something winged its way past
Terry's head and thudded in the wall
above them. They both started, violent-
ly. Marius recovered himself first. He
reached for the switch.

  He snapped the light on. There, quiv-
ering in the wall, was an arrow, pierced
through a fluttering paper. Obviously
it was a message. Of what? Where
had it come from?

  They looked around the room hastily.
The window was closed, and so was
the skylight. The arrow quivered in
the wall above the door, so it could
not have come through the doorway.
And, as they both remembered, the door
had been slammed shut after the hasty
exit of Blood.

“It must have come from somewhere
inside this room.” said Terry, mystified.

  “I don’t see where else it could come
from,' replied Marius. "Whoever it is,
is here now—and watching our every
movement.”

  They examined the room, and were ut-
terly at a loss to account for the en-
trance of the winged messengtr, but
both were conscious of a strange feeling
of being watched by an unseen eye—of
having their every action noted.

"That arrow,” said Terry, “could have
pierced one of us, as easily as not.
Ghost Stories

81

  • Small .id> BIGGEST
values — mmcj *orm»"
our motto. Pin SI to tltlt
ud chick gilt desired nnd
mail NOW. Thnt'i ail' no
REO TAPE - STRICTLY
CONFIDENTIAL! Pay bal-
ance not year TEN >«>'
monthly payments. 30
OAVS TRIAL. - Money
back il dliutUliod RUSH
VOUB ORDER TO-PAVI

K^«gB%E CATALOG « G IFT'Sj^.riF
W^|\arl CALENDAR for lSTPianl
catalog Illustrating SILVER.

UfAeaagzoitYWAHe, cameras,.

JEWELRY, ETC. • Thousand,

iafiSiwi's'Seitloiii on our famous PAY —
SF^VOU-PLEASE PLAN to every adult
answering this ad.

O F. BALE & CO.

21-68 'Maiden Lune * New York

$25 Onyx Ring $1.98

play this ~ ^ .

 JttxyvjcoLEce/

 Dept. 240 Naw York

LESSONS

Listen! There comes that laugh again 1”
There came again that strange, far-
away laughter—that ghoulish glee that
seemed to belong to another world. It
was somewhere in the house. Where?
—they could not know. It seemed to be
around them, over them, under them. It
seemed to be without place—a laugh
without a body to emit it. It was a dis-
embodied, flat, fiendish, inhuman sound.
Terry and Marius shivered, and stood
rooted to the floor.

  Then Marius went pale. "I don’t like
that,” he said. “You are right. They
do see us. And, they hear us. Let’s
get out of this room!”

  “Wait,” said Terry. “Let’s see first
what they say. I always answer my
mail.”

HE reached up and detached the ar-
row from the wall, where it was
firmly embedded, as though a man of
giant strength had bent the bow. He
took off the paper, taking care not to
tear it, and there came to his nostrils
the same pungent odor, the same un-
forgettable oriental perfume he had
smelled when he examined the strange
message that had come to Martin Grimm
on the night of his death—the message,
in fact, that had presaged his death.

  A premonition came to Terry. It was
a feeling, like a warning, that he would
be better out of this mess. But he shook
this off as the thought of Lenore came
to him.

  The paper on which the message came,
was scarlet, as had been that which had
told poor Martin Grimm where he was
to go. It was printed with a brush, in
heavy strokes, the ink having crinkled
the thin paper. The odor of the per-
fume was strong and seemed to envelop
both men as they stood there, Terry
holding the paper in his hand and Marius
looking over his shoulder.

  The printing on the paper was sinister:

   Mind your own business, if you
 want to live another night. This is
 the last warning. Remember I

              THE SEVEN.

 Terry said nothing for a moment.
Marius finally broke the silence.

  “Smells like a Chinese laundry ticket.”
‘What do you say, Marius?” asked
Terry.

  “About what?”

  “About this case. After all, this is
none of your affair. I see no particular
reason why you should risk your life
in it.”

  “Are you trying to sneak away from
me again, and go it alone—like you did
when you told me you were going to
bed, and instead came up here by your-
self?” Marius had a dignified, injured air.

  “Permit me to point out,” remarked
Terry, “that you did exactly the same
thing yourself—and a few minutes earlier
than me, too."

  “That’s different,” replied Marius. “I
simply had a scientific interest in the
psychic phenomena that appeared to be
manifesting itself in this house.”

  “That may be, though I doubt it,” said
Terry drily. “However, now that our

lives are threatened-”

  “I don’t think we had better discuss
the matter any further,” broke in Marius.

BE A MAGICIAN!

  Gaze Into your mya terioua C RYST A L
  BALL. Tell your frlenda all the inti-
  mate things about them that you
  "see" there. You will thrill them. A
  wonderful game. FREE book on Crys-
  tal Gazing given with each order for
  an oriental CRYSTAL BALL. Send

  money orpeTDoataiad. (Ball iD2aUaa* S2.2A
  and 93.26.) Give birth data with your order
  and eet a FREE horoscope. Order NOW.

CRYSTAL BALL CO.

  901 Broadway, Dept. 172, N.Y. C.

“As for continuing our investigation, in
view of the fact that we seem to be

observed by—ah—something-” He

looked around him warily, but could
make out no suspicious element. “In
view of the fact that we have very little
privacy here, I suggest that we decide
elsewhere, on just what our course of
action is to be.”	»

 Terry nodded. They turned to the
door.

  “Let’s go downstairs and see Blood,”
he said.

  He was answered by the low, mocking,
unearthly laughter that moved some-
where in the house—disembodied, cruel,
not of human origin. They started,
looking around them for the source or
the direction, but could not make it out.
It was distant, yet somehow seemed
close. It was far, yet it was all around
them ... at their elbow . . . behind
their back . . . fiendish, hard. Past
them it floated, and all around them,
and somewhere in the reaches of the
house it died down and away.

 In spite of themselves, Terry and
Marius felt a prickly sensation at the
roots of their hair. This was not some-
thing that they could control. They
could reason it away, in retrospect But
when it was happening it was subject
to no logic, no reasoning. A wave of
fear of the unknown swept over them—
an emotion they denied and refused to
give way to, yet it was there. What was
this cold laughter?—the dead mirth of
some forgotten spirit? Was it the mock-
ing cacchination of some phantom?

THEY turned to each other, as they
had many times in the last few hours.
“Now, just what do you suppose that
can be?” asked Marius. “We’ve heard
it often enough this night—not that I’m
getting at all used to it.”

  “Whoever it is, certainly has a sense
of humor,” said Terry drily.. “He al-
ways seems to see the funny side of
things—though I don’t see anything to
laugh at, myself. It’s the most uncanny
laughing I have ever heard in my life.
I wonder what .kind of a spirit it is,

that keeps making itself-”

 “It is not a spirit,” said Marius.
“There is no such thing. It is a human

being—a living human being-”

  “Well, call it anything you like,” as-
sented Terry. “But I never heard any
human thing laugh like that. It didn’t
sound to me as though it ever started in
any throat. It sounded to me like some-
thing that was made up of all the ele-
ments that go to produce speech—put
together by some outside power or in-
fluence-” He was silent for a mo-
ment, as something struck his mind,
some newspaper article he had read
somewhere recently, and forgotten. Or
rather, not forgotten, as nothing is ever
entirely forgotten—but stored away in
some pigeon hole of his brain, ready to
be pulled out and inspected when needed.
He turned inquiringly to Marius.

 “Some time ago I remember reading
an article about one of the big electric
companies that stated that there was a
man in their laboratory who was work-
ing on what they called ‘synthetic
speech.’ It was a collection of delicate
machine parts, run by electricity, that
produced a replica of human speech. It
82

GHOST STORIES

was not like the phonograph, which dup-
licates speech that had been sounded by
some human throat. It was different, in
that it spoke words that had never been
uttered. It was partly explained, but
not entirely, as it was not yet perfected.
Do you remember the article?”

  Marius shook his head. “No, I didn't
read it, but what has that got to do
with this?”

  “Nothing, except that it might give
ns the physical explanation which we
are looking for. This laughing, now,
sounded as though it might be like that

—speech that has never been uttered-”

  Marius nodded. "In that case, then,
there is somebody actuating the machin-
ery. Is that what you mean?”

  “I don’t mean anything in particular,”
confessed Terry. “I am merely casting
about for some sort of logical explana-
tion of a perfectly illogical manifesta-
tion. In any event, we are not alone in
the house. Somebody is doing that.”

 “I knew we weren’t alone, anyway,”
*aid Marius. “There is Martin Grimm
—and his paid mourner.”

  “I mean, in addition to them," said
Terry. ‘‘If we can locate the place that

laugh comes from-”

  “It seems to come from every place—
from almost any place. We heard it in-
side the studio upstairs, before, didn't
we?” asked Marius.	*

  “Well, maybe we’ll come across it yet,”

' aid Terry. “Let’s go on with the search.”

THEY searched systematically, but
could find nothing. It was now broad
daylight. When they had finished with
Blood’s room, and had had to admit
'o each other that they had happened
on not the slightest clue, they decided
to work their way down through the
rest of the house.

  This they did, without result, until
they found themselves in the lower hall,
just inside of the main entrance to the
house.

“Well,” said Terry, “it doesn't look as
though we have had much luck, does it?”.
“No, it doesn’t,” replied Marius.

“What now? What is our next step?”
“Of course, we still have the base-
ment and the cellar to go through-”

  “But before that, I think we ought to
search one more room,” said Marius
significantly.

 “You mean-” began Terry, motion-
ing with his head to the door behind
which rested the body of Martin Grimm
and the professional watcher.

 “Yes, I do,” said Marius. “I think
it's very important — more important
than any other room in the house. I
know it hardly seems ethical to disturb

the sleep of the dead, but-”

 “The dead are not disturbed,” said
Terry. “It is only the living who can
be disturbed. The dead are beyond our
reach.” He paused for a moment. “But,
we don't seem to he beyond theirs, if-”

THEY listened at the door for a mo-
ment, but could hear nothing. The
weird chant of the paid watcher had not
been heard for a long time now. It had
evidently died away with the coming of
the day, or a little before. They pic-
tured him, alone there through the long
night with his dead, plying his grisly
and forbidding trade. Terry permitted
himself a slight shiver, which passed un-
noticed, Marius either not seeing, or, at
any rate, pretending not to see.

 Terry put his hand on the knob of
the door and turned, pushing the door
inwards. It opened at once, and he and
Marius slipped silently into the room,
closing the door behind them. The
room was dark, except for the flickering
of the candles which burned low at each
corner of the bier in the ccnter of the
room. The shades were drawn so that
no light could enter, and in the shadow
the unsteady candle light played queer
tricks on the wall. They saw there the
figure of a solitary watcher. He was a
little old man, and he sat hunched in a
chair at the side of the coffin—fast
asleep!

  He had four days’ growth of grizzled
whiskers, and a curiously shapen head,
which was partly accounted for by the

fact that he had but one ear, the other
being not even a stump, but having
been sliced off close to his head. It
gave his head a strange appearance, as
though it was out of drawing—and it
made Terry feel as though it had been
drawn by an artist who would presently
rub it out and try drawing it all over
again.

 He sat hunched in his chair, head
fallen forward on his chest, one arm
sticking grotesquely out over the arm
of the chair. He was snoring slightly.

  The atmosphere in the room was pe-
culiar—as it always was, even when
Martin Grimm was alive. There was a
pungent odor there—almost the same
odor that they had smelled on the mes-
sage from The Seven. In the weird
shadows they could make out that old
Grimm’s coffin was covered by a black
silk cloth.

 For a few moments they stood just
inside the doorway, without saying a
word. Finally Terry spoke:

  “Poor old Grimm 1”

 “He is buried tomorrow?" inquired
Marius softly.

 Terry nodded. “Yes. I’m not going
just yet. Let’s take one last look at the
body.”

  He walked to the bier and seized the
end of the silk covering, drawing it
back.

 As they gazed at what was under-
neath, their faces blanched, and the
breath came through their lips in short
gasps. They leaned forward in horror
at the thing that was disclosed to them.

 “My God!” breathed Terry finally.
“It cannot be!”

 Who—or what—was in the coffin?
Why not the body of old Grimm? Did
Terry and Marius look down upon the
face of Lenore? Was that why they
were so shocked? Was it Blood him-
self who was in the coffin, or was it-

Read in the February issue of GHOST
STORIES further developments in this
enthralling mystery tale. On the news-
stands December 23rd.

FEBRUARY GHOST STORIES

A smashing collection of uncanny, spooky, creepy tales
Among its features you will find:

DANCERS IN THE SEA

  By W. A. Cornish

       When the Submarine S-51, laying at the bot-
     tom of the sea, was to be salvaged, divers went
     down. The first of them came up, dead—his
     face distorted with horror. The second diver
     came up, a frantic maniac. The third diver
     went down—and discovered as weird and un-
     canny a situation as mortal eyes ever beheld.
     There were dancers on the bottom of the sea!
     Here is a story to thrill you to your fingertips

THE MAN WHO BORROWED A GHOST By
 Martha Higgins

       Two people thought they could manufacture a
     ghost in order to secure a valuable piece of
     property. They got the property, but—they
     encountered a dozen bona fide ghostly haunts not
     included in their plans

LOVE AND THE LAST FRONTIER by Hugh
   Docre Purcell, as told to W. Adolphe Roberts

      Hugh Purcell was a lonely man when his
    fiancee was taken from this world. Shortly
    after her death he communicated with her—and
    what she told him, changed vitally the entire
    plan of his life. Do you believe in love beyond
    the grave? Here is a story you cannot afford to
    miss.

       Further thrilling episodes in “PAWN OF THE
     Unseen”—the amazing effect of Travers’ solu-
     tion to the cipher writing in the story “Under
     the Spell of the Red Circle”—the beginning of a
     sensational story featuring the return from the
     dead of a war time aviator, “The Phantom
     Ace”—these and other sensational stories make
     February GHOST STORIES an issue sure to
     sell out early. It goes onto the newsstands
     December 23rd. Order your copy now.
Ghost stories

83

The Black Spider

{Continued from page 19)

  “Ah! Well, we’ll see what we can do.”

 He drew a card from a silver case
and bit the end of his pencil thought-
fully. He wrote something and handed
it to the man.

  “Take this along to the dispenser."

  “Anything else, sir?"

  “Yes. I want you to go to the first-
class saloon and find Miss Seldon. If
she’s not there, the purser will tell you
where she is. Ask her if she'd mind
coming to see me here as soon as possi-
ble. You can turn in after that. I shall
want you back at one o’clock.

 “Very good, sir." At the door he
paused and looked back. “Er—I sup-
pose Dr. Murphy will understand? You
see, he told me-"

  Langley took him by both shoulders
and pushed him out of the room.

  “I’ll make it all right with Dr. Mur-
phy,” he assured him and went back to
his patient.

THE Japanese was moving restlessly
and a crimson spot burned at each
cheek-bone. He seemed to be gabbling
something that Langley could not catch,
clutching all the while at the white
coverlet with fingers like yellow claws.
Suddenly he sat bolt upright, a gaunt
fragile figure in a borrowed pajama-
coat that was four sizes too large.

  “The box," he said in English, staring
before him with glazed eyes, “—they
must not take thatl They will forget
to feed it . . . the thing will die. I want
it to grow. . .

 The doctor forced him gently back
and covered him.

  “Your box is here all right,” he mut-
tered, rather for something to say than
having the least hope he would be
understood.

  The man struggled feebly for a few
minutes, then relapsed into the vague,
restless state in which Langley had
found him.

 There was a box in the corner, a
square box of painted wood with a
double row of perforations round the
top. It measured approximately a foot
square.

  Langley picked it up and, holding it
to the light, tried to see in. He was
about to put it down when he became
aware that something was moving about
inside.

  He whistled softly to himself.

  “Good Lord! This then, whatever it
is, is alive too.”

  He set the box on the closed top of
the washing cabinet and stood looking
at it, his hands deep in his trouser
pockets. He had the usual scruples con-
cerning prying into other people’s prop-
erty, but he was equally prepared to set
such scruples aside when it was a ques-
tion of an animal requiring sustenance.
He could not make up his mind as to
the nature of the beast. The movements
had been queer—similar in some respects
to those of a bird. And yet, he did not
think it was a bird. He brought his
head closer. There was a peculiar, un-
pleasant odor about the box that both

puzzled him, and—was very nauseating.

  He glanced at his patient through the
mirror, then withdrew a kind of skewer
with a polished knob that appeared to
secure the drawer. It had occurred to
him that this drawer might contain a
supply of the particular type of food
that the creature required. But to his
amazement he found nothing but minute
metal cylinders, securely corked and
labelled in Japanese characters, and a
hypodermic syringe!

  He closed it again and replaced the
fastening.

HE remained for some seconds, gazing
at his own reflection in the glass,
then deliberately withdrew a second rod
and threw open the lid.

 He dropped the skewer and sprang
back a yard, nearly falling over the foot
of the bunk. At the same moment, the
door behind him opened Softly.

  Queer, hairy claws appeared over the
edge of the box, waving suspiciously.
The box tilted, then fell on its side and
there emerged—an enormous spider, its
body as big as his two fists. The thing
was black and, hardened as he was to
jungle phenomena, Langley thought he
had never seen anything quite so loath-
some in his life. A second later it had
disappeared and then he saw it racing
up the white-painted wall with a glis-
tening strand waving behind it that
might have been a rope. It sought
refuge in a corner of the ceiling.

  He heard Bianca’s little, gasping cry
behind him.

  “Dr. Langley, what is it? Oh, isn’t it
horrible!”

  He backed towards her, his eye still
riveted on the monster.

  “It’s a spider," he said calmly. “Our
friend here brought it on board with
him in that box. I’m afraid I let it out,
and our problem of the moment is how
to get it back again. Don’t stay here if
you’re frightened.”

  He reached over and pressed the bell.
“I am frightened,” said Bianca; “but
I’m going to stay.”

  “Splendid 1 Well, keep as far away as
you can. It may start roving in search
of food—and some of these things have
poisonous bites.”

  “But I’ve never heard of a spider as
big as that.”

 “Nor have I. As a general rule I
prefer them about an inch long. The
Japanese gentleman on the bed, however,
isn’t satisfied yet. He wants it to
grow!’’

  The girl stared at the yellow face with
its two crimson spots.

 “Do you mean to say he keeps that
thing as a pet?”

  Langley nodded.

  “He’s been babbling about it a good
deal in his delirium. He seems to have
it on his mind.”

  “I’m not in the least surprised,” said
Bianca.

  A steward knocked on the door in re-
sponse to the doctor's summons.

  "Don't come in," said Langley. “Find

Money-Malting
Tor

  A Set

  of Fine
  Imported
  JnetrumtnU

 BEGINNERS Make $5<>TWeelc

Drafting is the BIG field, men! Every industry you
can name BEGINS with the draftsman. Without
mechanical drawings—by the thousands—every shop
in the land would be STOPPED. I’ll teach you draft-
ing by mail, in record time!

jtj/l flflfl A YEAR isn’t extraordinary pay for a
Ujl/l/U finished draftsman. Nor $3,500 to $5,000
right from year of graduation. Lot3 of opportunities:
hardly a day we don't get letters—telegrams—“'Can you
send us a man?” So give me your name! Nevermind
aboutready cash. I just want to knowyou mean business.
IT* C 17 A CV AND interesting to learn draft-
“ , „ , , ing. You need no talent for draw-
ing; its all done by rules, and with tools. One of my
students is 51 years old; another is Just seventeen. But
they’ll all be making a grown-up salary next season! I
guarantee to make anyone a finished draftsman who
can see the opportunity and clip this coupon for my
new, beautiful, illustrated book.

CHIEF DRAFTSMAN DOBE
1951 Lawrence Areaae, Chicago Dir. H-71

Send me FREE and POSTPAID. In time for
FREE TOOL OFFER, your new book. Suc-
cessful Draftsmanship, and material on your
home court*, terms, etc.

Name............................................Age

Ad dr tee......................................................

P.O..........................................Slate......

BUST DEVELOPED

M^Bif^Threaf PartTreatment is tha

-----ONE that gives FULL

DEVELOPMENT without bathing,
exercises, pumps or other danger-
ous absurdities. I send yo
GUARANTEED TWO DOLL#

14-DAY
TREATMENT

If yon send a DIME toward expense^

 DOLLAR

FREE

(A Large Aluminum Box ofmyWon-
der Cream included) Plain wrap-
per. IS IT WORTH JOc TO YOU!
Ifnot.yoardime back by Brat maiL

 Address NOW, with ten cents only
 Madame D. U. William., Buffalo, N. T.

Profit* 100 to 800 p«r eastern Specialty
CudlM. Rai*cfale's Oriilnu “Haw
System Specialty Candy Fact ortaa”
■tart. joo immediately. We teacb yoa
and farnioh every thing.

  Wholesale or Retail.

Write — fra* Candy Book.

W. HIU.VER RAGSDALE
Drawer240 E. Orange, N.J.

alotofmoney/o;

Dmp Furrows by amazingly ■implo treatment. 8tmply

amazlnglysimple

WRINKLE PLA8
it, while UNDER TIS

smooth oat wrinkle, apply 1
■kin smooth through boars of night,*

GROW smooth. 25 eta. fcoin) brings plasters end famous beauty hslpe.,

DC MILES, BOX If32, ST. LOUIS, MO.

YOUR CHOICE OF ANY TWO $C98

CM This Wonderful RING COMBINATION! ■ -

           with choice of other, only 15.98 — Think of Itt Most
           - • — •	. Bet with famous

lllan ce. Compere

___________ . .	Je.send thorn beck.

Money Back Guaranteed gSjEhSfi^J

PENNY! Just name, eddress, Number of Rings wanted with Enter
size. Pay postman price shown or if combination *5.08 on arxireL
If not delighted. Money Refunded-

Elite Jewelry House.Dept. IS24, 25E.JacksonBlvd.,CfcicagB

beautiful 1927 Basket Dos Urns in genuine Sterling. I
Elite Diamonds known for their lasting fiery brillia
them with the genuine. If you cen tell the difference.!
84

Ghost Stories

me the biggest jar you can—one with a
large opening—and bring it here at
once.”

  Ten minutes later the knock came
again and Langley put his head, round
the door.

  "That’s not large enough,” she heard
him say. Then: “That’s better. I think
we might manage with that.” .

  She saw him cross the floor, armed
with a lar^e receptacle that might have
been used for salt. He placed a camp-
stool on the floor, under where the spider
was crouching, and mounted it gingerly.

  A feeling of nausea swept over her
and she shut her eyes.

MINUTES passed and suddenly she
realized that he was bending over
the washing cabinct, doing something
with a towel.

  ‘‘Get me a piece of string, Miss Seldon,
if you don't mind. I’ve got him inside.”
She returned presently and watched
him pass the cord several times round
the mouth of the jar. He swore softly
to himself as the knot slipped. The
second time, she bit her lip, then went
over to him and put her finger on the
cord, to hold it for him.

  He dumped the imprisoned insect in
the cupboard and shut the door.

  "Thanks awfully. You didn’t like do-
ing that, eh, Miss Seldon?”

  "No, I didn’t. I hated it. But I like
to make myself do the things I hate. It
wasn’t really very difficult, once I’d as-
sured my weaker self that the creature
was safely inside and couldn’t possibly
hurt me. It was nothing to what you
did.”

  “No,” smiled Langley. “But I’m a—a
doctor—and have to do a whole lot of
unpleasant things.”

  “You were going to say ‘a man,’ ” she
challenged him. “I don’t see why you
didn’t. Why do men hate referring to
themselves as men? Women aren’t
ashamed of their sex.”

  “That's possibly because they’ve noth-
ing to be ashamed of.”

  She moved forward impulsively.

  “I’m glad you consented to look after
me. I know I’m in good hands. I think
you’re a super-man.”

  HEY met that evening at dinner.
The band was playing and there
were perhaps a score of people scattered
among the tables.

  “Tired?” asked Langley.

  “Not in the least, thank you. I think
our patient is better already, don’t you?”
The doctor pursed his lips.

  "He has a grip on life that is posi-
tively uncanny,” he said. “We’re going
to pull him through you know. I under-
stand the spider has found a new
keeper ?”

  “Yes. Hales—and isn’t he a most pe-
culiar looking man?” commented the
girl, with a shudder. “I’m told he pushes
lumps of meat under the towel and the
brute stands up on its hind legs and
asks for more. Do you believe that?”
"No," said Langley firmly, “—I don’t.
But the fact that it eats meat doesn't al-
together surprise me. There are such
things as bird-catching spiders, you
know. We’ve discovered our friend’s
name, by the by. It’s Kamaga.”

  "That’s interesting. I hate to have to

refer to a human-being as ‘him’ or ‘it.’
Spelt with a K?”

   Langley nodded.

  “Spelt with a K. Has he disclosed
 anything more about the spider?”

   “Oh, yes—whole strings of it. It’s per-
 fectly weird at times. You’d think he
 knew you were there and was propound-
 ing his theories. He talked this after-
 noon about Japanese gardens and the
 infinite pains taken to dwarf thing?.
 Then he spoke of himself. It’s awfully
 difficult to get a connected story, because
 he has a disconcerting habit of reverting
 suddenly to his own language. At least,
 I suppose it’s his own.”

   “What did you gather?”

  She held her head on one side and
 screwed up her eyes.

   “Oh, that he’s a sort of scientist. He
 aims at increasing the size of things—
 everything. That’s his main theme. He
 hammers away at that for hours.”

   The doctor looked up from the wine-
 list.

   “Increasing the size of things, eh?
 You don’t suppose he was responsible
 for the exaggerated growth of that con-
 founded insect?”

   She uttered a little cry.

  “You mean that he—”

   “I mean that a creature like that would
 command a high price at a zoo or a
 freak show. I don’t believe a spider of
 that size exists under normal conditions.
 There was a drawer under the box
 which contained drugs, and a syringe.
 God 1 I wonder if he's doping that thing
 with something lie’s discovered?” He
 shuddered. “Let’s forget about it and
 have some dinner.”

   “It didn’t look very dopey,” insisted
 Bianca. “It went up the wall like a
 streak of lightning.”

   “You saw that?”

   "Of course, I was at the door. Don’t
 you remember?”

   “I do,” said Langley. "But I’d like to
 forget it. If I really thought there were
 insects like that in the tropics, I’d never
 place any confidence in a mosquito-net
 again!”

   “‘Bigger and bigger and bigger,’ he
 keeps saying,” pursued the girl, with evi-
 dent relish. “If he really goes on as
 he’s started, it ought to add a new zest
 to big-game hunting.”

   “We’ll drop it,” said the doctor coldly,
 ‘‘—if you don’t mind.”

 THEY were on the point of disembark-
 ing at Singapore when Kamaga joined
 them at the taffrail. He had borrowed
 a suit of clothes that almost fitted, and
 presented the appearance of a sleek,
 good-looking boy.

 •	“Good-bye, Miss Seldon,” he said. “I
 shall never forget what you have done
 for me.”

   Bianca crimsoned and clung tightly to
 the doctor's arm.

   “Really, Mr. Kamaga, I had little or
 nothing to do with your case. If you
 wish to thank anybody, you should thank
 Dr. Langley. It was he who pulled
 you through.”

   Langley turned.

   “Oh, it’s you, Kamaga. Glad to see
 you’re better. You’re lucky to be here
 at all. You've the finest constitution of
 any man I've ever come across. Come
 along, Miss Seldon. I'm going to take

you to the hotel—without further delay.”
They moved a few paces nearer the
head of the gangway, and still Kamaga
followed.

  “I am coming to Borneo very soon,”
he enlightened Bianca. “I shall be see-
ing you again.”

 “Oh, yes, Mr. Kamaga? Er—good-
bye.”

  “Good-bye,” said Kamaga, a shade of
wistfulness in his voice.

  She lost sight of him in the crowd, but
felt somehow that he was staring after
her until the rickshaw had whirled them
out of sight—into the atmosphere of
Singapore’s dust and intense heat.

  “Infernal cheek 1” said Langley. "What
did I tell you?”

  “I don’t suppose he meant any harm,"
returned Bianca.

 “Harm I” snorted the doctor. “He
means nothing but harm. Cultivates
spiders as big as footballs, and means
no harm? Damn himl”

  The girl was drinking in the sights
and Kamaga was already a back num-
ber in her memory.

  “I don't see that it’s anything to get
huffy about. It’s a hundred to one we
sha’n’t see him again. Aren’t those black
kiddies just sweet 1 I’d like to take one
home with me.”

  “You wouldn’t," declared the doctor.
"They’re like lambs; they grow up! I
can imagine nothing more unpleasant
than a sheep about the house 1”

DR. ANDREW LANGLEY was din-
ing with Stewart—magistrate at
Mirabalu—on a high veranda with an
oil-lamp above and a pall of blackness
all round.

  It was ten months since he had left
the Baixlcoa at Singapore, and he was
beginning to forget that he had ever
had a vacation at all.

 Langley rested both elbows on the
rail and peered into the darkness.

  He nipped the end from a cigar, lit it
carefully, and threw the match into the
night.

  “Barry can be mighty hot-tempered at
times,” he remarked suddenly.

  Stewart was pouring out liquor from
a long earthenware bottle with a Dutch
label.

  “I know,” he replied, without looking
up. “It takes a good deal to rouse him,
but when he’s really thoroughly incensed
—then look out I But what made you
say that?”

  “Something that occurred on his es-
tate the other day. Jimmy, has anyone
complained to you lately about Barry
Seldon ?”

 The magistrate shook his head. He
was a long, lean man with straight,
clean-cut features, and eyes that were
particularly blue.

  “Don’t think so. Has he been knock-
ing his coolies about or something?”
The doctor emptied his glass.

  “Not exactly. He kicked a stranger
off the plantation last Thursday—kicked
him pretty thoroughly, as a matter of
fact. The fellow went away swearing
blue murder. I thought you'd have heard
of it by now.”

  Stewart grinned.

  "Oh? What sort of stranger?”

  “A yellow skinned blighter of some
education who met Bianca on the boat
coming out—and tried to renew the ac-
quaintance. Barry warned him once
before."

  The D. O. came slowly forward, his
face flushed, his fists clenched at his
sides.

  “I don't think I quite understand you,
Doc. A Chinaman—and Bianca!”
Langley glanced from the end of his
cigar to his friend.

  “There’s nothing to get excited about.
The fellow was washed past us in a
storm and one of our boats picked him
up. He was unconscious, of course, and
Bianca volunteered to nurse him until
one of the staff could be spared to take
her place. We hoped to have seen the
last of him at Singapore—but, unfortu-
nately she rolled up here three months
ago. He's Japanese.”

  Stewart started.

  “Not Kamaga?”

  “Yes. That’s his name. You know
him?"

  “By sight only. He’s taken over a few
odd acres that were not the remotest
use to anybody and put up some ghastly
looking buildings. I was away when he
came, but Brown saw him. Nobody
raised any objection to his being there
—so we let him stop.” He clenched his
teeth. “Some of these chaps have the
cheek of the devil! If I hear the sus-
picion of a complaint against him, I'll
have him deported.”

  The doctor nodded sympathetically.
“My sole regret is that I was the per-
son who was instrumental in saving his
wretched life. If you’ve got a couple of
decent packs of cards in the house, I’ll
play you Canfield, for cents.”

IT was close on midnight when a man
rode furiously into the clearing that
surrounded the bungalow and called to
the nagistrate from the saddle.
“Stewart!—Are you up there?”

  The D. O. looked over.

“Hullo, Wright I You look hot. Come
up and have a peg. The doc’s here”
The newcomer slung his reins to an
orderly and came up the steps, three at
a time.

  “I can’t stop a minute," he panted.
“Miss Seldon’s up there alone."

He grabbed at the glass Stewart held
out to him and drained it at a gulp. It
was at that moment the magistrate no-
ticed that Wright was white to the lips.
“Alone? Where's. Barry?"

  The planter caught at Stewart’s arm.
“God—it's awful! We were up there
—the three of us. The others had gone,
and Miss Seldon had just come out in
her dressing-gown to persuade Barry to
go to bed. She was frightened at some-
thing, I think, and didn’t want to admit
it before me. I had picked up my hat
and was making for the dining room

door when a ghastly thing happened-

Something black squeezed • its way
through the open window and dropped
to the floor in front of us.”

  He paused for breath.

  “Well?” ejaculated the D. O. impa-
tiently. “What was it?”

  Wright stared wildly, and swallowed
hard.	^

  “You'll think I'm mad, or drunk or
something. It was a thing like a spider,
only a million times bigger than any
I’ve ever seen."

FREE

DOLLAR

Again country’s foremostdiamond^vjflw
merchants lead in startling of'ers.

Look over these bargains, at nlmont un- '
^^^gjg^b^i«*vablelow^>riceB. Readde- 8BBB

longed for. Easy ter ms--
mra Ilower than cash prices.

ho. i I;Wv5S3J Toup Guarantee rStH

We have faith fullyaerved the HoV.
J '•jSrgtf public for nearly 100 yean. 4vvJ\
Iuqo'&kIiCJw Make your selections. Our
I u&Kv money back guarantee fully w
mWriv /r Drotoots you. Order from thla aa.

/• 'k i'r oo 10 days* free trial.	^

Send No Money Now! 1

Keep your money In your pocket. .Select the
Win you want and wear It for 10 day*. No.

— Ladles' 18 kt. whl»e gold ring,
^^^“*“«^^^^genulne blue white diamond. |49.60-

Hrnr. 13 kt.wSld whltS

■>=><4 bSueuaDDhlre4.|:>3.M

033

Pick. Yours Now*

We Deliver and 'Triift 16ou

GHOST STORIES

   The doctor glanced up sharply.

   “It was black, you say? About how
 big?"

   Wright stared vaguely around the
 veranda as if seeking some object with
 which to compare it.

   “It was tremendous. The body must
 have been nearly a yard long. .For a
 matter of seconds we all stood there,
 paralyzed. Then I pushed Miss Seldon
 behind me and Barry pulled open the
 drawer in which he kept his pistol. The
 next thing I knew, the brute had sprung
 upon Barry and bitten him. . .

   “Bitten himf"

   The magistrate’s face wore a puzzled
 expression.

   “Yes! It all happened so quickly
 He staggered backwards with an ugly,
 gaping wound in his neck. The entire
 drawer came away with his hand and
 somehow or other I managed to get hold
 of that automatic.

   “I fired at the thing, of course, and I
 suppose I hit it. Anyhow, one of my
 shots found the lamp-glass and blew it
 to atoms. That was when the creature
 was crossing the table, and I aimed a bit
 too* high. The lamp flared up and
 smoked like blazes, and through the fog
 that descended upon the room like a
 pall, I caught sight of a shadowy horror
 clawing itself out by the way it had
 come.

   “When I had adjusted the wick, and
 got back to Barrv—he was dead?"

   Stewart took him by both shoulders
 and shook him violently.

   “Dead! Are you quite sure?"

   “As certain as I stand here. The
 thing's bite had poisoned him. I got
 Miss Seldon to her bed, sent in the
 black girl who looks after her, and dis-
 patched a runner to the doctor’s place.
 Then I reconnoitered the ground all
 round the house, but could find nothing.
 I had another look at Miss Seldon, found
 Barry's pony—and came across.”

   Dr. Langley reached for his hat.

   “The black spider!" he muttered, star-
 ing straight before him.

   A moment later all three merf were in
 the clearing.

 THEY reached the veranda together.
 Stewart threw open the dining room
 door and went in, the doctor following
 at his heels.

   A cloth had been hastily thrown over
 the body. Langley removed it.

   “Well?” asked the magistrate present-
 ly, a lump in his throat.

   “Dead,” said the doctor and put back
 the covering. He rose to his feet and
 glanced round the room. “I must see
 Bianca.”

  Suddenly Wright—who was in the
 „ doorway—raised a warning finger.

  “Keep quiet a minute. What was
 that?”

   Above the chirping of the crickets, the
 ceaseless hum of insect creation, there
 floated to their ears the sound of a
 woman screaming.

   Stewart clutched Langley’s arm.

   “Bianca!”

   The other faced him squarely.

   “Rubbish,” he insisted. “It's more
 likely some native girl in the Kampon,
 on the other side. The sound came from
 a good way off."

   He crossed the floor, and, gaining the

  AMUCE YOUR FRIENDS wtttl

 Mystic Dream

  nl-l. Tells what all sorts
  DUUn of dreams mean.
  Interpret dreams (or you*

        “ ‘hem when they will
        n, and other intareat-

  ______Telle fortunea"by

  a, teacup, palm la try. etc. Liata
  —jky and unlucky" day*. Mora
  amusement In thia 20<^ page booh

FREE

MAGNUS WORKS. I
Varfck Sta.. New York. I

OYER

600

PAGES

 DOES HE LOVE YOU? WILL YOU
 BE LUCKYT WILL YOU BE MAR.
 RIED SOON? WILL YOU BE RICH?

     Thouaanda of each auctions ere
     answered In yoar dream# if yoo
     but knew bow to Interpret tfeeca
     rightly. How to foretell the fu-
     ture; how droama may put you la
     touch with the absent or departed:
     ex plain a dream warnings to buai-
     neaa men. lovara. gamblers, poo-
     plo engaged ta haxardoua work:
     also warnlnga againet faithleaa
     love*. false frianda, en*miaa,
     ''death and disease. meaning of
     nightmares and otter supersti-
     tions. Worth S10.00.

     Send No Money. Simply pay
     postman *2.4H plus 17c postaae
     when he brings your big book.

     SINCERE PUBLISHING CO.

241 21rtSLDtH.P-31Hw.Twl
86

Giiost stories

passage, knocked loudly on the door.
There was no response. He tapped
again. The others, listening in silence,
heard the handle turn.

 "Jimmy! Wright! Come here, both
of you!”

 The room was in darkness and the
doctor was striking matches, feverishly
looking for the lamp.

 "Stop just where you are for a mo-
ment 1”

  A light flickered and presently the
apartment was dimly illuminated. They
saw an empty bed, an overturned chair
and the figure of a black woman lying
in the middle of the floor.

  The doctor turned her over.

 “She’s had a deuce of a knock from
behind, but she’s still breathing. We
must send somebody to her.” He looked
up. "Are all you fellows armed?”

STEWART tapped his pocket signifi-
cantly. He was unusually pale and
beads of perspiration stood out on his
forehead.

  "Then it was Bianca we heard 1 That
spider has been back again.” He turned
fiercely on the planter. "You ought
never to have left the place.”

  Wright spread out his hands, babbling
incoherently.

 "I? What on earth was I to do? I
had to find you! I had nobody to send.
. . . I hit the thing, I tell you . . . how
was I to know ... 7”

  "The spider has not been back,” said
Langley calmly.

  "But man alive!” shouted the D. O.,
"Bianca’s gone. Don't you understand
that? She was taken from here.”

  “I know,- but not by the black spider.
The spider's master is the perpetrator of
this fresh outrage.”

  Both men stared at him incredulously.
  "The spider's master! What in the

name of heaven-”

  "I haven't time to explain it all to you
now. We’ve got to find our mounts and
ride like the devil. Wright, you’d bet-
ter round up the estate watchmen and a
couple of dozen reliable coolies and
bring them across after us. Then send
for Stewart’s men. I want you fellows
to be prepared to fire the scrub. Do you
understand ?”

  The planter nodded grimly.

  "I’ll fix that all right. Where are
they to go?”

 "To Kamaga’s place. I want them to
surround it and await instructions.”

  The magistrate’s fingers were moving
nervously and his forehead was deeply
furrowed.

  ‘‘Kamaga’s place! What on earth has
that blighter to do with black spiders?”

  "Everything,” said Langley. "He
breeds ’em. Poor old Barry has been
the victim of one of his ghastly experi-
ments. No, I’m not mad, old man. I
know what I'm talking about. Come
on.”

   They rode into the night, taking an
easterly direction through the rubber
trees.

A pale moon bathed the hillside in
yellow light. A fresh breeze from the
sea rustled the leafy branches overhead
and from the strip of jungle at the foot
of the slope a hornbill shrieked.

"A whole regiment to tackle one Jap,”
shouted Stewart suddenly.

"I’m not afraid of Kamaga,” returned
the doctor. "If he was all we had to
contend with, I shouldn’t worry.”

f I 'HE Awards for Opinions
on GHOST STORIES, is-
sue of September, went to:

1st award of $10.00

MARIE GORDON

of Middletown, Ohio

2nd award of $5.00
SYLVAN BANE

of Durham, North Carolina

3rd award of $3.00
MILDRED HONKOMP

of Sioux Falls, South Dakota

SOME ONE will collect
the awards for opinions
on this issue. Why not YOU?

  They galloped down a steep incline
and onto the flat land again. The doc-
tor ducked to avoid a branch and swung
himself to the ground.

“There’s a fence of some sort here. I
noticed it when I came past last week.”

   The magistrate, joining him, flashed
an electric torch on a high wall of
painted stakes, set closely together.

  “He didn’t mean anybody to get in
here 1”

   “Or out 1” added Langley, as he moved
off to the right.

   "There's a light up there,” said the
D. O. peering through.

   “And a gate here. It’s padlocked on
the inside. We shall have to break it
down.”

 They had found a stake and were
wrenching off palings when Stewart
turned and looked back.

  His eyes had long grown accustomed
to the darkness of this lone glade where
even the moon’s rays scarcely pene-
trated.

  What he saw there behind him froze
the blood in his veins. He dropped to
his knees, pulling his companion after
him, as a black horror—crawling pain-
fully on five of its eight legs—crept from
the trees and scaled the fence barely ten
feet from them. They heard it drop on
the other side.

  “God!” exclaimed Stewart. "It’s in-
credible !”

  Langley had picked up the pole again.

  "It’s interesting to know that spiders
have a homing instinct,” he muttered.
"Kamaga must have taken it there in
some way—and let it loose. We can get
through here.”

  They clambered through on foot, leav-
ing their mounts tethered by the trees.

  There was a broad, moss-covered track
on the far side. Negotiating this, they
made for a solitary light that showed
ahead, then slowed down to a brisk walk-
ing pace as the first belt of outbuildings
emerged from the shadows.

STEWART went first up the crazy lad-
der and pushed the door wide open.
There was a strip of matting across the
floor, a Japanese stool and a piece of
low furniture, like a desk without legs.

 As the Englishmen entered, Kamaga
—clad in a white kimono that was guilt-
less of embroidery—came softly through
a curtained aperture and stood before
them.

  Langley had him covered.

  “The game's up, Kamaga,” he jerked
out “Put up your hands. Do you hear
me?”

  The Japanese raised his arms slowly.

  "Good evening, gentlemen," he said
quietly. “You have doubtless good rea-
son for breaking your way into my
home. I shall be interested to learn
your motive.”

  "Kamaga,” interposed the doctor, "I
saved your life on the Batilcoa. We
want you to tell us where you have
taken Miss Seldon.”

  Stewart’s finger, hooked round the
trigger of his automatic, restrained itself
with difficulty.

  Kamaga blinked.

  “The lady has disappeared?”

  The magistrate's anger boiled over.

  “I can’t stand this! Keep this black-
guard here, Doc. I'm going to search
this place!”

  “Be careful.”

CASH FOR OPINIONS

 ■^^HEN you have read this issue of Ghost STORIES Magazine, let us know what you think of the
    stories it contains.

 Which story is best? Which is poorest? Why? Have you any suggestion for improving the magazine?
 Ten dollars will be paid to the person whose letter, in the opinion of judges in charge of this award, offers
 the most intelligent, constructive criticism; $5 to the letter considered second best; $3 to the third.

 Address your opinions to the Judges of Award c/0 GHOST STORIES, 1926 Broadway, New York, N. Y.
 This contest closes January 31st, 1927.	✓	r

 Three awards will be made promptly. See that your opinion gets one of them.
  “Oh, I’ll look out for myself.”

  He plunged through the curtains.

  Langley opened his case with one hand,
struck a vesta on his shoe and lit a
cigarette.

  “It’s no use beating about the bush,
Kamaga," he told his prisoner. “I know
everything.”

  The man's face betrayed no sign of
emotion.

  “Indeed?”

  “I am referring to the black spider.
You spoke of it in your delirium. You
wanted it to grow—and grow—and grow.
We know now, Kamaga, that it as
grovm. Keep your hands above your
head, you yellow devil!’’

  A cry came from within.

  “Doctor 1”

  “Hullo?”

 “Bring Kamaga here. Make him walk
in front of you and don’t take your eyes
off him for a second.”

  Langley pointed to the curtains.

 “Get a move on,” he said curtly.
Kamaga obeyed.

HE was on the point of passing through
when the doctor caught the cur-
tains up and ripped the material from
the rod that held it suspended. He was
taking no chances.

  He found himself in a long, narrow
apartment stocked with appliances and
glass jars. Stewart had his back to,
them, gazing down a broad passageway
to a room beyond, the door of which
stood open. There was an oil lamp in a
bracket and its light was sufficient to
reveal to the doctor's horrified gaze a
menagerie of the most revolting speci-
mens that it had ever been his fortune
to encounter.

  He saw tier upon tier of little square
cages, each • numbered and ticketcd and
containing specimens of insects of every
sort and description, greatly magnified.
A blue fly, as big as his hand—a centi-
pede like a serpent, that kept up a cease-
less race to the roof of its prison, only
to drop to the floor and begin again—a
moth, with closed wings which, when
opened, must have covered a couple of
feet from tip to tip—giant ants—beetles
—gnats. . . .

  At the far side of the room beyond,
there was a bed, completely screened by
mosquito-curtains, hung from a wooden
ring fixed to the ceiling.

 “I want Kamaga to tell me who is
sleeping in that bed,” said the magis-
trate.

  The Japanese did not reply.

  “Why don’t you go and see for your-
self,” asked Langley.

  For answer, the D. O. stepped aside,
revealing the form of a second enor-
mous spider—a quarter of the size of
the one that had poisoned Barry—
crouching on the inner side of the open-
ing, a metal collar round its middle and
a long chain stretching from it to a
staple in the wall. The creature had
four eyes with great hairy flaps over
them like lids, that kept lifting.

 “Shove Kamaga in here,” suggested
Stewart. “It may help him to find his
tongue.”

  He caught one of the uplifted arms
and began pulling the Japanese towards
the doorway. On the very threshold
Kamaga gave an unearthly scream.

Character

W Revealed by

Your Handwriting

  tJ It has been proved by autliorf-
  r ties that your band'writing reveals
  your character. Let our charac-
  ter reading expert tell you about
  yourself, your sweetheart, youo
  friends. All character trait* revealed.
  Are you kind or cruel: industrioiu
  and energetic? Areyou lovable? Have
  ^m you the making of success?

te^ you afl- Know the

  Mmtt ua handwriting of par-
  oon whcuo character you wafit
  ravenhxi. Knoloao only 10c In
  TM »tnmpaorroln. Your an-wrr will
  bo immediately mailed to you In

pURrrE(?^Arir institute

MgB|J225 W. 34th St. New Vorl*

YOUR CHOICE ANY TWO $4.89

 Bi* offer to Introduce faznoua Elite Diamonds known for their laatiojr,
 fiery brilliance. K- ol your beat friend*. No. 1. Ladies’ FIIUgrM
 Basket Platfnum Effect; 2* • Heavy Belcher 14K. Gold
 ®: No. 3. Ladles’ Orange Blossom SolHeire. C.>mpi.ro with (iao
 nine. Yon can't tell the difference. Order combination or any on*.
 Today! Pay poatman on arrival. ELITE JEWELRY HOUSE
 Dept. 105, 25 E. Jackson Blvd.,	Chicago, IS_

Ghos t Stories

 "Oh, no! It will kill me! I am not
ready. . . .”

  His gaze shot to the ceiling and, fol-
lowing it, the magistrate saw an enor-
mous metal syringe hanging in a sort
of cradle over a zinc tank.

 “We don’t want you to be ready,
Kamaga,” he said. “Mr. Seldon wasn’t
ready when you let your vile creation
loose on him. Come on, my friend. In
you go!”

 The man had struggled to his knees
and hung limply, like a sack.

  “Stop,” he screamed. “I will tell you.
I will tell you everything. The English
lady is in there. She is tied, but I have
not harmed her. No closer . . . oh, no
closer ... it can reach. . . .’’

 Stewart threw him back towards the
doctor and hooked down the syringe.
He gave it an experimental pump up and
down, then dipped its nozzle in the fluid
in the tank and drew out the handle
until it appeared to be full.

 “What's that?” demanded Langley
suspiciously.

  “Don’t know,” said the other. “Dope
for the spider I fancy. Isn’t it, Kam-
aga ?”

  Kamaga inclined his head.

  He squirted a steady shower of drops
at the brute’s head.

  Presently, as he watched it anxiously,
the flaps drooped and did not come up
again—the legs drew gradually closer
to the body, and, before the doctor could
intervene, the magistrate had passed it
on his way to the bed.

  Langley’s eyes were turned from the
Japanese for the fraction of a second,
but in that short space Kamaga found
time to act. ... A cloth—snatched from
the top of a case—fell over the doctor’s
head, completely enveloping him. He
threw it off after a brief struggle to find
the tank overturned, flooding the passage
with a sickly, sweet-smelling fluid.
Every cage was open, and Kamaga was
disappearing through the farthest door-
way.

  The shot he fired after him must have
missed by a hair's breadth—and, Kamaga
was gone.

THE doctor was left amid a host of
crawling, buzzing, fluttering horrors,
with Stewart—unconscious of anything
except that he held Bianca in his arms—
coming towards him.

  “It's all right, Doc. I’ve got her."

  Langley brought his boot down heav-
ily on something and yelled at the top
of his voice.

 “Is there a way out through that
room ?”

  “No, it’s a cul-de-sac.”

  “Then run for it, for all you’re worth.
Kamaga’s slipped me and his entire
menagerie’s loose!”

  By a miracle they got through. Lang-
ley declared afterwards that they owed
their escape in this instance to the fumes
of the chemical Kamaga had overturned,
to prevent them from employing it.

  They were in the open again with the
door of the house shut securely behind
them.

  “We must go warily," said the doctor.
“I've an idea at the back of my head that
we haven't finished with Kamaga.”

 Bianca blinked up at Stewart and
smiled faintly.

87

$100aWeek‘n/

CHEVROLET COACH FREE/

               Do you want to be your own boss—make
               3550 a week in spare time or £100 in full
               time—and have an auto of your own at no
               cost? If you do, read these amazing factsi
               My 3 piece, lined Cassimere Suits have
               taken the country by storm. I need
               800 more men to take care of the
               enormous demand.

No Investment Needed

               This is an unusual opportunity to make
       more money than you’ve ever dreamed of earn-
       ing without a cent cash investment. You don't
       need experience, training or special ability. I
       supply everything you need and tell you what to
       do to make 850 a week in spare time—8100 in full
       time.

Stone Cleared $605 in 30 Days!

         My representatives are making big money.
                        Prer.tiss earned 8945 in a month; Head cleared
                        869.50 in a day; Rizaldi 832
                        in 8 hours; and Cooper says
                        8600 a month is easy with this
                        proposition. You can make
                        big money too!

            SEND NO MONEY

                        If you really want to get
ahead—to work for yourself
and make all the profits—if
850 a week for spare time—
8100 for full time sounds good
to you—write for details im-
mediately. Don’t send any money. I tell you every-
thing, give you everything you need without cost or
obligation. And don’t delay—every day you wait cost*
you many dollars—so write quick—TODAY I

C. E. Comer, President
THE COMER MFG. CO. Dept M-S2 Dayton. Ohio

BE A DETECTIVE

 Earn Big Money. Work home or travel. Make
 secret investigations. Fascinating work. Excellent
 opportunity. Experience unnecessary. Particular*
 free. Write. GEORGE O. WAGNER, former Gov-
 ernment Detective. 1968 Broadway, New York.
88

Ghost stories

  “May I try and walk please?”

The sound of her voice sent a pleasur-
able thrill coursing through Stewart’s
being. He lowered her feet gently to
the ground, but still held her supported.
"You feel all right now?”

  “Oh, yes, I think so. I'm stiff, of
course, but that’s all.” She rubbed her
eyes. “What a horrible nightmare! It
seems to have been going on for years.
1 can’t imagine how you found me. Did
you hear me scream or did the doctor
guess ?”

  "Both,” said Langley. “Try and walk
a few steps. That’s splendid. Now try
again. Keep moving your legs as if you
were marking time.” He pointed sud-
denly towards the huts. “Look, Jimmy!
There he goes. He’s making for the
path.”

  “I can’t see anything. Who was it?”
'Kamaga! He’s thrown open the
doors. Heaven knows what’s hidden be-
hind them. Bianca, we’ve got to run
for it. You’d better hang on to both of
us. ~f you find yourself falling, yell out
—and we’ll carry you.”

 They had gone twenty yards when
Bianca screamed.

 “Look! Look! Can’t you see them
in that patch of moonlight? Spiders!
Spiders! Hundreds of them!”

 Both men glanced back. The entire
place seemed alive with them. Stewart

swept the girl from her feet and they
raced headlong for the gate.

 Kamaga was out of pistol-shot, but
they appeared to be gaining on him,
his white kimono clearly visible among
the trees. Suddenly he halted, stared
round him in bewilderment, and began
coming back towards them.

A voice from the direction of the fence
indicated clearly why he had turned.
“Stewart! are you up there? Stewart!”
The magistrate paused and bellowed
back.

  “We’re coming now. Tell them to fire
the forest. Look out for Miss Seldon.
I’m sending her on ahead.” He released
the girl again. “Bianca,” he told her,
“the gate is immediately in front of
you and Wright's waiting for you down
there. I want you to go there—alone.
Are you afraid?”

  She looked straight up at him.

  “I am afraid, Jimmy,” she. whispered,
“—but I’m going.”

  He found time for a single sentence
more.

 “I’m glad it was I who found you—
and not the others. I’ll tell you why-
some day.’’

 “I’m glad it was you, Jimmy,” she
said—and was gone.

“She’s a wonderful little woman,
Jimmy. What are we going to do now?”
The magistrate started moving off

at a brisk pace through the trees.

 “Try and secure Kamaga—dead or
alive—before the fire gets a good hold.
Can you see which way lie’s taken?”
“Yes. He’s over there to the left.
We’d better split up and endeavor to
corner him.”

IT was ten minutes before Stewart had
his quarry in range, and he fired wide
to make him aware of the fact. Langley
appeared on the other side.

  The Japanese faced them placidly, a
knife balanced on the tips of his fingers.
He allowed them to approach within a
few feet of him, then touched the naked
blade with his lips.

  “You will allow me the privilege of an
honorable death, gentlemen?”
“Honorable be damned!” said Stewart.
Langley touched his sleeve.

  “He means hari-kari. Better let him
do it. It’ll save a lot of trouble.”

  And then a peculiar thing happened.
A black mass dropped suddenly from
the tree above them, smothering Kamaga
with its enormous bulk.

  Both men started backward.

  “The black spider!" gasped the D. 0.
They fled down the slope, with Kam-
aga’s unearthly cry ringing in their ears
and a belt of flame threatening to en-
circle them—and not once did they look
back.

“They U?ho Play IDith Sacred Things

                                      (Continued from page 16)

slap on the back to brace him up now.

  “Don’t let the thought of death ever
trouble you, old man,” I said. “Of
course you don’t want to lose your wife.
But remerrbcr what I told you. All
life is spirit. Death is a happy state.
Spirits tell us, through their various
ways of communicating with us, that the
next world is a happy one. There is no
pain, no thought of economic progress.
They pick and choose their associates.

  ‘‘Fact is, my friend, a man lives this
life here on earth only t» improve his
mind so that he will derive better bene-
fits from the next. If any one of us
were to pass on right now, at this
moment, we’d be far better off. This
that I'm telling you is recorded by Sir
Arthur Conan Doyle, Sir Oliver Lodge,
and other able, reputable men all over
the globe.”

FOR another hour I talked to him
along this line, and when he rose to
leave me, he was most profuse in his
thanks. "You have opened my eyes to
a new line of thought,” he said. "May-
be now I’ll be able to handle things more
intelligently. A thousand thanks to
you,” and with that, he left.

  If I had had any inkling of the terri-
ble aftermath of that evening’s talk, I
would have kept Jennings locked up in
my house against all statute law—even
if I had to use brute force to do it. But
how was I to know?

  The following day I thought over all
that Jennings had said. I tried to figure
out a way to help him, a way that would

be human and material. But it came to
nothing. Then I turned to the viewpoint
of the spiritual. But the result was the
same. Nothing could be done, I real-
ized, until I knew more about his case.

 The next afternoon I went over to
call on Jennings’ wife. I was going for
no outward reason except to get better
acquainted. In reality, my object was
to sec for myself what sort of woman
she was, and learn if possible what
could cause Jennings’ continued mental
upset. If the cause could be remedied
in a human way, I would see it. If I
found the condition to be one of evil
spirit influence—I at least would know
it, and be able to advise him how to
fight it.

 Naturally, I would make no refer-
ence to Jennings’ call of the night be-
fore, and I would give no indication that
he had told me any of his affairs.

 A maid showed me into a well-fur-
nished reception room on the lower floor.
This was my first step inside his house,
and I was agreeably surprised to find
the place well furnished in a conven-
tional way, with easy chairs, brass
Buddhas and other charms on the man-
tel, oil landscapes and girl's heads in
attractive frames adorning the walls.

  “Good afternoon, Mrs. Jennings,” I
said as she entered. She was a tall,
slender woman, of rather nervous make-
up. I noted with a swift glance that
she wore a lacy negligee, and was carry-
ing a lighted cigarette. “I trust you
will pardon this intrusion, but I felt
that such elose neighbors as we are,

should know each other better.”

  She knitted her brows, and for a mo'
ment stood staring at me. She gave
me no handshake of welcome, didn’t in-
vite me to sit down. It seemed as if she
were trying to probe what I had said,
to find some ulterior motive.

  "I think I know you pretty well now,
Mr. Kirkland,” she replied, taking a
deep inhalation from her cigarette. “Ed
has told me he met you often on the
train going in. You’re something of a
Spiritualist, aren’t you?” A faint smile
puckered the corners of her mouth.
“You’ll have to excuse my saying so,
but you came at a most inopportune
time.”

  No further hint was necessary. “My
apologies, Mrs. Jennings. Perhaps you
and Mr. Jennings will join me at dinner
some night, soon?”

  "Perhaps. Good day, Mr. Kirkland,”
and before I had reached the outer door,
she had turned and was mounting the
stairs.

  This was something I didn’t expect.
Her voice had been hard in tone, and
there was a hint of scorn in her man-
ner. If Jennings hadn’t told me there
was something of an evil spiritual na-
ture in her, I would have said that Mrs.
Jennings’ manner indicated she was hid-
ing some guilty secret, and: in sending
me away summarily, that she was pro-
tecting that secret from discovery by
any outsider.

  Well, maybe I had gone too far in my
effort to help. After all, Jennings’ af-
fairs were his affairs, not mine.
Ghost Stories

89

RESHAPE VJUJ^HOSE

Beautiful solid

)8-k white (told
rine with 8 per-,
foctly matched
bluo white Dia-
moods, 176.

$1.75 a week-

The Old ■	H Hi ■ fPI 0.pt0635

Reliable ■ K J BM ■ ■ ^ 106 N.

Credit ■	■ ■ ■ V Slate St.,

Jewelers BHB BR0S.&C0. lase Chic,.!*.
Our References: Any Ban k or Ban ker In U.S.A.

AnORIENTAL HOROSCOPE

THAT 18 A PAGINATING AND

MYSTERIOUS GAME!

It will lelt xour Inrky
DK-n h, dry*, b r 1:- m m
f ‘W. P® iwr I p,	1 _

, nu-rijf.* «tc. m
A..YL01JY can um W VA

26 e-i.te W> the

CRYSTAL BAt L CO.

•Ot Bro-.av.ay, M. Y. C.. Dfot. €2

lo uci uia names 01 ucm*iDv«> Bmjwune. mu ivu juu
about a MarvelouaNEW OEM matchingtbe finest penulaa
Diamond SIDE-BY-SIDE—same perfect eat, dazzlug a tael
blae brilliancy and flashing rainbow lira, aUARANTEED
FOR LIFE, yet low in price, we’ll give yoo this beautiful
many colored Mexican Lucky Stone, alive with fire, symbol
of year's QOOD FORTUNE, For this Gem and Catalog, aantf
quick your name, address and 10c to partly pay handling coat.
Mexican uem Importing u , Oocl. Oi-SL, Monterey, Calif.

 Matters went along in their even
way, so far as the Jennings' house-
hold was concerned, for about a week.
I took a closer interest in them than
formerly, of course. But I could find no
lead that would solve the problem of
Jennings’ spirit visitations, or the vam-
pirish thing that was wasting them
away.

THERE came a night when I was
awakened out of a sound sleep by
voices. I made out a man's voice and a
woman's. They came, it seemed, from
my bedside not three feet away.

 Instantly I was wide awake. The
first thought that flashed through my
mind was that here was Jennings’ ghost
come to spread its evil influence over
me. Terrified, holding my breath lest I
disturb the specter, I waited. Then
reason came.

 The voices were human enough, and
they came from the head of a garage
driveway that separates Jennings’ house
from mine. In my first moment of
wakefulness I attached a supernatural
meaning to them. And what I heard
those next few seconds gave me a shock
I wasn’t prepared for.

 "No—no, Jim. For the hundredth
time no.’’ This was the woman’s voice.
“For a year now you’ve made that pro-
posal, and you know I can’t run away
with you. If Ed were anything but the
poor sap he is,-I’d go in a minute. You
know that, darling. But I can’t bear to
hurt him that way. He's too good. He’s
too thoughtful and kind. That’s just
the trouble. I couldn't be happy with
his misery on my mind always. No,
Jim. I can't go away with you. Now
don’t speak of it again!”

  “But, sweetheart, you love me, don’t
you?” It was a thick voice—husky. I
could tell that the man had been drink-
ing.

  “You know it.”

 "Then I don’t see-”

  “Of course you don’t. You can’t. But
I do. And that's what’s keeping me
thin—thinking of Ed. But nothing can
keep me from loving you, can it,
darling?”

 There came a pause. Then.

  “Run along, now. Good night, prec-
ious. Till tomorrow!”

  I heard a measured footstep, a door
slamming shut—silence.

 The woman was Mrs. Jennings. I
couldn’t be mistaken, for the same
hard tone of voice she had used with
me, I heard coming through the dark
that night. But who was Jim?

IT didn!t matter. Much of Jennings’
problem was clear to me now. Poor
devil! It was the old story of the
steady, regular husband being too con-
sistently good for a cigarette-smoking,
drink-loving wife.

  But how account for the ghost? The
"temperamental upsets” the woman had,
were clear now. I suppose the situation
of living with an adoring husband and
loving some one else, was at times in-
tolerable to her, and she blew up occa-
sionally, because she couldn’t help her-
self. But the phantom that-haunted Ed

Jennings-

  It was some time before I fell asleep
again. And when I awakened, the bright

sunlight was flooding through my win-
dow. I looked at my watch, and saw
that it was nearly half-past seven—
barely time for me to catch the eight-
ten.

  On the train I ran into Jennings. He
was slumped into a window seat, staring
at the ceiling.

  “Hello!” I said, taking the seat next
to him.1 It was the first time I had seen
him since he came over to my house
that first night.

  “Oh, hello, Kirkland.”

  Saying nothing else, he resumed his
staring at the ceiling. For a moment
1 sensed that he too had heard the talk
between his wife and her visitor the night
before, and was trying to make up his
mind what he should do.

 “How’ve you been, old man? Every-
thing all right?” I asked, taking no
notice of his preoccupied manner.

  “Oh, I’ve been all right. Nothing has
happened. Say, Kirkland, I’ve been
thinking a lot about what you told me.1'
He paused, and a strange, far-away look
came into his eyes. “All life is spirit—
I can see it! I feel it! After death
there is no worry—all is happiness!”
“Right!” I exclaimed, secretly pleased
that lie showed signs of profiting by
what I had said to him.

■p.UT before I could go on, he had
U shrunk within hiiJlself once more,
and that far-away, strange look had died
out of his eyes.

  The train pulled out, stopped at several
way stations, then settled down for its
long run before reaching New York.
These early inqrning trains made no
stops near New York, being rated as
expresses for the twenty miles or so
just outside the city.

  We had left the last stop, and were
just gathering speed for the express run,
when Jennings aroused himself, and said
suddenly: “No worries after death. You
go right on living—always happy!”

 He wasn’t addressing me. He was
talking to himself. I" paid no attention.
Nor did I take notice when he spoke
his thoughts aloud twice more before
we reached the city. “No worry after
death. All life is spirit. We’ll always
be happy!”

 He left ipe with a nod. No further
word was spoken.

  I went through the business I had to
attend to during the day, and arrived
home about three in the afternoon. The
day was gone, so far as concentrated
work was concerned, so I settled down
to read. I selected a new book on
“occult theories and collected facts,’-
written by an East Indian. And before
I had gone very far, I came across the
“astral body” theory, stated clearly and
concisely, and giving at least a dozen
examples taken from life, of evidences
that the theory is something more than
a theory—that it is actually a working
fact.

  “When the mind thinks, the soul fol-
lows the thoughts,” I read. “Where the
thoughts are, there will the soul be
found. And at times the thought is so
strong as to cause the soul to take visi-
ble shape, the shape, of course, of the

physical body-”

 Jennings! My mind focussed on him
at once. Here was the explanation of
90

GHOST STORIES

the phantom. His wife's thoughts were
so centered on getting him out of her
life, that her astral body projected it-
self to his bedchamber, to his front
doorstep. It was this that haunted him.
And she wouldn’t leave him for fear of
hurting him!

 I knew better. Actually, she was a
coward. She feared to hurt herself by
running the risk of being hounded by
conscience. What a scrambled affair
that Jennings situation was!

  Although I did not then realize it, the
affair was to come to a swift and terri-
ble end that very night.

 It was the dinner hour. I was out
back cleaning the spark plugs in my
car. Suddenly my attention was drawn
to the Jennings’ dining room, which is
at the rear of their house, behind a tall
hedge. Loud voices attracted me, and
though I couldn’t see, I could hear
plainly what went on.

  It started with a crash of china. Then
the voice of Mrs. Jennings:

 “Oh, I hate you so 1 I don’t know
why I ever married you! No friends,
no life in this hole—nothing! Three
meals a day, mow the lawn on Saturday,
read the paper on Sunday—and you're
satisfied. Get out of my sight before I
kill you!”

 The hysteria back of those words,
made me nervous. And, there was some-
thing malignant about them.

  “But. my dear, I love you,” I heard
Jennings say. “If you haven't been
happy with me here, you should have
said so.”

 The quiet way he said it, wrung my

heart for the man!

 “Love you? I hate your smug face—
your smug ways. Is your blood made
of water? Haven't I let you know in a
thousand ways this last year that I hate

you—despise you-”

  I waited to hear no more. It was too
much like eavesdropping. I came into
my own house and closed the door. My
dinner had been prepared by my house-
keeper but I had little appetite for it.
After I had eaten I sat around awhile,
in hopes Jennings would call.

 But lie never came. He went that
night to a place far removed from the
busy world.

1 LEARNED later that it was a maid
in the Jennings household who gave
the alarm. Just as I sat down to eat, I
heard hurried footsteps outside the
house, and a loud rapping on the Jen-
nings front door. Peering out, I saw
two uniformed policemen. They were
admitted—only to come out a few min-
utes later, leading Jennings. Mrs. Jen-
nings lay within the house—dead.

  They had to pass my house to get to
Main Street. And as they walked him
past my door, Jennings made them stop
momentarily while he glanced in at the
sitting-room window near which he had
sat that first night. From behind a cur-
tain in the dining room I saw him smile,
heard his lips* form the words:

  “All life is spirit. No worry after
death. After death—happiness.”

  And for a long moment he lingered,
eyeing the house. The gathering crowd
couldn’t understand, nor could the two

officers of the law make out what he
meant. But to me it was a kind of bene-
diction, a kind of warped gratitude he
wanted to express to me. Then they led
him away.

  They charged him with first degree
murder, but his case never went to trial.
Poor Jennings’ reason had snapped, and
they put him where warmth, shelter and
good food will be his lot while he lives.

  From a gossiping maid the neighbor-
hood learned that on that fatal night he
found out about “Jim,” and the terrible
import snapped his reason. According
to the maid, lie had no censure, no vin-
dictiveness. Only concern for his wife.
And in his mental distraction he used a
pair of strangler’s hands to send her
where he had come to know “there is no
worry—all is happiness.”

  Nobody ever found out who the mys-
terious Jim was.

  And for myself—logically, I had rea-
son to take unto myself a share in the
tragedy, for wasn’t it I who had started
his mind to work on the channels that
brought him to ruin? Never mind my
motive. Results force me to answer my
own question with a positive “yes.”
There is a saying that “they who play
with sacrcd things, know not what they
do.” There never was a truer saying
than this. In (he case of Ed Jennings
and his wife, the result was terrible to
contemplate.

  Yet that should not be our last thought.
In poor Jennings' hopes, lies his future
happiness.

  All life w spirit. There are no worries
after death.

“IDhat A Tlldn Sows-

                  (Continued from page 39)

presence of yourself or some sane and
—well, somebody whose nerves are in
good shape, would ease the strain. . . .
The fact is-”

  He broke off suddenly.

  Slowly he rose, his knees bent, hands
outstretched like a man about to grapple
with an adversary. He warded off an
invisible blow and then closed with an
invisible foe.

  The veins on his forehead stood out
—his breath came in gasps. The flesh
of his neck was suddenly compressed as
by strong fingers. Someone, or some-
thing I could not see, appeared to have
him in a death grip.

I GLANCED at Roberson. He stood
staring in terror. He dodged this
way and that as though trying to get
hold of this invisible thing. A thrill
ran through nte. A chill began to creep
up my spine. I found myself shivering
violently.

  “Roberson, damn you — help me!"
gasped Forber. His hands were at his
throat, as though trying to tear away
iron fingers that were choking him.
Then he swung his right hand free and
struck the air. But though I saw
nothing, there was a sort of soundless
impact. With each blow he grunted.
Perspiration streamed down his face.

  Forber had stooped- down now, and
was apparently trying to lift something.

Whatever the thing was it had vigor for
he suddenly staggered back, with his
hand to his mouth. He appeared to have
received a heavy blow 011 the jaw. His
hand came away stained with blood.

  Roberson sprang to his aid. Cursing
under their breath the two men stag-
gered about the room, struggling des-
perately with their invisible opponent.
Presently they appeared to have over-
come the thing. They were lifting some-
thing that struggled and they swayed
this way and that as they carried the.
presence, or whatever it was, to the bed.

  Then a horrible thing occurred. The
bed bounced—as though a heavy weight
had fallen on it! I began to think I
had lost my senses. Forber's hands
were busy at the head of the bed while
Roberson sat at the end, holding the
thing down.

  Then I noticed that Forber’s hands
were bleeding. Little red marks ap-
peared—like those made by a dog's bite.
He sought to protect himself with the
pillow. His curses were horrible.

  Suddenly he looked over his shoulder
at me. His eyes were bloodshot and
terror stricken.

 “For God’s sake, Hardman, come
here!” At that moment both men were
hurled back to the centre of the room,
but they returned to the struggle, and
again possessed themselves of the ac-
cursed thing. This time Forber dragged

it to the window, struggling desperately.

  “Open it,” whispered Forber, to Rob-
erson. But Roberson fell at this mo-
ment and uttered a shriek of terror.

  I stepped forward to pick him up, but
something intervened. Something ob-
structed my hand as I sought to touch
him, and with that, Forber fell heavily
towards the window, while Roberson
bumped to the floor—as though both
men had been suddenly relieved of a
strain. It was as if my touch had ban-
ished some malevolent energy, or in-
fluence.

  “Thank God, it's gone!” gasped For-
ber. I can’t be sure whether Forber
said “he’s gone” or whether he used the
word “it.” He came close to me. He
laid his hand on my arm. Roberson
caught me by the hand.

  “You have got to stay with us,” said
Forber, very earnestly.

  “If you will kindly explain what the
whole thing means,” I said, “I shall be
glad to help you if I can but I’m dashed
if I am going to stay in this room un-
less I have an explanation.”

■pORBER leaned over the desk still

•	keeping his hand upon my shoulder.
The next moment I was aware that he
had taken a revolver from a drawer. I
looked at him. His eyes were blazing
with fear and excitement. I felt quite
sure that I was in the presence of two
ghost Stories

91

 madmen who shared an hallucination,
 that had in part, conveyed itself to me.

   But Roberson spoke with more calm
 than he had hitherto displayed.

   “Shall I tell him?” he asked looking
 at Forber. Without waiting for an
 answer he said: “This thing has hap-
 pened before. It began in Africa. On
 the night we went aboard at Mombasa
 I was just going to sleep when Forber
 started up with a shout. I jumped out
 of my bunk and put my hand on his
 shoulder. He was fighting something,
 but as soon as I touched him he laughed
 and said it was all right."

   Forber interrupted by suggesting we
 should have a drink. With quick, jerky
 movements, he fetched a bottle of whis-
 key from the mantel. Then he got three
 glasses and a syphon of soda. I could
 see he hated to leave my side. He
 poured out a stiff drink with shaky hand.
 Then he turned to me and apologized
 for his bad manners. I helped myself,
 and Roberson did likewise. We all
 drank raising our glasses with trembling
 hands.

   Though thoroughly shaken I could not
 help seeing the humor of three vigorous
 men petrified with fear and trembling
 at every sound. But I was in a hurry
 to go. I rose and put down my glass.
 I stepped toward the door and found
 Forber there before me, gun in hand.

   “No you don’t,” he said brutally. “You
 are going to stay right here. You
 are a fine antidote for—for our troubles.
 You're the best I’ve struck and you are
 going to stop with us for a bit. I must
 have some rest. This has been going
 on long enough. I am all in. I’m
 done.”

   He pulled a chair to the door and sat
 down heavily. I pulled out my cigarette
 case and offered it to each. We lit up
 and I helped myself to another drink.

   As I passed the writing desk I caught
 sight of the telephone. On the pretext
 of helping myself to some more soda, I
 leaned over the desk and lifted the re-
 ceiver from its hook. As I resumed my
 seat I noticed that Roberson was sunk
 in sleep. Forber was blinking but still
 alert.

   "Roberson is tired out,” said Forber.
 He cleared his throat. “This business
 has knocked us all to pieces. The at-
 tacks get worse as our nerves get worse.
 I need somebody around whose nerves
 are in good condition. You are a good
 chap, Hardman. You see how easy it
 was when you intervened. You are all
 right, Hardman and we are damned—

 damned-” To my amazement the big

 fellow burst into tears.

 AT this instant there was a knock
 at the door. Forber started up. He
 opened the door. A sleepy youth stood
 at the end of the passage, and gaped at
 us. Forber’s appearance, bloodstained
 and dishevelled, startled him.

   “Well, what do you want?” demanded
 Forber.

   “The receiver is off,” said the youth,
 "and folks are complaining ’cause the
 bell keeps ringing.” Forber glanced at
 the desk. He strode across and replaced
 the receiver while I moved quickly into
 the hallway pulling the door behind me.
 I held the handle firmly. I heard For-
 ber dash across the room.

   “For Heaven’s sake, Hardman,” he
 gasped, "don’t leave us I”

   I told him through the door that I
 would be back in a minute and stepped
 into the lift. I told the boy to take me
 down quickly. At the bottom I bade
 him call up any doctor he knew and get
 him to come at once.

   Then I dashed into the street.

   At the end of St. James’ Street, I saw
 two policemen chatting. I went up to
 them and suggested that something very

 queer was going on at No. - Pall

 Mall and that they ought to investigate.
 My, story seemed inadequate and the
 officers were not impressed.

   I tried to improve on my first effort
 and eventually got them to come with
 me. With due dignity the law moved
 slowly along Pall Mall. The night por-
 ter had evidently fallen asleep and it
 took him a long time to open the door.
 The appearance of the police impressed
 him and he ran us to the top floor with
 such speed as the antiquated lift could
 make.

WINNERS OF FIFTY THOUSAND DOLLAR
PRIZE CONTEST TO BE ANNOUNCED
NEXT MONTH

  The end of True STORY Magazine’s vast life story contest has
  almost been reached.

  For weeks the readers and judges have been busy in the difficult
  task of sifting and eliminating these marvelous revelations of human
  beings who have told the true stories of their lives.

  But at last the end is in sight—the publishers can now definitely state
  that the names of those who won the major prizes in the Fifty Thou-
  sand Dollar Prize Contest will be printed in the February issue of
  TRUE Story Magazine, which reaches the newsstands on January 5th.

Winners of the smaller prizes will be announced in subsequent issues.

  Don’t fail to get the February issue of TRUE STORY Magazine which
  Will tell the names of the prize winners and will also announce when the
  first prize story will appear.

NEW HAIR
GROWTH

 Kotalko Did It

 Mist Verdie Bolt'*	- -

 hair was coming

  out by the combfuL
  She {eared losing it
  completely. Then
  ehe used Kotalko
  and developed a	. Enjoy You*

 beautiful new hair	Hair Al*o

 growth.

 Mr. Ashton had bean entirely bald before xuhsa

  Kotalko. Now he has a full growth of hair.

 See their photographs above—taken after hav-
 ing used Kotclko.

  Legions of others, men and women have also sent
  pictures, and voluntarily stated that Kotalko has
  stopped falling hair, removed dandruff, and that
  they have found Kotalko to te a True Hair Growen
  If you have dandruff, or are losing hair, or If
  you are nearly or entirely bald, you may buy a full
  size box of Kotalko at the drug store. Or write, cf
  send coupon below for

FREE Trial Box

 KOTAL CO., B-567, Station L, New York

 Please send me FREE Proof Box of KOTALKO

Name.........................................

Full Address.................................

A(jENT5!II^DAILY'» ADVANCE

             Easy—Demonstrating and writing orders
             lor NEW STYLE GUARANTEED
             HOSIERY for Men. Women, Children.
             Must wear or rcplaccd free. All the la-
             test novelties and colors in cotton, lisle,
             chiffon, silks. In Rparc or full time anyone
             —anywhere—should easily make from

         $30.00 TO $90.00 PER WEEK

             You simply write orders—We deliver and
             collect (or If you prefer to deliver yourself,
             we give you 30 days credit on your orders).
             No capital or experience needed.

             WE TEACH YOU HOW
 * to Introduce Macochce Hosiery. We fur-
 nish samples and full working outfit. No matter what
 you are doing now. send for full particulars and prool
 of profits. Send no money. It's FREE.
 MAC-O-CHEE CO. Road 7711 Cincinnati. O.

        HOW TO GET WHAT YOU WANT

             Robert Collier** new work. “The Book
             of Lite" (7 vols. $4.95) ehovs how mir-
             acles as wonderful as /laddln'8 may be
             performed today by anyone. "How To
             Get What You Wont" and "How To Make
             More Money" are the subjects covered in
             Vola. 2 & 4 of this set. Send only name and
             address now for these 2 sairple volumes.
             Pay postman $1.50. plus postage, on arrival.
             Money back if these secret formulas of
             Ancient Arabia do not bring you success.
             Hinde Pi*. C<l. 599-Stfa Art. New T«k, DepL 68

  Latest PARISIAN Nov-
  elties with Views

  Pocket Bo to Manicure sot
  with viow of French <C]

  Galalith Cijmrotto bolder
  *itfc view of	<61

  French girl a . . . 'P*

  Minimi ore rharm
  acope with view .

Send $2 for the above 3
novel de-f

 UEAtNESS IS MISERY
 GOOD HEARING A JOY

          Million* of people know that, but Multitude* ol
          persons with defective hearing and Head Noise*
          arc again enjoying conversation, go to Theatre and
          Church because they use Leonard Invisible Anti-
          septic Ear Drums, which are Tiny Megaphone*
          GrtingintbcEarcntirelyoutofsight. No wires,no
          batteries, no head piece. They are Unseen Comfort*
          and inexpensive. Write for booklet and sworn
          •taretneni of the inventor who was himself deal.
          A. O. LEONARD. Inc.. Su:ie IS. 70 5tb Ave., New York

    |00 BRINGS RING OR WATCH
             13 MONTHS TO PAY

■ vamaiu. uw l1) daya
Free trial. lfmoretian
pleased, pny balance in
10 Equal Monthly
Payments, o'berwiae.
return avlcc l««n and
your dollar will be re-
funded. Ruah order!

Deal Inara etrictl v con-
fidential. Write for f ee
Uluatrated cntalogn-

EMPIRE JEWELRY CO.. INC.

 Dept. I-C 95 Naa.au Street	N«w York
92

Ghost Stories

  I knocked at the door of flat No. 18.

There was no response. I tried the
handle and found it gave. We entered.
The little hall leading to the sitting room
was but a matter of three or four strides.
The room was as I had left it—at first
sight. Then I noticed that the desk had
been pushed back against the wall and
the whiskey, the glasses and syphon of
soda lay on the floor. The bottle was
broken. The bed in the alcove had been
violently disturbed and beside it lay
Forber.

  He was on his face. His body was
crumpled up and one arm lay in an un-
natural position as though broken. I
stepped aside to let the police make their
examination.

  Without comment the senior officer
turned Forber over. His tongue lolled
from his open mouth and his eyes stared
glassily at us.

  I looked round the room for Roberson.
The window curtains that had been par-
tially drawn were now torn aside en-
tirely. One of them hung from a soli-
tary hook. Behind it was Roberson
hanging half out of the window.

  We dragged him into the middle of
the room. He was breathing with diffi-
culty. In five minutes Roberson had re-
covered consciousness but he was no use
to us. He could not talk coherently,
but blabbed nonsense.	,

THE officer was admirably efficient
He called up a hospital and he called
up the morgue. Then he turned to me.

  I gave him the story as best I could.
He was perfectly civil and respectful
but I could see that he was in grave
indecision when the ambulance arrived
as to whether he ought not to send me
along with Roberson to the alienists.
I’m afraid I was not very articulate.
The nervous excitement, plus the whis-
key I had absorbed, left me somewhat
hysterical perhaps.

  However, I was allowed to return to
my rooms after giving my address and
certain impressive references.

  Well, that’s about all. I gave my tes-
timony next day before a magistrate.
Forber had been strangled. Roberson
had been knocked out by a punch on
the jaw. He is still alive I believe but
has never left the asylum for mental
cases. His brain gave way. Possibly
he is still visited by what I can only
call, the “thing"

* * *

THAT was the story as Hardman told
it at Hetty Delville’s dinner party.
When I talked with him afterwards he
added a few items that perhaps throw
a little light on the matter.

  When he picked up Roberson at the
window he thought he saw someone
looking in, but he was not sure, and
the officer saw nothing. It was a dark
oriental face with an expression of ex-
traordinary concentration. When he
left the house he overtook, in St. James’
Street, a dark-skinned man who turned
apprehensively upon him as he passed.

  Hardman did not stop but lie noticed
the man’s hands were soiled and his
clothes dusty. After he had gone twenty
paces he regretted his lack of enter-
prise. When he turned again the man
had gone. He had spoken one word as
Hardman passed him. At the time he
thought it was a mere exclamation of
surprise at the near collision. After-
wards Hardman seemed to accept the
word as sounding like “Karma."

 I reminded him that Karma is the
word usfid by the Buddhists to indicate
the law that “what a man sows, that
shall he also reap.” If there is anything
in it, one may surmise that Forber and
Roberson were the victims of vengeance.

  This was borne out by one thing Hard-
man told me. A man he knew in Africa
button-holed him in his club one day.
After a few remarks about mutual ac-
quaintances he referred to Forber. He
spoke of a series of particularly atro-
cious cases of cruelty to natives, flogging
and unspeakable practices. An inquiry
was ordered. Evidence pointed to some
white man, but the natives were reluc-
tant to give testimony. Forber was
mixed up in it but he appeared to have
some influence and was permitted to
clear out.

  I don’t offer this as a satisfactory ex-
plantation but if you believe in esoteric
influences, thought waves, mental sug-
gestion, or hypnotic processes—it may
give you something to work on. Hard-
man would not go further than that.

  It is guess-work, at best.

The Specter of the Ijellou? Quarter

became unconscious. I asked him about
the whereabouts of Tom, Tsing's grand-
son, who formerly had lived with him.
He replied that he did not know—that
Tom had not been near the house for
days.

  Not only through the tales told me by
the old man, but from other sources, I
knew that Tom did most of his gambling
at a Bowery resort operated by a man
familiarly known as “Black Mike."
Mike was of Italian extraction and very
swarthy—hence his nickname. I had
met him, and we were not unfriendly.
Knowing that gambling was as neces-
sary to the Chinese as food and that
Mike was accredited with running a
“square game,’’ I had not had him driven
from the district.

 He came promptly in answer to my
summons and talked freely. In recent
weeks Tom had played much at his place.
Luck had run against the youth, but
Mike had permitted him to continue
playing until he owed him $5,000. He
had done this because, in the past, Tom
had always made good. But this time
no money was forthcoming, so Mike
finally had insisted on at least a partial
payment, threatening to collect on the

I.	O. U.’s from Tsing, unless the youth
made good. Even this threat, however,
failed to produced coin.

 Then Mike had taken the slips to
Suing I.um—better known in the quarter
as “Chino Joe,” who long had been on
intimate terms with both Tom and his

{Continued from page n)

grandfather—and had asked his advice.
The upshot of the meeting was that
Suing Lum purchased the I. O. U.’s for
$3,500 cash and Mike promptly washed
his hands of the matter. He had heard
that Tom had disappeared, but could tell
nothing of his whereabouts.

T KNEW Chino Joe fairly well. He
L was the very prosperous proprietor of
one of the quarter’s best curio and jew-
elry shops and lent money on the side.
I found him in his shop on the extreme
edge of the quarter. He expressed the
most profound sorrow over his old
friend’s death and hoped that his mur-
derers would be apprehended and pun-
ished.

 Without hesitancy he told me about
the transaction involving Tom. He ex-
pressed warm friendship for the boy,
insisting that his worst fault was imi-
tating the white gamblers. He showed
me the I. O. U.’s purchased from Mike,
explaining that he had obtained them so
they would not fall into Tsing’s hands.
He had sent for Tom, advised him to go
to some other city and recoup by honest
labor, promising to hold the pledges un-
til such time as the youth could redeem
them.

  He added that he did not know where
Tom was but believed that as soon as
he read of his grandfather’s death in the
newspapers, he would put in an appear-
ance. When questioned about Bow
Ming, he refused to talk, saying he

never had seen her or discussed her
with Tsing, considering her presence
in the old man’s home his private
affair. Through quarter gossip he
understood that Tom was to marry the
girl. He had never heard of other
suitors.

  I went to the restaurant of Sam Hack,
one flight up over a curio shop. I had
known Sam for years—in fact, had helped
him out of a certain difficulty with the
government, which had made him my
friend for life. Since taking over my
Deputy’s job I had renewed his acquain-
tance, and under pledge of secrecy had
told him of my connection with the
police.

 There were but a few rain-soaked
stragglers in the place when I entered.
Only a nod of recognition passed as I
went to a table near a window which
commanded a view of the tenement op-
posite, and ordered a light meal. By
the time Sam was ready to serve me, the
room was deserted, save for us two, and
we could not be observed by the cooks
behind the swinging doors.

  I was still nibbling at my food and
striving to fasten upon the thing at
which he had hinted, when a series of
high pitched cries from the street below
snapped me back into my surroundings.
Looking out, I noted two or three
Chinese huddled at the curb, chattering
excitedly and pointing. My eyes sought
the place they indicated—the windows of
the flat of Tsing Lai Low.
GHOST STORIES

93

INSTANTLY I sprang to my feet, the
pulses in my head pounding, my heart
thumping, and pressed my face close
to the pane. For, directly across from
me, in a window of the murdered man’s
living quarters, stood Tsing Lai Low—
or his exact counterpart—the glare from
the electric light before the house show-
ing full upon him as he stood silhou-
etted against the drapes that concealed
the room beyond.

  It seemed as though his eyes met mine
full, though I could not be certain, be-
cause of the intervening distance and the
numbness which clutched me. But, as I
looked, he raised his right hand, palm
toward me, and pressed his fingers down,
the Chinese method ox beckoning. The
next instant he was gone—disappearing
into nothingness.

  I jerked on my overcoat as I ran, tore
past the befuddled officer in the tene-
ment doorway and bounded up the steps,
three at a clip.

  What a sight met my eyes there. The
place told its own story. When I last
had seen it, everything had been in order
as my assistants and I had rearranged
it Now everything was overturned from
end to end. The killers had returned.
Again they had searched the place.
Whether they had succeeded this time
I could only guess.

 How had they entered? Surely not
as before, by one of the doors opening
from the hallway, for, Clancy had been
on guard there. Quickly I ran from
room to room, turning on the lights,
examining the barred windows and rat-
tling the knob of each door leading to
the outer passage. All were locked.
Yet every room had been ransacked.
Finally I reached the kitchen. The cur-
tains of both windows were down. I
jerked one up. The catch was properly
turned and I could see the bars beyond
in place. I leaped to the other and up
went the curtain. That window was un-
locked. I flung up the sash. Three bars
had been cut away, leaving an opening
more than sufficient for one or several
persons to enter.

USING my flash, I examined the sill.
There were wet stains upon it, un-
doubtedly made by the feet of those who
had entered. I swung the light wider
and the means of entry were further ex-
plained. The circle of light fell upon a
swinging ladder of silk rope, the upper
end of which must have been fastened
to the chimney, or some other projec-
tion upon the roof.

  Quickly I pieced together what must
have occurred. The intruders were will-
ing to take desperate chances to obtain
something which they had failed to lo-
cate when they had killed Tsing. Know-
ing we could not keep track of all the
yellow men of the quarter, they had
spied upon us, possibly coming and go-
ing as residents of the house until they
had learned where our guards were
placed, and that the murder rooms were
vacant. Then, knowing they could not
enter from the hallway, they had gained
admission from the rear.

  But, while searching, they had been
interrupted by something which had
frightened them. Was it the cries of the
Chinese in the street, or had they too
seen the “ghost?” As that word flashed

into my brain, I shook my head impa-
tiently. No, it could not have been
that.

  Determined to search every possible
hiding place in that flat before I de-
parted again, I despatched Clancy to the
hallway, instructing him to see that I
was not interrupted unless something of
vital importance occurred. Then I set
about my task.

  At various times in the past there had
been occasions when it had been neces-
sary for me to search thoroughly the
quarters of various suspects for incrim-
inating things. I was thoroughly famil-
iar with the modus opcrandi and was con-
fident that, with unlimited time at my
disposal, I would be able to cover every
inch of die place so completely that
nothing would escape me. What the in-
truders had been after was a mystery.
But I was confident that it was neither
money nor jewels.

  My search lasted for many hours, un-
til long after gray dawn. I hunted every
nook and cranny, behind pictures and
hangings and under rugs. I examined
the desk and all other receptacles for
hidden drawers. Some such I located,
but the killers had been before me and
had emptied them. I went over every
inch of the closets, ripped open pillows
and mattresses, tore upholstery from the
furniture. I even looked into the kitchen
utensils and poured vegetables and other
foods from their containers. But not a
single written paper of any kind did I
find.

■JI^HILE striving to determine at what
Uy point to renew my search, I re-
called that Poe and other famous writ-
ers, when chronicling the thefts of fa-
mous documents, had caused the thieves
to leave their plunder in exposed places
as the surest means of keeping them
from those who tried to recover them.
Such craft was associated only with un-
usually keen brains.

 Now Tsing was a logician of a high
order, and he might have tried a similar
ruse. My eyes began sweeping the room,
for a bit of paper stuck carelessly into
the frame of a picture or in some other
exposed place. I noted nothing which
appeared significant. Finally I studied
the things near me. Upon a taboret at
my elbow stood an ornate, covered,
china bowl. I knew it contained sugared
fruits, for I had removed the cover "in
my search. Still-1 reached over, re-
versed the dish and poured its contents
upon the stand.

  Instantly I uttered a low cry of tri-
umph. For, wedged at the bottom, was
a folded piece of finest parchment which,
when opened, I found to be covered with
a mass of small Chinese characters.
And, in one corner, was a seal stamped
with the Tsing family crest—probably
made by the big ring which the wise
man wore constantly. Though I couldn’t
translate even one of the characters, I
was convinced that I had recovered the
key to the mystery—the document for
which Tsing had been knifed. He never
would have gone to the trouble to con-
ceal it so cleverly had the paper not
been of the greatest importance.

 Placing the document in my inside
pocket, I left the tenement after order-
ing Clancy to remain inside the flat un-

Preparing for

Motherhood

Nc

By Bernarr Macfadden

 O matter how strong the mother instinct may
 be, no matter how desperately pile may lonK for
 babies, no woman can think of childbirth with-
 out the cold hand of dread gripping at her heart.

    Once embarked upon that course there is no turning
 back, no postponement, no hurrying matters. Na-
 ture runs its course with the certainty and tinallty of
 fate. And it is a road you must travel alone. No
 matter how loving and sympathetic your husband
 may be. or how willing he is to bear hia share of the
 burden, there is nothing he can do.

    But there is a very great deal that you can do in
 preparation for becoming a mother to reduce the
 unpleasantness and discomfort of the preliminary
 period and make the final ordeal surprisingly easy
 and comparatively free from pain, "1'reparing for
 Motherhood." by BernarT Macfadden, is a godsend
 to prospective mothers. In it he tells you the tilings
 every woman should know regarding motherhood.
 He goes into the subject fully, fearlessly and simply.
 If you prepare yourself along the simple lines he
 recommends, follow out the common sense instruc-
 tions given, you can enter upon the ordeal of mother-
 hood with a mind free from worry, and the glorious
 anticipation of the coming of fine, healthy, beauUfully
 developed babies to fill your life with sunshine. This
 splendid book should be in every home.

Send for This Book Today
and Examine It at Our Risk

    Just write us and say you want this book sent on
 approval. When the postman delivers it at your
 door pay him S2.00 plus delivery charges, with the
 lull understanding that if for any reason you do not
 \\nsh to keep the book, you are privileged to return
 it within five days after receipt for a refund of your
 money.

   MACFADDEN PUBLICATIONS, INC.

    Dept. G. S. 1, 1926 Broadway, New York

WhyNot Make s75to$l50aWEEK?

  duclne Chieftain C.uaranteed Tailor*)

  M. No C rnital needed. You Juat
  order*—We deliver and collect—Our

 Bet* th* business. P?* Caah profit a paid
 daily—Even inexperienced persona should

Make $3.00 Per Hour

Introduch
Shirt*. '
write c

NEW GROUP SALES PLAN

Chieftain Shlrta lead the way to big Profit#
Yon—Splendid variety of Intent p«Uorns
— finest materials — corroct atylea — nake
sali*n easy. Send today for free samples
and fall working outfit.

CINCINNATI SHIRT CO.,
Lana 2911, Cincinnati, O.

Beautiful Complexion

IN 15 DAYS

 Clear yonr complexion of pimples, blackheads.
 Whiteheads. red spots, enlarged pores, oily akin
 and other blemishes. I can give yoo a com-
 plexion soft. roer. clear, velvety beyond yooT
 fon.lent dream. And 1 do U in a few day*. II y
 method is different. No cosmetics, lotions,
 salves, soaps, ointments, plasters, band«Ke*.
 mask', TSDor sprays, massage, roller* or -ther
 implements. No diet, no fa-ting. Nothing to
 tske. Cannot Injure tho most dell.;*to skin.
 Send for my Free Booklet. ' ou are not obli-
 gated. Send no ourney. Just get the facta.

Dorothy Ray,$46N.Michigan Blvd.,Suite 791, Chicago

VIROZOL SWEDISH FACE BATH $2.00

Ref resiling. Reduces large pores. Refines the texture of
the skin. Improves unattractive complexion. In leading
Dept, otores and Beauty Shons. Send for literature and
sample of a perfect Face Powder,

 The Virozol Co., 248 E. 34th St., N. Y. C.

PERSONAL

Appearance

 is now more than ever
 the keynote of success
 both ir. tocial and busi
 ness life. Bow-legged
 and Knoclc-kneed
 men and women
 both young and old
 will be glad to heai
 that my new a
 ancc will successfully
 straighten, within t
 short time, bow-leg
 Redness and knock

 _kneed legs, safely

 . id permanently, without pain, operation or dis
 comfort. Worn at night. My new ■‘l.im-Straitncr 1
 Model 18, IJ. S. Patent, is easy to adjust; its results will
 soon save you from further humiliation, and imp:
 your personal appearance 100 pier cent. (Model 18 is not
 like old-fashioned splints or braces, with bothersome
 8trap3. hard to adjust, but a scientific, modem device
 of proven merit, used and recommended for the Iasi
 4 years by physicians everywhere.)

 Write today for particulars, testimonials and my free-
 copyrighted physiological and anatomical book which
 tells you how to correct bow imd knock-kneed legs
 without any obligation. Enclose a dime for postage

M. TRILETY, SPECIALIST

   1427, W.U. Building, Binghamton, N.Y.
94

Ghost Stories

til relieved. Then I hastened to the
office of the Police Commissioner, de-
tailed all I had done to date and showed
him the previous paper.

  The translation of the document took
but a few minutes. It was even more
important in text than I had anticipated.

  Briefly, it disclosed that Bow Ming
had a fortune of more than a half million
American dollars coming to her, at her
marriage—at the disposition of old Tsing
—this money having been left to her in
this manner by her father, a former
mandarin, at his death. But it ap-
peared that rich and powerful men of
the yellow quarter had learned of the
beautiful and wealthy girl in the seclu-
sion of the home of Tsing Lai Low, and
these had begged permission to bid for
her hand. They had been refused, be-
cause it was Tsing’s wish that Tom Low
should marry the girl.

 When Tom had disappeared, these
wealthy suitors, believing their favored
rival was definitely out of the running,
had resumed their efforts. It was then
that old Tsing had prepared a will pro-
viding for the girl’s future under the
guardianship of the leaders of the Four
Brothers, at his death. Right here was
the nigger in the wood-pile.

MY problem then was to learn who
these suitors had been. I realized
the task was well nigh impossible, un-
less I could locate Bow Ming, for from
no other native could I hope for assist-
ance.

  Then came the third night following
my discovery of the will. I had been
in a fever most of the day. But some
hunch—compelling, though based upon
no reason—urged me to continue my
quest without let-up. And, though dusk
brought with it a furious fall of dry
snow, almost as impenetrable as fog, and
despite my aching limbs, I headed for
the quarter. Floundering through the
drifts made me desperately tired. So,
after learning from the tenement guards
that nothing had transpired, I trudged
wearily into Sam Hack's place. Noting
my condition, he gave me a hot drink,
pungent with native liquor, then per-
suaded me to lie down in his tiny bed-
room.

IT was after midnight when I awoke.
The snow was still falling. Ignoring
Sam’s pleadings that I remain, I started
for home, for my head throbbed with
pain, my legs shook and I feared I was
on the verge of collapse. As I floun-
dered through the door to the street, I
discovered I could see but a few feet
before me. A man or two passed, only
dark blurs identifying their presence.
Swinging sharply, I headed toward the
Bowery. I stumbled across the curb
and all but fell. I was in the roadway,
in drifts up to my knees.

 The dull, raucous squawk of a horn
roused me. I stepped aside just in time
to escape a cab. Then I plunged on
again, striving to reach the opposite side
of the street. But I failed to locate the
curb. I twisted and zig-zagged, but met
no obstruction. I was lost, befuddled,
snow blinded—unable to make my way
across a narrow New York street. The
thought was so fantastic that I laughed
aloud.

 Then, right before me, suddenly
through the falling flakes, appeared the
counterpart of old Tsing Lai Low, as I
had last seen him in life, though with
features set and frowning. But I was
not afraid. And in wonderment I noted
that no snow had settled upon his silken
robes or his flat-topped cap.

  “Come!” he said. The next instant I
felt my wrist seized in a firm grip and
Tsing turned and dragged me after him
in a twisting route through the storm.
On, on we went It seemed hours. My
feet lagged. I could scarcely lift them.

  Then, without warning, he brought me
to a sudden halt. Strangely enough
now, I could see quite plainly through
the falling snow. We were before a
building. Old Tsing shook me sharply
and pointed straight before us. “Look!”
he said.

 I noted two great doors—unusual
doors, with many panels, rimmed with
red. I looked closer. The doors were
weather-beaten and old.

  Then I realized that the grip upon my
wrist was gone. I glanced about me.
Old Tsing had disappeared. I laughed.
My addled brain had been playing me
tricks. Still, there were buildings before
me. By keeping close to them I could
reach a corner—maybe find a policeman.
My eyes were closing. I staggered.
There was a wild rushing in my ears.
The snow had gone. Everything was
getting black-

 When I regained consciousness, I
found myself in bed, in a hospital, a
nurse bending over me. I tried to talk.
But she forced me to drink and again
I dropped off. When I awoke I felt
better. There was neither fever nor
pain, only great weakness. The nurse
told me I had been there three days,
delirious most of the time. A policeman
who knew me had found me in the Bow-
ery, slumped beside an “L” pillar, and
had sent me to the hospital in an am-
bulance. If I remained quiet I would be
able to leave soon—in two days per-
haps.

  I remained quiet,- all right. And I left
in two days. But, though in that time I
thought often of the thing which had ap-
peared and guided me in the storm, I
did not try to reason out what it was.
It might have been a ghost, or a mad
imagining of my fever-racked brain.
But it didn't matter—then. The only
point which possessed significance for
me was this: The first time I had seen
the counterfeit of Tsing, it had beck-
oned me, caused me to make the search
which had located the old man’s will.
In the storm it had led me to a place
which I would be able to identify by the
peculiar doors. And I was determined
to find those doors. Any idea that "they
did not exist, that I had imagined them,
never entered my mind.

 From my home I telephoned the Com-
missioner. He was glad to learn of my
recovery and reported that no progress
in the case had been made. Apparently
the mysterious doors must be located be-
fore we could make a new start. That
night, accompanied by Clancy, I searched
every foot of the three streets constitut-
ing Chinatown, and failed to locate them.
But I did not lose faith in their exist-
ence. So, before retiring, I located the
policeman who had found me in the

storm and learned that the exact place
where I was picked up was in the centre
of a block of shabby structures, a full
half mile from the yellow quarter. I
reasoned that I probably had seen the
doors just before collapsing there.

  The morning after I was at the point
almost with the coming of daylight.
My hunch proved 100 per cent. In less
than five minutes I had located what I
sought—a dilapidated, three-story struc-
ture, obviously used as a storehouse.
However, half of the lower floor had
been reconstructed into a shop, which
was occupied by a tailor. The other
half showed only two large doors, held
shut by a staple and padlock. In an
effort to freshen the front of the first
floor, these doors had been painted a dull
gray, relieved by red stripes.

  From the tailor I obtained the name
and address of the -owner, an attorney
in lower Broadway. Upon learning my
official standing, the latter replied read-
ily to my queries. The place, for some
years, had been rented for storage pur-
poses to a Chinese named Suing Lum,
who ran a curio shop in Chinatown.
The mention of Chino Joe gave me a bit
of jolt.

LEAVING him, I hastened to the
quarter, located two detectives on
duty and took them with me to the mys-
terious building.

  Still there, I had scarcely completed
that business when I received another
jolt—word by telephone that Tom, old
Tsing’s grandson, had been arrested at
the Grand Central Terminal as he was
alighting from a train.

  When he reached Headquarters—where
he greeted me like a long-lost friend,
but betrayed no sign that his arrest
worried him—I had him taken to my
office and sent his captors outside until
I had interviewed him. He told his
story frankly and quickly. After leaving
New York he had gone directly to
Denver, where a distant cousin lived.
His object in going-there, where he was
unknown, was to go to work in earnest,
establish himself under the eyes of one
who knew both himself and his grand-
father and prove that this time his re-
form was genuine.

  “Is Chino Joe a friend of yours?" I
inquired.

  “No," he shot back, frowning. I tpld
him what the man had told me about
the gambling I. O. U.’s. “That’s a lie,”
he said. “Joe hates me. He wanted to
marry Bow Ming-”

  “What! Was he one of her suitors?”

  “Yes. The most persistent. He even
threatened my grandfather because he
would not consent that he should marry
her. Not once, but many times. He
even tried to buy me off. Then he
tricked me. His friends got me to
gambling again. I lost heavily. He
bought my I. O. U.’s and threatened to
take them to my grandfather if I did not
leave the city. I shouldn’t have done
it, but I was in a panic. I feared to
face my protector after I had lied to him
—and to Bow Ming. So I went West
—to prove by hard work I was truly re-
pentant. I wanted to earn money to
buy back the notes. To-” He stam-
mered, stopped, then buried his face in
his hands.
  Right then the solution of the case
appeared as plain as daylight. Chino
Joe had not only tricked Tom, but me.
What a slick heathen! I swore to my-
Self as I recalled how easily he had
duped me. He had driven Tom into hid-
ing. He had demanded the girl. Tsing
had refused and announced he would
prepare a document which, if anything
happened to him, would put the Four
Brothers in charge of the girl. Joe had
struck quickly thereafter—killed Tsing
and kidnaped Bow Ming. But he hadn’t
found the will—the document which
would have protected her from him, even
if he had squirmed out of a murder
charge.

  Then came a new thought which sent
me cold all over. Food, which I had
learned was being taken to the store-
house—was for Bow Ming! Telling
Tom I would return soon and bring
about his release, I turned him over to
the waiting detectives, gathered three
huskies from the Bomb Squad and
started full speed for the warehouse in a
department automobile.

  But we were halted as we approached
it, by one of the men on guard. He
was just about to telephone me. Chino
Joe had just driven up in a taxicab and
entered the building. He appeared to be
in a great htirry. I cursed the Chinese
in good, round United States. The in-
formation meant that one of his spies
had learned of the arrest of Tom and
he had hastened to Bow Ming's prison
to spirit her away, or to force her to
tell him where Tsing had hidden his
will.

LEARNING that the men previously
detailed by me had the place sur-
rounded—back, front and from the roofs
—so that none could leave it, I gave the
order that they were to move in closer.
Then, at a signal from me, which would
be a pistol shot, they were to rush the
place from all sides. Leaving one of
those I had brought, directly before the
storehouse door, I headed for the tailor
shop.

  Its proprietor nearly collapsed at sight
of my badge. But, without explaining,
I frut him in charge of a dctective and
with the third, tore open the trap and
descended to the cellar. Our flashes
played on all sides, over and behind the
great piles of boxes. Chino Joe was not
hidden among them. Next we moved to
the rear. The door leading into the yard
was securely fastened. The Chinese had
left by some other means—probably
through a passage leading into the rear
shack. It took time, but finally we lo-
cated what we sought. It was a pas-
sage, about five feet in diameter, hidden
by a huge crate cunningly held by hinges
which permitted it to be moved like a
door.

  Instructing my companion to stand
guard at the entrance so that I could not
be interrupted from the rear, I stumbled
ahead through the passage, trying to
make no noise and keeping the circle of
my flash near my feet. My journey
seemed endless. Then suddenly I heard
mumbled cries—the voices of a man and
woman. Gripping my revolver,' I in-
creased my speed. 1 reached the foot of
a flight of rickety steps, stopped and
listened. Sounds from above were plain-

PEWRITER1

Prices CUT/

EARN $25 WEEKLY,
SPARE TIME

Writing for newspapers, magazines. Expe-
rience unnecessary. Details and copyright
l ook FREE. Press Syndicate. 1265. St. Louis, Mo^

mr£ t^ck CARTOONIST

              MODERN CARTOON SERVICE,

Dept. R.. 296 Bergen St., Brooklyn, N. V.

Are You Thin and Weak

Bernarr Macfadden's book, "Gaining Weight,”
is based on common sense plus a profound knowl-
edge of the human body. His carefully out-
lined instructions are devise ! to fit every vr.ryinr cir-
cumstance and condition of the individual. Price £0c

MACFADDEN PUBLICATIONS, Inc., Dept. G. S. i

Macfaddcn	1C2G Croadway flew York

CAMERA FREE

                 Your Choice- $100 Professional
                 MOTION PICTURE Camera
                 or Professional View Camera

                     Be a Motion Picture Camemman,
                 Portrait, News or Commercial
                 Photographer. Tig money in all
                 brandies. Hundreds of pomtiona
                 no"/ open pay $75 to '250 a week.
                 Easy, fascinating work.

               Lo.’rn Photography at Home

                 A few minute* a d-jyfita yon for ■ bier payinfl
                 poaiUon :.nd yon ffet your choice ofthese ntand-
                 ard pruftti&loiLU camera* absolutely FREE.

                 Write for FREE BOOK

         and Kddrcas for fate. new. niuntrated book on profa#-

New York Institute of Photography

r» 'pt.74 12 west 33rrt t N. Y. Ci r

Note: If you prefer to come to

( loafor Instruction write for ________

ne real nddresv: 10 W. :i3rd Street. N
City, or 6o0 S. Wabuh Are., Chicago

OWN A

one. F REE—Velvet

c. A

Week
No References

No delay. Nothing to sign.
Just say "Send l-c n..K No.
30.” and tell us your size.
This exguisicedesicn is in Gen-
uine Solid WhiteGold, daintily
chased, with the nost bril-
liant diamond reproduction
you ever saw—blazinn with
blue-white flames of electric
fire. A dazzling Rift for iwrae-
gift box. Send No Money.

f imply pay postman S3.7S and few ccnta postane on de-
livery, and aOc a v-cek after that ($11.75 in all). Satisfac-
tion or Money Iiack.

National Jewelry Co. Dept J-1I 24 East 21 St., New York.

 GHOST STORIES

ly audible. A man was shouting, in
Chinese. A woman was crying. Then
came shrieks and what I took to be the
sound of blows.

 I covered the steps in bounds. The
door at the top was unlocked. I was
in the hallway of the shack. The voices
came from the floor above. Apparently
the beating had stopped. The girl was
crying and pleading. The man was re-
plying angrily. I covered the flight to
the floor above speedily, hugging the
wall to prevent creaking of the steps.
Such noise as I made was drowned by
the voices above.	m

  I was at the door, stooped and looked
into the keyhole. But a key in the lock,
a cheap affair of an old type, blocked
me. I noted that a bar which had held
the door fast from the outside leaned
against the wall. Then came another
angry cry from the man, another blow
and a wild shriek from the girl. That
last sent me crazy with anger. Without
pausing to summon help, I placed my
revolver against the keyhole and fired.
It was the quickest way to break in. A
crash of falling metal followed the gun’s
report—then startled cries.

  I	threw my shoulder against the door.
It gave way. The next instant I was
inside, my pistol poised. Chino Joe
stood over the cowering Bow Ming, a
murderous-looking whip in his hand.

 "Drop that!” I roared, keeping him
covered while I helped the girl to her
feet. The whip fell to the floor and he
crossed his arms over his chest.

  ‘‘What do you mean by breaking into
my place?” he stammered, fighting to re-
gain his composure.

  “Only this, you yellow crook 1 I'm ar-
resting you for kidnapping Bow Ming
and—for the murder of Tsing Lai Lowl”

  His cruel features turned a sickly grey
at the announcement, but he tried to
force a grin. He shot a glance about as
if seeking some means of escape. But,
right then to our straining ears came the
sound of the police closing in—from the
yard — the hallway below — a dozen
points.

SUDDENLY Chino Joe straightened
up and shrugged. “In my country,”
he said slowly, “there is a proverb that
‘patience and a mulberry leaf will make
a silk gown.’ You have the patience.
You win. But—you shall not take Suing
Lum 1”

  With a gesture as swift as the dart of
a cobra, his right hand jerked from his
left sleeve. At the flash of steel I leaped
to stop him. But, too late. The dagger
apparently had gone to its mark. He
stumbled and dropped as I reached him
Then he coughed and for a moment tried
feebly to fight me off. The next instant
the slayer of old Tsing straightened out
at my feet—dead.

 That about completes the story—ex-
cept that we did find dope hidden in the
warehouse, though we did not succeed
in apprehending Chino Joe's confeder-
ates.

 As for Tom and Bow Ming—they were
married within the year.

  Do I really believe that I saw Tsing
Lai Low’s phantom standing at the win-
dow that night in the yellow quarter?

  I	can’t tell. I can't say that I didn’t.

  Tt has me guessing.

SEND NO
96

GHOST STORIES

 SElite Diamond

 IF YOU CAN TElLIT A DIAMOND

                        I C»rat Elite Diamonds. Match low

                        fortholr duzzlfn* rainbow brilliancy.
  /'ATmI You’ll bo dcliKlitcd. Elite Sins* su.-
  KHk CflH	pans all others. Stand ucirt und other

                  <dr/ teM- . Ii:mdi«.rocly Kcmrnvcd Rinjt.
  'WC t/A	Blarlmr Guaranteed. Look- like

                        S250.00 P. oud owner offered
                        $85.00 6 minutes after buying one.

 Tie Pm »d Coir Unis Gm W.S&5MK: SUP%££%»
 Gold Sstnllh .mall Elite Diamond'.. SEND NO MONEY. JustunM
 name, address and fln*er *l*«i When rinff errivra pay postman $3.89
 and pontage. Satisfaction Guarunioed. Write tooay. Cn*h with
 Canadian -rder. EUTE JEWELRY HOUSE, Dept. 298. 306 S.
 Wabash Ave.. CHICAOO. ILLINOIS_

WANTED-^jooMensWymen

Agents art^M^aDay

 Many of our Sales Agents make $72 a week
                      Writ® me today and In one week yon will have a
                      fine business of your own. Yes. I will send you
                      sworn proof of $14.86 a day or $2 to $3 an hour
                      for your spare time.
                      Paid daily in advance.
                      Bonus besides. Introduce
                      the most wonderful new
                      line of guaranteed hosiery
                      you ever saw. 126 styles and
                      colors for men. women and
                      children, including: men’s
                      latest novelty cashmere,
                      ladies' full fashioned pure
                      thread silk, chiffon Bilk,
                      mercerized lisle, etc. Beats
                      store prices. Must wear 4
                      months or new hose free.

New Selling Plan

                      brings amazing profits
                      right from the start. You
                      deliver or we deliver —
                      suit yourself. Noexperl-
                      ence needed. No license
                      fee to pay. We protect
                      our agents. Credit
                      given. Exclusive
                      territory. Extra bo-
                      nuB. Samples fur-
                      nished. You will
                      make big sales and profits
                      with our line of Guaranteed
                      Hosiery which Is backed by
                      an iom-clad guarantee.
                      Wilknit Hosiery Co.
                      No. 160, Greenfield, Ohio

Beautifully Shaped Lips!

                      M. Trilety's new lipshaper
                      together with Ita thick lip as-
                      tringent lotion, will now re-
                      duce protruding, prominent,
                      thick, unshapely lips to nor-
                      mal and thus improve your
                      facial features 100 per cent.
                      My new appliance is comfort-
                      able, easy to adjust, and Is
                      worn at night. It will also
                      promote correct breathing and
                      eliminate the harmful and an-
                      noying habit of snoring.

_	Write for full information,

 tcsUmonials, etc., without any obligation ou your part.
 M Trilety, Dept. 156, SP. Binghamton,N. Y.

A PERFECT LOOKING NOSE

                         Can Easily Be Yours
                         Trados Model No. 25

                         corrects now all ill-shaped
                         noses quickly, painlessly,
                         permanenUy, and comfort-
                         ably at home. It is the only
                         nosesliapinj! appliance of
                         precise adjustment and a
                         safe and guaranteed patent
                         device that will actually
                         give you a perfect looking
                         nose. Over 90,000 satisfied
                         users. For y:ars recom-
                         mended by physicians. 16
                         yearsof experiencein raanu
                         facturing Nose Shapers is at

                         Sour service.

                         lode! 25 jr. for children.

 Awarded Prize Medal by big Wembley Exposition.
 London, England Write for testimonials and free book-
 let, which tells you how to obtain a perfect looking nose.
 M. TRILETY. Pioneer No.e.hoping Specialiat
 Dept. 2696	Binghamton, N. Y.

Bargain SALE!

       OLID gold effect case
       i guaranteed 25 years.

   Rlchlv engraved. Railroad model

   with famous Leanard Regulator, i

  Adjusted for absolute accuracy.	_ .....

Backed by million dollarfactory.^^^^2^/^^^) GIVEN

 SEND NO MONEY MS

ss Zttiis	iff!

BRADLEY, N 529. Newton, MASS.

Your Nervous System!

PUT IT IN ORDER

      You can, if you go about it right. In his
  new book just published Bernarr Macfadden
  gives complete instruction on nerve building.

    “Strengthening the Nerves’*

      Your health, your strength, your success,
  your happiness depends upon the state of your
  nervous system. You can't be right and be
  nervous. The remedy is simple and easily
  applied. Just common-sense rules—that's ali.
  You'll enjoy practicing Mr. Macfadden's
  course and the benefit will be immediate.

    Get This Book at Our Risk

      Send $3.00 with order and this great 235-page
  book will be mailed to you postpaid within 24
  hours after your order is received. Or, if you
  wish it, we will send the book to you C. O. D.
  $3.00 plus delivery cliarges. Take five full
  days to examine the book and if you are not
  highly pleased with it, return it to us and we
  will cheerfully"tefund your money.
  MACFADDEN PUBLICATIONS. INC.

DEPT. G. S. I
1926 BROADWAY, NEW YORK CITY

TRAVEL FOR “UNCLE SAM”

 RAILWAY POSTAL CLERKS—51900 to $2700 YEAR

 Mail Carriers—Post-office Clerks	^,7^7“----

                              * Dept. D-279, Rochester, N. Y.

   MEN—BOYS 18 UP.
 Steady Work. No Layoffs $
 Paid Vacations ^

  Sira: Rush to me without charge: (1)
  Sample Railway Postal Clerk Coaching:
  (2) List of U. S. Government Jobs now

  Common Education Snfficiest A open to men and women. 18 up; (3)'Send
  Trarel—See Tour Country	32-page book. "Government Jobs."

  May 0. S. Cart. Job.

open to women / Name------------------------------------—

 MAIL COUPON /

IMMEDIATELY • Address.......................................

^Ihe Smartest Gift for the (Daintiestc%iss

 Indestructible pearls, mounted in lovely designs on slurred
 elastic—such are the new Pearlastics (patented) which lend
 elegance to evening or daytime wear and bridal outfits.
 Inexpensive, charming gifts, cannot be cheaply imitated.
 Beautifully boxed. All colors. Satisfaction guaranteed.
 Mail coupon NOW. Send No Money—Poy the Postman.

     ,* NAMBROOKS CO.. Dept. 81
     132 Nassau St., New York City.

 ♦ Please send.... pairs of Pearlastics. Check
 j, numbers wanted (17 □) (58 □) (S7 □) (56 □)

Colors.
Name..

Address

** City...............................State.

IDere Ijou born
In December ?

         (Continued, from page 58)
 strange vibrations of Uranus. This star
 was discovered in 1781 and it has the
 quality of always doing the unexpected.
 It upsets our judgment—makes us acl
 upon impulse—and, as the Sagittarian
 at the best of times is impulsive, and
 inclined to promise more than it is pos-
 sible to perform, the greatest self-control
 will be needed to combat the effect of
 these vibrations. If your birth occurred
 within this period, try to keep this in
 mind each day. It will help you.

 URANUS gives brilliancy of intellect,
 invention, and originality. He rules
 over electricity, and radio, and all the
 lajest scientific inventions. The present
 age is called the Uranian Age because
 the world is coming more and more un-
 der the influence of this weird planet.
 It is the star of astrology, occultism
 and genius, but it also governs all the
 cranks and eccentrics of the world.
 Sometimes it brings separations, and
 sudden calamities.

   If you are a Canceranian, born in the
 early part of July, or a Scorpion, born
 in November, Uranus promises unex-
 pected gain, or some very pleasant sur-
 prise for you. For, your vibrations arc
 now in harmony with his powerful rays.
 If, therefore, you are the child of emo-
 tional Cancer, or magnetic Scorpion, you
 may make a sudden change which will
 turn out very much to your advantage.
 You may form a new friendship which
 will change the whole current of your
 life, or, this influence may materialize
 as sudden gain through investment, or
 speculation.

   And, whatever comes, will come to
 you suddenly. This is a good time for
 you to travel—to join new societies or
 to associate yourself with some progres-
 sive movement, because the Uranian in-
 fluence seems to work better through
 numbers of people than through any one
 individual.

 IF your birth occurred at about this
 time, you will probably develop, or
 now possess, great application and per-
 severance. Do not grumble if you feel
 that you are overloaded with work’. You
 will be able to handle it and it will be
 the means of leading you to success.

   April and August are the luckiest
 months of the year for those born dur-
 ing the first three weeks of December.

   There is one thing you must not for-
 get, and it is this: the stars do'not make
 your destiny. You control your own life
 —within certain limitations. But, the
 stars do tell you whether the road of life
 along which you have to travel, is clear
 or not.

   Therefore, if along life’s road-way you
 find yourself faced with obstacles of all
 kinds and are feeling depressed and dis-
 couraged—remember, this is only a pass-
 ing phase.

   Remember also, that when you learn
 to see a little way ahead, and prepare
 yourself, the way becomes easier, and
 success is brought within your grasp.
LUMINOUS PAINT

       Make Your Watches, Clocks, Etc.,
       Visible by Night

           tlcnlly unobtainable except at si
 fled lo producing this rernarkablo LUM
 the surface of any article, emit* raya of white II
 In the dark. THE DARKER THE NIGHT,

    _ _________________________. light*, TT)

      -articles: make your own Luminous Crucifix.

  ____e containing sufficient to coat several small m.r..v«

  Si/ai OOoandtl postpaid. Jotmaoft Smith ACa^ De©t.8S2, Racino. Wis.

 Microphone Transmitter Button

                 You can easily make s highly ssn»i'.i*o deteetophone by
                 using this Transmitter Button to collect tl.e wund waves.
                 You c»n build your own outfit without buying expensive
                 equiprr^nt. It la iirnpla and inexpensive. You .can inn*
                 an outfit in youf home and hear conversation! being hem au
                 over the house. You can connect up different room* of a
                 hotel. This outfit was usrd by secret service operatives dur-
                 the war. It is be n* used on the state. It is ultra-sensi-
                 and is the creatent invention in n.:cro-phonc*. »ou can
                 :nt the button almoet anywhere—card b-'ard boxes, stove
                 s, stiff calendars, on the wall behind a picture frame, do.
                 ton ia ao U;ht and small it cannot be detected. Persons
                 be overheard without suspecting it. Sou can listen m on
                 conversations in another room. A d^af person in the audteneo
                 >h. piano or
                 hundreds of

                 ________._____ .	. hone trans-
 mitters: often makes an old line “t*l«-up" when nothin*
 else will. The ideal microphone for radio use: eatriee hesvy
 euneot and ts extremely sensitive. Ampl.fiee radio signals. Countless other similar
 vtn will suxscit thems-lvei. Espenmenters find the. Button useful for hundreds of
 experiment* alone the lin«s of telephones, amplifiers, loud speakers, etc. Many fa»ci-
 natinc stunta may bo deviwd, such as holdinc the button axainot the throat t
 to reproduce speeeh without sound waves. *5.00 is xiven to anyone who sen
 new sue test Inn f»r the use of the Button prnvidine the manufacturers nna it i
 sor use i» their literature. PRICE $ 1.00 POSTPAID ANYWHERE-

 JOHNSON SMITH & CO.. Dept. 852, Racine. WIs.

 i sneaker. Connected to phonnrraph. piano >
 ,1 instrument, music can be heard hui
 Button may be u»“d to renew telepho

 r chest

Female

 SEX INDICATOR

  Bold the MAGIC INDICATOR
  ,ovcr a man’* hand—instantly it

 J continuous circle.

 woman, etc. it Is fascinating: baffling,
 bow it'i done—but we’ve never a
 may be performed witb the Sex 1-------- _ ----

 obtained witb animal*, cat*, doga, rabbit*, over birds, chicken*. *.o., cw,
 Also used .to predetermine the sex of chicken* and birds, etc.. In fact it la sold a*
 a patented one teeter in Europe. Price 2Sc, or 3 for 65c. postpaid.

g; baffling. We have never been able to figure out
cr seen it fail. Many novel and entertaining feats
ex Indicator. For example, similar reaulta can be
• birds, c
i birds, e

 ANARCHIST BOMBS

 INVISIBLE INK

  Hie moat confidential

        it* Ink, fori
        MAKES NO

------ —nnot be seen

onlsas you know the ■*•

 other private metn-

 ----ms away from pryin*

 eyes. Great fun for playing
 practical Jok**. Only 1S« BotUa

. iese

—■ „1 a s e vials

 Q P*V a dropped In a
 j*— TOO® full Of
 people will
 tn SB cause more con-
 MWj y X Btcrnation than a
 t limburger cheese.

 The smell en-
 11 rely disappears in a short time.

SOc a Box, 3 Box** for 23c

MIDGET BIBLE

OREAT CURIOSITY

  Smallest Bible Id the world. Size of a
  postage stamp. 200 Pag®*. Said to
  bring good luck to the owner. A gen-
  uine work ol art. Must be seen to be
  appreciated. Make good money selling
  them to friends, church acquaintances.

 etc. PRICE ISc each. 3 tor 40c, 12	_

  for {US, XOO for *7.30. Also obtainable in Leather Binding,
  with gold edges. Price 50c each, 3 for $1.29, $4.50 per dox.

for use with Midget Bible. 15c.

KK.K

                Everything about the Ku Klux Klan told In a
                clear, fearless manner. Book telia all—How It
                started and was suppressed In 1S71—The New Ku
                Klux Klan—How organized—Uow members are
                enrolled—Oath of the Klan—Questions for Can-
                didate*—Creed—Objects of theOrder—Obedience
                —Fidelity—Wedge of Loyalty—Ku Klux Klan
                and the Mason*—The Jews—The Masons—Real
                ™0f c. Oath—The Neero Ku Klux Klan. ete., etc. Latest and most
                Complete book on the Klan published. Price, 35c, postpaid.

MAGICIAN’S OUTFIT

  Apparatus and Directions for a Number
  of MysteriouS'Trickg Enough for an
  Entire Evening’s Entertainment
  MW*ANYONE CAN DO THEM “ ~

j mystify inf your friends. Get
“	jid you will be the

  It \a cral f; _ . . .

  this Conjurer s Cabinet, _
  cleverest fellow in your district. It contains
  tbe apparatus for seven hmrat* Uicks, in-
  cluding The Duappcaring Kose, that, when
  nUced on the Upel of your coat, vanishes from
  suht at will; the Ma^io Vase and Ball Trick
  (a Wooden Ball is placed inside, and upon re-
  placin* the I'd ha* di.«%ppee/cd and is found
  in someone else'a pockcu; 'lhc Maaie Nai.
  with which you can j*pparently^cut your fuj*er
  almoat	. — . .

  open

 The Famous Dissolving Penny Trick; The Glare Goble
 coin ia dropped into a glass of water, and when the w
 vanished). With the Uick* described above
 performing each trick.

A "u*

 Coin Box _
 lound to hava
 i com of another denomination):
 ibict and Vanishing Com Trick (a

  amusement of their friends or the publio. Any hpy of ordinary inteliigenc*. with this
  Cabinet of Tricks in hia poseesaion, can give a parlor entertainment not inferior to
  some regular magicians. Beaidse the tricks contained In tl>e Cabinet, there are many
  Other feats and illusions fully explained with full printed instructions, for which you

" n'*k* °'ctHTs	“01 Tntta

 easily r
 for ONI

 LV 75 i

STAGE

MONEY

               proper
 time and peeling oB a genuine bill
 or two from the outside of the roll,
 the effect created will be found to
 be all that can be desired. Prices,
 postpaldi40 Bills20c. 125for 50c,
 or $3.50 thousand postpaid.

BLANK CARTRIDGE PISTOL

Price

      i to scare a burglar, whilst
      . it will probably prove just

 -----ive sa a revolver with real b

 lets, without the d*nger to life. _
 jakea.tbe standard^J Calibre Blank
 Cartridges, that are obtainable most
 everywhere. Even the roost timid
 women can use it witb perfect safe
 5ut risk to herself or anyone *

ct safety and frighten a thief wi

 Wonderful X-Ray Tube

                  nstrument pro*
                  duclng optfoal

___ Illusions both

   V/ IA6I surprising and
 ■ »UV ^BtartUnsTwithlt
 MON1 ass Wh.1 h sppuratjr th. boDM of
 jour	th. InA in • 1*4 patll. th. In-

 i»flof op«oiftf la s Dip. turn. *nd many othtr
 aimiUr (IIu,»m. A mjfUrr IM eg oto hM

 b-«n .bW to MtW^tonlr npkta. PrteHOs.
 > for25e, 1 down 75c. Mum Smith * C«.

           Good
           Luck
           Ring

 press only. 50c per 100. Johnson

Sneezing Powder

__________________ .. je.rth.lrr..

mark., u they never .u.pect tho re.)

Kurce. but think they h.v-----'*---

from the other. Betweei

tlie L'bjo ol your iff.. Kor o.rtlM. politi-
cal nw.tlns>. «	or «nr plM. •«
.11 where ther. I. . (.th.rlnc ot people.
It I. the srMt.st out. prtMlOcor?
lot 25c

brillisnt, Itaahlns ttmi aparklm. out of th.
•yea. Said hy many lo brmsOcSd Lodi to lb.
vtanr. h-ne. ita nam.. Oood L

BOYS! BOYS I

 Mystic Skeleton

 o^.ioMunlOc

 In. in height, will
 dance to music
 and perform vari-
 ous gyrations snd
 movements while
 th* operator

 Serpent’s Eggs

  Bo* contain. ]2 sen. When .
  lit with n match, each
  one eradually batchoo
  itacit into

S?7S

 curls and twist* about In a Cmost Ufa«
 like manner. Pries par boxIlOc ppd.

boys:

ck Rlac.

a pridsa

Exploding Cigarettes

 ------------- STARTLERS 1 The box

 contains t*n genuine cigarettea of excellent
 quality. They appear so real, but when each
 cifaratte ia*bout one-third smoked, tho victim

Popular Watch Charms

THROW YOUR VOICE

                                         Into a trunk, under the
                                         bed or anywhere. Lots of
                                         fun fooling the teacher,
                                         policeman or friends.

                         THE VENTRILO

                                        a little instrument, fits in the
                                        mouth out of sight, used with
                                        above for Bird Calls, etc. Any-
                                        one can use it.

 set,. vorr .mat mn>ri»o aa it iom oft with ~s Never Fails. A 16-page course on ventriloquism,
 PSMffVffgft* ** and the Ventrilo, ALL FOR lOc postpaid.

                  ITCHING POWDER

                                                  Thi9 is another good practical jolcc: the intense
                                                  discoinfiiure of your vicums to everyone but
                                                  themselves is thoroughly enjoyable. All that
                                                  is neccasary to start the ball rolling is to de-
                                                  posit a little of the powder on a person's hand
                                                  and the powder can be relied upon to do the
                                                  rest. The result is a vigorous scratch, then
                                                  some more scratch, and still some more.

                                    10c box, 3 boxes for 25c or 75c per doz boxes

                          Great Fire Eater

                                      Mod Sensational Trick of the Daj!

                                             With the Fire Eater

 Very, pnttr Utlla onrio.itlM snd decidedly
 novel. Fitted with Masmiyins Lenses thst
 •marge th* ptcturca to a very surprising degree;
 In fact, it seems almost incredible that a clear
 picture could be possible in such a small com*
 pass, and how sharp and distinct they show up
 when you look throneh. Come in assorted
 viewv—Actress, views o! Panama Canal,
 Lord. Piayat in typa. .to,

CIGARETTE MAKER

  BoD your own and save money,
  them better and quicker Iwidea amr\
  than half. Use your favorite b
  tobaeco. Naat, useful and handy. Pooket

 SSstf
  magic flute

WooderfbDj Swwl Tooed aad Musical

               _________.’omen*

                   i unique and noval
                   itrumant that la
                   l nose and mouth
                   _ Thors is luat a
                   1* knack in playing
                   which, when once so-
                   red after a little prac-
                   will snable you to
                   rodoogwy iwast
                   'tnmlo . tbal aotnewhat
                   ro.omble# » flota. There

  io--.

  ths sB»H Is as charming aa it it surprising.

Novelty Badges

Killing Prrmil JO'

          Gorier Jnaptetcr 10c
          >rel metal b.vlc*-«. nickel

iilat-ii. tl>at you ran «»vinx you fun
..." nf all proportion to their trAinf

 Ilm* c«
 r 7 Sc |

            in Lis possession any
  person can become a
  perfect salamander,
  apparently breathing
  lire and ejecting
  thousands of brilliant
  sparks from his
  mouth, to the horror
  and consternation of all beholders.
  Harmless fun for all times, seasons
  and places. If you wish to pro-
  duce a decided sensation In your
  nclghborliooc don't fall to procure
  cie. We send the Fire Eater with
  all the materials, in a handsome
  box, the cover of which Is highly
  ornamented with illustrations in
  various colors. Price of all com-
  ilcte only 30 conts, postpaid.

SQUIRT ROSE

25c

LOOK

  A REAL STARTLER. .... _ ....

  most popular of all souirt tricks. Ths
  flower in your coat looks so fresh and
  swret that everyone is templed to inhal*
  the deli.litful perfume. Then ia the mo«
  mcnt to prese the bulb. Geewhillikennl
  Don't they jump? There is * Tery long
  rubber tube that easily reach** to the
  gxwket of your coat or trousers, snd the
  bulb is large enouch to maki a dottn
  shot* with one loading. Pft)CC 25o
  ear A, or 3 /•» «5e poitpeid.

             Wonderful Instru-
 ment. Greatest thing
 yet. Nine sep-
 arate articles in
 one. Everybody
 delighted with it.
 Odd. curious and
 Interesting. Lot*
 of pleasure as well as
 very useful. It is a double
 Microscope for examining the wonders
 of nature. It Is also an Opera Glass.

 Stereoscope, a Burning Lens, a Reading’Glassra Tele-'
 rope, a Compass, a Pocket Mirror, and a Laryngascope
 —for examining eye, ear, nose and throat. It is worth all the cost
 to locate even one painful cinder in the eye. Folds flat and fits the

A DrLWilton0/ our n,w !»»■• CA TA LOU
mailei on receipt of tSc. Only hook of if. kind
in fxutUncf. 550 pot/tt of all the	trick*

in maair.tA* n*tr*st roir/hta. puuUt, qamtM,
rportxng goods, inter ruing book*. runoeidVs
inirrdeand planU.ete.. unprocurable «/•*-
where.

           ADDRESS ORDERS FOR AU. GOODS ON THIS PAGE TO

H JOHNSON SMITH & CO. dept. 852, RACINE, WIS.

 pocket. Something great—you need one. Don't miss it. Sent by
 mail, postpaid. Price, only 35c or 3 for *1.00 postpaid.

JAPANESE ROSE BUSHES

  The Wonder of the World

    Japanese Rose Bushes bloom all the jreer round. Just

    think ol It. Six weeks after planting the seed, the plants will
    be in full bloom. It may not Seem possible, liut we posi-
    tively guarantee It to be ao. They will bloom every

  ten week., Su*nmer of Winter, and when three years old the
  bush will be a maaa of ro.ee, tearing from five hundred to
  a thousand roses on each bush. The flowers are in three shades
  —white, pink, and crimson. The plants will do well both in and
  out doora. We guarantee at least three bushes to grow Irom each
  packet oi seed. Trice, 10c packet. 3 pkts. lor 25e postpaid.

Postage

Stamps

AMCtjuO
t “

\ •
%3

■t:

                            Wfj'i

Follow this Man!

  Secret Service Operator 38 Is on the Job

    Follow him through all the excitement of his chase of the counterfeit gang.

    See how a crafty operator works. Telltale finger prints on the lamp stand
    in the murdered girl’s room! The detective’s cigarette case is handled by
    the unsuspecting gangster, and a great mystery is solved. Better than
    fiction. It’s true, every word of it. No obligation. Just send the coupon.

FREE

The Confidential Reports
No. 38 Made to His Chief

    And the best part of it all is this. It may open your eyes to the great
    future for YOU as a highly paid Finger Print Expert. More men are
    needed right now. This school has taken men just like you and trained
    them for high official positions. This is the kind of work you would like.
    Days full of excitement. Big salaries. Rewards.

UNIVERSITY OF APPLIED SCIENCE
1920 Sunnyside Ave., Dept. 23-01 Chicago, 111,

Gentlemen: — Without any obligation whatever, send me the
Reports of Operator No, 38. also your illustrated Free Book oo
Finger Prints and your offer of a FREE course in Secret Serv-
ice Intelligence and the Free Professional Finger Print Ootfit.

Name.........-----------------------------

Address------------------------------------

......................-...............-Age.

Earn $2500to $10,OOO a Y ear

You Study at Home in Spare Time

     No advance education is needed. Any man who can read and
     write, and think can make good. A wonderful book tells all
     about what others have done. Shows pictures of real crimes
     and the men who solved them. We'll send you a FREE copy
     with the free reports. Get the special offer now being made.
     Mail the coupon.

University of Applied Science

1920 Sunnyside Ave., Dept. 23-01 Chicago, Illinois