
   ALL ROADS LEAD TO

Pears Soap

            OF JtLI SCEVTED SOJtPS PEJiRS' OTTO OF ROSE IS THE BEST.

                "AU rights seCMrrd.'
--1

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

S

I

New Victor Records are on sale at all dealers on the 28th of each month. Co and hear them.
Tell the substitutes: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye."

    To get best results, use only Victor Needles on Victor Records

i	Arthur Pryor
a Alice Lloyd

3	Harry Lauder

4	Edith Helena

5	Burt Shepard

6	Billy Murray

7	Clarice Vance

8	Richard Jose

9	Percy Hemus

10	Frank C. Stanley

11	Frederic C. Freemantel
ii William F! Hooley

13	John Bieling

14	Vesta Victoria

15	May Irwin

if John PRilip Sousa

17	Arthur Collins

18	Ada Jones

19	Harry Macdonough

20	Walter B. Rogers

21	Alice J. Shaw

22	DeWolf Hopper

23	S. H. Dudley

24	Byron G. Harlan

25	Eddie Morton

26	Len Spencer

27	Wm. H. Santelmann

28	Cal Stewart

29	Eugene Cowles

30	Harry Tally

31	Bob Roberts

32	Herbert L. Clarke

33	Corinne Morgan

34	Emil Muench

35	Edgar L. Davenpor^

36	Vess L. Ossman

37	Florence Hayward®®

38	Al. H. (Metz 1 Wilson

The best music and entertainment—loud, clear and

true to life—by the greatest bands and singers and
the most popular comedians of the vaudeville stage.

             Hear the Victor—any Victor dealer will

        gladly play it for you. $10 to $300.	V *

   Write for catalogues of the Victor and Victor Records.	I

Victor Talking Machine Co., Camden, N. J., U. S. A.

 Gramophone Co . Montreal. Canadian Distributors.

 HIS MASTERS VOICE

1
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

CLOSING OUT

      The late business depression compels us lo close out >ome of our large stock of books ml
prices that will enable us to turn a large amount into bills receivable. To Jo this quickly we
have cut prices lo cosi of manufacturing and In addition will present each

purchaser, absolutely free of cost, with a set of five handsome volumes. To prove our sin-
cerity we otter you a set of the greatest and most popular Historical Romances ever written—the
Library of Historical Romances by Mu hi bach in 18 handsome volumes bound in combination cloth
and stamped in gold—fully illustrated, etc , on easy monthly payments as follows: 50 cents after you
have examined them in your own home and $1.28 each month for 15 months. To ever)' purchaser
we will give absolutely lree a handsome set of Knights Library ol Hall Hours
ivlth Best Authors. The Knights Library comprises in its 4 big volumes of 2400 pages
and 100 illustrations, The Brsl H»at Man Has Written and Ttar Best That Man Has Spoken. It is a
Library of Oratory, Humor, Travel, Fiction, History. Science, Poetry, Essays, Philosophy, etc. Bound
in full Library Cloth (Dark Red) with gold top and gold stamping.

LIBRARY OF HISTORICAL ROMANCES

By MUHLBACH

In IN IJt-fjant Volumes. Ixiumi in imbir.n on An Ociih, Red and Green. stamped in cold, |>rolu*eiy Illustrated
with photogravure* mad* from Hi<.tonad Painting' ConUiiiinj over !M>00 page* ol the most IntercMint and lltotruc-
tive reading ever published, fhey . until n a h Mur> of the great ensis—in Germany. Franc*. Auvtria, Switzerland, England, Russia,
Pru-v t and cr-pt during 200 .can* <>f fttartling events All told in the mu>i interesting and ronuntic form—deserlblnu in
minute detail ail the great personage* ol lllntory—how they lived and loved.

SENT ON APPROVAL EXPRESS PAID

We cannot tell you ail about these great novel* on thU small pace, hut (he titles which follow * ai give an idea of the absorbing

■merest of ihenc treat romances.

Frederick the Ureat and Mis Family.

Berlin and «an» Soucl.

Goethe and 5-chiller.

The Merchant of Merlin.

Louisa ol Prunxia and Her Tin.es.

Old Frits and the New Era.

Andreas Holer.

Mohummeil Ali and Mis Mouse.

Henry the highth and Catherine Parr.

Napoleon and the Queen of Prussia.
The tmpress Josephine.

Napoleon and Blucher.

Quern Mortense.

Marie Antoinette and Her Son.
Prince Eugene and His Times.

The Daughter ol an Empress.
Joseph the Second and His Court.
Frederick the Great and His Court.

u

S

a

-

©

>

 00

GREATEST NOVELS EVER WRITTEN

SENT ON APPROVAL, EXPRESS PREPAID

usg"ocent)UK; Tail " ,0 us ?ndLwe wiU send bo,h se«* express paid. You to pay

 If vouSS not dPlSTS 'h„e b00ks and $1 28 Per mon'11 ^r 15 months, P V
 ar. not delighted with them return the books to us express collect

Prints } G“AND VOLUMES, Size 7^x5* inches.

ranted from large new type upon special paper. Illustrated with

 in pS CS 30	in Combination An Cloth and stamped

 in gold Rcad the coupon Sign II Now.

ASSOCIATED LIBRARIES PUB. CO.,

      No. 1 MADISON AVENUE, NEW YORK CITY

 C/5

M

N

m

*

 on

P-lr-oM

MAIL NOW

iw-^Uktrd Lihrtrlr.

                              Pub. l a—Semi me all
                              ctiari;rs |>repai>l nn» irt of
                              UBflllll OK lllsTIIKlrtl

             II <> M A X t* R‘S* in I* volumes
             twomt in comtnnalion cloth
             ami sUmpe't in iVulil, and t set of
             Knight* Ut)rar( of Half Hour? with
             R«t Auih-.rs In * Volmr.es bournl in full
             Ltt-rary Cloth, stamped in sold with
             gold !■>!» ir looks are satisfactory. 1 will
             r^mit to you mi cents after oaimtiatlon and
             }l -» each mouth for is months If I ,i
             not token; the books 1 will write «»kinK forsl.it!
             ping instructions. at your expense, within lo <uys

      Name
   Street,

City......

Tell the fiubatitutor: “No. thank you. 1 want what I adked for. Good-bye.'
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

COLONIAL PERFECT FITTING

Underwear

 and

Knit Jackets

                   Buy Direct

                  from us; save the middle-
                  man’s profit.

                   Best quality and perfect
                   fit guaranteed.

 Colonial Underwear,
 the climax of perfection, is
 offered direct to you from
 the mills entirely on its merits as the biggest
 value in the world.

    Colonial Underwear is reinforced where
 the >vear comes—not only fits right, but
 wears longer and is made better than all
 other garments of its kind. Send for our

free catalogue

tells all about Underwear and Knit Jackets
for men, women and children.
Satisfaction guaranteed or money refunded.

Colonial Knitting Mills A,,1T.^Ars"

 Turn your spare time into money. We will
 put you in on the ground floor and teach
 you the ''ins’* and "outs” of this bi?

Money-MaKing Business

 without one cent investment on your part.
 We will aid you with onr irresistible money
 refund guarantee sale9 plan that must result
 in your success. Grasp this opportunity and
 wnte us immediately.

 We Will Send You ABSOLUTELY FREE

  Our large illustrated catalog listing Watches.
  Diamonds, Jewelry, Silverware, in addition
  to which we give you the Inside confidential
  dealer's discount. Write this very minute—

  it means money to you.

 NATIONAL JOBBING & LAMOS CO.,

 Established iSt>S. 504 Trude Bldg., Chicago

ONLY

$1

     A Perfect Time-Keep-
     er. Calling the Hour
     and the Half-Hour.
     Nearly Two Feel High.

 Solid Walnut Case. So
 ornament for your

 14 Inches Wide in

beautiful and useful	,„ul

 den or your home—on such easy terms—mail us
 SI. 00 forone year's subscription to our magazine,
 then you pay $1.00 a month for only H months.

COMMON-SENSE PUBLISHING CO.

 Dept. 171. 91 Library Court. Chicago

LEARN TO WRITE
ADVERTISEMENTS

r Eaxiv
r a. SaJjvry of >
,$25. to SiOO.,

e^Week

w

HEN ihe business man
says: "1 want a Page-

          Davis Man" he has a
 reason for it; not a mere
 fancy. Business men do not deal
 with “fancies." They know the
 “why" and the “wherefore" in
 every case they decide. They know
 from experience and observation
 lhat Page-Davis men are qualified.

  They know where to apply for ca-
  pable advertising talent, therefore
  they waste no lime experimenting.

  So long as the Page-Davis School is the most substantial
  school of its kind in the world—so long as the Page-Davis
  School teaches advertising as it should be taught—?o long as
  men who graduate from the Page-Davis School prcduce ad-
  vertising matter that increases their business they say: "Yes
  Sir; we want a Page-Davis Man."

      The business man who employs a Page-Davis man
 finds him quick, efficient, better informed than any one he
 has employed before, and when the time comes that he is in
 need of another advertising man he is sure to say: "1 want a
 Page-Davis Man."

       A large advertising agency in Philadelphia calls regu-
  larly for a "Page-Davis Man." “We are indebted to ycu
  for furnishing us a good man before," they write. A branch
  office of one of the largest electrical concerns in the w orld
  found its first Page-Davis man so thoroughly trained that he
  was sent to the main office in New York, and made Adver-
  tising Manager-in-chief. That the advertising man who tcck
  his place at the branch office was a Page-Davis man and
  lhat every other advertising man they subsequently employed
  w as a Page-Davis man need hardly be stated. We can cile
  a book full of such instances. We want to show in how
  widely diversified fields the Page-Davis trained man is pre-
  pared to work. We want to show that there are opportu-
  nities for Page-Davis men in every line of endeavor where
  salaries of $25.00 to $100.00 is paid—that it is not only the
  retailer—not only the manufacturer who employs the P. ge-
  Davis man but the professor, the publisher and the adver-
  tising agent as well.

       In every line employers say: “Yes sir, I want a Page-
  Davis Man," and we offer you the opportunity lo qualify to
  answer the call: “1 AM A PAGE-DAVIS MAN."

     If you will write we will tell you how you can become aPage-Davi-
  Man. Just send in this coupon with your name and address plainly
  wrillen and we will send you threebccks—“our brauliful
  prospectus." a book of answers and "What it means	_

  lo be a Page-Davis Man." All FREE.

The coupon is for your conve- —asm

 nieoce. Use it if you prefer. A ^ «■*	V% 11 \J
 postal card will bring _ ^

Ihr full details lo	r\\\C&9°

V-S5>"

o\

 fit#*

 CHI'

 c,v»'c

 Vl*

 iell the subslitutor: “No, thank you, f want what I asked for. Good-bye.”
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

_/

Real Parisian Studies
and Oriental Life

marvelously pictured in thia

First Definitive Edition
/ 0f

De Maupassant's Writings

Translated by linguist* of
International reputation,
UDczpurgutcd.

  V	Introduction by

PAUL BOURGET
of the French Academy.

327 Short Stories, Novel*. Trav-
el*, Drum, Comedies and Verse.

SUPREME MASTER

OF THE

                                      SHORT STORY

 THE painter of humanity In word* who without hatred, without love, without anger, without
 pity, merciless as fire, immutable as late, holds a mirror up to life without attempting |ud«-
 '! rrienL No reading could be more delightful than his quaint, delicious SHORT STORIES in which
 b pictured with marvelous skill the vinle novelty of country jcenes, and the comedy and tragedy
 underlying the whirl of Parisian life, in which love and laughter, tragedy and tears run side by side.
 f Here are also embraced the remarkable Romances which caused Tolstoi to hail DE MAUPASSANT as
 the supreme realist and romance writer of his century. Included also are the Travels, Dramas and Verse,
 all sparkling with gems of description—Meissonier-like pictures in words.

vDC’

Maupassan

<M

,,	HANDSOME DELUXE BOOKS-ACTUALSIZE 8x5^-

[ ^	f«»Res printed from a new cast of French Elzevir type-elegant and clear—on pure white

I \' mare u<« Thrrl	P'!P7-' ma?e es^ciall>' for ,his edition. Pages have deckled edges and liberal

him Dei nx^rinth Ji h -n .'i°ns,from or,K'nal drawings. The books are exquisitely bouud in Blue Vel-
                       disinctive brown and Kold title label, silk headbands aid gold tops.	,

INTRODUCTORY OFFER—Coupon Saves 50% —MAIL TO-DAY.

lst!ie,first t,.me^t lla9 evcr possible to secure this great author’s Xthf

   r,	a erT I?ri.ces- The publishers have arranged for and just / WERNER

l	Ul^ltlon- and ^r a limited time are goTng to make a /cOMrANV.

'ntroduttory offer-This New Library edition, $51.00 value- / P.^eTe^0™

, fviti'?riw?in ?TsmalI monthly payments. The right is reserved to	pre^.d, for

I Withdraw tills offer Without notjee.	y/e.am.nation, the com-

p/°mpt retur7 of couP°n Will bring the books direct to y^AUPAS°SAHT,?nU*

>ou tor examination. On Approval, all exDress charges nre- /,pen <l17>	bound in

paid. Don’t delay.	*=*prest* cnarges pre-^B|uP Ve||um De Luj(e cloth ,f

         7	*	satisfactory, I will remit you $2 UO

           ’'n daVS “•"'.'""ion. If un»ti*(,o^,rSr«S„:Z"“
urn them at our cxpt-use. It satisfactory they are vours^^ * wi,l adviseyou within ten days,
for but a slight outlay each month.	/signature

THE WERNER COMPANY. Akron, O.y'aT”"

Voi>. iwe.	..... a

                   —-

Tell the subati tutor: "No. thank yuu, I want whut I aakeii for. fJood-bye.”
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

THE “SQUARE DEAL” IN ENCYCLOPEDIAS!

 No "prospectus." no "sample pages.” but the complete work Itselt sent
 lor examination at no cost to you

Webster’s New $8.50 Encyclopedic Dictionary FREE with each ot the lirst 100 orders!
MAGNIFICENT 1908 EDITION OF THE

NEW AMERICANIZED ENCYCLOPEDIA

Fifteen massive volumes, sumptuous binding. 10,000 double-column pages. 100 superb maps. 37,000
biographical references, hundreds of illustrations, colored plates of the rarest beauty.

V,.' *i_"
i,r, -J«» r. r“-

   A MATCHLESS     $1.00         Secures      A Home University, a College Educa- 
CHRISTMAS PRESENT. Sent Free for the Set.            lion. a Huge LlSrary.        
                                 Examination.                                     
The Most Extraordinary Book Bargain of this Generation.

 You have always meant to get an Encyclopedia—every intelligent man does. NOW IS THE TIME. The
                        eatest of all ENCYCLOPEDIAS puts you ten years ahead of yc

 roar less euter-

possession of this latest and greatest
prising neighbor.

   Other books tell you about ONE thing; this tells you EVERYTHING. It covers all epochs of literature,
all forms of government, all systems of religion. All marvels of science and invention, all the ulonous
achievements that have made history luminous and civilization possible are found in the ten thousand teeming
pages of these splendid volumes. Can YOU afford to do without it?

   If* Mitrklace Anfki-vcil-v The most brilliant thinkers of the century are enrolled as its contribu-
tes IViaicnicbb /AUinorliy. ^ors its writers include such men of world wide fame as Matthew
Arnold. James Bryce. John Morley. Andrew Lang. St. George Mivart. Canon Farrar. Lord Kelvin. Rotert^ m
Smith. Saintsbury, Swinburne. Simon Newcomb, John Kiske. Cardinal (iibbons. John Bach McMaster. Adm ral
Melville, Thomas' B. Reed, Carroll Wright, and these with hundreds of others equally famous- give it an
authority so overwhelming, so incomparable that it reigns without a rival in the realm of scholarship

^nofial Half	To emphasize the issue of the 1908 edition of this magnificent work

   opecmi iidii t i IL.C v-mici . Weare making for alimited time only a special introductory offer .
of just ONE HALF the regular price. The cloth set we price at ?37, the half morocco at Si*. Moreover, **
with each of the first hundred orders to reach us we will send absolutely FREE Webster's Huge New f the
Encyclopedic Dictionary, retailing regularly at §8 50. It is bound in Full Sheep, marbled edges, gold / BmUoi-
stamped and indexed. This combination gives you a magnificent reference library "f enormons
extent and unmatchable value.	X h* wk*

For Christmas a more satisfactory and delightful
gift cannot be imagined. It is useful, beautiful /nr(|l,|,,Mni|(|(
and a constant reminder of the giver. We will lay aside a set and ship in ample time be-	Sew *arri-

fore (Christmas to any address in U. S. or Canada.	nnu^ Ear?elopedi*

in h»ll morocco bliMlibf

Nn	Nntn Sign and mail the attached coupon and we will st yi»r special price

   Send l\o money Mow. ship vou a comple,e set for five days- free

examination. \ ou can return them AT OUR EXPENSE if thev fail to give Stu,. ,,ur, ,IB« UJ„f
you entire satisfaction. We pav all transportation cnarges. Should you decide ji no in .*■!. wiiiun fiv,- 1»<« »(ttr
to purchase, then send us $1.00 as first payment and pav the balance f receipt	and j: :.<• i~r

at the rate of $2,00 per month for the cloth and $2.50 per month for the half f u>nr»itn i .r richte-n n.(Tin*
morocco	f to r*m«ln in itie Boofclnver*’S-idil* un-

W 1,1,1	pricr lm* p.u<l If the

  Tin Nnt	Al these phenomenal prices, the introductory / b™*. mi	i.n,

   L-JO jyoi 1^/ClOy.	«I	I • I , - UT >. m,. rv , v ' rnomnti'- »nil lii't'' thmi -ni jfi i t.» < .'nr ot.lrr.

u XT	^ *cts will van sh like magic. Write TO-D.A^ S aWimil me	Kmr tovdncAa

Kemcmner, No risk! No obligation! \ou purchase only if sat- Dininnurj. «iii.ii i »m i« i«ri\- «i»uiuirij fhkk
isfied!	S aiiuuiii i rvuin Hie »«i-

An Ideal Christmas Gift.

THE B00KL0VERS’ SOCIETY

 Name.

156 FIFTH AVENUE

NEW YORK CITY

1! you prvler the cl*»th nihk.n iiipr $46.oo r. $:i7.00 to-.!
$2.60 rminII. t»> 12.00.

Tell the eubstitutor: “No, thank you, i want what I asked for. Good-bye.”
THE POPULAR MAC. AZ1SE A /> I t. R T1SER

      II you mis lo* than *25 per week I can DOUBLE y«u
  uluv u mccm* by irecbmif »ou hew to »i» catchy, u.i>ili«ervi

 lowiiiini __. .

      On. graduate Uk a 4IU.OOO place, anotkar *7.000. ud
  any numb*. earn ir<™ »I.S00 to *3.000 The cfevei head 4
  the tdvfiuwii lirpaiUMritl U it* Ul) <4 I rwv a year »«o waj a
  onoottf.

     Thor (M M» 'Ufn|jlri C9 pnaiJiUfi •■•Itiat Powd

  (raduatn. unj I»w drmand trcm advaruam io» ilwu mrnoa
  ntulupkn yea> by rear

      My tyttom oi 1i>miu<Ik« by Mad a I he only >ar u> rumcr
  I Hal hat ike hr arty rndcnrmrnl c4 the tfiral capaMi and peb-

  luhrn. and I am anuuue lo »rnd my (Vapniua end 'Net Kr-

  •uh*.’ Itwihn with ihe mow irraubUr tar annlr |iai na
  ipv«n .n I hr hielorv al nufra(a>iHiriu* muUurtKJt, i you air m-
  mnmj Sunpiy addreat <rw

  tEOItt M. HUHH.I. 1073 Mrlr»|ioliljn Ilian, hrw Yark

DO YOU LIKE TO DRAW?

That's all »e aant lo know.

                           • Mb i ■ ■ilraalv.l i/t.» «IU b»* rouTaa u.aic

                           ... »e« tout a .oi'V >4 U.h ,-K.n wilt. a.
                           .., »«•' , : ’ *ar«oll* ■ IftuCMalMl >mla
                           ...... elate. a«Hl l«l H* rM.u.n

                          1 tit v. U- EV ANS ScHLKJl OF LARTOONIMJ.
                          -M5 tk.nmuui.rc bidg.. Cle> cUnJ, O.

Government Positions

 vl -	,	.____new ItMUlrlOllTllaervicgpUoradllf.

                                      rll Her»lc „

 U«- |>aat yoai. tx.rUeut oppor-
 year w* Inatru.-t by mail
 of persona wbo p*aa Uieat* i-i&ralnationa and a larjii- alia re

46,712 ApfMwatMda IU€

for youus poopK

t.U*ll

,,r .t,—., in»rr appoiuiawmta «o Ufe pOUtUOOS al to*l,W0a y*a»

 I f u'u ik»-i»- a pnaltoo of Utia atitd. wrtia for oOl 1 tvll MFVtai Ait-
 vij.Mi.i, i-ouuuiiliin full informal loti about all jfoywnnient nwu-

 uaod by Uie Cirtl Berrtea Commtaaioo.
 COLUMBIAN CURRlSHHifltNCL COLLI EL. WASHING10N. 0. C.

STUDY

 LAW

 AT

HOME

I hr uUol ud bMI

■i* axul t«| hjani dm lr»e

Tkt *prmgue
€ wrrreftttiMttrnrv Krliuol
at' Law.

Ai a.j«.t>. HI4(. Itetrait, Mleb

 ll.ree u

^"WHY NOT BE AN ARTIST?

EARN $25 TO $100 PER WEEK I

   arid ui-war 4.'-. In e»aj f».«l«»il»* «ork (mniiunni of |
   IVravaal Mum* laairartlva I'* •»rr««polldencr >rr na.
   Kl< > i f. j miwewrful t*-a- imiif l:i|wrt m
   IWIImi runnuH a>ui|rtrn| nartrn. Wrlla fori
   tn lUul, rm.

  RTHOOL OF APPLIED ART -Founded 1898 •

   Su '.ajlrr/ Kloa xrta. battiv Creek, Hlcii.

 FREE PRIZE OFFER

      We hare jast made »rTanepnieotB whereby we mre able to offer to the readers of
 this maffastne » valuable prize. If they are able to copy this cartoon. Taka Your Panoll
 Now. and copy this sketch on a common piece of paper, and send It to os today: and
 If. In the estimation of our Art Directors, It is even 40 per cent as good as the orisinal
 we will mail to your address. FREE OF CHARGE FOR &IX MONTHS,

THE HOME EDUCATOR

 m	'« f“J>T illustrated, and contains special information penainin* to

 lUnstratinR Cartooning, etc., and is published for the benefit of those desirous of
 earning larger salaries . It is a Home Study magazine for ambitions persons wbo desire
 auocass I here is positively no monty consideration connected with this free offer.

      Copy this picture now and send it Lo na today.

     CORRESPONDENCE INSTITUTE OP AMERICA. DepL 126 Scrmnlon. Fa,

 I Teach Sign Painting CTI Lpfldlne Law

 Show Card Writing or LetterinC	O.rresiton.len

Read

■IV mail anti guarantee mcteu Only field not
■I'ercrowiied. My iniimction i« unrqualed be-
tauw liraciical. personal and thorough. Easy
lermv Write tor large catalogue.

THAI*. J. STItflXC. Pfr .

Detroit School of Lettering

l*f|>u *a. Itctrolu Hick.

"OMcn inrf larjent School of Ir, Kind"

                               School lo
                 Correspondence Instruc-
                 tion. Kautbllnhed 1802.

                      Prcp«r« forthtbar Tlirra Conrwa
                      Oillefr*, Pcai-0nKluatoaii4 Buimw
                      law. Meth'nl uS initrudloo eDni-
                      biBM theory and pru-tice Approved
                      by the baaeh and bar.

     < la>«e« henn earh month. Srnd for catalog living
  role* for admmion to the tarot the (everal (talc*.

 t lilracn Correspondence School of Law
 _ 53? ItcnixT Itl.M k. Chlvaro

LAW

Society

the Novel that has Startled

      A Little Brother

<)/lfteRlCh by Joseph Medill Patterson

*" - ...........—»*,>u ■ ■>— •* ..........

        oraea. prepaid on .ecelpl of price. SI.SO.	afife S.SCo-

              Tell the suostitutor: thank you. , waDl iJfZET
“The Gun-runner,” by Arthur Stringer, a complete novel of wireless-telegraphy,
in January number; also a Paine college-athletics story.

VOLUME XII

CONTENTS I 19 0 8

STOCKY BROWN. A Complete Novel, . .	Craig Middleton

A vital, stirring story of American life. East and West; full of incident and character.

A CASE OF PROFESSIONALISM. A Short Story,	Ralph D. Paine .

      One of Paine's inimitable collegc-athletics stories, with Hector Alonzo McGrath in a new
      r61e.

SHADOW REEF. A Two-part Story.....Louis Joseph Vance . . SS

     A surprising and thrilling tale of adventure and mystery in the South Seas.

THE STALKING OF PaUGUK. A Short Story, .	Herbert Quick .	108

     A tense drama of modern commercialism in a setting of the woods and open.

THE RUE MONTERA MYSTERY. A Short Story,	. F. Goron .	.114

      The ex-chief of the Paris detective police relates another baffling case in his career.

TONO-BUNGAY. A Serial Story.....H. G. Wells .	. 125

 The later instalments are more than fulfilling the earlier promise of this unusual serial.

THE COME-ON. A Complete Novelette, . . . A. M. Chisholm . . . 140
   Financial failure is paved with get-rich-quick intentions.

JACK BELLAMY, LAWBREAKER. A Series, .	B. M. Bower	16 1

     VII.—The Scai.es of Justice.

     In the final story of the series Jack Bellamy "gets what's coming to him.”

THE MAFIA AND THE CONTESSA. A Two-part Story, J. Kenilworth Egerton	171

 Anarchists and the Mafia shower unsolicited attentions on Tommy Williams in Sicily

A KEG OF AMBERGRIS. A Short Story,	Author of “The Black Barque” 192

      The cargo of a sperm-whaler is hardly as pleasant as it is valuable.

LOST CABIN MINE, a Serial Story, .... Frederick Niven	201

     A Western adventure story that is a masterpiece of its kind.

MR. GARFIELD’S MATRIMONIAL EXPERIMENT.	Walter Hackett .	22 I

    A Short Story.

     Very funny from the reader's standpoint; not quite so from Mr. Garfield's.

 Monthly Publication Issued by STREET & SMITH, 79-80 Seventh Avenue. New York.

 OK.MOND G. SMITH and CBOKCE C. smith. Proprietors.

 Copyright, 1908. by Street Si Smith. New York. Copyright, 1908, by Street & Smith. « real Britain. Alt Kickts Restr-.td
 Publishers everywhere are .autione.l against using an> of the contents of this Magazine either wholly or in part.

 Entered at New York Post Office as Second-class Matter, under Act of Congress of March 1879.

 WAKMNB—Do oot .ubicrlb. ihn.ugl, tgtou uoknooo to juu. Complaint, in Jail, m*l. bj pmou b>.« u«n thm tictlmlwd.

^[gAM.Y suBSCBirnoH	15 cento-
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Leave Your Wife a Regular Income

through the

New Monthly Income Policy

OF

 The Prudential

The one kind of Life Insurance policy
of most practical value to the woman.
It is the policy your wife would like,
because it gives her a sure monthly
income such as she is accustomed to.

This is the Safest Way

 to leave your
 life insurance. The
 monthly income
 cannot be encum-
 bered or deprecia-
 ted. The principal
 cannot be lost. All
 worry about safe
 investment is elim-
 inated.

The Cost is Low

Write for Rates at Your Age and Learn
How You can Provide an Absolute
Guaranteed Income for Your Family.

                Address Dept. 95

 Coat of Insuring an Income of

 $10 per month for 20 years.

At Age	Cost

of Insured	Per Year

25	.	. $29.41

30	.	. 33.47

35	.	.	38.76

40	.	.	45.76

45	.	.	55.20

50	.	.	68.11

 Other monthly sums up to
 $500 in proportion. The in-
 come is paid for not less than
 20 years.

The income can be made
payable for life of beneficiary
at slightly higher cost.

The Prudential Insurance Company of America

                   Incorporated as „ Stock Company by the State of New Jersey.

JOHN F. DRVDEN. President.	Home office, Newark. N. J.

Tell the aulstitutor: "No. thank you. I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

VOL. XII.	DECEMBER, 1908.	No. 2.

Stocky Brown

By Craig Middleton
Author of ‘1 Bud Afagmdcr, Bad Man," Elc.

the freshness an<l health of the girl’s
looks. She might have been some young
Judith of the wilderness as she stepped
across the ragged garden to the cabin
door.

  Inside the semidarkness made by the
drawn curtains of some dark cotton
stuff, her brother lav relaxed in sleep
upon an army cot. She stood in the
doorway watching him. The stern
beauty of her look softened. Her eyes
were able to discern in the tanned, boy-
ish, face with the closed eyes and the
half-smile some traces of the rosy little
boy she had adored with the whole-
hearted adoration of an older sister.
She passed softly through the room so
as not to disturb him. and in the lean-
to kitchen beyond busied herself with
preparations for the morning meal. By
and by she heard the sound of stirring
in the next room, and in an instant Red
Lawson appeared at the door. The
recollections that had made her glance
at him sleeping a tender one. were ban-
ished by the sight of him awake. There
was no longer any suggestion of rosy

T S I D E the cabin,
which perched itself
half-way up the bare
hillside, snuggling its
back against the slope
like a child seated upon
a father's knee, there
stood a small tent. The
tun had not climbed well over the east-
ern plateau when the flap of this tent
parted, and a girl, clear-eyed, rosy and
brown from her morning ablutions,
stepped outside. As she fastened the
flaps open that the air might penetrate
to the interior, you saw that it was an
improvised dressing-room, set forth
with rough benches holding pails and
tubs.

  For all her splendid young color
which, for a moment, blinded the eyes
of the beholders to less immediate ef-
fects, it was a somber face which
fronted the cabin. The broad fore-
head, the straight, fine, black eyebrows,
the delicately chiseled, unsmiling line of
the red lips, all produced an effect al-
most tragic, once one had gotten beyond
THE <PO<PUUI<H MAGAZINE

babyhood or innocent boyhood about
this gaping, stretching, unshorn young
bravo.

  “Lord, but I'm tired,” he remarked
between two yawns. “Did you hear me
come in last night ?"

  "Of course. And the next time you
mustn't try to come in so quietly. It
frightened me almost. Sounded so
creepy.”

  “Did you wake up before I came in.
or after?'* Red', manner was almost
anxiously questioning.

  “I didn’t hear you until the boards
creaked. Why? Was there some one
with you that you didn’t want me to
know about?" Crystal proceeded to the
heart of the matter with great direct-
ness.

  “Aw, don't you bother your head
about who was with me or who wasn't,"
advised her relieved brother. “Say, how
soon will the grub be ready?”

  She did not answer, but with com-
pressed lips and veiled eyes of anxiety
she went on with her simple prepara-
tions. By and by the feast was spread
upon the oilcloth-covered table—bacon
and biscuits and coffee. Red ate vora-
ciously, and his sister watched him,
keenly conscious of the fact that he
was avoiding her eyes. When he had
gulped down his second cup of coffee
and pushed his chair back from the
table, she broke the silence.

  “Wait a minute, Will.” she said—for
Red Lawson was “Red" in virtue of his
complexion rather than by any rights
of christening—“I want to speak to
you."

  Red scowled. For a moment it
seemed almost that he might refuse to
be questioned. Then sullenly he tunifed
toward her, tilting his chair against tlie
wall and filling his pipe as though to
make himself as comfortable as possi-
ble during what promised to be an un-
pleasant conference.

  Fire away, since you've got some-
thing on your chest again'," he re-
marked.

  “Rid"—there was the tension of
agony m the girl's clear voice—“where
ha->;°V bTcen th«*e last two weeksT

  Didnt I tell you I was goin’ out

prospectin' ?" The boy did not meet

his sister’s eyes.

  “Yes. you told me that- And I asked
you then, as I ask you now, why you
go about prospecting for new mines
when you aren't willing to work the
old claim enough even to keep title to
it?”

“Ah, the old claim's no good, and

you know it."

"I know nothing of the kind, and no
more do you. Father had the greatest

confidence in it. And since he—since
he died"—she choked a little—“you
have never been near it. Ten months
and you have never been near the place
that father believed so much in, that he
believed was going to make our for-
tunes. that lie died happy thinking it
would provide for us in the end."

  "It you're going to turn on the wa-
ter-works," said Red, squirming un-
easily. “I'm going to get out."

  “I'm not going to cry. But I am
worried half to death by the way you've
been acting the last six months, Will.
Where do you spend your time? Where
are you prospecting? With whom do
you go about? 1 know some of them,
and I shudder when I think of your
being their companion.' The most law-
less, the’ most dissolute—oh, Will, what
has changed you so?”

   "See here. Crystal." said Red angrily,
“you ain't been left my guardeen so far
as I’ve heard of. And I won't stand
for any more of this infernal snivclin'
an crym an' caterwaulin’. You don’t
like my friends—very well. As far as
I’ve noticed they don't trouble you
much with their society.”

  The girl looked at him without an-
ger but with a heart-breaking misery
more bitter than tears. For a minute
or two she did not speak and Red, a
little ashamed of himself despite his
bravado, feigned to be very busy with
his pipe-stem. Finally she said with a
sigh as though she gave u«p a struggle.

   “\ try well, Will, i ll try not to bother
you any more. I see that it does no
good at all. It only makes you angry
and puts you farther away from me.
But you are breaking my heart. When
I see my father's son going with the
STOCKY <B<ROWN

3

gang that you go with now, it almost
kills me. You know how I’ve worked
for you and father ever since I was a
child ten years old. You know how
I've tried to make you—such a dear
little fellow you were when you were
six, Will!—never miss your mother, and
how 1 tried to keep father’s house as
she had kept it. I know you are doing
wrong; I have no belief at all in these
prospecting trips you talk about. And
I am afraid, afraid—I don’t know what
of. Of all sorts of horrors—that those
men you go with will not only corrupt
you but will get you into actual dan-
ger of the law. Oh, I know they can-
not absolutely ruin you—some time you
will come out from under their influ-
ence. Aren't you father's and moth-
er’s? Aren’t you mine? But, oh, T am
so afraid, so afraid of what will happen
before you come to your senses again.”

  The boy’s face changed from sullen
to half-asham«d, and from ashamed to
wholly tender during this tense, pas-
sionate address from his sister. He
arose and came toward her, patting her
shoulder awkwardly.

  “There, there now, Crys,” he said
with clumsy attempts to be soothing.
"Don’t you take on so. Your brother’s
got a head on his shoulders. He’s not
going to get into trouble, and you must
remember that men look at things dif-
ferent from what women do. A fel-
low’s got to see a little fun. Don't you
worry. It’ll all come out right in the
wash. And you needn't worry either
about the old mine. Fin going to find
you a mine”—he laughed a slight, ex-
cited laugh—‘‘which will make that hole
in the ground of father’s look like thirty
cents. It'll be Europe for you. that’s
what it’ll be.”

  Far from reassuring her, this speech
seemed to fill her with new alarms. She
gave a little cry, and twisting in her
chair caught at his wrists.

  “Will,” .she begged him in a sort of
agony of affection, “swear to me that
you're not in with those Montevidean
cutthroats. Swear to me that you
haven’t been in their camp—lhat you
have nothing to do with their schemes,
lhat you-”

  Red released himself surlily, and
stood eying his sister in ugly fashion.

 “What do you know about any
Montevidean gang?’ lie demanded
fiercely. “Who’s been filling you up? ’
“Oh, I’ve heard rumors—everybody’s
heard them. But what are they to you?’’
She clung desperately tomttic hope which
she only half possessed. “What is it to
you? You’re not in with them—you
are not, Will! Robbers, murderers,
outlaws—oh, you are not in with them !”
It was a cry of agony at the end, her
appeal to him.

  “Of course I’m not,” declared Red,
releasing himself from her fingers.
“What put such a fool idea in your
head? Of course I'm not. An' besides,
you ain'i got any right that I know of
to talk like that about am one. You'd
better look to yourself before you begin
callin’ other people names.'- He tur;:ed
on his heel and went out toward the
corral where his horses were. The .uiri
watched him through the open dour
with miserable, loving eyes.

  “If only I could believe 3rou,” she
said woodenly. “If only I could believe
you. But I can't, I can't!”

II.

  On a pleasant afternoon in Oct' ber
Mr. Stocky Brown was walking down
Fifth Avenue with Miss Agatha Ram-
say. It would require no very expert
physiognomist, looking upon the in-
genuous countenance of the voting man,
to discover what his state of min ' was*
in regard to Miss Ramsay. Admira-
tion, not to call it adoration, beamed
from his gray-blue eyes. Devotion was
in the bending of his stalwart shoulders
toward her,

 Mr. John Randolph Brown was
known to his intimates—and they num-
bered at least three-quarters of Iris ac-
quaintance—by the endearing epithet
of “Stocky," on the law of opposites.
For he stood something over six-feet-
one in his stockings, and his magnifi-
cent breadth was carried lithely and
easily. People turned lo stare at the
handsome couple as they swept down
THE <PO<PUL4<R MAGAZINE

the street. Agatha Ramsay was rather
tall for a woman, and her graceful
stride kept pace with StockyI *c"
neath her brown ami violet toque her
pale gold hair caught the autumn sun-
light and wove her an aureole. lo
Stodkv’s reverent eyes this was quite as
it should be.t^Agafha, whom he was
at that moment escorting from tht cook-
ing-dass at St. Itartholomew's*Mission,
to which she s<» nobly. so magnificently
devoted two afternoons a week, was a
saint, no less. Me would have been
horrified, probably to the point of at-
tack. had any one informed him lhat
Agatha was a verv worldly little fad-
dist. and that the lower classes were
merely her tad of the moment.

  “Duncan was telling1 me last night."
remarked the young lady, “what you
will never tell me—how you charged
up the hill in a perfect shower of bul-
lets-"

  "Duncan was draw ing the long bow."
declared Stocky. "It was no more ex-
citing than going out to your uncle's
ham tor the eggs."

  "And how you snatched the flag, all
torn as it was. from one of the Span-
iard-. an. I how, stumbling hack, you
tripped upon an American soldier who
seemed dead, but who wasn't. For
when you fell upon him he gave a
groan. And then—oh. it was magnifi-
cent. magnificent!”—the girl’s voice
quivered with excitement, either real or
simulate>1 admirably—“you lifted him
and bore him back to your own lines."

  “Pretty story : pity it isn't true," mut-
tered Stocky, whose tanned face was
very red.

  “It was true, wasn’t it?"

  "Oh, cut off the trimmings, and there
may be something in it. Hut 1 say, I
don t want to Udk about that grand-
stand play. I want to talk about some-
thing much more interesting."

  " I here isn't anything in the world
more interesting than a deed of hero-
ism.'’ interrupted Agatha flatteringly,
softly, hut withal a little determinedly.

  "Heroism be—dropped," said Stocky,
' There is nothing in it. I tell you. It
was merely a dearth of news that day

that made all the war-cry papers take it
up. But now let’s talk about you.”

  Agatha shot a long, whimsical, provo-
cative glance at him from her velvety
brown eyes shaded with a perfect
thicket of dark lashes.

  “You aren’t going to be stupid, are
you ?” she asked,

  "Thai depends on your definition of
-tupiditv. I dare say I’m going to make
a fool of myself. But, you see, you—
you—you have a way of going to a fel-
low’s head."

  They were passing the Waldorf-As-
toria when Stocky reached this point
in the declaration which, unwise as he
felt it to be, he found crowding to his
lips. The afternoon press of vehicles
glittered and sparkled in the middle of
the roadway. Sumptuously dressed
women smiled from their victorias. Au-
tomobiles accommodated their pace
more or less to the crowded necessities
of the street. The pavements were
thronged with crowds of well-dressed
men and women, smiling, chatting, hur-
rying along, apparently the most pros-
perous. the most care-free community
in the world. Somehow, Agatha's
glance, sweeping from the tlower-
decked tables, visible through the hotel
windows, to the magnificent jumble of
equipages in the middle of the road,
seemed to be estimating something. So
significanfc'was her manner that Stockv's
gaze traveled with hers. When he had
noted it all—th<§ flowers through the
windows,* the orchids pinned to the
coats of the women walking or dri-
ving. the crush of vehicles—he turned
to lier with a slight look of bewilder-
ment in his honest eyes. She was smi-
ling at him with an imp of coquetry in
the corners at her mouth.

  “It’s all verv gay and pretty, isn’t
it ?" she asked him.

  "To be sure it is," agreed Stocky
promptly. "If you'd ever helped to
clean out a reconcentrado camp, if you'd
ever fed on army rations in a pestilen-
tial swamp, you’d know how gay and
pretty it all is. But what's that got
to do with—with what I was saying—
with you. with me—with us?" He
dropped his voice daringly on the last
STOCKY <B<ROWN

5

word. The young man who had won a
day’s renown in the manner which Miss
Ramsay had related was no coward
even when it came to making love to a
millionaire’s daughter.

  “I’m afraid it has a lot to do with
me,” Agatha answered, with what
seemed a regretful honesty. “It’s all
the life I know. It’s the only one I’ve
been trained for, the only one I’m fit
for. We don’t need to go on, do we?
I am showing you myself in this ugly
light only—perhaps I'm very vain—
only to spare you.”

  “You’re an angc!,’ declared Stocky
with fervor.

  “No. only a mercenary little beast,
who has a shrinking from the sight of
pain—and from the experience of pain.”
She spoke the last words in a lowered
voice.

  ‘‘You mean that you would be hurt,
too ?” Stocky Ss manner was rapturous
at the admission which he thought he
had surprised. He bumped into a pom-
pous old gentleman taking the air, and
scarcely heard that personage’s objur-
gations on his manners.

  “Ah, I meant nothing. Do not press
me. Be generous.” Agatha spoke al-
most in a whisper, or in what did duty
for one in the crowded, noisy thorough-
fare.

  Stocky had begun a word which
sounded suspiciously like the first syl-
lable of “darling,” when he saw Agatha
suddenly stiffen, suddenly bring her fea-
tures into the conventional lines of gay
indifference, and bow toward a han-
som turning the corner into Fifth Ave-
nue. Unconsciously he also assumed
the attitude of the ordinary young man
walking down-town with the ordinary
young woman on an ordinary after-
noon in October. He straightened and
glanced toward the hansom, lifting his
hat meantime. A man of forty perhaps,
leaning back in the cab, returned the
salutation, with a broad smile irradia-
ting his large beardless face.

  “It's Winterleigh,” remarked Stocky
in an injured tone. “Confound the fel-
low ! He's always in the way.”

  "lie doesn’t really seem to me to be

so awfully intrusive this time,” laughed
Agatha. “You wouldn’t deny him the
ordinary wayfarer’s right to the city’s
streets, would you?’

   “I’d be glad if he availed himself
more of the privileges of the city's
streets when you’re giving me a cup of
tea on the Square,” Stocky grumbled
half humorously. “He’s another one of
•us, isn’t he? The noble army of Miss
Ramsay’s pretenders, I mean.”

   “You’re a nonsensical boy,’’ declared
 Miss Ramsay. “You’re impulsive, head-
 long—leaping at conclusions, grasping
 at impossibilities-”

   “Crying for the moon—why don't you
say it?”

   “And now you accuse one of the most
eminent and level-headed person.^ in all
the community of folly equal t-» that
which you claim for yourself. Edward
Winterleigh a pretender indeed! The
district attorney's office has other things
to think of, Mr. John Randolph Brown,
than idle, silly girls.”

   “Winterleigh isn’t on the job then as
 much as the taxpayers could wish,”
 laughed Stocky. “Or else he suspects
 you of being in league with criminals
 and considers your mother’s drawing-
 room a sort of annex to the detective
 department.”

   “Well, I shall listen to no more of
your jesting.” declared Agatha with de-
cision. “I'm going to run in to see
Loretta Whiting over hereon Gramercy
Park. You—you won't let what we
have been saying make any difference,
will you ?“ There was a pleading sweet-
ness in her voice. “You know, even if
I am a worldling, I need a friend or
two. And what would mama's salon be
if deprived of its latest and most glit-
tering ornament, a true hero, fresh
snatched from the Cuban battle-field?
She simply adores Duncan now. though
a few months aq;o he was the least-fa-
vored of her nephews, for bringing you
into her radius. So, on her account—
you'll let things be just the same, won’t
you ?”

   There was always an admixture of
mockery in her sweetness, and her cold-
est utterances were always touched with
something that seemed earnest and ap-
6

THE <POVULA<R MAGAZINE

 pealing. This made it difficult for the
 listener, who desired to believe her
 wholly one thing or the other, to dis-
 cover just what she was. Stocky, d* -
 Siring to think her half saint and all
 woman, an adorable combination of the
 celestial and the charming, found
 grounds for the faith that was in him
 in her manner if not in her words.

  “Can’t I walk a* far as Mrs. Whit-
ing’s with you ? No? Why not?"

  °Ah. yOu didn’t understand. It isn’t
easv for me. Maybe I've had my little
vision and my little dream, loo. And I
want to put them immediately away—
perhaps. At any rate I won’t see any
more of you to-day."

  "At least I’ll steer you through this
jam." said Stocky, turning east with
her. "Tell me something—ili I were a
rich fellow1—if I were an able fellow
—if I-’’

  "Vou. a hero, wanting to change
places with any one! What a foolish
thing!”

  “Hero be hanged!” said Stocky an-
grily. "I’m talking sense now. If I
were a different sort of fellow—dif-
ferently placed-"

  "Oh. if wishes were horses, beggars
might ride,” declared Miss Ramsay im-
patiently.

  “Well, I’m going to see it I can’t
rob a stable or do something of that
son,” threatened Stocky. "So I must
leave you here? Well, the queen’s
command—good-by."

  "Until to-morrow/’ said Agatha soft-
ly as she left him.

III.

  I hat Mr. Stocky Brow n's young head
was in a whirl upon his shoulders as he
turned back from the cast side of
Broadway was do particular criticism
upon the quality of his intellect. Older
men, wiser men, more experienced men
than he, had found themselves treading
the earth rather dizzily on Agatha
Ramsay’s account. That young lady,
considering her youth, had a rather as-
tounding record of—she would not be
coarse enough to call them flirtations—

to her credit. Had she been born into
another circle than that of wealth there
i- no knowing how wide a swath she
might have cut. As ii was. she did her
be-t, considering the cramping circum-
stances of chaperonage and protection
in which she lived,

  But had Agatha been mneh less allur-
ing, much less intoxicating than nature
and training had made her, it would
have been no marvel if Stocky Brown
had still felt somewhat light-headed
after their encounter. Stocky*s best
friends never claimed for him judgment,
moderation or any of tin great con-
servative virtues of the world. W hat-
ever was wild, whatever was daredevil,
whatever was hot-headedly, whole-
heartedly foolish—that was what was
expected of Stocky on all occasions, and
seldom did the youth disappoint expec-
tation.

  Take the matter of his heroism, for
example. What was Stocky Brown do-
ing in Cuba? Why was he not where
he should have been, in the pleasant
confines of an elm-shaded New England
college on the day when he snatched
his laurels from Fame? Because of
that same hot unreasoning head of his.
Stocky, a junior at the Roger Williams
University, lately arrived at the age of
twenty-two, had found the thought of
the wrongs of the Cuban> too much to
bear in the placid quiet of the class-
rooms. The result was that he had been
off to town an<l had enlisted at the
earliest possible opportunity.

  How his Uncle Eberfezer, who had
disapproved of everything that Stocky
had done since the moment he entered
the world—even going so fundamental-
ly far as to disapprove of Stocky’s
choice of a mother—had stormed when
he heard of that enlistment! How he
had called high Heaven and his inti-
mate friends to witness that he had al-
ways foreseen and. foreseeing, had al-
ways and in all places foretold, what
the result of Mrs. Brown’s method of
rearing her son would be.

  “The one folly of my brother’s life, ’
Ebenezer Brown, commission merchant
on West Street, trader of the old school,
slow, thrifty, exact, had wailed. "He
STOCKY <B<ROWN

7

went South to see about the Virginia
eggs—and he comes home with a wife!
A wife, if you please! A hit of thistle-
down! It was the only foolish thing I
ever knew my brother John to do. She
knew nothing—poor Laura—she had
nothing. Of course, after he' died and
left me joint guardian with her of the
boy, I tried to do my'best for them both.
There was something about her—I
don’t know what it was—but she sort
of wrapped around you. But she’d have
no advice about John Junior. I'd have
taken him into the business when he
was fourteen—as a boy, of course, to
run errands and sweep out the place,
and begin where my brother and I be-
gan. But she would have none of it.

  “He must go to school, he must go
to college! He must have his head
crammed full of all kinds of romantic
nonsense and useless notions. I asked
her where the money was to come from.
She retorted with spirit—she had the
funniest outbreaks of fiery temper for
such a gentle, frail little thing—that she
would pay for his education herself if
she had to go out sewing to do it. Sew-
ing! Of course 1 had to give in, and
the miserable pittance that they had—
for John, my brother, had soM out his
share of our business to me and had
made some foolish investments with the
money, leaving his widow and boy next
to nothing—*went very largely for that
boy’s schooling. I’ll say one thing for
him, though, wild and harum-scarum as
he was, he always loved that little wom-
an. And when she died—she died when
he had been at Roger Williams about
a year and a half—he was nearly
heart-broken. T wanted him to come
away then and come right into the
House, but he didn’t seem to liave any
use for the business, and declared he
was going to carry out his mother’s
wishes. I wonder how much he was
thinking of his mother’s wishes when
he cutoff to Cuba.”

  In spite of his grumbling, which was
sincere enough, Mr. Ebenezer Brown
could not restrain some slight avuncu-
lar pride in the achievements of Stocky
at the front. Upon the young man’s
much-heralded return, he showed his

appreciation of the fair renown he had
bestowed upon the family name by once
more offering him a position in the
West Street commission business. But
Stocky, inflamed and inflated by war
and glory, was less inclined than ever
toward the concern. He had delicate-
ly hinted that if his uncle could see
his way to handing over the whole of
his inheritance now instead of waiting
until he was twenty-five, as the terms of
John Brown’s will had commanded, he
would appreciate that token of affec-
tion and confidence. But that was one
which Uncle Ebenezer did not feel in-
clined to make. He remarked, tartly
enough, that he would continue to pay
out the income of the principal on the
first day of each quarter, as.heretofore.
He could see nothing in the fact that
Stockv had made a spectacular fo 1 of
himself, doing dangerous things in
Cuba, for believing that he had learned
how to take care of money.

  It was, as may be perceived from this
history, a somewhat poverty-stricken
hero who left Miss Ramsay on East
Twenty-first Street and ’ returned
moodily toward the Avenue. It was
the first time that the lack of money
had ever seriously oppressed him. Of
course it was always more or less an-
noying. but Stocky had had, on the
whole, unextravagant tastes, alw ays pre-
ferring adventure to vice. But now it
seemed to him that virtue was in league
with the desire for wealth, that it was
with the highest and holiest part of him
that he longed for money.

  He had strode disconsolately half-
way up the Avenue again, when he ran
into Duncan Ramsay, through whom he
had made his acquaintance with
Agatha and her mama on his return
from Cuba. Duncan was just about to
turn in to his club, and thither he
dragged the not unwilling Stocky. All
of the Ramsay connection, indeed all
the Ramsay entourage—with the pos-
sible exception of Mr. Edward Winter-
leigh—were very dear to Stockv in
these days.

  In the club-house the first person on
whom Stocky’s eyes alighted was Win-
terleigh. He nodded somewhat surlily
8

THE <POVULSl<R MAGAZINE

toward the big man, lit felt that here
was an alliance, which, even though ii
was nut financially splendid, was much
more worthy Agailia Ramsay. If Win-
ter lei gh did not yet have a vast fortune,
he had at least brains, lie had position,
he had the things which a mere news-
paper-created hero uf a war could never
hope to have.

  Winterlcigh greeted him cordially,
lie was a large man, this bulwark of
the district ait< mey's office, ilis broad
face was rattier sallow but not un-
wholesome! v so. His large body did
out have the effect which so many
large men give, of unhealthiness. \ou
would say that he put on flesh because
he did not trouble to deny himself any
of the flesh-producing goods of life, but
that he kept ii in moderate control by
gentlemanly habits of exercise and
grooming. Beneath his massive fore-
head a pair of very remarkable eyes
looked out upon Stocky. They were
the kind of eyes you sometimes see in
pictures of medieval Italian priests and
potentati -—cold, immensely calculating,
immensely far-seeing, passionless in
one sense and yet suggesting invinci-
bility in passion.

  Stocky received him with a sort of
boyish hostility. It was one of Stockv’s
failings never to be able to disguise his
feelings. Winterlcigh, however, disre-
garded his attitude entirely, and under
the genial influence of his conversa-
tion. to say nothing of whiskies, and
sodas, the young man began to thaw
out. Somehow, lie scarcely knew how,
the talk got around to money. Every
one in the little group had some anec-
dote to relate of fortunes suddenly
made, of the lucky moment securely
grasped. Stocky listened with eager
eyes. Winterlcigh studied him at-
tentively a> he leaned forward and
drank in these tale1! of sudden showers
of gold.

  It was after Winterlcigh had gone
that Evans, with whom Winterlcigh
had been talking when Stocky entered
the club, addressed the boy half laugh-
ingly.

   "1 didn't like to mention it before old
Ned," he said, “since lie's in the district

attorney’s office and is known to be so
keen after the gambling-dens. But the
fellow that made the most instantaneous
fortune that I know anything about laid
the foundations one night at Jarmcad's,

I ie was just plain gambling and had
one of those runs of bull luck that hap-
pen every now and then to the green-
horn. He’d gone into the place with
something like fifty dollars. lie came
out with something over four thou-
sand. And the next day, since for-
tune had resolved to play the bountiful
lady with him, he got a chance to go
in on an engineering deal that turned
him in fifty thousand before the end
of the year. He’s a millionaire now.
'Tisn’t a Sunday-school story, is it?”

  “Not exactly,” agreed Stocky. The
boy’s gray eyes were very bright and
glittering. 11 is face was a little flushed.
If only some such luck as this could
come to him!

  “Ever been to Jarmcad’s?” pursued
Evans. Stocky shook his head. *‘lt's
worth seeing. He’s really done it up
in great shape. If you care for lhat
sort of thing—I don’t mean the ex-
citement of the game, but the sight of
what’s what in the town—I’ll take you
around some night."

 “When?" demanded Stock}' with
startling directness.

  "Oh, any time. Have you anything
on for to-night r" Stocky shook his
head again. “Then what's the matter
with to-night? Dine here with me and
we’ll go around there later.” Stock)'
laughed boisterously as be accepted the
invitation.

  With the beautiful insolence of youth,
it seemed to him impossible that any en-
terprise ujion which he had set his
heart and whole desire could fail. Sure-
ly, to love Agatha Ramsay was merely
natural. To desire to win her was in-
evitable. The desire to make himself
worthy with whatever sort of worthi-
ness cither <1ie or her family demanded
—this was surely a righteous underta-
king. Gambling in itself held no horror
for him. Too many penny-ante games
had been played beneath the roof of
Roger Williams itself. So Stocky, in-
flamed by his afternoon's talk with the
STOCKY <B<ROWN

9

girl, inflamed by the tales of sudden
wealth which had followed upon that
talk, somewhat inflamed by the before-
dinner and during-dinner and after-
dinner drinks at the club, went
joyously forth that night to seek his
fortunes in the most unlikely of all
places—Jarmead's. lie was able to
feel as righteous as a knight entering a
tourney. Was it not all for Agatha?

  Had he been less filled with the
vision of her, less bent upon making
the vision his own, he would have been
able to take an intelligent sightseer’s
interest in Jarmead's, which was indeed
well worth attention. But as it was, the
decorous house on the quiet side street
—a house in nowise different from its
brownstone neighbors—the quiet, sump-
tuous interior, the decorations, the
paneled woodwork, the wonderful glass
of the electroliers, the paintings, the
statuary, the soft rugs—all the appur-
tenances that had made Jarmead's the
most remarkable place of its kind in the
country and had given its proprietor a
double reputation of king gambler and
connoisseur—all these passed almost
unseen before Stocky's retina. The
fever burned in his veins to win money.
It was for that and that alone that he
was there. He felt that his star shone
upon him that night. He was eager to
begin. The little decencies of intercourse
which Evans was observing irritated
him with a sense of wasted time. Rou-
lette—the bettor against the house—
would have been his choice of entertain-
ment, but somehow, he scarcely knew
how, Evans had contrived to make him
one of a party of poker-players in one
of the rooms. He sat down to the cards
hot and excited. He had perhaps fifty
dollars in his pockets. He ground his
teeth together in the determination to
multiply them.

  I he other men, friends of Evans,
habitues of the place, took the situation
easily and indifferently. They did not-
seem to notice Stocky’s tension. When
the first winnings fell to-him, they were
politely oblivious of his unprofessional
jubilation. They lost to him with yawns.

  The wonder of it all was that they
continued to lo-c. There was some

fluctuation in tHus play, and Stocky was
not uniformly the winner. But when at
two o’clock in tire morning they pushed
their chairs back from the table he had
several hundred dollars in his posses-
sion. His eyes were bloodshot with
the strain and the maddening excite-
ment of it. His hands shook as he
stuffed bills and coin into his pockets,
and he struggled in vain to make his
voice bland and indifferent in acquies-
cing when one of the men said languid-
ly: “Guess I'll have to give <ou a check,
old man.”

  He went out into the cool of the
night, into the deserted streets, their
darkness punctuated here ancj there
with white light, almost staggering. He
had won! He had won! It was his
fate—he was to be successful in all that
he undertook, in every step that should
lead him to the goal of his desires.
This paltry four or five hundred dol-
lars wras nothing but an omen, nothing
but the declaration that the fates fought
his fight with him. W hat was ir those
fellows had said about to-morrow night
and their revenge? What was it
Evans had ?aid about trying it out
again to-morrow night ? Oh, he would
give them all the revenge they de-
manded! To-morrow night again he
would multiply by ten what he brought
in with him, and then to him also
might come that chance of investment
as it did to the man of whom Evans
had told.

  He walked half of what remained of
the night to weary himself enough for
sleep. He must force the blood that
bounded so madly through him to more
orderly coursing. He must cease this
wild multiplication of huge sums in his
brain. He must get rid of the beckon-
ing, glancing vision of Agatha. And
so he walked miles upon miles through
the deserted streets.

  In the morning he was somewhat re-
freshed, and swaggered very boldly
down-town. The array of a florist’s
windows caught his eyes. He went in.
He would send a votive offering to the
goddess who ruledhis destiny. Orchids,
pink and lavender and white, in a great
mass—Stocky was surprised but not
10

THE <PQ<PULA<R MAGAZINE

disturbed to learn tipir price—went
speeding down to Washington Square.

  There were some lilies-of-tlie-vulley
that caught his eye as he turned to
leave the store, lie paused, demanded
to know their price. The florist told
him with the prompt deference due a
young man who had just placed >o
large an order. Stocky placed another
order. It was for the cemetery be-
yond the city where his mother lay.

  “She always loved those little white
bells,” he told himself chokingly as he
left the place. “She always loved them.
Poor little mother!"

IV.

  There was a crush of carriages that
afternoon on the north side of Wash-
ington Square. Early as it was in the
season—indeed, the season could not be
said to have begun at all—Mrs. Ram-
say's little reception for the Danish ac-
tress was rather well attended. Mrs.
Ramsay’s affairs were held to be “so
different.” That was Mr>. Ramsay’s
boast.

  “My dear," she was wont to explain
at times, “1 don't care for money, I
don't care for family, I don't care for
position. The only thing I really ask
is that every member of society have
some gift to cheer the ennui of society
as a whole. People with brains, people
with accomplishments, people with
charm, even people with merely aston-
ishing beauty—all of these are so much
more worth while than millions or than
any number of lines in the Blue Book.”

  \\ hereat the initiated might be for-
given for smiling a little. For Mrs.
Ramsay, though indeed a lion-collector
of no mean repute, was the wife'of a
millionaire. And though she hospitably
and with much catholicity of taste in-
vited lo her drawing-room all who could
contribute to its gaiety or its “differ-
ence. it was shrewdly suspected by the
character-readers that Mrs. Ramsay’s
patronage of the arts and sciences in
the persons of their impecunious pro-
fessor-, would never lead her to lose a
penny.

On this particular afternoon, as has
been said, the polite fiction that nobody

was in town yet was belied by the buzz
and flutter in her drawing-room. The
Dani>h actress, slim and fair and slight-
ly insolent, was proving such an attrac-
tion as Mrs. Ramsay had hoped. It
was late when Edward Winterleigh ap-
peared in the doorway. There were a
good many men already present—a po-
lite sprinkling of critics, editors, and
purtrait-painters giving the tone that
Mrs. Ramsay loved—but the newcomer
immediately dominated the scene. It
was not merely the question of bulk,
though he loomed large beside the crim-
son velvet curtain; there were other
men of incite* and of girth in the as-
sembly. It was not merely the combi
nation of intellect, sensuality and power
in his face, though in each of these at-
tributes he excelled all the others in the
room. It was not merely that he held
himself with that indefinable air of
knowledge, of authority, which makes a
man distinguished in any company. But
it was the suggestion—vague, scarcely
definable, yet actually present in the
man—of subtlety, perhaps of cruelty,
which marked him apart from the others
of the crowd. Large as he was, brotd as
was his face, healthily clear as was his
skin, he always succeeded in giving the
effect of something medieval, something
inquisitorial. It was, as Agatha Ram-
say had once told him, as though Car-
dinal Richelieu had come to inhabit
the body of a bon-vivaut, or Torque-
mada had put on the fleshly covering
of a successful politician.

  Mrs. Ramsay greeted him very cor-
dially. She liked to think that her salon
approximated those London ones of
which we read, where political plots are
hatched and great ladies have a linger
in the governmental 'pie.

  “I'm flattered," she told him. “The
papers implied this afternoon that there
were mysterious activities in your of-
fice. and we always associate those with
you since you secured those indictments
against the Mutual and the Ontario."

  “Oh, the papers!” Winterleigh dis-
missed them lightly. His eyes were
searching the room. When he saw
Agatha, however, he did not permit
them to proclaim the fact.
STOCKY <B<ROWN

  “Well, aren't you planning something
particularly exdting?"his hostess asked.

  “Well, yes, there is a little party on
which ought to prove interesting. But
it's a common, vulgar affair—nothing
for ladies’ shell-like ears."

  “Oh, our poor ears!’’ laughed Mrs.
Ramsay. “They’re used to everything
in these degenerate days. They've been
inoculated to all sorts of things.'’

  “Oh. but this isn’t even interesting,"
he assured her. “Merely—of course, I
rely on your discretion, though I imag-
ine that no one in this assemblage is in
league with our opponents—it's merely
a gambling matter. We want to stamp
it out if we can.”

  “Ah !’’ Mrs. Ramsay’s voice became
vague and uninterested. This was
scarcely the juicy morsel of political
gossip for which she had hoped. Her
eyes, turning toward the door by which
Stock}- Brown, very alert and trium-
phant in his bearing, was just enter-
ing, gave Winterleigh his dismissal.
1 Ie made his way to Agatlia, who was
flirting violently in a corner with a
young man from the Danish consulate,
who had come to pay his respects to a
fellow countryman.

  Stocky, afier he had paid his respects
to his hostess, glanced around for
Agatha. As though bent upon thwart-
ing him, Mrs. Ramsay introduced him
tq some girls who insisted upon ex-
claiming and gushing over his Cuban
experiences. Stocky, scowling and em-
barrassed, parried their—he called it
“guff"—and feasted his eyes on the
sight of Winterleigh in intimate con-
versation with Agatha. ITe was very
much in love and he was something of
a young simpleton still as far as the
reading of social signs went, but even
to his englamoured eyes it was evident
that Agatha was playing with the dis-
trict attorney.

  “By the way." he interrupted the
young woman who was still gurgling
on about charges and flags and
wounded comrades, “who’s Winter-
leigh? T don’t mean what's his job or
who is he now, but where did he come
from ? How long has he been in these
parts?"

  “Oh, haven't you ever, heard about
that? It was very romantic—nothing,
of course, like leading forlorn hopes or

standing at the cannon's mouth-”

  “Ah, please let up,” pleaded Stocky.
The girl laughed and went on:

  “Why, about six years ago some
Westerner—a bad man from Colorado
or Wyoming or some of those places—
came East to spend some money. Our
New York ways didn't appeal to him.
He didn’t like the conduct of some of
those who tried to help him spend the
money, and eventually there was shoot-
ing, unfortunately murder. Well, noth-
ing would do the hasty-tempered gen-
tleman from the West but that a West-
ern lawyer whom he knew should be
his counsel. He was really a wealthy
man, you see, and a great many very
good New York lawyers were perfect-
ly sure that the)’ could prove murder
justifiable in his ca=e, but he scorned
thena all. ‘Where's Ed Winterleigh?’
he demanded, and kept the wires hot
with demands that that gentleman come
and get him out of the hole into which
he had gotten himself. Well, Mr. Win-
terleigh came—and saw and conquered.
He opened offices here, and about two
years ago got into the district attor-
ney's office. ”

  At that instant Winterleigh, under a
big laurel-bush, wa< throwing hack his
head and laughing with that peculiar
vim which only a “racy" story produces
in such a man. Agatha, whose utter-
ances had provoked this mirth, was
looking at him with a little smile of
restrained satisfaction. Stocky scowled
more than ever. He gave a snort ex-
pressive of contempt for the material
which the district attorney’s office had
acquired in Mr. Winterleigh, and de-
manded abruptly:

  “Any money ?"

  “Nothing to speak of." said the young
lady calmly. “A hundred thousand or
so. perhaps, but nothing in"—she smiled
a little maliciously toward the corner
in which Agatha was disporting her-
self—“nothing in the Ramsays' class at
all, of course.’’

  *Poor Stocky! He thought of the
five thousand dollars which would be
12

77/£ <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

liis entire fortune in tour years an'!
of the income which he derived from
it now. And Winterleigh with "a hun-
dred thousand or so" was not in the
Ramsays’ cl a ■•-! Then lie thought of
his luck of the night before, of the luck
which he was sure would he his to-
night, of the >p!vtu|id wa\ in which lie
was going to force fortune to his own
ends. He banished the scowl, and buoy-
antly approached Agatha’s corner. She
thanked him for his orchids in a way
that set his pulses beating, 11 . so
gentle, so inti male, so underst;. ling.
Winterlcigh, hearing the thanks, looked
a trifle annoyed for the fraction of a
second, and Agatha’s sentence may
have been held therefore to do double
execution, r*-using- one man's jealousy
and another’s hopes.

  That night Stocky, with the obliging
Evans, Once more approached Jar-
mead's. The decorous doors swung
open to them, the softly carpeted stairs
noiselessly received their footfalls*
Stocky’> heart beat high with hope.
“There is a tide in the affairs of men,
which, taken at the full, leads on to for-
tune.” he reminded himself jubilantly
out of his small stock of literary recol-
lections. “Which, taken at the full,
leads on to fortune." To fortune and
Agatha!

  This night he staked himself against
the house and began to play roulette.
So firmly had he persuaded himself of
the assurance of his success that he was
as much perplexed when luck began to
go against him as though he were
working a mathematical proposition
which suddenly began to give absurd
results in spite of tlu? accuracy of all
the preliminary steps. Why, his -tar
was in the ascendant—he had told him-
self so! The- world was to be his oys-
ter. to be opened with a knife of Jar-
mead s providing. And here luck—he
forgot lhat luck was no fixed quantity
but a very erratic and uncertain lady
indeed—here luck was actually going
against him! lie snapped his jaws to-
gether and doggedly went on.

  1 he other men who were betting
upon the turn of the wheel gave Mm
very little notice. The flushing or the

pallor of young fools was no new mat-
ter for most of them. The dealer,
monotonously' calling the turns of the
play, paid no attention to him. lie
grew whiter and whiter as luck re-
mained persistently against him. His
eyes began to sink hack in his head un-
der the strained intensity of his gaze.
His forehead, beneath liis fair brown
hair, was beaded with cold drops. Now
he would bet a tiny sura, determining
to make no Napoleonic plays until once
again destiny played with him instead
of against him. But after a few bets
this would pall, and he would reckless-
ly place a larger bet. challenging luck
as it were. But the wheel revolved in-
different to his moods, the dealer made
his announcements with quiet and mo-
notony. and the other men played with
almost bored familiarity.

  By and by—it was w hen he was sta-
king his ]a>t ten dollars, the last money
of all that which he had v.on the night
before—it seemed to Stocky that his
collar was choking him. He tugged
at it and at his cravat, and succeeded in
wrenching the linen buttonhole from
the button. Two or three persons did
look at him then, somewhat coi’ly and
disapprovingly. One was heard to re-
mark to another as they left the rou-
lette-table where they had stopped
merely for a casual bet, and proceeded
toward one of the rooms devoted to
cards, that Jarmcad's was no place for
a boy who didn't know how to behave
himself. “Hang it,” said the man, “if
they haven’t the money to lose, why,
damn it. do they come here? Do they
mistake Jarmead’s for a branch of the
Charity Organization Society?”

  Stocky watched the revolution of the
wheel tiiat last time with eyes tairly
starting from their sockets. Evans
from a doorway looked*at him and
shook his head.

  "Poor beggar! That seems to wind
him up. I wonder what Winterleigh’s
got it in for him for?”

  The wheel spun, spun more slowly,
finally stopped. The dt aler unemotion-
ally announced tlie result. Stocky gave
a hoarse laugh. The last cent of his
winnings, the last of hi- quarterly al-
STOCKY <BrROWN

13

lowance, was now gone. He would
not be able to buy a scat on the Stock
Exchange in the morning or a partner-
ship in a brokerage concern or any of
those glorious wild things he had been
planning. He turned away from the
table, and his place was taken by some
one else.

  On the sideboard in the room were
decanters thoughtfully provided by
Jarmead for his guests. Stocky, already
staggering from the shock of his loss,
made toward the buffet. One of the at-
tendants poured him out a stiff drink
of whisky at his request—his own hand
was shaking so that he could not hold
the bottle. He had just taken the glass
from the man’s hand, when there was
a sudden crash of breaking glass all
over the house. Every one turned,
every one jumped. The crash was fol-
lowed by another. Then there was
the sound of wooden panels being
beaten down.

  “My God, a raid!” cried some one.
and pell-mell out of the room the gam-
blers piled making for the stairway.
Quite uselessly, for at the top of the
stairs stood a cordon of policemen. At
the same instant through the windows
and doors of the first lloor a score of
uniformed men appeared.

   Stocky, stunned, unfamiliar with his
.surroundings, was still standing by the
sideboard, his collar torn, the glass of
whisky in his hand. He gazed bewil-
dered at the body of policemen. They
were accompanied by men in plain
clothes—some detectives, some report-
ers, some photographers. Taking
charge of the whole affair, was no other
than Winterleigh. The policemen
rushed from room to room, confiscating
the gambling paraphernalia, arresting
gamblers. The reporters and photog-
raphers were doing their work with
equal efficiency, and still Stocky stood
staring. Evans came rushing to him
and whispered to him.

  “Don't give your own name, of
course, old man. Nobody ever does.”

  “Give my own name where, when?”
demanded Stocky stupidly.

  “At the station," explained Evans
calmly.

  There was a flash-light explosion.
The photographers were busy.

  “At the station?" Stocky was still
dazed.

  “Yes,” said Evans impatiently. “The
station. We’re all under arrest—don't
you understand ? We’ll be hauled over
to the Tenderloin station. Jarmead's
man, Gaynor. will put up bail for us,
and it’ll be all right. Only don't give
your own name. Fix your collar, old
man. What's the matter with you. any-
way ?”

  “Oh,” Stocky tried to achieve an airy
tone of voice, "I've just been cleaned
out—that's all."

  “That’s nothing—happens to all of
us now and then. You’ll get it back
again."

  And then Stocky felt a strong hand
upon his shoulder, and he was advised
to come along now and make no row.
He followed the advice implicitly, as
did all the other gentlemen who were
caught that night at Jarmead'.-. At the
police-station he had sufficiently recov-
ered his wits to follow the general ex-
ample and give an absurd name in place
of his own and an address which would
have been some place in the North
River had it been discoverable.

  But alas for the hero! The next
morning’s papers, with their flamboyant
accounts of Winterleigb's long-planned
raid upon Jarmead’s long-defiant estab-
lishment. had beside last night’s photo-
graph of “Solomon Applewhite of 963
West Twenty-seventh Street" the dead-
ly parallel of “Private John Randolph
Brown, hero of the skirmish at Man-
zenita.” There was a six months' dif-
erence in date, but Stocky, the gambler,
except for the slight matter of the torn
collar, was Stocky, the hero of the
skirmish. He saw the papers and knew
that his shame—for it seemed that to
him—would be known that day to his
saint. Agatha: would be known that day
to his guardian, his Uncle Ebenezer. He
stuck his hands deep into his empty
pockets and screwed his mouth into a
whistle. But there were tears in his
eyes, and when the telephone-bell in
his room rang he went laggingly, mis-
erably, toward it.
14

THE VOVULA^R MAGAZINE

V.

  By nightfall of that wretched day
Stocky felt with the Psalmist that all
the waves had gone over him. He was
bruised and buffeted. Reporter alter
reporter had tried to invade his room to
glean his version of the famous raid
from the district attorney’s office.
Stocky, to be sure, had ferociously de-
nied himself to all of them, but the ir-
ritating jangle of the telephone-bell in
his ears prefatory to the announcement
of their presence had worn on his
nerves. He had not been able to deny
himself to I' tele Ebenezer when that
worthy man. looking absurdly like an
animated and vastly chagrined russet
apple, had bounced into his room and
had sputtered and sizzled like one of
the fruit which he suggested over a
Hallowe'en fire.

  Was this, he had wanted to know, his
hand shaking on the damning newspa-
per. was this—this disgraceful, this out-
rageous, this unbelievable story true?
Was his nephew not only gambling but
gambling at Jarmead’s, the resort of
the spendthrift and the profligate?
Stocky sullenly admitted that Uncle
Ebenezer’s nephew had been so en-
gaged. Tie did not try to utter any
words of extenuation. lie felt that the
worthy commission merchant would
scarcely appreciate the point of view of
a young man who was try ing to lay the
foundations of fortune and of domestic
bliss in Jarmead’s. .

  When Uncle Ebenezer, satisfied or
at any rate assured that none other than
his nephew was the reprobate of the
morning newspaper stories, he fell to
abusing Stocky's mother. He could
have told her, he declared, twenty years
before just what her courses would
lead to. It almost seemed that he had
foreseen through every month of
Stocky's childhood and youth that night
at Jarmead’s, that he could have fore-
told to the hour when Winterleigh’s
great raid was to befall! Stocky’s sul-
lenness changed to active rage when the
irascible old man began to transfer the
blame for the night's occurrences from
Stocky’s own broad shoulders to those

of the gentle, loving, gay little woman
on whose grave the lilies-of-the-valky
were withering that moment. And ac-
tive rage had led to a total disruption
between the two. As a matter of fact,
Uncle Ebenezer had sought his nephew
with the design of reading him a furi-
ous lecture on ethics and of advancing
him a small portion of his next quarter-
ly allowance. But contact with the boy
had curdled the milk of kindness in his
breast, and he hail gone out breathing
renunciation of the lad and vowing a
determination not to let him have his
money an hour in advance of the time
when it was due.

  "< )h. be hanged to you and the money,
too!” Stock) s final remark had been.
It had left Ebenezer gaspingly speech-
less at the moment, for never before
had his nephew been verbally disre-
spectful of him. But Stocky had
slammed the door before the old gentle-
man had recovered words, and so he
stumped to the elevator and snorted
down in it.

  It was late in the afternoon before he
screwed his miserable courage to the
point of calling up Agatha Ramsay.
All day long liis thought had been:
“What must she think of me, what must
she think of me?" For Agatha was
firmly enshrined in his heart as a saint.
Pity for human folly he admitted might
be one of her saintlike attributes, but
it would only be pity tor human folly
decently removed from her own vicinity.
And never had he wanted her presence,
the charm of her eves, the sweetness of
her smile, as he did on that bruised day.
It seemed to him that if she could he
less a goddess titan he knew her to be,
if she could, say, defer judgment, and
for just one hour he tender and healing,
he might again face the world and
somehow redeem himself.

  At the Ramsays there was a pretty
fiction maintained that Agatha was
jeune fiUc. No depth of knowledge
beaming iti her beautiful eyes, no world-
ly; wicked mockery dancing about her
mouth, no swift, subtle understanding
permitted this theory to be overthrown.
And as jcuHc fillc it was the law of the
establishment that whoever wished to
STOCKY <B'-'ROWN

15

speak to her upon the telephone must
approach her through her mother. Con-
sequently, after Stocky’s preliminaries
with the servant, he was switched to
Mrs. Ramsay’s boudoir. She recog-
nized his voice for all its wobegone
heaviness.

  ‘*Ah. is that you, Mrs. Ramsay? This
is Mr. Brown—Mr. Randolph Brown.
Is there any chance at all of my catch-
ing Miss Ramsay at home?”

  “Oh, Mr. Brown!.” Mrs. Ramsay’s
voice was vivacious and not too un-
friendly. Stocky’s heart beat hopefully,
“I’m afraid that Agatha is not at
home.”

  “Oh, not at home," echoed Stocky
dolorously at the other end of the wire.
But Mrs. Ramsay was a good general,
and it suddenly occurred to her that
here was her opportunity to do some-
thing, the necessity of which she had
been lately observing. Here was her
chance—now that she had used Mr.
John Randolph Brown, hero of Man-
zanita, to the fullest possible extent in
her list of attractions—to get rid of
handsome young Mr. Stocky Brown,
hopelessly ineligible parti, before her
foolish daughter's zest for emotional
experiences should lead her into some
ridiculous situation. So she answered
crisply:

  ‘Til be quite frank with you, Mr.
Brown. Agatha is at home, but I do
not think it wise that she should—that
you and she should have any conversa-
tion to-day. The papers—they were
mistaken, possibly, but the resemblance
between that unfortunate young man
last night and your photograph-”

  "Oh, there was no mistake,” said
Stocky valiantly. “Your friend, Mr.
Winterleigh"—his heart swelled with
hot jealousy as he said the name—
"will tell you that it was I myself and
no other. But is playing for money
such a black crime?" Stocky knew well
enough the stakes for which bridge was
played at Mrs. Ramsay's.

  “There's no black crime in the Whole
catalogue," Mrs. Ramsay assured him
mellifluously, "except getting in the pa-
pers and being poor. You mustn’t
think me too harsh or worldly, but we

mothers must look out for our little
girls. Even if you were a Vanderbilt
and I had proof that you were a fre-
quenter of gambling-places. I should
think it wiser to curtail your associa-
tion with Agatha. As it is—don't think
me unkind—but I really must say that
you had better not try to see her at
present. For your own sake, you know,
too. A young girl has her ideal>—and
Agatha thought of you as a real friend.
To-day's revelations have hurt her.”

  So ! He had committed the crowning
infamy. He had hurt that tender heart
in its tenderest place! He had hurt
Agatha in her ideals, in her trust, in
her friendship. Mrs.. Ramsay’s pro-
hibition, for he understood it well
enough to be that, was for the moment
nothing in comparison with this other
horror. To have hurt Agatha!

  He was back at the table again with
his hot, tired forehead upon his hands,
when, without the preliminary telephon-
ing, there came a sharp rap on his door.
He called out a miserable "Come in,"
and Edward Winterleigh responded to
the summons.

  "My dear fellow," cried the district
attorney, "I am perfectly overcome to
have gotten you in this hole!" Stocky
bewilderedly took the hand which Win-
terleigh extended toward him, bewil-
deredly he searched the broad, genial
face. Winterleigh seemed genuinely
concerned.

  “Why, you didn't get me into any
hole,” declared Stocky. "I got myself
there with my infernal folly."

  "Oh, *of course, we are all the orig-
inal causes of our bad times ! But I was
the secondary cause of yours, and I’m
sorry for it. If I had had an idea that
you were a frequenter of Jarmead’s I
should certainly have given you warn-
ing—I know I could have trusted you
to that extent. We've been leading up
to this raid for weeks. You know all
about it—the precinct detectives and of-
ficers were never able to get any evi-
dence against the place! That miracu-
lous blindness of their-! So I planned
this thing over their heads. But if I

had had any idea-" He broke off

and then resumed again: "Brown, old
16

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

man. how am 1 going tu make it up to
you ?”

  “Oh, don’t bother about me," said
Stocky, still a little bewildered. “There’s,
no earthly reason why you should. I
was a blithering tool to be in the place.
I got caught—and those wretched cuts
of me that flooded the papers after Man-
zanita did my business for me. Have
a drink, won’t you?” He hospitably
drew forward bottles and a siphon from
the litter of papers on the desk.

  Winterleigh watched him as he
dragged himself to the bell to ring for
ice and as he produced a couple of
glasses from the little medicine-chest in
his bathroom. Any one watching Win-
terleigh must have thought that he was
genuinely concerned for the person
whom he watched, that he was earnestly
thinking what could he done for him.
When Stocky came back with the para-
phernalia for the drink, Winterleigh
leaned back in his chair and addressed
him.

  “See here. Brown.’’ he said. “This is
no town for you at present. You’re too
active for us, anyway. Ten years of
real life—the real life of the army, or
the navy, or the plains, might tone down
your youthful energy to the place where
you belong with the plodding multitude
here. Why don’t you go West ? It's
the place today the foundation of a for-
tune—a better place than Jarmead’s,”
he added, with the flicker of a smile. ‘‘It
would get you out of this momentary
unpleasantnes—of course, it’s only
momentary—hut at the same time it’s
unpleasant. It would give- you a
chance.”

   ‘ ^,c ^ es;t S'eems rather an indefinite
post-office address," growled Stocky un-
interestedly.

  Into \\ interlcigh’s eves, bent upon
Stocky's face, thero came an expression
that for the moment suggested cruelty
and bate. It was gone before Stocky,
who had been raising his glass to his
lips, had placet! that again on the table
beside him.

  “You mean that you have no West-
ern affiliations which would make it
easy for you t? start in out there ?"
W interleigh asked amiably.

   “I don’t remember a single acquaint-
ance we-t of the Alleghenies.”

   “Well, 1 came from those pans, and
1 have enough acquaintances. God
knows, to stock you, if you care to go.
Think it over, Brown. I'm genuine-
ly upset about this affair of last night
and its effect upon you. I'd really like
to make it up to you in some way if 1
con’d. 1 know the West, and I know
it’s the place for a man of your energies.
If you\l care to £o out and look around
you. I've had a letter within the week
from an old running-matc of mine out
there who wants a foreman for his
ranch—a fellow who could make some
kind of an impression on Ea.-tem buy-
ers, and who knows the rudiments of
arithmetic and grammar as well as how
to brand a maverick. A month or two
would lit you in those accomplishments
which you haven't already got. What
do you say?"

   What did he say? For the first time
that wretched day a glimmer of life ran
through Stocky. The West—large
spaces, fresh air, the open life, freedom
—all these things struck some respon-
sive chord in him as they almost in-
variably do in high-spirited youth. The
West—the chance to blow out of him
all those soiled and sordid fancies that
were connected with his two nights* ex-
periences at Jarmead’s! The chance—
the real chance—to win a fortune, and,
purified by sunlight and air and whole-
some activities, to come back and find
Agatha waiting. For -urely she liked
him a little, and surely if she liked him
she would wait for him. But to go
away from her—how could he do that?
And all the time Winterleigh watched
him out of steady, calculating eyes.

   “It’s awfully good of you, Winter-
leigh,'' said Stocky finally. “But, after
all. however appealing such a prospect
is to me. I can't take it up. I’m cleaned
out until next quarter and I’ve got to
hustle around this town and try to get
something to keep me going until then.”

  “I don’t want to discourage you,”
said Winterkigh, smiling, “but this
morning’s papers are the worst sort of
a recommendation for a young man
looking for work in this city. And
STOCKY <B<ROWi\

17

  what kind of work do you mean, any-
  way? Clerkship, salesman’s job?
  That’s not the sort of thing1 for you.”
  No, Stocky acknowledged miserably
  to himself, those were not the jobs for
  him. and it was true that his recent es-
  capade would be no great recommenda-
  tion to a careful employer. Winter-
  leigh saw* the working of his mind
  plainly on his ingenuous face.

   “As for the money”—a swift raising
of Stocky's chin warned Winterleigh
not to go on in exactly the same vein
that he had begun. “As for the money,
if you made up your mind to anything
of the sort that I've been suggesting,
there isn't a particle of doubt that that
gnarled old nut of an uncle of yours
would advance you what you need.”
Stocky’s chin resumed its normal posi-
tion in relation to the rest of his body,
and he nodded absently. Winterleigh
rose and stood beside him. placing a
friendly hand upon his shoulder. ‘‘Don't
reject me now, at any rale,” he con-
: eluded. “Think it over and let me hear
from you to-morrow or the next day.”
‘T don’t believe 1 need any more
i time,” answered Stocky slowly, and
i raising honest, grateful eyes to his
t friend. “If you can arrange with my

>	uncle. I think I’ll jump at the chance,
t And—and”—he grew red as he strug-
i gled to express himself—“it's blamed
I good of you to take the trouble with
; such a blundering young fool as I am.”
'“Oh. that's all right. As I said, I feel
t myself the secondary cause of your
» troubles. Suppose I see old Mr. Brown
in the morning and let you know what
he says.”

   Stocky, remembering on what terms
  he himself had parted from his uncle,
  inclined to the belief that diplomacy
  suggested another mediator with that

•	old man than himself. So he only said
; again gratefully: “You're awfully
| good.”

   When Mr. Edward Winterleigh un-

•	dertook to accomplish things they were
; apt to be accomplished. By the after-
t noon "f the following day Stocky was in
i receipt of a stilted communication from
I his uncle announcing that he would ad-

•	vance from the youth’s next allowance

       2

enough money for a railroad-ticket to
the point Mr. Winterleigh had designa-
ted and for whatever sort of an outfit
would be necessary for the new life.
He added, still more stiltedly, that he
would add to this sum a small one
which he would ask his nephew to ac-
cept as a gift from him. Even more
precisely, he named a day on which lie
would be glad to see his nephew in his
office on West Street.

  So it was arranged. The Ramsay
telephone, to be sure, was obdurate, and
Mrs. Ramsay merely assured Mr.
Brown that she would deliver his fare-
wells to her daughter. Agatha’s own
voice he did not hear again. Agatha’s
own laughing eyes did not cloud at his
farewells. Furthermore, to his plea that
he be allowed to write now and then to
Miss Ramsay, her excellent mother re-
turned a gentle negative. However,
she assured him, she herself would lie
glad to receive communications from
time to time assuring her of his go 1
fortune. And she added that such com-
munications would undoubtedly be of
interest to her daughter also. It was
the utmost concession that Stocky
could wring from her. but on the wl: le
lie was not entirely dissatisfied. He had
a vision of himself developing into a
wonderful Ietter-writer. and he even in-
cluded a camera among the necessities
of his Western outfit with a view to il-
lustrated correspondence!

VI.

  Stocky, dreams, regrets, anticipation-
and all, was whirling westward. His
thoughts as often upon the chances of
the new life toward which he journeved
as toward the lady of his aspirations.
He was young and the spirit of ad-
venture in him had not been satiated by
the brief Cuban experiences. In eager
imagination he saw himself courting all
the excitements of the wide country* and
the new career toward which he was
hastening.

  He had traveled all night and all day
from Chicago, and was approximately
nearing his destination. A roughly
sketched map of the country had been
18

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

given him by Winterleigh, and lie con-
sulted this over his dinner. The main
line of the Westward Ho swept west
through the region in the midst of
which the X Bar V ranch lay. some
sixty or seventy miles to the north of
that property. About fifty miles west
of the ranch was flillery Junction,
whence several short spurs of railroad
radiated into the wilderness. One of
these, slanting backward, east and south,
gave the X Bar V people a railroad-
station only eighteen 'miles west their
holdings. So that the traveler passed
journey’s end—some distance to the
north to he are—while yet on hi-* jour-
ney: and then doubling obliquely on his
tracks, so to speak, returned to it.
Stocky, making himself familiar with
th*>e geographical facts, consulted his
time-table. He would arrive at Hiflery
Junction at three-twenty a. m. He
yawned disconsolately at the prospect.
There was a train out toward Mimosa,
his own railroad-station. at five in the
morning. The schedules were obvious-
ly not arranged for the convenience and
ease of the X Bar V people.

  When he drew the curtains of his
berth together early that evening, he
bade the porter wake him at halt-past
two. He wafted a thought back to
Agatha and tried to sleep. But his rest
was broken. Though the Westward
IIo made few stops each one of them
seemed to him hideously jolting and
disturbing Through his light slum-
bers he was conscious ot the throbbing,
the intense forward vibration of the
train. Dozing, his undertaking appeared
to him in all the hues of folly. Why
had be not gone into the dairy-commis-
-;on business? Would that have re-
moved him. socially, any farther from
Agatha than he was removed by he-
coming “lured man" to Winterleigh’s
friend? And as for physical distances,
he could, as butter merchant in New
York, at least have walked past the
mellow-tinted, -square, sunny old house
on 5Jorth Washington Square! Why
had Winterleigh been so eager to help
him out of the town? Why—and why
—and why—the questions revolved end-
lessly through his halt dreams.

  1 le must finally have fallen into a

pro founder slumber, for it was with a
sense of being dragged back from far
reaches of oblivion that he suddenly
awoke to an incredible fury of noise—
of escaping steam, of crackling wood;
of shrieks and groans. A cry from his ’*
own lips was dying on the air with all ]
those other screams of agony.

  In a second or two, his brain worked,
lie knew that he was lying on the
ground ; he could turn bis neck enough
to make out a hissing blare of light
some distance from him on the right—
a burning car. He tried to move, but
his arms and chest were pinioned un-
der some heavy timber. I his discovery
made him realize that he svas in pain,
in a sickening, dizzying pain from the
great weight upon him. He kept on
crying and moaning, “My God, my
God !" and tried to shut his ears to the
anguished sounds ascending all about
him in the darkness. Sometimes a
wave of unconsciousness would pass
over him from the sheer burden that he
bore; then he would emerge to knowl-
edge again.

  By and by it seemed to him that there ,
were vague signs of an orderly activity
in the uproar and horror; that there j
was a sense of human presences moving
on helpful errands. As this impression
grew stronger, and as tlfe light from i
the blazing cars illuminated the scene
so that he caught sight of figures hur-
rying hither and thither, he tried to
call. But the pinioned chest let through
no sound loud enough to reach the ears
of the workers.

  Passing out of one of his periods of
sick unconsciousness and coming into
a realization of his position, he felt a
presence bending over him. The car
was burning less brightly now, and he
could only make out a benignant human
form in the darkness. But it spoke, and
Stocky heard a woman’s voice.

  “O God, O God. forgive them!" he
heard her pray. Dimlv it sc* med to
him that die must think him dying, and
that she was uttering some last prayers
as a viaticum for him. But he knew
that he was not dying, that if he could
only be unpinioned he might even help

-
STOCKY <B<ROWN

19

others, in this ghastly melee, to live.
I le tried tc tell her so, but before he
had formed any words she raised a lan-
tern and swung it above his eyes. By
its light her own face was revealed also.
He had a moment’s glimpse of sad, pas-
sionately appealing eyes below rough,
tawny hair, of fine, black brows pen-
ciled above the eyes, of a straight, tense
mouth. The somber, beautiful gaze met
his full for a second.

  “All!” she cried. “You are con-
scious." Then ^he straightened herself
and called to some of the other figures
which the boy had felt moving in the
neighborhood.

  “Here, here!” she called. “This man
is alive and conscious.”

  They hurried toward him, and as
they came she stooped. She had low-
ered the lantern and he no longer saw
her face. But he thought he felt the
touch of tender fingers for a moment
on his forehead and he thought he
heard again that prayer: “O God. O
God, forgive them.” But by the time
two men came running toward him, she
had slipped away in the gloom. She
had seemed in haste at the end. for her
skirt, caught upon a nail or splinter in
the wreckage which pinned Stocky
down, ripped as she jerked herself free.

  “Any one alive and conscious here,
speak.” commanded a voice, and
Stocky, by a great effort, gave a signal.
Two men bent over him. one an unin-
jured passenger, doctor evidently by his
bag, the other a train-hand.

  “I’d be all right if I could move,” an-
nounced Stocky. They fell to work
quickly, silently, to free him. It seemed
an endless process to the boy, and the
first moving of the weights upon him
gave him an anguish more intense, more
exquisite, than the burden itself had
done. He shut his teeth tightly upon
the groans that wanted to make their
way into the air. When he was free
the man with the bag put a vial to his
lips.

  “Drink that.” he commanded, raising
Stocky's head with his free arm. The
brandy trickled, smooth, warming, re-
vivifying. down the boy’s throat.

  “There,” he declared after a moment,

“I'm all right now. I'm ready to get
up and help now.”

  “There's plenty to do,” growled the
uniformed man. “Curse them devils!
May they be tortured to all eteruitv in

hell for this! May-”

  Stocky, staggering to his feet and
clutching at the doctor's arm for :-up-
port, gasped out: "Why, why—what

does this-”

  “Train-wredcers," said the doctor
briefly.	•

  “Wreckers?” Stocky gasped again.

“But what for? What--”

  “There was an express-messenger in
the mail-car,” explained the doctor
briefly, “taking a supply of gold from
Chicago to the bank down there in Cop-
per City which is in difficulties. It
needed a hundred thousand, they say,
to keep from going under. Well—
will go under. The messenger's dead,

the money’s gone—and this—this-

  “The devils!” cried Stocky. “The
mean, low devils!”

  “Devils? I believe you!” The train-
hand spoke with concentrated rage and
hatred.

  “Did they all get away?” Stocky’s
voice begged for an assurance that one,
at least, was lying in the midst of ti.e
human wreckage, his sightless e\ es
turned to the star-.

  “Every damned son of Satan,” wa
the answer.

  “And is there no way of apprehend-
ing them? Has word been sent-"

  “Word? Do you think they left th-_-
wires ready for us to send our love to
the home folks at every crossroad-?”
demanded the train-hand bitterly. “T mi
Halsey is footing it with Rob Denny to
the next stop—Yerkes. seven miles
along—to send the word. And ten to
one those damned Apaches—but
Apaches would be gentlemen to them—
will drop the two of them before they
can get to Yerkes.”

  Stunned almost as much by this en-
lightenment as he had been by his in-
juries, Stocky staggered along in the
wake of the two men. There were
other figures flitting about that fiekl of
death. The air was cold—thin from the
height of the elevation. In the dis-
20

THE 'POiPULA<R MAGAZINE

tanees, the mountains toward which the
land was gradually rising bulked vast
and mysterious in the uiilighted night.
Nearer, the foot-hills gave promise of
refuge to tlic wreckers and robl>crs.
Terrible was the landscape t‘> the young
man, terrible the brooding of the night,
terrible the swiftness with which he had
been hurled into unimagincd cruelty and
rapacity.

  To kill—to kill tike this! And for
money! God. th.it -uch tilings should
be! That that woman should he lying
there with her tact* pressed downward
into the eartW, dead, dead, with her
mangled arm thrown over her dead
child—that that venerable man should
have passed in agou> from the world,
that men and women should go halt all
their days—for gold, for accursed
money! He was no profound philoso-
pher, Stocky: and he was too shod*
deringly full of horror to think very
consecutively a> he stumbled along with
the others, obeying their terse instruc-
tions automatically: but the terror and
loathing of the scene mingled somehow
in his mind with the thought of Jar-
mead’s, and with the recollection of
Agatha, smilingly' directing his atten-
tion to the expensive luxuries of life—
her necessities. Money—hideous, hor-
rible greed of money!

  “My last drop of brandy's gone.” said
Doctor Roth despairingly by and by as
he rose from a survey of the moaning,
mangled body of a woman.

  “I had some in my bag,” said Stocky.
“Were any of the cars saved?"

  "Only two were burned," answered
the trainman. "One's lying on her
head over there, and a couple 011 their
sides. But two of them are straight."

  Stocky made his way toward the
track and found that his was one of the
cars which lay on their sides. Still, one
could walk gingerly through it. He
picked his steps along through the
broken wood and glas- and found his
section. His valise had been ripped
open and his wallet was gone. Hut the
brandy-flask had not been removed
from its pocket, and the liquor, grown
so desperately precious, had marvelous-
ly escaped spilling. At the moment he

was more rejoiced over this than dis-
turbed over the loss of his wallet.

  There was one pretty young girl
among the less seriously injured, and
the doctor hurried to her with Stocky’s
restoring drops. Stocky, moving some ■
board'- that had bound her feet, and •}
helping her to sit up, suddenly be-
thought him of the woman who had
be i n his first messenger of salvation
that night. Something in this girl's
straight, pretty eyebrows recalled the
finely arched ones over the sad eyes
that had met his for a second.

  “P.v the way,” he said to Doctor
Roth, "where's your woman assistant?'*

  "What woman?"

  "The one who summoned you to me.
The one who saw 1 wasn’t gone."

  "There hasn't been any woman work-
ing except that fine, gray-haired
school-teacher from Philadelphia who
is helping down there. There were
not many women aboard the train,
thank God !"

  "No, no." said Stocky impatiently.

"I mean the young woman—she’s just a
girl. Why"—he looked about him as
though he thought she must be near—
"why, you must have seen her."

  "My dear fellow, you’re dreaming.
As soon as we counted up those fit for
service, I organized the relief corps. ,
There was no other woman in it except
the Philadelphian."

  “Well. I’m not dreaming," persisted
Stocky. He thought he felt again her
cool touch upon his forehead. "She
passed a lantern before my eves and
she was saying ‘God forgive them as
though it were a prayer for the dying •
or something of that sort——"

  "The angel of the death-field." com-
mented the doctor. “No, youngster, it
was a figment of your imagination. ’

  Stocky said no more at the moment. *
He was too busy to waste much time in
words. P.ut his native obstinacy com-
batted this dismissal of his tragic-eved
visitant. He recalled the sound of her
tearing skirt—he would go back to the
place where he had been pinioned and
would confront this unbeliever with
tangible proof of her presence.

  The dawn had come up over the
STOCKY <B<ROWN

21

scene of wreckage, the messengers had
returned from Yerkes with helpers—
men and wagons and mattresses, women
with lint and restoratives—the news of
the disaster had been telegraphed on
and the company was hurrying men
and apparatus to the spot, before
Stock)' had an opportunity to go in
search of his evidence. lie found it
clinging to a long, jagged splinter—a
piece of woolen cloth, firm and heavy
in texture, tannish olive in color, and in
size about as big as his hand. Tri-
umphantly he showed it to the doctor.
One of the railroad employees, stand-
ing near-by, looked at it.

  “By gee. it is a piece of a woman’s
dress,” lie admitted. “And there were
only ten women aboard, and not one of
them had on anything like that. I tell
you what it means—it means there’s a
woman in that gang of-” His lan-
guage trailed oft into the unprintable as
he tried to characterize the robbers.

  “A woman in the gang that did this?"
Stocky indicated the wreck, the impro-
vised hospital-tent, all the horror that
the roseate daylight was revealing. “A
woman Y*

  “Sure. When they're bad there ain’t
nothin' too bad for them,” declared one
philosopher.

  “Oh. but this woman—this woman
couldn't have been that sort." explained

Stocky bewilderedly. “Why. she-”

He broke off. He found himself un-
willing to describe the face he had
seen, to give any clue to the vanished
presence of the night. Why. these men
with their absurd suspicions'might make
it troublesome for her.

  Later, when one of the officials ap-
proached him and asked him for the
piece of doth, that nothing which might
be useful in tracing the robbers might
be lost. Stocky counted his falsehood no
crime when he said that he had dropped
it somewhere.

  “That woman—never,” he kept on
telling himself. But where was she?
Where had she disappeared?

  Not until, twelve hours later, after
the arrival of trains and supplies, he
had begun to feel the inconvenience of
losing a pocketbook in the midst of the

wilderness, did he cease to frame plausi-
ble explanations of the girl's presence.
Then his more pressing necessities
claimed his thoughts. He surmounted
his difficulties, however, and by night-
fall found himself at the station which
he had expected to reach in the early
morning. A wagon waited for him,
from the seat of which a big, sluggi-h-
looking, sallow man surveyed him.

  “Evenin', sir, " he observed. "Mr.
Brown from New York? I'm Adams—
Seth Adams, from X Bar Y ranch.
Sorry to hear you had an exciting ex-
perience last night. W ell, you're here,
anyhow, an’ that'' something.”

  Stocky climbed up beside him after
a word or two on his lack of baggage.
It had been burned in the wreck, lie
explained. In spite of the fluency of
Mr. Adams’ welcome, lie felt vaguely
discomfited by the man's look and man-
ner.

  After his first speech of welcome.
Mr. Adams developed great powers of
taciturnity. To Stocky’s bewilderment,
he said nothing about Winterleigh,
merely grunting when the newcomer
mentioned their one common acquaint-
ance and their introducer. Stocky's
conventional assurances that he had left
“your old friend, Winterleigh" well,
seemed indifferent to Mr. Adams. He
was a trifle more interested in the sub-
ject of last night'.*, wreck, but it"was an
interest displayed rather by a tenser at-
titude of listening than by questioning.
Stocky, describing the outrage, awaited
some word of horrified loathing, of
vengeful ptirpose. None came, merely
a more attentive grunt than had greeted
his former efforts at conversation.

  “Are such dastardly crimes common
hereabouts?" the young man demanded
hotly, by and by. Adams looked at him
from under his overhanging brows.

  “Manners an' customs ain’t as polite
as maybe you're used to," he ad-
mitted.

  “Polite!” echoed Stocky. “But this
is crime—this is murder, arson, rob-
bery—this is the sort of thing that
makes the massacres of the Indians
22

THE VOVULAK MAGAZINE

seem gentle. This is by white men,
by one’s own people! Do you mean to
say that there is no chance of hunting
clown the despicable cowards?”

  "Oh, the Wells Fargo people will do
some huntin’. They ain't goin’ to let
a hundred thousand dollars get bv them
without some effort to get it back. An'
the Westward Ho won’t turn the other
cheek cither; it'll do some Pinkerton in’
an’ detectin’. But if you a^k me will
they ever get the gang an’ will they ever
get the money—1 think they won’t.-’

  "But the people who belong here-
abouts—the people of whom these mur-
derers are neighbors—aren't they going
to do anything?"

  "Sure the)’ will." Mr. Adams' voice
seemed to Stocky to hold an unctuous
tinge of mockery. "The sheriff an’ his
posse w ill be quite busy for a while,
ridin’ about—oh, yes, there'll be a lot of
motion for a while. Will it get any-
wheres? That’s another matter. 4Ji
course, you can't never tell for sure.
Maybe somebodv'11 catch one of the
gang this time. 1 only know they ain’t
never done it yet. An’ some of us, who
have lived here a long time an' know
our ground pretty well, some of us find
it more profitable an' healthy to mind
our own business than to fly off the
handle.’’ There sounded a sinister note
of warning in the words.

  They had left the straggling, half-
finished settlement, with its low-built
adobe buildings, its makeshift dwell-
ings, patched together of packing-boxes,
burlap and tin, behind them. They
tended downward over a great plateau
across which Stocky s unaccustomed
gaze could .scarcely discern the road.
Adams managed the big team like an
old stage-driVer. and Stocky eyed him
admiringly. There was a heavy load of
stores for the ranch in the body of the
wagon, but the gray pair carried it all
buoyantly, gallantly. Their motion was
inspiriting to the traveler, as were the
vast stretches of sky, the unencumbered
freedom of the plain, the tingling of
thin, cool air from the mountains be-
hind them, the torn shreds of color re-
flected in the horizon they faced.

, He breathed deep, his nostrils and

lungs expanding to the splendid new
demand upon them. In the invigora-
ting. clean drafts, some of the horror
of the night before was purged from
him, and some of the shame and itain
of that sordid, ridiculous episode which
had brought him here. He wished that
Agatha might be with him, drinking in
this wonderful new elixir compounded
of space and air and cohlr; he had al-
ways felt in \gatha a spirit of adven-
turousness, or so he interpreted it. At
that stage of his passion no one and
nothing, not Agatha herself or her own
deeds, could have persuaded him that
the excitements she craved were not the
healthful, vigorous ones which appealed
to him.

  From thoughts of Agatha, his mind
turned to the girl of last night, to the
tragic, lantern-lighted face bending
above him, to the prayer—a blasphemy,
if, as the trainmen had intimated, she
had had a share in bringing about the
disaster. He spoke of her to Adams, a
little diffidently.

  “By the way," he began, "there was
one queer thing about last night. There
seems to have been a woman mixed up
in it.”

  Adams shot him a swift look—start-
lingly swift from one so heavy and
lethargic in appearance.

  "A woman? How do you mean? A
passenger ? I- suppose there were sev-
eral of them.”

  "Yes, poor souls," answered Stocky,
shuddering with the recollection of the
dead mother and child whom he had
seen. "But this wasn't a passenger—at
least,*so they all declared. The doctor,'"
he added, laughing a little, "wanted to .
make out that it was just a notion of
my own—a vision of delirium, or some- ■
thing of that sort. But I wasn’t deliri- *
ous. I only lost myself two or three
times while that accursed weight was
upon me.”

  "Do you mean.” asked Adams slowly,
"that there was a woman there who
wasn’t a passenger on the train?”

  "So it seems. The railroad people
think she was one of the gang."

  "One of the gang? They’re locoed.
Do they think that the gang carries a
STOCKY <B<ROWN

23

lot of camp-followers around with it?
The gang ain't no such fools.” lie
spoke with conviction.

  T don’t think she was one of them,
either,” replied Stocky. hotly. “But
there was 110 more finding her than
them afterward.”

  "1 guess the doctor was right, an’
you were sort of dreamm’ in your^pain."

  "Not unless I dreamed a piece of her
drefcs, too.” said Stocky, somewhat net-
tled. "She tore it on the timber that
pinned me down as she slipped away—
an’ I’ve got it.”

  "Did you sec her?” The question
was sharply put.

  "As plain as 1 see you—for a second.
She held a lantern over my face and I

saw her by it. She was young-”

  “How youngThe question was
snapped.

  “Oh, I can’t tell exactly.” Stock\r
was surprised at the vehement inter-
est of his driver. “But young—nine-
teen to twenty-three or four, I should
saw”

  “Dark?”.

  "No—that is, her hair was lightish
—sort of between red and gold and pale
brown, I should say; and her eyebrows
were black.”

  Adams mopped his forehead, and his
tense attitude relaxed.

  "You mast have been dreamin',” he
asseverated.

  Somewhat angry, Stocky made no
further attempt to persuade the doubter
of the reality of his vision. He felt in
the pocket of the coal he had rescued
from his section of overturned car for
the little telltaJe piece of cloth. Then
he fell to musing about the apparition.

  1 hey had stopped at a sort of half-
way house in the midst of the plain,
and they anti the horses had eaten. Then
they were on again through the velvety
darkness, pierced with low-hanging,
large stars. Stocky was worn out with
his travels, with his excitements and
accidents. He felt as though he had
not slept since before that fatal evening
when he had first gone to Jarmead’s.

1 he air was adding to his irresistible
desire for sleep. He could no longer
talk, no longer question, no longer care

about last night or any of the nights
before, about the shining Agatha or
the dark, mysterious visitant of the
train disaster. All that he wanted was
sleep. And be continually fell into
dozes, and pitched about on the seat.
Though he was jerked and jolted, lie
could not fight against the overpower-
ing impulse.

   finally he hud a dim consciousness
that he was bidden to climb over the
back of the seat to the body of the
wagon, that be obeyed as blindly as a
sleep-stricken child obeys the word to
move, that wraps were piled about him
and something placed beneath his head.
He had a second’s slumberous gratitude
toward the person who had devised this
comfort for him. but he didn’t know
who the person was. And then he knew
nothing more until the baying of dogs
and the cessation of motion simultane-
ously aroused him. He saw that they
had drawn up in front of a low, wide,
rambling building, brightly lighted.

  “Here we are,” announced Mr.
Adams. “Home before two—I said we
could do it."

  There was a confused movement of
figures before Stocky s sleepy eyes, and
in liis ears were the welcoming neigh
of horses from some near-by corral to
their gray comrades and the barking
of the dogs. In the doorway of the
low house two women were silhouetted.
Adams steered him in their direction,
and in another moment he found him-
self acknowledging a presentation to
“my wife. Mis Adams, an	-ler.

Miss Barbara Merritt." Small, dark,
withered, the two seemed to him tight-
locked little boxes of human e-sence.
Even in the drowsy greeting he gave
them, he felt that dust and ashes were
the contents of I he package labeled
“Mrs. Adams.” and that something
more inflammable was still unconsumed
in the package labeled “Miss Barbara
Merritt. But it was no time or place
for analyses, even if these had been na-
tive to Stocky s disposition. He made
the briefest salutations consistent with
civility, and five minutes later was
sound asleep upon a cot in a long, bare
dormitory sort of room connected by a
THE cPOcPULAcR MAGAZINE

24

covered passageway with the main body
of the house.

  If Mr. Seth Adams had manifested
only a slight interest in the present state
of "his old friend, the militant figure of
the New York district attorney's office.
Miss Barbara Merritt. Stocky found,
was inclined to bring the balance of
curiosity to the normal. W hen, on the
forenoon after his arrival at the ranch-
house, he had wakened from a long,
deep sleep, dressed, and made his way
to the front of the building, he found
the dark, avid-looking woman waiting
for him. By daylight she did not seem
so old as she had seemed the night be-
fore. and indeed she had some traces of
beauty. Her eyes, except for the dis-
concerting intentness and keenness of
their regard, were beautiful—large, ex-
pressive and dark; her features in their
small, miniaturish way, were well chis-
eled. But all her look declared that
consuming fires burned within her, mar-
ring and scarring what might once have
been an attractive appearance.

   She explained to Stock)- that his evi-
dent exhaustion had caused the house-
hold not to arouse him at the usual
hour. Her brother-in-law was riding
about the place now. but would return
b\ noon to introduce Stocky to his new
surroundings and employments. Mean-
time, she was to give him his breakfast.
She set it before him gracelessly, ttnin-
vitingly, and as she moved about she
watched him with intent curiosity.

   '‘So you are a—a friend of Mr. Win-
terleigh ?” she '•aid at last, moistening
her lips a? she spoke.

   "I suppose we are friends, since he
has given me this introduction to the
West.” replied Stocky, frankly. "But
up to the time that he made me the
offer, we were merely acquaintances.”

  “You met in business?” Again she
moistened her lip.s, and her throat above
the low collar of her brown calico wrap-
per worked.

  "Oh, no.” Stocky gave more atten-
tion to hi- eggs than lo the changes in
Miss Merritt’s expression. "lie's in the
district attorney’s office—a<. of course,
you know. I think he said that Mr.
Adams was some sort of distant connec-

tion of his, so naturally you know about
his career. And I—I’m nothing much

—as yet.”

  No smile on Miss Merritt’s part in-
dicated that she wished to rebut
Stocky’s modest estimate of himself;
indeed, it was evident that she had 110
interest in it or in anything connected
with him exccpt in so far as he touched
Winterleigh.

  “llow did you come to know him?”
she demanded.

  “lie—heJcuew some people I know—

I knew,” answered Stocky. He was
miserably aware how he had forfeited
the claim to the Ramsays' acquaintance.

He could not call them his friends now.
And he didn’t wish to talk them over
with Miss Barbara Merritt, who, even
through the preoccupations of his appe-
tite, impressed him as an uncannily dis-
agreeable young woman.

  "Men or women?” she pursued dog-
gedly. He rai.-.ed his eyes and surveyed
her with a glance which might have
abashed a less self-absorbed inquisitive-
ness than hers,

  “I was introduced to him, if I remem-
ber aright, by Mr. George Duncan,” he
answered with punctilious exactness. “I
have met him frequently at the Ir'use of
Mr. Gordon Ramsay. I have also met
him in other places, and know several
others of his acquaintance. And you—
do you know him very well out here?
Has he been here much lately?"

  Fixing him with her dark eves, Bar-
bara Merritt seemed deaf to his ques-
tioning.

  "lie has made a great reputation for
himself since he has been in New
York,” she said, half questioning, half
affirming. Stocky nodded gloomily.

  “Oh. yes. lie’s done very well for
himself.”

  "What great cases has he had?” She
had seated herself near the table, and
she leaned forward, chin upon propped
elbow, to drink in thirstily the answer.

  “Well," answered Stocky with a grim
humordusness, "he secured evidence
against the most famous gambling-
house in the city for one thing—some-
thing which no one else had ever been
able to do. And he’s convicted one or j
STOCKY 8<ROWN

25

two murderers—even one or two with
families and money to help them off;
and he's indicted the head of a great
corporation. He’s been cutting quite a
legal swath.”

  “Convicting murderers, indicting—
thieves, I suppose?" Stocky nodded.
“Closing gambling-hells—Ed Winter-
leigh !”

  There was a mixture of exultation
and diabolic mirth about her. Her dry
lips expanded into a smile which struck
Stocky as the most unpleasant he had
ever seen.

  “Of course you must all be very
proud of him out this way/* he re-
marked politely. “He’s one of }7ou,
isn't he? Came from this region, did
he not?”

  She nodded and began to clear away
the dishes, her veined eyelids over her
dark, brooding, changeless eyes, her
mouth awry in its forbidding smile.

  When Adams returned to the house,
he found Stocky refreshed by'sleep and
food, and forgetful, with the wonderful
buoyancy of undefeated youth, of the
horrors through which he had so re-
cently passed. He was also impatiently
ready to begin his work. Adams sleep-
ily listened to the boy dilate on his en-
ergy and his desire to employ it. He
nodded at the recital.

  “I reckon we’ll manage to keep you
steppin’ some while you're with us,” he
remarked. Stocky’s heart sank at the
suggestion of a term put to his stay at
X Bar Y ranch. It would certainly
behoove him to learn a great deal if
there was a chance that after all he
was not established here permanently!

  “Well, what will you want me to be
after first, sir?" he asked.

  “Oh, you’d just better drift about
with the boys for a few days, till you
get your bearin’s,” said Air. Adams
soothingly. “Ride around with the boys
—learn the lay of the land—get so you
can keep your seat on a horse and can
speak to a herd so as not to stampede
'em. Ride off to a round-up an’ learn
how it’s done.’’ Stocky’s heart sank.
All this did not sound to him like earn-
ing a salary, and he wanted to earn a
salary. He needed the money in his

business, he told himself. He tried
tactfully to suggest the same idea to
Mr. Adams.

  “Oh, you’re on the pay-roll from yes-
terday,’’ answered his employer. “But
you'll have to get used to things be-
fore you can be put to anything definite.
Don’t worry—we’ll make it lively for
you when the time comes.'’

  Almost immediately things were
made lively for him, though apparently
not in the sense Mr. Adams had in-
tended. A horse was given to him to
ride, and one of the cowboys whose long
length was a match for his lent him
some clothes to take the place of Ike
outfit burned in the baggage-car. His
first effort at mounting the beast, which
he made nonchalantly enough, for he
was familiar with horses, came near to
being his undoing. The little brute had
stood apparently quiet enough until
Stocky'? left foot was in the stirrup,
his right leg about to come over the
horse’s baoJ<. Then suddenly “Lady
Gay,” as the mare was named, evident-
ly in recognition of certain of her quali-
ties, reared upon her hind legs, almost
pitching the young man off. By some
good chance, he got his other foot in its
stirrup and pressed the spars into the
beast. For a second she resumed posi-
tion on all four hoofs. Then she tried
to throw Stocky off over her head, ele-
vating her rear legs and almost wallow-
ing with her forehead in the dirt be-
fore her.

  The young man’s earliest riding-les-
sons had been taken in his mother’s old
home when he was scarcely more than
a baby. He could keep his seat under
greater difficulties than most riders, but
this seesawing of the Western pony was
trying to him. The next time Lady
Gay was on all four- he tried to drive
her forward. He had lost his hat in the
contest so far, and his fair brown hair
was blown about his head like the aure-
ole of a very militant and determined
saint. His young mouth was pressed
into a line of determination, his gray
eyes shot fires. When Stocky Brown
should learn to bring to the moral prob-
lems of his life the valor and the pluck
he always brought to physical difficul-
THE VOVVLATi MAGAZINE

ties, lie would be a man in the fullest
sense of the term.

  Lady Gay shot oft' with him as though
nothing nearer than the wall of purple
mountains on the west should stop her.
Bui. twenty feet from this glorious ■-tart
she bucked again. And then, round and
round a circle of the plain they Hew,
the cow’Boys watching, cheering, advi-
sing, Stocky deaf to it all, solely bent
upon the mastery of the creature under
him. In ten minutes she had bucked
and reared twenty Limes. lie had held
his seat, and now at last he was actually
directing her course; she was respond-
ing to his lu> vl upon the bridle-reins.
She broke into a trot, and he rode her
two or thn e miles across the plain, and
back.

  The men congratulated him when he
returned.

  “.She broke Larry Grimm’s neck—
but he wasn't sober when she done it,”
declared one.

  "Really broke his neck?*’ demanded
Stocky, who had dismounted and was
standing by the horse’s head.

  The answer was a realistic cracking
of knuckle-bones by the first speaker.

  “Real a? that," he retorted. “It was
under the dai-ies for Larry.”

  “Who's ridden her since?”

  “She ain't been rode since. But the
ole man give orders she was to be
brought in for you. She’s been rangin’
since, but Bud got her about sunup
to- lay. I suppose the ole man knowed
you could do it. You was in Cuba,
wasn't you ?"

  Stocky nodded, a thoughtful frown
between his brow-s. as he stroked the
muzzle of Lady Gay. And then he w-as
suddenly aware that Miss Barbara Mer-
ritt was out by the corral fence. Her
eager eyes were upon him.

  “Mastered Lady Gay, did you, Air.
Brown?” she said. “My—but Brother
Stili will be pleased. I reckon he knew
you could do it.”

  “Doubtless.” said Stocky shortly, still
frowning. But lie was an adept ‘in the
cheerful art of putting aside disagree-
able tilings. He did not long bother
himseli as to why his new employer had

set him to riding a vicious beast. !t
was enough for him that he had ridden
her! He moved with a certain jaunti-
ness that afternoon. He wished that
Agatha might have seen that contest
and its outcome!

   If Stocky reasoned that this victory
over Lady Gay w as to be the end of his
difficulties 011 X Bar Y ranch, he rea-
soned without his host and his com
panions. He was the most unsuspicious
of human beings. He knew that no
one in the country had any grounds of
enmity toward him. How could he
then see more than untoward chance
in the succession of accidents that be-
fell him :

   lie had been off on a fenced 11 spect-
rin g tour when the next serious one hap-
pened. He had proved himself a suf-
ficiently apt pupil at such tasks as were
assigned him, and after a few weeks he
was promoted to the position of fence
inspector of the great territory over
which the X Bar Y cattle ranged. He
had been absent from headquarters two
or three days, sleeping in the open,
“grubbing' on coffee and pork and
hardtack, but enjoying life to the fulL
Religiously he thought at every dawn
and sunset of Agatha; he wished that
she could share the fulness and freedom
of this exhilarating existence with him.
But the thought of her, even of banish-
ment from her, could not be a poignant
grief to him in the midst of the clear
air and the wide spaces, and he was
happy with the wholesome, unquestion-
ing happiness of clean and active youth.
As he rode back toward the ranch-
house at the end of the third day. he
was looking forward with considerable
appetite to a change of diet and he was
whistling softly, contentedly, to himself,
when suddenly a bullet grazed his shoul-
der. He leaped from his horse with a
yell and looked in the direction whence
the shot had come. It had certainly
l>een from a low , shedlike shelter about
half a mile from the home group of
buildings. Stocky made toward it,
rending the air with his demands that
the shooter come out and explain him-
self. No one responded to the invita-
tion, and the shed was deserted when
STOCKY <B‘ROU)N

27

lie reached it. He rode on, distrustfully
examining every clump of sage-grass by
the way. But nothing appeared, and
to his story, when he told it on arrival
at the house, no one seemed to pay
much attention.

  “Most likely some one thinks he sees
a coyote,” opined Mr. Adams.

  “A coyote on horseback in broad day-
light?" snorted Stocky, more enraged
by. the explanation than by the inci-
dent. "What kind of circus coyotes do
you have out here?"

  "Well, you're here without a scratch,
ain't you?" demanded his employer.

  "And no thanks to some fool who’s
a blamed sight too ready with his gun,”
snapped Stocky.

  This and Si Townsend’s determined
effort to engage him in a row of dubi-
ous proportions and outcome rankled in
his mind for a while. It was queer
that the most cantankerous man in the
outfit should single out him, the inof-
fensive Stockv, for insult and offense.
It was queer that the dangerous horse,
the casual bullet, any untoward and
"unchancy" thing should always fall to
him. However, as Adams said, here he
was alive and well; and to-morrow he
was to ride away from the ranch in
search of a strayed pack of burros.
To-night he would write a long letter
to—to Mrs. Ramsay! He would have
a chance to mail it on his donkey quest.
And it should be a letter which should
paint the plains and the mountains in
delectable colors for a pink and white
and gold slip of a girl!

VIII.

  The traces of the missing burros led
toward the mountains. It was toward
evening of his first day’s search that he
stumbled upon a deserted hill camp. It
was not entirely abandoned by human
beings—there were signs of habitation.
But the scarred face of the mountain
where the mine tunnels had been driven
was again endeavoring to cover itself
with grass. Many of the cabins had
fallen to ruin: on an old sign before
what had once been a “general store”
and was now the very monument of

desolation the words “Silverton Post-
office" were dimly visible. Smoke
curled from one or two of the cabins
pitched against the steep background of
rock and spruce growth, but there was
no one abroad before any of the doors.

  Stocky rode toward the nearest cabin
that sent forth the signal of life within.
He wished to inquire if the >tray pack
had been seen in the neighborhood. A
halloo from his horse brought no im-
mediate response, lie waited a second,
and had just formed his mouth into the
rotundity of the call again when it
seemed to his alert and listening ears
that he heard a smothered sound of
groaning. He leaped from his horse
without calling again, and pushed open
the crazy door of the cabin.

  In the semidarkness of the low, earth-
floored, almost windowless room, he
made out a woman’s figure stretched
on a lounge and a man seated at its
head with his hand over her mouth. An-
other man was at the fireplace—a mere
hole scooped out in the corner of the
room. Stocky drew his revolver before
he questioned the men.

  ‘‘Now you!" he cried, pointing at the
man who had the woman pinioned. The
man, a Mexican, sprang to his feet.
His companion turned at the same in-
stant. The room was so tiny that when
they both stood they were both covered
by the revolver. The woman, old and
shriveled, evidently a half-breed, was
mumbling out her fear and her grati-
tude.

  "They were looking for my money,”
she wailed. "Mine, who have no cent
save what my son gives me—mine. Lo-
lita’s. who live by charity! Oh, senor,
senor, tell them I have no money—tell
them to go. Tell them-"

  But Stocky had no chance to tell them
anything, for with a swift, graceful, sli-
ding motion they passed under his very
arm and out. He started after them,
but the cries of the old woman pre-
vented him.

   ‘‘Oh, senor, let them go, in mercy let
them go. Do them 110 harm or they will
come when you are not here and will
punish the defenseless Lolita for their
hurts. Oh, senor, do not follow, but
28

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

take my thanks and my prayers. That
is all 1 have to give

  She was a repulsive old woman as
she crouched and mumbled-—sallow and
shriveled and hawklike, with greasy
gray locks about her face. A miser.
Stocky was sure she was: but he was
glad enough that his opportune entrance
had driven away the. intruders whom
the old woman was now characterizing
in the most forceful terms.

  “That's all right, ma’am,” Stocky in-
terrupted her fawning thanks. “Glad
to be of use. 'No, no, I don t want any
reward—that's not what I’m waiting
for. 1 only happened to be here because
I am on a hunt for a pack of burros
and I’ve traced them in this direction.
Have you chanced to see them?
Branded with the X Bar V brand?”

  “X Bar V?” cried the old woman.
‘‘Are you from the X Bar V ranch?
Then you shall be rewarded for what
you have done this day for old Lolita.
You shall have your reward ! I cannot
tell you how-"

  "It’s no matter at all. about that,
ma'am,” Stocky interrupted her. “Bur-
ros are what I'm after—not rewards.
Have you seen them?”

  Lolita had not seen them but, as she
explained, she had been absent all the
morning searching for “good herbs”
upon the mountainside. Perhaps her
neighbor, who had been at home all day,
might have seen the burros—the burros
of the X Bar Y ranch. X Bar Y! He
should not lose his reward, the gracious
senor!

  Stocky cut short her thanks and
promises again, and starter 1 toward the
neighbor’s whom .-he indicated. It was
a cabin up a zigzag path, an eighth of
a mile beyond her own. To Stocky’s
hello here, a tall boy with red hair ap-
peared in the low doorway. He sur-
veyed Stocky with the interest due to a
strange figure in the wilderness.

 “You’re the new man down at
Adams’, ain’t you?” he asked, and upon
Stocky’s affirmative reply, he invited the
young man into the cabin. I le had
heard, he said, that Stocky had been in
the recent train accident, lie was quecr-
ly and feverishly interested in it. But

there was something about the manner
of his questioning which put Stocky on
guard. He spoke briefly about the
events of the night, and omitted all ref-
erence to the girl who had found him.

  “Lose much r' queried the red-haired
youth.

  "Xot much—merely all that I had,”
answered Stocky shortly. “And that
reminds me to ask you again about

those burros/’

  By chance Mr. Red Lawson was able
to tell Stocky that -he had heard of a
stray pack over Piero way. And Stocky,
inquiring the direction, rode thilher-v
ward. He found the stray animals, and
went driving them before him back to
the X Bar Y range. He was glad that
his lot was cast at that spot rather than
at the abandoned mining-camp of Sil-
verton. lie did not care for the inhab-
itants of the latter center as represented
by Lolita and Mr. Lawson.

  Nevertheless, the old half-breed’s
promises-soon began to seem true. The
“ugly” men of the outfit no longer
“picked upon” him, after he had re-
turned and told his story. There were
no more invitations to fight, no more
chance bullets. If he didn’t like Lady
Gay, found her at all unmanageable, so
Adams said, he must have another horse
for his own. Stocky did not under-
stand the change for a while.

  The mystery was deepened by an-
other incident a few days later. Mac-
Cormack, one of the older hands, was
going to Mimosa for supplies anil mail.
There was a great writing of letters the
day before.. Seth Adams himself, a
most laborious penman, spent half a
day in the room known as the office,
striving with ink and paper. Stocky,
coming up to the corral for something
in the course of the forenoon, saw Bar-
bara Merritt come out with a letter in
her hand. She looked about her. but
failed to perceive him,"half-hidden as lie
was by a horse. She tore the letter
across twice and threw it from her. The
wind, carried it along, scattering the
pieces. Stocky had sufficient curiosity
and sufficient di-trust of Miss Merritt
to pursue the fluttering scraps on his
pony. He recovered enough of them
STOCKY <B<ROWN

29

to see that they were parts of a letter
from Adams to' Winterleigh. Why
should the girl so vindictively destroy
what her brother-in-law had worked so
hard to make? He fitted the scraps to-
gether as best he could and read:

  There’ll be no more funny business about
him. He treated the old woman white.
You’ve got the best reason to know that I
never go back on any one who treats the old
woman white. I’ll guarantee to keep him
here as long as you say, but there’ll be no
more-

Just a ragged edge was the rest. Stocky
pondered greatly, but darkly. Then he
personally delivered into MacCormack’s
great, gauntleted hand a letter bearing
the superscription: “Mrs. Gordon Ram-
say, 9 Washington Square. North, New
York.” Then he pondered more upon
the mysteries surrounding him, and
finally dismissed them witk an “Oh,
what’s the use?”

IX.

  The winter slipped by rather peace-
fully. There were snow-storms and bliz-
zards now and then to break the mo-
notony of bright weather; there were
occasional fights and noisy misunder-
standings among the big, rough force
of the men. Stocky’s individual troub-
les, as has been said, ceased. Only the
misadventures supplied by nature or by
the unaccustomedness of his work
bothered him now'. And as for them,
by the time spring with its rains came
he felt himself an assured plainsman,
and the prospect of “losing his job” at
the X Bar Y ranch would no longer
have filled him with dismay, had such
a prospect been imminent.

  It did bother him somewhat that for-
tune did not follow swiftly upon his ex-
ertions. But even at fifty dollars a
month and “found,” Stocky saw Agatha
glimmering at the end of as long a
perspective as ever. Her mother's one
or two letters, in reply to his ten or
twelve exhaustive descriptions of his
life, had had the effect of accentuating
this distance. And as Stocky never
dreamed of changing in his affections,
the prospect troubled him a little.

  It was no other than Seth Adams
himself who gave the young man a sug-
gestion on the subject.

  "They tell me,” he observed to
Stocky one day, “that there's copper
over in them hills back of Silverton—
up toward the Santa Lucia peaks.”

  “Copper?” replied Stocky listlessly.
He was thinking of stocks and bonds
and trying to compute Mr. Gordon
Ramsay's income per hour.

  “Copper. It's a good thing to have.
It wouldn't do a man no harm to stake
out a claim, if he thought there was
anything in it. An’ if lie wanted
money.” Mr. Adams’ voice always had
the significance of a slow monotone.
But this w as a little slower, a little more
uninflected than ever, and Stocky looked
up.

  “Is it a tip you're giving me."' he
asked, smiling.

  “I reckon that's wdiat it is. There
may not be anything in it. I don't say
there is. But a little prospectin' won t
do no harm."

  “You’re very kind, Mr. Adams. I ll
act on your suggestion the first time you
can spare me for a few days.”

  "Go to-morrow,” replied Adams in-
differently.

  That night Stocky was moved to re-
mark to Big MacCormack that he had
totally revised his fir-t impression of
their lethargic, dull, shrewd employer.

  “He seems actually kind," declared
Stocky.

  “Don’t you go runnin’ away with the
notion that Seth Adams has gut a heart
like a woman’s, as these yere story-
books say. He ain't. He’s as sly an’
as pison-mean as a rattler. He's as
hard as the top of Perry's Peak, an’
as cold. But you see you hit him on
his one soft side.*'

 “I? But how?”

  Big MacCormack spat far and sol-
emnly before he answered.

  “Because you done a good turn to his
ole half-Indian mother.”

  “His mother ?”

  “Straight goods. That greasy ole
half-breed over Silverton way is his
mother. An' lie’s got enough Indian
in him to make him jes’ as sure to
THE <POVULA<R MAGAZINE

30

remember a good turn as to remember
a bad one—and you won't hear of many
bail turns Seth Adams has overlooked
in his progress through this vale of
tears.”

  “The connection w ith Winterleigh.
then.’' mused Stocky, hall to himself,
“must be on the father**- side." Big

  lac gave a loud guffaw.

  “Say, that’s a good one," lie ob-
served. Stocky, innocent of any jocular
intention, looked his inquiries.

  "W hy,'* cxpiamed the cuwboy, in an-
swer to the lodk, "if what they tell me
is true, the men—Adams an’ this yere
Winterleigh that us^d to be hereabouts
—is half-brothers. Uh, huh.” he nod-
ded affirmation to Stocky's stare.
“That’s what it is. Ole man Winter-
leigh was one of these Englishmen
that know a good thing when they see
it, an' he come out here an' natralized
an’ took up a claim an’ prospered. An’
had an alliance over the left with ole
Lolita—I’ve heard some of the old men
say she was a bird of a young one, for
looks. Well, Adams was their son—
she contracted a reg’lar alliance later
with a no-account skunk named Adams,
an' Winterleigh’s boy jes' came natural-
ly in for the name.

  ‘‘Well, when he'd done prospered
enough, Winterleigh gets himself yoked
up by bell, book an’ candle an’ all other
appurtenances of holy matrimony to
Sallie Yeast. Ole man Yeast was an
early settler—a tough, grizzled ole
party, long as a pole an* as thin an*
kinder sandy-colored. An’ Mis’ Yeast,
she’s cut on somethin’ the same lines
an' complexion, they tell me, but Miss
Sallie Yeast, she’s round as a young
partridge, an* she’s meltin' dark, not
yellow an’ sailer like her pa an' ma,
an she has curly black hair an* is con-
siderable of a peach. She looked more
like a Spaniard that was a friend of the
family than like her pa. I ain’t never
seen her or him. But that’s how they
roll it under the tongue round here—
some of the old ones. Anyway Miss
Sallie Yeast, whoever her own pa was,
married ole Ed Winterleigh when he
had thrun Loiita over. An’ your fine
lawyer’s her son.”

  Fite ugly tale of ancient lawlessness
of blood left Stocky musing. Wintcr-
leigh’s face arose before him. Sudden-
ly it had something cruel, something
medieval. Spanish of the old days, in its
smooth, bland surface.

  “Sickening lut of bounders,” was his
comment on the story.

  “They weren’t no Sunday-school kid-
dies, for sure," agreed Uig Mac, with
ernirc cordiality and indifference,

  “Ilut how does it happen,” Stocky
pursued, "that Winterleigh and Adams
are on any sort of friendly terms after
the way the old man Winterleigh
treated Adams’ mother?”

  “That’s one of the funny parts of the
whole thing. When ole man Winter-
leigh come to cash in, his missus bavin*
climbed the golden stair some time pre-
vious. what does that there Ed Win-
terleigh do but get his pa to acknowl-
edge Seth Adams as a son,.an’ to leave
him some of the property? They talk
about it yet—an’ it's full fifteen years
ago—from here to Perry’s Peak an’
back again.”

  “It was a noble, manly thing to do,”
Stocky commended the act. At the same
time Edward Winterleigh's face, meas-
ureless calculation behind the remark-
able eyes, stood out before him : there
was a smile of suave mockery on the
lips. “It was a manly thing to do.”
Stocky’s emphasis increased, as though
in answer to the face.

  “Maybe it was,” opined the easv-go-
ing Mr. MacCormack. “It sure done
one thing for Ed Winterleigh—it gave
him a half-Indian or quarter-Indian he
could count on. An’ that’s a handy
thing to have at times.”

  One effect of this tale, true or false
as it might happen to be, was to fill
Stocky with more repugnance than ever
to the thought of a marriage between
Agatha and Edward Winterleigh. To
the jealousy of the ardent lover, he
now added other scruples. A man of
such ancestry was not fit mate for
Agatha. lie saw the lurking, subtle
cruelty of the alien race of Spain in
Winterleigh. he saw the brutality of his
own kindred race of England. De-
scended from some domineering, lustful
STOCKY <B<ROWN

31

beast on the one side and with a strain
of intellectual power and remorseless-
ness on the other, what sort of man
could he be ? What heritage could he
offer the girl ? At the moment Stocky
saw all his own ancestors in the most
effulgent light of purity and high pur-
pose ; nor did he pause to consider the
ethical standards of ]\Ir. Gordon Ram-
say, multimillionaire by his own exer-
tions—or his own depredations, as one
chose to name them!

  Clearly it behooved him, John Ran-
dolph Brown, of unblemished family,
of upright forbears, to get busy and to
make a fortune which should be worthy
the acceptance of Miss Agatha Ram-
say. And the next day he set out for
the mountains, with their reported veins
of copper.

  Less buoyantly he rode than he had
marched into Jarmead’s on that fatal
night months ago. He no longer felt
sure that Fate was playing with him
and for him. He loved Agatha and
wanted her as much as ever, though the
immediate allurement of her presence
no longer made his blood bound in his
veins, no longer incited him to follies.
He rode forth soberly, doubtfully, not
quite hopelessly, perhaps, but with a
very temperate hope.

  He had found a good place to pitch
his camp—which meant a place to un-
roll his blankets and to drag from his
saddle-bag the tin pan and the tin cof-
fee-pot which had been so small a part
of his Western outfit, but which had
finally come to be the only features of
it to which he clung. There was a flat
rock which would serve him for table
and for windbreak, there was a spring
bubbling twenty feet away. There was
the odor of pine and juniper and spruce,
and there was the sight of the new
spring flowers of the mountains.

  “Copper or no copper.” Stocky told
himself, stretching luxuriously after a
banquet of coffee, hardtack and bacon,
‘‘this is a good place.” He had filled his
pipe and t'.e odor of tobacco mingled
pleasantly in his nostrils with the scent
of the growing things about him. He
would rest a while, and then he would
do a little prospecting.

  While he rested, fairly soaked in the
beauty and warmth of the day, he heard
a rustling beyond him. He leaned upon
his elbow to scan the grasses and low
growths for an adventurous snake. But
it was no snake that glided through the
brush. A pair of serviceable feet, clad
in a pair of serviceable boots, moved
along instead. Following the line of the
borly upward, Stocky saw a bucket
swinging against a tan cloth skirt. Still
his eyes traveled upward; a leather
jacket was open over a flannel shirt, a
soft felt hat was pushed back from a
girl’s forehead—tawny hair framed a
pale face—Stocky sprang to his feet,
dropping his pipe. The girl started
back—evidently she had not seen him
lying on the ground.

  “You !” cried Stocky, as she turned
her surprised gaze toward him. He
would have known the face anywhere,
he thought—the pale olive of it. the
intensity of the eyes, the even, black line
of the brows. He was sure that he had
always known her lips would be that
vivid red.

  “Who are you?” the girl demanded
abruptly. His manner had apparently
alarmed her, and there was no recogni-
tion in her glance. She stood, palpably
on guard, palpably taken by surprise,
startled but not timid.

  “I—I beg your pardon,” mumbled
Stocky, suddenly becoming diplomatic.
Suppose she were not the visitant of the
night! “I thought for a moment that
you were some one I had seen bef>re.
I-”

  “I think not.” she said coldly, though
her brows were drawn together as
though in an effort to recall his face.

  ‘Tin merely prospecting up here.” he
added. “Are you—are you camping
near-by?” He nodded toward her pail.

  “Yes. That is, I'm here working my
claim and camping for a few days.”

  “You're not alone?" gasped the East-
ern-bred Stocky.

  “Surely I am. Why not?”

  “Isn't it—dangerous?”

  She laughed scornfully.

  “I imagine you’re an Easterner.” she
replied. “It’s not dangerous. There is
no place on the earth, I suppose, where
32

THE ‘PO<PUUl<R MAGAZINE

women are treated with such respect as
here. No one would dream of molest-
ing me, even if I were likely to meet
any one, which I am not. This is the
first time I have ever found any one in
the neighborhood. And besides/' she
added, with a certain direct look of
warning, "I know how to take carc of
myself. I have shot since 1 was four/'
"It's a lovely land, all right,” said
Stocky, nettled at her maimer. “You
m>t excuse me for not knowing1 it on
sight. YoirVc, when a man's introduc-
tion to a < ountry is the deliberate
wrecking of his train—when it is mur-
der. ar-on, r bbery—it takes him a few
days to understand the inhabitants who
perpetrate ami permit such outrages."

  He watched her intently as he spoke.
All the color left her face. She bit
her red lip as though to keep it closed
upon a cry.

 “You—you were in the Yerkes
wreck?*’ she faltered.

  “I was. 1 escaped with my life and
nothing else. You'll pardon my not
appreciating the true nature of the
populace at once.”

  She looked at him with wide, strained
eyes for a moment. Then she turned
abruptly away.

  “I came for some water.” she said
sharply. “I must get back.”

  "Aren't you rather evading an op-
portunity?" demanded Stocky, barring
her path. She looked up to his bronzed,
stern voung face.

  “Let me pass.” she commanded.
“Before I do, will you tell me w hat
you were doing on that field of slaugh-
ter that night ?” The bucket fell from
her fingers. Her hand pressed her
side.

 "I—I-" she panted. Then she

recovered her- if. “This is ridiculous,”
she declared.

  “Not ridiculous—terrible, disgrace-
ful—anything you please except ridicu-
lous. Remember how many lost their
lives—-remember the sounds you heard,
the sights i hat those blazing cars
lighted! Ridiculous! You’ll have to
revise your words.’*

  "You are evidently crazy," declared
the girl firmly, lifting her bucket once

again. “I don’t know what you are
talking about. If you were in the
wreck and suffered, I am sorry for you.
liut 1 hope that the experience has'nut

unhinged your brain."

  “They were right, then," said Stocky
sadly, “those men who sakl that you
were one ot the gang. I never believed
it until now.. I always thought there
was some explanation. But you deny
everything. Only a guilty person with
a secret to hnle does that. They were
right.”

  "I tell you. you are insane,” said the
girl roughly. “Let me pass.”.

  Stocky was fumbling in his pocket.
She eyed him with something like
alarm. Pie pulled his hand out. In it
was a piece of cloth. She panted a lit-
tle in her relief—it was not a pistol. He
was not going to play the part of the
avenger. He held the scrap against a
fold of her divided skirt.

  “See,” he said, “it’s the same cloth.”

  The girl retreated a step Ixfore his
look of repugnance Then she stood
her ground.

  "I tell you.” she said obstinately,
“that I don’t know what you are talk-
ing about. As for that" cloth"—she
shrugged—“there are not so many
shops in Mimosa that all the ladies
hereabouts are able to have different
goods for their riding-skirts. That
piece you have* does seem to match
mine—and so will it match any wom-
an’s on the range! For anything I
know you may be a drummer with a
pocketful of samples."

  “Do you know what I intend to do?”
demanded Stocky. "1 intend to lodge
the information I have against you
in the hands of the authorities. You’re
a woman—hut if you could forget it
long enough to go out with those mis-
creants on such an errand, by the Lord,

1 can forget it long enough to land you
all where you belong."

  “1 tell you, you’re crazy.” she re-
peated. hut the fight had gone out of
licr voice. She was frightened, that he
could see. Well, it Was a good thing
that she should he frightened.

  “You can turn State’s evidence and
escape part of your deserts, you know,’’
STOCKY <B<ROWN

33

  lie told her, a little contemptuously. She
  flashed a look of scorn at him.

    "I swear to you,” she said, “that I
 had nothing1 whatever to do with that—
 that accident. I swear it. I am well
 known through the region. No one
 would believe you. I had nothing to
 do with it.”

   “The Wells Fargo lawyers and the
 Westward Ho lawyers may not be so
 easy to convince of your innocence as
 your neighbors,” said Stocky.

    It was curious to him to observe that
  even while he badgered her, the girl's
  look expressed more of tragic helpless-
  ness than of hate. He recalled her
  words—the prayer she had breathed
  above him. He recalled that she had
  summoned aid for him that dreadful
  night. He had a moment’s compunc-
  tions.

   “See here,” he said more kindly,
 “whatever you are, I can't believe you’re
 as bad as those devils. Why don't you
 prove that you’re straight and level by
 telling the truth—by setting the authori-
 ties in the right direction ?”

   “You persist in thinking me what
 you did at first?'' She-had rallied her
 forces. “You are crazy. I shall waste
 no more time in talking to you. Let me
 pass.”

    fie stood aside and watched her as
 she strode with swift, sure steps, to the
 spring. There was elasticity, power,
 grace in all her motions. lie could not
 but like the splendid swing of the young
 shoulders, the supple slimness of the
 waist. He went back to his blanket and
 picked up his pipe. But smoking had
 lost its. charm for him.

    He did not hear the return of his
 neighbor to her camp. He did not look
 for her again. Indeed he did not want
 to see her. So, for the next few days
 he dug and splintered rocks and tested,
 and finally found something that made
 him do a little hasty surveying and
 stake off a claim, posting it with a no-
 tice to all and sundry that this was his,

*	John Randolph Brown’s. Then he fell
 into a golden sleep and dreamed of
 Agatha’s golden hair, in which he was
 congenially employed in placing the
 most expensive stars caught from some
 3

heavenly galaxy. In the morning he
would ride down to Mimosa and record
his claim. At the same time would he tell
of his neighbor's connection with the
crime which had been his welcome to
the West? Somehow the idea of such a
necessity made Stocky's sleep sad; it
intruded into his dreams of Agatha.
Instead of stringing starry pearl.-; and
diamonds for that lovely child of for-
tune, he found himself vainly struggling
with ropes that enmeshed the other girl.
And her strong, tragic face finally blot-
ted out Agatha’s roses and dimples from
his dreams.

  Suddenly he was awakened by a hand
upon his shoulder. Some one was sha-
king him, calling upon him. Slowly he
emerged from the dulness of sleep—
slowly and painfull}-. His chest was
oppressed, his nostrils smarting.

  “Wake up, oh, wake up,” a voice kept
crying—and it was the same voice
whose “O God, forgive them” had
roused him on another night—“wake
up! Fire—fire—oh, are you awake at
last ?’’

  She stood before him. There was a
pungent odor through all the night air.
there was a pinky glare in the distance
and even near at hand an occasional
far-blown spark fell. Stocky started
broad-awake.

  “It’s a fire,” she cried, “a fire! Wake
up!”

  It was fire, advancing from below
them. Stocky gazed at her helplessly.

  “There’s only one way to fight it.”
she cried. “Beat it back with fire. Here
—where are your shovels—your
matches ?’’

  In an instant, beneath her vigorous
command, his dazed faculties began
again to work. She wanted an earthen
barricade thrown up, and a fire started
beyond it lo creep down and meet the
one creeping up. They worked to-
gether with the more than human
strength that is given to mortals in des-
perate emergencies. They said nothing
—there could be 110 effort wasted in
mere words. And by and by, dripping
with toil, limp with that and with des-
perate fear, they saw the two lines of
fire join well below them. And over
34

THE <PO<PULZ1<R MAGAZINE

the blackened surface between their
barricade and the oncoming flames,
there was left nothing for flames to
feed upon.

  When she saw that they were safe,
the girl fell upon her face and sobbed
out: “Oh, thank God, thank God!”
Stock} . shaken beyond his wont, put out
his hand and touched her.

  “There, there.” he said soothingly.
And then, after a moment's awkward
silence, be went on: “We've got to call
this a balance. You've saved my life
to-night—there's no come-back 011 the
wreck account. It may trot be right
or just,” he pursued, caught in the
tangles of abstract morality, “but I can’t
help it. I can't go back on you now.
1 may make myself an accomplice, but
that'll have to be as it may. You've
saved my life. W ill you tell me your
name ?"

  The girl’s shaking sobs quieted.

  “Crvstal Lawson,” she said toneless-

lv.

  “Well. Crystal Lawson, I thank you.
It’s twice you’ve come at my need, even
if you did make one of the occasions.
But there—I'll never refer to that
again. You are to wrap up and lie still,
and I'll make, you some •coffee.”

  He stirred about, preparing the drink.
When it was ready, there was a dim
band of light low in the east.

  “Sit up and drink it,” he commanded.
She obeyed him, her eves upon the sil-
very coming of the dawn. For a while
neither of them spoke. Then the sky
began to flush and palpitate with the
secret knowledge of the nearness of the
sun.

IX.

  It was with a sense of dfcep intimacy
with Crystal that Stocky took the trail
back to the ranch when the day was
well awake. She rode by his side,
weary-lookitig, silent, yet with that
splendid, lithe strength in her muscles
which no one night of harassment could
destroy. In his simplicity, Stocky felt
that they were intimate enough for her
to listen to a little plain talk from him.

  “You’ve got a brother, haven’t you?”

he demanded. Crystal glanced sharply
up. 1 ler answer was a nod.

  “I know you have—I saw' him one
day when I rode through Silverton.
Well, can’t he work your claim for you
enough to keep title? It's no fit work
for a girl. 1 don’t care how fearless she
is or how chivalrous the country.”

  Crystal seemed listless. She made
110 answer.

  “Don't you think that what I’m say-
ing is so?** Stocky urged her.

  “Maybe—I don’t know. I’m strong
enough for anything. I’ve always lived
out-of-doors, and I've always done
everything. I can ride and fish and
shoot like a man; 1 can dig and w'eed
and plant: and 1 can at least keep hold
of vthe mine. It was one of father’s
claims—he had great faith in il. But
Will—that's my brother—doesn't be-
lieve 111 it. Most of the folks who
started out by believing in the streak
back there in the Silverton hills gave
up believing some time ago. I dare say
Will is right—every one else seems to
think so. But it was one of- my fa-
ther's ideas, and—girls are different—
I can't bear to let it go just out of—in-
difference. Will, he has so many other
things now to interest him."

  “He has no business to let you go
off alone and do that work,” growled
Stocky. Crystal’s face flamed.

  “He knows I'm all right,” she re-
torted angrily. “And he—he knows his
own affairs best.”

  “Does be indeed ?” said Stocky satir-
ically. He was annoyed at her sw'ift re-
sentment of any criticism of the—“lazy
lout.” Stocky called him in his mind.
“Well, there’s one of his affairs he
doesn’t manage to my satisfaction, and
that’s his sister.”

  "It’s lucky for linn. I guess, that he
doesn't try it much. Ilis sister's an tin-
manageable creature."' She spoke with
a little ghost of a smile, but her eyes
were somber and were fixed on the dis-
tances.

  "There’s one thing 1 wish you’d
promise me." said Stocky earnestly.

  “What's that?”

  "Let me work your claim for you.
I've staked one up there in the hills and
STOCKY <B<ROWN

33

I liave faith in it—I’ve had a hunch il 11
make me rich. Well, I’m going to work
it for all it’s worth. Let me work yours
for you enough to hold the title."

  Crystal shook her head. “You don't
understand,’’ she said. “I am not only
safe—I like it. I love being up there,
away from everything and every-
body.”

  “Thank you,” laughed Stocky.

  “I mean it,’’ she said obstinately. “As
things turned out, perhaps, I didn’t
mind your being there this time so
much, but usually I crave the loneliness,
the bigness, the peace.” There was a
little passion of desire in her voice, and
her eyes were fixed on the blue hori-
zon.

  They had reached the desolate, aban-
doned silver-mining camp where Stocky
had saved old Lolita1 from harm and
had made brief acquaintance with Mr.
Red Lawson. Crystal drew rein and
looked at him.

  “Your trail lies that way,” she said,
nodding toward the road to the X Bar
Y ranch. “I can’t help being sorry we
met up yonder, but since we did, I’m
thankful I was of a little use to you.
Good-by.”

  “Good-by,” said Stocky stupidly. He
did not wish to leave her with all his
mysteries unsolved, and with the future
solution of them practically barred to
him by her prohibition and their ac-
quaintance. But there was something
final in her grave manner.

  He sat still upon Lady Gay while
Crystal turned her pony in the direction
of the lonely cabins left on the hill,
like the wreckage on a beach after a
storm. She wrung his heart somehow,
he did not know why or how.

  As for her, she rode 011 witli one
thought throbbing through her mind.
“Oh, Will, Will, why couldn’t you have
been like that ? Why couldn’t yrou have
been like that ?”

  Somewhat to her astonishment, her
brother was at the cabin when she
reached it—he was there so seldom
lately. And, to her pitiful joy, he was
in a tender mood. He was awkward
in expressing gentleness, of course, but
he helped her from her horse, he took

the beast to the corral, he came back
and looked at her with some of his old,
childish affection in his eyes.

  “Crys,” he told her, suddenly leaning
across the table which she had begun
to set, and taking her hand, “Cry.-.—
I’ll never let you go up to that place
alone again. Tra a pretty poor stick of
a brother, ain’t 1 ? Well, i'm going to
turn over a new leaf—you watch me."

  “You’re as good a brother a' I want,”
she cried in a torment of remorse for
the thought with which she had ridden
home. “.And if 1 have ever criticized
and found fault—oh, you know, don’t
you, Will, that it was all for your own
sake ?”

  The shadow of a frown passed over
his forehead. But it was not for her ap-
parently', for he nodded and said: “I
understand, old girl.”

  She was so happy at the unexpected
admissions, at the unhoped-for promise
which she read into his words, that she
burst into tears. And then she soothed
his alarm at this most un-Crystal like
exhibition bv sobbing incoherently: “It's
because I’m so happy, Will, it’s because
I’m so happy.”

X.

  “See here." It was Mr. Adams who
addressed Red Lawson. The place wa*_
the trail leading out of Mimosa toward
the plateau which embraced the Adam »
ranch. The time rwas cloudless mid-
afternoon. The air was cool and fresh
and still—as- still as the bn-ad, blue slcy
stretched above and around them, as
still as stars, as snow. 1 heir horses
were going gently anti their hoofs fell
quietly on the dusty road. In the wide-
ness and the stillness, in the uncom-
panioned vastness of the plain, Adams'
words sounded particularly dear and
portentous. Red started visibly at them,
and resolutely refused to meet Adams'
challenging eyes.

  “I said, see here.” Mr. Adams re-
peated the words emphatically.

  “I ain't sufferin’ from any deefness,”
Red assured him flippantly. But a
nervous color burned beneath the tan
and brown of his skin, and lie still iaileu
to meet his interlocutor's regard.
36

THE <POtPUL/i<R MAGAZINE

  •'Well, I'm glad to learn as much.
Because, if you ain't deef an’ pay at-
tention, you’re likely to hear somethin’
to your advantage."

  “I’m listenin'.”

  “You’d better look, too."

  Thus commanded, Rod drew his gaze
reluctantly back from the horizon, lie
tried to meet Adams’ stare with ease,
but he failed. His own eyes wavered
and finally fell. lie laughed embar-
rassedly.

  "Spit it out. can’t you, Adams?" he
demanded, with a show of bravado.

  “I can. It’s this." Adams rode near-
er him and put a hand out to his horse's
bridle to give weight to what he was
going to say. “By the Eternal, if you're
playin’ fast an’ loose with—me, it’ll be
the* last game you’ll play on this here
planet. Red Lawson."

  "Fast an' loose with you—what d’you
mean?" Red snarled, with an air of re-
sentment.

  “Pete tells me you're against the
hold-up of the new superintendent at
the Fiero mines." Adams snapped the
words out, his eyes on the boy's chan-
ging face."

  “I—I am," the lad answered uneasily.

  “ You—you are!" Adams mimicked.
“An’ when did you set yourself up to
decide what it was advisable or not ad-
visable for the outfit to do? Or maybe
you have got a private fortune we-don't
know about an’ caw give us what we
are expectin’ to take off that young
man ?”

  “Ssh 1" whispered Red, glancing from
side to side.

  “There's no ‘sshin’ ‘ needed; there’s
no one here but you an’ me. An’ if
you're on the level, there’s no need for
whisperin’ an' sneakin'. An’ if you ain't"
—His lips closed ominously.

  “See here,” Red blustered in his
turn, “I don’t know what call you’ve
got to come at me like this. I’m
against the Fiero game—I think it’s a
big mistake. An* I’ve got the right to
say so, ain't 1 ?"

  “You ain't any longer a free agent,
Red Lawson,” said Adams sternly.
“That’s what I want you to remember.
'1 hat’s what Pete thought you was in

some danger of forget tin'. You was a
man grown when you came into this
crowd. It wasn't no case of kidnapin’.
An’ 1 tell you it’s a for-better, for-
worse union all right. ‘Till death do
us part’—death!” There was a world
of threat in his manner.

  “Oh, you can’t frighten me with your
bluffin’! As lor my bein' a grown man"

—Red’s throat worked a little—“I was
a fool boy, an’ you know it, when you
all got hold of me. 1 wasn’t nineteen."

  “Nineteen knows what it’s about out
here where they ain’t in the habit of
keepin’ boys in the nursery until they're
voters. You knew an’ you was keen
enough for it. An’ now I tell you fair
and square—you’re in too deep ever to
get out, if that's your game. You could
be strung up five times over for what
you’ve done. An* damned if I wouldn't
just as soon you would be. except for
this—too many good men would have
to swing with you. An’ that get' us
down to the gist of the whole matter.
You’re suspected of a plan to squeal—
to squeal! An’ that’s believed to be the
ground of your objection to doin' up
the new superintendent on pay-day at
the mine. An' that's Mipposed to be
the secret of your virtue, your sudden
new virtue.”

  The color rose furiously in Red's
face. “Damn you. I could kill you for
that,” he swore. “I tell you, no Law-
son’s a squealer! You know your
miserable hide is as safe with me as
my own—you know it! I'm no in-
former."

  “I’m glad, for your sake, to hear you
say so," answered Adams, more pa-
cifically. “To tell the truth. I never
more than half took stock in Pete's no-
tions. But there's only way you can
prove it to the boys—they are sus-
picious. You’ve got to take a lively in-
terest in the dom’s of next Monday
week at the Upsilon Mines at Fiero!”

  Again Red lapsed into sullenness, his
fire of anger over the suspicions di-
rected toward him burned out. He
made no reply.

  “Did you hear?" Adams’ tone was
suggestive.

  “Oh, yes, 1 heard.”
STOCKY ‘B<ROWN

37

  “Have you anything to say?”

  “Yes, damn it, I have!” cried Red,
with sudden passion. “I want to get
clear of the whole business. I tell you
I’m sick of it. It ain't like what it
seemed before I got dragged into it. 1
come of decent people, 1 do. My folks
were some one back Hast. I’m no dirty
greaser—an" I ain’t the son of no fel-
low that couldn’t go back home for
fear of the noose or the stripes. I'm
of decent people. I’ve been a fool an’
I’m—I’m tired of it. I tell you"—his
voice suddenly broke—"I can’t sleep
at night for seein’ a little girl, like I
saw her back there tiiat night at Yerkes
*—a little tiling with light hair all
ground and matted into the flesh of her
forehead, an’ her mother’s dead arm
around her—I tell you I’m sick of it.
What do I get out of it? You keep out
of sight. You’ve got a business. If
you have ten thousand dollars all of a
sudden, why, you’ve made a lucky deal
in beeves or your New York friend’s
been spcculatm’ for you! But if Red
Lawson appears with ten thousand, he
might as well walk up to the sheriff at
once an’ surrender. W hat good does
money buried in the earth do me? An’
I tell you I can’t sleep at night—that
wreck—you never said there would be
wrecks, an’ little children—an’ 1 tell you
I come of decent folks!”

  His voice, with all its manifold in-
flections of uncertainty and weakness,
had kept rising aud rising,

  “There’s something in what you say,”
admitted Adams reflectively, a little
disdainfully. "Maybe you ain’t cut out
for this by birth an’ breedin'—an*
brains!" he added contemptuously. “An’
it sure is a pity to have money an’ not
dare to swagger with it. An’ it prob-
ably does hurt when you join in family

prayers with your sister-”

  “Leave my sister out of it,” com-
manded Red. He had regained control
of his voice and spoke tersely. Adams,
watching him from under beetling
brows, thought it best to regard the
command.

  "Well, takin’ one thing with another,
maybe you ain’t cut flut for the ga.ue
as we're playin’ it. But you’re in it,

Red, an5 in it you've got to stay, for a
While, anyway. I tell you the others
ain't goin’ to let you creep out an' turn
State's evidence—an' escape punish-
ment-’’

  “I told you once-” began Red

threateningly.

  "Either here or elsewhere,” finished
Adams. “Before either an earthly or
a heavenly tribunal, as the judge said at
the hanging of old man Muller. No,
sir, not yet a while. You know too
much, Red, to get out. As long as you
live hereabouts, anyway. Maybe after
the Fiero job, an' one or two others are
done, we can let you thin|^ of leavin’
these parts, you an' Miss Crystal. An’
meantime, Red, be mighty careful how
you let that there sister of yours sus-
picion anything!”

  “She suspects enough already,”
gloomed Red. “She knows I can’t
travel with the outfit I do for any
good.”

   “Well, let that be all that she knows.
There ain’t much in that. But it would
be just as bad for you if a young lady
of your family turned traitor as if. you
did yourself. Red."

   "I tell you again," cried Red angrily,
“there ain't any traitors in the Lawson
tribe! If Cr—if she—my sister—knew
everything, she'd never give me away —
or those I'd traveled with. Poor girl—
that wouldn't be the way she’d try to
square it.”

  “Well, if you care such a whole heap
for the comfort an' peace of that young
lady, you won't desert until you get the
signal from me. It would be mighty
painful for her to have you meet with
any accident—an' the tea grounds in my
wife’s cup last fright spelt ‘accident’ for
any one who balked at the Fiero game.
Savvy?”

  Red nodded miserably. The liberty
of life which he had once seen in his
chosen course set.med closing around
him like a prison wall. He hail intended,
if he had intended any tiling, a flirtation
with desperate living, with picturesque
crime; and here he was fettered with a
lifelong alliance! His jaws snapped
together in an effort to keep back the
tears—he pitied himself so.
38

THE VOVULA^ MAGAZINE

XI.

  Stocky was reading a letter as he
ambled along" on his horse. It bore the
appearance of a much-read letter, al-
though if one could have had the priv-
ilege of examining it. he would have
seen it to be of recent date. Very
thick arid -oft to the touch was the
paper, very creamy the hue; and deli-
cately scented had the document been
until Stocky's leather and tobacco had
impregnated it; in the dark-blue enamel
across the top it bore an address dear to
the young man's recollection. Ii was a
letter from^ Agatha:

  I wonder if you know How much a girl
loves the thrill of adventure. And you are
giving it to me so constantly! 1 am at this
moment enjoying a delightful throb of it
because I am doing something which is
clandestine, which is forbidden) Does it
please you. Mr. John Randolph Brown, to
ha>c me a transgressoi for your sake? Are
you conceited enough, though the most mod-
vst of Cuban heroes, to be pleased that my
kind parents :ri<l guardians thought you dan-
gerous enough to forbid you to me, so to
speak? “I am grievously disappointed in Mr.
Brown,’’ said dear mama on the day after
Mr. Winterleigh's famous raid—by the*way,
it was quite the making of him, politically,

1	believe! \nd to think it should have been
the unmaking of you. dear Mr. Stocky
Brown! Duncan call- you "Stocky," and I
shall, too, if 1 want to. Well, as I was say-
ing. mama was “grievously disappointed";
papa was also disturbed. Mr. Winterleigh
v I? overcome with compunctions—lie told
me so, and therefore I know that he was!
Everybody was horrified except your friend
A. R. She—let me whisper you ?. secret.
She would have loved to be there herself that
night—clad in a cloak of invisibility, of
course. But they forbade Her even to re-
member the person who had been there!

  Then yonr letters to dear mama! Nice,
decorous letters they are—birt I allow myself
to read between the lines, if you please!
And 1 range the plain, and climb the moun-
tain. and brand the maverick, and lasso the
wild horse, and generally enjoy myself. All
the lime, of course, I am properly going to
dinners and dances and lo St. Bartholomew’s
Cookmg-school. and to Mrs. VVainwright's
Lenten Sewing-class, and 1 am playing bridge,
and fitting on frocks and flirting with the
same old people in the same old way!
lIeigh-ho!_ Its a tiresome world I live in.
And that is why 1 am tormenting you and
myself by this letter—you because you’re a
polite youth, my dear Mr. Stocky Brown,
and you’ll therefore want to reply when
spoken to by a lady; but you can’t without
revealing to the lady’s forbidding family that

she has disobeyed orders and written to you.
Which you will never, never do! So you’re
tormented. And I’m tormented because I’d
like the blueof the horizon for my walls too,
and the stars for my roof, anil the whole
world to ride a wild pony across! Instead
of which, mother is helping Mr. Wimerleich
receive this afternoon—he’s quite the social
rage, and it’s considered a great thing to go
to his chambers—aren’t we English?—and
hear somebody sing, or see how commonplace
a great painter can be! And I’ll be there.
His rooms are very good—but they seem a
little crowded and stuffy to a person whose
fancy is scouring the prairies.

  And do you know why I am really wri-
ting? it is to say—don’t, in the charm and
delight «>f your new life, quite forget us all.
Sometimes, when the wind is particularly
good in your lungs, or the sunset particularly
vivid across the west, remember one of us, at
least, and say—say: "If only that poor
Agatha could see this, feel this!”

  And so no more at present from yours
truly.	A. Ramsay.

  How Stocky's heart bad leaped when
the letter had been tossed out of Seth
Adams' mail-bag one day! How he
had grasped it w ith eager hands, and
then been unwilling to open and read
it there in the midst of the rough crowd.
IIow he had carried it out to his fa-
vorite spot on the ranch—a green place
where a bunch of cottonwoods gn. w
around a spring, and the dry air was
softened and sweetened by their damp
fragrance. And with what tantalized
feelings he had read it. How he had
palpitated with joy and despair. How
lie had felt her near and then had felt
her leagues upon leagues awav. IIow
he had been lifted up and cast down,
torn with jealousies and healed with
subtle, sweet assurances. How much
of an enigma she was to him—half
dear and sweet, half mocking-, deriding!
Which was she really? Which did she
mean to be?

  To-day as he rode alone on an errand
to one of the farther [joints of the
ranch, he was reading the epistle again.
No number of readings could stale it for
him, nor could any number quite make
the elusive creature's intention clear in
his mind. Had she meant to soothe
with the hint that she cared, or to hurt
with the suggestion that she was beset
with attractions all inimical to him and
his foolish hopes? He frowned, puzzled.
STOCKY ‘B'ROWN

39

  He was riding- along a sort of low
hill two or three miles distant from the
ranch headquarters—a slope the almost
straight side of which was rough with
rocks and cactus growths. He was,
to tell the truth, paying very little at-
tention to his whereabouts or his gen-
eral direction, when suddenly the
ground -gave way beneath Lady Gay’s
foot. The recent rains had washed out
fresh arroyos and made the old trails,
when these were along heights, treach-
erous. He and the horse rolled down
the embankment, among the prickly
growths that the sandy soil supported.
Fortunately he had shaken himself free
of his stirrups at the first, and he rolled
down af&r Lady Gay and upon her, in-
stead of before and under her. When,
grasping at the sand and cactus, he
finally managed to check his course
and scrambled to his feet, his first
thought was for the horse. But she,
like himself, seemed to have escaped
injury.

  “This bank is made for scrambling
down, Lady Gay,” he told her, “not for
scrambling up. We'll have to retrace
our steps, about a mile on this level,
unless you've got a pair of wings about
you, to lift us up right here.”

  Lady Gay seemed to disclaim the
wings. Stocky dug a splinter of thorn
from his arm, brushed some sand from
his face, and parted the tangle enough
to look out. “Nasty going, old girl,”
he told his mare, “but we'll manage it.”
Fie stooped to look at her hoof, which
she was holding awkwardly. “Only a
pebble," he informed her; “not a break.
Good horse! Suppose you look in my
pocket for something.” Stocky had won
a new nickname at the ranch, “Sugar
Brown,” from the habit he had of send-
ing for loaf sugar whenever a messen-
ger went to Mimosa, solely for Lady
Gay’s benefit.

  As the horse nosed into his pocket,
the young man straightened himself
again. In doing so, something peculiar
in the thicket before him attracted his
attention. It was formed not alto-
gether by nature, he decided. Some of
the cactuses were dead ones and had
been bent horizontally across a sort of

aperture. Stocky pulled them away.
Fie stood at the narrow entrance to a
cave. He peered in, but could see
nothing. The entrance twisted, and
there was only a foot or two of black-
ness before him.

  “My dear Lady Gay.” he said, “you’ll
not think me rude if I leave you for a
few minutes? No? T was sure 1 could
count upon your good nature. But the
truth is that this is tlie first cave I’ve
ever seen outside the illustrations in
my old ‘Tom Sawyer,’ and I'm going
exploring. Talk about adventure!"

  Stooping, he crept into the narrow
entrance. For a few minutes he paused
to accustom his eyes to the blackness
before them. Then, with outstretched
hands, he felt his way along. After two
or three turns the space in which he
stood suddenly enlarged. Instead of
a narrow, twisting passage which
threatened at every step lo become im-
passable, he was in a wide, spacious
underground chamber. It was filled
with a faint light from apertures mere
tiny and haphazard and overgrown than
the entrance. When he had stood erect
and became used to the gray, gloomy
twilight, he saw that the cavern had
signs of human occupation. In one
corner a piece of stovepipe rose from
a hollowed-out pile of earth and evi-
dently communicated with the outer air.
On this rude earthen hearth were
ashes. Some dirty quilts and blankets
lay about also, and a greasy pack of
cards was thrown near the primitive
fireplace. Scraps of newspaper were_
there also, and some torn pieces of
handwritten paper. A banjo with
broken strings lay in a corner, and two
or three empty flasks gave evidence of
one taste of the occupants.

  “Well, by Jove!’’ was Stocky's total-
ly inadequate comment after a minute.
“Well, by Jove!"

  He stooped to pick up some of the
newspaper to see if it gave a clue to
the occupants of the cave. It was a
Sunday supplement of ancient date con-
taining the account of a highway rob-
bery in.Wyoming and of the chase of
the robber through three States.

  “The inhabitants of this homelike
40

THE <PO<PULA<H MAGAZINE

dwelling like their news spicy and
strong," commented the young man. lie
stooped to pick up a piece of a torn
letter, hoping that it might be more en-
lightening. But the first scrap was a
non-committal scrawl in regard to a
horse deal, the pages with names upon
them being absent.

  4,I wonder if these duffers pay rent
to Adams, " Stocky asked himself,
stooping to collect a few more scraps.
“I wonder if he knows he's got such a
stronghold on his estate.” lie glanced
at the next bit of paper. It was the
first page of a communication to one
“Pete/* from a lady who wrote in the
querulous tone of a wife; she wanted
some money and she thought it very
queer lie should be gone so long.

  “Maybe Pete has his own reasons for
liking the cave,” commented Stocky,
opening another piece of paper. Jt was
a typewritten sheet upon paper from
which the official heading had been cut;
yet somehow the color, the texture,
seemed dimly familiar to him. The
words gave him a start. lie read:

  The twentieth. All lhat you need 'know
is that I regard him as in my way. The
sooner and more unostentatiously lie is re-
moved from it, the better I shall be pleased.
There are no connections here to make any
troublesome inquiries; so any accident—
mind, it must be an accident—will do. Cy-
clone, stray bullet, drunken bully’s row—only
nothing directly traceable to you. That’s
more for your own sake than mine.

  The Ycrkes affair was not a success. It
must never be repeated. How often must I
repeat that the bloody is unplcasing and
unnecessary? And to put two big corpora-
tions on your track:—the express company
and the railroad will hound you till your dy-
ing day. As I have always maintained, it is
infinitely cheaper to “corrupt" a trusted of-
ficial and make him do the work for you.
A bribed baggage-agent in the car with the
express-messengcr would have done. In this
case, of course, I know that you expected to
accomplish the other result also by the acci-
dent. If you had known him by sight, of
course you could have—that is, probably you
could have. As it was, the whole thing is
particularly messy.

  For Heaven’s sake, do try to do something
with that she-devil of a sis-

  And there the letter ended so far as
Stocky was concerned. No other scfrap
of paper was in the neat typewriting.
No other had any bearing 011 the sub-

ject of the Ycrkes disaster. Stocky,
his head in a whirl, searched and
searched. Eventually he found—his
own wallet, emptied of everything which
had made it valuable. But no more of
the incriminating document did he dis-
cover.

  So he liad, by the merest chance,
fallen upon an apparent headquarters of
the gang responsible for the train dis-
aster, and who could tell for what out-
rages besides! He could lead the sheriff
here—he could carry those telltale pages
to the officers of the law. He put all his
accidental scraps of evidence together
—his purse, the torn letters, the vari-
ous signs of occupation in the cave.
Perhaps an intelligence trained in the
detection of crime could make some-
thing of all these. And the piece of
cloth! His hand, which was busy' in
gathering the bits together, dropped
loosely at his side. Until he knew lhat
110 evidence would implicate that girl,
until he was sure of that, did he desire
to give it all into some one's else hands ?
He saw her. so courageous, so alone—
he couldn’t believe the testimony of
his senses against her eyes, against her
stubborn silence even ! He would do
nothing to bring that girl into danger.

  He made a little cache of his’own for
the things he had found—there was 110
use in throwing everything over, even
though he did not care to be rash, to
implicate Crystal Lawson in all these
horrors. Then he made his careful way
back to the daylight again. On the
whole, he would not tell Mr. Seth
Adams of the tenants he had. Stocky
had more than a moment of sick convic-
tion that the information might be no
news at all to Mr. Adams. He began
lo put two and two together, and the
resulting sum was too terrible for his
simple mind fully to believe. But he
would he on his guard for future con-
firmation of his suspicions.

  He led Lady Gay out of the pitfall,
back to the low, level ground, Ihe clear,
sunny day. He took a long, deep breath
of the warm air. Already he could
scarcely believe that he had just left
the lair of criminals. It was like a
dream, a tormenting, vivid nightmare.
STOCKY &<ROWN

41

   "Let’s forget it, Lady Gay,” lie said
to the mare. “Maybe some old wizard
is hypnotizing me into all sorts of
fancies. Perhaps the whole thing is a
delusion and I shall wake up by and by
at home in New York with a nice little
note from Mrs. Ramsay asking me to
dinner. Oh. Lady Gay, if only 1 could
be back there where there's no killing
and no highway robbing, but only sun-
shine and dimples and blue eyes and
orchids and cabs and candle-lighted
tables and-” He drew Agatha’s let-
ter out again and kissed it.

XII.

  “Well, what I want to know, what I
demand to know,” declared Barbara
Merritt about six weeks later, “is when
you mean to obey orders.”

   Like everything else around her, her
voice wa6 tense—tight, strained with
emotion. It was harsh, too, and it al-
ways affected Stocky disagreeably.
Stocky had gone thus far through the
world nursing the agreeable delusion
that women were, although appearances
were sometimes against them, sweet,
soft, tender-hearted creatures made for
man’s reverent protection. Barbara
Merritt, by her silences, by her words,
by her looks, by the aura that sur-
rounded her. did more to combat that
pleasant theory than all his other ex-
periences put together.

  When therefore, entering a lean-to
shed outside the ranch-house kitchen he
heard her taking her brother-in-law to
task, he paused irresolute. He wanted
to go in and to attend to his business,
but he hated Barbara Merritf’s pres-
ence to such a degree that it seemed
almost easier to postpone his own af-
fairs. While he debated, calling him-
self a fool for his uncertainty. Adams’
voice replied.

   "See here,” said the woman’s brother-
in-law, “you’re goin' on too much late-
ly. Don’t forget who owns this ranch
nn’ who runs it.”

  \ es, but who runs him?” demanded
the woman impertinently.

  Whoever runs him, he runs this
place an' all connected with it. himself.”

   “I tell you, if you don't obey your
chief's orders," she retorted insolently.
“I shall!”

   “Are you fool enough to think that
you can regain lost ground with him
that way?" the man taunted her. "Don't
you know that he’s done with you,
through with you, these five years an’
more ?”

  She gave a low cry of rage, more
like that of an*animal than a human,
and there was a sound as though she
was hurling herself upon Adams.
Stock)'- heard a growled “You would,
would you, you damned wildcat?” and
the sound of an overturned chair. He
hesitated no longer, but slipped quickly
out of the house. Adams and the
woman could both take care of them-
selves, he knew, and he wished no more
intimate part in the intricacies and ugly
entanglements of the X Bar Y house-
hold.

   His first buoyant delight in the nov-
elty of existence out West, in the fresh-
ness and freedom of it. had given place
to an anxious sense that he was sur-
rounded by mysteries. Stocky liked the
sunshine and the wide, open reaches of
life, not its dark and devious paths. He
felt himself incompetent to walk among
these. "That takes a fellow with
brains,” he told himself quite humbly,
counting himself a man of considerable
brawn and some breeding rather than
an intellectual human being. And grad-
ually he had come to dislike his en-
vironment because of the subtle impres-
sion that nothing in it was what it
seemed to be. Adams, with his tac-
iturnity and his angers alternating, with
his incomprehensible likes and dislikes,
with his loyalty to the old woman of
Silverton, with his absences, his isola-
tion in a community where the rule
was hospitality and good-fellowship;
Airs. Adams, in whom the passionate
nature of her sister seemed to have
simmered down to an intense capacity
for silence and a constant expectation
of calamity—Stocky had never seen
any creature whose eyes so continually
expressed a controlled horror of what
she was about to hear; Barbara Merritt,
with volcanoes of hate and desire and

■*
42

THE <PO<PULA<1<> MAGAZINE

all uncomfortable emotions burning be-
hind her jjale face; Pete, the chosen ally
of Adams, an out-and-out drunkard,
bully, gambler and thug, controlled only
by the big raneh-owner’s quiet eyes;
mysterious comings and goings under
the cover of night; mysterious mes-
sages, mysterious silences; a mysteri-
ous lack of bona-fide work about the
great ranch—all these things had finally
gotten on the boy's nerves to an extent
that made him despise himself. ‘"I'm
like a woman with nothing at all to
think about except my symptoms/’ lie
told himself.

  As the pretense that he was to be
trained for a definite position in the
cattle business which was Mr. Adams'
ostensible calling gradually declined,
Stocky had more and more time to him-
self. lie was free to come and go
pretty much as he pleased—a freedom
which he found rather degrading; he
didn't like draw ing wages for anything
so intangible as his services had proved
to be. However, he made the best of
the situation. The time which was so
lavishly accorded him he spent largely
in working his claim among the hills.
Eut he lost no opportunity of learning
some tiling about the cattle business, and
having great physical aptness as well as
strength, he was soon as good a cow-
boy as the outfit boasted.

  After leaving the ranch-house during
the ugly quarrel between Adams and
the Merritt woman, Stocky went frown-
ingly over to the corral and led out
Lady Gay. He would ride out to a
boundary fence which was reported in
bail condition-—he would do Something
to efface the impression of what he had
overheard.

   ‘ I'm going to get out of this as soon
as I can," he told himself. “It's a
crooked joint. I'm afraid if Winter-
leigh were here, he'd have to do a little
raiding on his brother’s place. Lord,
but he’d be a fine one out here! I'd
back him to discover the retreat of the
outlaws in a month and to disband them
or have them swinging in another—he's
got brains, that man! But I'm going to
get quit of this. It only that claim up
in the hills would pan out well. Or if

only Dig Mac would do as he said when
he cleared out of here, lie said the
place was too much for him, though he

wasn’t oversqueamish—and that he'd
write me from Texas when he got back
there, about the chances there. There's
one thing certain, this is no place for
me—it’s crooked and queer.”

  He was saddling his mare and was
stooping to tighten the surcingle, when
there was a sudden rush behind him
and a sharp pain went stinging through
his left shoulder. As he jerked back-
ward, the weapon that had been thrust
into him was drawn out: he had in
turning his neck a confused impression
of Barbara Merritt’s face, inflamed and
transfigured with hatred and the joy of
hatred gratified, and then, just as he
was about to receive the dagger again
in his chest, the vision widened to i«-
clude the white, tragic face of her sif-
ter. Barbara's arm was held tightly.
Stocky straightened himself, and looked
at the pair. Barbara snarled like a
thwarted animal, but she could not
shake off the older woman’s iron grip.
In a second, the younger subsided into
a half-frightened sobbing^nd whimper-
ing.

  If you will go up to the house, we
will stanch that wound—I don't think
it's serious,” said Mrs. Adams.

   “I think I’ll have soi.ie explanation
first.’ said Stocky. Mrs. Adams’ pale
face grew more strained and weary.
She still held her sister lirmiy.

   “Oh. she’s like this sometimes.” -lie
replied. “It’s—a sort of craze. I sup-
pose. But she won’t have another out-
break in a year probably. There’s no
danger.”

  “flow do 1 know that? Why
shouldn't I give her in charge?” de-
manded the young man.

  “You're bleeding quite freely, Mr.
Brown.” interrupted*the older woman.
“Please go to the house and let us
stanch the llow, or you will be weak and
sore to-morrow. Then you can talk as
much as you want to and ask Seth any-
thing you sec fit to ask him. 1 tell you
she'' she's not responsible. And I
can promise you that she won't try any-
thing of the sort again.”
STOCKY <B<ROWN

43

    The shaking, weeping creature by her
 side said nothing. Stocky followed Mrs.
 Adams' advice and went up to the
 house. He was angry, but rather at
 the mental confusion which filled him
 at the attack upon him, than at the at-
 tack itself. W hat on earth had he ever

*	done to Barbara Merritt that she should
 single him out for such an outbreak?
 He would demand some adequate reply
 from Adams—and then there pulsed
 confusedly through his recollection
 fragments of the talk he had overheard
 between the woman and her brother-in-
 law—talk of the chief, of orders unful-
 filled.

   "Oh, hang it!'' cried Stocky impa-
 tiently. “In a few more minutes I shall
 think I'm the missing heir to a vast for-
 tune and that these are the miscreants
 hired by' the usurper of my rights to
 put me out of the way! I'm getting
 dotty, that’s what’s the matter with me.
 I've always thought the woman was
 half crazy, anyway. And she turns out
 to be a little more so than I had fancied
 —and there you are !”

   Nevertheless, after he had listened
 to Adams’ halting, dry explanation of
 his sister-in-law's periodical outbursts
 of homicidal mania, which Adams
 maintained was mixed with religious
 mania and which he also declared to
 be of the most infrequent recurrence,
 Stocky decided that the air of the ranch
 was too charged with mystery to be
 easy breathing for him at the time. He
 would go up to his claim, he said, for
 a few days, and give Miss Merritt a
 chance to recover from her attack, un-
 disturbed and unexcited by his pres-
 , cncc. Adams wiped his forehead with
 a look of relief when Stocky’ reached
 this determination.

           -	* XIII.

   Riding out of Silverton, he over-
 took Crystal Lawson. She turned such
 a changed face upon him Uiat he scarce-
 ly knew it. Joy irradiated it as the
 spring irradiates the countryside. He
 suddenly realized that she was meant by-
 nature to be like this—her eyes deep
 wells of happiness, her red lips full and

curving with smiles, her whole pres-
ence expressive of ample content. Per-
haps, after all, she was not the visitant
of the wreck! Certainly nothing could
be more untilce that tragic vision than
this cheerful—nay. this more than
cheerful, this happy—young girl. She
greeted him with utter friendliness.

  “I'm disobeying orders,” she said
gaily. “I’m going up to the mine camp
alone.’’

  "No, you're not." Stocky laughed
back at her. his youth responding joy-
ously to the challenge of her vivacity.
“I’m going along.’’

  "Oh, that doesn’t count,” said Crys-
tal.

  “I'm glad you consider me such an
intimate friend," he smiled. She
blushed a little under the olive of her
skin. Stocky's heart opened wide to
take her in : she was not the lady of his
adoration, of course; she was not all
ivory and gold and turquoise and
preciousness, but she was like nuts and
berries and fruit juices and warm,
spice-fragrant days. She wasn't to. be
loved and desired and fought for—by
him, at any rate—but what a corking
friend, what a bully comrade she would
make! Agatha must know her some
day! He beamed upon her in the pleas-
ure of having really discovered her. as
it were.

  ‘'But why are you disobeying or-
ders?” he asked.

  “Oh, I'm feeling so—so energetic, I
suppose it is, that I can’t stay still in
Silverton any longer. I want to get up
there and feel that there’s no one to
breathe up the air but me—you sha'n’t
count. I want a big, wide space to feel
happy in.”

  “As happy as all that? Aren't you
going to tell me about it?" Stocky had
a sentimental streak in him. and he was
hoping that she would announce that
she was engaged. So much joy for a
smaller event would be a waste, he
thought.

  “As happy as all that.” she answered,
“but not what you think, Mr. Mind-
reader. Tt’s nothing but—but my
brother. I speak to you about him.”
she added, with a note of gravity in her
44

THE VOVULA^R MAGAZINE

full, low tones that had for Stocky
something' the note of a thrush, “be-
cause you spoke to me about him. You
criticized him—do you remember?"

  “1 didn’t mean to be rude and im-
pertinent," answered Stocky contritely.

  "It’s all right—now," she assured
him. "For W ill wasn’t—hadn’t been—
doing- just what 1 thought was right.
Me had worried me—you see I feel like
a mother to him, although I’m only a
year older. But lies changed, lie's
given up goin*; about with the people I
disliked. Ut^ is going to work tlie
claim-—we’re so happy together. And
now I'll tell you the real reason I’m
telling von anything about it."

  "Another real reason—more than
that you wanted me to know how mis-
taken my impertinent remarks were?”

  "Another. Besides, I’m willing to
admit now that your remarks were not
entirely groundless. The other is—
Will says you—you ‘gave him a dis-
gust,* he calls it—for the crowd he’d
been going about with?”

  "What—me?" said Stocky, ungram-
matically and embarrassedly.

  "Yes.” Her eyes dwelt upon him
with deep gladness and friendliness. "It
seems that one day when—when he
hadn't been behaving very well—you
rode up; it was the day you had just
driven those Mexicans away from Lo-
lita’s cabin. And somehow, he says,
you looked so different from the gang
he’d been with : you weren't ashamed
to be polite; you weren’t afraid. Oh,
what can I say about it all ? Anyway,
Will saw you—and I suppose the time
was ripe ; and he began to consider that
dad had been your sort—not the sort
that some of his friends are. And he
began to think that he’d rather be in
your class-”

  “See here." cried Stocky, “don't go
on. Miss Crystal. You cover me with
confusion. If your brother knew- what
a poor kind of stick I am, he'd prefer
Black Pete and the rest any time. I
hadn't anything to do with any change
that there may be in him—-hang it. I'm
not a Sundaj'-school-book hero. As you
say yourself, the time was ripe. He felt
like coming back where he belonged.

That's all. But”—he leaned down so
as to look more closely into her glow-
ing face—-Tm mighty glad, for your

sake and for his/'

  She smiled unspoken thanks at him,
and they rode e>n in pleasant silence for
a while. That all her thoughts were
still upon her brother there was no
question, for when she finally spoke it
was of him.

  “He's coming up to-morrow,” she
said. And “Good,” replied Stocky em-
phatically.

  He came tip on the morrow and when
Stocky, after a day’s work on his claim,
went over to the cabin on the Lawson
claim, he was struck by the change in
the boy’s looks. Yet, through all the
improvement, there was still a strain
of diffidence, of nervousness—almost of
fear. Reel showed no lack of devotion
to his sister. It was pretty to see them
together—pretty, and a iittle sad for
Stocky, who yearned to have some one
of his own to whom he could be de-
voted. As they sat around after sup-
per, the men puffing at their pipes, the
girl sitting contentedly doing nothing
on a low stool before the fire, her el-
bows on her knees, her chin in her
palms. Red remarked: “I wish I had my
banjo.”

  “Do you play?” It was Stocky, of
course, who asked.

  “Oh, I strum a little.” ,

  ‘'What’s become of your banjo,
Will?” asked his sister, idly.

  “Lost it one time I wa.«'off camp-
ing/' said Red.

  Stocky half laughed. “I could guide
you, I think, to the remains'ol one.’' :

  “Where?” asked Red carelessly,'*
knocking the ashes from his pipe.

  Stocky had never mentioned the cave
to any one. But now he could see no t
indiscretion in it—was »he not among j
friends at last? That had been one of 1
the torments of his position ever since
be had come to the West—he had had
no friend, no one to whom he could
say what he pleased without fear of I
misconstruction.

  “In a robbers' cave/’ he answered,
with mock impressment in his voice.
rarn fll r n ri m

STOCKY <B<ROWN

45

Crystal sal suddenly erect and tense.
Red spilled some tobaccg.

    "A robbers' cave?" repeated Crystal.

   "Yon mean just a cave, don’t you ?"
amended Red when he had rammed the
tobacco into the bowl.

   “No—I mean a robbers’ cave." Then
Stocky began to wish lhat he had .not
spoken so gaily. After all, he had seen
Crystal's face on the night of the train-
robbery, he had a piece of her torn
dress—why had he been such a bloom-
ing idiot as to lead the conversation
back to that uncomfortable, unex-
I plained event?

   “Where?" Red jerked the word out.
“Yes, where?" demanded Crystal.
. tensely.

   Stocky started to tell them with
much circumlocution in order to gain
time. While he was still floundering,
i a long- cry, as of some wild beast,
I quavered through the air. Crystal and

 ■	her brother sat straighter. In the fire-
 lit twilight of the cabin. Stocky
 thought he saw her eyes turned with a

>	look of heart-broken reproach upon
Red. As for him, it was plain that he
heard the cry with alarm.

“What’s that? A wildcat?" asked
Stocky, glad of interruption. The cry
rose and fell again. It seemed very
near. It seemed almost to pass along
the very mountain above the cabin.
Red arose and went toward the door.

 “Will,’’ said Crystal pleadingly.

“Just a minute. Sis. It sounds so
:i near I guess I'll sec if I can get a shot
eat it.”

   The darkness outside engulfed him.
C The cry sounded again, and from very
i near at hand it was returned.

   “By Jove, there must be a perfect
-) carnival of wildcats at \our very door,"

 >	declared Stocky, rising to follow young
 f Lawrson. “Do you mean to tell me
 : that you wouldn’t have been fright-

>	ened, hearing sounds like that if you
f had been up here alone?"’

   “Don’t go out," said Crystal vvood-

>	enly. “Oh, don't you know that was
T no real cat? It—it wav a signal."

    She buried her face in her hands for
 ; a second. W'hen she raised it. and
 ; arose to light the lamp there was no

   trace of the merry girl who had rid-
den with him the day before. It was
the gray-faced woman of former days
—miserable, burdened, helpless, hope-
less. Stocky, understanding only that
one of Red’s old associates had sum-
moned him with a signal-call, that Red
had responded, and that Red’s sister,
after what Stocky shrewdly suspected
to be the habit of woman, was making
a tragedy over it, took his leave as
soon as Red reentered the cabin. The
next day when he went over to see his
neighbors it was closed and empty.

   Somehow all the pleasure of the ex-
pedition was gone for die young man.
Here, too, as well as at the ranch, were
mysteries and darknesses. Truly he
had fallen upon times trying for an
easy-going, open-hearted, plain-speak-
ing young man. He would go down to
the ranch again and demand some ex-
planation of things; he would tell
Adams what he knew of the cave; he
would put the authorities on the track
of the desperadoes; he would do some-
thing to clear up the obscurities in
which he moved.

   He dawdled several days over his re-
 turn trip, however. There mingled so
 much distaste with his impatience that
 the one almost neutralized the other. If
 he wanted to enter, with a bold demand
 for truth, the complexities of the situa-
 tion, still he did not want to become,
 by knowledge, any more of a part of
 all the ugliness than he already was.
 If he felt it a duty to tell what he
 knew, to spur the jaded activity of the
 county official-, he had a dread of what
 the investigations might reveal about
 the girl whom he had called friend
 and comrade in his thoughts as they
 rode up the mountain slopes together.
 Altogether the situation was a langle.
 Stocky jogged home by the roundabout
 .route of Mimosa. Perhaps there would
 be a letter from Uncle Ephraim offer-
 ing him a modest fortune, or from
 Mr. Ramsay, offering him a partner-
 ship, or news that the millennium had
 been formally proclaimed and inaug-
 urated, or some equally likely way of
 escape from this accursed country.

   But there was not. There was a let-
46

THE VO'PULJl'R MAGAZINE

ter for him directed in Agatha’s hand-
writing—a thick, creamy envelope the
sight of which made his pulses bound.
And there was a newspaper carefully
directed in her mother's fine, neat
script. Stocky indifferently thrust the
latter into his saddle-bag-—he supposed
it would contain an account of Mrs.
Ramsay’s tnusfeale for this celebrity or
dinner for that, for the lion-hunting
hostess had no objection to spreading
the news of her captures broadcast,
even in the most unlikely places—and
he felt that that could wait. But
Agatha's letter his fingers twitched to
open. Only 1^ must get out of the
sun-baked, ugly little town. It was not
a fit place to open such a letter.

  On the plain, headed homeward, with
nothing, apparently, between him and
the sky, he drew it from his pocket and
broke it open. His heart beat, his eyes
were suffused. The folded sheet was
bare on the last page—it was not then
a long letter! He fumbled with it
nervously. Only a line on the first
page, under the blue enamel of the date,
rewarded him:

  Forgive me. Forgive tne.

  It seemed to Stocky that the whole
world reeled. The blur before in-
creased. He tried to brush it away—it
must have deceived him. must have
made him read falsely. ITe stared hard
again at the paper. There was no mis-
taking the words. Agatha's hand had
not trembled. Every curve was Jully
made and rounded: the whole grace-
ful. decided, distinguished handwriting
of the girl was perfect. What did it
mean ? What did she mean ?

  He had ridden ten miles or more, the
beat of the horse's hoofs going through
his brain like presses that printed there
in uneffaceable characters the words:
"Forgive me. Forgive me.” Sudden-
ly he remembered the other part of his
mail I re dragged the paper out of the
saddle-bag, he tore the wrapping off.
He knew that somewhere within its
pages he would find a clue to Agatha’s
note. Her mother had supplied that.

  It was on the first page that he
found it. under sufficiently large head-

lines. If the Gordon wealth had not
commanded importance to oust from
the first place of the paper politics and
crime and scandal, the Winterleigh
prominence would have merited it. The
shining member of the district attor-
ney's office was to marry the daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Gordon Ramsay—
that was the great news of the day,
along with a mine disaster and a Black
Hand outrage and a Presidential fore-
cast. The engagement was announced;
the date of the marriage was not set—
some time in the coming autumn would
probably see the happy pair united.

  And now at last Stocky knew how
stronger than reason hope had been.
He rode on with a sgre, hot heart. By
and by, of course, he began to make
excuses for Agatha. She had told him
plainly that his suit was hopeless on ac-
count of his lack of money and posi-
tion. She had given him tender marks
of affection—and remembering them
now in the moment of his bitterness,
the young man was in torment for them
again—because she was young and
simple. There was no pledge between
them—she had always told him she was
only “playing." Only he had thought,
in his doting hopefulness, that she
“played” chiefly in saying that! And
he had known there was no hope—and
her father and mother had doubtless

coerced her into this- And then

the recollection of Agatha’s laughing,
provocative face lifted to Winterieighs
amused, appreciative, sensuous one
smote him, and lie put his hand quickly
to his eyes to shut out the vision.

  He rode hard and he roefe long, and
by the time he finally turned his horse’s
head toward the ranch, he had regained
control of himself. He felt ages older
—he felt that he had done with youth,
almost. He had determined upon his
course. It was clear to him that
Agatha was scourged with remorse
over those afternoons; for them she
begged his forgiveness—ah, his forget-
fulness ! Well., he would—forgive.
He had nothing to forgive! But he
would put the thought of her away.
He would go back home—into the but-
ter business or any other. He would
\

STOCKY <B<ROWN

47

  get out of the accursed tangle of life
  here. And then he would go home and
  efface himself. His path and the Win-
  terleighs’ need never cross. And by
  and by he would be an old man and it
  would not matter at all.

    He was greeted with more than usual
  cordiality—almost with relief when he
  arrived at the ranch. Barbara Merritt,
  cowed and white, came up to him and
  made him a little speech of painful
  apology. There were times, she said,
  when she was impelled to do terrible
  things—though she herself did not re-
  member them; but her sister told her
  so. And her sister had told her that
  lately she had tried to hurt him. Would
  he—but Stocky cut her short with kind
  words and, indeed, with a sense of
  pity. Poor girl, poor afflicted soul! He
  turned from her subdued and white
  face, to her brother-in-law. who stood
  near and watched her during the cere-
  mony.

“So our friend Winterleigh,” said
Stocky, striving to speak lightly, and
anxious to reduce his news to the level
) of the commonplace as soon as possible,
“so our friend Winterleigh is going to
I be married."

   “What!" The scream came, not
from Adams, but from Barbara Mer-
ritt. Stocky swung swiftly around
again, to find the meek, piteous crea-
1 ture of the moment before transformed,
f Her face, which he never remembered
» to have seen with color before, was
; aflame. Her eyes were two malignant
i lightnings. Her bpdy was tense,

I poised as though for a spring.

    “I said." began Stocky, while Adams
) caught his sister-in-law by the shoulder
; and shook her fiercely, crying: “Do
' you want another taste of the cellar,
t fool?"

“Let me go!" she yelled. “Let me
4 go!" She wrenched herself free.

 “Now let me hear him say it again—

<	the lie!” She glared at Stocky.
 Stocky looked from one to the other,
 bewildered and angry.

“I don't understand all this.” ke said
*. shortly. “I must ask you, Mr. Adams,
not to lay hands on that woman again
while I am here. If she is a violent

lunatic she should be put under proper
restraint, not left to chance subduing
by brutality. And if she is not. there’s

less excuse for roughness-”

  "Again, again! Say it again if you
dare!" Barbara Merritt stood under
his very chin.

  "I said that Mr. Adams’ friend, Mr.
Edward Winterleigh, was engaged to
be .married to a young ladv in New
York.”

  “Say that it's a lie, a damnable lie!”
She reached up as if to threaten him,
when her sister glided in from one of
the rooms beyond, summoned by
Adams. She laid a hand on Barbara’s
arm and spoke to her in some dialect
unknown to Stocky, apparently Indian.
The girl subsided and leaned her face
against her sister’s shoulder. Finally
she answered in the same uncouth
tongue in which she had been ad-
dressed.

  “She says," interrupted Mrs. Adams,
looking sadly at Stocky, “for me to ask
you if you are sure it is true or if it
is only a newspaper report. And what
the young lady's name is.”

  "I have reason to believe it is true,”
said Stocky, the line of Agatha’s letter
printed upon his brain. "And the
young lady is—is a'Miss Ramsay.”
Barbara Merritt raised her face from
her sister’s shoulder and looked at
Stocky with a concentrated rage and
hatred he had never seen equaled. Then
she faced her brother-in-law.

  “He shall never marry her." she de-
clared hissingly. “Never—and you may
tell him so.” she added to Adams. Her
manner, curiously enough, for all the
absurdity of her assertion, was com-
posed and sane. Adams briefly bade
her be satisfied with the folly she had
already committed and not add to it.
She looked at him vindictively.

  “I will see you all swinging from the
gallows before he shall marry her,” she
declared. “Robbers and murderers—
fools! Do you think that T shall sub-
mit to this when I can stop it? You
get a retraction from him of this thing
—ride and telegraph to him—or, before
God. I will hang you all!”

  "She is clean locoed," declared
48

THE <POiPULAcR MAGAZINE

 Adams wearily, and yet with a little
 anxiety in his weariness, lie motioned
 to his wife to take Ihe woman away.
 Then he went on explaining to Stocky:
 ■'You see how it is, of course. Win-
 terleigh—oh, it’s ten or twelve years
 since he made love to this fool. An’
 she thinks she has a claim on him ever
 since. Lately these crazy spells have
 been cornin’ on her, an' they come Olt-
 enest by some connection with him. It
 was that you were a friend of his that
 turned her against you—an’ you know
 the rest.*'

   “I know both more and less than I
 desire to know. Mr. Adams,'* replied
 Stocky, with some dignity. "There are
 many things which have happened since
 my arrival here which I don't under-
 stand; what I do understand I don’t
 like.”

   “We’re rough, I grant you that,” said
 Adams conciliatingly. “We haven’t
 much polish—an’ I have to keep a
 crazy woman 011 my place because she's
 my wife’s sister an' my wife can’t bear
 to have her taken away—even if any
 judge would commit her; the day she
 went up for examination she’d prob-
 ably be as sane as you an’ me. But I
 ask you, Mr. Brown, except that our
 Western ways ain't iiko your Eastern
 ones an’ that my sister-in-law is a she-
 devil. have you anything to complain
 of?”

   Stocky felt bafiled. Of what could
 he complain for which he could prove
 Adams in any way responsible? Cer-
 tainly he had been well treated by the
 man personally. He hesitated, feeling
 a little foolish.

   ■‘Because," went on the ranchman,
 pursuing his advantage, “I’d like to
 know what it is. An’ to remedy it.
 You come here, Mr. Brown, recom-
 mended to me by a friend—bah,
 why not say the truth, which I know
 that you know ? You come here rec-
 ommended to me by my half-brother, a
 man whom \ have every reason in the
 world to oblige. You’ve been here no
 time at all before you save my' old
 1 mother from harm. Why should I not
 do my best for you in every way?
 When haven't I done my best for you?’’

  Stocky, apparently convicted of un-
graciousness and ingratitude, turned

red.

  "You make me out a pretty poor
sort, Mr. Adams. But you must re-
member that I had an unfortunate in-
troduction to your country, an’ that
my recent experience with your sister-
in-law was—well, disconcerting, at
lexist. But from you I think I have
nothing to complain of. I hope you'll
overlook my growling.”

  “It was natural enough, I suppose,”
said Adams, achieving the effect of a
dignified forgiveness. The two parted,
Stocky going out to the quarters of the
men. As he went he pondered the
threats of Barbara Merritt. He did not
feel sure at that moment that she was
merely insane. And if she were not,
what did she mean by including Ed-
ward Winterleigh in her threats?

“Robbers—murderers-” the words

rang in his ears. And there Mas the
cave—and the directions from someone
authority to some other as to the man-
agement of crimes, the conduct of train-
robberies, the assassination of selected
victims. Suppose that letter had been

to Adams ? Suppose-- His mind

groped, fascinated, horrified, among
appalling possibilities^ And gradually
the blue bond paper with its neat type-
writing formed itself again before his
eyes. Where had he seen that paper?

  “Pshaw!” cried Stocky, leaping to
his feet. “I’m in a nightmare. I'll
soon be as crazy as that vixen of a
Merritt woman.”

  And then a pain crossfed his heart
that made him forget for the moment
everything but it. He clenched his
hands against it. How could he bear
it? Yet he must—must bear it quiet-
ly, bravely—for had not she written:
“Forgive me—forgive me?"

XIV.

  It was a troubled sleep that Stocky
had when finally he succeeded in sleep-
ing at all. From one restless, dis-
turbed dream he passed to another. It
was not his own experiences which
colored them—they seemed pure fan-
STOCKY

tasies, unconnected with anything he
had ever known, lie fell off high cliffs
and caught himself half-way down
their scarred faces; railroad^rains, de-
moniac and uncontrolled, pursued him,
and no turning or twisting on his part
could defeat their determination to
grind him to pieces. He was all alone
in regions of arctic ice; he was set to
walk unimaginable distances over hot,
shifting sands. All sorts of tortures
he endured, one after another.

    Finally it seemtd to him that he
  awoke from his various nightmares,
  and that some one was calling him
  outside the familiar bunking-room. It
  seemed that he arose in answer to the
  call—it was like Agatha’s voice was
  his confused impression as he seemed to
  stumble to the door, drawing on some
  clothes as he went. Outside that de-
  lusion seemed to vanish. The night
  was flooded with silver, and all the
  sheds and outhouses and the ranch-
  house itself stood very distinct in the
  moonlight. And it seemed to him that
  Barbara Merritt was waiting for him,
  and that it was perfectly natural that
  he should follow her and do her bid-
  ding. She wanted her own horse, he
  thought, which was not in the corral,
  but had been running the range for £.
  c week. “I must have him.” she seemed
  to tell Stocky, “for I have a long ride
  that I must make before morning, and
  I couldn’t trust any other horse to
  „ take me.”

Then he thought that she showed him
, her wrists, red and scarred with ropes,
i and her arms, blackened with cruel
pressure. “That is how he subdues
n me." she whispered, with a ghost of a
J smile; “but to-night I have escaped
him.” Then Stocky seemed to himself
' to pity her greatly, but she dismissed
his pity lightly.

    "t suppose I am a little crazy.” she
t told him. “At any rate, lie could easily
prove It so if any one should hear of
' the cellar and the ropes. You see, it is
i crazy for any one to brood as I do,
j and to wait as I have waited, and to
, hate and to love like me. But now get
I me my horse, for I am quite sane now.”
And Stocky thought that he mounted

      4

<B<ROWN	*49

his own horse and rode to the top < f a
high mesa behind the house and easily
found Barbara Merritt's horse, and
brought him down, and finally watched
her ride noiselessly away in the moon-
light.

  In this dream, which he thought in-
deed no dream but the true condition
of affairs, he had just come into the
long room Svith its bunks again, and
hail just thrown himself upon hi- bed,
when he was taken roughly by the
shoulder. He opened his eyes. He
was on the bed half-dressed and the
morning light was flooding the room.
Adams stood over him—shaking him to
rouse him.

  “Get out of this quickly.” he said.’
"I want to see you at the house.*’ and
left him.

  But when Stocky reached the house,
Adams was not there. Mrs. Adams
met him, inscrutable and gray.

  “Mr. Adams?” said Stocky briefly.
“He wanted to see me ”

  “No, he didn't,” replied Mr. Adams'
wife woodenly. “lie wanted to get rid
of you so that he could see the other
men without your bearin' anything.”

>	Stock)' looked at her blankly. She
returned his stare out of dead eyes.

  “I mean what I say," she said in her
monotone. “He wanted to warn the
others.”

  “Warn the others?”

  “Warn ’em to scatter—to hide.”

  “Mrs. Adams, I don't know why you
arc speaking to me like this,” said
Stocky, gaining some possession of him-
self. “I don't know what you mean.”
“I don’t know just what I mean my-
self,” cried the woman, her toneless-
ness suddenly taking on the poignancy
of anguish. "I'm talkin' because 1 can’t
help it. Barbara’s gone, my sister’s
gone, Mr. Brown—an’ my husband
knows she’s gone to tell what she
knows, an' he wants the men to scatter,
to hide. An’ he don’t know yet how
she got away. He had her tied down
in the cellar.”

  “How did she get away?” asked
Stocky dully. What in the dreadful
night was fact and what was dream?
Airs. Adams answered dully: “1 did
5d

THE tPOePUL/lcR MAGAZINE

it. T couldn't bear for her to suffer
no more."

  "Ami what has she gone to tell and
where:"

  “Oh, you must know! Last night
when she called us what she did, he
was speakhi’ God’s truth. And now
she's gone to tell. She can lead them
to the cave as straight as a die—an’
there they’d find enough to show who
held up the Fiero superintendent las'
week—that was while you was away
workin* your claim. Maybe you didn't
know. Ah' they’d find other things,
maybe—an' Seth is warnin’ them to
scatter. He says we’ve all gut to scat-
ter. But I ain’t goin’. I ain’t goin’ till
my poor sister comes home again.”

  Adams swung noisily into the room.

  "Ah, here you are, .Brown.” he said,
with the assumption of bluff heartiness.
"I've just been called off to Dealing
on business for a few days. I've been
assignin’ the boys their jobs. I want
you to stay at headquarters an' tend
things here-"

  “Sec here. Adams,” said Stocky
quietly, “there’s no use bluffing me."

  Adams cast a swift glance of sus-
picion on his wife. She nodded.

  "I’ve told him,” she said unemotion-
ally. Adams scowled blackly. Then
his forehead cleared.

  "Well. youM have to know it sooner
or later," he observed philosophically.
"A little sooner doesn't make any dif-
ference. It's true we run one or two
little side enterprises—an' my precious
sister-in-law. we suppose, has gone to
tell what she thinks she knows about
them. But there’ll be no proof??—
there'll be no proofs! An’ she’s well
known for a lunatic. It'll be unpleas-
ant for a while, that's all. Now will
you stay here an' keep house, or will
you ride with us?”

  ' Tell me one thing," answered
Stocky, amazed at the man’s openness
and at his own quiet acceptance of the
situation. "Was this gang implicated
in that traiu-wreck when I came out—
the Yerkes wreck?”

  A bricklike flush mounted Adams’
broad, sallow face.

  “We didn't know- you then," he said,
admitting and apologizing all in one
breath. Stocky waved the apology
a^ide. 1 fis personal animosity was
singularly inert, lifeless. ~It was no
crime against himself that he thought
of.

  “If there is any chance that that out-
rage will be discovered,” he said, “I
mean if there are any evidences left—

I cannot stay here with Mrs. Adams.

There is something else 1 must do.

And let me tell you this, you-”

The words of insult died upon his lips
as he looked at the man; he had been
too buffeted by experiences and emo-
tion? to feel anything very strongly
now, even rage and disgust and horror.
The futility of strong language seemed
to him its strangest characteristic.
“Let me tell you this, Mr. Adams,” he
amended his remark, “I hope with all
the strength I am capable of that you
will get exactly what you deserve.”

  Adams eyed him evilly for a second.
"I suppose you realize that you’re pret-
ty much in my power," he said. "It’ll
pay you to keep a civil tongue in your
head. It wouldn't trouble my con-
science a mite to put you where you'd
never wag it again, civil or uncivil."

  Stocky fingered the revolver in his
pocket, but with the same sense of
deep indifference to his own safety and
Adams’ anger as he had toward every-
thing else.

  "I know you wouldn't lie awake
nights over killing me.” he answered.
"But I’d trv to arrange that you
shouldn't lie awake at all. I don't in-
tend to die without a fight—and you
mightn't come out first in that."

  Adams’ hand, in his pistol-pocket,
clicked something. Stocky watched
him warily, poised as though for a
spring at the first intimation of move-
ment on Adams' part.

  “Damn it!" cried the ranchman
suddenly, drawing his hands empty
from his pocket. "What do I want to .
waste time bandyin* words writh you
here? Have I nothin' else to do? You ,
did me a good turn cnce, when you t
didn't know it. I've tried to pay you
for it—I have paid you for it! We
STOCKY <B<ROWN

5 i

stand square as far as that goes. But,
all the same, I can't feel it that we’re
square enough for me to kill you.
Get out of here—you saved my mother
from harm ; I'll never attack you unless
it’s to save my own life from you."

  “Maybe I owe you somethin' for
that,” said Stocky, “but I don’t feel the
debt. I say it again—I hope you get
what’s coming to you !”

  He opened the door and passed out.
He ran to the corral. Already it was
empty of horses, except two or three.
He saddled one in haste and mounted.
All that he desired was to reach Crys-
tal Lawson and warn her that judg-
ment was about to fall on the wreck-
ers. I f she belonged to them, let her
escape. If it was only her brother—
let him escape. Stocky was too im-
mensely weary with all that he had
endured to reflect upon his own in-
consistencies.

  The day advanced from the fresh-
ness of early dawn to the steady mid-
morning heat. He rode and rode, up
from the high plateau into the hills.
Never in all his young life had he
known such a weight of deadness as
oppressed him now. The action of his
mind was purely mechanical. Wonder,
horror, sadness, fear, had no place in
his tired heart. He only knew that he
was riding to Crystal Lawson to warn
her that danger threatened her. His
very curiosity as to how she was ini-
plicated in all this lawlessness was lan-
guid.^

  On and on. the hot sun beating upon
him noon approached. On and on,
the young flowers and grasses of the
higher regions crushed beneath his
horse’s hoofs. On and on. the sweet-
ness of the junipers and the scrubby
aromatic growths in his nostrils. And
by and by he came near the bleak little
settlement lhat sprawled upon the rough
mountainside. Here were larger ever-
greens. more shade, the sense of great-
er coolness. As he wound his way up
beyond the abandoned mine tunnels, the
rotted and rusty machinery, the ruins
of workmen's houses and company of-
fices, lie had the first living sensation
he had had that ^lav. Before Crystal’s

door a rough little platform had been
built—a primitive piazza. On it there
was a long chair with a bright, turkey-
red cushion making a note of color. A
Mexican olla swung from the rude
roof. It all indicated one th;ng, which
he understood, even in the dulled st;:te
of his mind. The instinct of the home-
maker had been bom in Crystal or in
her brother—in them both, perhaps. It
was all one with the glad light in her
eyes the day they had ridden together.
It was one with her joy—an outward
and visible sign of an inward happi-
ness.

  As he rode up. Crystal herself came
out upon the porch. She had a flower-
pot in her hand and she set it upon the
platform’s rail at one side. Then she
stood back and surveyed the effect, h r
head inclined to one side. Then came
the sound of his. horse‘s hoofs, and she
turned.

  He leaned from his saddle, not dis-
mounting. He had the vague sense
that he had man# errands, much busi-
ness, that here was but a part of his
duty done. It was with difficulty that
he remembered why he had come to
her.

  “What is the matter?" she cried at
once. “You are sick—you are hurt—
what is it?”

  “I’m all right.” said Stocky thickly.
“I came to tell you something. You—
you must go away.” He swayed upon
the saddle.

  “Get down," she cried, jumping
down the step and running to his side.
“Get down. You're sick.”

  He slid down his saddle, and she put
a strong arm abefut him and led him
up to the turkey-red cushioned chair,
lie was conscious as though from a
great distance, of being gently, tender-
ly, pushed back and pillowed. He felt
the reviving touch of cool water on his
head, the reviving trickle of brandy
down his throat. Then lie came back
from the immeasurable distances where
his spirit had dwelt all the morning
while his' body had done so many
things.

  “I seem to have gone pretty queer,”
he said. Then he reflected. “I guess
52

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

I forgot my breakfast. Wait a min-
ute," as Crystal at this confession
darted into the house. “Wait a min-
ute." He essayed to rise and follow
her. but liis limbs Were weighted down
with weakness and weariness. He sank
again into the chair In a second, it
seemed, she was back again and was
holding a cup with raw egg* to his
mouth.

  “Swallow them,” she commanded,
and he obeyed. After a minute life
seemed to flow once more through him.

  "I didn’t conic here for nursing." he
told her, ‘‘but to warn you. I he of-
ficers will be on the track of the parties
who caused the Yerkes wreck this
morning. If you—1 wanted you to
know.”

  She stared at him out of horror-
stricken eves.

  “Then it was that!” she cried.

  “What was that?’’

  “Black Pete was here a while ago,
looking for my brother. Will was on
the way to Mimosa fflen. If they come
from there—but maybe Black Pete
overtook him: he had" only been gone
half an hour.”

  "It was your brother then—and you
were following him." said Stocky slow-
ly, “following him to try to dissuade

him--" But she had run into the

house again. In a few minutes she
came around on her horse.

  “I shall bless you for this till my dy-
ing day." -he cried passionately. “I
must leave you—you must rest-"

  "I am going with you." cried Stocky.

  “No, no, no! Why should you mix
up in these wretched things? And you
are half dead now, and your horse is
spent. Good-by. God bless you!’’

  She was off. while Stocky was still
standing on the porch, clutching the* rail
to keep from swaying.

  He went into the little house. It
was very neat and it had a certain
rough grace of its own, with its big,
Navajo blankets, its antlers over the
fireplace, its branches of pine in jars
of Indian pottery, its unexpected, rough
shelves for books, ft was a very dif-
ferent cabin from its neighbors, be-

speaking a different standard of life.

And to think that such utter ruin and
disaster threatened it!

  In the pantry he found more eggs
and milk. Conscientiously he ate and
drank, and gradually strength came
back to him, and with it a more living
emotion concerning those events in the
midst of which, he stood. When at
last he was ready to take one of the
horses from the little enclosure back of
the house and to put up his own jaded
mare, he was himself again, and him-
self cursing the time-destroying col-
lapse which had cost him an hour.
Whatever happened, he wanted to be
with Crystal Lawson when the supreme
moment of trial came to her. lie
mounted the new horse and struck off
down the trail toward Mimosa.'

  It was easy following her trail for a
while, and then suddenly, he Was
aware that the prints before him no
longer tended toward Mimosa, but met
him, coming from that town. He went
slowly back to the point where her
tracks disappeared from the road. So
did all the others—all those which he
had met coming from the town. He
alighted and examined a tiny side path,
leading in and up the mountainside.
There was a whole congress of prints.
Crystal's were no longer distinguish-
able, but they must be among the many
—at least three horsemen had turned
off the main road here.

  Stocky turned and found himself pur-
suing a rough trail up the mountain-
side. Here and there lie almost lost it,
and went astray up the tracks beati-n
down by the cattle there for the sum-
mer grazing. But he always found it
again and followed it. his faculties so
concentrated upon keeping it that he
had no thought left to expend upon the
errand on which he was bent, ami upon
the question whether he went as a sup-
porter or a defier of the law. Now the
low, scrubby growths of the mountain
would almost block his progress. Some-
times he would come out into a natural
clearing among trees and would look in
every direction among the pine-needles
and the grasses for some sign that this
was not the end of all things so far as
STOCKY <B<ROWN

53

  the trail was concerned. Then lie would
  go 011 again.

   It was Red Lawson's horse and 110
  woodcraft of his own that finally led
  Stocky to tlie place he sought. He had
  traveled all the afternoon, and in the
  trees and the shadows of the higher
  -heights it was already twilight when he
  struck a rough, overgrown level. There
  were giant boulders here, and tall trees,
  and some smaller growths. It was
  rough and awful as at creation's
  morning. Stocky,, during his brief
  regin as Mrs. Gordon Ramsay's pet,
  had once sat in her box during a
  performance of "Die Walkiire." The
  setting of that opera, through which
  he had ungratefully yawned, recurred
  to his mind now. The same gloom,
  the same mystery, the same trees and
  rocks, it seemed to him were here. He
  drew rein to try to determine how to
  thread his way, how to keep the trail.
  The horse t urned * deliberately in one
  direction—faced a giant boulder, it
  seemed to his rider."-

   "Go your own way, old bov,” said
 Stocky; “I've no better suggestion to
 offer, and if your impulse is wrong,
 we'll come back and try it again.”

    Straight up to the clifflike wall the
horse trotted. Knowingly he picked
his way around its base. At one end
there was a small opening, absolutely
nothing at all at the ground, but four
|, or live feet higher widening to a jagged
' two feet, and then closing into the cliff
( again. To this aperture—scarce big-
l ger than the eye of a needle in this im-
I mensity, it seemed to Stocky—the beast
j trotted. He lifted a careful forefoot.

! Stocky lay forward 011 his back, his

i	arms about the animal's neck. Upright,

[ he must have been brushed off the sad-
  dle.

Across the small opening he was car-
1 tied, and along a sort of passageway,

( under a low, natural ceiling, till he
I came to a space where he felt that he
1 could sit erect again. ITe straightened
\ himself in the saddle. Only the
| branches of trees interrupted his view
1 of the sky. He was in a natural, rough
\ amphitheater, surrounded by walls of
I rock and by trees. He had entered it,

lie perceived, by the only possible en-
trance—one which he himself woul l
never have believed to be an entrance.
His first question was how he would
be able to get back, for the space in
which he was seemed destitute of any
sign of life. Then suddenly he changed
his mind. One of the lowering cliffs
before him seemed to open and to let
forth a man w ith a gun leveled di-
rectly at him.

  Stocky had moments of natural com-
mon sense. He raised Lis arms now
upon command, and the person wiili
the gun advanced toward him, keeping
the weapon disconcertingly pointed at
him. I11 another second he was look-
ing down upon Black Pete’s ugly face.

  “Get down,” said Black Pete terse-
ly. Stocky got down. Black Pete
scanned the horse. “Ri 'in’ Lawson’s
nag, are you?” he observed. "Does
that mean you come fair an’ square?
Or are you a damned informer?”

  “I’m no informer," said Stocky
shortly, ridiculously angry with the
term, although he felt that to be an in-
former in this case would be quite the
most respectable part any one could
play. Then he saw tliau others had
emerged and approached. Red Law-
son was among them, his face dis-
torted with agonized emcu<>ns. Cr\ r--
tal, white as the face of death, was at
her brother’s side.

  “He means 110 harm to—us. Pete,”
she cried, with a pause before the pro-
noun. Stocky COUld not tell win
it w'as a confession of guilt or a vol-
untary placing of herself beside her
brother. “It was he warned me so that
I rode after you and Will, and found
you coming back along the Mimosa
road. He means no harm.”

  “How did you get here?” demanded
Pete.

  “I picked out the trail a= far as I
could.” answered Stocky. “This horse
of Law:son's did the rest."

  Pete continued to stare at him, only
half convinced by his words and Crys-
tal's.

  “Take my gun if you don't believe
me,” said Stocky. “I'm bringing no
one here. But that doesn't mean that
TUB <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

no one will lx* brought. An angry and
revengeful woman is the leader of this
1—vengeance.”

  “You mean crazy Babbie? She can't
find this place,” boasted Pete. "She
thinks the cave on the ranch is the
cache for everything. 1 ain't afraid of
her—well, I'm in charge here until the
boss shows up. You seem to be pas>ed
in. You’ll have to take the conse-
quences all around. A shot now—or
you’re one of us when the time comes!

  “I'm damned it I am!" cried Stocky
energetically. "I’iti in with you enough
t>j keep mum. hut that’s the limit. Once
this has”—he looked at Crystal Lawson
and spoke more gently—“once this lias
blown over, our paths lie very far
apart, Pete Teague/'

  “Then what are you doin' here now,
I'd like to know?’’ the big man
growled. Stocky was moved to wonder
a little back about that himself, but
there seemed to be no reasonable an-
swer.

  Adams arrived by some circuitous
route at the camp during the night.
He inquired briefly it Stocky meant to
keep quiet about what he knew and
Stocky, pondering on the problem of
innocent accomplicity, briefly gave liis
word. The camp—composed of a half-
dozen desperadoes, all of whom Stocky
had seen more or less often or more
or less permanently on the ranch—
seemed equipped for long concealments.
In addition to this, there seemed little
tear on the part of the men that they
would be found. Adams said that he
was quite sure his sister-in-law knew
of no hiding-place but the cave on the
ranch, and was of the opinion that
when that proved tenantless, the of-
ficers would attribute the whole affair
to her acknowledged '‘queerness." And
ail the time Red Lawson, with wretched
face, clung to his sister as to a verita-
ble salvation.

   “Bust me. ii. T don’t think the white-
livered baby is afraid." commented
Pete. The same thought had crossed
the mind of Stocky. But he had a
truer inspiration. Not fear, but re-
morse. was the fury tearing at the
heart of the boy. To think that he had

planned to return to the ways of de-
cency and sanity and had found him-
self too enmeshed to fight his way out!
To think that when he had purposed
a clean slate, a fresh page, that then,
of all limes, in the very moment of his
repentance, punishment should tail! To
think that after all his unpaid months
of evil, he might be called upon to pay
at the very threshold of good! So '
Stocky read his miserable, apprehen-
sive eyes, his wretched brow and set j
lips. And so reading, with pity and
sympathy, be felt iliat Crystal under-
stood his comprehension and that she
gave him a full meed of*gratitude.

  The second day Red approached him.
“\\ ill you talk to me a few minutes ?“
he asked. Stocky, who was playing
solitaire like several others of the
crowd, put aside his cards with alacrity.
He and Red withdrew a little, out in
the open.

  “If anything happens to me and
Crystal gets out, will you try to make
it easy some way for her? We've got \
some people back East—she'll need to j
get away from all this; it'll remind her
too much.”

  “Oh, come. I say!” said Stocky try- I
ing lo make his voice ring with reas-
surance. “Nothing’s going to happen.
Except that you've learned your lesson
and will walk straight hereafter.”

  “Oh, 1 have been such a fool,” the
boy cried, suddenly breaking down and
burying bis head in his hands. “I
wasn’t bad to start—only being my
own master went to my head. And at
first it wasn't much of anything—
drinking too much, gambling a little;
then camping up here and feeling a
fine man: then a little cattle-rustling—
even that seemed more like a lark. And
then came that night at Yerkes. God!
That woke me tip. And by that time
my sister was worried to death, and be-
cause I wouldn’t let her know anything,
she set herself to find out. And that
night—Lord, that night, she followed
me! To bave me she followed me!
And that was What she saw." He shud-
dered and Stocky nodded. He had had
some glimmering idea a? to the reason
for the girl's presence there before.
STOCKY •BROWN

55

     " Vnd after that I meant to quit. But
  it was easier getting in than out. They
  wouldn’t let me out. They made me
  go into the Fiero business with them.
  Thank God. there was no killing there!
  And now—because that thundering
  bully, Adams, doesn't know how to
  manage his women folks, I’m likely to
  break her heart and to leave her alone.
  And she'll never know how much I
  loved her all the time, or what a man
  I meant to be to please her at last!”
  Again his boy’s miserable face was
  hidden in his hands. Stocky put out
  his own hand and gripped his arm with
  a clasp of friendship.

     "It anything that you fear comes to
  pass.’' he promised, “I'll be a brother
  to her. And don't you worry about
  her love—don’t you know she'll al-
  ways understand all that you meant
  to be for her? But it’s all coming
  right, Will, it's all coming right.”

    Only when the sun was directly
  overhead was there much daylight in
  the -camp.* On the third day that
  period had passed and the early aft-
  ernoon twilight was deepening into real
  evening. It was very peaceful, in
  spite of the insecure foundations of
  peace. The picketed horses were gra-
  zing, a faint cloud, broken loose from
  the sunset’s glories, floated overhead.
  Gold Tooth Jim, the extempore cook,
  was busy in the recesses of the hol-
  low rocks. Some of the men were
  playing a quiet game of cards, one was
  reading a dog's-eared paper novel.
  Crystal, the awful tension of her face
  softening into something like relief,
  like hope, was seated under the over-
  hang of a little-rock with her brother.
  Adams had just explained to Stocky
  the impregnability of their retreat.
  “Only one man at a time can get in,”
  he said triumphantly, “through that
  opening, even if any one could ever
  find the opening; and we could pick
  off as many as could ride up, at that
  1 rate. Stocky nodded. It seemed to
  him that this was true.

   Suddenly the air above them was
  shattered with the sound of firing.
  Stocky jumped to his feet. The other
  men, more trained to such sounds and

such emergencies, sat as they were,
and only their eyes moved. Every
glance was directed upward to the
sound of the shots. The top of the
cliff opposite the camp seemed black
with men, and every man nad a lev-
eled rifle in his hand.

   “That cliff’s always been inaccessi-
ble,” said Adams with a curse. "How
did they get there unless they’re mon-
keys, not men?”

  “Do you all surrender?” was mega-
phoned down to them.

   “No, curse you !" cried Pete Teague.
“Shut your mouth. Pete,” com-
manded Adams 'briefly. lie reflected
a minute. “We’d beiUr do it, boys,”
he said. “They can pick us off one
by one from there. If we give in, and
they come around to capture us—as
they’ll have to—we can pick them off
one by one. Savvy?”

  “After you've pretended to surren-
der?” demanded Stocky hotly.

   “After that!” replied Adams briefly.
   “I shall warn them."

   “If you do, it'll be the last word you’ll
ever utter. Remember you can't Irv-
ine too far. I've saved you an' you
know why. But you’re only a butter--
in here an' you'll play the game our
way or not at all.”

  Stocky wavered. And in the mom-
entary pause, Adams made a mega-
phone of his hands. “We surrender,”
he bawled.

  “Throw down your arms,” came the
next command. They made a pile of
their revolvers and rifles, all under the
steady threat of converging barrels
from above. Then gradually the gleam
of the rifles was withdrawn. The top
of the cliff seemed empty again.

  “Fools,” snarled Adams, “did they
think we’d leave these lying here while
they went ’round?” He stooped to
pick up his revolver again.

  “Look out!” cried Red Lawson,
screaming high and shrill. He darted
in front of his sister, who stood with
tightly clasped hands at the edge of
the pile of weapons. “Look out!
There'^ some one there.”

  Two bullets whizzed downward
through the peaceful air from the guns
56

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

of the lookouts left on the cliff. And
the flush of light which marked the dis-
charge had nut vibrated to the eyes
of those whom Red's warning alarmed
before they -aw him pitch forward on
his face.

  When the sheriff's posse made it?
way into the enclosure, they found a
t>irl clinging' tenderh to the dead hand
of her brother. And another young
man warned them to be careful how
they dealt with her.

  “The roUenest cheek,” the sheriff
was wont to relate the tale afterward.
“But somehow. I just nodded my head
an' acted like he told me. l’ore girl!
Pore girl!''

XV.

  It was some ten months after these
events that John Randolph Brown
journeyed East again—a very different
man from the impulsive, irresponsible
youth v, ho had come gaily out the year
before, inflamed with the hope of
riches, with the desire for adventure,
with the love of a girl. He had had
the adventure and had seen the reverse
side of that medal so brilliant in the
eyes of inexperience. He had, in all
probability, found the riches, and he
had found them too late for them to
buy hfs heart’s desire. And as for
that, as for the-golden girl, in the grave
affection, the sad sense of loss which
Stocky held for Agatha now, there was
little resemblance to the passion that
had tossed him hither and yon.

  Yet he was only two years older
than when lie had taken his journey
westward. I fe was not preternatural-
ly serious or solemn by nature. There
was something of yearning eagerness
in the thou; lit? he sent forward, even
if those he cast back upon the land he
was leaving were grave enough.

  Looking backward, lie lived again
through the arrest, through the long
ride by Crystal Lawson’s side -to the
county-seat. The thought of the peril
in which she stood had not been able
to touch her. She was in the deepest
abyss which it is given mortals to
know—in the abyss of grief over the
loss of the creature dearer to her than

any other, and of his loss before he

had had a chance to redeem, to prove

him:elf. In the profundity where her
spirit abode during that long ride down
the green mountain, along the dusty

plain, no one could reach her with me*- ■}
.-uige-v from the earth’s .surface. Meas-
uring his own trouble against hers, jj
Stocky had forgotten that he was not
in the most cheerful of situations—had
forgotten that he was under arrest, that
his innocence might be difficult of
proof, that his future was more pre-
carious than it had ever been before.

  He forgot his own perplexities and
tried to reach the sore soul beside hirn
with some message of comfort. And
by and by he had -ucceeded. lie was
a simple-hearted man to whom faith
in the ultimate kindness of the universe
came easily. And gently, hour alter
hour, he besought the stricken girl to
remember that Red’s “conversion” had
been complete: that it had happened
before danger threatened him : that his
purposes had been all good, all glowing
with rightness, before he died. And
by and by she heard him and turned her
eyes of burning sorrow upon him.

  “It was true, was it not?" she asked
in her low. tense voice. “He had .
changed, he had come back to himself.
Oh, if only he could have lived to j
prove it. to undo what he had done! ,
But he meant to—he meant to, didn't
he

  “You know he did," answered Stocky ]
steadily. “You know it and I know
it. He did not have to live to prove
it to us, did he?" It was the little 1
Virginia girl who had caused the staid
merchant Brown to commit “his only
folly” who spoke in her son’s voice, a
Crystal looked at him with deep, search-
ing eyes.

  “You arc sure of it?" she entreated.

  “As sure as that we’re riding down
this road together," replied Stocky
earnestly.

  Well, that memory was behind him
to sober his exuberances now. And
there were other memories—of the lit-
tle court-room, of the judge, of his
own escape from the charge of com-
plicity in the gang's work, of Crystal s
STOCKY <B<ROWN

57

>	discharge from the same suspicions;
j of the holding °f the others; of the
| fierce, avid face of Barbara Merritt,
giving her testimony: of her insane
desire to implicate Edward Winter-
leigh in the doings of the desperadoes;
of her confused statements that it had
a been Winterleigh who, years before,
had shown iier the mountain hiding-
| place, and the one precarious way to
the top of the cliff commanding it.
Curiously enough, although this was
the only part of her testimony which
the court evidently held to be inspired

i	by insanity, it impressed Stocky. When

ii	she found that it was set at r&ught, she
  grew excited, and wound herself in the
  mazes of angry Statements which only
  served to prejudice still further the

I opinion against her mental responsi-
bility. But to Stocky her words held
. an odd, inexplicable force.

Well, all that had passed also, and
by and by, through some marvelous
legal technicality, some marvelous skill
i on the part of the attorneys for the de-
fense—they had come from San Fran-
: ci>co, and fabulous stories about their
t fees were told—the gallows and the
u prison were cheated. Stocky remem--

■	bered the wild cry of Barbara Merritt
as the verdict in favor of her brother-
j in-law was rendered. lie remembered
f Adams’ eyes bent upon the woman,
u and he trembled for her. Afterward
r he saw the man with his wife and had
u another illustration of the strange ways
i of the human heart. Mrs. Adams had
f been excused from testifying on the

-	ground that a wife need not appear
J against her husband. She had been at

*	each session of the court, dry-eyed,
i dry-lipped, inscrutable in her locked and
: repressed way. When Adams joined
fher after his release in the corridor of
..'the jail. Stocky was near-by. The big
r man faltered before the little woman.

I H do what you’ve wanted me to,

3 Mary, he said. ‘‘1*11 pull up slakes an’

B go to the coast.”

j “And Barbara?” whispered the lit-
I tie woman. Adams’ face darkened.

  Then he watched his wife and the
i frown lifted.

, "For your sake I will forget what

Barbara Merritt did,” he answered.
“You have things to forget—1 will for-
get that. She can come with us if you
say so.”

   “Seth,” said the little woman with a
choking gratitude, “you never was a lit-
tle man, you never was a mean, little
man!”

  And then there had been the gradual
scattering of the gang, and Stocky
was camped upon his claim in the Sil-
verton hills. Crystal had gone there,
too, when she had escaped the jurisdic-
tion of the court.

   “I always feel better there,” she had
told Stocky with a patient fortitude.
“Seems nearer the sky—no great reach
to heaven. And—we were so happy
there, he and I, that last time, until—
you remember the wildcat that came
and called for him to leave me and
leave all the good he was planning and
go back to horrible things ?”

  “I am going to forget that,” Stocky
had answered. “I'm going to remem-
ber the boy who wanted his banjo to
play for you—the boy who built you
the porch at Silverton. Ah, forget all
the rest, Crystal. Dear, dear Crystal,
forget all the rest.”

  Up on the hill he had gradually won
from her some information about the
relatives back East, with the result
that he eventually found himself in
formal communication with two maiden
ladies of Cambridge, Massachusetts,
concerning their step-niece. And later
one golden evening saw him at Mi-
mosa, watching a train pull out,
through a window of which Crystal
Lawson’s apprehensive eyes stared
back at him in mute farewell. The
whole plain seemed desolate when she
had gone, but he knew that he had done
wisely to persuade her to go. The
change which was so dreadful to her
was what she needed to arouse her
mind from brooding on the past. She
was young, she was healthy, she was
no longer despairing—she must re-
spond to stimulus of novelty. The
winter in Cambridge—he laughed, con-
trasting it with a winter in Silvers ,.
He was lonely, but he was glad he h 1
persuaded her to go.
58

THE <POV\JLA<R MAGAZINE

  Then he had gone back to his own
camp and to work. And the miracle
had happened, lie had found copper.
He had hurried to the experts in Mi-
mosa and I hence lo the experts in
Dcining. lie was excited, naturally.
Riches seemed near, and though riches
could not buy him another man’s af-
fianced bride, still they were exciting to
contemplate. Exciting it was, too, to
think that the whole region was veined
with the precious metal, and that Crys-
tal, who lamented in her letters the
narrow circumstances of the two dear
little ladies who had taken her to their
hearts, might be able to give them the
innocent joys they craved.

   It was as the result of the opinions
and the advice of the Western mine
experts that he was going East now.
fie laughed boyishly to contrast his con-
dition with his condition when he had
gone West. Then he was leaving in
deep disgrace, with barely enough
money to take him to his destination,
which, however it was put. was no other
place than Coventry. Now he was
coming back with money in his pockets
to undertake the formation of a com-
pany to work the Agatha and Crystal
mines. He had named his after his old
love—he could not help it; and Mr.
Lawson's mine had always been the
Crystal. Stocky liked to link the names
of the two girls thus—the name of the
women lie loved and could not hope to
marry, and the name of the dear friend
and comrade whom he never dreamed
of wanting fo marry.

   His letters East had won quick re-
plies. Uncle Ephraim was prepared to
welcome him warmly. Mrs. Ramsay
was sure that he had “outgrown the
follies his friends had been obliged,
for his own sake, to frown upon.” Mr.
Ramsay would be very happy to see
him in his office at such and such a
time. Winterleigh, in a brief note, was
offhandedly affable and congratula-
tory. Fite men of the Eighty-seventh
were for dining and wining and gen-
erally feting their old hero. Duncan
wanted to propose him for non-resi-
dent membership in a few of the best
clubs—“if you're really going back,

old fellow, instead of working your

mines from an office on the thirty- !

fourth floor of a New York building,
as most of you big miners do.” he had

written. Only Agatha, of all his little
circle, had made no sign that she had |
heard of his home-coming. Stocky was I
half hurt and half commended her in
his mind for a delicate prudence. How !
could she, after that last letter to him, 1
write to him of little commonplaces, i]
make him pretty speeches on his roseate •
prospect of fortune?

  In spite of everything—of instinct-
ive, unquestioning decency which made I
him put W>pe of Agatha utterly away I
from him; of maturity of mind which i
made him no longer the plaything of
his emotions; of cares and preoccupa-
tions and memories; in spite of all, it
was with something of a tumult that he
thought of meeting her again. Was t
not Mr. Ramsay only too politely amen-
able to the suggestion concerning the I
mining company? Was not Mrs. Ram- j
say quite as sure that he would be a
lion like adorn men t* to her drawing-
room, as before his wretched fiasco at j
Jarmead’s? Surely he would have to ,
see Agatha. He began to wonder :
when and how. When the train drew
in under the Grand Central roof, he
was in a confusion of hope, fear, and /
longing, and of misery because his j
hopes and fears alike were nothing to i
her, must forever be nothing to her.

  The February dusk was falling over
the sparkle of the Avenue as he drove j
down toward the hotel. Whatever the |
chance of forming a big Eastern com-
pany to mine the Agatha and the Crys-
tal, the Westerners had believed in
those properties enough to equip Stocky
handsomely with funds for his em-
bassy. Consequently, he was driving in
a hansom, his eager face scanning the
crush of roadway and sidewalk with
the home-comer‘s look of exultation and
fondness. Consequently, he was going
to put up at a glittering hostelry. Con-
sequently, if he- had any moderately
extravagant desires, he might blame-
lessly gratify them. The radiant tropics
of a florist’s window caught his eye.
lie poked open the trap of communi-
STOCKY <B<ROWN

cation with his driver. “Stop here,”
he cried, in the old, impetuous Stocky
fashion. In a minute he stood inside
the flower-shop doors.

    "Those are queer fellows," he said,
  nodding toward some orchids in the big
  window. The salesman, with a modest
  air of regretting that he so far sur-
  passed all competitors, opined that
  Stocky would find nothing so remark-
  able, so “distangay,” in the citv. He
  shifted a jar of them so that the light
  fell upon them more directly. Every
  fragile blossom of pink and lavender,
  as ethereal as evening skies in spring,
  as fountains leaping in the sunny air,
  was stained with a deep blotch of
  crimson.

    "I don’t like them,'' said Stocky de-
  cidedly. Yet he kept on looking at
  them. He made a round of the store,
  peering into white-tiled storage-boxes
  and through glass cases. But by and
  by he came back to the wonderful flow-
  ers, their delicacy—spoiled was it, or
  only accentuated, by the red stain ?

“Send a box of those/’ he said, and'
Z gave a name and address on North
Washington Square. “No—no card.”
T Then he stood looking around him.
" “Could you send some stuff over to
) Cambridge in any sort of condition ?’’
he asked. Upon the clerk’s assurance
that the flowers of that shop were of a
i freshness and a durability which could
withstand a journey ten times as long,
he sought to choose again. Roses ?
1 No. Roses were for any one—the kind
i lady who dined you last night, the
i aspiring young actress to whom you

•	were introduced at somebody’s tea,
I your mother's old friend, the wife of
i the man you wished to interest in this
1 or that. No. roses were not for Crys-
t tal. He wandered about quite ttnhap-
! pily. No flower seemed quite right for
f her. This was a poor shop, apparent-
[ lv. Out on the desert or up on the
1 hills he could have found a dozen
i blooms appropriate enough. And final-
ly, to the immense disgust of the flor-
ist, it was a box of shining laurel-
leaves, among which lay starry' jasmine-
blooms, that went off to Cambridge.
And then the lilies-of-the-valley were

ordered for the grave of her who had
been the little Virginia bride of so
many years ago, and Stocky went so-
berly back to his hansom.

   In spite of the cordiality of the let-
ters he had received, there was no one
to share his first evening with him. He
felt rather lonely, even a little hurt.
He had to remind himself that he had
not announced the time of his arrival.
He dressed himself as magnificently a=
his sartorial equipment permitted, and
went splendidly down in the elevator
to dine in state, even if it was a soli-
tary and therefore unappetizing state.
He wondered uncomfortably, feeling
many eyes upon him as he threaded his
way through the dining-room, it his
evening clothes were already so bi-
zarre as to attract attention, or his
waistcoat, so lamentably out of date.
Those clothes were only a paltry two
years’ old, he mentally explained to the
crowd; they had been ordered to do
grace to the scenes in which Agatha
Ramsay had been wont to shine. It
never occurred to him that anything
except his clothe? could seem remark-
able. that his six feet plus of lean, mus-
cular length was unusual, that his face
was bronzed almost to Indian dark-
ness, and that the fair brown of his
hair and the clear. American blue of his
eyes contrasted with it in a fashion to
win ladies’ passing glances.

  After all, in spite of how in camp
with one kettle, a frying-pan, a tin of
coffee, a side of bacon, and a bag of
corn-meal as his entire culinary outfit,
he had planned the herculean feasts he
would have on his return to civiliza-
tion, he found small appetite for the
meal he could order now. He had not
the makings of a gourmet in him: after
all. it had not been mere food which he
had wanted out there irt**the hills; nor
even food served in such surroundings
as these—a discreetly distant band dis-
coursing popular music and Wagner,
with charming impartiality, overgrown
carnations blooming amid the shaded
lamps, noiseless, deferential servitors,
and all the rest. It was these things
added to the one thing that gave them
all color and meaning and charm—in-
60

THE VOVUL/VR MAGAZINE

timate companionship. He wondered

how Crystal would took upon such a
scene as this, and began to sketch a
scheme by which he coil Id induce her
and the two little old ladies to come
over fur a week of cheerfully, vulgarly
ornate living- in New York.

  Suddenh his planning was arrested.
A party swept in to a reserved table
two or three removed from his. The
women ‘ had dropped their wraps in
some cloak-room outside the dining-
room, and all their delicate lines were
revealed by their frock-. They were
hatless, also, ami their shining, beauti-
fully coilTed heads were held with the
grace and pride of well-trained New
York women. But Stocky stared past
the re t of them toward one. It was
Agatha, Agatha very slim, very sinu-
ous. in a long, faintly shimmering' black
frock; Agatha, with golden hair piled
royally on her royally held head;
Agatha, the incarnation of young grace
and wealth and pride and—and surely
—pleasure. Yet as Stocky stared at
her. his heart fell not alone with the
thought of her inaccessibility, but with
a vague realization of subtle change in
her.	’*

  There was the slightest hardening
of her soft outlines, as it were, as
though the velvet were brushed from
a butterfly’s wings; there was the
slightest intensifying of all her physical
qualities—as though Time had applied
a little make-up to her. And in the
brilliancy of her look, the assurance
of her smile and glance and bearing.
Stocky saw no deepening of her joy-
ousness. When she sat down, she was
almost back to him. He saw a flower
drooping at her ear; it was one of his
orchids. All sorts of emotions began
to riot in him, all sorts of absurd hopes
and fancies. interleigh was not of
this party; Agatha wore his flower—
Stocky *s. Agatha had written him
nothing lately. Could it all mean that
the engagement was broken ? And that
she hesitated to risk the meaning such
a statement would have for Stocky?
Could that look—a remote suggestion
of the defiant, of the wilful—could that
mean that she had broken with Winter-

leigh and dared her world to criticize
her? The blood raced through his

veins at the thought.

  By and by the man opposite her at

the table leaned toward her and said i
something. When she, in answer to
this, turned her head so as to command
a view of Stocky, that young man was .
conscious that he had been staring uiu I
forgivably—devouring her with his I
eyes. When she saw and recognized
him—he half ro.se as she turned, and
wholly did so when the flash of greet-
ing lighted her eyes—he grew almost
dizzy and light-headed. He crossed to <
her table in response to the dazzle of
her look. In a minute he was clasping
her hand, hearing her delighted outcry, 3
bowing to the others.

  “The prodigal returned—and leading i
his own fatted calves behind him—
droves of them, swarms of them, herds \
of them—what is the collective for
calves?'* she cried. “Inviting the Stern
Parent and the Elder Brother—that’s ;
Uncle Ephraim and all of us—to come >
feast. Indeed, Mrs. Jestley, that is ex-
actly what he is. Don't you remember? j
Doesn't every one remember my excel- j
lent Edward’s raid, and the famous hero i
whom lie caught at Jarmead’s—Mr.
John Randolph Brown of Manzanita?
Indeed, 1 shan’t stop! And how Mr. j
John Randolph Brown’s family and ac-
quaintance frowned upon the Jarmead I
episode! And sent him into the wilder-
ness to reflect upon the error of his
ways. And now he comes back with
all the-“

  “Please, please,” laughed Stocky.
“Do, Mrs. Jestley. in mercy to a bash-
ful cowboy, stop her.”

  “Bashful cowboys! There are no
bashful cowboys," rattled Agatha, with-
out giving Mrs. Jestley a chance to re-
spond to the appeal. “All cowboys
shoot up all places where food and
drink are sold—Mr. Brown will pro-
duce a six-shooter in a second, and be-
gin firing at all the art-glass electro-
liers around the wall- And they all

have beautiful half-breed girls in every
town who play the Spanish guitar for
them—haven't they?’ she ended sud-
denly, with a direct look at Stocky.
STOCKY <B<ROWN

61

   "Don’t let the cold water of fact
quench your charming fancies. Miss
Ramsay,” drawled one of the men. “Mr.
—er—Mr. Brown woidd not be so un-
gallant as to lop off a single dark dam-
sel of your imagination, I’m sure."

   "Certainly not." said Stocky, hurt he
 knew not why by all her banter.
 "They’re all Miss Ramsay’s own crea-
 tion. and no one but herself shall put
 them to death."

   "Mr. Brown," said Mrs. Jestley now.
“there’s a marvelous dancer who comes
on late in a very stupid show at the
Alcazar. We’re bound for her after
dinner. Won’t you join us? There's
an extra seat in the box. Miss Ram-
say’s young man failed us at the last
minute-"

   “Poor Edward!" supplemented Miss
Ramsay. "He had to chase up to Mat-
teawan to do something about a most
uninteresting lunatic."

   “So won’t you take his place?" fin-
ished Mrs. Jestley.

   Agatha looked at him. lie could not
tell whether it was an imp of mischief
or some little spirit of pensiveness
which lurked in her eyes as she re-

 >	jpeated softly: "Yes—won’t )Tou take his
 place ?"

   “Thank you." he answered a trifle
awkwardly, "I shall be very glad to

cc*me. Now- I see my man has

brought my coffee. I will join you
again.”

   I le went back to his own table, his
head in a whirl. He could no more

•	see Agatha Ramsay unmoved, he told
■himself, than he could drink strong
; spirits and feel no fever in his blood.
/'And the look in her eyes baffled him.
'Why hadn't they married, anyway, she

■	and Winterleigh ? Surely once the
words had been read over her that
abound her to another irrevocably, she
could not stir him thus. Surely then
ibis heart must acknowledge the invisi-
ble barrier.

   Me went to bed that night, excited,
imiserable. He had not known that it
'Was in him to desire another person’s
^property. And it was in some such
t unenlightened way that Stocky re-
garded another man's affianced wife.

The jargon of “freedom” in the emo-
tions had passed him by, and among all
his adventures he had not counted ac-
quaintance with the “live-your-own-life"
men and women. So it came to pass
that it disturbed him with a sense of
disloyalty to find himself -so inflamed
by the presence of Wimerleigh's be-
trothed. It was an insult, too. to her,
he thought. What sort of affection was
it, he demanded hotly, which he pre-
tended to feel ? Would not any decent
woman feel aghast to learn that she.
promised to one man. was the object of
another man’s passionate desires r

  He opened his windows wide, but the
noise of the city, the air of the city, did
not bring calmness. He longed for
the great spaces of the hills, their clean
winds. Then he thought of the other
troubled soul who always took her
troubles to that place of healing. And
thinking of Crystal, Stocky became
himself again.

X\~L

  “When, my dear Miss Maenad, do you
mean to marry me?" So spoke Mr.
Winterleigh to his affianced. At tlie
moment she deserved, in outward seem-
ing at least, the term he had applied
to her. Her eyes were glittering, her
cheeks inflamed, the laughter of her
red lips was high and uncertain. Her
fiance looked at her with a cool appre-
ciation. Between them was a table lit-
tered with the remains of luncheon. It
was the only table in the small, discreet
apartment.

  Agatha threw back her head and re-
garded him through lowered Tills.

  “Do you know, my dear friend." she
said, ignoring his question, "you’re
quite the cleverest man I know?"

  He ho wed in mock gratitude.

  “It is not cleverness to appreciate
you, to want 10 marry you. It would
be imbecility not to," he assured her.

 “Oh, nonsense!" Agatha knocked
ashes from the tip of her cigarette.
“I’m not out for compliments to-day.
I mean that I don’t believe any other
man on earth would have been clever
enough to give a perfectly respectable.
62

THE VO-PUUi^R MAGAZINE

jjerfectly accredited, engagement the
spice of the forbidden by—this '—She
nodded meditatively about the room.
Winterleigh reached a bottle from the
cooler and filled her glass again with
golden bubbles.

  “That was not cleverness, my dear,”
he assured her. "And it was not the
desire to please your palate by a taste
of forbidden spice that I introduced
you to Legari’s private rooms. How
else was I ever to achieve speech with
you alone? Your dear mother. Agatha,
is a charming woman whom I greatly
admire-"

  "Admire? You fairly tlirt with her.”

  “Whom I greatly admire,” pursued
Winterleigh suavely, "but she is too
omnipresent tor mv feelings as a lover.
At your Ik-me and in society in general
you are too hedged about with thorns,
my rwe. So L inveigle you to Legari’s
where I can at least"—he arose and
ear.ie over to her chair—“where 1 can
at ieast kiss you unobserved.” He did
so.

  “Well, whatever your intentions.” re-
plied Agatha, accepting the salute indif-
ferently. “there is a spice of naughti-
ness about it all that satisfies something
wicked in me. Do you ever pause to
consider. Edward, that I am a perverse
and sinful young woman? I love what
is not seemly, as. for example, cham-
pagne and cigarettes and back stairways
to private rooms, and—and—unregis-
tered kisses. Aren’t you afraid of me?”'

  “If you were a domestic pussy-cat..”
answered Winterleigh quietly, “you
could never have appealed to a man of
my disposition. I’m a great criminal
lawyer—I suppose I may say that here
with no one but you to accuse me of
vanity—not because I hate crime, but
because I love crime; f feel it and its
workings. I can follow the steps that
lead to it in .men who are reckless
enough to indulge their taste for it. If
you re born with criminal desires, my
dear—and a brain—perhaps I should
emphasize that—and a brain—it is
much better and more profitable to be-
come a great criminal lawyer than to
become a great criminal. You have
more fun. a longer run for your money.

  “You can follow your man’s career
from the first dawning of his tempta-
tion : maybe it happened when he was
a boy playing ball in thetstreels of a
village, maybe it never ntailed him
until be was a man, established, as he
thought, in uprightness. Well, you can
■ee the dawn of the idea—you can trace
its devious courses through him—
through the grooves worn by conven-
tion. by affection, by all sorts of train-
ing. You can follow it to its end; and
then you can be his defender or his
prosecutor, just as seems better—just as
seems more likely to provide more
stars of glory or of diamonds for the
head of your captive. Agatha, who was
also born with a little devil in her,
though he has been prudently concealed
by the habits and customs of Washing-
ton Square, North.” He bent over her
again, and this time the girl shrank a
little.

  “If you are not afraid, afraid that I
shall break over the traces,” she said,
“sometimes I am afraid of you. You

—you—it’s the admixture of brains that
makes you terrifying to the imagina-
tion.”

  “Ah, and it’s just that half-terror
which I count upon to help keep you
in order,” he told her, laughing. “A
little fear is a fine, wholesome ingre-
dient in a wife’s love. But I‘m talk-
ing nonsense. When will you marry
me? That money from your grand-
mother which you so carefully and
providently thought it best to wait for
—haven’t you reached the age when her
will said it was to be settled absolutely
on you ? Not that I care anything about
that except that you deferred the cere-
mony until you should have that in
hand. Why, by the way ?"

 "Oh. I don’t knov. “ answered
Agatha. “A caprice, I suppose. And
of course it wasn't certain what papa
would settle on me.”

  “Sometimes I’ve thought it was a de-
sire to defer—the happy hour?” He
watched her as he made the suggestion.
She started, and across her flushed face
a deeper rose ran.

  "How silly!” she commented.

  “Yes, 1 see now that it was.” He
STOCKY ‘■BV.OWN

63

 smiled strangely upon her. ‘T see now
 that it must have been. Sometimes I
 have beeti half-inclined to be jealous
 and to think that after all you weren't
 sure—that you were sparring for time
 —that you had some regrets for Mrs.

 Jest ley’s wonderful son, Gustave-”

   “That imbecile!”

   "Or old Fletcher, or young Brown,
 or one of the rest of your adorers.”
 Flis eyes never left her face as he light-
 ly recited the list. At Stocky’s name
 there was a lot>k of arrest, as it were,
 in her eyes.

    “But I’ve gotten all over that since
 we've taken to coming here.” resumed
 Winterleigh easily. “Of course no
 young lady as sophisticated as Miss
 Agatha Ramsay comes to a place like
 —well, comes to Legari’s with a man,
 even a fiance, unless—unless she likes
 him very well.”

   Agatha’s proud head was erect.
 “After all, you are not so clever as I
 thought.” she said cuttingly. ‘T thought
 yon were too clever to tell me that I
 had compromised myself. I thought
 vou too clever to think that I would
 care—that”—She threw her cigarette
 away.

"My dear Agatha, you misunderstand
me wilfully.” said Winterleigh. “Of
. course I know that you would be no-
1 bly”—there was a satiric smile on his
lips—“indifferent to censure. I was
only thinking of young—Jestley, for
g example.”

    Then the color dyed her face deeply.

*	She knew him and the workings of his
nmind well enough to realize that it was
-Stocky whom he meant, Stocky of
vwhom he had had jealous doubts,
J Stocky with whose disapprobation he
1 now threatened her. And she knew

■	too that, for all her boast, all her in-
idomitable pride of mien, she had a
'i fierce desire that Stocky should, at
f least, never think lightly of-her: if she
j could not make him love her—and since
1 his return to the East she knew why she
’ had deliberately tried to lure him to
i some expression of tenderness—at least.
! let him never think of her otherwise
l than as he did now, with his unworldly,

>	old-fashioned restraint and respect.

  Winterleigh watched the color flare
and then ebb. He followed the cours-
ing emotions of her mind. Then,
when she looked pale and almost beat-
en. he leaned over to her and took ln>r
unresisting hand gently.

  “My dear Agatha,” he said gravely.
“I have talked in a way unworthy of
my devotion to you. Forgive me.
Sometimes jealousy is a very goading
thing and drives men to madness. I
am jealous in a way—as why should I
not be? After all. I am a nobody from
God-knows- where—an astute lawyer
who’s able to make a decent income—
no more; and even that is due to lucky
investments—a tip here and there. My
ancestry—how your good mother would
scorn it! And here I have aspired to
the beauty and the belle, the wit and the
toast of her time. Do you wonder I
am sometimes worried—frightened at
my good fortune? Suppose it should
all turn to fairy gold in my hands?
Dear, forgive me.”

  “I suppose I shall have to,” said
Agatha, coquettishly looking at him.
She liked her sense of being a lion-
tamer. Alas! She liked the sense of so
many things! She demanded so many
emotions, so many excitements ! Never
for one whole day had she ardently de-
sired and worked for one single end.
Never had she known a clear, uncom-
plicated hour. All her emotional life
had been a succession of little gusts.
Now. five minutes after she had hated
W interleigh for basely, vilely, 'daring
to show her that he had her reputation
in his power; five minutes after she had
desired Stocky‘s boyish chivalry of
adoration, she was pleased with the
vision of herself as beauty leading the
beast by gav, silken threads. She ptilled
on her long gloves with a half-trium-
phant air as she looked across the table
to her vis-a-vis.

XVII.

  It was in April that Stocky became
greatly puzzled by the inexplicable be-
havior of his friend Crystal. She had
acknow ledged the receipt of his ^floral
tributes, two months before, with the
64

THE VO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

completed cordiality. Her first letters
were full of anticipations of what they
should do when he came over to Cam-
bridge to see her. How he would love
the little old ladies! How he would
revel in the gracefulness ot the elms,
even though they were still bare! How
he would weave romances for the staid
old houses that stood behind them!
IIow he would read history anew, here
where so much of history began! Thus
wrote Crystal, forgetting that the Hast
was not to Stocky the unknown land it
had been to her. The man laughed as
he read her letters—it pleased him to
see how completely at one with her she
felt him to be; that was the very es-
sence of friendship, he told himself. She
even took for granted the unity of
their previous experiences. It was a
very different attitude from Agatha's
baffling, hew ildering, maddening, sad-
dening one.

  Then suddenly Crystal had developed
a few inexplicabilities of her own. It
A\a- apropos of the visit to New York.
The little ladies, when tentatively ap-
pr ached on the subject, had been re-
ported as eager for the adventure.
Stock)' had rejoiced, thinking that if
vheir objections to New York were over-
come it would all be easy sailing. So
he had written joyfully to Crystal, tell-
ing her of what he was planning, of
the friends who would help him make
this visit a memorable one for the
two spinsters, of tlie dazzling Miss
Ramsay who would undoubtedly appear
to them as a personification of old ro-
mance. so brilliant, so beautiful, was
she; and yet so kind—she would be
sure to delight in showing the kind and
tender side of herself to the old ladies.

  Whereupon Crystal wrote him a brief
little note stating that, after all, she
found it to be quite impossible for her
to come to New York at present. She
was doing a little special work at Rad-
cliffc—at which information the un-
academic Stocky felt himself an il-
literate boor, and half regretted that
unfinished collegiate course of his. She
really couldn't come. Stocky wrote in
protest. She replied more tersely yet,
and with more final emphasis. Only in

her last paragraph a hint of feeling, of

friendliness, showed itself:

  Please believe that I am not ungrateful for

all that you would have us share with you.
indeed, indeed 1 am. But what 1 am doing

here carries on the work my father tried
to begin with me and my dear brother. All
the gaiety and excitement you plan do not
belong to the scheme. It would do me noih*
mg but harm, 1 think, to change the peaceful
current of our existence here. My time is
short, anyway. 1 am going back a’» .soon uj
the winter term is over. 1 long for my home.
As fur you. 1 remember now what 1 have
sometimes forgotten, that • this—or lhat in

New York—is your true environment. I am
of course, so sorry not to meet the lovdy
Miss Ramsay. Slip must be all that is
charming—quite like the belles of Bath and

such places when there used to be belles
indeed. However, it i» ouly a pleasure de-
ferred, I hope. Some time she will doubt-
less come West to see her namesake, the
Agatha mine.

  And Stocky pondered, pained and
even belligerent. First he telegraphed
that the whole thing was nonsense, any-
way—by which he meant her elaborate
objections—and that he was coming
over to tell her so. He was coming
the very next day. Then, there was a
meeting called of tlie financiers whom
he was trying to induce to finance the
mines, and he had to telegraph the visit
off. Whereupon came a long, wrathful
reply from Crystal, forbidding him to
come at all to Cambridge to see her.
Figuratively, Stocky tore his hair in
amazement. Literally, he seemed stolid
enough.

  The telegram had been handed to
him in the down-town office he had
taken: lie had become such a busy man
of affairs in these few weeks that tele-
grams delivered at his hotel were al-
ways sent to his office and vice versa.
So that Crystals bomb was fired into a
meeting of grave gentlemen concerning
themselves with the apportionment of
stock. Stocky read it with unmoved
countenance. His brown face had ac-
quired, in the course of his relations
with capitalists and promoters, some-
thing of Uncle Ephraim's power of
concealment. So that no one knew that
he was nonplused and outraged by the
communication he had received.

  Mr. Gordon Ramsay and he left the
STOCKY <B<ROWN

65

 meeting together, as they were apt to
 do in these days. They stepped into
 Jjtocky’s automobile—he had set up
 tnk4 means of locomotion_jts soon as lie
 had perceived that the company was to
 be a “go,” in spite of the annoyance of
 red tape and green hills that must be
 endured before its final incorporation,
 lie had always liked machinery, and he
 had recently learned to like open spaces.
 His new toy on the boulevards of
 Westchester County was not equal to
 Lady Gay streaming across the plain,
 but it was better than anything else
 available in the big city.

   “I’ll drop you at home." said Stocky,
 who was running his own car.

   “Drop out with me. Dora has some
 people in to-day to meet Lady Gwendo-
 len Mertha—the titled chicken-raiser,
 you know—or is it pigs?”

  Stocky laughed. “I thought that
 was to-morrow,” he said. “Mrs. Ram-
 say asked- me to come meet her to-

 •	morrow.”

   “I think it's to-day,” was the hus-

 •	band's response. “Though, to tell the
 r truth, I can’t keep track of Dora's pet
 : ittractions. She’s indefatigable, my

 .vifef”

   “I'll stop and confound her by my

 -	presence if she has made a mistake.”

   But it turned out that it was Mr.
 Ramsay who had made the mistake.
 The big drawing-rooms were deserted,
 j Stocky's heart sank.

  “Vou win,” remarked the host.
/'Wait a minute and I’ll see if I can't

 •	care up some one to give us a cup of
 ea properly. Bootson, is Mrs. Ram-

 rav at home?”

   “No, sir,” said Boot son. “But Miss
 Ramsay is in her boudoir, sir."

   “Ask her if she will give Mr. Brown
 ■iAd me a cup of tea. I find tea is a
 aabit that grows on one. Brown. I
 -tsed to laugh at the women, but upon
 my word, it does give you a harmless
 lift at the fag-end of the day. braces
 vou to last until dinner. And it hasn’t
 he after-effect of the cocktail which
 '.ome men take/’	,

 I “Never cared for cocktails myself,”
 raid Stocky, his eyes upon the door.

 1 Like my spirits plain better.”

     5

  “Miss Ramsay will be down imme-
diately, sir,” announced Boot-on.

  She came, clad in an intimate, mar-
velous, clinging thing of pale gold-cul-
ored crepe. Her father regarded it a
little questioningly.

  “It’s a perfectly proper tea-gown,
papa,” she declared, “not a negligee at
all, as your looks imply. Although, of
course, I realizes that Grandma Ram-
say never, never wore such a r- “ment
in her life -aid that therefore it u/.isi
seem altogc ler impossible to y

  The telephone jangled. Mr. Ramsay
was summoned, talked, caine back,
swallowed some tea wifcb a frown, and
declared that he had to go out at once.
Stocky felt that he ought to go also,
but the golden vision lured him to stay.
Besides, her tired eyes pleaded word-
lessly with him to remain. They seemed
to reproach him with having avoided
her all these weeks. He stayed.

  When they were alone, he was move 1
to tell Agatha of Crystal’s amazing at-
titude—he felt that there was safety
in talking of Crystal, in bringing her
into the group as it were-. Agatha lis-
tened keenh'.

  “So!” she said, when he had finished.
“So you've been at your old tricks. Mr.
Brown. When will you learn to stop
flirting? It’s no lit pastime for a man
of affairs.” Her face, for all the mock-
ing smile on the lips, was sad ami
worn.

  “Oh, you don't understand,” cried
Stocky impatiently. ' “This girl—flirt-
ing ! Vou might as well accuse me of
flirting with a straight young birch-tree.
or a mountain brook. She's unspoiled
nature-”

  “Ah!” breathed Agatha sharply. He
stared, but she said no more, only
watched him out of burning eyes.

  “But this foolish East of yours seems
to have complicated even her! Look
at the nonsensical stuff she writes me.”
He dived into his pocket and drew out
a bundle of letters. Crystal’s last ef-
fusion among them. Agatha silently
read the pages he handed to her. When
she came to the references to herself,
her look brightened.

  “My silly young friend,” she began,
66

THE WPULA<R MAGAZINE

returning the sheets to him, “you liave
evidently been praising me."

  “Not at all. I merely stated a few
truths about you.''

  “Ah. you don't know any truths about
me! But no matter. At any rate, your
wild brook of the mountains—your
belle soura^c—is angry. She’s jealous,
dear simpleton ' Now, don t get cross
and look a- though you were thinking
what a horrid, waspish mind I have. I
haven’t. But I am a woman—and I
know what it is to be jealous. T lie girl
is jealous of your praise of me. '1 hat s
all. Go over to Cambridge, invade the
bower of the two old ladies, seize your
nymph in barbarian style by the >houl-
ders, and say to her: The Agatha of
whom you were so foolishly jealous is
k-^s than nothing to me, except as .she
mav help you to a holiday; she is prom-
ised to another man. she is not the sort

of woman I admire, and-

  “\gatha!” cried Stocky. He leaned
toward her. She was always intoxi-
cating to his senses, and now the tor-
mented mockery of her voice pierced
I - heart as well.

  "Go tell her that," cried Agatha,
"and -ec how the sunshine will play
upon the mountain brook’s face!”

  “I can tell her no lies,” whispered
Stocky. “She makes me speak the truth
—she is so simple and honest. And so
if I said anything it must be”—he
leaned closer to her. drawn by the
magic of her beauty, by the command

of l*.er glances—“it must be-"

  “Agatha, what do you think?” broke
in the high voice of Mrs. Ramsay,
drawing open the hall portieres, “Oh,
how do you do. Mr. Brown? Agatha,
have you any tea left? I started to tell
you that that queer electric genius with
the fuzzy hair has a wife, so of course
we can’t ask him. Why, Mr. Brown,
you’re not going?”

  Stocky was conscious of the inco-
herence of what he mumbled in reply.
But he had to get out of the room, out
of the surcharged air. He sprang into
his machine and tore up the Avenue at
a law-breaking speed, out through the
Park, up the broad Seventh Avenue
roadway, out and out into the country.

now growing sweet and luminotuly
green with spring. Ilis brain was in a
turmoil. He had not imagined it was
in him so nearly to be false to what he
regarded as .simple honor. Yet how sad
her eyes were. She was not happy in
that engagement. Who was Winter*
k igh that he should win this peerless
creature? Why should not Stocky tell
the ugly story of that half-crazed girl
on the ranch, and save Agatha from the
union which he was beginning to be-
lieve she bated? But was the story I
true or a delusion of a disordered
mind?

   On and on and on, through the quiet
evening, until air and motion and the
comparative stillness of the country- ]
side calmed his nerves and restored
him to himself. lie turned to the right j
from among the low Pocantico hills and j
swerved down toward the shore of the j
Sound. There would be a moon to- j
night; he would eat his dinner at one !
of the Sound restaurants, and go lei-
surely home. And he would go over I
to Cambridge tc-morrowr and see the j
hitherto sane and sincere Crystal. That 1
was all nonsense, of course, about her
being jealous ; only Agatha's own un- j
certain, wavering emotions, only per-
haps, a lurking remnant of tenderness j
for him. made her interpret the other
girl's vagaries so falsely. Anyway, he ;
would go and see Crystal and be
strengthened by her. He thought with
deep yearning and affection of her, of
her loneliness, of the sorrow' that had .
embittered her life without, somehow, j
embittering her nature. Yes, he would j
go and see Crystal. And as soon as
might be, he would leave this great city
of noise and crowds, of feverish ambi- j
lions and emotions, and would get back
to the wide spaces and the free air of
the hills.	^	j

  Soothed by these determinations, he
ate his dinner in a road-house on the
shore. Then having smoked a leisure-j
Iv cigar or two, watching his few fel- i
low diners with the interest that he was.
'till young enough to feel, he went out •
to the hotel garage. And at that min-
ute a runabout puffed into the yard
towing another machine in the tonneau
STOCKY <B<ROWN

67

 of which sat two oversprightly young
 women. One of the men in the run-
 about jumped out, and Stocky recog-
 nized a friend of Duncan's and a casual
 -acquaintance of his own, a man named

 *	Howitzer.

   “Thank the kind Lord you're here,
 Brown/’ called out Howitzer, address-
 ing him. “We came to utter and com-
 plete grief and smash about five miles
 out, and this gentleman"—indicating
 the other man in the runabout—"hap-
 pened along and was good enough to
 drag us this far. But he was bound in
 the opposite direction, and he can act

 *	as pilot no longer. After we've had a
 snack here—are you alone?” he sud-
 denly broke off.

    “Yes, quite.”

    ‘‘Well, then, after we've had a snack
 here, perhaps you wouldn’t mind taking
 us back to town ?”

    Stocky had never cared for Howitzer.

 1 But it wai? not in his nature to refuse
 a simple service He did not suggest
 the excellence at lie late trains from
 i the shore villages, but said that of

 >	course he’d be ver> happy to be of use.
 Whereupon, the conveyer of the wreck
 having taken his leave. Stocky was in-
 ! troduced to‘ Miss Hazel Lemoine and
 i Miss Pinky Montmorenci and to the
 very complete and thoroughgoing dis-
 ability of Howitzer’s machine.

   “I’ll leave it here overnight,”
 {growled Howitzer, “and send down my
 •chauffeur in the morning. I was a

 •	blamed fool to come out without him—
 lie’s a Frenchman and a James-dandy.

 ‘ But—you understand—servants talk,
 •j-and madamc wouldn’t altogether ap-
 «■ prove of the young ladies. They’re
 i trying to get positions on the stage,

 ■	both of them: have appeared in one or

 ■	two musical shows. I'm doing wliat I
 •can to get them places—I know a few
 rmanagers, And, upon my word, they
 -seemed so cooped up in their boarding-
 ; house when I dropped in this afternoon

 ■	to hear their reports of some interviews
 Vyesterday that I couldn't resist offering
 ' them a outing. It was really pa-
 lithetic the way they jumped at the
 *:chance.” Thus Howitzer in long and

 ■	labored explanation of his companions

and his plight. Stocky merely nodded
and grunted and developed a great in-
terest in his cigar.

  “Hang it!” muttered llowiizer. mov-
ing toward the dining-room in which
he had already established hi* charges.
“He’ll get us home anyway—and the
train is out of the question with the
madamc spending the day with her sis-
ter at Cos Cob.”

  It seemed to Stocky, awaiting his
passengers on a porch overlooking the
moonlit waters of the Sound, that Miss
Lemoine and Miss Montmorenci were
prodigiously heavy eaters. W hen after
a long time the dinner-party appeared
lie feared that they had been prodigi-
ously heavy drinkers as well. He was
annoyed. As he drove the car ahead
through the blossom-scented spring
night, the silly, ignorant, vulgar chat-
ter from the tonnean grated on him.
He thought of the mountain cabin and
Crystal before the fire : he thought of
Agatha’s haughtily held fair head and
air of disdain for all that was low and
ugly. Pretty- companions had he,
Stocky Brown, friend of two such
women, succeeded in picking up!

  Perhaps in the vehemence of his de-
sire to get rid of his embarrassing party
Stocky drove with unaccustomed reck-
lessness. Perhaps it was just pure
fate. Mr. Howitzer always thought of
it as Nemesis, and the young ladies as
unexpected advertising. At any rate,
when they were just reentering the up-
per end of the city, they collided with
another madly driven car. and in a
second they were lying in a heap in a
ditch.

  When Stocky, moving gingerly,
found that he himself was whole, his
first alarm was for the young ladies.
Their shrill and uninterrupted cries
reassured him as to their lives: from
the other automobile’s party—a group
of drunken friends of the chauffeur
who had taken it out of the garage—
came a fluent stream of profanity. Only
Howitzer’s voice seemed silent in the
general melee. Two policemen came
running from the encircling darkness,
another machine stopped to proffer
service, a trolley-car making its late,
68

THE •PG-PUL/VR MAGAZINE

passenger less way out to the bridge,

paused while the conductor ran to the
scene of the accident.

  The chauffeur's party was making

charges against Stocky. For a minute
or two he was indifferent to them, his
mind solely upon Howitzer who lay
with his face white and his eyes closed
in the moonlight. One of the police-
men discovered that his heart was heal-
ing, however, and Stocky breathed a
sigh of relief, and gave his attention
to the complaints of the other side.
There were a few minutes ot mutual
recrimination, and then the whole com-
bined party found itself bound tor the
precinct station in one ot the machines
which had paused lo investigate and
which the police had commandeered.
All but Howitzer, that is, who was
borne to the nearest drug-storc, and
an ambulance summoned.

  At the station they all found them-
selvt—except the young ladies—held
fur a later appearance. The chauffeur,
C' n^iderably sobered by this, went
sheepishly, under guard, to the tele-
phone. to acquaint his employer with
the situation. Stocky, filming, followed.
He had no real estate in New York to
offer as security, lie must follow the
chauffeur's example and call for help.
At the moment he could think of no one
but Duncan. Duncan was to blame
for this, anyway, introducing his
bounder acquaintances to a man!

 Duncan had just come into his
rooms, as it happened, and was en-
gaged in a telephonic talk with his
cousin Agatha who had phoned him up
earlier in the evening and had left the
request that he call her up. Upon their
cousinly intercourse concerning a dog
which Agatha desired as an adjunct to
the place at Tuxedo, the police tele-
phone intruded. There was a trian-
gular mix-up for a few seconds. Then
Agatha discreetly retired from the talk,
though not, as after developments
showed, from the wire.

  Of course, Duncan was as friendly
and serviceable as any kindly disposed
young New Yorker is naturally to a
man with copper-mines up his sleeve.
Of course, he would come at once and

get his friend out of his plight; and
hadn’t they better be prepared lo ar-
range some soothing tale for Mrs.

1 lowitzer’s ears- ?

  Meantime, the reporter of the Morn-
ing Clarion, yawning over the dearth *

<	f interesting news until the automo-
bi lists had cotVie in, talked with the can-
didates f<»r stage honors. He was an
astute young man, and a young man <1
with a memory. Brown? The young
ladies thought lie must be a rich young
man from the West from what poor
Mr. Howitzer hail said at dinner, did
tiny r Oh, he was one who had been j
quite a hero in the Cuban war and who 1
had left the city in disgrace after a 1
gambling-raid ? Ah, yes, he rcmem- I
bered. Thanks so much. He made a
few notes until Duncan and the irate
owner of the other machine arrived.

  When Stocky awoke the next mom- 1
ing he found himself once more the \
hero of a front page. He read the
story attentively. It was marvelous to ]
him how, by the mo-t delicate manipu- L
lation of a few facts, the young re- !
porter had framed a tale so incontro- J
vertible and so false. Miss Lemoine ‘j
and Mi'S Montmorenci, well known on |
Broadway, had been his guests, had
they? They and Mr. Howitzer, who J
was stunned but not seriously injured. J
by his accident? lie himself was be- J
ginning to be quite a figure in the 1
sporting life of the city, was he? He
would be remembered as one of those \
taken two years ago in the famous raid !
of Winterleigh, then assistant district j
attorney, at Jarmead’s—the raid from j
which Jarmead had never recovered. i

  Well, the difference between now
and the time of the affair two years j
ago was that now he couldn’t be sent i
away for punishment. Uncle Ephraim j
might frown and puff and look porten-
tous, but Uncle Ephraim wanted some j
part in the great Agatha mine property 1
anil would not carry his sternness far. ;
And so with all the rest—except, per- j
haps, Agatha and Crystal. Fie could
see Agatha’s scorn of him on her curl- j
ing red lip, in her disdainful eye. in
her stately distance. He could see
Crystal’s wide-eyed amazement and
STOCKY ‘B'ROWN

69

 disgust, her silent withdrawal. It
served him right, the whole thing, for
i not having told Howitzer to go to the
devil in the first place!

   l ie opened his mail. There was a
 letter in Agatha’s clear handwriting.
 He scanned it, half hating to open it.
 The postmark caught his eye. It had
 been mailed at midnight. "Just when
 that garbage-collector was gathering
 that information from thos6 women,”
 said Stocky to himself, politely refer-
 ring to the reporter and his inform-
 ants of the night before. Finally he

•	tore it open and read:

   Can such tilings be? And is he merely

■	human, after all? A little bird has been at
  my window to-night and lie has told me
  naughty things! When will you come and
  be forgiven?

   “Well, I'll be hanged,” said Stocky
 solemnly. “How the devil could she
 know this—this mess—before it was
 well in the station-house? Did Dun-
 can tell her fiefore he came to me ?
 Precious busy, I call him. When will
 I come and be forgiven? What does
 'she mean? Does she believe—what does
 I she believe? Anyway. I'm going down
 i to tell her the truth. She can take it or
 let it alone, but she’s got at least to
 hear that I wasn’t skylarking around
 with a pair of pseudo-chorus girls be-
 >fore I'd left her an hour!"

   The day with its interruptions of re-

■	porters, of machinists, of detectives and
 what not wore on. Five o'clock found
 him again at the Ramsays’. ITe had no

 ►	sooner entered than the buzz from the
^drawing-rooms warned him that Airs.

' Ramsay’s tea for the titled poultry-
: farmer was in full blast. ITe hesita-
ted, looked about to beat a retreat, but

•	Bootson stayed him.

^ “Mtss Agatha, sir. is in her boudoir.
'She's not feeling well enough to be
Jdown-stairs. But she is receiving a
’few friends there. She told me to^tell
you.” Bootson looked discreetly able
<to believe in the “few friends.” Stocky
'made his way up the stairs, past the
ilibrary on the front of the second floor,
nip another flight to Agatha’s own

<	bower, overlooking the Square, with its
^fountain, its young green leaves, its

children and nurses. P>ut there were
candle-light anti lamplight in her room,
And at his entrance, she pulled the cur-
tains across the view of the Square.
She was a little pale, and her eyes had
delicate blue shadows under them. He
had never been in this room before,
and it, with its flowers and hangings
and cushions, either slightly smothered
him, or the sight of her.

  She shook her head at him slowly,
gracefully, mockingly, intimately.

  “Oh, oh. Mr. John Randolph
Brown!” she scoffed, but in the most
melting tones. Stockv stood at atten-
tion. He did not know what this fore-
boded. He felt indefinably hurt by it.

  “And 1 have always believed you
such a pillar of ice.” she taunted him,
still in that honey-sweet, alluring voice.
“See how stupid I was! You were ice
only because my poor attractions —she
spread her hands wide and rtood be-
fore him in all her grace and beauty—
“my poor attractions did not tempt
you.”

  The perfume from her hair and from
the flowers in the room, the daintiness
and charm of all her appointments,
the hlue and gold and white that
seemed to hold her as a beautiful case
holds a beautiful gem, all smote upon
him at the same instant. But with ter-
ror. rather than with fascination.

  “Wait a minute.” he said harshly.
“You must not believe that rotten -tuft
in the paper this morning-”

  “Ah. but my little bird? Shall I not
believe that?" She stepped nearer and
spoke with a mimicry of his own voice.
“‘I’m here in the Hundred and Twen-
ty-sixth Street station with Howitzer
and two women—bubble busted. Come
and bail me out.' Sha’n’t I believe that
either?”

  He stared at her dully.

  “Oh, don’t be such an owl.” she cried
petulantly. “Don't you suppose I like
you all the better for having a spice of
the devil in you—if you care anything
about my liking you?” she ended provo-
catively. She knew well enough how
nearly she had broken down his bar-
riers the afternoon before. Surely now
—now that she ktfew him not impec-
70

THE VO€PULAcR MAGAZINE

cable, now that lie knew her not a se-
vere goddess-

  "You don’t understand," said Stocky-
thickly. '‘You—give me credit I don't
deserve. It was all an accident. 1 can
explain it to you."

  “So you're still a good boy! Dear
me! And I haven’t found a fellow vic-
tim of amiable human weaknesses in
you yet!” Her voice bad grown bit-
ter. She looked at him with eves bright
with mortification. Then she laughed,
a high'-pitched, reckless laugh.

  "Pray don’t be so serious," she
begged. ‘‘There’s no tragedy at all.
I’m not the victim of an unreciprocated
ardor for you, Mr. John Randolph
Brown.” 1 le made a gesture of repu-
diation. "To tell you the truth, 1 am
only an experimenter. 1 have—and
very unwomanly you will doubtless
think it of me!—a wager with Edward
as o the possibility of tempting you
from your icy attitude. Having once
—well I thought I should win the
wager. However. I’ve lost. Edward
will hugh at me. He knew your per-
fections better than I. We arc to be
married in June. He will want you
to usher for him. But he will laugh
at my failure!’’

  Stocky strode a step forward. He
caught her in his arms and held her
close and hard against him. Pic kissed
her face, her hair, with hard, brutal
kisses.

  “There !” he cried, when he let her
go, flushed, disheveled, breathless. ‘‘He
will not laugh at you now, perhaps.”
And he was gone before she could
frame a word.

XVIII.

  Two days later the news that the
date had been set for the nuptials of
Miss Agatha Ramsay, daughter, etc.,
etc., heiress, etc., etc., daring, original,
etc., etc., was duly promulgated
through the public prints. The list of
bridesmaids was given out and the list
of ushers. A discreet biography of
the expectant groom also appeared. I Us
remarkable suc-< --i•> in law and finance
were chronicled. Hie fact that Miss

Ramsay’s trousseau was to be exclu-
sively of American manufacture was
sounded praisefully. Stocky read the
laudatory, fulsome paragraphs with
loathing and disgust. He hated himself
fur what he had done, for it had not
even been a surrender to his own pas-
ion. to her charm; it had been the mark
of his contempt for her and her lures;
it had been his insulting seal of his rec-
ognition of her promiscuity. But he
fell himself more degraded by that in-
sult to her than he had degraded her.

  One thing had* befallen him which,
but for the sick taste of the boudoir
episode upon his palate, might have in-
vigorated him. He had received-a let-
ter from Crystal:

  Some one has sent me a silly newspaper,

with a garbled story of you in it. I am so
glad you were not hurt. As lor the other
stuff, you know that I don't believe a word
of what it implies. You sec, I have this |
advantage over your New York friends—I
have lived with you on the hills and I know
how impossible that sort of*thing would be 1
to you.	*

  That was like her—fine and straight
and outspdken. But how little she knew
him! She would probably not believe
that he could have insulted a woman as I
he had insulted Agatha Ramsay. How
little she knew him! After all, ca- j
rousing with those poor, painted make- ‘
believe chorus girls would have been a
white thing compared to degrading the
woman to whom he had given his boy’s <
first love and ardor. Oh, he was a
brute and a beast! Thank Heaven, the
company was to be incorporated soon
and he could get away from this hate-
ful town !

  Then came a note from Agatha: Y

  (f you wish to offer me any reparation for
your insult, you will do what Edward asks.

 That was all. What was Edward
going to ask? Was he going to call
him out to a duel ?

  On the contrary, Edward had no
more gory purpose in view than to in-
vite him to be best man at the wed-
ding,

  “You're Agatha's friend as well as
mine." said the lawyer, looking at him
out of sleepy-lidded eyes. "Neither of
STOCKY <BKOWN

 us has a brother—my brother-over-the-
 left would scarcely do for Saint Bar-
 tholomew's, eh? So do it if you can,
 old man. Agatha’s as keen on it as I
 . am/'

   What perversion of natural feeling
 should make her so, Stocky wondered.
 ] But llie command of her note was laid
 upon him. He found himself telling'
 Winterleigh how proud and pleased he
 would be. Winterleigh repeated his

 -	words to Agatha that evening.

    ‘.‘I suppose you'll like to hear that it
 / will be torture to him,” lie observed
 lazily. “Women are Apaches for tor-
 ture. lie must have been harder hit
 1 than I have imagined lately. Well,
 Heaven bless him! I like to see him
 writhe a bit, myself—in payment for
 the time I imagined you had a penchant
 for his eyes or his shoulders or some-
 thing.' Agatha laughed.

    “Silly!” she said endearingly.

    So the busy days went on, until the

 ■	end of May was upon them. Miss
 Ramsay, who liked the public attention
 riveted upon herself without competi-
 tors, had selected the first day of June
 for her bridal. “It'll take the wind out
 of all later sails.” she thought content-

 1 edly. She hated what she was doing
 ! in one way ; she did not love the man

 ■	she was going to marry, and the fasci-
 ? nation he had had for her at first was
 z evaporated into thin air. But she was
 . in for it; and he was bound to be a
 1 figure of importance in the community;

 ' that was something; and he wouldn't

 •	expect impossible flights of goodness
 i from her—he wouldn't want them. Oh.

 : it was an ignoble match enough, but it
 ■would answer. Or. if it didn’t—she

 -	shrugged her shoulders. Marriage was

 ■	easily evaded nowadays.

    There had been a final rehearsal on
 t the second evening before the cere-
 imony, and after it a bridesmaid-and-
 ! usher jollification at the Washington

 *	Square house. Agatha would not be
 .* married in the country. *’I want the
 t mob, the police, and all.’’ she said.

 Finally it was all over and the party
 i had separated.

   In her big room with the Louis
 Seize boudoir opening out of it, she

accepted the ministrations of her maid
with perfunctory gratitude. Afterward
the maid told the other servants that
never had she seen a young lady ap-
proach her own wedding with so little
excitement. “It wasn't just that she
wasn't excited," observed the abigail.
“She wasn’t even interested like."

  The maid, hovering around the
bride-to-be with the attentions which
brides-to-be always command from all
womankind, finally drew up the cover-
lids and turned out the light and tip-
toed off. Agatha lay still in the dark-
ness, and felt upon her once more the
strange, baleful eyes of the man who
was to be her husband in—in less than
thirty-six hours now! She was op-
pressed by sudden fear of him. He
was so sure of her—so sure of himself,
of his power over her. Perhaps, after
all, he would not be so easy to keep in
subjugation or to throw off, as she had
imagined.

  In the darkness, the sense of dread
kept growing upon her. She tried for
a long time to sleep, but she could not.
She turned on the light upon her read-
ing-stand, and picked up her.bedside
book—it was a morbid novel of the
drug-liabit She closed it again with a
shudder of repulsion, for she saw her-
self experimenting some day with the
new excitement of narcotics, becoming
their slave, and finally living the life and
dying the death of the woman in that
dreadful tale! She caught up another
—but it was a volume of decadent
French verse. She thought she saw the
eyes of her future husband smiling
mockingly upon her and taunting her
with her intellectual tastes and refuges.
And while the taunting smile held her.
there came a gradual change over the
face in her vision. The smile vanished,
the eyes were frozen, a snarl of hatred
and terror distorted the cruel lips. She
screamed and pulled violently at the
bell next her bed.

  Pier maid came running to ljer—the
bell communicated at the head of her
bed with the servants’ quarters. She
found the girl cowering and sobbing
hysterically.

  “Laws me, Miss Agatha!” she ex-
72

THE <PQlPULA<R MAGAZINE

claimed. "What’s the matter? Is there
any one moving below, in the library?
Or have yon been havin’ a bad dream,
poor dear'-’

  “That’}* it, that’s it," sobbed Agatha.
“Oh, such a frightful dream, Blossom.
Blossom, you must stay here the rest of
the night. You must sleep here.”

  And it was on the serving-woman's
kindly shoulder and to the monotonous
soothing of her “There, there, poor
lamb, there, there, poor lamb." that the
bride-elect finally fell 10 *leep.

XIX.

  “Dora!" Mr. Ramsay stood at his
wife's bedside in the morning light and
shook her b> the shoulder. Mrs. Ram-
say, her face swathed in bands de-
signed to prevent the sagging of mus-
cles, sleepily opened her eyes.

  “What's the matter, Gordon? What
do you want at this unearthly hour?
What time is it?" She turned fretful-
ly to the clock on the stand. “This is
outrageous." she declared with vigor.
“It's not seven, and you know how late

I got to,bed and-"

  “Oh. for (k>d’s sake, stop that!" in-
terrupted her spouse in a shaking
voice. “And wake up, Dora, and try
to be a woman.”

  Something in his manner made her
spring up. She faced him affrightedly.

  "What is it? Is Agatha-"

  “Agatha's all right—yet. But there’s
terrible news in store for her. Are you
ready ?"

  "Go on.” -

'‘Winterleigh has been murdered.”
She sat perfectly still lor a second,
her face in its grotesque hands grow-
ing whiter than the pillows behind her.

  “How do you know?’ she asked
finally, in a wooden voice.

  “His man has just called me on the
telephone to tell me.”

  "It—how was—some one who owed
him a grudge? Some convict?”

  “No—a woman.”

  “A woman?”

  “That is all Grimes is sure of. I
have telephoned for Doctor Hamil to
go with me. When I get there, I will

see what is to be done and will send

out—my God, Dora! How will Agatha

take it ?”

They looked at each other with

frightened eyes.

“1 will let her .sleep as long as possi-
ble— she will need all her strength to

meet the shock. Go now, Gordon. 1
shall go down into Agatha's den and
be there when she wakes. Call me on
the telephone the instant you know

anything more. Gordon!*'

  lie had started toward the door, nqd-
diug. He turned ljack at her call.

  “You’re sure it was a woman? Xot
a man—not any man Agatha had
treated badly? Letty told me—the
other week—some time—about young
Brown’s having b(Ten here for an hour
in her boudoir, and going out without
stopping for my tea—and he was never
here again until last night. You arc (
sure—he’s so reckless—gambler—

those women-”

  “Don’t let your imagination run
away with you, Dora." Ramsay pat-
ted his wife's shoulder. “Grimes was j
certain it was a woman. Evidently ,
there was no attempt at concealment.”
“Well—oh, it’s unutterable, anyway, j
But this is ncY quite what that would i
be.”

  Agatha awoke at eleven. Through 1
the sapphire hangings at her door she
beheld her mother in her dressing- j

room.

  “Ah. mama, dearest! You are here
to greet the lovely bride! But it’s not J
until to-morrow, is it? Or have I slept |
through ? I feel rested enough for any-
thing. Why, mother!” For her moth-
er had entered and was standing by
her bed—her mother, uiunassaged, and
unmarceled, with drawn, gray face and
stricken eyes. “What is it?” the girl
whispered.

  “You will be brave, my darling?"
  “Yes. yes—only hurry.”

  “Edward—oh. my dear, how can I?’,
“Mother, go on. Don't try me like j
this. What is the matter with Ed-
ward ?”

  For three hours the poor mother j
had been framing words and sentences ]
to break the force of the blow to her
STOCKY <B<ROWN

73

daughter. But now all that she could
say was:

   “Edward was murdered last night."

   Agatha’s rosy face blanched. “Last
night? Last night?'’ she cried. “Oh,
then it was that I saw—it was that I
saw!"

   She stared at her mother out of un-
seeing eyes of terror, and kept repeat-
ing the words. By and by she ex-
plained the “dream’' she had had.

  "But now do you tell me/’ she
added, with a sort of awful composure,
“how it happened.”

. "It seems, from papers which she
left, that it was a woman who—who
thought she had a claim against him.
Your father says that if half which the
papers declare is true—the documents
she left—he was—oh, my darling, I
say it to help you—he was a monster!
If they are true! But they are prob-
ably lies.”

   "I don't think so,” said Agatha medi-
tatively. “He was a perfectly un-
scrupulous man—and very able. Who
was the woman ?”

   “A Westerner, it seems, from that
God-forsaken place where he came
from. But, my darling, do not ask any
more questions. See, here is your
i breakfast on a tray. Can you eat any-
. Jiing. dear? Try, for all our sakes.”

   It was one of the most amazing and,
13n the whole, one of the most dread-
ful experiences of Mrs. Ramsay’s life
'.hat her daughter did try and did suc-
ceed in eating her breakfast that morn-
ng when her lover, the man who was
;:o have been her husband in another
..lav, lay dead with a bullet in his head,
i mile away from them.

XX.

   The newspapers of the next few days
—with which, it appeared later. Grimes
.nad held pecuniary conversation before
.•:cle phoning Mr. Ramsay—told very
*2ompletely, with proofs and clever sur-
juises, the story of what had happened.
'Winterleigh had gone home after the

•	rehearsal-supper to his rooms, in the
-Omaha. Apparently the woman had
••obtained entrance to them during his

absence. The liall-bov had a dim rec-
ollection of having admitted a small,
queer-looking woman to the building
early in the evening. No elevator-boy
recalled having carried her up to Win-
terleigh’s apartment on the eighth floor.
So she had apparently watched her
chance and slipped up the stairway
when the elevators were in transit.
How she gained admission to the apart-
ment was a mystery for some time, un-
til the superintendent recognized her
picture as the likeness of a woman who
had looked for an apartment three days
before and who had maneuvered to be
left alone with his key-ring tor a few
minutes while he went down to attend
to some urgent matter in the engine-
room. It so happened that he never
missed his skeleton key until after the
murder, when he put two and two to-
gether for the benefit of the detectives.

  She had, apparently, waited in the
rooms until Winterleigh had come in
and had gone to bed. She must have
hidden in a clothes- closet in the pri-
vate hall, for Grimes, who had waited
up for his employer, had seen no sign
of her. Then, when Winterleigh had
gone to bed. but not to sleep, for the
cigar he had evidently been smoking
was not half burned out. she had crept
in upon him. His wras not the face of a
man done to death while he slept peace-
fully. but of a man who, with loathing
and hatred, has seen death approach
him. Well, she had crept in. and had
shot him in the temple before he could
leap from his bed, although he had evi-
dently started up. His body lay side-
ways where it had fallen back from a
half-erect position.

  Then, turning her back upon him.
she had carefully and with a sort of
dreadful humor in her exactness laid
out the documents that would prove
her connection with the case. There
were the newspaper clippings foretell-
ing his wedding. There were old,
stray paragraphs concerning his legal
successes East and West. There were
letters to her dated a dozen years be-
fore—to his “dear girl." his "sweet-
heart.” his “bride.” his “wife" ! There
were letters to others—to Seth Adams
74

THU 'POcPULA<R MAGAZINE

and to Mrs. Adam*—commanding this
and that to be done: by and by there
were letters without beginning or end.
typewritten on a blue paper which
Stocky, when he saw the awful exhibits,
A. B.' C, and the rest, recognized at
last—the paper of Winterleigh s office.
Whoever wrote those letters was the
wonderful leader of a gang of despera-
does, planning their outrages for them,
sharing their booty, promising help
when necessary to his deputy. I hat
deputy was one man; the others were to
believe that the schemes had their origin
in the deputy’s brain. No one was to
know of the master mind, weaving
crimes, providing for the remotest con-
tingencies of crime, in an airy New
York office. The murderess wrote in
the one document she left in her own
handwriting:

 But all the lime I was there. Years and
ye: rs ago he had loved mo and made me
hi slave as he made all his slave that he
wanted. He had ruined me and left me.
First to Denver he went—and used from
there to promise to return to me. Then to
Chic.igo, and said I should soon join him.
But I was always listening, and I robbed
my brother-in-law's pockets and learned
things that way. Then he went to New
York. He sent a boy out to us that he
wanted to have killed, but the boy did a
good turn to my brother-in-law's mother, and
so my brother-in-law would not kill him.
Then I tried to. hoping to win my husband
back again by services—for he was my hus-
band. But they frightened me with stories
of what he would do to me. Then he wanted
money and wrote to us to I'ob the Fiero
mine superintendent, and they did—the gang.
And then the boy he wanted killed said he
was going to marry a girl in New York;
so 1 told the sheriff of the robbery and all
the crimes and how be planned them. But
no one believed that, i led the posse to
the place in the mountains he himself had
shown me, where we had camped together,
he and I, when he first married me—for he
did marry me; and where he had shown
me the one secret way up the old. narrow
ravine to the top of the cliff, But lie got
them all off with sharp lawyers, and I was
very weary and so far away I could do no
more. My sifter and thy brother-in-law took
me with them to the coa«t. I could never
get away from their spying. So I knew he
had told them never i> • let me get loose of
them. So I went out in a boat, first hiding
boy's clothes and some money in a place I
knew. And I fixed the boat to upset with
my hat and coat to float upon the water.
So that my sister and brother-in-law thought

Trtfi drowned and did not look for me t.a

land. And I put on the boy's clothes—I
am small and thin and light in mv motion* '
like a boy—and 1 made my way from them.
And i he papers 1 bought said he was going I
to be married. And one, a foolish thng j
about "How Bachelors Keep House,** (old I
me where he lived and how. So 1 got hcrt 1
.ind resumed my woman's clothes a few day* '
ago. N’ow I know bow his apartmqit lies I
and where he sleep*. I know when he is tq
be married, but he shall not be. For I shall 1
k II him, and then I sliall go drown myself ■
indeed, I do not want to live after he is ]
dead.	Bahbajia MEJtmrr. ; j

  And, after the two weeks" wonder I
and scandal, this came to-be accepted 1
as the true history of the life and death |
of Edward Winterleigh, Some matter- I
of-fact persons never believed any of it :
except that the great lawyer died at j
the hands of an insane woman whose \
body was afterward recovered in the
North River. Some imaginative per-
sons, on the other hand, made Winter-
leigh organizer of all the crimes com- I
mitted East and West for a decade be- i
fore. Agatha Ramsay went abroad as
soon as possible that her scattered
nerves might be restored at the German j
springs. She eventually married a I
French gentleman of high title and an-
cient lineage whose temperament prom-
ised her all the excitement she could j
conveniently manage, and at last re-
ports she was more of a Parisienne than
any native.

XX.

  There was a golden light all over the
plain on which Mimosa stood. The
dusty stretch was shot through and .
through with color from the setting
sun. A girl, slim, erect, slight, rode
a pony back and forth beside the sta-
tion-platform. Her eyes beneath the
sharply defined black eyebrows were ,
clear pools of deep light; her olive skin
had red in it. her lips were red. Health
and some joyful expectation lit up her
glowing countenance. Now and then
she stopped to pat a horse picketed at
one end of the station.

  When the train drew in, she soothed
her restive pony with gentle strokes.

A man came running around the end
STOCKY <B<ROWN

  of the station—Stocky, his tan lost by
  ten months in the East, but his eyes
  eager and bright.

    “Crystal!” he cried. “Oh, Crystal!”
 He caught her hand and all words
 failed him.

   “Stocky! Dear, dear friend!" she
 said. He reared his head.

    “If that's all you can make it, Crys-
tal. I won't come any farther,’’ lie said.
“You can’t be friends with me. It’s
all or nothing now. I wrote you that
--you knew'.”

    She looked at him tenderly from the
 i superior height of her horse’s back.

    “I think,” she said honestly and slow-
  ly, “that that was the reason I made
  you wait so long to sec me, and then

75

made you see me here. I wanted you
to take time, Stocky, and be sure."

  “I'm sure. Are you?'

  She smiled with divine tenderness on
him, and nodded.

  "I’ve been sure ever since your box
of laurels came that time. Till then I'd
never thought about you that way.
Then—then 1 did—and ^'ve known
since then, Stocky!”

  He received the benediction of her
deep eyes bem on him as though it
were a stream of healing and cleansing
as well as of joy. Then he mounted
the horse she had brought down for
him. and together they rode along the
dusty street of the town to where the
green of the parbonage showed.

DEPTH TO WHICH DIVERS CAN DESCEND

r'V'HE depth to which a diver can descend would appear to be limited by his
[ 1 power for withstanding the adverse influences acting upon him while
carrying on his duties under water. Apparently a descent of thirty
: fathoms—i8o feet—of water marks the. limit of safety for even the few divers
who possess the necessary physical fitness in combination with a disregard for
c danger beyond the average. Records in deep-sea diving have to be accepted with
'the proverbial grain of salt. We are told that a diver lias reached thirty-three
fathoms and a half while engaged in salvage operations recently on the west

•	zoast of South America; and, yet again, another diver working on the same
vwreck is reported to have brought up three bars of copper from ~ depth of forty
ifathoms at the expense of his life. An expert who has superintended a large
number of diving operations has found that very few men. whatever their build,
■arc capable of combating the severe strain which is brought to bear upon their
physical energies for a few minutes at a depth of twenty or thirty fathoms. Many
.of his divers dared not venture below ten fathoms. Of 352 divers employed
iat greater depths, thirty were seriously injured, and the result was fatal in ten
instances.

LITERARY NAMES OF AMERICAN TOWNS

 THE town of Kipling has just blossomed out in Canada, where there is only
one town of Shakespeare. The nearest the United States comes to having
a Shakespeare on the map is the. town of Shake, in Oregon. For some
riinscrutable reason the great English dramatist was never popular among the new
itown-namers in North America, although we have in the United States thirty
' Miltons, three Goldsmiths, four Dickenses, thirty odd Scott>. twenty Byron-, two
Tennysons. and one Thackeray. Notwithstanding all the Browning clubs, there
isn’t a Browning 011 the American map.
A Case of Professionalism

By Ralph D. Paine

    Author of ‘‘ I'/ie Slroke-oar,'' ‘‘ The Praying Skipper," Etc.

    Those who have read “The 5troke-oar”—we hope every one has-are sure
to be interested in the character of Hector Alonzo McGrath. Hector is, in a
sense, the hero ol this splendid tale ol college athletics. The story is lull ol
action and human Interest and not without a touch of human pathos, although
Hector by an act of self-sacrifice saves the day at the last.

FAST freight had been
derailed with such dis-
astrous results that a
dozen cars of merchan-
dise were heaped and
strewn piecemeal
across both lines of
track. The early aft-
ernoun express bound to Cape May had
been halted by this chaotic barricade,
and its passengers poured forth in an
irritable swarm to bombard the wreck-
ing-crews with asinine questions. The
red-faced, sweating foreman sputtered
poor consolation from the deck of a
derrick-car :

  "Ye can see wid your own two eyes
that tis lucky we’ll be if we get this
mt « cleared away by sunset. Now run
of? and l’ave me be. Me titnper is
frazzled entirely.”

  In the face of this forceful admoni-
tion to mind his own business a slender,
well-groomed young man of cheerful
demeanor sauntered nearer the irate,
foreman and offered him a most excel-
lent cigar, with the mild query:

  ' Are we really stuck here for four
or five hours? 1 don’t mean to be a
nuisance, but there is a girl in Cape
May and she takes it for granted that
I never arrive anywhere on time. She
won’t blame the railroad for this. She
will say it wun all my carelessness. 1

want to rush a telegram through to her \

and try to square myself.”

  The foreman grinned, mopped his ]
face with his shirt-sleeve, and quite \
amiably returned:

  “If the ties ain't tore up too bad we
may get your train through in three '
hours or so. me boy. Ye can wire the !
gurrl on the word of Peter O’Mara j
tliat for once ye are unavoidably de- j
tained.”

  “Thank you kindly, Mr. O’Hara., I
will wander up the nearest road and I
chat with the natives if this wilderness ]
happens to be populated,” replied Hec- 3
tor Alonzo McGrath. “My fellow suf- J
ferers back yonder make me tired. They j
ought to be grateful that their own j
train isn't smeared all over the New
Jersey landscape, instead oi cursing J
themselves black in the face over what 1
can't be helped."

  With ibis philosophic, finale young
Mr. McGrath of Yale betook himself L
to the grade-crossing beyond the wreck j
and turned into the country highway j
which made a white streak through the !
sparse and sandy woodland. The pros-
pect offered little promise of natural \ •-
beauty or wayside diversion, but the
explorer footed it resolutely, hoping to i
discover some sign of farm or hamlet
to awaken his idle interest. The mid- ’ I
summer heat was tempered by a lively ;
A CASE OF ‘PROFESSIONALISM

77

  wind which blew from the eastward
  . with the breath of ocean in its salty
  tang, and before long- this casual way-
  farer discerned a strip of marsh and
  the cool glint of a small tidewater river.
  Presently the road turned toward a
  ramshackle wooden bridge, and just be-
  yond it McGrath saw a low-roofed,
  weather-worn farmhouse. lie was hot
  and thirsty and desirous of resting in
  the shade of the ancient trees which
  guarded the dooryard of this humble
  1 dwelling.

    “It is the old homestead, right out
  of a book,” observed young McGrath
  to himself. “Ten to one the moss-cov-
  ’ ered bucket hangs in the well. And
  it wouldn't surprise me one bit to see
  a blue-jeans quartet file out of the barn-
  yard, take the center of the stage, and
  sing close harmony. They may take
  me for a sewing-machine agent and
  throw me into the creek, but 1 am go-
  ing to make a social call all the same.”

    He crossed the bridge, turned into
  the dooryard among beds of prim, old-
  f fashioned flowers, and waited on the
  gray stone step for some response to
  his pull at the jingling bell-wire. In
  his last year at Yale, as yet unac-
  quainted with the sensation of earning
  a dollar by dint of his own exertions,

I this Hector Alonzo McGrath pursued
:his light-hearted and whimsical way
/with small knowledge of what the
•-struggle for existence meant to the
•• world beyond the campus gates. To
cone older and wiser than he, this small
.gray cottage, its tottering outbuildings,
its patched and unpainted barns, and
•its rudely fenced fields would have
-1 been eloquent of years of unremitting
Jtoil to hold poverty at arm’s length. To
' the young collegian they were agree-
cably picturesque and nothing more.

    Presently there appeared in the hall
. a woman of middle age, ruddy of
cheek, brisk of footfall, with the kind-
f liest, friendliest eyes which smiled a
f brave cheerfulness. Her hair was
: grayer than it ought to have been and
' there were more wrinkles about those
J honest, cordial eyes than was meet for
her years, as if life on this wide-swept,
meager farm liad been something other

than merely picturesque. As she smi-
lingly replied to Hector's courteous pe-
tition she smoothed imaginary wrinkles
from an immaculate white apron which
obviously hail been snatched up and
donned in haste.

  “Why, of course you can have all
the water you want to drink, young
man. The well is in the side yard. I'll
bring you a pitcher and glass, or I can
show you the way to the pump.”
Hector hastily voiced his preference
for the pump, and his hostess led him
along a graveled path and through a
densely covered grape-arbor fashioned
of bits of spars which must have
washed ashore from the sea toward
which the wandering river led past the
doorway. The random caller drank his
fill from the gourd that hung beside the
pump-handle, and was so evidently
loath to depart that she suggested:
“Why don't you sit down in the
grape-arbor and get cooled off? It
must be dreadful hot and dusty walk-
in'. I hear there was a smash-up on
the railroad. Did you come past it?”
”1 belong in the Cape May express
that is waiting for the railroad to be
put together again. It is much nicer
to be here than blistering over there
on the track.” replied the bold invader.
“Please don't let me bother you. You
can leave me here with perfect safety,
Mrs.—er—I do not know your name.
Mine is McGrath.”

   "Mrs. Harriet Trent, and I am glad
to meet you." said she as they sought
the shade of the curtaining grape-
vines: “It is selfish for me to think of
my own disappointments, and I ought
to be thankful nobody was killed, but
I had my heart set on goin' over to
Oakville this afternoon and I under-
stand there's no trains runninV
“How far is it to Oakville?” asked
Hector with genuine sympathy, for the
smiling face of Mrs* Trent could not
dissemble the note of wistful regret
in her voice.

   “It’s only a mile by train and two
miles by horse or afoot.” she explained.*
“My son went over this morning and
he counts on seeing me there by three
o'clock. He is in the athletic games
•78

THE cPOcPULA:R MAGAZINE

at the county-fair grounds, ami it s the
first time he has tried to run arid jump

against first-rate, grown-up athletes. I
feel pretty sure that Arthur can win
without me. but we >ort of looked for-
ward to this for same time. And I
am just too tired to walk that far.

  I lector Alohxo McGrath smote his
knee and declared with exuberant en-
thusiasm :

  “Athletic games! Why, Mrs, Trent,
I dote on ’em, all kinds, at any time.
1 am a strident at Yale, and I have
tried to make every team in the col-
lege for three years straight without
the slightest success. But 1 am just as
keen about it as ever. Please tell me
some more about your son.

  Mrs. Harriet Trent was beaming as
she gazed into the ingenuous coun-
tenance of this attractive stranger, and
replied with a zest to match his own:

  “Why, I'd give most anything to
have Arthur meet you, Mr. McGrath.
So m are really in Yale college. He
w uk: just love to talk to you. He is
£ ,i g to enter Princeton cc gs this
fall. -\ow, \ hat do you think of that? Of
course you are surprised, but it is as .rue
as I’m sittin' here. He seldom gets a
chance to talk to college students like
you. When he was a little boy I was
dreadfully afraid he would want to go
to sea like his father that was lost in
his own schooner six \ears ago next
November. But he took to books in-
stead, got it straight from his grand-
father Trent, and has talkea about go-
in' away to college ever since he was
twelve years old. It ain't been "easy,
but he went to the Oakville high school
off and on, 'and studied all summers
long, and now he's really and truly
passed hi- examinations for Princeton
college.”

  She paused, nervously twisted a cor-
ner of the white apron, and resumed
with an abashed and slightly troubled
air:

  “I just run on till I’m clean out of
breath, don't I? And me a perfect
stranger to you! You must think I’m
odd. But folks around here don’t un-
derstand what my son is drivinrat.”

  “I love to hear you talk, Mrs. Trent,”

seriously returned, Ileclor. “Can't I
persuade this fine son of yours to go to

Yale? Ye want that kind of men at

New Haven.”

“I wouldn't say anything against
Yale college for worlds,” she protected j

“but Arthur won’t listen to.anythin!;

but Princeton. It was a young Prince- 1
ton professor duck-shootin’ down here J

five years ago that put the bee in j
Arthur’s bonnet, and he’s never thought
of an> other place since.”

  “But how will >ou get along without j,
him? Can you run the farm alone? \
Have you any other children?”

 “Nobody but Arthur,” and her |
brave eyes were sad. “He will be home J
summers and vacations lo look after '
things and I’ll make out somehow. 1
don’t worry about that. He wouldn’t
go away if he thought I was goin* to '
suffer. He is goin' to work his way
through college, and if he prospers and
finds jobs enough, maybe 1 can go to 1
Princeton and stay a .vhile in the win-
ters. We don’t l>orrow trouble nor 1
cross bridges till we come to em."

  “Great Scott, we have forgotUr aT
about those athletic games.’ exefc itr.ol
Hector, glancing at his water,. "02 1
a arse you are going over to Oakville 1
right now’. Can't we charter a horse 1
and buggy ? I have plenty of time to 1
go with you. I want to see your son j
win a few* medals.”

  “Our old horse went lame last week*
and is turned out to pasture, and that j
ends it, though I thank vcu for yotir j
interest in me, Mr. McGrath You cer- I
tainly are good-hearted and w'.i-meafc- J
in’.”	1

  Hector pricked up his ears at thij
sound of wheels rattling across the j
bridge. Darting madly through the I
gale, he was in time to hail a carrot- I
topped youth driving a grocer's wagon I
piled high with berry-crates. To Hec-
tor's Miiporiunities ‘he red-headed cr.e j
made this crushing rejoinder:	.-j

  ‘‘Of course 1 can’t give you a lift. I
Can’t you see I’m goin’ straight away 1
from Oakville as fast as I can make
this old plug travel? You must be j
loony. Gid-dap.”

  “A five-dollar bill lc5oks sensible, I
A CASE OF ‘PROFESSIONALISM

79

 doesn’t it?” calmly commented the
 other. “Dump those crates in the yard
 here, and right about face. I need your
 wagon.”

   The peppery lad began to toss his
 cargo overboard without another word,
 and despite her vehement protests at
 such unheard-of extravagance. Mrs.
 Harriett Trent was fairly kidnaped by
 her energetic guest and whisked to-
 ward Oakville in a cloud of dust. Hec-
 tor banished the boy to the back of the
 wagon and handled reins and whip
 with such skill that the journey was
 made at breakneck spjeed. Mrs. Trent
 clung to his arm and maintained a
 courageous composure while he learned
 more and more from her confiding
 revelations how unconsciously heroic,
 how pregnant with loving sacrifices,
 and how fired with noble ambition had
 been the long struggle toward the goal
 of the chief desire of this mother and
 her son. Together they had wrought
 a miracle of zeal and faith and works

•	in wresting success from adversity,
 nor could Hector McGrath find room
 in his heart for doubt that Arthur
 Trent would somehow fight his way
 through four years of college.

   When the grocer’s chariot clattered
 into the straggling outskirts of Oak-
 ville the joyful noise of a villainous
 brass band welled from the fenced en-
 ' closure of the county-fair grounds. The
 gates were plastered with posters whose
 3 rampant type proclaimed :

GRAND ATHLETIC CARNIVAL,

  UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF THE

OAKVILLE A. A.
FOURTEEN CHAMPIONSHIP
EVENTS.

GOLD AND SILVER MEDALS
AND

$50 IN PRIZES.

   “Tf this young Trent expects to get
 into college athletics he must not be
 competing for money," thought Hector
 .flwith a start of dismay. "It will queer
 him as sure as a shot, with all the fussy
 rules against professionalism, even if
 rhe wins only a ten-cent piece. Doesn't

•	lie know any better? If he doesn't, I

ought to warn him. It’s the only de-
cent thing to do. W'hoa, Dobbin."

  But Hector did not wish to give the
doling mother cause for worry, and it
would be foolish of him to raise a fal>e
alarm. Of course Arthur Trent must
know enough to avoid spoiling his
chances of an athletic career at Prince-
ton by steering clear of competing for
cash prizes at this, picayune country
meeting. It was the comfortable’habit
of Hector McGrath to let well enough
alone and to meet disagreeable issues
by deftly stepping around them. So he
temporized, kept his reflections to him-
self, and escorted Mrs. Trent 10 a seal
in the flimsy grand stand overlooking
the trotling-traek and bascball-field on
which runners, jumpers, and weight-
tossers were strenuously disporting
themselves. The scene was like a
caricature of the pretentious college-
athletic meetings at which Hector was
wont to cheer himself purple of coun-
tenancfe, but he had the true sporting
spirit which finds iis enjoyment in the
contest itself and he was prepared to
be thrilled regardless of environment
or record-breaking finishes.

  Near the “take-off” for the running
broad jump stood a group of awkward,
sunburned young rustics clad in mot-
ley, home-made athletic costumes.
Somewhat apart from them, making
ready for a trial leap, was a youth of
different mold. There was no trace
of the muscle-bound clumsiness of the
farmer or the slovenly carriage of the
factory-hand in his graceful, confident
manner of handling himself. Trimly
and compactly built, he appeared to
possess both strength and fleetness in
an uncommon degree, the combination
of qualities seen in the successful half-
back or end-rush of the college foot-
ball-field. As he launched into his
stride and gathered himself for the
jump. Hector said aloud:

  "He certainly makes those clodhop-
pers look outclassed. By Jove, he is a
corker."

  “That is my son Arthur," cried Mrs,
Trent, her voice a trifle unsteady with
excitement. "Oh. do you think he can
win ?”
80

THE <PO<PULJ1<R MAGAZINE

  “He can’t help it. He is a natural-
born athlete,” stoutly affirmed Hector.
“Why, oli. why didn’t a Yale professor
have sense enough to shoot docks down
here and bag1 that boy of yours when
he was young!”

   "I am sure lie will come over and sec
us as soon as lie can, Mr. McGrath. I
don’t believe he knows I'm here.”

  A few minutes later a pompous vil-
lage worthy bellowed huskily through
a megaphone that A. Trent had won
the broad jump, “distance twenty-two
feet nine inches, breaking the record
of the Oakville Athletic Association by
a hull foot.” The victor waved a joy-
ous greeting- to his elated mother and
was about to run across the interven-
ing track when the perspiring gentle-
man of the megaphone roared:

  “All out for the quarter-mile run.
Take your places at the start.”

  Mrs*. Trent clasped her hands and
breathlessly confided to Hector:

  "This is the race Arthur wants to
win most of all. The first prize is ten
dollars and he needs just that much
more to put in the savings-bank to pay
his bill for tuition before he can get
into college. It has been worry in’ him
lately and he won’t have me deny my-
self any more than he can help. Do
you suppose he can run faster than
those big. hearty men. some of 'em
years older than Arthur? There must
be a dozen of ’em.”

  "I’m willing to bet ten dollars on
him against the field,” was Hector’s
prompt reply. “But he ought not to
be running for money in this race. I
ought to go over and talk to him. No,
it’s too late. They are lined up on the
mark. Oh, I have no business to let
him do it. He doesn't know any bet-
ter. I—I--”

   “YYhat in the world is the matter with
you?” anxiously asked the mother.
“ \re you afraid he can't win the race?
Is he doing anything he hadn’t ought
to ?”

   The starter’s pistol cracked and t he
bunch of runners shot away from the
quarter-pole of the trottiug-track. It
was too late to intervene, and inwardly
lamenting his procrastination and lack

of decision Hector eould qftlv .stam-
mer :

  “I—I was only thinking 1 might give

him some useful advice for the race. I
know a lot about this kind of sport,
Mrs. Trent. Of course he is going tj
win. Look how easily he runs. He 1
is going to set the pace all the way. |
He would make the hest of them hustle
on a good track.”

  At the end of the first hundred
yards Arthur Trent’s rivals were i
pounding heavily in his wake and when
half the distance had been covered they i
were strung out in a hopeless proccs- I
sion. Sprinting as though this were no
more than a hundred-yard dash, the
sw ift-footed youth tore down the home-
stretch of the track, head up, striding
powerfully, a winner in such easy fash-
ion that he seemed to be running for
his own diversion.

  “lie could have stopped to pick
daisies or turn handsprings down the
middle of the track and won as he
pleased,” declared Hector McGrath, 1
who was .dancing a jig and pounding 1
the railing with his costly straw hat
“He don’t expect to have any time j
for athletic games in college and I
don’t know but what I’m sorry, aftei .
seem’ him do so fine,” murmured Mrs
Trent, with a sigh of relief that the
intolerable suspense war ended.

  Arthur Trent wheeled from the track 1
and vaulting the barrier of the grand j
stand grasped his mother’s outstretched
hands. Her eyes were shining as she j
told him:

  “It was just splendid. I am .?<> proud ‘j
of you. I low many more races did you ■
win before I come?”

  “The shot-put, and the hurdle*. J
mother,” laughed the panting lad. j
“Four championships, and 1 have earned '
twenty dollars in all. Just think of ,]
that. And ten dollars of it belongs to |
you for a birthday present. It was lots J
of fun. I am going to make a try at j
the last event, too. That’s the mile j
run. It's great to have you here.”

  As he surveyed the manly, resolute j
face of young Trent, Hector could not
bring himself to say a belated word J
about “professionalism” in college J
A CASE OF iPROFESSIONALISM	si

 sport. It was too late to mend mat-
 ters and bo moodily looked at bis watch.
 I He must hurry away if he expected to
 rejoin the Cape May express. Offer-
 ing bis hand to Arthur Trent, he said
 sincerely:

   “Glad to have a chance to congratu-
 late you. It was great work. Your
 ft! mother will explain how I happen to
 be here. I understand you are headed
 fur Princeton, but if ever I can be of
 any use to you, just Write to .11. A. Mc-
 i Grath at Yale. There is a chartered

 •	grocery wagon at the gate and your
 mother is to ride home in it. I'll pick

 ■	up a rig from some of the folks here
 and hustle to my train. Good-by, Mrs.
 Trent. I must get through to Cape
 May to-night. This is a great boy of
 /ours, and he’s the kind you deserve to
 !iave.,p

II.

   After a blithesome, care-free summer,
 Hector Alonzo McGrath returned to
 Mew Haven to enjoy the dignified sta-
 ion and manifold responsibilities of a
 Vale senior. He found the football-
 . ;quad hard at work under the leader-
 ship of Jim Stearns, and promptly
 offered himself as a candidate for any
 position from guard to quarter-back.
 A i th more candor than tact the out-
 spoken captain informed him:

   “You have tried for the eleven for

 •	hree years, I lector, and you never
 came as close to it as fifteenth substi-
 tute. I don’t want the unpleasant job
 )>f firing yoft from the squad, so be a
 >jo6d boy and roll hoops or play mar-
 bles until the chess season opens. It
 s a cinch you can make the intercol-
 legiate chess-team this year if you don’t
 overtrain or sprain your thinker."

   “I had a notion you might want a
 »£ood plunging half-back, Jim. but
 ;ieyer mind,” was Hector's meek retort.
 r‘You will regret it when your team is
 whipped. Yale has never appreciated
 ne, but I won't be sore on you. You
 "ure a part of the system. You can't
 vielp it.”

   “Go chase yourself or I shall turn you
 •over my knee and proceed to wallop
 •you,” declared the football captain as

he called his men from the training-
house to the field for the opening line-
up of the season. Hector McGrath
found an outlet for his single-minded
devotion in watching the daily prac-
tise, cheering the good pi a} >, and ri-
ding back to the campus with the tired
and muddy athletes. As the season
wore on he continued to be a loyal
“heeler" whom tine wor>t weather could
not dismay. He trotted out to the field
with unflagging interest, elated when
the work of the first eleven was encour-
aging, depressed and volubly worried
when the “scrub'* was able to score a
touch-down or kick a field-goal. In
fact he seemed to carry a heavier bur-
den of responsibility upon his ratlur
frail shoulders than did his friend and
classmate, Jim Stearns, the captain.

  The preliminary or practise-games
played again-1 college teams of no great
prowess were satisfactory to the Yale
coaches. The eleven was strong, fast,
and slowly developing unity of action
as the weeks of October slipped past
and the shadow of the g~eat contest
with Princeton began to fall athwart
the Yale field. So great was the con-
fidence of Hector McGrath in the win-
ning abilities of Jim Stearns' brawny,
hard-driven young men that he began
to overhaul his cash resources with a
view to backing his faith with more
Substantial proofs. He had no intention
of risking utter bankruptcy in the event
of defeat, however, until an ill-fated
impulse moved him to visit New York
early in November as a relaxation from
the strain of lectures* and recitations,
although his instructors might have dis-
agreed with his opinion that he stood
in need of any recuperation of the
kind.

  In the crowrded lobby of a preten-
tious Fifth Avenue hotel Hector en-
countered one Aspinwall Smythe, a
young man affecting loud garments
and a manner of speech even louder.
Hector had made his acquaintance in
preparatory school after which the
“disgusting Smythe person,” as he
called him, had somehow pass-d the
barriers of Princeton and there main-
tained a precarious foothold throu^Ii
82	THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

freshman year, and then the campus
knew him no more. Notwithstanding
the brevity of his career as an under-
graduate and his compulsory retirement
from the shades of Old Nassau, Aspin-
wall Smythe was a blatantly aggressive
partisan of Princeton, unusually erup-
tive on the eve of the foot ball-match
with Yale, when he flourished large
bundles of his inherited wealth under
the noses of such Yale men as he
chanced lo meet in public places and
offered to “bet them 10 a standstill.”
Hector McGrath was accustomed to
say of this pet aversion of his:

  “Aspinwall Smythe is tlie only real
grievance 1 have against Princeton. It
is no disgrace to be beaten by her fool-
ball-teams and when we whip her she
takes ii like a good sport. But she can’t
live Aspiuwall Smythe down in a
thousand years."

  At this chance encounter in New
York Mr. Smythe was flushed with
wine and he fell upon Hector McGrath
with a roar of triumph, proclaiming
so ih:.t grill-roof. cafe and lobby might
hear his war-cry:

  "A Yale man and he's my meat! I
thought I bad driven them all into
their holes. Hello, you little paper
'jH>rt. Come down to the big city to
bet three dollars on your team? I’ve
been looking for Yale money for a
week, and you Elis are too sandless
to bet on your own eleven. W hoop,
I've bluffed you all.”

  McGrath eyed this fat and florid
nuisance with huge disfavor and curtly
responded :

  ‘ There i> no call to make n howling
as> of yourself, Smythe. I f you want
to bet on Princeton, you won’t have to
look any further. Now put up or shut
up.”

  With a foolish chuckle Aspinwall
Smythe dragged from his trousers
pocket a corpulent roll of bills and an-
nounced :

  “Now it i- your turn to shut up and
run back to New Haven, you Yale
shrimp. Take it in a lump at even
money or leave it alone. I don’t bother
with pikers.”

  “I’ll take it," snapped Hector, his

checks aflame. “Now count it, ami
than I will write a check to cover it.
We'll let the hotel safe hold the stakes." j

  Mr. Smythe appeared somewhat sub- j
dued, but he dropped into a Convenient
chair atfcl began to count his money j
with fumbling fingers. Hector Me- I
Grath stoo 1 watching him in a most
distressful frame of mind. His bank- I
account was at low ebb. and he had
drawn upon the paternal allowance I
three months in advance. That square- j
jawed father of his who had made his f
fortune in the steel mills of Pittsburg I
had a businesslike method of dealing, I
even in family matters, and 1 lector 1
knew that any further appeals for suc-
cor would go unheeded until the day ']
on which the next remittance fell due. I
It seemed as if Aspinwall Smythe j
would never finish pawing over that 1
harrowingly plethoric wad of bills, but I
at length he grunted between puffs of j
his cigar :

  ‘‘Twelve hundred dollars to a cent. I
Now aren't you sorry you met me, eh?"

  “Oh, pshaw, you are dealing in mere 1
chicken-feed. I thought you were real- 1
ly plunging on your team.’’ observed |
Hector with desperate bravado. "All I
right. Wait until I get a blank check 1
from the desk."

  When this rash young man from I
\ ale boarded the midnight train to New 1
1 faven he was in no mood for slum- 1
ber. For some -time he sat in a corner I
of the smoking-compartrncnt of a sleep- 1
er busy with pencil and paper. At 1
length he said to himself with fur- 1
rowed brow:

  "1 am shy jusf about five hundred of 1
that fool bet, and I must beat that I
check to the bank between now and I
the Princeton game. But I couldn't 1
let that Smythe swine walk all over 1
me. T don’t think 1 had better try to 1
touch any of the fellows. They may I
want to put their spare cash on Jim 1
Stearns* team. The sooner I get at the $
horrible situation and look it sternly in j
the eye, the better for little Hector's*
nerves.”

  Losing no time next morning in ta-I
king the war-path, he first sought a 1
retiring gentleman of sleek aspect,!
A CASE OF ‘PROFESSIONALISM

83

 Abraham Hamburger by name, whose
 charitable vocation it was to respond
 to undergraduate signals of distress by
 lending them cash on personal notes for
 a modest recompense of ten per c' ...
 a month. Mr. Hamburger was cordial
 but unhappy as be dcciareci vvit1- ges-
 tures more eloquent than his words:
 “My money is all out, so help me,
 Mr. McGrath. I cannot give you four
 or five hundred dollars, no, not before
 December. But I can give you two
 hundred. It will help some, maybe.”
 Hector signed a note without read-
 ing it, stuffed the two hundred in his
 pocket, and fled in search of another
 accommodating gentleman known as
 Einstein. This campus philanthropist
 purchased second-hand garments, and
 had relieved many a case of acute finan-
 cial distress by his ready presence.
 Finding Mr. Einstein loafing in the
 shade of an elm convenient to the
 dormitories of the Old Brick Row,
 ITector grasped him by the collar and
 swiftly propelled him toward his rooms
 in Lawrence Hall.

   “I have more clothes than I need,
 Moses. They are apt to make me proud
 and undemocratic,” vouchsafed Hector
 as they climbed the stairs. “Come up
 and look ’em over.”

   Without further parley the owner of
 the superfluous raiment bolted into his
 rooms and began to toss overcoats,
 evening clothes, riding-breeches and
 tweeds on divan, window-seat and
 chairs, chanting meanwhile:

   “Every one of them as good as new
 and made by McTavish, the swellest
 tailor on Fifth Avenue. Here, let me
 pick out a pile for you to cast your

•	vulture s eye over. One suit, two suits,
 three suits, a fur-lined coat, another

i good^ suit, a dinner-coat, a lovely out-
l.fit of swallow-tails. Oh, pshaw, make
' me an offer for the whole confounded
! lot.’'

   “Moses was fairly licking his chops.

[ He had long ago noted the surpassing
j cut and fit of the clothing worn by
[ Hector McGrath, and now this superb
' wardrobe was fairly hurled at his head,

i	Too excited to haggle, lie threw pru-

*	dence to the winds and shouted:

  “One hundred and fifty dollars. It i-
a big price, an awful price, but 1 will
give it f'r the lot.”

  “Nothing doing, you robber,” bel-
lowed Hector. “But I will be a sport
and make you a counter-proposition,
r will match coins with you. double or
quits. If / win you give me three hun-
dred for my clothes. If you win you
get them for nothing.”

  It was a torturing decision for Moses
Einstein to have to make, but his blood
contained a sufficient number of red
corpuscles to thrill to this sporting
challenge and after a moment of pain-
ful hesitation he faltered, quite out of
breath :

  “Double or quits, Mr. McGrath.
Here is a couple of half-dollars. I will
match you, best two out of three. I
am a dead-game Yale sport.”

  The undergraduate was inwardly
aquake, but he preserved a semblance
of composure w hile the lips of the agi-
tated Moses Einstein moved as if in
prayer. The two coins rang on the
table and Hector won the first round.
Then the skittish goddess of chance
allotted a victor}7 to Moses. Honors
were even, and there was tense silence
as the twain slowly disclosed the coins
that lay beneath their bauds for the
third match.

  “I matched you and you owe me
three hundred, Mose,” whooped Hec-
tor. “Now you can run ami get an ex-
press wagon for the most luxurious
wardrobe in college. Me for the sim-
ple life! Clothes are a cursed nui-
sance.”

  Moses wrung his hands and uplifted
his voice in heart-broken lamentation,
but his sorrow failed to carry convic-
tion. He had made an excellent bar-
gain after all, in spite of the adverse
result of his bold hazard. After his
departure Hector surveyed the looted
closets with emotions of dismay and
consternation, but the three hundred
dollars wrenched from Mr. Einstein
had power to soothe, and he straight-
way hastened to the bank and made
good the amount of the check that he
had so recklessly drawn to the order
of Aspinwall Smythe. The football-
84

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

team was holding its practise behind
locked gates ami Hector had to way-
lay Jim Stearns on the campus with the
question which seethed uppermost in
his mind:

  “Just between us, Jim, are we all
right? Are the men in good shape
and do the coaches seem cheerful? I
have phmged the limit, bet all my cash,
sold all my clothes, and stand to starve
and freeze to death before Christmas
if we lose the Princeton game.”

  ”If you are such an ass as all that,
you ought to be put in a padded cell,
Hector.’* was the unexpectedly dis-
quieting reply. “We are going to have
to play almighty hard to win. Our
team is lit enough, but Princeton is go-
ing to turn out a great eleven this
year. You are a little fool to be bet-
ting yourself blind two weeks before
the game.”

  “Wtil. I hope you won’t'forget what
it means to Hector,” feebly returned
the other. “If you lose, you will have
to buy me a meal-tickct, Jim. In my
low sta‘e of mind you are about as
cheerful as a sore thumb.”

III.

  The day after Hector McGrath’s
desperate game of high finance with
Messrs. Hamburger and Einstein he
discovered on the sporting page of a
New York newspaper certain tidings
which caused him to blink in a dazed
kind of fashion, rub his head, and ejacu-
late: “Nowf what do you think of that ?
Wouldn't it jar your underpinnings?”
The head-line of the surprising intel-
ligence smote his mental processes in
this wise:

PRINCETON MAKES A

           FOOTBALL FIND.

ARTHUR TRENT, A PHENOMENAL HALF-
BACK, PICKED TO PLAY FOR
OLD NASSAU.

  Hector read with wondering interest
the following despatch:

                    Princeton', Nov. 10th.

   A sensational piece of news leaked from the
secret football practise to-day. Hurlbert,
right half-back, has been shifted to the scrub
and his place taken by a strapping young

countryman from South Jersey, Arthur Trent
wh.* will play in the Yale gftine. He is work-
ing his nay through college and refused to
try for the team early iu the season mu the
ground that lie could not afford the time.

I he captain and coaches finally brought suf-
ficient pressure to bear and popular opinion •
i wrly forced i rent into footl>all-tog*. lie is
a man of wonderfully hue physique, very fast
on his feet, and tremendously strong. \|. 1
thoui’h without previous knowledge of fool- I
ball, he has shown such astonishing aptitude
for the game that he is considered the pi*,
nomenon of the Princeton season.

Hector flung the newspaper aside. 1
Until now his absorption in the activi- j

lies of the campus had shoved into the '
background of his memory that episode j
of midsummer when he had enjoyed !
the hospitality and the endearing com- ]
panionship of the mother of Arthur 1
Trent, when they had driven together 1
from the gray, crumbling farmhouse
to the county-fair ground- of Oakville, j
His first impulse was to rush in search \
of Jim Stearns and tell him that this
Arthur Trent had made a technical j
“professional” of himself by competing !
for cash prizes, and urge that a pro- j
test be lodged against his playing with
the Princeton team. This was an ef- J
fective and summary way of crippling I
the enemy’s strength. But as loyal as 1
he was to Yale, as fond as he was of I
Jim Stearns, and as much he had j
personally at stake. Hector hesitated, \
and the longer he delayed the more his I
indecision grew. He vividly recalled ]
the mother's pride in her.,splendid son, I
her devotion and her sacrifices, and her •
intimate part in the struggle to send ;
him to college. It was true that he ,
had won a paltry sum in athletic com- j
petition, but did he know that he was j
placing a bar sinister athwart his ca- J
reer at Princeton? Hector became i
more and more perplexed as to what he
ought to do. Had Arthur Trent con-
fessed his offense to the Princeton
coaches and were they overlooking it
as worthy of extenuation? And, any-
how, were the rules devised to safe- !
guard the purity and sportsmanlike j
spirit of college athletics ever intended
to punish such a case as this?

One fact was clear. Hector Mc-
Grath had it in his power to deprive
A CASE OF ‘PROFESSIONALISM

85

i Yale’s dearest foe of her phenomenal
r half-back. He had only to instigate a
protest and offer himself as an eye-
i- witness of the violation of the code,

i	to carry conviction. What held him

■	back from this step was a mosf worthy
I:;: and wholly unselfish emotion. He could

ii	not bring himself to see that young
"J Trent had done anything deserving
| punishment. To drag him into an ugly
. scandal, to let his name be bandied

i about in the newspapers as a “profes-
sional” unmasked by Yale in the nick
b of time, why, all this would be unjus-
tified by the facts, and wickedly cruel
i both to the boy and to his mother.
Trent was intrinsically the kind of
man any college should be proud to
. enroll among its students. After
wrestling with these reflections for a
long time Hector said to himself:

“I don't want to see Jim Stearns
. whipped and I hate like poison to lose
twelve hundred dollars. But even if
it means a victory for Princeton to let
this Arthur Trent stay on the team, I’ll

-	swear I don’t see how I can feel square
i and decent if I get him fired in dis-
grace, and that is all there is to it. He
; hasn’t been slaving like a nigger all
! these years to go to college to be an

■	athlete. And his mother isn’t living by
  herself in that tumble-down cottage to

a make a football hero out of him. They
. are the real things. I don’t care what
. the college lawmakers say. They didn't
' want to bar that kind of a man when
! they made their rules. And if Arthur
1 Trent wants to take that view of it and
' keep his mouth shut, it is none of my
business.”

   This view of the problem sufficed
fl no more than overnight. After the first
>7recitation hour next day Jim Stearns
1? slapped Hector on the back and re-
1 marked:

1	“You had better apply for that meal-
£ ticket early to avoid the rush. We are
ej up against it harder in the Princeton

2	game than T thought. Did you hear
l they have taken Hurlbert out and put

a in an unknown named Trent at right-
i half ? Hurlbert was as good as any
n man we have behind the line, and this
i freshman must be a wonder or they

wouldn’t put him in as near the end oi‘
the season as this. I hoped you saved
a good pair of walking-shoes out of
the wreck of your wardrobe, Hector.
You may have to hoof it home from
Mr. Princeton's town.”

  Hector flushed, stammered, and
looked aside. In the face of this
speech it seemed the rankest treason
to hold his tongue. But the vision of
Mrs. Harriet Trent framed in her old-
fashioned garden persisted in obtru-
ding itself. Her son could knowingly
do nothing dishonorable, and even now
Hector could not square it with his
sense of right and justice to turn in-
former. He managed to laugh at the
captain's warning and replied with an
effort to appear at ease:

  “You will have that infant phenom-
enon tied up in a hard knot in the first
five minutes of play, Jim. Wait until
they send him at your side of the fir-
ing-line. It is a foolish move for
Princeton to make at this eleventh
hour.”

  On the following Sunday no fewer
than three New York newspapers pub-
lished photographs of Arthur Trent as
the sensation of the Eastern football
season. The accompanying paragraphs
praised him for modesty and manli-
ness and told how he had been wailing
on the table at an eating-club and help-
ing the local expressman in order to
earn his college expenses. But the
argument which swayed Hector Mc-
Grath’s sympathies most strongly was
the fact that even in these badly repro-
duced photographs, Arthur Trent had
his mother’s eyes, kindly, trustful,
smiling at the world as if they knew
no guile.

  “I guess I will have to stand by the
old homestead.” was Hector’s final
verdict. “It may cost me twelve hun-
dred good dollars, but the price isn’t
big enough to make me play Judas to
the Trent family.”

  The great Yale-Princeton game of
that year was played without the en-
thusiastic presence of that ardent
“heeler,” Hector Alonzo McGrath. His
reasons for staying behind in New
86

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

Haven while the college, almost to a
man, joyously departed to view the con-
flict were not wholly of a financial na-
ture. To an impatient classmate who
implored him to forego his mad reso-
lution to maroon himself on the cam-
pus he explained with some heat:

  “My nerves won’t stand it. 1 come
within an ace of blowing1 up whenever
1 see a big game, and this year 1 have
too much at stake to risk it. No, I’m
going' down to Heubleiivs and lake the
bulletins as they come off the wire.
There will be time enough between
them for me to stow away a bracing
drink and 1 can be quiet and within
easy call of an ambulance if Princeton
happens to score from the kick-off.
Good-by, Bill. Just tell them that you
saw me.”

  At the hour when the vast holiday
multitude was filling' the slopes of the
amphitheater of another city. Hector
Alonzo McGrath might have been seen
to wander pensively across the New
Haven Green and seek a shadowy cor-
ner of a deserted cafe. A stout, griz-
zled German waiter who had been
called "Bismark” by his student
patrons for a dozen years waddled to
the table and asked with genuine so-
licitude :

  “Is you sick or somet'ings, Mr. Mc-
Grath? How it vas dot you stays
away from the game ?”

  “I am not strong enough to tell you,
Bismark/' wearily quoth the solitary
guest. “I want you to bring the bulle-
tins over to ray corner as fast as they
come in. and read them to me in a
low, soothing voice. Don’t let yourself
get excited no matter what news you
get, or you’re likely to sec me jump on
the table and bark. I am on the edge
of a collapse from excessive brain-fag.
And with every bulletin bring a mug of
musty ale.”

  Bismark bowed, made no comment,
and ambled off to ask the cashier about
the telegraph service, fearing that any
delay in serving the bulletins piping hot
might bring on one of the mysterious
attacks so darkly hinted at. Hector's
nerves were indeed unstrung. Now
that it was too late to'alter his decision

he was a prey lo wretched misgivings
lest after all he had chosen the wrong

course. He was enough of a man
to think of his duty to Yale rather
than of his imperiled twelve hundred
dollars, yet the latter motive was by
no means forgotten and he miserably
reflected:

  “It is a toss-up whether I am a
mart} r to my convections or just sev-
enteen kinds of a blankety-blank fool.
And some wise man put it down in a
book that he’d rather be a rascal than
a fool. Hither, Bismark! You needn’t
wait for a bulletin to fetch me that
first mug of musty ale.”

  The waiter trotted in with a slip of
paper in his fist and the mug of ale
on a tray, anxiously inquiring:

“Vat vill you have first, Mr. Mc-
Grath? Here is the trink und here is
the openin’ message from the game.”
“Read it. Bismark. For Heaven's
sake, read it quick.”

  “All right, Mr. McGrath. It says
like this:

  "Yale kicks off und Trent rushes hall hack
to midfield from Princeton twenty-yard line.
Princeton loses hall on fumble. Stearns
makes ten yards for Yale through left tackle
on first down. Time called. Yale man hurt.

Dot is all, Mr. McGrath.”

  “Just like one of these college-ath-
letic stories with Gibson pictures, isn't
it?” was Hector’s comment. “The
brilliant freshman who makes the team
at the last minute sails in and wing the
game. I don’t like the way this Trent
person starts off. Fact and fiction seem
to be agreeing too blamed well.”

  But through several successive bul-
letins, as sonorously proclaimed by Bis-
mark, the name of Trent no longer
came to harrow the feelings of the
gloomy listener. Yale was having the
better of it. and the first half ended
with the Blue leading by one touch-
down to nothing.

  "Maybe he isn’t going to be a story-
book hero after all,” sighed Hector.
“Say. Bismark, would you rather be
right than be President?”

  “I haf sometimes thinked I vas right
till 1 asked my wife, but I haf never
been President,” very seriously an-
A CASE OF ‘PROFESSIONALISM

87

swcred the waiter. “Vat is it 011 your
mind so troublesome, Mr. McGrath,
eh:-"

  “Well, i think I Will put my prob-
lem up to you, Bismark. Do you think
it pays lo hew to the line, let the chips
fall where they may?* In other words,
you have lived a good many years and
jn your time you have had a bird’s-eye
view of several thousand young men at
their meat and drink. Is virtue its
own reward and is a conscience a nui-
sance of an organ, like your appendix,
or not?”

  “If you mean vat I t'ink you t’ink
you mean, Mr. McGrath, I vill tell you
dot ven a man can look himself square
in his own eye he vill be liapp)>. Dere
is no room for arguments. I know und
I have seen. Now vill I feed you an-
udder bulletin und a 1111151)'?”

  "Let them come, Bismark. I feel
stronger. You have spoken a . wise
word in due season. Ah, the cashier
is waving a bunch of tidings at 11s.
Hop over and fetch it.’’

  It were painful to protract the agony
of the second half in which Princeton
scored a touch-down, then another, and
held this margin of victory until the
last moments of the game. Then the
doleful waiter read in a voice weighted
with woe:

  Steams breaks through und has a clear
field for Princeton's goal thirtv vard* a wav
He is run down and tack led by Trent t'nr.. ,-
yards from Princeton's goal-line. Tiir.e
called. Game ends. Princeton 10. Vale 5."

  “And Jim might have tied the score
if he hadn't been tackled by Arthur
Trent,” gasped Hector. “The fresh-
man didn’t win the game, and the joke
is on the story-writers. But lie kept
Yale from breaking even and he cost
me twelve hundred. And he broke
Jim Stearns’ heart. Well, Bismark,
let's hear your tabloid philosophy again.
How did you put it ? What i* the way
to be happy when you’re broke and
sore on life in general?"

  “Yen a man can look himself square
in his own eye he vill be happy. Mr.
McGrath. I vas sorry you feels so
bad. But some day you vill be older
den you vas at this minute und you
vill forget football-games und such
trifles.”

  “Good-by, Bismark: I am going to
get some fresh air,” said Hector cor-
dially, and with slightly brightening
countenance. “I am much obliged to
you for your company. The returns
are all in and the smoke is beginning to
clear, and I honestly believe that I
can ‘look myself square in my own
eve.’ M

     THE WAY COMPLIMENTS ARE RETURNED

 SOME one was having a party at a small village. There was a town girl, who
 was visiting in the community, attending the party.

          All the boys wanted a hurry-up introduction; and one in particular was
 | Very anxious. But the others managed to keep him out until she promised the
 other boys that she would let this particular gentleman down hard.

       Accordingly he wras introduced, and the conversation ran pleasantly. Slowly

 ■	and skilfully she drew him out, and he tendered her his choicest compliments,

 ►	especially on looks.

       The other boys had nudged tip close as possible to hear him drop,
 j “Thank you so much,” she replied, “but I’m really sorry I can’t say the same
 about you.” Then she leaned back with the air of a conqueror, while die lioys
 1 nudged each other and winked.

 I;, “W'y,” began the young man, blushing but little, "I guess you could by
 ■doing as I did—tell a lie about it.”
Shadow Reef

By Louis Joseph Vance

Author of " O' Rou> k<\ /he Wanderer" "The Private War," Etc.

     In this story, which is one oi the beat he has written, Mx. Vance takes
     his readers to the S^uth Sea* on a trail ol adventure and mystery.
     The otory is brilliant in its quality of surprising the reader at
     every turn, its accurate character-drawing, its thrilling excitement

CHAPTER I.

TIIF SKIRTS OF LI A PC IIANCE.

F it be but mouthing a
truism to say, by way
of preface to my story,
that Fortune sometimes
wears strange faces. I
can but plead in ex-
tenuation my own re-
cent experience; a re-
view of which brings the platitude so
insistently to mind that I am impressed
1 should get no further did I fail to
relieve my conscience of the observa-
tion.

  Fortune. I repeat, wears strange
faces. It must not be held against me,
a^ evidence of lack of intelligence, that
I failed to recognize her in the guise
of Secrctan.

  To get the flavor of the matter, you
nui't have in mind a picture of myself,
with all the grim attendant circum-
stance of my then state of life.

  You must figure to. yourself, first of
all. a rain-swept corner on Kearney
Street toward the end of a wretched
rowdy day; gutters running \ellow tor-
rents; cobbles scoured clean and
shining; belated cabs and cable-cars
racketing past with dreary, tear-
blurred windows; >lender and crystal-
line lances of rain gleaming like silver
in the gloom, as the wind flung them
slantingly athwart the aureoles of splut-
tering arcs ; sidewalks swept and gar-

nished, all San Francisco that owned a
home snugly entrenched within doors;
ami myself loitering’ disconsolate be-
neath the wooden awning of a corner
grocery, an object—1 could clearly rec-
ognize, though I affected to ignore it—
of interest to a blue-coated policeman
across the way, himself too cozy in the
side door of a saloon not to be reluc-
tant to venture forth and shoo sus-
picious-lookiug characters off the high-
way.

  For I am sensible that I cut a sus-
picious figure as I loitered there, the
collar of my too small coat turned up to
mask the absence of linen, my trou-
sers—so disreputable as to justify the
prim evasiveness that once character-
ized the articles as ‘/unmentionables’-—
six inches short of my ankles, sodden
shoes gaping, a pulpy derby jammed
down over my eyes/ nothing in my
pockets—not even bottoms—but my
hands.

  IIow long I had lingered in that spot
—ten, twenty or thirty minutes—I can-
not say. 1 did nof. in fact, much care,
having fallen into a heavy listless mood
that colored my outlook upon life un-
pleasantly. I remember favoring the
staring policeman with a lowering
scowl that was in itself an invitation
to step across and run me in; I would
not have resisted. My whole being
was absorbed in desire for cooked
meat, drinks, and warm clothing. And
there was no place in all that city,
SHA<DOW REEF

89

famed for its hospitality, whither I
: might turn in search of any one of
these—save the police-station.

   Presently I became aware that I was
become the object of another’s regard,
aside from that of the arm of the law ;
the proprietor of the corner grocery, a
rotund Teutonic figure in soiled white
apron, had stepped to his door. I con-
ceived that he credited me with dark
designs upon the few empty barrels and
boxes which cluttered the sidewalk be-
fore his windows: and smiled, I sup-
pose. grimly at the thought; a smile
which he evidently chose to take as
personal.

r “Fy don' you choost mofe on?" he
demanded with some unnecessary heat.
[ “What for?” I countered pleasantly.
“I'm not doing you any harm, am I?"

  “You choost mofe on!” he repeated
with rising choler. “Unt uf you don’d,

 1 11 choost call der boliceman !”

I “Call him and be damned," I re-
turned listlessly.

I “Py golly!” sputtered the German.
“I'll show you! Hi, Mister Police-
mans!” he bawled.

  Out of the corner of my eye T -aw
the guardian of the peace shake him-
self and advance unwillingly from his
shelter; a gust of wind and rain as-
sailed him on the instant, and he came
pelting across, head down, truncheon
brandished, coat-tails flying.

I And upon that—mark the incon-
sistency of human nature—I, who a
moment agone had contemplated with-
out disfavor the prospect of -spending
the night in a dry warm cell, instantly
began to hedge and formulate excuses.
Never before, low as the tide of my
fortunes had run for months past, had
I come into the custody of the law : and
I suppose that no man submits to ar-
rest, the first time, without repugnance,
r “Here now!" blustered the police-
man. "You move on, an’ no shentiani-
gan!"

 \ “W hat for?" I flashed defiantly. “The
 streets are free, I believe.’'

  "None V that, now! Move on, I say!
What business you got hangin around
here-”

. “Dot’s w at I want to know," inter-
jected the groceryman.

  "1 presume," I replied, “that a man
is at liberty to wait here and keep an
appointment with a friend, if he
wishes.”

  “Aw, cut it out! Move on!”

  I saw the hand of authority stretched
forth to grasp my collar, and recoiled
instinctively. Tt was at this juncture
that masquerading Fortune caught me
by the arm anti whirled me into an ad-
venture. as mad, 1 conceive, as ever
man knew.

  A hand, indeed, was laid forcible
upon my person; but it was not the
policeman’s, nor did it touch my collar:
in brief, it was inserted into my am,
and I found myself carried along a
pace or two before I became actually
aware of the intervention of a fourth
person. To which enlightenment a
voice ringing in my ear contributed
materially.

  “Come along, my dear fellow.” it
insisted, with a hearty and sincere in-
tonation. “Good Lord! what a day!
Will you ever forgive me for having-
kept you waiting so long !”

  1 hung back, vainly endeavoring to
free my arm; and so was swung about
face to face with, and got a good im-
pression of the newcomer, of whose
approach, to that moment, I had been
entirely unconscious.

  He proved an odd and pleasing little
person ; stoutish; with a round, lively
face full-colored as a boy’s, and un-
shaven : eyes gray and remarkable for a
peculiar effect of size, out of all pro-
portion to the rest of his features,
caused by the thick and saucgrlike
glasses he wore. For the rest, he was
uncommonly well dressed and groomed
to be abroad afoot in such weather;
his raincoat, worn carelessly unbut-
toned. flapped back in the breeze, dis-
closing a dark and well-cut morning
coat, a sober black-and-white plaid
waistcoat, and gray-striped trousers,
turned up above patent-leather shoes.
Altogether the effect was something
professional; you would have guessed
him, first of all, a physician: next, pos-
sibly, a lawyer with a steady and com-
90

THE VOVULAtR MAGAZINE

fortable practise; lastly, an unfrocked
priest.' Anti you would have been
wrong in each instance.

  “Come, come!" he iterated cheerful-
ly. "There’s nothing here to hold you,
surely! And my cursed unpunctaality
bids fair to make us late for dinner.”

  In a moment I had yielded to the
persuading pressure of the arm within
mine, and entered into the insane spirit
of the misadventure—the case of mis-
taken identity that I believed it to be.
This I was the more willing1 to do, since
it afforded me the opportunity to es-
cape and to confound my late perse-
cutors.

  With a malicious farewell glance
over my shoulder, which surprised both
pleasingly open-eyed and agape. 1 fell
into step with my importunate if new-
found acquaintance, and swaggered
along under his umbrella, down-at-heel
and out-at-elbow as 1 was, like, I dare
say, a hungry wolf accepting the
wayside companionship of a bleating
lamb.

  And a veritable lamb this impetuous
person appeared to be; continually he
assailed my ears with an uninterrupted
blatting. His voice was clear and a
trifle high, his enunciation rapid and
so markedly precise as to seem affected ;
and he prattled on, like a machine gone
mad. guilelessly, artlessly, about every-
thing and nothing of consequence.

  Within ten yards he was smitten by
an inspiration. This when he had—un-
consciously, 1 fancied—revealed his
name; it was some exclamation about
the foulness of the weather: "As sure
as my name is Dudley Secretan!” he
aflirrjjed with a great show of earnest-
nt>-. And the next moment:

  “Bless my soul, how thoughtless I
am! Of course we must have a cab.”
He flung his round little person im-
petuously in front of me and waved
both hands and the umbrella frantically
at a passing hansom.

  I remarked the cabby on his box
eying our incongruous company with
an open smile as he wheeled in at the
curb; and looking back, beheld the j>o-
liceman browbeating the German in re-
turn for his labor lost. And 1 think it

was this latter sight that decided me «o
continue to humor the little man’s self-
imposed deception—at least, until we
were around a corner.

  Meanwhile he was overwhelming me
with apologic- for what he insisted was
his unpardonable lack of punctuality;
and meanwhile assigned me a name—
“liemstreet."

  "My dear liemstreet!’’ he chirped.
“You have no idea liow sorry 1 am.
But, indeed, 1 could not help it; a mat-
ter of business intervened; and unfor-
tunately my youthful training was la-
mentably deficient, in that it never suc-
ceeded in instilling into me the precepts
of punctuality. I have that quarrel with
my early education; of late, as you
know, my ways of life have not been
such as would conduce to awaken me
to time’s value to men of affairs, like
yourself.”

  And lie went on, without a break,
from the curb to cab, and for as long
as we inhabited that vehicle. Once only
did he turn his attention from me. and
then it was on what I may call the for-
ward deck of the hansom, straining on
tiptoe to see the cabby's face over ihe
roof and give him the address. I do
not recall the latter clearly, after this
lapse of time; but I remember being im-
pressed that it was in a respectable
neighlx>rhood, if not Nob Hill itself.

  Vainly I attempted to interrupt, with
explanation and apology to awaken him
to his misunderstanding and stem the
tide of his babbling eloquence. He|
would have none of it. His voice
Jlow’ed on forever indomitable, over-
whelming my feeble utterances, regard-
less of my imploring accents, rising
clear and penetrating above the swish
and clamor of the rain and the rattle of
our cab’s progress through the streets.

  So that at length I surrendered at
discretion and sat back, resigned, if
wondering where in that small if fleshy
person was the storehouse of the fund
of inexhaustible energy that animated
Mr. Dudley Secretan. He filled in my
silence without embarrassment, his!
monologue covering a vast range of
subjects, some of which were astonish-
ingly personal.
SHA<DOW REEF

91

  He was good enough to reveal him-
self a bachelor, without kith or kin, a
man of leisure and some means. I
gathered that he had artistic aspirations
3nd had pursued his studies abroad.
Further, that a lawsuit had gone poor-
lv; that he heartily despised the city of
his residence; that he had been disap-
pointed in love.

  About myself—or whoever he be-
lieved me to be—matters were more
nebulous, naturally. However, I was
christened “Henry”—a name which I
have always despised; assured that my
welcome would be hearty; that Secre-
tan trusted that I would find leisure to
pay him a prolonged visit; that he had
received a letter from my sister in In-
dianapolis. but by circumstances been
prevented from answering it.

I And so on. In my exhausted and en-
feebled state—I had paced the streets
tor want of a bedroom the previous
night, and had not eaten for twenty-
four hours—I soon wearied and. clo-
sing my eyes and resting my head back
fggamst the cushions, let him babble.
M y ears became heedless and I have no
great recollection of what he said dur-
ing the last ten minutes of the drive;
although T doubt not that, in other cir-
cumstances, I had found it all entertain-
ing euough.

| But at the moment I was content to
drowse and ponder a way to break the
thread of misapprehension, and escape
without incurring the outraged wrath of
this genial Mr.. Secretan. Little as I
knew him, I was already by way of li-
king him immensely, and was conscious
of a pang of regret that circumstances
conspired so soon to separate me from
his engaging personality.

I For his part, he seemed to foresee
nothing of the sort; tongue clacking
chcerilv. he was at peace with himself
and the world. The glances that, from
time to time, I stole at him through
half-lowered lashes, showed his coun-
tenance rosily aglow with enjoyment
and enthusiasm;

I Presently—I awoke to the fact with
a regret—the cab drew up in front of
a house with brownstone facade, in the
middle of a long row of counterparts.

As I had anticipated, the street proved
severely respectable and wore an air of
conscious position, of comfort an I
worldly rectitude, that assorted well
with the manner of this one of its in-
habitants.

  The latter, no sooner than the cab
apron was thrown back, hopped nimbly
out, and had his umbrella up and a
settlement effected with the driver be-
fore I could get to ground: then, as
before, overcame my reluctance with
an insistent firm hand upon my arm,
piloting me up the brownstone steps.

  I yielded, I hardly know why or how,
and went with him. The open door
above, held wide by a stately butler,
diffused a glow of comfortable light
upon the rain-streaked darkness with-
out, together with a promise of warmth
and comfort—such warmth and com-
fort amid a gentleman's surroundings
as once I had tasted and now longed
again to taste in every fiber of my fam-
ished, weary being.

  And that prospect tempting me, re-
gardless of the probability of imminent
discovery the minute the light fell
upon my rags and tatters, with the at-
tendant humiliation of contumely and
eviction, I yielded and preceded Secre-
tan into his hallway. I think I can see
yet the glare of amazed resentment in
the butler's eyes, as they lit upon me,
and I can still feel the inward shrink-
ing from exposure that instantly as-
sailed me: but—a circumstance I had
no chance to forget—the lord and mas-
ter of the establishment was at my
heels, carrying the situation off with
a high hand and an outstretched
arm.

  “Ah, Benson!”—this to the butler—
"We are late, you see. No matter: I
dare say that dinner will not suffer ror
fifteen minutes:- postponement. Have
Mr. Hemstreet’s trunks arrived, Ben-
son? NoToo bad, too bad! Mr.
Hemstreet was caught in the storm.
Benson, and thoroughly drenched, as
you see. We must try to fit him out
for the night, at least.. I dare say we
can make a passable shift to find him
presentable clothing. Show Mr. Hem-
street to his room, Benson, and send
9'i

THE <PO<PUU1<R MAGAZINE

Jones lo him w ith a complete change

<	f clo’.hing. Tell Jones I shall not need

Ilim this evening; I can dress myself
for once.

  "My dear Henry/’ turning to me, ‘’I
trust you will lack for nothing. 1 am
only sorry chat our abominable express
service deprives you of your wardrobe
for the night. But no matter; we are
alone—and 1 believe that Junes has re-
cently purchased a new suit of evening
clothes which should fit you approxi-
mately. He has never worn them, so
you won't mind. 1 have a thousand
things to do; you will excuse my de-
serting you. We meet in half an hour,
at a dinner which. I promise you, can-
not be excelled in San Francisco.”

  In a maze, but conscious that there
was something more than curious about
this adventure. 1 followed the butler up
the stairs—seeing in every line oi his
rigid back his temper of disapprobation.
Beneath his eye I could have cringed,
for I knew that the fellow had seen
through mv masquerade, and it com-
forted me not at all to reflect that my
part in the affair had been, at worst,
merely negative.

  Yet—and this perplexed me not a
little—it seemed as if Benson avoided
my eye. At a door on the upper floor
he stood aside, deferential as you
please, and when I had passed through
shut the door between us.

   I found myself in a luxuriously fur-
nished sleeping-apartment. upon whose
hearth a fire of anthracite was blazing
comfortably behind twinkling brass
fender and fire-dogs. Still shivering in
my sodden clothes, I made haste to step
across and back up to this grateful
warmth.

  From here my gaze ranged the four
walls of the room and penetrated to a
farther closet, through whose half-open
door 1 caught a glimpse of a porcelain
bathtub and gleaming nickel fittings. A
four-poster, canopied, snowy counter-
pane half hidden by a quilt of eider-
down encased in silk, stood against the
side wall. Between the windows a
shaving-table stood arranged with im-
plements complete. The bureau-top
was strewn with bright silver combs

and brushes. Easy and inviting chairs
were disposed handily. A gentle and

diffused glow of electric light made the
room radiant.

The sense of comfort it all distilled
was inexpressible. 1 contemplated it

with a swelling heart. All this—and
more—had been mine once upon a time.

  The arrival of the valet, Jones, dis-
turbed a somber and covetous reverie
plunging me once again into a violent
discomfiture. But by no word or look
did the man—a perfectly trained serv-
ant. or I never knew one—betray his
understanding of my position in that
house. Apparently it was the most or-
dinary of occurrences for a palpable im-
postor to walk in at the front door and
make himself at home.

  Jones bore with him a steaming glass
upon a silver tray, which he offered
me. ‘"With Mr. Secretan’s compli-
ments, sir," he said, eyelids lowered;
“he said as how it would do vou good
after your wetting, sir.”

  The craving was strong upon me;
against my better judgment I yielded,
accepted and drained the dose of hot
brandy and water. It did me no good
upon my empty stomach. To the con- i
trary it radiated through my system like
molten flame, robbing me of every
vestige of self-respect and compunction.
Up to that moment, I protest, it had
been my purpose presently to declare
myself; I had been interested in and
much engaged by the adventure, and
more than a little allured by the
thought of food and warmth. But I
had determined not to let it proceed 1
further; confessions were already -
formulating in my mind—as such
things will in the minds of those who i
live by their pen.

  But now—1 submitted graciously to. j
the attentions of Jones; permitted my-W
self to be undressed, conveyed to a|ij
warm bath, wherein I wallowed joy-jfl
fully if in a daze, stood out. rubberM
down, and in a cozy dressing-gown was«
shaved, stepped without'a murmur intquJ
not only another man’s shoes, but int<*»|
his socks, his underwear, his shirt an«l.j
collar and evening clothes as well.

  In brief I became another man, whd-wj
SHADOW ‘REEF

93

Iy. The old life was cast into the dark
abyss of yesterdays, sloughed like the
skin of a snake. I saw myself vaguely,
an unreal semblance of a gentleman, in
a pier-glass, and like the old woman in
the nursery rhyme cried—to myself—
“Oh, this is never I!” Then graciously
accepted a handkerchief from Jones’
hand, tucked it of old habit into my
cult, and descended the stairs—I believe
with outward self-possession.

  Secretan was waiting for me on the
hearth-rug of what seemed to be half
a drawing, half a bachelor’s living-
room He, too, had changed to eve-
ning clothes, and—1 discovered with a
start—had screwed a monocle into his
chubby face. As I crossed to join him,
heavy curtains at one end of the room
were drawn aside, disclosing a table set
and splendid with glass and plate and
napery; and the butler announced din-
ner.

  Constraint held my tongue during the
first course; Secretan and I faced one
another like guilty things—for while
he ate he might not talk; and without
the salt of his eternal flow of language
the situation went ilat and tasteless.
But with the coming of the roast, and
an accompanying- draft of generous
Burgundy, I lost discretion altogether.
I gabbled. I know not what i said;
possibly it would be easier to catalogue
the topics upon which I failed to des-
cant.

  I remember that there was a mirror
on the opposite wall, behind Secretan’s
chair and inclined at such an angle that
it reflected my host’s back, the table, and
myself. Into this from time to time I
must have glanced; for of all that
evening—the dinner from the moment
my lips were unsealed by the wine is a
blank to me—I recall nothing but the
presentment of a man at meat, his face
flaming red above an expanse of snowy
shirt-front, his eyes wild—a man who
laughed and chattered and flourished
knife and fork and wolfed his food.
Shame Overwhelms me at the recollec-
tion ; for that man was myself, drunk, I
have heard, as a lord.

  If that is so, the nobility are a disso-
lute and disreputable set.

CHAPTER II.

THE MORNING -AFTER.

  A douche of cold water over my
head brought me suddenly to my
senses. I presume I must have been
sleeping with my mouth open—a bad
habit; in proof of which 1 got a mouth-
ful of brackish liquid which came near
to strangling me. Coughing and spitting.
I staggered to ray feet, and, the world
reeling under me, would have fallen
had not a hand, rough but not unkind-
ly, caught my shoulder and steadied
me. Whereupon 1 opened eyes on a
new world.

  I stood with difficulty upon the after-
deck, near the wheel, of a topsail
schooner of some hundred and fifty
tons. So much I learned later; but its
place is here. At the moment of my
awakening to realization of this fact,
the vessel was poised upon the foaming
crest of a gigantic comber; an instant
later she reeled in sickening fashion and
slid a mile or more—or so it seemed—
down toward the bottom of the sea;
yet, before it was loo late, apparently
plucked heart of desperation, steadied
herself with an assertive lurch, and be-
gan to negotiate the seemingly endless
ascent of another wave, whose snowy
ridge towered above us in imminent
and to me frightful menace.

  But nothing came of it. The schooner
gained the summit without mishap,
poised again in irresolute fashion, and
again shot down the incline, leaving
behind a smoking wake.

  My fears abated by the gallant be-
havior of the little craft. I turned to
get a more intimate knowledge of my
surroundings. For as yet my brain
swam and 1 had little actual comprehen-
sion of my position.

  Overhead hung* a sky of pellucid
blue, marked with long, windy stream-
ers of cloud as white as the canvas of
the schooner, out of which a flood of
sunlight fell like a shower of gold. The
air was keen and bracing, full of the
savor of salr, and a brisk wind twanged
the rigging with ungentle fingers,
eliciting clear and mournful aeolian
notes.
94

THE <P&PULA<R MAGAZINE

  Beside me on the deck stood a grin-
ning gentleman,of color with an empty,

dripping bucket in his hand; at first I
took him for a negro. Beyond him his
apparent twin stood at the wheel, sway-
ing gracefully as lie shined vlie spokes.
Before me, a white man of medium
height stood with feet wide, braced
against the motion of the vessel, blue
eyes twinkling- out of a good-humored,
bronzed countenance, hands thrust care-
lessly into the pockets of a pea-jacket.

  Forward, two more figures lounged
in the lee of the cook's galley, smo-
king.

  The man in the pea-jacket spoke.
“Yell be feci in betther ?” he inquired
in a brogue of depth and richness.

  The salt water that had roused me
so effectually was dripping into my
eyes. 1 dashed the hack of my hand
acres- them and faced him with a quiv-
ering assumption of defiance.

  ‘‘Where the devil am I ?” 1 demanded
—probably not >o coherently as 1 write
it. “What ship's this, and how' do I
come aboard her ?”

  “The Lt'ddy az> Qualityreturned
the Irishman, curtly enough. T thought,
and with a narrowing of the blue eyes:
“twelve hours out av Frisco—and it
ye’ll be wantin’ further information
ye’d betther step below and put thim
to the skipper—onless ye're minded to
modherate yer tone whin sp'akin' to
me.”

  “I've been shanghaied!” I cried, and
damned him.

  “Mebbe so: 'tis no affair av mine.
I’ll have ye know I’m mate of this
vessel, and I'll thank ye to kape yer
curses to yer self/’

  I was rapidly regaining mv poise by
now, and saw that 1 had made a mis-
take in rousing the man’s temper. In-
explicable as I found my position, it
bore scant resemblance to the tales of
shanghaied men that T had read.
Neither had I been assaulted, my teeth
knocked down my throat and my ribs
broken, nor was there any apparent
disposition to pick a fight with me on
the question of "sirring” the ship’s of-
ficers. I gulped and reconsidered.

  “If you're the mate, what am I?" I
demanded, less clearly than I intended.

  The Irishman, who had turned life
shoulder, swung about and looked me
up and down. "I’m hanged/* he said
at length, “if I know what ye are; Uit
what ye are not is plain enough, and
that's a gintilman. If ye’ve any more
damns t<* dbthribute, kape thim for
the skipper; I've >aid ye’ll find him in
the cabin.”

  He jerked a thumb toward the com-
panionway and showed me the breadth
of his back. Stupefied, 1 accepted dis-
missal with the hint, and staggered un-
steadily to the ladder. A moment l iter
1 stood below, staring at the face of
Mr. Dudley Secrelan and trying to
piece together the disjointed memories
evoked by the sight of it.

  As for that gentleman, he was seated
at the table, poring over a chart, an
open book at his elbow, a fountain pen
poised in his fingers. Upon my en-
trance he looked up, smiled genially, re-
moved the monocle, and swung al>out
in his chair. “I'm glad to see you look-
ing so well.” he greeted me precisely in
his mincing manner. He added: “Mr.
Locke.”

  “Locke!” I echoed in dismay. “IIow
did you know--’’

  “Pray be sealed. Mr. Locke.” Se-
cretan motioned me to a chair, into
which I sank helpless and distraught.
For a moment my erstwhile host—I
was already beginning to remember—
smiled upon me—or rather, beamed.

  Then, “You have no notion. I assure
you.” said he. “how many things you
can tell about yourself in a given space
of time, my dear fellow. I confess I
have rarely listened to so interesting a
tale—outside of book-covers—as that
which you unfolded at my table yes-
ternight. Interesting,” critically, "and
moving; I was quite carried out of my-
self, upon my word. Hut let me re-
assure you that your confidence will be
rigidly respected, so far as your past
history is concerned. I have, however,
taken the liberty of giving your true
name to the crew ; where we are bo md
it will never be connected with the un-
fortunate, but not—permit me—dis-
SHAVOW <REEF

  creditable circumstances you have re-
  counted.”

    He ceased with a little bow - and
  courteously waited for my response. I
  fear it was long in coming. A glow of
  sympathetic interest and mild satisfac-
  tion suffused his childlike countenance.
  I sat with drooping jaw, staring, Hush-
  ing with shame when I remembered
  the circumstances under which I had
  made this man my confidant, who
  twenty-four hours before had been a
  stranger to me.

    Ar length, "I'm afraid 1 do not un-
  derstand." said I slowly. “You meet
  me in the street, a homeless wanderer;
  you pretend to recognize in me a friend
  and take me to your home; you dose
  me with brandy and wine—a potent
  mixture to a stomach for long accus-
  tomed to little beyond water and bread ;
  you stupefy me with drink and carry
  me out to sea aboard a vessel, upon a
  voyage. I do not understand this,” 1

: repeated helplessly. “Be good enough
  to explain, or else turn back and leave
  me where you found me.”

    “I should be reluctant to lose you ;
  but if you insist, after hearing my ex-
  planation, I shall do so. There is no
  disposition to detain you aboard the
  Lady of Quality without your consent.”
  “Then in God's name,” I cried, “tell
  me what this means!”

    “Pardon me; I but sought the proper
  form of words. You have my name; I

I have never worn another—I mean no
  offense, my dear sir. I believe myself

3	to be a strangely unpractical creature,
  full of whims and crankisms.”

    ‘‘1 can believe that,” I interpolated.
    “You have already had a taste of my

•	quality,” he assented, unruffled. “What-

1 ever fortune was once mine has been

■	dissipated this way and that—I admit
  that 1 hardly know whither it has flown,

■	nor how I managed to speed its flight.
  The fact remains—as I discovered not

i a mouth ago that it is gone—vanished

•	altogether. T ask you to conceive of
  my sensations when I found myself, a

r man of middle age and settled indo-
  lence, with an unpardonable distaste for
  manual labor in any form. What was
  I to do?”

95

  In spite of his affected vi&ys of
speech, his quaint mannerisms, diis
strange little body was affecting me
with a curious magnetism. Indignant
and at a loss as, I was, 1 found xnvself
lending his stilted phrases a sympa-
thetic ear. Assured of this by my atti-
tude for Secrftan was shrewd enough,
when he chose to exercise that quality
—he proceeded, gradually warming to
his account.

      as I to turn clerk and slave over
ledgers that I did not understand?
Could I go into the streets and earn a
livelihood wielding a pick and spade?
Should I husband the scant remnant of
my resources and attempt to eke out a
living by the sale of my pictures—
which had long ago demonstrated to
my entire satisfaction that they com-
manded no earthly market? I put the
situation to you as a man of experience.
Then opportunity came my way—the
present opportunity.”

  lie waved a comprehensive hand at
the bare, painted walls of the cabin. "I
happened one day to pick up a paper;
my eye fell upon the column devoted to
nautical news and advertisements: I
saw a schooner advertised for sale at a
moderate figure. The means at my
command were ample to purchase the
schooner, refit her, and leave me a
margin at my bankers which, insignifi-
cant as it may have seemed in other
days, proves comfortable enough to a
small ship-owner.

  “I made inquiries: I met the former
captain and owner of this vessel. He
was retiring to a life of market-garden-
ing, with a competence amassed by
trade among the islands of the S- nth
Seas. We struck a bargain ; 1 became
owner of the Lady of Quality and mas-
ter not only of her fortunes but of my
own. There is a living to be picked up
by island trading: I ask no more than
that atid an opportunity to indulge my
foibles-—to read my favorite books and
execute the horrible daubs which you
will be asked to pass upon—if you con-
clude to stay with me.”

  He was in deadly earnest: I could
have laughed in his face for the lov-
able solemnity of his expression, but
96

THE <PO<PULA<R. MAGAZINE

rcfraii&d from interruption. He prat-
tler! on, unfolding his childish scheme
with the gravity of a judge delivering
judgment, yet with a> 1 elusive and ap-
pealing touch, now and again, as
though he yearned /or approbation.

  “I sold my house and it> furniture,
severed every tic which bound me to my
birthplace—they were few enough—
and prepared to embark. At the last
moment I discovered an appalling de-
fect in my plans.” tie paused.

  "And that was?” 1 encouraged him.

  "Mr. Locke. I have been all my days
a lonely man, yet racked by hunger for
human companionship. Upon this ven-
ture i wa- sure to find it of a sort; one
cannot hold aloof from it, if one would,
when hemmed in by the walls of a ship.
But the sort was not to my liking;
Mr. Brannan, the mate, is a sterling
character. 1 am convinced, yet hardly
of the order of intelligence that appeals
to me. 1 determined that I must have
one of my own sort as a companion.
The problem confronted me of now to
get him.

  “I dare say you will ridicule the
means I finally adopted; you already
know them. I was acquainted with no
one likely to fall in with my proposi-
tion : I had to seek such a person in the
ranks of—of-”

  “Of the failures.”

  ’‘Thartk you—though,” he deprecated,
“the term rings a trifle harsh. How-
ever. I sought diligently for a while in
the lower ranks, but without success.
Those who offered themselves were
self-seeking, or of criminal instinct,
or embittered and unsociable—I found
a hundred faults with each. Then, in a
moment of despair. I chanced upon
you; a man plainly of birth and breed-
ing, at odds with fortune through, it
might prove, no fault of your own.

  “The rest you know, in the main.
My arrangements were all made, my
servants accustomed to what you and
they doubtless consider mv freaks of
madness; for it had been my habit to
subject each candidate to a test similar
to yours. If he behaved himself at
table, if he wore his clothes lil*; a man
who had worn them before, showed

himself acquainted with the niceties of
ordinary social intercourse—it was so
many points in his favor.

  "So, deliberately I abducted von. as
deliberately planned to intoxicate you;

I am a firm believer in the wisdom of
the old saw tliat there is truth in the
wine-cup; a man's true nature then
comes to the surface. You alone of
many survived the critical ordeal."

  *'1 am complimented,” I said, with a
forced laugh.

  “While you slept,” Secretan con-
tinued without heeding, ”T had you
transferred to the Lady of Quality. By
one this morning we had weighed
anchor—I believe that is the term. It
was my purpose to explain this to you
earlier in the day and make you my
offer; if you declined, to return and t t
you ashore. But you proved so sound
a sleeper, my dear fellow, that it seemed
at length advisable to waken you b\ the
heroic methods advised by Mr. Bran-
nan.

  “One moment, and I am done with
your patience. 1 offer you a com-
fortable living aboard a stanch craft;
an opportunity to travel in what 1 am
assured is held an earthly paradise;
regular wages as supercargo, whose
duties you will assume; and a one-
fourth share of the profits of each voy-
age. What do you say?”

  There was no need to think it over ;
no single tie bound me to my country;
I do not propose to weary you with de-
tails, but the land was not dear to me.
I looked into the rubicund, moonlike
countenance of this singular creature,
caught the plaintively anxious expres-
sion of his magnified eye-; and impul-
sively offered him my hand.

  “I could have no other answer than
yes. under the circumstances.” I told
him. "You offer me everything it) ex-
change for nothing. 1 should warn
you that you are talcing chances; you
have raked a bundle ot human flotsam
out of a teeming gutter of life, and
you have no certificate that it will prove
wholesome.”	,

  “I am content to run the risk, he re-
plied, beaming as he gripped my fin-
gers across the table. “I may as well
SHmhjOW ‘REEF

warn you at the outset that it is one
of my pet hallucinations, to fancy my-
self as a judge of character. And I
am rarely wrong.”

  In such wise Fortune came to me,
disguised as Dudley Secretan.

CHAPTER III.

WE COME TO SHADOW REEF.

  To this point in my narrative I have
confined myself to the detailing, some-
what minutely and, I fear, tediously,
the strange chain of circumstances
which led to my association with this
peculiar character, Dudley Secretan. I
find myself now confronted with a
problem of greater proportions, one al-
ways perplexing to a man of letters—
that of exact elimination.

  For it is one of the secrets of success
in my trade—I have 110 hesitation in
betraying it to a breathless world of
inky amateurs; it is, perhaps, the one
morsel of useful knowledge that I pur-
chased at the bitter price of experience,
in my long and unhappy term of bond-
age as slave of the midnight lamp—
the knowledge of what not to tell in
your study of Life.

  The voyage of the Lady of Quality
to me is a book of romance, whose il-
luminated pages are the glowing days
and scented nights, whose text is made
up of an intricate and interentangled
series of incidents, insignificant in them-
selves but infinitely entrancing to one
who lived and had his being in their
procession; a volume wherein I, un-
tiring, read—a thousand-and-one things
with which I may not weary you.

  That out of their agglomeration
grew the story of Shadow Reef is be-
side the point. I often muse over this
and that memory of our outward voy-
age and wonder would I have this tale
to tell had I not, say, 011 a particular
morning happened to cut myself while
shaving, and so delayed the shore-
bound boat at Honolulu, and in such
wise started an endless chain of trivial
events.

  But we are impatient for the story,
both eager to set foot on Shadow Reef;
7

the leisurely pen of reminiscence must
be laid aside in favor of a more lively
implement.

  Yet certain men and things must not
be slighted, since they belong to the
work on the Reef. The Lady of Qual-
ity demands for herself a place; a
stanch and able craft, roomy enough
for our small company, comfortable,
cleanly, swift, and able—I have it on
Brannan's enthusiastic authority—to
sail a point closer to the wind—what-
ever that may mean—than a mission-
ary.

  Brannan himself is worthy of a por-
trait of more just values than I have
hereinbefore painted of him. A sea-
man to his finger-tips, steady, conserva-
tive, daring in emergency; a prey to
periodical fits of deep melancholy which
nothing might avail to moderate; gen-
erous, swift to pass judgment upon his
fellow man—generally a judgment
which circumstances forced him to re-
verse, which he did with a good grace;
rabidly religious—he had been bred a
stanch Roman Catholic—by spasms—
which usually preceded a period of de-
pression ; unstable as water in the mat-
ter of his word, quick to promise and
slow to fulfil, a ready borrower and a
reluctant payer: master alike of his
craft and of a most amazing and far-
ranging vocabulary of blasphemy and
vituperation; a violent man, uncom-
monly expert in the use of, and free
with, his fists—there you have Mr.
John O’Shaughnessy Brannan, upon
whom devolved the navigation of the
Lady of Quality.

  For neither Secretan nor myself
made the slightest pretension to nautical
knowledge. Secretan, it is true, picked
up the rudiments of the art with sur-
prising quickness: and soon, relieving
the brown Kanaka seaman who had
first performed that duty, stood watch
and watch with Brannan, and acquit-
ted himself with credit in more than
one emergency.

  But for myself. I remained an igno-
ramus to the end of the chapter; and
so shall always be. The sea is my mis-
tress ; I will ever have none other; the
infatuation which she first awakened in
98

THE <POVULA<R MAGAZINE

me has passed into an abiding passion,
and I should starve away from her.
But of the art and mysteries practised
of those who traffic upon her trackless
domains, I have never gained an ink-
ling.

  And then Secretan- I were false

to the cardinal precepts of my calling
did 1 slight the presentment of this
man at sea, as opposed to the Seeretan
who had lifted me from the depths.

  He proved, on continued acquaint-
ance. the most singular character imag-
inable. Irresistible and fascinating al-
together. 1 toimd him, both as a study
and as a friend He early developed
an adaptiveness to circumstance and his
surroundings little short of amazing
in one who had managed to reach his
age—he was about thirty-five—and yet
retain much of the ingenuousness of
youth through consistently leading a
narrow and hermitlike existence.

  Ashore the most immaculate of well-
dressed men, lie soon learned to strike
from his limbs the shackles of a con-
ventionality which makes tailors’ dupes
and dummies of us all. I have seen
him come on board from a brief so-
journ in one of our island ports of-call,
lolling languidly in the stern of the
boat, his chubby person encased in a
stiff-bosomed shirt of dazzling white-
ness. carefully creased trousers of
snowy drill., a double-breasted blue-
serge coat without a wrinkle, white
canvas yachting-shoes upon his small
feet, about whose size he was inordi-
nately conceited, a priceless Panama
upon his head, monocle shining like a
pane of glass set in his cherubic pink
countenance.

  And an hour later behold the trans-
formation !

  The schooner is beating out to wind-
ward, close-hauled—the pilot long since
dropped. Secretan appears on deck to
relieve, or take command with, Bran-
nan, arrayed in smiles and suit of
shrunken pajamas, carpet-slippers on
his feet, an infamous brier in one cor-
ner of his mouth, a shapeless canvas
cap upon his head. It was his favorite
sea-going costume,

  I find I have omitted mention of the

monocle; for some inscrutable reason
he clung to this ornament with a fran-
tic devotion; it is inseparable from any
picture of the man. And this despite
the fact that it was utterly useless to |
him; when he wished to see he had to j
exchange monocle for common-sense
spectacles ; of whose uncommon magni-
fying power I have spoken.

   I think his most engaging character-
istic was a bubbling humor, unquench-
able. The man would madden you
with fault-finding—he had a feminine
quality of nagging, was old-maidish to
an insufferable degree about trifles such
as hanging your coat always on the
same peg—and then disarm your wrath
with a grin accompanied by a puerile
pun. 1 cannot defend his humor; it
was frequently moss-grown and not in-
frequently pedantic; it was the spirit
of it that proved both infectious and
captivating.

  He had a name for all of us. I en-
joyed the sobriquet of the “Lil'rv Fel-
ler.” Brannan was restive under the ,
title of ‘’Binnacle Bill," or of the “An-
cient Mariner”-—the case might be.;
The three Kanakas who, with the Chi-
nese cook, composed our crew, were
variously “Adonis,” “Ptarmigan," and t
“Davy Jones.” The cook he dubbed J
“Pitti Sing,” for two several reasons,]
which he gravely expounded ; first, he 1
wasn’t; second, he looked like a prize l
pug Secretan had once seen at a bcnch-
sliow. Himself Secretan called thej
‘‘Dabster.”

   The pseudonym recalls his pitiful dejj
votion to what he called his Art—the?
capital A being distinctly audible in;
his use of the word. For days at a time!
he would toil through the daylights
hours over huge, pitiful canvases—4
panoramas of sun and sea. of islan«B
and surf, of moonlight and lagoon, oqj
the piled drifts of the trade-wind cloud J
as they showed at noon; all horribl'effl
Laboriously lie would construct inhu-
man portraits of Brannan or myself of
one of the crew; which, after they ha<I
been suffered to make of the cabin i
chamber of horrors f^r a space, we'
would surreptitiously make way wit-tj
and consign to the deep; a primitive
SHA<DOW <REB'F

99

 form of criticism which he endured, or
 learned to endure, with equanimity.

  Not so his own unfitness for his
 i tasks; that maddened him. Indeed, to
 me, the saddest feature of it all was
 Secretan's complete appreciation of the
 worthlessness of his productions. Open-
 ly, at times, he would weep with rage
 over his failures. “If only I could paint
 it as 1 see it!" he w7ould wail.

  Yet he slaved on, sweating and
 swearing- at his self-inflicted drudgery;
 and, perhaps, derived some inscrutable
 comfort from this worship and study
 of the beauties of nature, which his
 brushes could not reproduce.

   Lastly, to say a word for myself; it
 developed that Secretan had done not
 unwisely in assigning to me the berth
 and duties of supercargo. Under pres-
 sure I presently discovered latent in
 my make-up a vein of business ability,
 theretofore quite unsuspected. This I
 confess with becoming humility, as
 something that were more consistently
 lacking*from the equipment of a Lit'ry
 Feller.

   For all that. I took, and take, to my-
 self some credit for the management
 of affairs, the driving of bargains, the
 mastery of those subtle laws of com-
 merce which make ventures such as
 ours profitable. Secretan, in fact, by
 degrees and not unwillingly surren-
 dered to my stewardship all such mat-
 ters.

   And we did not ill. The former own-
 er of the Lady of Quality had not de-
 ceived the prospective purchaser, in as-
 serting that there was a comfortable
 living to be gained from the Australa-
 sian trade. All things considered, we
 ■nnde out to our satisfaction ; and at a
 vear’s end the balance on the credit side
 ■>f our ledger was something which we
 i viewed with complacency.

   With which statement I am done with
 idiscursiveness. From this point we
 jhape a course direct to Shadow Reef.

   Destiny, in the shape of a Big Wind,
 ook us lo it. I recall that we were
 wenty days or so out of Sydney, after
 mr first visit to that port. Upon Bran-
 lan's solicitation—the man knew the
 -Islands like a printed book—and be-

   cause, for some reason, a profitable
 cargo was hard to get just then, we
 had stocked up with what is technically
 known as “trade”—a miscellaneous
 assortment of this-and-that, trinkets
 and cloths and oddments designed to
 please the unsophisticated eye of the
 Gilbert Islanders, but destined, as it
 turned out, never to come within a
 thousand miles of their habitat.

  It was toward the evening of the
twentieth day, we will say, that the
wind came out of the northwest, on
the heels of a spell of weather mild
and fine beyond anything in our expe-
rience. We lay somewhere to the
north of New Caledonia when the gale
caught us.

  By God’s mercy the Lady of Quality
lived through it. Shifting the seconil
day and blowing directly from the
southwest, the wind whipped us help-
lessly out of our course, into the east
and north, for a solid week. Day after
day the seas pursued iis. raging, while
the gale swept screaming beneath a sky
like a roof of slate; day after day, hun-
gry. exhausted, and cold, we fought for
our lives upon a deck swept clean of
every movable bit of gear, and. more
often than not. knee and waist-deep
with water. On the third day two of
the Kanakas were washed overboard.

  I have heard it said that waves never
run more than fifty feet in height. Pos-
sibly. But judging from my own im-
pressions I should say that a hundred
and fifty were nearer the mark. For
seven days I saw such walls of green
rear up behind the little schooner, their
riven crests milk-white against the
sky’s dirty blue, hanging twice and
thrice the height of our mast. Or so
they.seemed. I have dreamed of them
since, and wakened with the same clutch
at my heart, the same catch at my
breath, as I was used to know when
waiting for those terrific combers to
fall upon, to crush, and drive us shat-
tered to the bottom of the sea.

  Somehow they never did; somehow
we won through. Toward noon of the
seventh day the violence of the gale
abated, and" Brannan, going by dead-
reckoning, was encouraged to set more
100	THE <PO<PULA‘R MAGAZINE

sail and strive to bring: the schooner
around toward the north. I dare say
we were a couple of thousand miles
off our course; and since we had been
unable to take the sun for a week, our
position was naturally not only un-
known but a matter of anxiety to us
all.

  But still the sea raged; and spent
and weary as we were, there was no
rest for us. We fought all through
the night, comforted only by the fact
that the wind was steadily lessening in
volume. Toward morning, indeed, it
had died to the merest whisper of a
breeze, and the sky above us was clear
and shining. Whereupon Brannan,
with a sagacious eye toward the stars,
swore, and wore a face of trouble.

  The seas abated rapidly from then
on: at noon Brannan took observations
and confirmed our worst fears. Ap-
proximately—I have no wish to be
more definite, for'reasons that will ap-
pear—our position was: longitude, 125
West; latitude, 15 South! We had
been blown clear of the Islands; of
which the nearest now were the Mar-
quesas and the Paumotus, behind us
many hundreds of miles.

  We held a council of war in the cabin,
over an admiralty chart, upon which
Brannan had marked our position with
red ink. We were in deep waters, and
clear. All about 11s the chart was dis-
figured with a pox of soundings and
cabalistic abbreviations, the least depth
noted being 2475 £}' Gt os. I remem-
ber having my wonder excited and ask-
ing for an explanation of these hiero-
glyphics. To which Brannan replied
shortly: “Two thousand, four hundred
and seventy-five fathoms. Bottom,
gray globigerina ooze.”

  I glanced at him surprised, for his
manner was unusually impatient, his
tone curt, his face when I saw it long
and dark.

  “What’s the trouble?” I asked.

  “Faith!” he cricd. “Trouble and
enough! Here we arre, the diwle av
a ways from anywhere, short-handed,
and with a damaged vessel.”

  “Damaged ?”

  “Just that. Did ye think we could

weather a storm like thot without suf-
fering for our salvation?” His tone was,
witheringly scornful: Brannan never
forgave me my misfortune, that I could
not master the elements of seamanship
1 murmured something deprecatory;
with which for an opening Brannan
caustically informed me much that I
already knew1—that we had lost the
foretopsail and with it topmast and
gaff, that both boats were useless
stove in by the pounding seas, and that
Adonis and Davy Jones were drowned*
adding something which I had noi
known and which gave even Secretan
a start—that the Lady of Quality had
sprung a leak and was taking in water
if not rapidly, in quantity enough to fcn
disquieting.

  Upon receipt of this intelligence, Se-i
Cretan, who had been lolling over the
chart, studying it with troubled eyes
beneath a wrinkled brow, looked up, hi;
glasses flashing blankly in the sunlight
that fell through the companionway
and observed mildly: "Bless my soul!'

  “Aw, sure,” Brannan hedged in-
stantly—he had ever a softer spot ir
his heart for the owner than for th<
supercargo—“ ’tis nothing beyont
mending. I doubt not we'll pull through
but ’tis meself would be happier wit!
land nearer at hand, a poort where w
c'u’d put in to refit. Come anothe
blow, the half av what we’ve had, an<
’twill be a toss-up with the Lcddy os
Quality

  “But this leak—when did you dis
cover it?"

  “This marning. ’Tis nothing t<
sweat about; if she gains no more that!
at present, a couple av hours at tba
pumps night and marning will clea*
the well. But manewhile we’re short*
handed, and ’tis meself has no taste tofi
work at the pumps—nor will yersilvesl
wance ye’ve thried ut.v

  Secretan turned back to the char®
“And the nearest land?” he inquired. 1
Brannan peered over his shoulder
“Dominica in the Marquesas,” he re
plied glumly. “With luck and fai
winds, we may make ut. And thit

again-”

  His broken sentence was eloquent
SHADOW REEF

10!

 There fell a silence in the cabin, ended,
 at length, by Secretan.

  “What’s this?” he demanded, a
 stubby forefinger on the chart.

   Again Brannan bent over the own-
 er’s shoulder. “ ‘Shadder or False
 Reef,' " he read aloud. “ ‘Breakers re-
 ported eighty-eight. Searched for
 ninety-six be his majesty's ship Swal-
 lozv. Not found.’ ”

   “And how far will that be from our
 present position ?”

   “Fifty miles or more. Pwhy d’ye
 ask? Pwhat use is the shadder av a
 reef to the likes av us? “Searrelied for
 and not found’—isn’t tlict enough for

 yeV\

   "Not altogether, said Secretan quiet-
 ly. He continued to hold his index-fin-
 ger on the spot, and I, too, leaned
 across the table, to pick out the infor-
 mation in the admiralty’s italics, stream-
 ing off like a pennon from a little,
 faintly marked circle in the maze of
 soundings. Truly enough, it seemed
 to me, the reef could not be far from
 the Lady of Quality; and I gathered
 what Secretan presently explained, that
 his thought was to take the schooner
 there and, in the shelter of the prob-
 able island, anchor and refit to the best
 of our ability.

   “Moreover,” he concluded his ex-
 planation, “if the leak’s to gain on us,
 and considering that we have no sea-
 worthy boats, it will be as well to be
 within reach of land/’

   “But if there is no land?” Brannan
 objected.

   “Drowning men.” I contributed my
 sententious platitude, “clutch at straws.”
 “Or _ shadders,” commented Bran-
 nan grimly. “But we’re not be way
 av drrowning, just yet. To me way av
 1 thinking, ’tis a clear waste av time to
 go skallyhooting off looking for a reef
 —not so much as an island, mind ye—
 that a British ship made ut htr special
 business to hunt for and didn’t find.

   ‘'That’s John O'Shaughnessv Bran-
 nan, his mind. But ’tis yersilf’s the
 Owner, Misther Saycrctan. Give yer
 orders, and I’m yours to command.”
 f “Wait a bit,” I suggested. “Didn’t
 I see a copy of a red book, called ’Is-

 lands of the East Pacific,’ somewhere
 around ?”

  “Ye did thot.”

  “Why***woV- look it up there? If
there’s any other information about this

Shadow, or False, Reef-”

  ' ^ ^ l] ma^e the divvle av a fine sail-
or, yit," commented Brannan sarcas-
tically. However lie acted upon my
suggestion, and presently with Secretan
was poring over a broken-backed and
dog-eared copy of the admiralty pub-
lication in question—a legacy "to Se-
cretan from the former owner of the
Lady of Quality.

  “No intry,” Brannan announced, with
a note of triumph in his voice. “Pwhat
did I tell ye? There’s no such place.”
“And naturally enough,” amended
Secretan, closing the volume and in-
specting the back. ’’The work is of an
earlier date than the first report of the
breakers, according to the chart—
eighty-seven, in point of fact. I think”
—he leaned back in his chair and
beamed benevolently upon Brannan
and myself—“we’ll have a cast for
Shadow Island, just for luck.”

  “Well and good!’’ said the Irish-
man shortly. “I’m willing to be con-
vinced, but ’tis me prisint conviction
that this means no more than a few ex-
tra days at the pumps for all av us.
Ye’ll find nothing there—beyond, at
most, a coral reef showing above wather
at low tide.”

  With that he turned on his heel and
left the cabin, delivering a parting shot
in the shape of a grumbled regret that
he had ever shipped with two “ignerunt
landsmin.”

  Secretan’s eyes met mine, and we
both smiled quietly; we were well ac-
climated to the Irishman’s temper, not
in the least disturbed by his half-
feigned disgust.

  To cut the matter short, crippled as
she was, the Lady of Quality, assisted
by a fair but dying breeze, raised an
island out of the South Pacific a little
before noon of the following day. This
somewhat to Brannan’s disgruntlement,
who made it an occasion for a tirade
directed at the heads of an unconscious
and, no doubt, complacent British ad-
102

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

iniralty, its hydrographic office, and the
men and officers of //. M. S. Swuliow.

  “There she bulks !‘‘ be exclaimed, as
the configuration of a low, wooded
knoll surrounded by a white flashing
line of surf, came into view. “As large
as life and steady as a rock—and barely
charted! I'm wondering how long the
officers of that Swaflozv looked for m,
that they didn’t find lit. Faith, a
healthy lot av navigators they must’ve
been! Me sowl!’* He spat with dis-
gust.

  As for Secretan and myself, we were
entirely too pleased with the success of
the owner's plan to crow over the Irish-
man. We had worked two spells at the
pumps, with Ptarmigan and Pitti Sing
lifting ant! sagging opposite us on the
other arm. and our backs were broken,
our hands blistered, our arms and legs
stiff beyond belief. We had scant ap-
petite for a voyage of indeterminate
len ’th punctuated by such exercise at
regular intervals.

  Moreover, the sight of land is al-
ways welcome to the seafarer, more es-
pecially to those who have endured days
of violent storm and strain, as had sve.
The four of us, Ptarmigan the Kanaka.
Pitti Sing the cook, Secretan and I,
leaving Brannan at the wheel, clustered
forward, greeting each new feature of
the island with phrases of delight, as
they unfolded and were made dear to
cur eyes with the onward progress of
the schooner.

  Slowly enough—I have said that the
breeze was falling—we approached; and
the nearer we drew the more unani-
mous was our subscription to the gen-
eral verdict voiced by Secretan: “Noth-
ing shadowy about this island!”

  There was first of all the coral reef,
a natural circle—so far as we could as-
certain. perhaps four miles in diameter,
enclosing a wide and placid sheet of
water, in whose center rose the island
proper. The latter, I should say, was
two miles in length, from tip to tip, as
we viewed it; by its tumbled profile,
probably of volcanic origin; with a
wooded hill rising perhaps two hundred
feet at its eastern extremity, and a sec-
t id, somewhat lower, near the center.

From ibis middle hill the ground
sloped sharply westward, ending in
lowlands and a broad and shining
crescent of sandy beach.

  “The very place for us !*’ Secretan de-
clared, with bubbling enthusiasm.
“There will undoubtedly be an entrance
to that lagoon, and once inside we can
anchor and refit, find and slop lhat leak
at our convenience—and the weather,”
he added forcibly, “be damned !°

  •'It can’t come too soon,’’ I told him.
“For my part I'm entirely willing to
stretch my legs ashore again."

  “If this breeze holds,” he returned,
“you'll have the chance before night-
fall."

  And even as he spoke the wind fell
and died without a sigh. With flapping
sails and slack sheets the Lady of j ;
Quality lost momentum and rolled* idly ;
upon a smooth and smiling sea, a pos- I
sible five miles from Shadow Reef— ;
near enough, in fact, for the thunder j!
of the surf upon the natural breakwa- jj
ter to be distinctly audible in the great |j
stillness that brooded.

  In that dead calm, the sea smoothed I
itself out in a space of time incredibly 1
brief. By six bells of the afternoon I
watch we floated upon a surface like
plate glass, broken only by the distant |
line of white where the lazy swells fc]
broke upon the barrier reef. Overhead j|
the sky was cloudless and deep, and in Ip]
the sea swam the reflections of a thou- H
sand coppery suns, dazzling.

  The heat grew all but intolerable ; we 3|
cast longing glances at the cool green jl
slopes of the island as we loitered about ]j
the blistering deck, following the fickle II
shadow of the mainsail as it swung■
from port to starboard and back again, Jj
with the rolling of the hulk.

  In the course of the slow hours the (j
silence became intense, the thunder of jj
the surf stilling to a low murmur, the I
ship resting soundless save for the all ]
but inaudible lap and murmur of the |
waters beneath the quarters, the slow*
whining of an ungreased block or the I
more penetrating creak of the shifting I
boom. Toward evening, as the sun de- |
dined, a harsh sound arose upon the 4)
quietness; the clank-dank of the pumpsJJ
SHA<DOW REEF

103

as we, tn sweltering agony, worked out
the second half of our daily stint; and
with it were the gurgle and splash of
the bilge that streamed across the decks
and vomited from the scuppers in
miniature waterfalls.

CHAPTER IV.
a crV in the night.

  Exhaustion, in the natural course,
followed such exertion. Too spent for
words, we staggered from the pumps
and threw our weary bodies at length
upon the deck. Night fell as we lay
there, lacking even ambition enough to
eat. I think I must have passed into
a sort of stupor, for it was four bells
—ten o’clock—before I again realized
the world.

 Brannan was shaking me by the
shoulder. “Here, me bye,” I heard him
say, “up with ye! ’Tis not good for
ye to be lying there with the moonlight
beating down on yer face—or so I’ve
heard—in this climate. Come now.’'

  I rose, yawning, rubbing my eyes;
and conscious of a pang of thirst,
lurched down the ladder to the cabin.
Secretan was there, his round fat head
shining with perspiration as be stewed
over the contents of a battered old des-
patch-box, wherein as I knew he kept
the ship’s papers and other more per-
sonal matters.

  The kerosene-lamp swung in its gim-
bals above the table, foul and smoky,
as good as any stove in those close
walls. The atmosphere reeked of
burning oil; and I remember wonder-
ing dimly why Secretan chose that place
and time for his business—whatever
that might be. But I was too stupid
to give the matter much thought; and
after pouring a bottle of warmish soda
over a stiffish dose of brandy, and swal-
lowing the mixture, found my pipe, to-
bacco and matches, and returned to the
deck.

  1 he calm held breathless, and the
world was very quiet and bright. The
moon was high and near its full; the
decks shone like silver and were sten-
ciled black by the sharp shadows of

sail and mast and cordage. The white
canvas of the mainsail glowed lustrous,
almost opalescent, and even its shad-
owed side was luminous. A broad ave-
nue of orange light rested all but mo-
tionless on the waters stretching nearly
to the horizon, which was obscured
with haze. Within this misty girder the
sea lay desolate, save for the Lady of
Quality and, over the quarter, the stark
black shape of Shadow Reef.

  Brannan was seated on the deck, his
back to the binnacle, smoking and play-
ing-, with a deck of dirty and ragged
cards, an interminable game of soli-
taire ; an occupation which he seemed
to find fascinating. I never investiga-
ted its mysteries, but got the impres-
sion that he had learned the game in
some gambling-den in Hongkong. It
must have been profitable to the house,
if the latter backed the cards against
the player; for to 1113- knowledge, in all
the period of our acquaintance, Bran-
nan never succeeded in solving the
puzzle.

  I stood for a space at the rail, watch-
ing the island, and then, impressed that
we were somewhat nearer it than when
the calm had fallen, turned to the
Irishman with an observation to that
effect.

  He nodded confirmation. “Yiss,” he
said, without removing pipe from
mouth, or eyes from cards; “there's a
bit of a current runs eastward around
the reef, I judge—nothing to worry
about.”

  “No danger of casting us up on the
reef ?”

  “Divvle the bit. Besides, we’ll have
a hatful of wind before it could come
to thot, or I’m mistaken. There are
squalls off to no'th’ard."

  As he spoke a low growl of thun-
der was audible; and looking in the
direction indicated I became aware of
a faint rose-colored glow just visible
above the horizon, now waxing, now
waning—the play of lightning re-
flected from a distant electric storm.

  “Well,” I sighed. *'it can't come too
soon to suit me. I'm sick of those
pumps.”

  “We’ll be in the lagoon be sunup;
104

THE VO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

I've marked the opening, off there to
eastward, and if we don’t run on a
coral needle we'll be ashore at dawn,
or shortly after/’

  As I sat myself down by the Irish-
man's side, taking a deal of comfort
from my pipe and the attendant sense
of peace and rest—for my slumber and
the drink had refreshed me consider-
ably—1 heard Secretan snap the lock
of his despatch-box, and scrape his
chair across the floor as he got tip from
the table. A moment later, lie appeared
on deck, moist but cheerful.

  “Hello!” he greeted us. "And a fine
still night, if ever one was! Was that
thunder I heard just now?"

  We assured him that it was.

  “I didn't know—might have been
Brannan grumbling, you know.”

  “Don’t pay any attention to him,"
said the Irishman in an audible aside to
me. “ 'Tis facetious he is, and if we
give him any encouragemint, ’tis worse
he’ll be. Moreover, 'tis too hot to
laugli/’

  “All right," Secretan chimed in. “You
don't have to. I came on deck to talk
business with you chaps—seriously
now.”

  He squatted down before us and ex-
tracted a sodden gurgle from his
abominable brier, schooling his coun-
tenance to a semblance of preternatural,
childish wisdom.

  “Did I ever tell you-"

  “Yes," quoth Brannan, shuffling the
cards. “Ye've told us all."

  “Oh, cut it. I'm in earnest. I don’t

believe I ever told you the truth-’

  “Shurc, and don’t ivc know that?"

  “-as to my late lamented uncle."

  “I never knew you had one," I inter-
posed lazily. “When was lie hanged?"

  Secretan chuckled. “He wasn't, but
from all I can learn about him, he
should have been. If it hadn’t been for
him, I don’t believe 1 should have been
so keen about the South Seas; it was
his legacy to me that put this business
into my mind—that, and the advertise-
ment I’ve told you about."

  “So ye have," said Brannan solemn-
ly.

  "Go on and tell us about it,” I en-
couraged Secretan.

  I* rom all accounts my late lamented
uncle was an old rip-one of these
chaps that runs away to sea as a boy,
falls into bad company, and—all that,
lie spent several years in these regions,
a contemporary and associate of the no-
torious Captain Bully Hayes—or so
they say. At all events he came home
with a small fortnne, chiefly in pearls,
and drank himself to death on the pro-
ceeds. That’s all. I know about my
uncle, except that he died intestate;
and as I was the only kin he had, all
his effects and debts came to me. I
settled up his bills, charged his mem-
ory with $103.85, and kept his papers as
curiosities.

  “Now,” continued Secretan earnestly,
“when it came time for me to break up
my happy little home, I happened to
come across an old wallet of his that
had been conveyed to me by his sor-
rowing creditors. In it, among other
junk, I found this memorandum. And
that is why I was so set on looking up
Shadow Reef."

  While he talked, Secretan had been
smoothing out a bit of paper in his
hands. Now he handed it to me. with
a “What do you make of that ?”

  I held it up to the moonlight—which
was quite strong enough to read by—
and saw that the paper was apparently
half of the fly-leaf of some old book.
Near its ragged lower edge, on one
side, was the signature (which I read
aloud) of

George Vaughan Secretan

penned in a firm, bold hand.

  “That was my uncle’s right name,”
explained Secretan. "But down here,
I’ve heard, he chose to call himself

George Grimes-"

  “Not Grimes the pearl pirate? Bran-
nan interrupted, lifting his head and
putting solitaire aside for the nonce
plainly more than a little interested.

  Secretan grimaced but admitted that
such, he believed, was his "dear uncles
fame and incognito."

  “Look on the other side of the pa-
per, Locke," he added.
SHA<DOW REEF

  I obeyed and found that the same
hand had written—apparently at a lapse
of years, for the characters were feebler
and the ink less faded—the two words:

False Island.

   Below them were two lines of figures,
 three groups to a line, evidently the lati-
 tude and longitude of the island: fig-
 ures which I here suppress for reasons
 that, as I have said, will bccome obvi-
 ous.

  Otherwise the paper contained a
short statement, following the above:

   Only safe channel N. W. opening to
lagoon. All others dangerous.

  “Now,” said Secretan, when I had
read this aloud, a clang of triumph in
his voice, “tell us the probable location
of Shadow, or False, Reef, or Island,
if you prefer, please, Mr. Brannan/'

< “I couldn’t hit it closer than yer
uncle,” announced Brannan soberly,
“barring I take observations with the
hog-yoke to-morrow. ’Tis dear,” he
i added, “what ye're driving at.”

   “And that is ?” I asked, interested
; enough by this time, you may believe.
“Uncle George didn't keep this
memorandum for old sake's sake,” said
Secretan. “It seems patent that he had
a purpose.”

  “Oh!” enlightenment coming to me.
“Buried treasure?”

   “Locke," said Secretan gently, “your
 imagination is at times singularly
 primitive and conventional.”

  “The man’s been reading ‘Treasure
j Island,’ ” remarked Brannan. “His
moind’s poisoned—such as it is. Listen
to me, and I'll give ye a few details av
the loife and adventures of Captain
! George Grimes.”

   “Fire away,” said I.

   ‘‘I would stipulate,” suggested Secre-
 tan mildly, “a certain amount of re-
 i spect for my poor uncle’s memory.”

I “As your uncle, me dearr sirr,”

1 Brannan chuckled, “he was a foine man.

I But as Captain Grimes, he was a
domned scoundrel, and I’ve heard tell
of the toime when the pearl patrol
would have given their heads for his—
or nearly so. They wanted him bad,

105

but he was a slippery customer, and
knew these islands like a book. They
say no mon knew thim betther; there
was not a protected reef from Bur-
mah east that he hadn't taken toll av,
giner’ly under the very noses av the
patrol.

  “But in the ind they made the seas
hot even for himself, and with thot he
up and disappeared, and niver sight nor
sound av him was seen or heard for
the matter of three years. At the ind
av which toime he was picked up near
Honolulu, in an open boat, all alone,
half dead av thirst and starvation, with
a bag av pearls as big as your head and
a tale av shipwreck as long as your arm
—and much less substantial.”

  “All of which goes to show?” I en-
couraged Brannan as he exhibited signs
of running down.

  “That Misther Secretan’s uncle—
peace to his bones—had discovered a
private pearl reef, all of his own,
worked it until tired, and then some-
how managed to lose his associates, get
picked up, and kape his saycret. I've
been tokl that a syndicate av pearlers
sint raypresintitives from Sydney to
San Francisco to interview old man
Grimes and buy from him the location
of his reef—’twas a small forchune they
offered him, and a third profits into the
bargain. But he laughed at thim, and
said they'd made it all up out of their
heads.

  “Mebbe they had—mebbe not. But
be this,” and he struck the paper in my
hand, “and be thot,” indicating the is-
land, “I’d be willing to make a small
bet at decent odds that we’ve stumbled

upon the very spot. And if so-”

  He got suddenly to his feet, and I
could see that the man’s face was
flushed, his eyes glittering, his sturdy
frame atremble with excitement.

  “If so,” he said, in a tense tone,
“we’re on the threshold av our immortal
fortunes.”

  “Or Secretan’s,” I cut in brutally.
“Not so!” interrupted the little man.
“Don’t misjudge me, gentlemen. If
Shadow Reef be indeed what Brannan
suspects—and my inclination is to
agree with him—Fate has been instru-
106

THE VO'PULA<R MAGAZINE

mental in sending us three to it—for I
never should have found it save by this
accident—and—and if Brannan'*s right,
and there are pearl-oysters in the la-
goon yonder, we'll share and share
alike.”*

  "Spoken like a man!” Brannan de-
clared. ‘'I ike a ginerotis gimleman. But

then-" The emhuM:x>m pas?ed out

of his manner: he fell thoughtful and
disturbed.

  “But what?” inquired Secretan.

  “I’m wondering if be any chance yer
sainted uncle could have failed to make
a thorough job av his-—sliall we say
av the disphosal av his companions?
I'm wondering, too, if no one else has
stumbled across this Shadder Reef, be
accident, all these years. If there’s been
any wan before us, there'll be little
profit in the business—me worrd for
thotr

  “I think," said Secretan precisely,
“that, all other circumstances consid-
ered, it is extremely unlikely that the
island is inhabited, or even known to
living man other than ourselves. You
forget that the seas here arc supposed
to be clear, save for the spot where
breakers were reported nearly twenty
years ago: and the Swallow-"

  It is easy enough to surmise what he
was on the point of saying about the
Swallow; but he never concluded his
sentence; the interruption wiped his
lips clean of speech.

  It was a cry ringing clear and shrill
out of the strained stillness of that
night—a human voice, you would have
said; the wail of a man in mortal
stress, inarticulate and terrible. Sud-
denly and unexpectedly it came, and
only once it sounded, an agonized
scream at first, passing into a wavering
and broken moan at its fall.

  You can figure for yourself the ef-
fect upon us who, even in our excite-
ment, had schooled our voices to little
more than whispers, in unconscious
tribute to the still and solemn grandeur
of the night; who were habited to the
thought that, saving the Kanaka and
the Chinaman asleep in the forecastle,
no human beings other than our three
selves existed within a radius of five

hundred miles, upon those desert and
lonely seas.

  A thunderbolt out of'the blue had
not been more strange and terrifying. '
For myself. 1 am least of all a super-
stitious man, yet have no hesitation in
admitting that my blood chilled, my
skin crept, a pricking stirred at the
roots of my hair. While as fur Bran-
nan and Secretan, 1 can see them now,
hanging breathless upon the quaver and
fall of that uncanny shriek, and, when !
it had gone, leaving in its place a [I;
soundless void infinitely more disturb-
ing than it had been before, standing
motionless, with ashen faces and ques-
tioning eyes.

  Brannan it was who first moved and I
spoke. Me crossed himself instinctive- jj
ly, and his lips moved for a bit without
sound before words came.

  “Mither av mercy!” he cried, his j
brogue richer than ever. "And pwhat’s I

thotr.

  Iiis voice brought us out of our j
stupefaction. Secretan and I scrambled I
to our l'cet and, with the Irishman, J
stood staring oil across the moon-smit-
ten waters, toward the island whence, J
it seemed to us, beyond doubt the sound ji
had emanated. It was, on a guess, a i
full minute before either of us thought
to answer.

  Then Secretan: “God knows!"

  "Aye, or the divvle!" cried Bran-j
nan roughly.

   "It must be some one in the island, in
distress—some one shipwrecked,” I
hazarded my tritely obvious specula- I
tion.

  “Naught av hiven or earth, me worrd
for thot!”

   “What then ?’’

  “God forgive me for belavin’ ut a
banshee-”

  Brannan caught my eye and smiled
in a sickly, shamefaccd fashion. \et
laboring under such strong emotion as
he was, it was easy to appreciate how
such a cry should work upon his super-
stitious Celtic spirit. I believe I was
little better, for the moment. Secretan, ;
of us three, was the first to resume out-
ward composure.
SHA<DOW REEF

107

  "Bosh !” he said, but without convic-
tion, removing his glasses and abstract-
ed!)'' wiping them on a corner of his
pajama jacket. “No such thing. Don't
let’s act like a trio of frightened chil-
dren. It must be as Locke savs.”

  “Aye!” cried Brannan, in a tremor
of contempt for my suggestion. “A
shipwrecked mariner, is ut ? Thin why
lias he not built a lire, or thried to at-
tract our attention before this? Since

noon we've lain here-”

  Against this reasoning Secretan
found no argument.

  “Yet on the chance of it, you might
give a Mhe suggested.

  “ ’Ti (.id I am to be hailing spiruts.
Thot was no human voice.”

  Brannan stepped to the rail, cupped
hands to mouth, and lifted up his voice
—and Brannan had a throat of brass
and lung of leather. “Aho-o-oy!” he
cried, and the bellow of it seemed to
shake the schooner. Yet in that heavy
silence his great voice rang flat.

  And there came no answer.

  The Irishman turned toward us
again, his face working, his mind plain-
ly dominated by superstitious dread.
“I’ll get the glasses,” he said in a
choked voice, and disappeared down the
companion-ladder. In a moment he
was back, binoculars in hand.

  “Take thim,” he told me, “and tell
me pwhat ye see.”

  I raised the glasses to my eyes, ad-
justed the focus, and out of the smudge
of ptrrples and blacks Shadow Reef
leaped clear upon the field of the lens.
Again and again I swept the visible
contour of the island, but saw nothing,
at length giving it up as a profitless em-
ployment and saying as much.

  “Ye see!” cried the Irishman, with a
thrill in his voice. “Marrk me worrds,
’twas a banshee keening the death av
one av us—shure death ’twill be if we
set foot upon that shore! ’

  “Oh, rot!” ejaculated Secretan.
“Come below and have a drink. It’s
dollars to doughnuts that it was some
bird or beast. Wait till to-morrow' and
I'll show you your banshee. And I say,
Brannan, don’t forget what my uncle
said about the open channel. That’s a
good thing to remember. Pearls are
pearls, and I can use my share of them,
if we get any, but I've no particular
anxiety to maroon myself, even in good
company, on this bit of land.”

  A thoroughly sensible little body he
was at times—Secretan ; and now he
kept up a continual flow of inconse-
quent chatter, meanwhile persuading
Brannan to accompany him to the cabin.
A generous brandy and soda put a new
light into tlie Irishman’s eyes; but by
tacit consent we avoided the subject of
that strange cry for the rest of the eve-
ning.

TO BE CONCLUDED IN JANUARY NUMBER.

PIGEONS CAN CARRY LIBRARIES

A PIGEON-FANCIER will tell you that in war-time the carrier-pigeon per-
forms wonders in the way of swift traveling and sure delivery of mes-
sages. But it is possible for pigeons to carry more than merely the brief
messages they usually do. They are able to carry quite nice little libraries.

    The secret of this seemingly impossible feat is microscopic photography.
The messages are first printed in ordinary type and then reduced by photographv
several hundred times. The photographs are taken on thin films, or policies of
collodion, each of which, though it is less than two inches square, can thus con-
tain 50.000 words.

    Of these pellicles a pigeon can easily carry a dozen without interfering with
its comfort or speed. But a pigeon has carried as much as three-quarters of an
ounce for a short distance. This weight would represent something like 800.000
messages, or 16.000,000 words, so that, under these conditions, it would be quite
possible for a pigeon to carry a small library of 120 volumes.
  The Stalking of Pauguk

By Herbert Quick

Author of “ The Jirokcn J.ancc," "Inland Waterways," JSte.

      Modern commercialism, its terrible ruthlessnear, the strange
      conditions it produces, the desperate plight of those wbo fail
      in the fight in which there is no quarter are well illustrated
      in this story, which is at one and the same time a
      story of the woods and open, and a tale of high finance

 “The fiery eyes ot Pauguk,

 Glare upon him in the darkness!”

                                    —Hiawatha.

HIS story has been
blamed for its lack of
a moral. People seem
to expect one so to put
to the rack the facts in
the case that they will
shriek out some well-
tried message. Some
have behaved as if they thought the
moral here, but faulty. Colonel Loree
of the Solar Selling Company, how-
ever, thinks the affair rich in the luc-
fabitla-docet element. So does William-
son, solidting-agent for the Mid-Conti-
nent Life; and so—emphatically so—
does the Mid-Continent itself. Tru-
deau. the “breed” guide, has had so
few years in which to turn it over in
his slow-moving mind as he has lain
rolled in his blankets while the snow
sifted through the moaning pines, that
he has not made up his mind. As for
Foster Van Dorn and Gwendolyn, their
opinions—but the story itself is not
long.

  Williamson says that when he left
Van Dorn's office with the application,
he was as near walking on air as in-
surance men ever are. People had
been so slow in writing their auto-
graphs on the dotted line—and here
was a six-figure application, with a
check. These, accompanied by the
wide-eyed Williamson, exploded into

the mid-December calm of the agency
headquarters like the news of a Tono-
pah strike in the poker-playing ennui
of a Poverty Flat.

  ‘'What’s that. Williamson?” ejacu-
lated the cashier. "Five hundred—
you domt mean thousand

  “Why, confound you. " sneered Will-
iamson. “look at that application!”

  “Let me see it!” panted the manager, |
bursting in. "‘Foster G. Van Dorn;’ !
half a million! Holy cat. Williamson;
but this will put you and the agency in

the lead, for- Is he good for it,

Wiiliamson ?"

  “Why don’t you see that checkV'
inquired the lofty solicitor. “I tell you,
fellows, there’s always a way to land
any man. Why, fur a year. I’ve—by
George! I’m forgetting to send Doctor
Watson over lo make the examination, j
Van Dorn's going on a hunting trip, I
and. we’ve got to hustle, and get him J
nu;,'d before he goes!”

  The manager stood by Williamson i
during the telephoning. “Who is Mr.
Van Dorn ?” he asked, as the agent
hung up the receiver.

  “President of the Kosmos Chemical
Company.” replied Williamson. “Son-
in-law and enemy of Colonel Loree of
the Solar Selling Company, you know,
said the cashier.

  “Oh-h-h-h!“ replied the manager, as
THE STALKING OF VAUGUK

109

if recalling something. “I remember
the ‘romance’ in the newspapers; but I
thought the young fellow was poor.
Fixed it up with the colonel, I suppose
—the usual thing.”

  “Not on your life!” replied William-
son. “Loree would kill him if he dared
—old aristocrat, you know; but Van
Dorn’s too smart for him. You re-
member he was an engineer for Loree’s
company, and met the daughter on
some inspection trip. Love at first sight
—moonlight 011 the mountains—run-
away and wedding on the sly—father’s
curse—turned out to starve, and all
that.”

 “I remember that,” answered the
manager; “but it doesn't seem to lead
logically up to this application.”

 “Well,” went on Williamson, “Van
Dorn turns up with a company formed
to work a deposit of the sal-ammoniac,
or asphaltum, or whatever the stuff the
Solar Company had cornered may be,
and began trust-busting. The Colonel
swore the new deposit really belonged
to his company because Van Dorn
found it while in his employ, and called
him all sorts of a scoundrel. But the
young man's gone on, all the same,
floating his company, and flying high.”
“I heard that Loree was sure to ruin
him,” interposed the cashier.

 “Ruin nothing!" said Williamson.
“It was a case of the whale and the
swordfish. Van Dorn’s got him licked
—why, don't you see that check!"

  “That does look like success,” replied
the manager. “I hope his strenuous life
hasn't hurt his health—Watson is fussy
about hearts and lungs.”

  “That’s the least of my troubles," re-
plied Williamson. “Van Dorn’s an ath-
lete, and a first-class risk. There's
nothing the mattter with Van Dorn !"

  And yet, Trudeau the guide, far up
in the Minnesota woods, looked at the
young man and wondered at his be-
havior. They had come by the old
“tote-road” to the deserted lumber-
camp armed and equipped to hunt deer.
Most young men in Van Dorn’s situa-
tion were keen-eyed, eager for the trail
and the chase—at least until tamed by

weariness. But Van Dorn was like a
somnambulist. Once Trudeau had left
him behind on the road, and on re-
tracing his steps to find him, had dis-
covered him standing by the path, ga-
zing at nothing, his lips slowly moving
as if repeating something under his
breath—and he had started as if in
fright at Trudeau’s hail. He had been
careful to give Trudeau his card, and
admonished him to keep it; but he
seemed careless of all opportunities of
following up the acquaintance. Most
of these city hunters were anxious to
talk; but what troubled Trudeau, was
the manner in which Van Dorn sat by
the lire, wrote in a book from time to
time, and gazed into the flames. Now
that they had reached the old camp,
Trudeau hoped that actual hunting
would bring to his man's eyes the fire
of interest in the thing he had come so
far to enjoy.

  “I'll fix up camp,” said he. “If you
like, you hunt. Big par tie Chicageau
men ove’ by lake—keep othe' way.”

  “Flow far to their camp?” asked the
fire-gazer.

  “ ’Bout two-mile," answered Tru-
deau.

  “Chicago men?” queried Van Dorn.
“How many?"

  “Mebbe ten,” answered Trudeau;
“mebbe six. She have car on track
down at depot. Big man—come ev'ry
wintaire. Jacques Lacroix guide heem,
Colonel Loric—big man !"

  “Colonel Loree! From Chicago?"
cried Van Dorn.

  "Q'ui, yes!” replied Trudeau. “You
know heem?”

  “No,” said Van Dorn.

  The man who did not know Loree
went to his knapsack and took out a
jacket made of deerskin tanned with
the hair on. It was lined with red
flannel. He held it up and looked at
it fixedly. Trudeau started as it met
his gaze, and he came up to Van Dorn
and pointed to the garment.

  “You wear zat ?" asked he.

  “Yes,” said the other. “It is a good
warm jacket."

  “A man w’at wear deerskin zha-
quette,” said Trudeau, “in.eese wood’,
THE <KWULA<R MAGAZINE

in shoo ting seajOHt*. sartaine go home
in wooden ove’coat—sure’s hell!’’

  “Oh, I guess there’s no danger!” said
Van Dorn, his lips parting with a
mirthless smile.

  “Non?" queried Trudeau. “You ben
in zese wood’ before r”

  “Oh, yes!" replied Van Dorn. “Lots
of times!”

  “Zen you know!” asserted Trudeau.
“Zen you are zhoking wiz me. Zeze
huntaire sink brown cloth coat, gray
coat, black coat, anvsing zat move—-
she sink zem every time a deer. Las'
wintaire lots men killed for deer. Pete
St. Cyr’s boy kill deer, hang heem in
tree, and nex' morning take heem on
back an’ tote. A city huntaire see deer-
liitle wiz hair on moving an* him! sofe-
nose bullet go thoo deer, thoo Pete St.
Cyr’s boy’s head! Zat zhaquette damn-
fool thin;^!’’

  “It goes either side out.” said the
hunter, “i can turn it, you know.”

  “I turn heem!*' said Trudeau, suiting
the action to the word. “Red is bet-
taire, by gosh—in zese wood’.”

  Trudeau watched his companion as
lie made hi? laborious way through the
cut-over chaos until he disappeared; but
he did not see him pause when out of
sight of camp, and turn toward the
lake.

  “I would rather it were any one
el^e.” said Van Dorn, as if to some-
thing that walked by his side: “but what
difference does it make? Why not let
him finish his work ?"

  The sheer difficulty of the country
brought back to Van Dorn something
like the forester’s alertness. The lust
for lumber had ravaged the spiry for-
est, and left, inextricably tangled, the
wrecks of the noble trees—forest maid-
ens whose beauty had been their de-
struction; only the crooked and ugly
having escaped. So deep and complex
was the wreckage that it seemed like
the spilikins of a giants’ ganfe of jack-
straws—gnarled logs, limbs like che-
vaux-de-frisc, saplings and underbrush
growing up through chaos. And spread
over and sifted through all was the
snow, as light as down.

  Van Dorti must have told the truth

as to his former visits; for he went on
hke one used to tiiiv terrible irnrr. No- I

where could he take three step* straight
forward: it was always climbing un,
or leaping down, or going around, or
crawling under. Here thick leaves up-
held the snow, and in the dry pine straw
on the ground, he could hear the forest
mice rustle and scurry. There a field
was smoothed over by the snow, as a
trap is hidden by sand, covering debris
just high enough to imperil the limbs
of the pedestrian. Yonder was a tama-
rack swamp too thick to be pierced:
and everywhere it was over and under
and up and down, and desperately hard,
for miles and miles, with no place for
repose.

  lie gazed away over the strange
abomination of desolation, blindly re-
flecting upon man's way 01 coming, do-
ing his worst, an<l passing on with
sated appetite, leaving ruin—as he had
done here. He wondered why that tall
tract of virgin pine over at the right
had been allowed to escape, standing
against the sky like a black wall, spiked
with tall rampikes. He stared fixedly
at the snow, the blue shadows, the black
pines, somnambulistic again.

  To the something that seemed to walk
by his side, he spoke of these things
as if it had been visible. Strange ac-
tions, strange thoughts for the president
of the Kosmos Chemical Company, the
great antagonist of Loree of the Solar
Selling Company, the David to Loree's
Goliath, the swordfish to the colonel’s
whale! Think, however, of David, with
all the stones spent against the giant's
buckler, and cowering within the lethal
Teach of that spear like a weaver's
beam: or of the swordfish, with broken
weapon, hunted to the uttermost black
depths bv the oncoming silent yawning
destruction. And in Van Dorn’s case,
the enemy was an avenger as well as
a natural foe.

  Poor little Kosmos Chemical Com- |
pany with its hig name, its great de-
posits of “a prime commercial neces-
sity”—see prospectus—its dependence
on railways with which Loree was on I
terms of which Van Dorn P^ver
dreamed, its old and wily foe, skilled
THE STALKING OF ‘PAUGUK

ill

  to snatch victory from the jaws of de-
  feat, raging for the loss of his cvve
  lamb, whom, notwithstanding his giant-
  ship, he had loved lor twenty years to
  Van Dorn's two. and had dreamed
  dreams and committed crimes for! Not
  very strange after all. perhaps, that the
  man went on muttering somnambulistic-
  ally. They say that one gripped in the
  lion’s mouth is numb and filled with de-
  lusions.

    Suddenly, putting life into the dead

■	scene, a bounding form came into view
  past^a thicket—a noble buck with many-
  pointed antlers, moving with great de-
  liberate leaps among the giants’ spili-
  kins. The delicate, glassy hoofs, the
  slender, brittle limbs and horns, fragile
  as china, seemed courting destruction in
  those terrific entanglements. Yet the
  beautiful animal, as if by some magic
  levitation, rose lightly from a perilous
  crevice between two logs, turned
  smoothly in mid-leap, struck the four
  pipe-stem limbs into the only safe
  landing-place, shot thence with ar-
  rowy spring between two bayonetlike
  branches to another foothold, and so
  on and on, every rod of progress a
  miracle.

   ITe stopped, snuffing the air. In-
  stinctively the hunter leveled his rifle;
  and then came into view the buck's
  retinue, two does, one large and ma-
  tronly, the other a last summer’s fawn.
  The sleep-walker’s eyes softened, the
  rifle swung downward from the point-
  blank aim, snapping a twig in its de-
  scent, and with swift, mighty bounds,
  the deer vanished, putting a clump of
  bushes between themselves and the foe
  with unerring strategy.

    "Toward the lake,” said the hunter.
  "I’ll follow!”

   There came the report of a distant
  rifle from the direction of the deer's
  flight, then another and another. Some
  one was working a repeater rapidly.
  The hunter stopped, took off his deer-
  skin jacket, turned it hair side out, and
  like a soldier making for the firing-line,
  pressed forward after the deer.

   Trudeau saw his man halt on the
 edge of the firelight that evening, turn
 his jacket, and come weariedly into

 camp. Trudeau sat and thought that
 night, while the other slept heavily.
 Next morning there was a raging
 storm, and the guide was puzzled that
 the hunter refused to brave its dangers.
 It was not sure then, that monsieur de-
 sired the wooden overcoat? He told
 Van Dorn many stories of death in
 these storms, and watched for the ef-
 fect.

   MW’en man is lost in blizsaird” said
 Trudeau, “ze vidow mus’ wait an’ wait,
 an’ mebbe nevaire know if he is vidow
 or not."

   “It would be better,” said the other
 reflectively, “to have the proof ample—
 ample!”

  Trudeau, pondering over this,
 watched his charge putting names in
 a book opposite amounts in figures; but
 lie did not know that here was the lost
 fortune of an old aunt, there the sav-
 ings of a college chum. Van Dorn
 looked them over calmly as if it li2d
 been a bills-payable sheet to be paid
 in the morning. Then the strange
 pleasure-hunter began writing a letter
 to a sweetheart to whom he seemed
 to be able to say only that he loved
 her better than life, that she must try
 to love his memory, and to train up»the
 baby to respect his name, that the right
 thing is uot always easy to discern, that

•	sometimes one has only a choice of
 evils, that when a man has made a
 mess of it which he can straighten out
 by stepping off the stage, he might as
 well do it—and that he had had his
 share of happiness since she had been
 with him anyhow, and was lar ahead of
 the game! Trudeau could not know
 what a foolish, silly, tragic letter it was,
 this product of insane commercialism.
 He thought life and the woods enough,
 and wondered at the shaking of the
 man’s shoulders, and was amazed to see
 the tears dropping through his fingers
 as he bowed his head upon his hands—
 a man with a fifty-dollar sleeping-bag!

   Over at the Loree headquarters there
 were roaring fires, fresh venison, a skil-
 ful chef, jolly companions, and the per-
 fection of camp-life. The storm cleared.
 That strong old hunter, Loree. declaring
 that his business was to stalk deer,
112

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

marched off in the solitary quest which
is the only thing that brings the
haunch to the spit in the Minnesota cut-
over forest. He was bristly bearded,
keen of eye and vigorous, handled his
gun cannily, and craftily negotiated the
fallen and tangled timbers, his glance
sweeping every open vista for game.
There was no time to think of anything
but the making of his way, and of the
chase. Troubles and triumphs retired
to the outer verge of consciousness.
Primeval problems claimed his thoughts,
and the primeval man rose to meet
them. It was in this ancient and ef-
fective wise that he had sharpened his
weapons, set his snares, and hunted
down Foster Van Dorn—and left him
in the money-jungle, apparently unhurt,
but really smitten to the heart and stag-
gering to his fall. It was the Loree
way. As an old hunter, he knew just
where his shaft had struck, and how
long the quarry could endure the hemor-
rhage. Had he not said that the fellow
should be made to rue the Loree dis-
pleasure ?

  Like a flash these half-thoughts be-
came no thoughts, as a dark blotch
caught his eye, far off on the snow,
beyond a little thicket.

  “What is that?” lie said to himself.
“It is a little hard to say, but the mat-
ter is worth looking into. Just the color
of a deer! Just where a deer would
rest! We must work up the wind a
little closer, for some men are so fool-
ish as to wear those duns and browns;
but that!—that is a deer’s coat. It
won’t do to jump him and trust a shot
as he goes—those firs will hide him at
the first leap. A long shot at a stand-
ing target—there! He moved ! There’s
not a second to lose!”

  A long shot, truly; but that graceful
rifle thinks nothing of half a mile.
There are many intervening bushes and
saplings; but the steel-jacketed bullet
would kill on the farther side of the
thickest pine, and even a soft-nosed one
will cut cleanly lo this mark. The colo-
nel’s practised left hand immovably sup-
ported the barrel: the colonel’s keen eye
through the carefully adjusted sights
saw plainly the blotch of deerskin down

the little glade; and the colonel’s steady
forefinger confidently pressed the lightly
set trigger. Spat! The colonel" felt
the rifleman s delicious certitude that
his bullet had found its mark, threw in
another shell, and stood tensely ready
to try the bisecting of the smitten deer's
first agonized bound—but the blur of
fur just stirred a little, and slipped
down out of sight.

   Panting in the killer’s frenzy, Loree
struggled over the debris to reach his I
game. How oddly the deer had fallen! !
Heart, or brain, likely; as it went down
like a log. Here was the thicket, and
on the other side—yes, a patch of red- j
dencd snow, and ihe body of—no, not I
a deer, but a man. dead, it seemed, clad I
in a deerskin jacket, a rifle by his side, I
and in his hand a note-book full of }
figures, its pages all stained and crum-
pied!

   There was a shout in the far distance, 1
but Loree heard it not. He knew his I
solitude, and never looked for aid. The I
white strangeness of the face of the I
man he had shot overcame the sense of !
something familiar in it; and the colo- I
nel. after a moment's scrutiny of it, I
addressed himself frantically to the I
stanching of the blood. A deep groan I
seemed to warrant hope; and stooping I
beneath the body Loree took it up and I
began bearing ii toward the camp. He V
had an overwhelming consciousness of I
the terrible task before him: but the I
realization of the human life dashed I
out, some home blasted, some infinity of I
woe, and the bare chance of rescue I
rolled sickeningly over him, and lie set I
his teeth and attacked the task like an I
incarnate will.	I

  Logs and boughs and dead-wood held J
him back; countless obstacles exhausted I
him. lie felt like crying out in agony j
as he realized that his age was telling I
against him. He felt strangely tender!
at this meeting with death in its simple I
and more merciful form. He clenched jj
his teeth hard, felt his heart swell as I
if to burst, his lungs labor in agonized
hcavings—and when Trudeau the guide
overtook him, he found him a irenzied
man. covered with dark streaks and
splashes of blood, unconquerably luiri-
THE STALKING OF <PAUGUK

H3

ir.g upon his impossible task his last
reserves of strength, with all that iron
resolution with which he had beaten
clown resistance in his long- battle with
a relentless world.

    "For God’s sake,” he panted hoarsely,
  "help me get him to camp! We’ve got
  a doctor there J”

    “How's the colonel ?” said the doctor,
  when he had done all he could for the
  colonel’s victim.

    “Knocked all to pieces,” answered a
  young man. “Wants to know if we’ve
  found out who the man is.”

    Colonel Loree was interrogating Tru-
  deau ; surprised that he did not know
  the name of the wounded man.

    '‘Non," answered Trudeau, “she tell
  me his name, and give me carte, but I
  lose heem an’ forget firs’ day. Re-
  member wood’, remember trail, remem-
  I ber face ver’ well—but name; she I
  forget. She write lettaire an’ cry, an’

, all time put fig’ in book. Zis is heem;
  mebbe she tell name!”

   The smutched names were strange
  to the colonel; but on another page
  there were some inexplicable references

•	to Kosmos Chemical affairs; and on
  the cover were dim initials that looked

! like “F. V. D.”

    “I know somesing is wrong,” went

>	on Trudeau; “for I tell her it ben trcs
: dangcrcuse to wear deerskin zhaquette
1 in zcse wood’ in shooting seasone. I

•	turn zhaquette red *>ut. She go toward
j your camp. I waffch. I see her turn
1 heem hair out. I tell you, messieurs,
c zat man want to go home in wooden

•	ove’coat. She have hungaire lo die.”

    "Here’s a letter we found in his
[ pocket,” said the young man. “Look at
i it, colonel.”

    The colonel looked, saw his daugh-
r tor’s name, remembered the familiar
( look in the white, agonized, pitiful face;

I and saw the whole situation as by some
baleful flash-light.

    “Good God ! Good God!” he cried.
  “It’s Van Dorn ! Get things ready to
  carry him in his bed to the car—quick,
  Johnson ! And get to the wire as soon

8

as you can. Have Tibbals bring Gwen-
nie—Mrs. Van Dorn—to Duluth. Wire
the hospital there! You know what’s
needed—look after things right, John-
son, for I think—I think—I’m going
mad, old man !’’

  Mrs. Van Dorn ran into her father’s
arms in the hospital anteroom. Through
mazes of frenzied anxiety she felt an
epoch open in her life with that em-
brace from the father who had put her
out of his life forever, as they thought.

  “Dear, dear papa!’’ she whispered,
“let me go to Foster, quick!”

‘‘Not just now, Gwennie, little girl,”
said he, patting her shoulder. “He’s
asleep. Did you bring the—the baby?”
“No, no! I thought—but Foster?”
cried Gwendolyn. “Will he—will he

  “He'll live, by Heaven!” cried the
colonel. “I fired one fool for hinting
that he wouldn’t; and now they’re all
sure lie'll pull through. Why, he’s got
to live, Gwennie!”

   The colonel reached for his handker-
chief, much hampered by Gwendolyn's
arms.

  “And when he’s well,” said he, “I
want your help—in a business way. I’m
too old to fight a man like Foster. He’s
got me down, Gwennie—beaten me to
earth. If he won’t come in with me,
it’s all up with the Solar. He’s a fine
fellow, Gwen—I—like him, you know
—but he don’t know how hard he hits.
You’ll help your old dad, won’t you,
Gwennie ?”

   To this point had the appeal of con-
crete, piteous need brought Colonel
Loree, the ferocious, whose heart had
never once softened while he did so
much more cruel things than the mere
shooting of Van Dorn. It broke
Gwendolyn’s heart afresh.

   “Oh, don’t, papa !” she cried. “I can't
st-stand it! He sha’n’t use his strength
against you ! I'll be on your side. He’s
generous, papa—he wanted to name
baby Loree—and, oh. I must go to him.
papa! I can't wait!”
 The Rue Montera Mystery

  By F. Goron, Ex-Chief of the Paris Detective Police
  Edited by Albert Keyzer

     Monsieur tioron’s methods in crime detection may be said to consist in an
acute receptivity to impressions, a dependence on ewift intuitions, rather than
jumping at conclusions and forcing of issues, his wonderful successes as head
of the greatest police force in the world surely justify his processes. The
stories of actual cases in his career make most interesting reading. This is
the third ol a very popular series.	^

EW crimes have aroused
more consternation in
Paris than the murder
of Madame Dellard, a
lady of high standing,
found with her throat
cut in her apartment,
42 Boulevard du Tem-
ple. And excitement reached boiling-
point when it became known that the
man I arrested three weeks later as the
presumed murderer was an army lieu-
tenant, called Anastey, who subsequent-
ly acknowledged his guilt and was guil-
lotined.

  The case, however, gave me endless
trouble, and whilst I was still battling
with that difficult problem I received
an earlv telephonic call to come at once
to the Rue Montera, a street close to
the Porte de Vincennes. I jumped in-
to a cab. and when I arrived at the
address given me, a detached house
with a little garden in front, I saw a
crowd blocking the road, and two po-
licemen at the gate. As I walked up
the small gravel path to the house a
police inspector came out and said:

  “1 am so glad you came at once, sir.
None of us can make head or tail of
this business.”

  He opened the door of a room on the
•ground floor, and there was an old

lady, her face blanched with fright, sit-
ting- in an easy chair; her maid, terror-
stricken, was by her side. From a room
opposite came the confused noise of
voices.

  Addressing the old lady, the police
inspector said :

  “Madame Maillard, here is Monsieur
Goron. You’d better tell him yourself
what happened.”

  But Madame Maillard could only
bring out inarticulate sounds, and tht
inspector turned to the servant with
the remark:

  “It may take some time before your
mistress is quieted lown. In the mean-
time you can give Monsieur Goron an
account of the affair.*’

  The girl wiped her eyes, and in a
trembling voice began:

  “Yesterday afternoon, toward five,
Mademoiselle Brrnet came to pay my
mistress a visit. The ladies are related.
Whilst I was peeling mv potatoes Ma-
dame Maillard came into my kitchen
and told me that Mademoiselle Brunet
would stay here the night, whereupon
I put the little spare room—the one
on the right hand when you come in—-
in order. At ten o'clock T accompanied
Madame Maillard to her bedroom on
the floor above to help her undress. On
my return to my kitchen Madame
THE RUE MONT ERA MYSTERY

U3

Brunet called out for a glass of water,
an<i I brought her a siphon and a tum-
bler, which I placed on the night-table.
Half an hour later I went to bed. This
nomine at six I came down-stairs, and,
passing the young lady's room, thought
I heard a low moan. I listened a mo-
ment and knocked. There came no re-
ply, and 1 softly turned the handle. But
the door was locked. I a^ain waited a
few seconds, and when the moan was
repeated I beat the door with my fist,
and shouted:

  “‘Mademoiselle! Is anything the
matter? Please open the door!’

  “Again there was no response, and
I woke Madame Maillard. We both
hammered at the door without any re-
sult. We then burst it open, rushed in,
and nearly fainted with fright! From
below the bed protruded the head and
shoulders of a man, covered in blood !
And no trace of Madame Brunet!
I ran for the police. They are now in
the other room with the doctor, and the
ma—man--” The rest of the sen-
tence was lost in a hysterical fit o£
crying.

  I went into the passage, and opened
the door of the spare room. A tall,
military-looking man was bending over
a figure on the sofa. By his- side, on
a chair, were a case of surgical instru-
ments and a basin with water and
towels. Two policemen stood near the
'door. I beckoned to them to leave the
room. After a few minutes, when the
doctor had finished attending to his pa-
tient. he turned to me.

   “This seems an inexplicable business,
Monsieur Goron,” he said, pointing to
the man lying senseless on the sofa.

   “He is not dead ?” I asked.

  “No. But it will be touch-and-go
with him. There is a fracture of the
skull, and I fear it will be a case of
trepanning. He has received a tre-
i mendous blow. Probably with that!”
' And he pointed lo a Hood-Stained si-
phon on the floor near the bed.

  f looked at the man. He had a com-
mon, expressionless face, partly cov-
: jered with sandy whiskers, and wore a
check suit of a loud pattern, with well-
i made patent-leather shoes that con-

trasted strangely with the vulgar en-
semble. I was certain I had never seen
him before.

  1 calied up the police inspector, and
in his presence searched the man’s
pockets. We found a purse with about
forty francs in gold and silver, a cig-
arette-case, a worn pocket-knife, and a
small revolver of a strange make. But
no papers of any description.

  The inspector and the doctor smiled
when we came upon the revolver.

  “That tells its own tale!” said the
officer, with an ominous glance.

  At that moment the ambulance car-
riage for which the doctor had sent
drove up, and I made out an order for
the man’s removal to the infirmary of
the depot. The doctor and a policeman
accompanied him.

  As soon as the carriage with the
white Hag and red Geneva cross had
driven oft I asked the inspector to give
me an account of what he saw on his
arrival.

  “When I entered the room, sir,” he
began, “the man was lying face down-
ward, unconscious, half his body under
the bed. I took care that nothing was
disturbed. The siphon is lying exactly
on the same spot, and that chair near
the window was knocked over. There
is still the man’s hat under the bed."

  “You found the window open, of
course ?”

  “Yes. As to the man, I am certain
1 had him in custody three years ago
whilst I was in the Passy district. He
was arrested along with four others
who had been found loitering in that
neighborhood. On two of them we
found jimmies and revolvers, similar
to the one he carried. He’s an old of-
fender, sir. But who struck him that
blow? And what has become of the
girl? It looks an ugly business! ' _

  I made a careful examination of the
room. The bedclothes showed that
Mademoiselle Brunet had not slept
in the bod very long. Except on the
small carpet in front of the bed, there
were no traces of blood anywhere; nor
did I detect any signs of a struggle.
As the doctor had said, the blood-
stained siphon had evidently been the
116

THE <1>0<PULA<R MAGAZINE

weapon with which the man had been
hit I drew out the soft felt hat from
under the bed and laid it on the table.
Suddenly the inspector called out:
“Hello!" And he held up a gray
cloth cap he had picked up near the
window.

  "This confirms my suspicions,” he
continued; "the fellow had some of his
confederates with him. One of them, I
remember, had a remarkably big head!
Just look at the size of this cap!"

   I examined the cap, and then said:

   "It strikes me that it belongs, not to
a big man, but to a woman with a small
head—a cyclist, probably. You did not
notice the tiny holes in the lining,
caused by the hatpins with which the
cap was fastened.”

  I continued my search, but finding
nothing that could throw any more
light on the affair I returned to the
room where I had left Madame Mail-
lard. Although still much upset she
was now able to give me a few details.

   "Alice Brunet is my niece,” she said
. in reply to my question. ‘T had not
seen her for over a year, and yesterday
morning she wrote that she would come
to spend the afternoon with me. She
arrived rather late, and told me she
wanted to travel that same night to
Rouen. Feeling tired, however, she
changed her mind, and asked to be al-
lowed to stay the night here. We all
went to bed at ten o’clock, and this

morning early Ihe maid-"

  "Yes," I interrupted, "she told me
what occurred this morning. I want to
know a little more about Mademoiselle
Brunet. Your servant referred to her
twice as Mademoiselle, and twice as
Madame. Is she married or single?”
The old lady's pale checks flushed
slightly, and she hesitated a moment
before replying.

  "She is divorced," vhc remarked in
a low voice, “and has resumed her
maiden name of Brunet. She has seen
trouble!"

  "You saw the man. Do you remem-
ber ever having met him before?”

  “\To, Monsieur Goron. He’s an ut-
ter stranger lo me. A few years ago
they tried to break into this house, and

once some washing left to dry in the
garden was stolen. But this attempted j
burglary terrifies me! And what can 1
have become of my niece?"

  "Did your niece bring a bag with ,
her when she came?"

  "Yes, a small leather bag. And_” <

  At that moment there was a noise of!
quick steps on the gravel walk out- j
side, the door flew open, and a young I
lady rushed in who threw her ’arms J
round Madame Maillard's neck.

  “Auntie!" she cried. “Here I am! fij
was too dreadful! I wonder I have!
not gone mad!

  She dropped into a chair and cov-|
ered her face with her hands.

  Madame Maillard knelt beside her I
and gently stroked her hair.

  "Poor Alice!” she whispered sooth-1
ingly. "Thank the Lord you are safc!|
I dreaded they had killed you. But
where do you come from? What lias
happened? Here is Monsieur Goron,I
who has come to investigate the af-
fair.”

  Alice Brunet stared at me a moment.
She was a good-looking, fair-haired
woman with brilliantly white teeth, and
a determined, almost hard, expression
in the eyes, the expression of a woman
with immense power for self-restraim,
and who had fought some hard battles.!

  She made an effort to compose her-
self. and began:

  “Last night, after I had retired ti>
my room, I asked Rose for a glass of
water, whereupon she brought me a
siphon and a tumbler which she placed
on the little table near me. 1 had had
a busy day, and after I had undressed!
I sat up in bed thinking. I dozed off,
but as I cannot sleep with a light in
the room I soon woke up, and was just
going to blow out my candle when I
heard a creaky noise underneath my
bed. I held my breath and listened.
The noise grew more distinct, and 1
even fancied hearing suppressed breath-
ing. At that moment I remembered J
had not closed my window. I always
sleep with my window open, but here
on a ground floor it was madness, anti
I felt I had done a foolish thing. To<|
frightened to call out, I leaned forward!1
r

THE RUE MONTERA MYSTERY	I17

 and, to my horror, saw a hand come
 from under the bed. Presently a bushy
 head emerged. How did it all happen ?
 All I know is that I seized the siphon,
 and brought it down on the head be-
 low. By the flickering light of the can-
 dle I fancied I saw the room filled with
 men aiming blows at me. I felt stunned
 as if it had been I who had been struck.
 Had I killed him? The figure was
 lying motionless—I dared not look at
 it. A deadly sickness overcame me, yret,
 urged to get away from what was ly-
 ing there, at my feet, I fastened my
 clothes on me, jumped out of the win-
 dow, and ran out of the gate, straight
 ahead. How long did I run ? I can-
 not tell. Morning was breaking, and
 I was still speeding along. Exhausted
 and sore, I finally found myself on the
 road to Pontoise. I entered a little inn,
 swallowed a cup of coffee, and having
 tidied myself, returned here as fast
 as I could.”

    She paused an instant, and with the
  same fixed look turned to me.

   “But what happened here? Did vou

\ find the--"

    “Yes,” I replied, “the man was found
on the floor, and I had him removed to
i the infirmary.”

   “He is—not dead?”

“There was a tiny spark of life in
him when they took him away. It may
I have flickered out now. You hit him
! pretty hard. Is his face at all familiar
' to you. Mademoiselle Brunet?”

   “I only saw the back of his head
 when I struck him, and afterward I

•	was too nervous to look.”

    ‘‘In that case I must ask .you to go
with me to the infirmary. No, not
now. I must first know how our man
i is getting on. Where do you live?”
“No. t22 Rue Laugier.”

   “\ ery well. One more question,
 please. Is this your cap?” And I pro-
 duced the one found in her room.

    “\es. I generally use it when cycling
  in the country. I thought I had lost
  it.”

1 here was a rattle of wheels. A
cab drove up to the gate, a man quick-
f lv jumped out, and I recocrnized Plin,
one of my most experienced assistants.

He had come to report on a special
matter, and I went with him into the
garden. When he had finished I told
him in a few words what had occurred
here, and said:

  “I must leave now. You must man-
age to keep Mademoiselle Brunet here
for another half-hour.”

  Plin eyed me curiously.

  “What do you make of the business,
sir?”

  “The police inspector in this district
swears he knows the fellow, who, he
says, belongs to a gang of cracksmen.”
“Quite so. But what’s your opinion,
sir? Did any special points strike
you ?”

  “Many points struck me. As to my
opinion, I think it is a deep business,
a devilish deep business. And now I
am off.”

  Toward four o’clock that same after-
noon I went to the depot infirmary and
inquired from the chief surgeon’ how
our man was progressing.

  “That fellow,” he said, “must have
his soul riveted to his body! The blow
he received would have killed an av-
erage man. He is still unconscious,
but we hope to bring him round. The
pressure on the brain seems less strong.
Common burglar, eh ?”

  “Looks lii<e it. The moment he ral-
lies let me know.”

  For four days the man hovered be-
tween life and death ; and as by that
time I had been fortunate enough to
arrest Anastey, Madame Dellard’s mur-
derer, I could devote a little time to
the Rue Montera affair. Apart from
a rather important fact I had brought
to light after I had left Madame Mail-
lard’s, I had also made a few inquiries
about Alice Brunet, and learned that
Jean Richard, her husband, had been
convicted of forgery. After her di-
vorce she had acted as secretary to a
man called Fenoux, insurance-broker,
stock-broker’s tout, and news-agent.
Despite the imposing brass plate on his
office door, Fenoux’s business did not
appear to prosper, for six months ago
he owed his landlord two quarters’
rent. Suddenly, however, he had come
into money. He now had a comforta-
118

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

ble apartment in the Avenue tie Mes-
sine, and couid be seen every day in
ihe Bois driving a fine pair of bays.
Alice Brunet was no longer in his em-
ploy.

  Plin, who assisted me in my inquiries
in the Rue de Mont era a Hair, came to
me on the morning of the fifth day
with the news that the man “Duval”
was out oi danger, and that the head
surgeon had just sent for me. It was
one of rim’s peculiarities. Whenever
we arrested an individual of whose
identity we were not certain, Plin
christened him “Duval” until his real
name had transpired. When—as it
frequently happened—we had several
“Duvals” on our hands, the resource-
ful Plin overcame the difficulty by call-
ing them the tall Duval, the pock-
marked Duval, etc.

  1 found "Duval” in a little room by
himself, in a quiet part of the building.
The head surgeon and three other doc-
tors were examining him attentively.
A nurse was standing at the foot of the
bed.

  “It is the strangest case that has ever
come our way,” whispered the chief;
“unless complications arise—which 1
don’t foresee—he will be on his legs in
less than no time. He will still be weak
from loss of blood, but with his splen-
did physique his strength will soon re-
turn. Poor wretch! Recovery, for
him, probably means a long term of im-
prisonment. I suppose lie is an old
jail-bird ?”

  “Possibly—I don't know him. Others
say they do. Can I bring Mademoiselle
Brunet here to have a look at him?”

  “Yes. You had better come with her
to-morrow whilst he is still uncon-

scious.

  I sent word to Mademoiselle Brunet,
and the next morning we entered the
sick man’s room. He was lying with
his eyes shut.

  “Do you know him?” I asked.

  She shivered as she gazed at the
pallid figure, and her face grew white.
Then she shook her head.

  “No,” she said, “I never saw him be-
fore.”

  “You arc quite certain?"

  “Quite!”

  “In that case I need not detain you

any further.”

  The chief surgeon's prognostication
came true. His patient rallied wonder-
fully, and 1 therefore asked the an-
thropometrical office to take hirn in
hand- Monsieur Bertillon took his
measurements, but he informed me the
next day that our man had never
passed through their office.

  “No.” he said, “he is not one of our
customers!’"

  Nor did any of my men recognize
him, except Gallois, who backed the po-
lice inspector’s opinion by stating that
he had seen “Duval” in company with
Brizard, a burglar, recently sentenced
to seven years’ transportation.

  A few days later, accompanied by
Plin, I again went to the infirmary.

  “You can now have a chat with
him,” said the surgeon, “that is to say,
if you ccji make hirn talk. He is as
well as can be expected, and by the end
of next week he can be handed over
to the authorities.”

  “Has he spoken at all?”

  “Very little. He replies to my ques-
tions regarding his condition, and asks
for any trifle he may want.”

I found him silting up in bed read-
ing a novel the doctor had lent him.
“What is your name?” I asked.

  He remained silent.

  “Why did vou go to Madame Mail-
lard’s ?”

  There was no response.

  “I suppose you know that when you
leave this place you will be charged
with a serious offense, and probably in-
cur a severe sentence?”

  He made a slight motion with the
hand.

  “You must al~o be aware that if once
handed over to the examining magis-
trate he may keep you under remand
for a very long time before sending
you for trial? Tf, therefore—which is
possible—you went to the house in the
Rue Montera without a felonious in-
tent, now is the moment for you to
speak.”

  The man raised himself on one elbow
THE RUE MONTERA MYSTERY

113

  and looked me straight in the face.
  Th^re came, however, no reply.

    “When did you leave Montreal?'* I
  suddenly asked.

    This time he gave a start, and a hag-
  gard expression came into his eyes.
  For a few seconds he appeared to
  waver and his lips moved as if he in-
  tended to speak. Then, with an im-
  patient gesture, he pulled the bed-
  clothes over his shoulders and turned
  his face to the wall.

    It was useless to prolong the inter-
  view. When we emerged into the
  streets I noticed that Plin looked at me
  inquiringly.

    “I reckon my question about Mont-
  real puzzles you ?” I asked.

    “It does, sir. How did you work it
  out?”

“Oh, it was very simple. When I
searched his pockets in the Rue Mon-
tera I also examined his linen and
clothes. His shirt and pocket-handker-
l chief were marked S, but the name of
; the maker did not appear on his clothes.
I then looked at the brass buttons of his
trousers. They were quite plain, with
. the exception of one, which, with the
[ help of a magnifying-glass, I saw was
; stamped ‘Montreal.’ I cut it off, put it
i in my pocket, and aimed a random shot
t with it. As it happened, it told, and
a may give me a clue.”

    “I dare say,” grinned Plin, “you’ll
i ferret it all out right enough before
1 that fellow leaves the hospital. I sup-
« pose you see your way already pretty
I clear.”

“No, and that is the trouble. I have
r come to a few curious conclusions, but
1 they have to be tested. Judges and
; jurymen are rarely psychologists. It
is not to be expected of them. A man
lies hidden beneath a bed. Pie is dis-
af covered by a ladv, and she half kills
(him. She had a right to do it—in self-
•! defense. The man refuses to make any
statement or to disclose his identity.
JlThc legal machinery is then set into
n motion. The examining magistrate will
tell the accused that he is a common
burglar and commit him for trial. Sev-
eral members of the force will swear
that he is an associate of criminals; the

jury will convict him; and the judge,
having passed sentence, will compli-
ment the lady on her pluck, and thank
her for haying brought a dangerous
offender to justice. And, were any one
to come forward and tell them that they
have all been mystified, he would be
laughed at. Luckily, I have still a week
to look into what no doubt they will
call ‘a clear case.5 ”

  The next few days, however, brought
nothing but disappointments. I had
wanted to know a little more about the
wonderful Fenoux, and was informed
that he had left for New York a week
before the Rue Montera affair. I had
sent photographs of the man in the in-
firmary in every direction, but none of
my French or foreign colleagues had
recognized him. As to Mademoiselle
Brunet, the reports about her were pro-
vokingly good.

  “Monsieur Goron, 1 have known that
young woman for years,” said the po-
lice commissary in her district, “and I
can assure you she is hard-working,
and respected by all. That business
with her husband was a terrible trial
to her. He had a big salary, but he
forged his employer’s name, and all
his money was squandered on the turf.”
I thought the matter carefully over
and tried to arrive at a definite con-
clusion. Why did that fellow refuse
to speak? What reason had he for al-
lowing himself to be charged with at-
tempting a burglary, if—as I felt cer-
tain—he had come to the house for an-
other purpose ? But. in that case he
would have to divulge a secret. What
secret? I felt equally certain that not-
withstanding her denial Mademoiselle
Brunet was well acquainted with the
man she nearly sent into the other
world. Yet, in the face of these two
people—the only actors in this strange
business—remaining silent, I could
hardly expect to arrive at the truth.
For a moment 1 even felt tempted to let
events follow their course. But as I
knew that this unsolved problem would
only weigh on my mind. I resolved to
play my last card; and I sent to
Mademoiselle Brunet asking her to call
on me.
120

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  She looked very pretty in a smartly

cut tailor costume.

  "Mademoiselle," I began, “excuse me
if I put a question i asked you already.
Do you know the man found concealed

in your room ?”

  “No, Monsieur Goron.”

  “You never met him before?''
  “Never.”

  “Could you swear to that fact?”

  “I came here to give you all the in-
formation I can, and you have no right
to doubt my word !”

  "Very well. We may come back to
that later. Now, allow me another
question. You told me how, having
struck the man, you walked about all
night half dazed. Is that a fact?”

  She rose from her chair, and made a
step toward me.

  “What do you mean?" she gasped.
“What I mean is that I do not like
being bluffed, and you have—pardon
me for saying so—tried the experiment
on me. Please sit down and listen
quietly, for what I have to tell you is
pretty serious. Your description of
your flight from the room and your
nocturnal promenade, until you found
yourself on the road to Pontoise, was
intensely dramatic. It would have a
tremendous success in a court of jus-
tice, and draw tears from everybody.
But it failed to impress me. That
story somehow did not Sound real, and
the whole tirade—as far as I was con-
cerned—had a contrary effect: it
aroused my suspicions. I therefore
left your aunt’s house hurriedly, went
straight to the Rue Tangier, placed a
blank piece of paper in an envelope on
which I wrote your name, and sent a
little girl with it to the boarding-house
where you are staying, telling her to
ask, in case they said you were out,
whether you had left town yesterday
evening. After a few minutes the girl
returned with the envelope and said
that you came home last night late, and
had left early this morning. And now
vou understand why I disbelieve your
other statements."

In a slightly sneering tone she said:
“I am afraid, Monsieur Goron. that
through moving so much among crimi-

nals you are apt to see malefactors
everywhere, and you are doing me the
honor to rank me among them I"

  She looked at me defiantly, yet with
an emotion she tried hard to conceal.

  I waited a minute or so, and then
burst out with the question:

  “Why did you strike that man?”

  This time lie staggered and, bury-
ing her face in her hands, she cried
convulsively.

  When I saw she had regained her
composure 1 laid my hand gently on
her shoulder.

  “Mademoiselle Brunet,” I said, “par-
don me if I have dealt a little roughly
with you, but I must and will get at
the bottom of that ailair. That man
lying now at the hospital may, for all t
know, be a miscreant, but I cannot al-
low him to be punished for an offense
I feel positive he never intended to I

commit. As to you, mademoiselle-”

  She did not let me finish my sen-
tence.

  “Help me, Monsieur Goron!” she J
cried. “Promise to help me, and I will
tell you all! I am no criminal!” she
added, with a piteous smile.

  “You need not tell me that,” I
laughed. “I never for an instant
thought you were."

  “When I was a little girl.” she be-
gan in a low' voice, “my mother had a
volume of Dante's ‘Inferno,' illustrated
by Gustave Dore. I used to look for
hours at a drawing representing poor
wretches trying to escape from a sea of
burning pitch, and always thrust back
by an army of devils. I little thought
that this drawing would symbolize my
life ! A moment ago I had the courage
to taunt you for living in a world of
crime, you who when you return home
breathe a pure atmosphere, whilst I.
do what I may, am constantly thrown
back into my inferno! Whose sins am I
I expiating? Not my own. I hope, for |
I have always striven to act rightly.

  “It began when I was ten years old. !
I had lost my mother, and one day my
father was arrested on a charge of em-
bezzlement. He died in prison, and
my aunt. Madame Maillard, befriended
inc. I then married. My husband was
THE RUE MO NT ERA MYSTERY

121

  handsome, intelligent; he held a fine
  position, and my friends congratulated
  me on my luck. You know, of course,
  what occurred. He committed forgery.
  It also transpired that he had a liaison,
  and I obtained my divorce. I adver-
  tised for a situation as shorthand-writer
  and secretary, and was engaged by a
  Monsieur Fenoux. I was earning my
  living, and began to feel hopeful. Mon-
  sieur Fenoux worked me rather hard,
  but he paid me well for my services, al-
  though somewhat irregularly. One day
  I discovered that he was a cunning ras-
  i cal, living at the expense of others.
  He wanted me to call on some one at
  the Hotel Continental and impersonate
  a 'foreign countess. I refused, and gave
  up my situation. An inexorable fate
  seemed to throw me continually among
  evil-doers.

 “At Monsieur Fenoux’s I had made
 the acquaintance of a Monsieur Salles,

 a French Canadian-”

   “The man now lying at the depot in-
i firmary?” I asked.

   “Yes. On several occasions he had
  . given me tickets for the theater, and
  i a friendship had sprung up between
  us. When I told him that I had given
  Monsieur Fenoux notice he said I had
  done the right thing and that he would
  find me another situation. He added
  that in the meantime I could do some
  typewriting for him, and I gladly ac-

■	cepted his offer. But before a wreek
had elapsed he began to pay me marked
attention, and I decided to break off
further intercourse with him. I there-
fore hurried over the work he had
given me, and when it was finished
took it down to his office. There was
nobody in the little anteroom, but
through the closed door of the private
room I heard angry voices, followed by
a smothered cry for help. I threw open
the door, and there stood Monsieur
Salles grasping a long thin man by
! the throat. On perceiving me he re-
! leased his hold, but not a word was
spoken. The other man pulled himself
I together, and walked out of the office,
i muttering something I did not under-
stand. Monsieur Salles then turned to
me.

  “ ‘I had to do it,’ he said, ‘and but
for your dropping in I would probably
have throttled him.’

  “Without replying I handed him the
typewritten copies.

  “ ‘Wait a second for me,’ he cried;
‘I want to send off a wire, and will re-
turn at once.’

  “Whilst he was gone my glance wan-
dered to some letters on the table, and
you will understand my dismay when
on one of them I recognized my ex-
husband’s writing. It was a short note,
dated about six months before his ar-
rest. It read:

  “Dear Salles : I have not yet received the
Martinot agreement. The moment it comes
to hand I will send it you. Yours,

                            L. Richard.

  “For a moment I stood stock-still.
The document referred to was among
those I had copied. What did it all
mean ? What fresh villainy was com-
ing to light? I, that man’s divorced
wife, had possibly become an accom-
plice ! Filled with an indescribable
loathing, I gathered up the papers I
had brought, including my ex-hus-
band’s letter, and stuffed them into the
little bag I had brought with me, with
the intention of starting that evening
for Rouen, and made for the door. But
before I reached it Monsieur Salles re-
turned. I have no recollection of the
scene that followed nor of what I said
to him. All I remember is that he
shouted that unless I returned him
these documents he wras a lost man, and
that he finally grasped my arm. But
I shook him off, ran down the stairs,
jumped into a cab, and drove to
Madame Maillard’s. Monsieur Salles
had followed me. As I got out at the
P.ue Montera he again begged me to
let him have the papers. But I pushed
him aw'ay and entered my aunt s house.
In the middle of the night I awoke to
find him concealed beneath my bed.

  “Mad with rage, I hit him with the
first thing I could seize. Curiously
enouqh, the thought that possibly I
might have killed him never struck me,
otherwise I would have been more
frightened. Moreover, these papers
had taken possession of my mind. Evi-
122

THE <PO<PULZ3<R MAGAZINE

dcntly they were of great importance
for Salles to have risked so much! I,
a convict’s 'laughter, a convict’s wife,
saw myself sharing their fate! Inno-
cent, I would have to suffer with the
guilty! But, although well-nigh de-
spairing, I resolved to fight against my
cruel destiny, and having dressed quick-
ly, rushed home to put the papers in
a safe place. 1 returned the next morn-
ing to niv aunt’s, and it was only then
that I began to realize what I had done.
Vou know the rest. And now, what
do you want me to do? What do you
want to do with me ?”

  1 had listened attentively to this ex-
traordinary story, and waited a few
minutes for the lady to master her emo-
tion.

  “You did well to confide in me,” 1
said, “and I will help you. In fact, you
need help, for you have placed yourself
in a strange predicament. You told
everybody that you did not know the
man, and that you hit him on the head
because you thought he was a burglar.
Supposing you had not made these dis-
closures to me, one of two things would
have happened. Either the man—who
apparently had a secret he is afraid to
divulge—having maintained an abso-
lute silence, would have been convicted
of attempting a burglary, in which case
you would have committed an abom-
inable action in allowing this to be
done. Or, afraid of the consequences
of his act, he would have tried to clear
himself by staling why he went to the
house. Just think how this would have
affected you! You would have stood
in the position of one of his confed-
erates—the very thing you were afraid
of. Have you not thought of all this?”

  She turned red to the roots of her
hair.

  “Monsieur Goron,” she at last fal-
tered. “I see how wrong I have been.
But nothing of this struck me. f have
been, and still am, under a spell. My
mind is giving way under it 1"

  She put a hand on either side of her
head and rocked herself to anti fro in
the intensity of her grief.

  “Does Monsieur Salles know you arc
Richard’s divorced wife?” I asked.

  “No. I am sure he does not. He
only knows me by my maiden name.”

  "So much the better. But it is ab-
solutely necessary that this affair
should be settled at once, and I there-
fore must see this Monsieur Salles to-
day. Will you put yourself unreserved-
ly in my hands?”

  “Yes, Monsieur Goron. But you
cannot fight against this spell!"

  “Yes, I can.”

  In less than an hour I arrived at the
infirmary, where to my regret I learned
that the examining magistrate had al-
ready taken the matter in hand. No
lime was to be lost. I found the pseu-
do Duval reclining in an easy chair.

He was very pale.

  “Good afternoon,” I said. “1 hope
you are better/'

  He gave me a quick glance and
looked away. I took a chair near him
and resumed:

  "In a few days you will very likely |
be in the public prosecutor’s hands.
The consequences may then be fatal to J
you. for everybody believes you went
to Madame Maillard's house on bur-
glary bent. Yes, everybody—except ]
myself. I guessed from the very start j
that other motives had prompted you |
to go to that house. I now know these 1#
motives. If you have committed some i
other offense for which you may have J,
to answer, the law must take its course; I
but 1 want to save you from being I
charged with one you never perpe-
trated or intended to perpetrate. Now,
will you speak?”

  His color rose, he breathed heavily, il
but he remained silent.

  “Monsieur Salles," I then cried, “it j |
is no use your playing hide-and-seek
with me. Mademoiselle Alice Brunet (§■
has told me all !M

  He turned quickly toward me with1*
heaving chest and an intense expression
of pain in his eyes. He then suddenly 'w
held out both his hands.

  “Monsieur Goron,” he muttered in a o
husky voice, “you can grasp them.'yj.
They are clean!"

  1 shook his hand, and said;	ji

  "Keep calm. If, as you say—and I ffl
believe your words—your conscience is^jj
THE <RUE MONTE<RA MYSTE<RY

123

clear, my task will be easier. Cut, for
Heaven’s sake, speak !”

  Talking rapidly, as if anxious to rid
himself of an oppressive load, he said :
“You know Mademoiselle Brunet’s
secret. Now hear mine. It will not
take many words to tell. I am from
Montreal, where my father was in the
export trade. His business was thri-
ving*, and some ten years ago he re-
tired with a comfortable fortune. He
bought a pretty* villa on the outskirts of
the city, and we might have been very
happy. But. with nothing to occupy
his mind, lime weighed heavily on him;
and he, who used to have a horror of
gambling, began to speculate. Chance
favored him al first, then his luck
turned, and in order to retrieve his
losses he plunged. Unfortunately he
kept all his affairs from my mother and
me, and we were powerless to interfere.
One day he said he had embarked on a
big scheme that would bring in a for-
tune. Strange men came to the house
with whom he remained closeted, but
nothing transpired of these secret meet-
ings. Some twelve months ago he was
seized with an apopleptic fit, and he is
now lying paralyzed. I had in the
meantime started business on my own
account, and am doing well. Of course,
I came to ray mother’s assistance to ex-
tricate her from the position in which
my father had placed her. My father,
we discovered, had lost the greater part
of his fortune, but there was still
enough left for both to live in compara-
tive comfort. One day we received the
visit of a man called Bedford, an
American. To our horror we learned
that my father had fallen into the
hands of a lot of swindlers and had be-
come seriously compromised. Two of
these men have been convicted. One
who committed forgery is called Rich-
ard-"

  “Mademoiselle Alice Brunet’s ex-
husband.”

  Salles stared at me open-mouthed.
  ‘‘Her husband! Are you positive?”
  ‘‘Quite positive.”

  He remained a moment pensive.

  ‘ 1 his then explains her extraordi-
nary attitude. Well, this Bedford at-

tempted to blackmail us, and I foresaw
a catastrophe. After infinite trouble I
found out the names of the persons in
London and Paris who had been swin-
dled by the gang, my poor father hav-
ing unconsciously helped them in their
work, and the only way to save us all
from disgrace was to refund the vic-
tims. Between my mother and myself
we raised the necessary funds, and [
at once started for Europe. ’ In London
I had no trouble to settle everything,
but that scoundrel Bedford dogged me
to Paris, and by every means tried lo
hinder me from arranging matters. I
nearly killed him in my office the other
day. For all that, I hoped I had over-
come the worst difficulties, when, for
reasons which at the time appeared to
me inexplicable, Mademoiselle Brunet
refused to return me some documents
of the greatest importance. I followed
her to her aunt's, and, determined to
recover my papers at any price. I stole
into the house and hid mvself there.
It was a reckless act. for which I suf-
fered. Had it not been for Mademoi-
selle Brunet, I would probably be now
on my way to Montreal. It is hard on
me and on my poor mother! And this,
Monsieur Goron, is the whole story.”
I could not help stamping my foot.
“Why did you not tell me all this the
first time I saw you, instead of allow-
ing such an ugly charge to hang over
your head ?”

  “Have you ever had your skull bro-
ken, Monsieur Goron?” he asked, with
a bitter smile. “If not, you do not
know the effect it has on the brain.
Mine had ceased to work; and I was
afraid to speak for fear of placing my-
self in a worse plight. Heaven knows
how it all will end!”

  “Let me have all the documents rela-
tive to the whole business, and leave it
all to me." I cried.

  T found the papers at the address he
gave me. and Mademoiselle Brunet
having at my request handed me those
in her possession, I carefully went
through them and satisfied myself that
Salles’ statement to me was true in
every respect. I then laid all the facts
before the public prosecuLor, who at
124

THE <P0<PULJ1<R MAGAZINE

oncc issued the order for the man's re-
lease. A week later Salles called at
my office, and beaming with joy in-
formed me that his mission was now
successfully terminated.

  “I am now returning to Montreal,"
he said, "and shall never forget your
kindness !”

  Three years elapsed. I had been
asked to act as best man to an old
friend, and at two o’clock in the after-
noon arrived at the mairie of the Passv
quarter, where the civil marriage was
to take place. As 1 entered the build-
ing 1 saw a red-haired gentleman with
a big gardenia in his buttonhole at the
door, and I recognized Salles.

  "Are you a happy bridegroom?” I
asked laughingly.

  “Yes," he replied, “and there comes
the bride.”

  A hired brougham drove up, and an
elderly lady and gentleman alighted,
escorting Mademoiselle Alice Brunet,
very gorgeous in violet cloth with a
long train. On seeing me she turned
crimson, and talcing me aside, whis-
pered :

  “1 suppose you are surprised?”

  “No, 1 never am. But what about

the spell?”

  "It’s broken, Monsieur Goron. And
1 am so happy!”

  "You must have broken that ^pell
ihe night you broke Salles’ head?”
"Hush, Monsieur Goron,” she called
out, placing her little gloved hand on
my lips. “We never refer to that!”
Salles now came toward us, but at
that moment the usher called out their
names, and kissing their hands to mt
they ami their friends entered the mar-
riage-hall.

3^35

THE LUCK OF LOTTERY NUMBERS

THERE is no one—not even a Monte Carlo gambler—who is more super-
stitious than the man who expects to make a fortune by a turn of the
lottery-wheel. He is a firm and unshakable believer in lucky numbers,
looks for them all day, dreams of them at night, and sees in the most trivial
happening the key that is to open for him the treasure-house of fortune.

    Many dream the lucky number; others choose their age, or that of a wife
or friend, a row of odd or even numbers, or numbers drawn haphazard out of a
hat: each pinning his or her faith absolutely to the number thus fantastically
chosen.

    In Europe to-day. and especially in Italy, the craze for lucky numbers is
almost universal. A number is dreamed of. and immediately the dreamer rushes
to the ticket-office to purchase it: a man falls from a scaffolding twenty-three
feet high, and the number twenty-three is applied for; a woman sees a cat and
dog playing together, she rushes home, consults her hook of symbols, finds the
two animals represented under number sixty-five: and that number must be
obtained if it is possible, for it is sure to bring hick.

A CURIOUS HOTEL

THERE is a large hotel in Colorado which has a notable feature of interest
in the fart that a trout-stream runs right through its dining-room. A
guest is allowed t:o take roil and line and angle for the fish, which, when
caught, are cooked and served to him at (he next meal, and it is quite a regular
custom for a guest to catch trout for his own breakfast. Needless to say, the
stream is kept well stocked with fish, and is a great attraction to the guests.
Tono-Bungay

By H. G, Wells

Author of ** The Invisible Man, ’1 1 ‘ The Time Machine, ” “ The Wheels of Chance, ’ ’

‘ ‘ The War of the Worlds/T/r.

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

     George Ponderevo, only son of the housekeeper of Bladesover House, falls into disgrace with his
mother and Lady Drew, as the result of pounding Archie Garvell for a slighting reference to his humble
position in life. An imperious little girl, the Honorable Beatrice Normandy, is somewhat responsible for
this boys’ quarrel. George is banished from Bladesover for presuming to oppose his “betters,” and is ap-
prenticed to his uncle Edward Ponderevo, proprietor of a chemist’s shop in Wimblehurst. He finds hi* uncle
and his Aunt Susan most interesting characters. The former wants to be where things happen—London
—America—any place where people “rush about—do things." In the excess of his ambition he invents
on margin his own savings and a small trust-fund placed in his charge for George. The stock tumbles and
he is fi.rced to sell his shop and get a position in London as assistant apothecary. George stay? a while
in Wimblehurst and then goes to London as a student of pharmacy. He visits hi's uncle and find* him and
his wife in poor quarters, but Ponderevo is still full of his schemes for amassing wealth. He whiter*
“Tono-Bungay” significantly as the great secret that will make them all rich, but won’t vouchsafe anv Ex-
planation.^ Later his uncle sends for him and tells him Tono-Bungay is a new patent medicine. " The
"medicine” strikes George as being a “fake” concoction and he is not inclined to accept his uncle's offer of
a position and a share in the business of booming it. After some thought and persuasion he "comes in.”
They advertise “Tono-Bungay” broadcast and reap a tremendous harvest of money for “bottled faith," for
the concoction i3 really without medicinal value. Other preparations and businesses are added and ex-
ploited with the result that Edward Ponderevo becomes a Napoleon of commerce and a power in London.
People come to him with all sorts of new ideas and schemes, begging him to finance them. Among these
is the enterprise of Gordon-Nasmyth to steal an immense heap of “quap,"’ a conglomeration of radium,
thorium, canadiuin and other rare and precious elements, to be had for the taking at Mordet Island on the
Wf-i*	-^r‘ca- . They hold him off because of the doubts and difficulties of the undertaking. Mean-

while Ponderevo and his wife and nephew are living in ever increasing luxury. Ponderevo plans and begins
the building of a stupendous residential palace, Crest Hill. George is interested in aeronautics and devotes
most of his time to inventing and experimenting with flying machines and navigable balloons. While soar-
ing his machine meets with disaster and he is badly hurt. Beatrice Normandy, who has again come into his
life, nurses him to recovery. Their early romance is resumed and they confess to each other their love.

London for some indefinite number of
weeks. I couldn't even pledge her to
write to me, and when she did it was
a brief, enigmatical, friendly letter with
not *a word of the reality between us.

  I wrote back a love-letter—my first
love-letter—and she made no reply for
eight days. Then came a scraw 1: ‘‘I
can’t write letters. Wait till we can
talk. Are you better?”

  I think the reader would be amused
if he couJd see the papers on my desk
as I write all this, the mangled and dis-
figured pages', the experimental ar-
rangements of notes, the sheets of sug-

o i 'rir.is serial began in the September issue. The back numbers can be obtained from any newsdealer.
Price fifteen cents each.

                                                   1b the l ulled	u>4 Grot Britnli. t.j U. G.

UT I	in-

ning to gage the unac-
countable elements in
Beatrice. For a week
after my return to
Lady Grove I had no
sign of her, and then
she called with Lady
Osprey and brought a huge bunch of
perennial sunflowers and Michaelmas
daisies, “just the old flowers there were
in your room,” said my aunt with a re-
lentless eye on me. I didn't get any
talk with Beatrice then and she took
occasion to tell us she was going to
126

THE <POePULAcR MAGAZINE

gesiions balanced in constellations, the
blottesque intellectual battle-grounds
over which 1 have been fighting. 1 find
this account of nn relations to Beatrice
quite the most difficult part of my story
to write. I happen to he a very ob-
jective-minded person: 1 forget my
moods and this was so much an alTair
of moods. And even such moods and
emotions as 1 recall are very difficult to
convey. To me it is about as difficult
as describing a taste or a scent.

  Then the objective story is made up
of little things that are difficult to set in
a proper order. And love is an hys-
terical passion, now high, now low,
now exalted, ami now intensely physical.
No one has ever yet dared to tell a love-
story completely, its alternations, its
comings anti goings, its debased mo-
ments, its hate. The love-stories we
tell, tell only the net consequence, the
ruling effect.

  How can I rescue from the past now
the mystical quality of Beatrice: my
intense longing for her; the overwhelm-
ing, irrational, formless desire? How
can I explain how intimately that wor-
ship mingled with a high impatient re-
solve to make her mine, to take her by
strength and courage, to do my loving
in a violent, heroic manner? And then
the doubts, the puzzled arrest at the
fact of her fluctuation?, at her refusal
to marry me. at the fact that even when
at last she returned to Bedley Corner
she seemed to evade me? She returned
to Bedley Corner, and for some weeks
s:*e was flitting about me, and never
once could I have talk with her alone.
When she came to my sheds Carpabv
was always with her, jealously observ-
ant. Why the devil couldn’t she send
him about his business? The days
slipped by and my anger gathered.

  All this mingles with the making of
Lord Robots b. I had resolved upon
that one night as 1 lay awake at
Bedley Corner: I got it planned out
before the bandages were off my
face. I conceived this second navigable
balloon in a grandiose manner. It was
lo be a second Lord Roberts a. only
more so; it was to be three times as big,
large enough to carry three men, and

^>c an altogether triumphant

vindication of my claims upon the air.
The framework was to be hollow like
a bird's bones, air-tight, and the air
pumped in or out as the weight of fuel
I carried changed. I talked much and
boasted to Cothope—whom 1 suspected
of skepticisms about this new type—
of what it would do, and it progressed
—slowly. At times 1 would ro away
to London to snatch some chance of
seeing Beatrice there, at times nothing
but a day of gliding and hard and dan-
gerous exercise would satisfy me. And
now in the newspapers, in conversation,
in everything about me, arose a new
invader of my mental slates. Some-
thing was happening to the great
schemes of my uncle s affairs; people
were beginning to doubt, to question.
It was the first quiver ci his tremendous
insecurity, the first wobble of that gi-
gantic credit top he ha 1 kept spinning
so long.

   There were comings and goings, No-
vember and December slipped by. I
had two unsatisfactory meetings with
Beatrice, meetings that had no privacy
—in which we said things of the sort
lhat need atmosphere, badly and fur-
tively. 1 wrote to her several times and
she wrote back notes that 1 would
sometimes respond to altogether, some-
times condemn as insincere evasions.
“You don’t understand. I can't just
now explain. Be patient with me.
Leave things a little while to me." So
she wrote to me.

   I would talk aloud to these notes and
wrangle over them in my workroom—
while the plans of Lord Roberts b
waited.

  “You don’t give me a chance!” I
would say. “Why don't you let me
know the secret? That's what 1m for
—to settle difficulties r

   And at last 1 could hold out no longer
against these accumulating pressures.

   1 took an arrogant, outrageous line
that left her no loopholes; I behaved
as though we were living in a melo-
drama.	„

  “You must come and talk to me. 1
wrote, “or I will come and take you.
I want you—and the time runs away.
TO NO-® UNGA Y

127

    We met in a ride in the upper plan-
  tations. It must have been early in
  January, for there was snow on the
  ground and on the brandies of the
  trees. We walked to and fro for an
  hour or more, and from the first I
  pitched the key high in romance and
  made understandings impossible. It
  was our worst time together. I boasted
  Itkeran actor, and she, I know not why,
  was tired and spiritless.

    “What are the difficulties ?” I cried.
  “There’s no difficulty I will not over-
  come for you! Do your people think
  I'm no equal for you? Who says it?
  My dear, tell me to win a title! I’ll do
  it in five years!

    “Here am I just grown a man at the
  sight of yon. I have wanted some-
  thing to fight for. Let me fight for
  you!

    “I’m rich without intending it. Let
  me mean it, give me an honorable ex-
  cuse for it, and I’ll put all this rotten
  old warren of England at your feet!”

    I said such things as that. I write
  them down here in all their resounding
  base pride. I said these empty and
  foolish things and they are part of me.
  Why should I still cling to pride and
  ! be ashamed? I shouted her down.

    I passed from such megalomania to
I petty accusations.

    “You think Carnaby is a better man
( than I?” I said.

    “No!” she cried, stung to speech.

#	“No!”

“You think we’re unsubstantial.
You’ve listened to all these rumors
Boom has started because we talked of a
i newspaper of our own. When you are
with me you know I’m a man ; when
i you get away from me you think I’m
a cheat and a cad. There’s not a word
| of truth in the things they say about
us. I’ve been slack, I’ve left things.

J But we have only to exert ourselves.
IIYou do not know how wide and far we
have spread our nets. Even now we
have a coup—an expedition—in hand.
I1' It will put us on a footing.”

I-v'	e3res asked mutely and asked in

"vain that I would cease to boast of the
  very qualities she admired in me.

  In the night I could not sleep for
thinking of that talk and the vulgar
things 1 had said in it. I could not
understand the drift my mind had
taken. 1 was acutely disgusted. And
my unwonted doubts about myself
spread from a merely personal discon-
tent to our financial position. It was
all very well to talk as I had done of
wealth and power and peerage, hut
what did I know nowadays of my un-
cle’s position? Suppose in the midst
of such boasting and confidence there
came some turn I did not suspect, some
rottenness he had concealed from me?
I resolved 1 had been playing with
aeronautics long enough, that next
morning I would go to him and have
things clear between us.

  I caught an early train and went up
to the Hardingham.

 I went up to the Hardingham
through a dense London fog to see
how things really stood. Before I had
talked to mv uncle for ten minutes I
felt like a man who has just awakened
in a bleak, inhospitable room out of a
grandiose dream.

CHAPTER IX.

IJOW r STOLE THE IIEATS OF QUAP FROM
MORDET ISLAND.

  “We got to make a fight for it,” said
my uncle. “We got to face the music. "

  I remember that even at the sight of
him I had a sense of impending calam-
ity. He sat under the electric light
with the shadow of his hair making
bars down his face. He looked shrunk-
en and sallow as though his skin had
suddenly got loose and yellow. The
decorations of the room seemed to
have lost freshness, and outside—the
blinds were up—there was not so much
fog as a dun darkness. One saw the
dingy outlines of the chimneys oppo-
site quite distinctly, and then a sky of
t^^h a brown as only London can dis-
play.

  “I saw a placard,” I said; “‘More
Ponderevity.’ "

  “That’s Boom.” he said. “Boom and
his damned newspapers. He’s trying
128

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

to fight me clown. Ever since I of-
fered to buy the Daily Decorator he’s,
been at me. And lie thinks consolida-
ting Do l’t cut down the ads. lie wants
everything, damn him! lie's got no
sense of dealing. I’d like to bash his
face!”

  "Well," 1 said; “what’s to be done?”
  “Keep going," said my uncle.

  “I’ll smash Boom yet," he said with
sudden savagery.

  “Nothing else?” 1 asked.

  “We got to keep going. There’s a
scare on. Did you notice the rooms?
Half the people out there this morning
are reporters. And if 1 talk they touch
it up! They didn’t used to touch things
up! Now they put in character
touches—insulting you. Don’t know
what journalism’s coming to. It’s all
Boom’s doing.”

  He cursed Lord Boom with consid-
erable imaginative vigor.

•'W ell." I said, “what can he do?”
“Shove us up against time, George;
make money tight for us. We been
handling a lot of money—and he
tightens us up.”

  “We’re sound?”

  “Oh, we’re sound, George. Trust
me for that! But all the same—there’s
such a lot of imagination in these
things. We’re sound enough. That’s
not it.”

  He blew. “Damn Boom!" he said,
and his eyes over his glasses met mine
defiantly.

  *'We can't. 1 suppose, run close-
hauled for a bit—stop expenditure?”
“Where?”

  “Well—Crest Hill.”

  “What!” he shouted. “Me stop
Crest Hill for Boom 1” He waved a
fist as if to hit his inkpot and con-
trolled himself with difficulty. He
spoke at last in a reasonable voice.
“If I did,” fie said, “he’d kick up a
fuss* It’s no good even if 1 war^d
to. Everybody’s watching the pltftt.
If I was to stop building we'd be down
in a week.”

  He had an idea. “I wish I could do
something to start a strike or some-
thing. No such luck. Treat those

workmen a sight too well. No, sink or
swim. Crest Hill goes on until we’re
under water.”

  I began to ask questions and irri-
tated him instantly.

  ■'< >h. dash these explanations,
George!” he cried; "you only make
tilings look rottener than they are. It’s
your way. It isn’t a case of figures.
We're all right—there’s only one thing
we got to do.”

  "Yes?”

  “Show value, George. That’s where
this quap comes in; that's why I fell
in so readily with what you brought to
me week before last. Here we are, we
got our option on the perfcct filament,
and all we want’s canadium. Nobody
knows there's more canadium in the
world than will go on the edge of a six-
pence except me and you. Nobody has
an idee the perfect filament's more than
just a bit of theorizing. Fifty tons of
quap and we’d turn that bit of the-
orizing into somethin’—we’d make the
lamp trade sit on its tail and howl.
We’d put Ediswan and all of ’em into
a parcel with our last year's trousers 1
and a hat, and swap ’em off for a pot
of geraniums. See? We’d do it
through Business Organizations, and
there you are! See? Capern’s Patent
Filament! The Ideal and the Real!
George, we'll do it! We’ll bring it off! j
And then we’ll give such a facer to
Boom: he'll think for fifty years. He’s
laving up for our London and African
meeting. Let him. He can turn the
whole paper onto us. He says the
Business Organizations' shares aren’t
worth fifty-two, and we quote ’em at
eighty-four. Well, here we are. Get-
tin’ ready for him—loading our gun.”
His pose was triumphant.

   "Yes,” I said, “that’s all right. But
1 can’t help thinking where should we .
be if we hadn't just by accident got |
Capern’s Perfect Filament. Because,
you know it was an accident—my buy-
ing up like that.”

  He crumpled up his nose into an ex-
pression of impatient distaste at my un-
reasonableness.	. , . T

   “And after all. the meetings in June, j
and you haven’t begun to get the quap. j
TONO-‘BUNGA Y

129

  After all, we’ve still got to load our

 gt,n.-’*

    “They start on Toosday.”

    “Have they got the brig?”

    "They've got a brig/’
    “Gordon-Nasim th j” I doubted.

    ‘‘Safe as a bank," be said. "More I
 sec of that man the more 1 like him.
 All I wish is we’d got a steamer in-
 stead of a sailing ship-”

   “And,” I went on, “you seem to
 overlook what used to weigh with us a
 bit. This canadium side of the busi-
 ness and the Capern chance have
 rushed you off your legs. After all—
 it's stealing, and in its way an inter-
 national outrage. They've got two gun-
 boats ou the coast.”

    I jumped up and went and stared out
 at the fog.

    "And, by Jove, it’s about our only
 chance ! I didn't dream."

    I turned on him. “I've been up in
 the air," I said. "Heaven knows where
 I haven't been. And here’s our only
 chance—and you give it to lhat adven-
 turous lunatic to play in his own way
 —in a brig!”

 "Well, you had a voice-”

 “1 wish I’d been in this before. We
 ought to have run out a steamer to
 Lagos or one of those West Coast
 places and done it from there. Fancy
 a brig in the Channel at ibis time of
 year, if it blows southwest!”

 “I dare say you’d have shoved it,
 George. Still—you know, George, I
 believe in him."

 "Yes,” I said. "Yes, T believe in

 him, too. In a way. Still-”

 He took up a telegram that was lying
 on his desk and opened it. His "face
 became a livid yellow. He put the
 flimsy pink paper down with a slow,
 reluctant movement and took oft' his
 glasses.

  "George,” he said, “the luck’s against
  us. ’

 “What?”

 He grimaced with his mouth in the
 queerest wav at the telegram.

 “That.”

  I took it up and read:

  M- tor smash compound fracture of the leg
  gordon nasjnyth what price mordct now

    9

   For a moment neither of us spoke.
   “That’s all right," I said at last.

   “Eh ?" said my uncle.

   “I’m going. I’ll get that quap or
bust.”

2.

    I had a ridiculous persuasion that I
 was "saving the situation.”

    "I m going," I said quite consciously
 and dramatically. I saw the whole af-
 fair—how shall I put it t—in American
 colors.

   I sat down beside him. "Give me all
the data you’ve got,” I said, "and I'll
pull this thing off.”

   “But nobody knows exactlv where
it-”

    “Nasmyth does, and he’ll tell me.”

   “He’s been very close," said my un-
cle, and regarded me.

   "He'll tell me all right now he’s
smashed.”

   He thought. "I believe he will.

   "George," he said, "if you pull this
thing off ! Once or twice before you’ve
stepped in—with that sort of Woosh of
yours-”

    Fie left the sentence unfinished.

   “Give me that note-book,” I said,
“and tell me all you know. Where’s
the ship? Where’s Pollack? And
where's that telegram from? If that
quap's to be got, I'll get it or bust. If
you'll hold on here until 1 get back
with it.”

   And so it was I jumped into the
wildest adventure of my life.

   I requisitioned my uncle’s best car
forthwith. I went down that night to
the place of despatch named on Nas-
myth's telegram, Bampton. routed him
out with a little trouble from that cen-
ter, made things right with him and got
his explicit directions; and I was in-
specting the Maud Mary with young
Pollack, his cousin and aide, the follow-
ing afternoon. She was rather a shock
to me and not at all in my style, a beast
of a brig inured to the potato trade,
and she reeked from end to end with
the faint subtle smell of raw potatoes
so that it prevailed even over the tem-
porary smell of new paint.
130

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  S!a* was a beast of a brig, all hold
ami dirty framework, and they had bal-
lasted her with old iron and old rails
and iron sleepers, and gut a miscella-
neous lot of spades and iron wheel-
barrows against the loading of the
quap. 1 thought her pver with Pol-
lack. one of those tall blond young
men who smoke pipes and don't help
much, and then by myself, and as a
result I did my be>t to sweep Graves-
end clean of uheeling-planks, and got
in a- much cord and small rope as 1
could for lashing. 1 had an idea we
might need to run up a jetty. In addi-
tion to much ballast she .held remotely
hidden in a sort of inadvertent way a
certain number of ambiguous cases
which I didn't examine, but which I
gathered were a provision against the
need of a trade.

  The captain was a most extraordi-
nary creature, under the impression we
were after copper ore; he was a Rou-
manian Jew, with twitching, excitable
features, w ho had made his way to a
certificate after some preliminary naval
experiences in .the Black Sea. The mate
was an Essex man of impenetrable re-
serve. The crew were astoundingly ill
clad and destitute and dirty; most of
them youths, unwashed, out of colliers.
One, the cook, was a mulatto; and one,
the best-built fellow of them all, was a
Breton. There was some subterfuge
about our position on board—I forget
the particulars now—I w’as called the
supercargo and Pollack was the stew-
ard. This added to the piratical flavor
that insufficient funds and Gordon-
Nasmyth's original genius had already
given the enterprise.

  Those two days of bustle at Graves-
end. under dingy skies, in narrow, dirty
streets, were a new experience for me.
It i^ like nothing else in my life. I
realized that I was a modern and a
civilized man. I found the food filthy
and the coffee horrible; the whole town
stank in my nostrils, the landlord of
the Good Intent on the quay had a
stand-up quarrel with us before 1 could
get. even a hot bath, and the bedroom
I slept in was infested by a quantity
of exotic but voracious Hat parasites

called locally "bugs," in the walls, in
the woodwork, everywhere. ] fought
them with insect-powder, and found
them comatose in the morning.

  Let me confess that through all this
time before we started 1 w'as immensely
self-conscious, and that Heat rice played
the part of audience in my imagination
throughout. I was. as 1 say. "saving
the situation," and 1 was acutely aware '
of that. The evening before we sailed,
instead of revising our medicine-chest
as I had intended, I look the car and
ran across country to Lady Grove to
tell my aunt of the journey I was ma-
king, dress, and astonish Lady Osprey
by an after-dinner call.

  The two ladies were at home and
alone beside a big fire that seemed won-
derfully cheerful after the winter night, j
I remember the effect of the little par-
lor in which they sat as very bright and |
domestic. Lady Osprey in a costume ]
of mauve and lace sat on a chintz sofa
and played an elaborately spread-out
patience by the light of a tall shaded
lamp; Beatrice in a white dress that j
showed her throat smoked a cigarette in j
an armchair and read with a lamp at her |
elbow. The room was white-paneled |
and chintz-curtained. About these two |
bright centers of light were warm dark ]
shadows in which a circular mirror
shone like a pool of brown water. I
carried oil my raid by behaving like a
slave of etiquette. There were mo-
ments when I think I really made Lady
Osprey believe that my call was an I
unavoidable necessity, that it would
have been negligent of me not to call I
just how and when I did. But at the 1
best those were transitory moments. I

  They received me with disciplined I
amazement. Lady Osprey was inter- I
ested in my face and scrutinized the I
scar. Beatrice stood behind her solid- j
tude. Our eyes met, and in hers I |
could see startled interrogations.

  “I'm going,” I said, “to the west j
coast of Africa."	.	I

  They asked questions, but it suited J
my mood to be vague.

  “We’ve interests there. It is urgent
I should go. I don’t know when I may
return.''
TONO-BUNGAY

131

  After that I perceived Beatrice sur-
veyed me steadily.

  The conversation was rather difficult.
I embarked upon lengthy thanks for
their kindness lo me after my accident.
I tried to understand Lad}' Osprey's
game of patience, but it didn’t appear
that Lady Osprey was anxious for me
to understand her patience. I came to
the verge of taking my leave.

  “You needn’t go yet,” said Beatrice
abruptly.

  She walked across to the piano, took
a pile of music from the cabinet near,
surveyed Lady Osprey’s back, and with
a gesture to me dropped it all delib-
erately onto the floor.

  “Must talk,’’ she said, kneeling close
to me as I helped her to pick it up.
“Turn my pages. At the piano/’

  “I can’t read music.”

  “Turn my pages.”

  Presently we were at the piano, and
Beatrice was playing with noisy inac-
curacy. She glanced over her shoulder
and Lady Osprey had resumed her pa-
tience. The old lady was very pink,
and appeared to be absorbed in some
attempt to cheat herself without our
observing.

  “Isn’t West Africa a vile climate ?
Are you going to live there? Why are
you going ?”

  Beatrice asked these questions in a
low voice and gave me no chance to
answer. Then taking a rhythm from
the music before her, she said :

  “At the back of the house is a gar-
den—a door in the wall—on the lane.
Understand ?”

  I turned over two pages without any
effect1 on her playing.

  “When?” I asked.

  She dealt in chords. “I wish I could
play this !” she said. “Midnight.”

  She gave her attention to the music
for a time.

  “You may have to wait.”

  “I’ll wait.”

  She brought her playing to an end by
—as schoolboys say—“stashing it up.”
“I can’t plav to-night,” she said,
standing up and meeting my eyes. “I
wanted to give vou a parting volun-
tary.”

  “Was that Wagner. Beatrice?” asked
Lady Osprey, looking up from her
cards. “It sounded very confused.”

  I took my leave. I had a curious
twinge of conscience as I parted from
Lady Osprey. Either a first intimation
of middle age or my inexperience in
romantic affairs was to blame, but I
felt a very distinct objection to the
prospect of invading this good lady's
premises from the garden door. I mo-
tored up to the pavilion, found Cothope
reading in bed, told him for the first
time of West Africa, spent an hour
with him in settling all the outstanding
details of Lord Roberts b, and left that
in his hands to finish against my return.
I sent the motor back to Lady Grove,
and still wearing my fur coat—for the
January night was damp and bitterly
cold—walked back to Bedley Corner.

  I found the lane to the back of the
Dower House without any difficulty,
and was at the door in the wall with
ten minutes to spare. I lit a cigar and
fell to walking up and down. This
queer flavor of intrigue, this nocturnal
garden-door business, had taken me by
surprise and changed my mental atti-
tudes. I was* startled out of my ego-
tistical pose and thinking intently of
Beatrice, of that elfin quality in her
that always pleased me, that always took
me by surprise, that had made her for
example so instantly conceive this
meeting.

  She came within a minute of mid-
night ; the door opened softly and she
appeared, a short, gray figure in a
motor-coat of sheepskin, bareheaded to
the cold drizzle. She flitted up to me,
and her eyes were shadows in her
dusky face.

 “Why are you going to West
Africa ?” she asked at once.

  “Business crisis. I have to go.”

 “You’re not going- You're com-
ing back ?”

  “Three or four months,” I said. ”at
most.”

  “Then, it’s nothing to do with me?"

  “Nothing.” I said. “Why should It
have ?”

  “Oh. that’s all right. One never
knows what people think or what peo-
.32

IHE <POVULA<R MAGAZINE

pie fane;* ' She i.ook me by the arm.
"Let's go tOi ? walk,” she said.

  I looked about me at darkness and
rain.

  ‘‘That’s all right,” she laughed. ‘‘We
can go along the lane and into the Old
W oking Road. Do you mind r Of
course you don’t, ivlv nead ? 1^ doesn't

matter. One never meets anybody."
  “How do you know ?”

  "I’ve wandered like this before. Of
course. Did you think”—she nodded
her head back at her home—‘‘that’s
ill ?’’

  “No, by Jove!” I cried; “it's mani-
fest it isn't,”

  She took my arm and turned me
down the lane. “Night’s my time." she
-aid b\ my side. “There's a touch of
the werwolf in my blood. One never
knows in these old families. I’ve won-
dered often. Here we are, anyhow,
alone in the world. Just darkness and
cold and a sky of clouds and wet. And
we—together. I like the wet on my
face and hair, don't you? When do
you sail ?”

  I told her. “To-morrow.”

  “Oh, well, there’s no to-morrow now.
You and I!” She stopped and con-
fronted me.

  “You don’t say a word except to
answer!”

  “No,” I said.

  "Last time you did all the talking."

  “Like a fool. Now-”

  We looked at each other’s dim face.
“You’re glad to be here ?”

  “I'm glad—I'm beginning to be—it's
tr. chan glad.”

  She put her hands on my shoulders
nd drew me down to kiss her.

  “Ah!” she said, and for a moment or
  we just citing to one another.

  That’s all.” she said, releasing her-
self. “What bundles of clothes we are
to- Mght! I felt we should kiss some
day again. Always. The last time
was ages ago."

  “Among the fern-stalks."

  “Among the bracken. You remem-
ber? And your lips were cold. Were
mine? The same lips—after so long—
after so much I And now let’s trudge
through this blotted-out world together

for a time. Yes, let inc take your
arm. Just trudge, see? Hold tight
to me because I know the way—
and don’t talk—don’t talk. Unless
you want to talk. Let me tell you
things. You sec*, dear, the whole
vorld is blotted out—it’s dead and
gone, and we’re in this place. This
■\-rk wild place. We’re dead. Or all
e world is dead, No! We’re -lead.
No one can see us. We’re shadows.
We’ve got out of our positions, out of
our bodies—and together. That’s the
good thing of it—together. That's the
why the world can’t see us and why we
hardly see ihe world. Ssh! Is it all
right?”

  “It’s all right,” I said.

  We stumbled along for a time in a
close silence. We passed a dim-lit, rain-
veiled window.

  "The silly world,” she said, “the silly
world! If eats and sleeps. If tin- wet
didn’t patter so from the trees we'd
hear it snoring. It’s dreaming such
'tupid things—stupid judgments. It
doesn't know we are passing, we two—
free of it—clear of it. Yon and I!"

  We pressed against each other reas-
suringly.

  “I’m glad we’re dead," she whis-
pered. ‘Tin glad we’re dead. I was
tired of it dear. 1 was so tired of it,
dear, and so entangled.’’

  She stopped abruptly.

  We splashed through a string of pud-
dles. I began to remember things I
had meant to say.

  "Lcok here!” I cried. “I want to
help yoi beyond measure. You are en-
tangled. What is t1 e trouble? I asked
you to marry me. a~u said you would.
But there’s someth..g."

  My thoughts s unded clumsy as T
said them.

  “Is it somethin', bout my position?
Or is it something perhaps—about
some other man ?”

  There was an immense assenting si-
lence.

  "You’ve puzzled me so. At first—I
mean quite early—I thought you meant
to make me marry you.”

  “I did.”

 “And then-"
TONO-BUNGAY

133

  “To-night/’ she said after a lon^f
pause, “I can't explain. I love you!
i-lit—explanations! To-night—my dear,
here we are in the world alone—
aud the world doesn't matter. Nothing
matters. Here am I in the cold with
you—and my bed away there deserted.
I'd tell you—I will tell you when things
enable me to tell you, and soon enough
they will. But to-night—1 won't, I
won’t.”

  ©he left my side and went in front
of me.

  She turned upon me. “Look here,”
she said, “I insist upon your being dead.
Do you understand? I’m not joking.
To-night you and I are out of life. It's
our time together. There may be other
times, but this we won't spoil. We're
—in Hades if you like. Where there's
nothing to hide and nothing to tell.
No bodies even. No bothers. We
loved each other—down there—and
were kept apart, but now it doesn’t
matter. It’s over. If 3-011 won't agree

lo	that—I will go home.”

  “I wanted-” I began.

  “I know! Oh! my dear, if*you’d
only understand I understand. If you'd
only not care—and love me to-night."
‘‘I do love you,” I said.

  "Then love me,” she answered, “and
leave all these things that bother you.
Love me ! Here I am !”

 "But-’’

  “No!” she said.

  “Well, have your way.”

  She carried her point, and we wan-
dered into the quiet together and Bea-
trice talked to me of love.

  I’d never heard a woman before in
all my life who could talk of love, who
could lay bare and develop and touch
with imagination all that mass of fine
emotion every woman, it may be, hides.
She had read of love, she had thought
of love, a thousand sweet lyrics had
sounded through her brain and left tine
fragments in her memory ; she poured it
out, all of it, shamelessly, skilfully, for
me. I cannot give any sense of that
talk. I cannot even tell how much of
the delight of it was the magic of her
voice, the glow of her near presence.
And always we walked swathed warm-

ly through a chilly air, along dim. in-
terminable greasy roads—with never a
soul abroad it seemed but 11s, never a
beast in the fields.

  “Why do people love each other ?” I
said.

  “Why not?”

  “But why do I love you? Why is
your voice better than any voice, your
face sweeter than any face ?”

  “And why do I love you?” she asked ;
“not only what is fine in you, but what
isn't? Why do I love your dulness,
your arrogance? For I do. To-night
I love the very rain-drops on the fur of
your coat."

  So we talked; and at last very wet,
still glowing but a little tired, we parted
at the garden door. We had been
wandering for two hours in our strange
irrational community of happiness, and
all the world about us, and particularly
Lady Osprey and her household, had
been asleep—and dreaming of anything
rather than Beatrice in the night and
rain.

  She stood in the doorway a muffled
figure with eyes that glowed.

  “Come back,” she whispered. "I shall
wait for you.”

  She hesitated.

  She touched the lapel of my coat. "I
love you 11010,” she said, and lifted her
face to mine.

  I held her to me and was atromble
from top to toe. “O God!” I cried.
“And I must go !”

  She slipped from my arms and
paused regarding me. For an instant
the world seemed full of fantastic pos-
sibilities.

  “Yes, go!” she said, and vanished and
slammed the door upon me, leaving me
alone like a man now fallen from fairy-
land in the black darkness of the night.

3-

  That expedition to Mordet Island
stands apart from all the rest of mv
life, detached, a piece by itself with an
atmosphere of its own.

  Vile weather, an impatient fretting
against unbearable slowness and delay,
134

TH'E ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

seasickness, general discomfort and hu-
miliating self-revelation are the master-

values of these memories.

  I was sick all through the journey
out. I don't Know why. It was the
only time I was ever seasick, and I
have seen some pretty had weather
since 1 became a boat-builder. But that
phantom smell of potatoes was pecul-
iar!) vile to me. “ Coining back on the
brig we were all ill, every one of us. so
soon as we got lo sea. poisoned I firmly
believe by quap. On the way out most
of the others recovered in a few days,
but the stuffiness below, the coarse food,
the cramped, dirty accommodation kept
me, if not actually seasick, in a slate of
acute physical wretchedness the whole
time. The ship abounded in cockroaches
and more intimate vermin. I was cold
all the time until after we passed Cape
Verde; then I became steamily hot; I
had been too preoccupied with Beatrice
and my keen desire to get the Maud
Mary under way at once, to consider
a proper wardrobe for myself, and in
particular I lacked a coat. Heavens!
how I lacked that coat! And, more-
over. I was cooped up with two of the
worst bores in Christendom, Pollack
and the captain.

  Pollack, after conducting his illness
in a style better adapted to the capacity
of an opera-house than a small com-
partment, suddenly got insupportably
well and breezy, and produced a manly
pipe in which he smoked a tobacco as
blond as himself, and divided his time
almost equally between smoking it and
trying to clean it.

  “There’s only three things you can
clean a pipe with,” lie used lo remark
with a twist of paper in hand. "The
best’s a feather, the second’s a straw,
and the third's a girl's hairpin. T never
see such a ship. You can’t find any
of 'em. Last time I came this way I
did find hairpins, anyway, and found
'em on the floor of the captain's cabin.
Regular deposit. Eh? Feelin’ better?”

  At which I usually swore.

  “Oh, you'll be'all right soon. Don’t
mind my puffin' a bit? Eh?”

He never tired of asking me to “have
a hand at nap. Good game. Makes

you forget it, and that's half the bat-
tle.”

  Me would sit swaying with the roll-
ing of the ship and suck at his pipe of
blond tobacco and look with an ex-
pressibly sage but somnolent blue eye at
the captain by the hour together. “Cap-
tain's a card,’’ he would say over and
over again as the outcome of these
meditations. “Ile'd like to know what
we're up to. He’d like to know—no
end.’’

  That did seem to be the captain’s
ruling idea. But he also wanted to
impress me with the notion that he was
a gentleman of good family and to air
a number of views adverse to the Eng-
lish literature, to the English constitu-
tion, and the like. lie had learned the
sea in the Roumanian navy, and Eng-
lish out ot a book; he would still at
times pronounce the e’s at the end of
“there” and “here"; he was a natural-
ized Englishman and he drove me into
a reluctant and uncongenial patriotism
by his everlasting carping at things
English. Pollack would set himself to
“draw him out." Heaven alone can tell
how near I came to murder.

  Fifty-three days I had outward,
cooped up with these two and a shy
and profoundly depressed mate who
read the Bible on Sun*lays and spent
the rest of his leisure in lethargy, three
and fifty days of life cooped up in a
perpetual smell, in a persistent sick hun-
ger that turned from the sight of food,
in darkness, cold and wet, in a lightly
ballasted ship that rolled and pitched
and swayed. And all the time the
sands in the hour-glass of my uncle's
fortunes were streaming out! Misery!
Amidst it all I remember only one thing
brightly, one morning of sunshine in
the Bay of Biscay and a vision of froth-
ing waves, sapphire-green, a bird fol-
lowing in our wake and our masts roll-
ing about the sky. i hen w’ind and rain
close in on us again.

  Von must not imagine they were
ordinary days, days I mean of an aver-
age length ; they were not so much days
as long damp slabs of time that
stretched each one to the horizon, and
much of that length was night. One
TONO-BUNGAY

135

paraded the staggering- deck in a bor-
rowed sou’wester hour after hour in the
chilly, windy, splashing and spitting
darkness, or sat in the cabin, bored and
ill, arid looked at the faces of those in-
separable companions by the help of a
lamp that gave smell rather than light.
Then one would see going up. up. up,
and then sinking down, down, down,
Pollack, extinct pipe in mouth, humor-
ously observing, bringing his mind
slowly' to the seventy-seventh decision
that the captain was a card, while the
words flowed from the latter in a nim-
ble incessant flood. “Dis England eet
is not a country aristocratic, no! Eet
is a glorified bourgeoisie! Eet is plu-
tocratic. In England dere is no aristoc-
racy since de Wars of Roses. In the
rest of Europe east of the Latins, }^es;
in England, no.

  “Eet is all middle class, youra Eng-
land. Everything you look at, middle
class. Respectable! Everything good
—eet is, you say, shocking. Madame
Grundy ! Eet is all limited and com-
puting and self-seeking. Dat is why
your art is so limited, youra fiction,
youra philosophia, why you are all so
inartistic. You want nothing but profit!
What vyill pay! "What would you?”

  He had all those violent adjuncts to
speech we Western Europeans have
abandoned, shruggings of the shoulders,
waving of the arms, thrusting out of the
face, wonderful grimaces and twid-
dlings of the hands under your nose
until you wanted to hit them away.
Day after day it went on, and I had
to keep my anger to myself, to reserve
myself for the time ahead when it
would be necessary to see the quap was
got aboard and stowed—knee-deep in
this man’s astonishment. I knew he
would make a thousand objections to
all we had before us. He talked like
a drugged man. It ran glibly "Over his
tongue. And all the time one could
see his seamanship fretting him, he was
gnawed by responsibility, perpetually
uneasy about the ship’s position, per-
petually imagining dangers. If a sea
hit us exceptionally hard he’d be out of
the cabin in an instant making an out-
cry of inquiries, and he was pursued

by a dread of the hold, of ballast shift-
ing, of insidious wicked leaks. As we
drew near the African coast his fear
of rocks and shoals became infectious.

  "I/do not know dis coa.st,” lie used
to say. “1 cama hera because Gordon-
Nasmyth was coming too. Den he docs
not come!”

  "Fortunes of war,” I said, arid tried
to think in vain if any motive but -beer
haphazard could have guided Gordon-
Nasmytb in the choice of ihe'e two
men. I think perhaps Gordon-Nas-
myth had the artistic temperament and
wanted contrasts, and also that the cap-
tain helped him to express his own ma-
lignant anti-Britishism. He was indeed
an exceptionally inefficient captain. On
the whole I was glad I had come even
at the eleventh hour to see to things.

  The captain, hy the by, did at" last,
out of sheer nervousness, get aground
at the end of Mordet's Island, but we
got oft in an hour or so with a swell
and a little hard work in the boat.

  I suspected the mate of hi' opinion
of the captain long before lie expressed
it. He was, I say, a taciturn man. b it
one day speech broke through him. He
had been sitting at the table with his
arms folded on it, musing drearily, pipe
in mouth, and the voice of the captain
drifted down from above.

  The mate lifted his heavy eyes to ine
and regarded me for a moment. Then
lie began to heave with the beginnings
of speech. He disembarrass 1 himself
of his pipe. I cowered with expecta-
tion. Speech was coming at last. Re-
fore he spoke he nodded reassuringly
once or twice.

  He moved his head strangely
mysteriously, but a child mi^ht
known he spoke of the captain.

  “ ’E’s a foreigner.”

  He regarded me doubtfully for a
time, and at last decided for the sake
of lucidity to clench the matter.

  “That's what 'e is—a dago!"

  He nodded like a man who gives a
last tap to a nail, and I could see he
considered his remark well and truly
laid. His face, though still resolute,
became as tranquil and uneventful as

and

have
136

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

a huge hall after a public meeting has
dispersed out of it, and finally be closed
and locked it with his pipe.

   " Roumanian Jew, isn't he?” I said.

  He nodded darkly and almost forbid-
dingly.

  More would have been too much.
The thin- was said. But from that
time forth I knew I could depend upon
him and that he and 1 were friends.
It happens ! ver did have to depend
upon him, but that does not affect our
relationship

  Forwatd the crew lived lives very
much after the fashion of ours, more
crowded, more cramped and dirty, wet-
ter. steamier, more verminous. The
coarse food they had was still not so
coarse but that they did not think they
were living “like fighting-cocks.” So
far as I could make out they were all
nearly destitute men, hardly any of
them had a proper sea-outfit, and what
small possessions they bad were a
source of mutual distrust. And as we
pitched and floundered southward they
gambled and fought, were brutal to one
another, argued and wrangled loudly,
until we protested at the uproar.

  There's no romance about the sea in
a -mall sailing ship as I saw it. The
romance is in the mind of the landsman
dreamer. Those brigs and schooners
and brigantines that still stand out from
every little port are relics from an age
of petty trade, as rotten and obsolescent
as a Georgian house that has sunken
into a slum. They are indeed just float-
ing fragments of slum, much as ice-
bergs are floating fragments of glacier.
The civilized man who has learned to
wash, who has developed a sense of
physical honor, of cleanly temperate
feeding, of time, can endure them no
more. They pass, ami the clanking coal-
wasting steamers will follow them, giv-
ing place to cleaner, finer things.

  But so it was I made my voyage to
Africa, and came at last into a world of
steamy fogs and a hot smell of vegeta-
ble decay, and into sound and sight of
surf and distant intermittent glimpses
of the coast. I lived a strange concen-
trated life through all that time, such a
life as a creature must do that has

fallen in a well. All my former ways
ceased, all my old vistas became mem-
ories.

   ' h: situatic*n I was saving vva.- very
small and distant now ; 1 felt its urgency
no more. Beatrice and Lady t.irove,
my uncle and the Hardingham, mv
soaring in the ait and my habitua; wide
vision of s\\ ift effectual things, became
as remote as if they were in some world
I had left forever.

4.

  All these African memories qv ' b\
themselves. It was for me an >di-
tion into the realms of undisr piir*«d
nature out of the world that I- rt led by
men, my first bout with that hot side
of our mother that gives you the jungle
—that cold side that gives you the air-
eddv 1 was beginning to know passing
well. They are memories woven upon
a fabric of sunshine and heat and a
constant warm smell of decay. They
end in rain—such rain as I had never
seen before, a vehement, a frantic
downpouring of water, but our first
slow passage through the channels be-
hind Mordet’s Island was in incan-
descent sunshine.

  There we go in my memory still, a
blistered dirty ship with patched sails,
and a battered mermaid to present
Maud Mary, sounding and taking
thought between high banks of forest
whose trees come out knee-deep at last
in the water. There we go with a lit-
tle breeze on our quarter. Mordet Is-
land rounded and the quap. it might be,
within a day of us.

  Here and there strange blossoms
woke the dank intensities of green with
a trumpetrcall of color. Things crept
among the jungle and peeped and
dashed back rusiiing into stillness. Al-
ways in the sluggishly drifting, opaque
water were eddyings and stirrings: lit-
tle rushes of bubbles came chuckling up
light-heartedly from this or that sub-
merged conflict and tragedy; now and
again were crocodiles like a stranded
fleet of logs basking in the sun. Still
it was by day, a dreary stillness broken
only by insect sounds and the creaking
TONO‘BUNGAY

137

 and flapping of our progress, by the
 calling of the soundings and the cap-
 tain’s confused shouts; but in the night
 a? we lay moored to a cltunp of trees
 the darkness brought a thousand
 -wampy things to life and out of the
 forest came screamings and bowlings,
 sc ream in^s and yells that made us glad
 ;o be afloat. And once we saw be-
 —n the tree-stems long blazing fires.

 ■	YVe passed two or three villages land-
 ward and brown-black women and chil-
 dren came and stared at us and gestic-
 ulated, and once a man came out in a
 boat from a creek and hailed us in an
 unknown tongue; and so at last we
 7 came to a great open place, a broad
 ' lake rimmed with a desolation of mud
 and bleached refuse and dead trees, free
 from crocodiles or water-birds or sight
 or sound of any living thing, and saw
 far off, even as Nasmyth had described,
 the ruins of the deserted station and
 bard by two little heaps of buff-hued
 rubbish under a great rib of rock, the
 quap! The forest receded. The land
 to the right of us fell away and became
 barren, and far off across a notch in its
 backbone were surf and the sea.

  W e took the ship in toward those
 heaps and the ruined jetty slowly and
 carefully. The captain came and
 talked.

   “This is eet?” he said.

   “Yes,” said I.

  “Is eet for trade we have come?”

   This was ironical.

   “No,” said I.

  “Gordon-Nasmyth would haf told me
 long ago what it ees for we haf come.”

  ‘Til tell you now,” I said. “We are
 going to lay in as close as we can to
 those two heaps of stuff—you see them ?
 —under the rock. Then we are going
 to chuck all our ballast overboard and
 take those in. Then we’re going
 home.”

  ‘‘May I presume to ask—is eet gold?”

   “No,” I said incivilly, “it isn’t.”

  “Then what is it?”

  “Its stuff—of some commercial
value.”

   ‘ ^Ye can’t do eet,” he said.

‘.‘.Wc can,” I answered reassuringly.
We can't, lie said as confidently.

“I don’t mean what you mean. You
know so liddle—but —dis is forbidden
country.”

  I turned on him suddenly angry and
met bright excited eyes. For a minute
we scrutinized one another. Then I
said: “That’s our risk. Trade is for-
bidden. But this isn’t trade. This
thing’s got to be done.”

  His eyes glittered and he shook his
head.

   The brig stood in slowly through the
twilight toward this strange scorched
and blistered stretch of beach, and the
man at the wheel strained his ears to
listen to the low-voiced angry argument
that began between myself and the cap-
tain, that was presently joined by Pol-
lack. We moored at last within a hun-
dred yards of our goal and all through
our dinner and far into the night we
argued intermittently and fiercely with
the captain about our right to load just
what we pleased. “I will haf nothing
to do with it,” he persisted. “I wash
my hands.” It seemed that night as
though we argued in vain. “If it is
not trade,” he said, “it is prospecting
and mining. That is worse. Any one
who knows anything—outside England
—knows that is worse.”

  We argued and I lost my temper and
swore at him. Pollack kept cooler and
chewed his pipe watchfully with that
blue eye of his upon the captain’s ges-
tures. Finally I went on deck to cool.
The sky was overcast. I discovered all
the men were in a knot forward, staring
at the faint quivering luminosity that
had spread over the heaps of quap, a
phosphorescence such as one sees at
times on rotting wood. And about the
beach east and west there were patches
and streaks of something like diluted
sunshine.

  In the small hours I was still awake
and turning over scheme after scheme
in my mind whereby I might circum-
vent the captain’s opposition. I meant
to get that quap aboard if I had to kill
some one to do it. Never in my life
had I been so thwarted ! After this in-
tolerable voyage ! There came a rap at
my cabin door and then :t opened, and
i made out a bearded face.
138

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “Come in," I said, and a black volu-
ble figure I could just see obscurely
came in to talk in my private ear and
fill ray cabin with its whisperings and
gestures, h was the captain, lie too
had been awake and thinking things
over. He had come to explain enor-
mously. I lay there hating him ami
wondering if 1 ami Pollack could lock
him in his cabin and run the ship with-
out him.

  ‘‘I do not want to spoil dis expedi-
tion.” emerged from a cloud of protes-
tations, and then 1 was able to disen-
tangle "a commission—shush a small
commission—for special risks!” “Spe-
cial risks” became frequent. I let him
explain himself out. It appeared he
was also demanding an apology for
'■omething I had said. No doubt I had
insulted liiin generously. At last it came
to definite offers. I broke my silence
and bargained.

  “Pollack! ' I cried and hammered the
partition.

  ‘'What’s up?” asked Pollack.

  I stated the case concisely.

  There came a silence.

  “He's a card,” said Pollack. “Let’s
give him his commission. I don't
mind.”

  “Eh ?* I cried.

  “I said lie was a card, that’s all,” said
Pollack. Tm coming.”

  He appeared in my doorway a faint
white figure and joined our vehement
whisperings.

  We had to buy the captain off: we
had to promise him ten per cent, of
our problematical profits. We were' to
give him ten per cent, on what we sold
the cargo for over and above his legit-
imate pay, and I found in my out-
bargained and disordered state small
con>olation in the thought that I. as the
Gordwn-Nasmyth expedition, was to sell
ihe stuff to myself as Business Organ-
izations. And lie further exasperated
me by insisting on having our bargain
in writing. “In the form of a letter,”
he insisted.

  “All right,” 1 acquiesced, “in the
form of a letter. Here goes! Get a
light.”

  “And the apology,” he said, folding
up the letter.

  “All right,” I said; “apology.”

  My hand shook with anger as I wrote
and afterward I could not sleep for bate
of him. At last 1 got up. 1 suffered,

I found, from an unusual clumsiness. I
I struck my toe against my cabin door,
and cut myself as 1 shaved. 1 found
myself at la^t pacing the deck under
the dawn* in a mood of extreme exas- j
peration. The sun rose abruptly and
splashed light blindingly into my eyes I
and I swore at the sun. i found myself I
imagining fresh obstacles with the men I
and talking aloud in anticipatory re- I
hearsal of the consequent row. ^

  The malaria of the quap was already j
in my blood.

5-

  I can witness that the beach and mud I
for two miles or more either way were I
lifeless—lifeless as I could have imag- I
ined no tropical mud could ever be, and I
all the dead branches and leaves and I
rotting dead fish and so forth that I
drifted ashore became presently shriv- I
eled and white. Sometimes crocodiles I
would come up out of the water and I
bask, and now and then water-birds I
would explore the mud and rocky ribs I
that rose out of it. in a mood of transi- I
torv speculation. That was its utmost I
animation. And the air felt at one* I
hot ami austere, dry and blistering, and I
altogether different to the warm moist I
embrace that had met us at our first I
African landfall and to which we had I
grown accustomed.

  I believe that the primary influence’!
of the quap upon us was to increase I
the conductivity of our nerves, but that!
is a mere unjustifiable speculation on I
my part. At any rate it gave a sort!
of east-wind effect to life. We all b*‘l
came irritable, clumsy, languid and dis-1
posed to be impatient with our languor.!
We moored the brig to the rocks with 11
difficulty, and got aground on mud ami I
decided to stick there and tow' off whenH
we had done—the bottom was as greasy J
as butter. Our efforts to fix up planks!
and sleepers in order to wheel the quapj
aboard were as ill-conceived as that sortlj

'4H
TONO-'BUNGAY

of work can be—and that sort of work
can at times be very ill-conceived. The
captain had a superstitious fear of his
hold; he became wildly gesticulatory
and expository and incompetent at the
bare thought of it. His shouts still
echo in my memory, becoming as each
crisis approached less and less like any
known tongue.

  But I cannot now write the history
of those days of blundering and toil, of
how Milton, one of the boys, fell from
a plank to the beach, thirty feet per-
haps, with his barrow and broke bis
arm and I believe a rib, of how I and
Pollack set the limb and nursed him
through the fever that followed, of how
one man after another succumbed to
a feverish malaria, and how I—by vir-
tue of my scientific reputation—was
obliged to play the part of doctor and
dose them with_quinin, and then find-
ing that worse than nothing, with rum
and small doses of a sirup, of which
there chanced to be a case of bottles
aboard—Heaven and Gordon-Nasmyth
know why. For three long days we lay
in misery and never shipped a barrow-
load. Then, when they resumed, the
men’s hands broke out into sores.
There were no gloves available; and I
tried to get them, while they shoveled
and wheeled, to cover their hands with
stockings or greased rags. They would
not do this on account of the heat and
discomfort. This attempt of mine did,
however, direct their attention to the
quap as the source of their illness and
precipitated what in the end finished
our lading, an informal strike. “We've
had enough ol this,” they said, anti they
meant it. They came aft to say as
much. They cowed the captain.

  I hrough all these days the weather
was variously vile, first a furnace heat
tinder a sky of a scowling intensity of
blue, then a hot fog that stuck iti one’s
throat like wool and turned the men on
the planks into colorless figures of
giants, then a wild burst of thunder-
storms, mad elemental uproar and rain.

1 hrough it all, against illness, h^at,
confusion of mind, one master impetn
prevailed with me, to keep the shipping
going, to maintain one motif at least,
whatever else arose or ceased, the chuff
of the spades, the squeaking shrie-
of the barrows, the pluppa, pluppa
pluppa, as the men came trotting along
the swinging high planks, and then at
last, the dollop, dollop as the stuft shot
into the hold. “Another barrow-load.
thank God! Another fifteen hundred,
or it may be two thousand pounds, for
the saving of Ponderevo!’’

  I found out many things about mv-
self and humanity in those weeks of
effort behind Mordet Island. I under-
stand now the heart of the sweater, of
the harsh employer, of the nigger-
driver. I had brought these men into
a danger they didn’t understand, I was
fiercely resolved to overcome their op-
positions and bend and use them for
my purpose, and I hated the men. But
I hated all humanity during the time
that the quap was near me.

  And my mind was pervaded too by
a sense of urgency and by the fear that
we should be discovered and our pro-
ceedings stopped. I wanted to get out
to sea again—to be beating up north-
ward with our plunder. I was afraid
our masts showed to seaward and might
betray us to some curious passer on
the high seas. And one evening near
the end I saw a canoe with three na-
tives far off down the lake; I got field-
glasses from the captain and scrutinized
them, and I could see them, staring at
us. One man might have been a half-
breed and was dressed in' white. They
watched us for some time very quietly,
and then paddled off into some channel
in the forest shadows.

  And for three nights running, so that
it took a painful grip upon my inflamed
imagination. I dreamed of my uncle’s
face, only that it was ghastly white like
a clown’s, and the throat was cut from
ear to ear—a' long ocherous cut. “Too
late,” he said; “too late!”

TO EE CONCLUDED.
The Come-On

By A. M, Chisholm

Author of " Aro Wedding Betts?' 14 The Mother Lode," Etc.

    “T he man who knows it all” is usually an insufferable acquaintance, with
Ills cock-sureness, his air of condescending superiority. However, he Is good
plucking, yes, the \ery best, for a inan who knows more and doesn’t brag
about it. Promoters, sharpers and schemers of all sorts like to get hold of
this know-it-all kind of man. Chisholm tells tis of such a case in his char*
acteristically humorous fashion.

HE soft light of an
-April evening bathed
Ardendale tenderly. In
its gentle purity the
pale green of the new
leafage was the color
of the sea. Down the
quiet streets the order-
ly rows of horse-chestnuts and maples
were beginning to put on foliage and
in the gardens the lilac buds were
bursting; through the black, moist
earth of the flower-beds tiny snow-
drops pushed their way and the spcar-
bls-Jed leaves of tulips stood stiffly up-
right.

  In the library of Mr. Thomas P.
Hooper’s residence on one of the most
exclusive streets of Ardendale, his
daughter, Miss Maisie Hooper, sat with
her fiance, Mr. J. Addison Mortimer.

  “But twenty-five thousand dollars
would he plenty for us to marry on,
Ad,” she said. "And you are so clever
that with your education you could get
a good salary anywhere. I’m sure that
pa would help you to a position here.’’

  “I don’t want a position.’' replied
Mortimer. I Ie was an exceedingly mod-
ern young man, inclined to stoutness
as to person, and supercilious as to ex-
pression. A widely advertised college
had thrown an education at him and
some fragments of it had stuck: in

common with many others he made the I
mistake of assuming that a degree was I
of intrinsic value : and he held strong- I
ly to the belief that he was a thorough- I
ly shrewd man of the world. He con- 1
tin ued:

  “Twenty-five thousand isn’t so much. I
I know plenty of men who have half I
of that a year, and they think they're I
poor. Of course, if we were satisfied to I
settle down in a little house in this I
back-number village and vegetate we I
could get along, but it won't do lor me. I
I regard this legacy simply as a nest- J
egg. You watch me make it hatch a I
clutch of dollars. We'll live in a real I
town, Maisie, with a couple of autos I
and a yacht, and diamonds for you. 11
tell you I'll make some of these old!
fogies who salt down their coin into!
five per cent, farm mortgages sit up |j
and take notice. I’ll be worth a mil-1
lion in ten years.”

  ‘‘1 hope so, Ad.” said Maisie admir- J
ingly. “I know how clever you are,JJ
but 1 don’t like the idea of your goinglj
West to that mining place you spokejl
of. It’s so far away.”

  “Railways and telegraph-lines have/j
cut down* the circumference of thej
world many times,” said Mr. Mortimerjj
with an air of superiority. “The. Westj1
is the place to make money, and in thisji
new mining-town, Galena, I will find all 1
THE COME-ON

141

  sorts of opportunities. Why, young
 Hackett tolfl me that his father, the
 senator, often buys a claim for five
 hundred dollars and sells it for a cool
 hundred thousand. It's capital that’s
 wanted. Here’s how it is. Say I
 strike some old miner with a good
 property. I buy half his interest for
 a thousand dollars. Then we form a
 joint stock-company with a capital of
 a million. Of this I have five hundred
 I j thousand shares worth a dollar each.

Say I sell them at fifty per cent, of
1 thv ir par value, there's a quarter of a
million. Or, if I let them go at twenty-
five per cent, even, they would bring
’ me one hundred and twenty-five thou-

•	sand dollars.”

   “My!” exclaimed Maisie in admira-
tion. “Could you do it, Ad? It’s an
; awfully big profit.”

   “It's the way all big money is made
i nowadays,” said Mortimer compla-
cently. “I'm just giving you the bare
i outline and putting it simply so that
you can understand it. Joint stock-
i companies are the basis of modern
: finance. I've given you one example.

1 And then I know a dozen other ways
of making a killing. I won't touch any-
) thing that doesn’t look like big money.”

 ‘ “You’ll know about mines, of
 course.” said Maisie innocently. “You
 studied geology, didn’t you?”

 >	“A little,” admitted Mortimer mod-
, estly. ‘‘But you don't need to know
anything about mines to make money
out of them; it’s not the mining that
! there’s money in—h\ the manipulating
of the stock.”

  A week later J. Addison Mortimer
 took train for the West.

II.

  The brakeman announced Galena
 City in a weird language of his own,
 and immediately thereafter the air set
 friction to the flying heels of Number
 ®7. west-bound. .Vs she slackened way
 Mr. J. Addison Mortimer arose and
 followed an obsequious porter bearing
 bis grip.

   "Which is the best hotel here?” he
 a '<ed the ebony one as they stood to-

 gether in the vestibule. The porter
 scratched his tight-wooled poll apolo-
 getically.

  “Ah dunno, sub," lie said, doubtful-
ly. “Dev’s diffunt f’om hotels back
East. An Ah'se new on tie run."

  For which shortcoming he received
but a measly two bits instead of the
expected half-dollar, and in conse-
quence dumped the grip with slight
ceremony on the station-platform, leav-
ing its owner to shift for himself.

  As Mortimer stood uncertainly on
the platform in the falling rain, jostled
by muddy and unkempt men. he pre-
sented much the air of a sleek, pert
young spaniel suddenly shot into a
company of lean, sinewy sled-dogs. He
was carefully dressed with an effect of
studied negligee eminently proper for a
mining-town. His clothes of rough
tweed fitted him well ; his head was
covered by an expensive pearl-gray soft
felt hat, and his shoes were tan. heavily
soled and quite unsoiled; as a great
concession lo the free-and-easy spirit
of the West his collar was a full half-
inch lower than usual. But his air of
cock-sureness was quite intact.

  Tie picked up his grip and walked up
the station-platform. A lanky indi-
vidual stood watching the receding
train. A stained and worn pony hat
was tilted over his eyes, his trousers
were tucked into mud-spattered boots,
and he sucked on a ragged cigar. To
him Mortimer turned for information.

  "Excuse me!" he began politely.

  The lanky man slowly withdrew his
eyes from the vanishing coaches and
surveyed his interlocutor. The eyes
were a cold blue, expressionless and
calm.

  “Sure,” he replied. “But don't do it
again."

  Mortimer was uncertain whether he
had offended unconsciously or whether
tl»e other was making fun of him.

  “Can you direct me to a good hotel?"
he said with dignity.

  This simple request seemed to sur-
prise the lanky man.

  "You wouldn't want a quiet board-
in'-house with the advantages an' re-
M2

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

finements of a Christian home, would

you?” he asked.

  “I said a hotel,” said Mortimer, with
added dignity.

  “A high-grade, modem, first-class
house, caterin' to the best trade?” sug-
gested the other.

  “Yes,” replied Mortimer.

  “Young teller,” said the stranger
solemnly, “this here is Galena City—
not heaven nor Bos ting, nor yet Noo
York nor Chi. If you’re of a con-
tented disposition, so’s you can thank
God for a chance to shake dice for a
third share in a one-man bed and three
squares of air-tights a day, go to the
Palace ; if you’re partic’lar, build a hotel
for yourself.”

  Mortimer went to the Palace, where
his modest demand for a room and bath
was met by a counter-proposition of a
billiard-table and sufficient whisky to
insure sound slumber thereon or there-
under. The house was crowded, but he
finally secured a room in common with
a stranger, and thought himself in luck
to do so.

  For some days he looked about him
seeking an opportunity for investment.
Investments there were in plenty ; not
a man but was ready to put a figure on
anything he owned or might acquire.
But the figures were invariably high
and Mortimer was looking for a gilt-
edged proposition—one that would
yield him one hundred per cent, profit
and show it on its face. Modest
gambles on quarter interests in un-
proved claims he passed up as too
risky and too slow.

  His first unfavorable impressions of
Galena City w'ere confirmed. The town
wras raw and hopelessly vulgar, as well
as exceedingly dirty. It rained with-
out intermissi >n—a slow, soaking driz-
zle of needlelike streams that turned
the yellow and red clays to clinging
paste which gripped boots with a de-
spairing clutch.

  On the principle that so much water
without needed a corrective within, the
entire white population of Galena, male
and female after their kind, imbibed
freely of more or less undiluted alcohol.
The only workers appeared to be

Swedes and Chinamen, lowly amphi-
bians unaffccted by the prevailing
damp.	&

  Naturally disputes, liquor-born and
otherwise, took place. One gun-fight,
of w hich Mortimer chanced to be a wit-
ness. occurred in a combined saloon and
gambling-house. Until he dies peace-
fully in an Ardendale immaculate bed
with nurses, physicians, and offspring
unto the second generation in attend-
ance Mortimer will remember ii—the
sudden hush of voices; the cold, delib- |
erate, whip-lash word flung across the !
silence; following it vengefully the
staccato bang of the guns, the upward
leap of their muzzles, the wild stam-
pede of the onlookers for safety. And
then the coughing man who dropped to
his knees beneath the pistol-spread
haze, dying as he fell. Five minutes
after every game was going full-blast. I

  All this was different from Arden- 1
dale, from college, from the East. It I
was raw, unrefined, shocking. Xever- I
theless Mortimer filled ten pages, lettcr-
size, and sent them to Maisic Hooper. I
Two of the pages bore his impressions I
of Galena; two more described the I
fight and ingeniously explained his I
presence thereat: three contained an I
appreciation of the peril in which he I
had stood from stray bullets and specu-1
lated on the feelings of his correspond- I
ent if he had been accidentally killed;]
and the other three were of a private, I
personal nature—the kind that men I
curse and bum in after years if they H
have the luck to reclaim them, and j
women treasure in secret places for thel
term of their natural lives. Maisie
cried a little as she read, and kissed the
signature.

           ' III.

  It was on the day after the gun-fight
that Mortimer, mounting three flights j
of stairs to his room in the Palace, J
disgusted with Galena and pondering j
the advisability of leaving for the East. I
found a stranger in possession of tliCjj
apartment. lie surveyed him with an 1
unfriendly eye.

  The newcomer, who was bending I
over a grip, rose at his entrance. He.|
THE COME-ON

143

 was some years Mortimer's senior, of
 medium height but remarkably well
 built; his face was shrewd and alert
 and deeply tanned; he wore a neatly
 trimmed pointed beard, and his clothes,
 as Mortimer noted with grudging ap-
 proval, fitted hirn to perfection.

   "Sorry to intrude.’" said the stran-
 ger. ‘‘I tried to get a room to myself,
 but such a thing wasn't to be had. I
 won't incommode you more than I can
 help. And I’m clean, anyway.”

   'Tt^ all right,” said Mortimer rather
 more cordially than lie had intended.
 There was something likable about the
 stranger. He seemed to be a gentle-
 man, •'at any rate. "I've had a room-
 i mate of some sort ever since I came.

 Some of them-" He ended the

, - sentence with a gesture of disgust.

“Rather impossible, I guess," said the
: stranger with a genial laugh. “Galena
and misfortune make strange bed-fel-
lo'ws. But then you have probably
I seen worse layouts than this in your
! experience, and so have I. A man can’t
travel extensively without running into
i some queer things.”

J. Addison Mortimer’s traveling ex-
I periences might have been compressed
into a small leaflet, but he was not dis-
pleased at being taken for a seasoned
t traveler. He said:

   “Yes, that’s so. The people who stay
.■ at home don't see much life.”

   Having thus accomplished an in-
! formal acquaintance they observed the
f formalities by exchanging cards. That

•	which Mortimer received bore the name
' “Charles Anson Collingwood.” Mr.

. Collingwood’s address was Chicago, but
 the card gave no indication of the busi-
 ness of its owner.

   Collingwood, changing to clothes ir-
 reproachable in cut but plainly intended

■	for hard service, shrugged himself into
i a worn yellow slicker and disappeared,
v nor did Mortimer see him till evening,

| when lie reappeared mud-stained and
; dripping from an afternoon apparently
; spent about the mines.

   Mortimer watched his ablutions from
l the bed on which he lay.

‘‘Been seeing the town?” he asked.
"Town be hanged!” Collingwood

rubbed his hair into fluffy dryness with
a rough towel. “No, I’ve been chasing
about in half a dozen properties, sizinq;
them up.”

  Mortimer digested this information.
Collingwood looked the part of a mi-
ning expert, and it occurred to him
that his acquaintance might be worth
cultivating. If the latter knew of any
good thing he might get in on the
ground floor.

  “You are a mining man, then?” he
queried.

  Collingwood smiled and shrugged his
broad shoulders.

  "I am an investment specialist,” he
said. “Never heard of that particular
line of business before, I dare say ?”
Mortimer confessed that he had not.
"I'll have to qualify it a little,'' said
Collingwood. “Of course there are a
number of fields of investment of which
I have no knowledge—no one man can
cover everything. My specialties are
rather restricted, but mining happens
to be one of them. People back East
have gone crazy over Galena, anil I am
here to look at the ground for some
of them.”

  “There ought to be good chances for
investment,” said Mortimer tentatively.

  "Plenty of chances to sink money.”
returned Collingwood skeptically. "The
good things can't be bought with much
profit.”

  “But there are plenty of claims and
prospects,” said Mortimer, lie was
curious to ascertain the '•peciali^t’s
opinion of this class of investment, for
up to date it had been the only sort
offered him.

  “ ‘A prospect is a hole in the ground
owned by an infernal liar.'" quoted
Collingwood with conviction. "I
never touch them. My business repu-
tation wouldn’t stand it. What T want
to find is a good mine in need of capi-
tal, and that’s a hard matter/'

  “I’m looking for an investment my-
self.” sard Mortimer importantly, “but
so far I’ve seen nothing that commends
itself to my judgment.”

  The next' day they becamc better
acquainted. On the second night they
dined together, and by some magic
144	THE <POPUUNt MAGAZINE

Collingwood was a Me to obtain a far
better meal than Mortimer bad yet
eaten at the Palace. Wine followed
and cigars, both paid for by Coliiug-
wood.

  “No. no—nonsense!’' be said wheat
Mortimer insisted weakly on being al-
lowed to "hold up bis end." “You’re
out here for your own hand, and while
the size of your pile i none of my busi-
ness, it s a good bet that ihe people
behind me can afford to pay for a litile
sparkle better than either of us. Heav-
ens, man, I’ve bathed old Swedes in
champagne anti they thought it was
cider—ail in the way of business. And
I've paid for a few days' bender lor
half a dozen wild and woolly gentle-
men. and the bill ran into the thou-
sands. What little we can drink and
smoke will cut no ice in my expense-
money.”

 Mortimer sipped his champagne
critically. His acquaintance with the
beverage was not extensive, being con-
fined to an occasional modest pint by
way of celebration; but he would not
have this easy-going, high-priced invest-
ment specialist, who was plainly used
to the best, suspect that expensive wines
were a rarity with him. The cigars,
too, were of a better quality than he
had thought it possible to obtain in
Galena: certainly he had never seen
them in the hotel show-case, and they
evidently cost much more than bis or-
dinary smokes.

  When one bottle was finished an-
other succeeded it. At the end of an
hour Mortimer was talking freely and
boastfully, lie was of that class for
whom liquor smoothes away all diffi-
culties of accomplishment, who esteem
the thing desired as already done. His
modest twenty-five thousand dollars ex-
panded into an indefinite sum of large
dimensions and he hinted solemnly at .
plans involving huge amounts. And he
was not consciously lying: the peculiar
thing about it was that he really be-
lieved every ward he uttered, and con-
sidered himself a young Napoleon of
finance.

  Collingwood listened in silence, save
for an occasional word. Although he

had taken hi* full share of wine it had
not affected him to speech. With l.is

hat tilted a little over bib shrewd eyes
and a cigar in the corner of his mouth

he barkened gravely, occasionally fill-
ing Mortimer’s glass.

  “You’re a wise guy—whatT said the
latter. “Sit solemn’s ol" owl an' ^ay
nothing. Why don’t you cheer up
some ?”

  “1 like to hear you talk," replied Col-
lingwood. “You’ve got ideas and the
gift of expressing them. I'm enjoy- 1

ing myself."

  “So’m 1." said Mortimer. “You’re
a good fellow. Best I’ve struck in the
mudhole. Say, let’s go into business |
together.”

  “You’ve got too much capital for
me,” said Collingwood gravely. “How
much did you say you were ready to i
invest here if you got a good chance?”]
“Twenty thousand/1 said Mortimer
proudly. “Look here, I’ve got money
and ideas, but 1 want experience.”
“You'll get that before lung." said
Collingwood without a smile.

  “This is all new to me, utmerstan',”
pursued Mortimer unconsciously.
“Now. you’re right in touch wiih
things. If I ask you for advice as a
friend you'll give it to me, wont you?
Or maybe you could give me the
straight tip if you found a good thing?”
“Well, you know." said Collingwood,
evasively, “good things don't las:, and,
have to be snapped up. Every time
there’s a cinch play you can figure on
half a dozen men fighting: for the first
chance to get their dollars down on it.
You have to have real money—cash—
to put on the board, and as a rule
there’s no time to look twice at a
proposition.”	. _	I

  “I unncrstan’ all that.’’ said Morti-
mer. nodding his head with tipsy grav-
ity. “I'm no piker. I've got twenty
thousand to my credit in the bank here,
and five thousand more at home, and
T can plank down the cash on a good
thing in half an hour.”

   “I’d like to oblige von," said Col ling-
wood doubtfully. “P»ut—you see—well.
Pm not working for myself. Suppose
I got hold of a good thing and turned
THE COME-ON

H 5

it over to you, what would my people
say if they heard of it? Do you sup-
pose they'd give me business again?
Not on your life. And 1 couldn’t blame
them.”

  “I wouldn’t say a word about it,”
protested Mortimer.

  "These things always get out some-
how,” returned Collingwood. “I'd
strain a point for you, but I can't af-
ford to throw down my principals. It
wouldn’t be square, and you shouldn't
ask it.”

  '‘That’s right,” said Mortimer. “I
wouldn’t ask you to do anything dis-
honorable. Business is business,
though.” he proceeded knowingly. “I'd
make it worth your while.”

  “If I gave you a tip at all,” said
Collingwood, as if offended at the of-
fer, “it would be as a friend, and I
wouldn’t lake a commission. You
haven't got money enough to buy me,
Mortimer, understand that.”

  Mortimer protested that he had
never thought of such a thing, and
Collingwood accepted his statement.

  "I’ll see what I can do for you out
of friendship only,” he said. “Snaps
are not to be picked up every day, but
if I find what I think is a good thing
I’ll let you know about it and then you
can use your own judgment.”

  “ You’re all liight!” exclaimed Morti-
mer. “I like you. Let’s have another
bottle, on me.”

  “Not for me,” said Collingwood.
“I’ve had enough, and my head has to
be clear in the morning. By the way,
til at room of ours isn’t very comfort-
able and I’ve been trying for something
better. If I get another would you care
to bunk in with me or stay where you
are ?”

  “I’m with you,” said Mortimer. ‘‘The
best’s none too good for me.” He ex-
hibited a large roll of bills. “Drew out
a bundle this morning.” he said boast-
fully.	'
Collingwood had obtained a room on
the first floor, and thither he and Mor-
timer moved their grips. The new
apartment was large and well furnished
and held two beds. It was a vast im-
10

provement on the little room on the
fourth floor.

  Mortimer dropped into a chair; in a
few minutes he was nodding. Colling-
wood, lighting a fresh cigar, paced the
floor softly, observing him.

  “Confound it,” he said, suddenly, “I
was to see a man to-night, and I was
so interested in our conversation that
I clean forgot about it.” He consulted
his watch. “I may catch him yet. You
won’t mind my running away for half
an hour, old man ?”

  “ ’S all right,” said Mortimer sleep-
ily. “You toddle along, and I'll have a
little snooze. Then we’ll finish the eve-
ning somewhere.”

IV.

  Collingwood left the hotel and made
his way toward the outskirts of Ga-
lena where, dodging mud-puddles gin-
gerly, he finally arrived at a small shack
of undressed and unpainted lumber.
He opened the door without ceremony.

  Inside a man in shirt-sleeves sat play-
ing solitaire. He was some years older
than Collingwood. His clean-shaven
face was thoughtful, studious, and very
honest; his eyes were blue and frank
as a child’s: indeed their expression
was almost wistful. As he played he
made note of the recurring card com-
binations in a small note-book.

  He nodded absently to Collingwood,
and carefully placed a card and shifted
a pile. The next deal exhausted the
possibilities; he threw the cards into a
heap.	x, •

  “Well ?” he queried.

  “Why don't you get a new' game?"
rasped Collingwood impatiently. “Try
building-blocks. or something hard.”
The other snorted.

  “You think Romally’s Solitaire is
easy! Do you know how many chances
you have of solving it? Just one in
seven thousand and forty-five.”

  “What a lead-pipe it would be tn
keep a bank on a game like that,” Col-
lingwood commented, recovering his
good humor. “All right, Frank. Thr< v
the whole pack in the discard for a few
days. This is where you get busy."
146

THE VOVULA<R MAGAZINE

  “I’m glad of it,” said llic other.
“When t came to Galena I didn’t figure
on living in a blasted packing-box,
with a bunch of assorted mountam-rats
for company. Any time I have to see
rats I want some fun first, and these
are too genuine. Besides, if you want
to know it. I'm down to white chips.”
"If you'd quit spoiling good paper
trying to figure out a system to beat
cinch games you’d have a roll you
couldn't carry,” observed Collingwood.
“It gets by me why a smart man like
you is sucker enough to hand his coin
to a hunch of gams. But vou’U do it
till you die, Frapk Duprau.’

  Duprau glanced guiltily at “licet* of
paper covered with intricate calculations
lying on the bare pine table.

  "Some day I'll just choke ’em -to
death,” he said, with conviction. “I've
made mistakes in calculation, I’ll ad-
mit, and 1 got what was coming to me.
This time I'm all right. I'm figuring
out a system that’s a sure winner.
When I get it I'll let you in on it."

  “After you’ve tried it and they’ve got
to you for your roll again, come to me
and I'll stake you a couple of hundred
if I have it,” said Collingwood. “You
ought to have more sense. You know
a game for a brace and a skin, and yet
you skip to it with your little old tin
dollars and feed them into the hopper.
If it was on the square you couldn't
win; You’re dotty on systems that keep
you poor. But it’s your money, and
there’s more coming. Now, forget your
infernal systems and listen to me.”
For ten minutes he talked earnestly.
At the fin! of that lime Duprau pro-
duced a safety ink-bottle and a bundle
of <;Oc!.-certificates. The latter were
blank. lie began to fill in names and
signatures. The ink he used was pe-
culiar: even as it flowed from the pen
it lost it-? brilliancy and turned a brown-
ish black—the exact color of writing a
year or more old.

  Collingwood watched him in silence
until the work was completed.

  "It may take three or four days."
he said. “As soon as the deal is closed
wire me. Your train leaves in two
hours. We’ll meet yon in Red Cloud.”

good-by, * said Duprvm,

   " Till then
reaching fur a'shen'of paper."
hours til tram-time, you say. I want

to do a little figuring--

   Collingwood .snatched the paper away
from him and gathering up the pack of
cards shoved both in his pocket.

   No solitaire or figuring out sys-
tems,” he said firmly. “You never
know when to *top, and 1 want you out
_of town to-night. Do I have to see you
on the train, or will you cut it out ?”
“Guess I’d better cut it,” Duprau ad-
mitted reluctantly. "I’ll have lots of
spare time in the next few days. AH
right; what you say goes.”

  Collingwood retraced his way
through the mud and mounted to bis
room at the hotel. lie fully expected
to find Mortimer there, but to his dis-
gust the room was empty. He searched
the hotel immediately'.

   “That Bostonese jag?" said the bar-
tender. in answer to his inquiry. "Yes,
he was in here and I make him a Joey
Brown. He licks it up and asks me
where he can find a swift game. I tell
him most anywheres, but he’ll get
skinned quickcr at Carey’s. Then he
gives me the glassy glare and fetches
the door in three tacks.”

  To Carey’s went Collingwood. and
there lie found Mortimer bucking faro-
bank. The Joey Brown on top of the
champagne had done the business, for
he was very drunk indeed. He had
been allowed to win, but he was now
losing, and with the fatuity of the loser
he was increasing his bets.

   Collingwood laid a hand on his shoul-
der. “How are you making it go?" he
asked.

  For answer Mortimer swore thickly
and put a fiftv-dollar bill on the eight
open. He lost again.

  "If you’ve had enough fun for one
night,” said Collingwood. “I want you
to come with me. I’ve got onto a good
thing and I’ve made an appointment
for you The man i< waiting now." ^
"Let 'm wait!” cried Mortimer. “I’m
going to break this game.”

   “Hang the game!" said Collingwood.
“There’s big money in sight if you come
with me. Let the game go. on. You
THE COME-ON

                 V_

can come back and break it up to-
morrow.”

  Beside the dealer stood Carey, the
owner of the house, an old-time gam-
bler with an unsavory reputation. Mor-
timer seemed a fairly plump pigeon to
be plucked, and he resented Colling-
wood’s interference.

  '‘Stranger/' he said, “your friend is
backing his judgment his own way. He
don't need to be night-herded. Let
him alone.”

  Collingwood looked him straight in
the eye; the gambler met his gaze
squarely; they sized each other up.

  “You mean well,” said Collingwood
coldly, “but I guess that lets you out.”
He turned to Mortimer. “Come along,
old man.”

  But Mortimer would not come.
Carey’s remark had had the desired
effect.

  “You lemme ’lone,''’ he said thickly.
“See you in mornin’.”

  But Collingwood for reasons of his
own was not willing to allow him to
lose more money to Carey. He adapted
himself quickly to the situation.

  “Guess I might as well make a night
of it too, then,” he said. “Let me in
on the game.”

  He ordered a drink and watched
Mortimer throw it down his throat
with satisfaction. He pressed 011 him
a particularly black and heavy cigar.
Carey watched these tactics with a
scowl. At the end of fifteen minutes,
during which he had lost but moder-
ately, Mortimer’s head began to sag.
Two minutes after he fell sidewise from
his chair and became unconscious.

  Carey beckoned to two men. “Take
him up-stairs and put him to bed,” he
ordered.

  Collingwood interposed.

  “Hardly. lie’s going back to his
hotel.”

  “Is he?” said Carey. “There’s
where you make a mistake. When a
man gets full in my house I look after

him.”

  “Mice benevolent custom, too,” said
Collingwood. “I’ll save you the trouble
this time. He’s going with me.”

147

  Carey, his face impassive as ever,
leaned forward.

   “See here, stranger.” he said, “you're
just a little too positive in your views
to stay popular. Without giving of-
fense I'm telling yon that I don't let a
man I don’t know handle a drunk with
money in his clothes. And I don't
know you.”

   “It sounds all right/’ retorted Col-
lingwood. “My objection to leaving
him here is just the opposite; I do know
you.”

  The controversy was attracting at-
tention. The lookout on his stool
pinched out the end of a cigarette and
dropped it 011 the floor, gently sliding
his hand into his coat pocket. The
game was suspended and clear spaces
opened automatically behind both
Carey and Collingwood. It was signifi-
cant of the experience of the two that
neither had raised his voice. Their
tones were almost confidential, but cold
as cut ice.

  Carey’s eyelids narrowed and
drooped a little lower. Twenty years
before—fifteen, ten, even—he would
have shot as the last word left Collim -
wood's lips. But now a gun was to
be employed only as a last resort; and
he felt that he could not afford to gain
much more notoriety, even in Galena.

   “Stranger,” he said in a level voice
the more ominous by its absolute calm.
“I wouldn't say no more tilings like that
if I was you. They’re apt to affect
your plans for the future. Now here
it is,” he went on, dismissing the re-
mark with a large wave of his slim
hand. “If you're a friend of this man
I’d rather you’d take care of him and
save me the trouble; on the other hand,
as you're a stranger I can’t let you do
it. It’s up to you/’

  “W'ell, we needn’t block business
talking about it,” said Collingwood.
accepting the flag of truce thus held
aloft. "Let me see you in private for
a moment."

  Later. J. Addison Mortimer entered
his apartments at the Palace assisted by
Collingwood and another man; inci-
dentally, he wa-> quite unaware of the
fact and manner of his home-coming.
148

7 HE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

  When he opened his eyes in the
morning Mortimer groaned and shut
them again. His eyeballs felt as if
some one had tried to gouge them from
their socket?: his head was -*ne large
pain when he moved it on the pillow,
and his mouth and tongue seemed lined
with dry. upstanding fur; the taste,
when he endeavored to moisten them,
was a compound of umber and burned
sienna. He groaned once more

  Collingwood. splashing vigorously at
the wash-stand, turned a whimsical eye
on the bed.

  “Good morning,” he said pleasantly.
Mortimer raised himself to a sitting
posture and took his repentant head
between bis bands. “I must have had
an awful one,” he said. “Where did
we go last night? I don’t remember.”
Coliiugwooa outlined the events of
the evening. “I don’t Know how much
you dropped at Carev’s,' he said. “I
tried to get you away, but you wouldn't,
quit. I’m afraid it cost you something,
and I nearly had a row with Carey,
too He didn't like my butting in.”
Mortimer examined his pockets.

  “I drew five j.-mdred yesterday.” he
said ruefully, “and here’s all I have
left.” He exhibited a very small roll
of bills. “I was a chump, all right.
Don't know bow I came to get such a
1< ad: tisuallv I can carry more than
that.” -

  Collingwood, behind the towel,
smiled sardonically.

  “You’re a tank,” he said with feigned
admiration. "1 feel a shade rocky my-
self, and 1 didn’t try to stay with you.
I've ordered a couple of revivers. After
that we’ll have breakfast, and then, if
you feel like it, come around with me
while I look at some properties.”
Breakfast on Mortimer’s part was al-
most a farce; but he managed to worry
down a small portion of food and sev-
eral cup* of cofTee; after which he felt
better. Mis bead though dull had ceased
to ache, and while his regret at the loss
of so much money was keen, it was
tempered by the comforting thought
that lie had acted in a manner befitting

a man of the world, lie even contem-
plated with satisfaction a confession to
Maisie Hooper, and pictured her
shocked attitude which should conceal
a secret admiration, and her forgive-
ness following bis promise never to
gamble again.

  1 hey spent the morning in and about
the nearest mines. Gradually Morti-
mer’s headache vanished and his spirits .
rose. Collingwood was an entertain-
ing and instructive companion, and his
manner of meeting and handling men
excited Mortimers admiration lie
wished that he possessed the cool as-
surance and matter-of-course business-
like way of his conductor. Then, too,
he appeared to know all about the
mines—more, indeed, than the men in
charge. This knowledge was revealed
or rather hinted at more by what he
did not say than by his words. At the
end of a long explanation by a fore-
man covering the difficulties encoun-
tered, the disappointments, and the
'•-haracter and extent of existing and
hoped-tur veins, a shrewd question or
comment would go to the root of the
matter as surely as a surgeon’s knife.
And after leaving a property his terse
comments were conclusive.

  “Nothing there,” he said, as they
rode away from a mucli-tnlked-of mine.
“They made the too common mistake.
Put in a high-priced plant, up-to-date
machinery and buildings on the
strength of some assays and a lot of
faith. And when they had spent a
quarter of a million on such things
they went to work to prove the prop-
erty. Now it doesn’t pan out, and
they are trying to explain value into
a worthless claim. Their whole layout
isn’t worth junk prices.”

  But at one property they were re-
fused admission. A man sat smoking
on a powder-box by the shaft-mouth.

  “No one allowed in the mine,” he
said briefly.

  “What’s the matter?" asked Colling-
wood. “Timbering bad. or what?”

  “Orders.” replied the other lacon-
ically*	. , j

  “How is your ore running r asked
Collingwood.
THE COME-ON

149

  "Don't know.”

  “ Working' or shut down ?”

  “Sorter half and half.”

  Save for the man on the powder-
box the place appeared to be absolute-
ly deserted.

  “Anv oue in the mine now?”

  “Nopg”

  “That’s the Silver Queen,” said Col-
lingwood as they rode on. “They went
in on rich ore,* and it pinched out.
They’ve been working it half-hearted-
ly for some time, I hear. Maybe they’ve
shift down for good.” He was thought-
ful for a few moments. “You can’t
tell. I wish I could have had a look
at it. They may have uncovered the
vein again.”

  “In that case they’d be working it,
wouldn't they ?” asked Mortimer with
an air of shrewdness.

  “Hard to say. They may be raising
money to do it on a larger scale, al-
though I dixl hear that there are monied
men in it now.”

  Later they encountered a buckboard
drawn by a pair of wiry ponies. In it
sat a large, military-looking man, elder-
ly, with well-kept white mustache and
goatee; his face fairly radiated good
nature and benevolence; he greeted
Collingwood cordially.

  “IIow are you, colonel ?” returned
Collingwood with equal cordiality. “Al-
low me to introduce my friend Mr.
Mortimer—Colonel Jefferson Casimir.”
“Glad to make your acquaintance,
sell.’' said the colonel in a soft, typically
Southern drawl. “Seeing the mines?
You couldn't have a betteh guide than
my young friend here. I hope to see
more of you, sell.”

  Mortimer responded in kind. He
liked Colonel Casimir at first sight. So
did most men. He was so large, so
genkd, so courteous—the type of a
Southern gentleman.

  “Come and dine with me to-night,
both of you,” said the ccdonel. “I’m
staying at the Commercial. Can’t prom-
ise you much of a dinneh, but I'll guar-
antee the liquohs and segalis. Till eight
o'clock, then.”

  He gathered up the reins, raised his

 broad-brimmed slouch-hat and drove
 on.

   “Colonel Casimir,” said Collingwood
 as they watched the swirl of dust
 thrown from the drying road by the
 Hying heels of the broncos, “is heavily
 interested in mining properties else-
 where. I didn’t know he was in Ga-
 lena. It looks well for the future of
 the district if he takes an interest in
 it.”

   “Don’t think I ever heard of him,”
 said Mortimer. “He seems very pleas-
 ant, though.”

   “You will hear of him very often if
 you handle mining properties,” re-
 turned Collingwood. “Yes, he’s the
 soul of good nature and hospitality, and
 honorable to a ridiculous extent, judged
 by modern business maxims. Still I
 never met a shrewder man, or one more
 cautious in business. I've never known
 him to be taken in. You 'll find him
 an excellent host, too, and he has a fund
 of choice, original anecdote if we can
 get him started. His title isn’t a
 courtesy one; he was through the war,
 but of course he was mighty young
 then.”

   The dinner at the Commercial was
 even belter than that which Mortimer
 had enjoyed the night before, and
 Colonel Casimir as host left nothing to
 be desired. He seemed greatly taken
 with Mortimer, and asked his opinion
 several times on various subjects, an
 attention which flattered that young
 gentleman greatly.

   “By the way. colonel,” said Colling-
 wood when, cigars afire, they sipped

*	their liqueurs in well-fed comfort, “we
 tried to have a look at the old Silver
 Queen lo-day. and were politely warned
 off. I’d like to know why. I heard
 that there was something doing in that
 property. Do you happen to know
 anything about it?"

   “And what makes you think I know
 anything?” returned the colonel enig-
 matically.

   “So you do know!” said Colling-
 wood. “Come, colonel, what’s the dark
 secret? That old hole in the ground
 shouldn’t have anything to hide. Sat-
 isfy my curiosity, do!"
150

THE '■POPULAR MAGAZINE

  Colonel Castmir removed the long.
Mack panatela from his lips and let a
thin stream of smoke trickle ceiling-
ward. His eyes, steel-blue, became very
shrewd.

  “ColIinVood,” he said, “you are a
business man and—I say it in no of-
fensive sense—tainted with the cuhs*ed
commercial spirit of this steam-an’-
lightnin’-drivcn age. Thereto', you’ll
pardon me, I'm sure, if I prefer to keep
my own counsel."

  ■‘Just as you please, colonel,” re-
turned Collingwood. “I suppose I am
a little hit out for any loose coin ; it’s
niv business. But, so far as that goes,
you can look out for yourself. If you
can't show a good imitation of the com-
mercial spirit at times I'd hate to meet
a real business man.”

   The colonel chuckled.

  “ 'Needs must when the devil drives/
seh,” he observed. “I stahted life, Mis-
teh Mo'timer. if you will forgive the
personal allusion, with two loving par-
ents, some thousands of acres of the
best cotton and cane soil in South
Ca’lina, and enough niggehs to work
the acres. My education was liberal in
some lines, includin' literature, hosses,
cyards and fiaharms; none of them, as
you’ll perceive, bein' money-makers—
at least in the hands of a gentleman.
The war came. My father fell in the
W ilderness, and my mother survived
him only long enough to hear the news.
I fought, a mere boy, through the war.
When Lee surrendered and the Con-
federacy was broken I tuhned to peace
an the arts of peace. The plantation
was mo’gaged to the hilt, as I discov-
ered for the first time. It was sold.
Personal property of every description
had been given freely to the Confed-
eracy. So that at the age of twenty I
owned only a hoss, a path of pistols,
and a ragged gray unifo’m. I chucked
tlie unifo’m, traded the hoss for clo’es,
but kept the pistols. I went to work,
seh—the first one of my family to do
such a tiling for a hundred yeahs.
Business was foreign to my instincts,'
but I stahted right in to acquiah a
knowledge of it. And I found, seh, that
while there's a right smaht of crooks

engaged in it it is in the main bon’-
able. And 1 found, too, cornin’ right
down to cases, that it consist in find-
mg out w nat a thing is worth to an-
other man, and buym’ it from a third
party for a leetle mite less.”

  “Or selling it for a little

                           more,” sug-
gested Collingwood as the colonel
paused.

   There, seh, speaks the commercial
spirit which 1 deplore," said the
colonel to Mortimer: "I never sold a
thing for or asked more than it was
worth, knowingly. I have made mis-
takes in judgment, 1 admit; and proper-
ties which I have sold have been mis-
managed by the buyers »o that their
value has diminished, but I do not hold
myself responsible for that. On the
other hand, I endeaveh not to pick up
a plate by the hot side. And because
of that my young friend here calls me
a hard man at a bargain/’

  "You didn’t quite catch my mean-
ing, colonel.” said Collingwood, "I
merely meant that you are able to pro-
tect your own interests.’”

  “If I wasn’t, seh," retorted Colonel
Casimir, “I wouldn’t have any to pro-
tect. There are men to-day, 1 regret to
state, who have no business or other
honah. When I deal with them, seh,
I hold the cyards tight up against my
chest and count the chips on the table.”
“Illustration—your diplomatic si-
lence about the Silver Queen. 1 sup-
pose,” said Collingwood. “If that is

your meaning-" lie half rose from

his chair.

 “My deah boy—my deah boy”—the
colonel pressed him back gently with
one hand—“you mistake me entirely. I
feah my language might beah that con-
struction. but such a monstrous thing
was never in my thoughts. I know
you to be an hon’ahle gentleman, and
you are sufficient warrant for the dis-
cretion of your friend, whose acquaint-
ance gives me pleasure. In proof of
my trust in both of you, if proof is
needed. I will throw this Silveh Queen
cyard on the table so that you may see
it for yourself. I know that you will
respect my confidence as I would
yours.
THE COME-ON

151

  “This Silveh Queen mine.” he went
on. “was a poor propelily, but it came
to my ears that a rich strike has just
been made which will put it in the first
ranks of ore-producers. The news fil-
tered to me underground, I may state.
They are, however, in urgent need of
ready money. I offered to buy, but they
refused to sell, standing out for a sum
which I considered exo’bitant. I there-
to’ began lo buy shares. The company
was stocked for five hundred thousand
dollahs in one-dollah shares; non-as-
sessable, of course. Of these, fifty thou-
sand are in the treasury, unissued.
They won’t sell them below par, now,
and they can't sell them at par for they
are not worth it. Of the remaining
four hundred and fifty thousand I have
options on one hundred and sixty thou-
sand at variqus prices. These I will
take up, provided I can secure options
on or buy more shares sufficient to give
me control of the company in any
event, even if they issue the treasury
shares.”

  “Can you get them?” asked Colling-
wood. He was penciling rapidly on an
envelope, following the statement of
the case with keen interest. “You'll
need, roughly speaking, one hundred
thousand shares more to retain control
in any'event, as T figure it.”

  “Ninety thousand and one, to be
exact,” said Coldnel Casimir. “Call it
an even hundred thousand, which will
give me a control beyond cavil. I hope
to get them if my agents can locate the
right man.”

  “But still I don’t see why we couldn’t
get into the mine this morning/’ said
Collingwood.

  “That,” replied the colonel, “is a
part of the game. i he present own-
ers naturally want to depress still
further the value of the shares, which
are worth little enough on the market
as it is, the Lawd knows. They have
denied the repawt of a strike and have
shut down. In that way they hope lo
buy up loosely held stock cheap, and
pos>ibly to induce me to allow my op-
tions to expiah—that is, if they know
of them, which they will sooner or
later.”

  “Are these shares strongly held?”
asked Mortimer, lie uttered the phrase
in a very businesslike way, and he
liked the sound of it. It seemed to him
exceedingly technical.

  “There you go to the root of the
matteh, seh,” said the colonel. “That
question shows your practical business
mind. Some of them are and some are
not. But there is one block of a hun-
dred thousand owned by a surly can-
tankerous curmudgeon named Low-
rey, that will give me trouble. This
man Lowrey was one of the original
owners, and for his interest and serv-
ices—for he is a mining engineer and a
good one—he received one hundred
thousand shares in the company that
was formed. Iiis methods didn’t suit
the majority, and they dismissed him
and got a new man who made a mess
of things. Naturally Lowrey is dis-
gruntled and I doubt if he will sell his
stock. I might induce him to cooperate
with me if I could find him. but he
seems to have gone prospecting, the
Lawd knows where. Howeveh, I am
having him traced. Let me fill your
glass, Misteh Mo’limer. You are
drinking nothing, seh!”

VI.

  Mortimer carried away from Colonel
Jefferson Casimir’s dinner a most
pleasant impression of his host, as well
as a good deal of champagne; but so
carcfully had the wine been adminis-
tered that he felt only a grateful ex-
hilaration. Also he had been received
on an equal footing by this pleasant-
spoken old capitalist and his opinion
on various matters had been asked for
and listened to with respect. He felt
that he was at last seeing things from
the inside, obtaining an insight into the
methods by which large fortunes are
made. Unconsciously his manner grew
dignified, as became a man of affairs.

  “Going to bed?" asked Collingwood,
when they reached their hotel.

  “Think I'll write a few letters,” re-
plied Mortimer. “I’ve been too busy
for correspondence the last day or
two.”
152

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “All,’' said Collingwood. "See you
later, then.”

  Mortimer sat down at the writing-
table and set himself to composing a
letter to Maisie Hooper. The cham-
pagne stimulated his ideas and he wrote
freely, astonished at the case with which
the apt phrases flowed from Ins pen.

  At first he had the room to himself,
but as he was in the midst of his letter
a man, obviously drunk, lurched in and,
sealing himself opposite, began to write.
Mortimer surveyed him with disgust
which the champagne beneath his own
belt only accentuated. Why the deuce
didn't they keep the hotel clear of
drunks ? The man was unshaven,
roughly clad, and looked like a miner.
There was. however, something fa-
miliar in his appearance. Where had
he seen him before?

  The newcomer wrote laboriously,
chewing a rank cigar which he had
difficulty in keeping alight, lie* ad-
dressed an envelope, but allowed a
huge ink-drop to blot it. He discarded
it and addressed another; then, folding
up his letter, he left the room.

  Mortimer was relieved. He finished
his own letter and, out of idle curiosity,
picked tip the blotted envelope which
lay face up on the table where the
Granger had thrown it aside. This
was the address he read, written in a
rude, sprawling hand:

Mr. William J. Lowrey,

              Mine Engineer,

Oca ll a la House,

CorPERCLIFFE.

  “Lowrey?’’ Why, (hat was the name
of the holder of one hundred thousand
shares of Silver Queen stock whom
Colonel Casimir was trying to locate.
He was an engineer, too. And like a
flash recognition came to Mortimer.
The man who had addressed the en-
velope was the very man who had sat
smoking on a jxnvder-box at the Sil-
ver Queen shaft that morning.

  Holding the envelope in his fingers,
Mortimer put two and two together.
1 lore was a man at the Stiver Queen
writing to one Lowrey, a mining engi-
neer. The balance of probabilities was

against there being two Lowrey s. bodi
mining engineers and both’ corre-
spondents of a man employed at that

mine. Lrgo, chance had put him in
possession of a piece of information
very much desired by Colonel Casimir.

  His first impulse was to take the en-
velope to the colonel’s hotel, but imme-
diately a thought struck him. Why
shouldn’t he make something out of it
himself? If those shares were neces-
sary to enable the colonel to acquire
control of Silver Queen he ought 10 be
willing to pay for them. Low rey prob-
ably knew nodiing of the reported
strike. He might be willing to sell
cheap. In that case if he, Mortimer,
could get at him before the letter, he
might make a nice little rake-off on
the turnover.

  He wondered what Collingwood
W'ould advise, but he rather doubted the
advisability of confiding in him. Col-
lingwood was a friend of the coli nel
and, besides, he might want to rbarc
in the good thing which Mortimer de-
sired for himself. He determined to
pump him skilfully.

  “Quite a scheme, that of the colonel’s
to get control of Silver Queen," he
observed casually as they smoked a
final cigar before turning1 in.

  “Most usual thing in the world." re-
plied Collingwood carelessly. “No one
buys a property outright now. The
better plan is to get control ot the
stock. After that you can proceed to
eliminate minority holders and acquire
the shares at your own price.”

  “I don’t quite see it." said Morti-
mer. “If the property is any good their
stock will increase in value with yours,
won’t it ?”

  “Not if you know the game,” re-
turned Collingwood. “You, having
control, can depress the stock artificial-
ly by rumors of all kinds. As a last
resort you can amalgamate with an-
other company, forming a new one. and
assess the holders out of their boots.
Part of them will forfeit rather than
pay the assessments. Those who pay
will get watered stock in exchange for
their old holdings, and their values will
be cut in half. Then, a little judicious
THE COME-ON

153

 1iLigation will usually bring them to the
 selling point. Lots of ways to do it.”
 "Ah,” said Mortimer, thoughtfully.
 “Is that what the colonel will do?"

   “No, I hardly think so,” replied Col-
 lingwood. “For one thing lie’s ab-
 surdly conscientious, and for another he
 has enough money already to be square
 in his deanngs. Must be worth several
 millions by this time.”

   “What do you suppose he’d be will-
ing to pay this man Lowrey for his
shares?”

   “Lowrey? Oh, that’s the engineer.
Well, I don't know—haven’t gone into
it. I know the stock has been abso-
lutely unsalable. But then the colonel
wants it badly, and I guess he has
scooped in about all that is loosely held.
If he has confidence in the property he
' might go pretty high—say to forty, or
‘even more.”

   “And do you think Lowrey would
sell for that ?”

   “Depends on a lot of things. If he
is wise to the situation he won’t. If
the is hard up and sees a chance to un-
load for ready money likely he will, and
probably for a good deal less. I wish
1 had an option on his holdings. I'd
make the old colonel give up strong
'for it. But it’s a mighty hard job to
locate a prospector. He’s probably
stampeding around up above timber-
line, somewhere, and won’t be iii till
the show flies.”

   Mortimer said nothing for some mo-
ments. He was more than ever con-
vinced that he possessed valuable in-
formation and he made up his mind not
to share it with Collingwood.. The
question now uppermost in his mind
was how much the colonel would pay
for the shares. He was unwilling to
put his money into an uncertainty,
j “I suppose," he remarked tentatively,
“that if the colonel said he would pay
a certain price for those shares he’d
keep his word?”

I Collingwood shot a look at him. It
was very keen, and an expression
which Mortimer did not observe
crossed his face. “The colonel is strict-
ly honorable,” he replied. “When he
promises anything his word is away

ahead of the ordinary man's written
agreement. Why? You don’t know
Lowrey, do you?”

  "Never heard of him before,” said
Mortimer with assumed carelessness.
“I was just wondering if the colonel
was perfectly reliable. Plenty of men
aren’t."

  “Well, he is,” said Collingwood. with
emphasis. “You can tie right up to
what he says. He’d keep his word in a
financial matter if it took his last cent.
That’s one side. The other is that he
expects every one else to do the same."

  Mortimer, satisfied, changed the sub-
ject, much pleased at his own adroit-
ness. It remained only to interview
the colonel and obtain a definite prom-
ise from him to take over the stock at
a given price.

VII.

  Mortimer found Colonel Casimir en-
joying an after-breakfast cigar and
reading the financial news. The colonel
was spick and span, freshly brushed,
cleanly shaven, newly polished, and
even wore a flower in his buttonhole.

  “Sit down, seh—sit down!" he ex-
claimed cordially, motioning Mortimer
to a chair. “Fine mawnin’, Misteh
Mo’timer. Makes me feel almost young
again. And how do you find yourself,
seh, and how is my young friend Col-
lin'wood ?”

  "Quite well, both of us, colonel," re-
plied Mortimer. “I ran over this
morning to have a few words with you
about a matter of business.”

  The Colonel did not appear surprised.
“In that case, seh," he said, “per-
haps it would be as well for us to im-
bibe our mawnin’ drink first."

  “Not for me, thank you, colonel."
Mortimer declined. “I really can stay
only a minute.”

  “Well,” sighed the colonel regretful-
ly, “you young men pu'sue wealth to
the exclusion of rational enjoyment.
Pfayeh, seh, and a propeh amount of
stimulant hindeh no man’s journey. But^
as you please. Pe’mit me to offer you'
a jegah.”

Mortimer took the long, black pana-
154

THB ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

  tela and bit off the end nervously. The
  colonel cut a V in its counterpart with
  exceeding care, lighted it, and turned
  an eye of bland inquiry on the other.

    “You spoke of business, sell?’' he
  hinted gently.

    “About the Silver Queen shares.”
  said Mortimer, endeavoring to speak
  indifferently. “1 gathered from your
  conversation last night that you were
  anxious to buy a control."

    “I was speaking in confidence, seh,"
  said the colonel, “but it is a fact. What
  then, seh? Have you slock to dispose
  of?"

    “Not exactly," said Mortimer; “but I
  happen to know—that is. I think I could
  perhaps find some.”

    Colonel Casimir stroked his goatee.

    “The fact is, seh,” he said, “1 am
  through foolin’ about with small lots.
  I want enough to give me the control,
  or nothing/’

    ‘‘This isn’t a small lot,” said Morti-
  mer.

    “N-o?” The colonel’s face expressed
  polite doubt.

    “One hundred thousand shares,” said
  Mortimer.

    The colonel sat upright and regarded
  him with interest.

   “Have you an option on them?" he
  asked with what seemed to be hardly
  concealed eagerness.

    “Well—not yet,” hesitated Mortimer.
  “I know who has them, though,” he
  added, as the colonel sank back in his
  chair.	. .

    ‘"Without bein’ discourteous,” said
  Colonel Casimir, “I have known as
  much for some time. When you speak
  of a block of one hundred thousand
  shares—1 assume it is in one block—
  I also nachuliy assume that you mean
  Lowrey’s holding. Am 1 right?”

    “Yes,” Mortimer admitted.

    ’“Quite so. Well then, seh, I pre-
  sume you have information as to his
  whereabouts.”

   “Perhaps I have,” said Mortimer,
  with what he considered a knowing

*	air. “The point is, colonel, if I can de-
  liver you one hundred thousand shares,
  what will you pay for them?”

  Colonel Casimir smoked for a mo-
ment or two in silence.

  “Are you in a position to guarantee
delivery?" he asked.

  “Not exactly,” Mortimer replied.

  The colonel shook his head.

  J’Then I can't make you a definite
offer for what you may or may not be
able to sell. If you came to me shares
in hand it might be different.”

  “1 don't see why.” said Mortimer.

“I only want to know what they will be
worth if I can <;et them. If 1 can’t
get them that settles it.”

  “The fact is," said Colonel Casimir,
“that time is impo’tant in this matt eh.
They mjgbt be worih more to me to-
day than a week hence, or they might
not. I can't make you a definite offer,
sell, open for an indefinite time. If I
make one at all there must be a time
limit on it.”

  “How long?" asked Mortimer.

  The colonel considered, stroking his .
goatee. Mortimer waited anxiously.

  “Put it this way. If in three days ]
you can deliver me one hundred thou- j
sand Silver Queen I will pay fifty cents I
per share. If after that. up to one week,]
I will pay fo’tv. After that I don’t want!
them at all. i’ll fo’leit my options and I
stand my loss.”

  “That's satisfactory," said Mortimer,ft
relieved. “1 hope to get then in three!
days.”

  “Very good, seh,” said-the colonel.!
“Of course you unde’etand that in the
meantime my agents will continue their
inquiries, and if they can locate the
owneh of this block and buy the shares
for me they will be quite within their
rights.”

  “Of course I understand that," Mor-I
timer replied. “That’s fair. Would you*
mind giving me a little memorandunit
of the agreement, colonel?”

  “My word, seh," said G;>lonel Casi-1
mir with dignity, “is prolrly as bind#
ing as any writing. And yet you area
quite right. Mode’n business destroys!
old-fashioned ideas of honah. You shalH
have vour memorandum, seh."	J

  With the brief note penned by th®
colonel in his pocket Mortimer almosW
ran to the bank where he kept his ac-j
THE COME-ON

155

  count, for the train for Coppercliffe
was due in half an hour. As he would
need ready money to deal with a total
stranger such as Lowrey he withdrew
almost his entire balance, leaving only a
nominal sum to keep the account open.
On the two-hundred-mile run lo Cop-
percliffe he was nervous and excited,
and frequently fell the inside pocket in
which he carried his money to make
absolutely sure of its possession. He
tried to formulate a plan of action which
should give Lowrey no inkling of the
value of the shares and yet adequately
explain his desire to buy them ; but he
failed to do so and made up his mind
to confine himself to a cash offer and
refuse all explanations.

VIII.

  He arrived in Coppercliffe late that
night and went to the Ogallala House.
Investigation of the register showed
Lowrey’s signature a couple of days
old.

“Air. Lowrey here still?” he asked.

  It appeared that Lowrey was still in
the hotel. Furthermore he was sick
and confined to his room.

  As an attempt to see him that night
might have given the impression that
the matter was urgent Mortimer de-
cided to wait till morning, taking a
chance on being before the letter which
he had seen the Silver Queen man write
—a letter which doubtless bore on the
value of the property but which the
writer might have been too drunk to
mail.

  After breakfast he sent up his card
to Lowrey’s room.

  “Mr. Lowrey's sick.’’ said the bell-
hop, returning/ “He don’t want to see
no one.”

, Mortimer slid a half-dollar into his
receptive paw. “You just show me up.”
he said.

I He entered the room and closed the
Moor behind him. The blinds were
drawn, throwing the interior into par-
jual darkness. The occupant lay on the
ped, his unshaven face gaunt against
pie pillows. A pair of angry blue
F>es glared at Mortimer. A table

Hanking the bed was strewn with medi-
cine-bottles; incongruous among them
lay a pack of cards.

  “Mr. Lowrey?" asked Mortimer,
though he had no doubt of the other’s
identity.

  I m Lowrey, said the sick man.
“And who the devil are you, and what
in blazes d ye mean by butting into my
room ?”

  "My name is Mortimer.” said the
other. “1 sent up my card.”

   “And I sent you word I wouldn’t see
you,” said Lowrey angrily. “I don't
want to see you; I don't want to see
anybody. It’s hell enough to be laid
up here by myself, but it's a heap worse
to be stared at by a damn fool. Stop
it, can't you. And get out.”

  "I m sorry, lied Mortimer. “The
boy must nave made a mistake; he
said you’d see me. But ac I’m here
I'd like to talk a little business .2 v.
feel able.”

  “You go to thunder,” said Lowrey.
“I won’t buy any books and my life
isn't worth insuring. I know you fel-
lows. If I could stir oil this cursed
bed I’d jam vou through the fan-
light/’

  “I'm not selling books nor insur-
ance,” Mortimer protested. “I'm not
selling anything. I want to buy.”
“Want to buy, eh ?” growled the
other. “If you think I’ve got anything
worth selling I wish you'd hold it next
the light so I can see it myself. It’s
a cinch that I'd have to go out and steal
anything I sold. And look here! It’s
not safe to josh an old prospector, even
if he is flat on his back.”

  “I’m not trying to do anything of
the kind,” protested Mortimer. "I un-
derstand that you own some Silver
Oueen stock?”

   The sick engineer raised himself on
his elbow* and eyed hrs interlocutor
closely.

  “Well, suppose I do?" he said, at
length. “Is that what you want to

buy ?”

  “I might make you an offer, it we
can agree on terms.” said Mortimer
diplomatically.

   ''How do you figure we can agree on
156

THE <PO<PULZ1<R MAGAZINE

terms unless yon make an offer?” said
the engineer.

  “VVhat do yon want fur your whole
block of stock?” inquired Mortimer in
his most businesslike tone.

  Lowrey scrutinized him in silence.
Then :

  “Did Farrel send you to buy me
out?” he asked.

  “Farrel?” repeated Mortimer, mysti-
fied.

  “That's what 1 said. Farrel."

  Mortimer had never heard of Far-
rel and was on the point of saying1 so
when it occurred to him that it might
be as well to assume a knowledge he
did not possess.

  “Xo, Farrel has nothing to do with
it," he replied. "I'm here for myself,
and for no one else. I'm buying for
myself, if I buy at all.”

  “How much stock do you figure I
have?” asked Lowrey.

  “About one hundred thousand
shares.”

  "Well, and if you buy a hundred
thousand what good is that going to do
you ? The mine has been run rotten
since Parrel's had it, and now they tell
me the vein lias pinched out. May be
only a fracture, but anyway they’ve lost
it. You must have some reason for
wanting to buy, outside of the present
value of the stock, and I want to know
what it is. I've been away for months,
and I’m not giving up anything in the
dark. You say you’re not from Farrel,
and that goes. I wouldn't sell him a
share of.mv s'ock, after the way he and
his crowd have treated me. All the
same you've got to show me. I've been
a sucker often enough.”

  “What do you want to know?” asked
Mortimer. "I ask you to set a figure
on your stock. What does it matter
why r want it?”

   “I tell you I'm not letting go blind,"
said the engineer. “I never thought the
Silver Queen was a world-beater, but
I've spent a heap of time and some
money on it, and my shares are all I've
got to show. I know what they’re
worth on the market—about a winter’s
grub-stake and no more. That’s why,
when you come to buy them, I start

asking questions, because you don’t look
like a man that would play a dead card
across the board.”

  “Not if I knew it.” said Mortimer,
pleased at the other's estimate of his
shrewdness, and repented the words im-
mediately. “But of course,” he added,

“a man has to take chances now and
then; Pin willing to take one with
the^e .shares. 1 think I can handle them
and make a fair profit, if you don't
want too much.”

  "Not good enough,” said Lowrey,
shaking his head. “1 don’t ask you to
let me in on the cellar, or even the
basement, but I want a peep at the
ground floor or we can't deal. That's
whatever. And it's a safe bet that,
sick and all as I am and so poor that if
turkeys were a cent a pound I couldn't 1
look pleasant at a jaybird, I can't be j
talked into a fool sale. You'll have ‘
to unbosom some more.”

  Mortimer thought rapidly. He had I
no doubt that Lowrey meant every
word he said, and it was up to him J
to construct an impromptu yarn that !
should contain a fair element of proba- ’>
bilily and sound plausible. Thus up 1
against it his conversations with Col- .
lingwood recurred to him.

  “Well,” he said, “I've no objection i1
to giving you a look in. Here's how 1.
it is. Your friend Farrel and some |l
more have a plan to amalgamate with
another company, and any one who!
won't come in will be frozen out. r|
Those who do come in will find so ||
much water in the new stock which' j
will be offered them in exchange for j
the old that they’ll be disjpisted, and j
bc.-idcs, the new stock will likely be as-
sessahlc. That’s Parrel’s scheme. Now, J
some other capitalists and myself want £
sufficient stock to block it, because weji
think we can sell the mine at a profit. J
We are willing to pay a good price. asj|
compared with the market. That's the^
whole thing.”

  “Sounds all right.” said Lowrey.. 1
“How would it be if I came in witlrl
you and agreed to vote my stock any*
way voti wished?”

  "It wouldn’t do,” said Mortimefif
promptly. “We are a syndicate, an<Mj
THE COME-ON

157

we want the absolute control among
ourselves.”

   “So that it's freeze-out anyway.” said
Lowrey bitterly. *Tf I don’t sell I
get amalgamated and assessed out of
my holdings. I know how that works;
I've seen it done before, and it’s just
plain robbery but legal as hell. And if
I do sell you give me a few cents a
share. Nice, isn’t it?”

   “Oh, I'll give you a fair price,” said
Mortimer. His heart was beating rap-
idly for he saw signs of yielding, lie
plumed himself on the adroitness of
his invention. “You know that Silver
Oneen is unsalable at present, but I’ll
give you ten cents a share. Thars ten
thousand dollars. Not so bad, after
all!”

  “It wouldn’t be if you could get it
for that, but you can’f,” said Lowrey.

  “How much do you want, then?”
asked Mortimer.

  Lowrey considered.

  “I should think thirty cents a share
would be about right.”

  “Thirty cents!” exclaimed Mortimer.
"Why, man alive, your stock wouldn’t
sell on the market for five!’’

   “I’m not selling it there,” retorted the
sick engineer. “You want it pretty
bad, or you wouldn’t be here. I’m not
letting it go for ten cents, anyway."

  After half an hour of bargaining
Mortimer had raised his offer to fifteen
cents and Lowrey had lowered his de-
mands to twenty-five. There they
'stuck; a deadlock appeared imminent.
Mortimer wondered if, after all. the
other had heard from the Silver Queen
man.

  “I can’t do it.” said the sick engi-
neer. “Look here”—he drew a photo-
graph from under his pillow and held
it up to Mortimer—“there’s my wife
and the kids. This stock is about all-1
have in the world; I’m crippled with
rheumatism. 9nd God knows what be-
sides'; the altitudes have got my heart
so I m no good any more. Sooner than
let my stock go at fifteen I’ll keep it and
’aJe a chance, or I’ll sell out to Farrel.
There’s something doing, and I believe
it will pay me to hang onto it anyway.”

   Mortimer was alarmed. He had hun«-
at an offer of fifteen as if it had been
his maximum, but he did not wish to
arouse the latent obstinacy which he
was sure Lowrey possessed in plenty.
And besides, at any moment that letter
might be delivered, if it had not been
delivered already, or an agent of Casi-
mir’s might appear on the scene. In
either case it would be good-by to his
chances. It behooved him to close the
bargain at once, if it took his last cent.

   “I ll tell you what I’ll do, Lowrey,”
he s'aid, with an air of generosity. “I’ll
give twenty cents. It’s more than the
stock is worth, and I only do it because
you seem to be in hard luck. If you re-
fuse that I’m through.”

   He waited for a reply, his heart in
his mouth. The sick engineer looked
long at the photograph of his family,
and his chest rose and fell with some
inward emotion.

   “I’ll take your offer,” he said, “be-
cause I have to. I’d like to keep the
stock, if it wasn’t for the wife- and the
kiddies. It’s hell being poor—when
you’ve got a family. Not married, are
you ?”

  “No,” admitted Mortimer, thinking
of Maisie.

   “Then if you did happen to lose your
money it wouldn’t worry you much,”
said Lowrey with a grim smile. “Not
that there seems to be much chance of
your losing it. You can look after your-
self. I guess. Take a pretty smart man
to skin you, eh? But you want to look
out for Farrel; he’s crooked.”

   "I’ll look out for him.” said Morti-
mer. “Now, have you got those certifi-
cates ?”

  Luckily Lowrey had them. He had
intended to negotiate a loan with them,
or to endeavor to do so, but his sick-
ness had prevented it. The certificates
were apparently in order; the sick engi-
neer signed the transfers and Mortimer
counted out crisp hundred-dollar bills.
The transfer duly completed, the latter
consulted his watch and found that he
had just time to catch a train for-Ga-
lena. He shook hands with Lowrey,
hurriedly wished him a speedy return
to health., and made for the station.
158

THE ‘P&PULZJR MAGAZINE

  Mortimer had barely left the room
when the sick engineer leaped from the
bed with surprising agility and pressed
the button. 1 lie bell-boy who responded
passed Mortimer on the way.

  “Son/' said the engineer, “do you
want to earn real money?"

  “You bet/' said the boy emphatical-
ly. lie had found Lowrey a generous
tipper.

  “Then rustic out and spot the man
who has just left here. His name is
Mortimer, and he came in last night.
He’ll be paying bis bill now. Find out
where he goes and if he leaves town.

1f they kick at the desk, say you had a
note for him from me. I’ll fix it with
them. Now hump yourself.”

  Tor half an hour he lay quietly in
bed. fingering the sheaf of bank-bills.
At the end of that time the bell-boy
returned.

  “The guy left on sixty-four, goin’
west/' he said. “I see him get on the

train.”

  The sick engineer handed him a
twenty-dollar bill.

  “That’s for you. Bring me up a bot-
tle of champagne and half a dozen
four-bit cigars as quick as you can step,
and rush this message over the wire.”

  He was shaved and half dressed
when the wine arrived, and humming a
tune. When the east-bound pulled out
of Coppercliffe a couple of hours later
Mr. William J. Lowrey, the sick engi-
neer, spry as a boy. was subsidizing
the porter with a view to securing his
best services in the matter of stateroom
accommodation.

IX.

  Mortimer stepped off the train at
Galena City with the air of a con-
queror. He had one hundred thousand
shares of Silver Queen safely tucked
in his inside pocket; and, as these
shares had been purchased at twenty
cents and were as good as sold at fifty,
they represented a profit of thirty thou-
sand dollars. It was almost incredible,
brt he had the written promise of
Colonel Jefferson Casimir, capitalist, to
pay fifty cents per share. This, he re-

flected, was the way fortunes were
made. Instead of drudging along on
a salary and investing his money in
farm mortgages at a beggarly five per
cent, he had struck boldly for the West
and jumped into the game, with the re-
sult that he had made more money in a
fortnight than the staid business men
of Ardendale had made in their lives.
Small wonder that he trod'on air as he
made his way to the Palate.

   He inquired for Cullingwood. Hav-
ing turned the trick, he wished to tell
somelxxjy al>out it, and he had antici-
pated pleasurably that gentleman s sur-
prise and secretly envious congratula-
tions.

   “Mr. Collingwood left this after-
noon/' he was told,

  Mortimer was surprised. Colling-
wood had said he would be about Ga-
lena for a month, at least.

   •“Do you know which way he went?"
he asked. “Did he leave any message
for me?”

   There was no message and no in for- '
mation. Not having any one to share j
his triumph Mortimer dined lone son: cl y, J
albeit as expensively as possible. lie j
would have liked some form of celebra- J
tion, but failing that lie devoted an hour I
after dinner to a letter to Maisie. |»
Lacking a present friend to listen, he r
spread the tale of his success over many j
sheets of paper, with much detail. And j'
then, leaving the letter unfinished, he j,
went to find Colonel Casimir.

  Mortimer looked through the
crowded rotunda of the Commercial, jj
bin nowhere could he see the broad I
shoulders, soft black hat. and benevo- f
lent face of the capitalist.

   “Out somewhere/' he soliloquized. .
and asked at the desk.

   “Colonel Casimir left to-dav,” was II
the reply.

   Mortimer’s face expressed his con-
sternation. But he reflected that the
colonel had a perfect right to leave Ga-
lena. Only, it was peculiar that he had
not men I toned the possibility.

   “Any letter for me?” he asked. ‘My
name is Mortimer.”

 “Nothing.”	. !

   Mortimer sat down. It came to him!
THE COME-ON

159

  suddenly that he did not know the
  colonel’s business address or a thing
  about him other than the information he
  had received from Collingwood. Nor
  did he know a thing about Collingwood
  beyond what he had been told by the
  colonel. A glance at the register
  showed that the latter had registered
  from Louisville. It so happened that
  Mortimer knew a man there, and to
  him he wired asking for information
  as to the business standing of Colonel
  Casimir. Meantime he made such in-
  quiries as he could, but ascertained
  nothing.

   He could not receive an answer to
. his telegram before morning, and he
I spent the night the prey of a hundred
[ horrible doubts. He read over his let-
I ter to Maisie. The cheerfully light
j phrases seemed to mock him. His ap-
L predation of his own boldness and
I business sagacity in seizing a situation
L and using it in such a way as to more
f than double his money, seemed ghastly
[ in its folly. And in the morning a
I wire from Louisville appeared to con-
\ firm his apprehensions. It read:

    Casitnir unknown here in financial circles.

Mortimer, at his wits’ end, spent the
I morning hoping against hope for a tele-
I gram from either Collingwood or Casi-
f mir. In the afternoon it occurred to
him for the first time to make inquiries
1 about the Silver Oueen company. He
discovered that they had offices, and
thither he repaired.* Although he was
j' sure that his sale to Casimir had fallen
through he had share-certificates in the
company, and they might be of some
> value.

The Silver Queen offices were lo-
cated in a back room of a newly erected
1 office-building, and were apparently
' shared by several real estate and insur-

•	ance men. A man sitting with his feet
  on a desk, smoking and reading a

[ paper, was pointed out to him as Far-
  rel, the president and managing di-
  rector of the Stiver Queen. He greeted
  Mortimer with slight ceremony.

   “I have some shares in the mine and

•	Id like some information about it,”
  said the latter.

     ou re plumb welcome to informa-
tion, said Farrel. "I don't remem-
ber your name as a stockholder.”

  “I’ve‘just bought the shares,” said
Mortimer.

  “Hope you got ’em cheap, then,” re-
turned Farrel grimly'. ' If you want
any more I’ve a bunch to sell at bar-
gain prices.”

  “What are they worth?” asked .Mor-
timer, with a sinking heart.

   Farrel spat accurately into a waste-
basket.

  “By the square foot,” he replied,
“they’ll come cheaper’n burlap. They’d
make an artistic thing in wall-paper.”

  “You don’t mean to say they’re
worthless?” cried Mortimer. ”1 was
told there was a new strike.”

  “The men struck—and they’re not
paid yet,” said Farrel calmly. '“Here’s
the whole thing in a nutshell. The Sil-
ver Queen may be a good quarry, but
it ain t a mine. There was ore once,
but it has pinched out. The company
is busted and high and dry. Some of
us who were foots enough to sign notes
to the bank for capital to develop with
are being sued on ’em now. The Silver
Queen is dead horse—wolf bait—all
same the flowers of yesteryear. If
you’ve bought any lithographs I’m sorry
for you.”

  Mortimer drew out his bundle of
certificates.

  “I—I’ve a hundred thousand,” he
said in a choking voice, tor after all he
was very young, “and I paid twenty
cents a share!”

   Farrel spread out the certificates and
looked at the signatures, at first care-
lessly and then with attention. He
whistled.

   “This isn't old Bill Lowrey’s signa-
ture,” he said. And after a moment’s
inspection: "And these aren't our cer-
tificates, either. Not that ours are worth
much more; but these are forgeries.
Tell me about it."

  Mortimer told his story in shaky
tones. Farrel listened with rough sym-
pathy, tinged with contempt.

  “Mr. Mortimer.” he said, when the
other had concluded, "you’ve fallen for
the ‘sick-engineer game. It's a come-
160

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

on so old they worked it in Solomon's
mines. Don't think I’m rubbing it in,
but there isn’t a chance on earth of
getting your money back; if you have
any left I'd adyise you to put it in a
bank and draw it out one dollar at a
time. It’s the only safe system for
some people.”

X.

  The east-bound flyer roared into Red
Cloud, halting just long enough to ex-
change mail-sacks. Red Cloud was
three hundred miles east of Galena
City, and one hundred cast of Copper-
cliiTe. As she came to a grinding stop
Charles Anson Collingwood and Colonel
Jefferson Casimir swung aboard a rear
coach, disregarding the protests of the
porter. They made direct for a state-
room and opened the door without
formality. Inside sat Mr. Williairt J.
Lowrey, the sick engineer, deeply en-
grossed in a game of solitaire. He
looked up as they entered.

  ‘‘Well, by thunder! Red Cloud al-
ready!*' he exclaimed. “Didn’t think
we were within an hour of it."

  “I got your wire,” said Collingwood.
“Lid you land the money, Frank?”

  “You bet I did," said Lowrey, other-
wise Frank Duprau, mechanic, lithog-
rapher, pen-and-ink artist and lock-
expert. "I’ve got it in my kick—all
cold cash/’

“Spread her out,” said Collingwood.

  Duprau produced a thick bundle of
bilU.

  "Even twenty thousand, less some
expenses," he announced.

  Collingwood counted the money with
trained fingers; then he divided it into
three portions: one of these he shoved
in his pocket.

  “I had the right- hunch, stopping off
at Galena," he said. “Did he give up
easy?”

  ‘■Hypnotized,” replied Duprau.
“Where does he come from? Let’s go
there. There may be more like him at
home.”

  “You got his whole stack, then,” said
Casimir. -\s “Big Jim” McDonough
he was well but unfavorably known to

the police of two continents. His
“come-on” operations had extended
over thirty years, and the older he
grew the smoother he got. He had shed
his soft Southern accent as he would
have taken off a coat; just as readily
he could have acted to perfection the
part of a French count, a crusty British
cavalry officer with a liver acquired in
India, or any one of a dozen rol*-s.

  “Charlie can smell a sucker in the
middle of a lake/’ said Duprau ad-
miringly. ‘ He made a strong bluff at
a best offer of fifteen cents a share.
Then I flashed a picture of my wife
and kids on him and swore I wouldn’t
let go under twenty, lie gave it to
me, claiming it was because I was in
hard luck. Wouldn’t that jar you!-' And
him thinking he was skinning me thirty
cents a share. Tliat’s your honest guy,
every time!"

  “Where did you get the picture ?” j
asked McDonough.

  “In a photo gallery. ‘Type of |
American Motherhood/ It’s great. I j
suppose we go right through to the ]
good old Atlantic now, Charlie, eh?"

   Collingwood. known to his few inti-
mates as Charlie Smith, and to scores
of swindled individuals by as many
aliases, nodded absently. He was the
real head and executive brain of the
trio; they worked on his “frame-ups"
with absolute confidence.

   Duprau, finding his companions dis-
inclined for further conversation, vent
back to his solitaire which for liim was
an endless experiment in the theory' of
chance.

   At the end of half an hour he looked
at the others. McDonough was smo-
king, his eyes on the ceiling. Smith
was staring absently out of the window
into the blackness of the night. Du-
prau regarded the latter with profound
regret.

   “Charlie has got a skirt back East,
somewhere.” he whispered to McDon-
ough.	.

  “We’ve all had ’em." said Dig Jun.
with tolerant philosophy. r>ut he, too,
presently stared out of the window : for,
thirty years before, a woman who loved
him had been waiting.
Jack Bellamy, Lawbreaker

By B. M. Bower
Author of “The Boss of the Two-pole Pumpkin“Pirates of the Range" Etc.

VC.—THE SCALES CF JUSTICE

                 Perhaps in these days the scales of justice weigh only money,
                 perhaps sometimes truth and sentiment tip them this way or
                 that. At any rate, justice's final decision in the case of Jack
                 Bellamy isxfninently satisfactory to him and to the community

(A Complete Story)

HEN I say I just hap-
pened to light on it, I
mean it just that way.
I was headed for a
spot where I thought I
could fix me up a
hang-out that would
do till I found some-
j thing better, because I didn't feel no-
way safe in my present abode, after
Goodyear being there. Of course, now
j I look back at things, he’d have had
| quite a large-sized contract leading a
| posse to my cave, even if he had want-
1 ed to, because I packed him in during
I a blizzard and when he was too near
| done up to know where he was, half
j the time; and 1 packed him out again
I after dark and in a snow-storm. And

(even in daylight it wasn't any picnic
finding the place if you was green to
the country especial.

But after I’d got him out of there I
felt like a she-wolf that smells human
tracks close to her den of pups. Rain
or shine, day or night, she’s going to
vacate that den if she lives. Maybe
j; the man never got next to the place,
lbi:t that don’t make any difference to
J her—she holds to the theory that it’s
better to be safe than sorry. And that
was how I felt about it. So I was
hiking across 'he head of a coulee close
| to the one I'd been stopping in, tliink-
mg that on the other side was an over-
hang of roek about like the one I’d

       11

fixed up before, and as I said I hap-
pened to light on this other place. The
way it was, I fell through the earth and
lit in a kinda tunnel made by water
washing underneath.

  I wasn’t hurt much; just shook up
and surprised a lot. I'd dropped about
ten or twelve feet, and when I’d picked
myself up and took stock of my bones,
I seen I couldn't expect to go back the
way I’d come, so I started to find the
end of the blamed thing—and which
end didn't matter none to me. It was
plumb dark for a ways, and I was
headed down-hill so emphatic I had to
lean back and dig in with my heels in
places. Some folks might've thought
they was headed straight down to the
hot springs, but I'd been near the top
of a hill when I fell through, and I
didn’t lose my bearings going down. I
judged I was headed for the coulee—
or canon, it was particular—that I’d
been trying to get around. So I kept
right on going and didn’t worry a lot
about the wind-up.

  Pretty soon the tunnel give a twist—
where the water had followed the loose
rock and earth—and I seen daylight
ahead, all right. And then I come out
into a clean, level rock hollow that
looked good to me, all right, for a hide-
out. I went to the opening, and I was
about half-way down in the canon and
the walls so steep a jack-rabbit couldn't
get up ’em. Only for the spring floods
7'HE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

that would come roaring down through
the tunnel and wash a fellow plumb
out, 1 could have lived there indefinite
and serene with posses hunting through
ihe Bad Lands with drag-nets.

  I set down on a rock and looked
around me and sized up the lay. On
one side a spring dripped a little stream
down over the rock wall and landed
in a hollow the size of a dish-pan; run
over the top and trickled off through
a seam to the bottom uf the canon—
or the center of the earth, it didn’t
matter which. There was the water
right handy for cooking, and that was
all 1 needed. There was other hollows
in the rock floor, but they was dry,
mostly.

  Well, it all looked good to me, and
by the time I'd smoked a cigarette over
it I could fair see Porky and me en-
joying all the comforts of home in
there. The tunnel leading into the cave
was small enough so a blanket would
shut off the draft, and I could point
the stovepipe into the tunnel to carry
off the smoke, and fix up a blanket
door over the opening, and—oh. I sure
had it all arranged fine inside ten min-
utes.

  Then I goes back up the tunnel, past
the place where I’d fell through, to the
head of the hole. It opened out in the
middle of a bunch of rocks, secluded
as sin. I don’t know as I ever run
onto such a peach of a place. It was
about half a mile across a level bench
to my other canon, and I made long
steps for home, and you can gamble on
it. '('his was just after daylight,, and
I was all packed up and ready to move
before that. I was plumb uneasy till
I’d got out of my old camp and into
the new, and soon as I'd got back from
taking Goodyear out, I had overhauled
all my stuff and packed things best 1
could for ca<v carrying.

  So when I ;l got Porky and me some
bread to stay otir appetites, I loaded
up and went and dropped the .‘•tuff
down that hole where I'd fell through.
It was snowing and blowing so I didn’t
leave no tracks, either. When I’d got
everything dropped into the tunnel that
would drop, and had let breakables

down with a rope. I dropped in myself
and took Porky with me. And after
that it was pickings and T could get
settled and take my time about it, and
they could ride the high-lines all they
blamed please looking for me. There’s
no use talking—when you’ve got a
bounty on your scalp and you know
there ain't a man in the country but
would be tickled to death to cash you
in, you get to feeling a lot better holed
up underground like a wolf, and the
deeper you burrow the better you feel
in your mind.

  So thafs how me and Porky moved
and settled inside twenty-four hours I
after Goodyear hail gone. And it did J
break up the monotony of holding forth •
in the Bad Lands in the winter, all
right, and seeing we had a dandy place j
to stay I was kinda glad we moved.

  After that we lived in peace and quiet j
all through January and February, and
the time didn’t go as slow as you might t
think. I hunted quite a lot, and kept jj
in fre*h meat that way, which helped ]
out on the bacon and beans and was I
fun besides. And I had to go up on •;
the side hills for firewood, and pack it J
down the tunnel, and that was some 1
considerable work, too. Porky used j
to gnaw the bark off all the stuff that J
had bark, so I made it a point to pack J
in some green wood for him: it amused I
him a lot and was healthy too.

  So there we would be, warm and j'i
snug no matter how bad the blizzards j
tore things up on top. I could see j
where the wolves is in the right about 1
making their home underground. I’ve
wintered in line-camps that wasn’t near
as comfortable, and was blamed near ■
as lonesome, too. Most I missed was i
a good horse or two and a saddle; I '
don’t reckon I'd used my legs so con-M
stant before since I was a kid, and it ;
kinda went against me till I got used I!
to it.

  So now I’m coming to the real funnyft
part. You can maybe imagine me laying
on my blankets with a candle so close
to my head it’s liable to singe my hair
if I move inadvertent, and with old Bill
Shakespeare in both fi^ts and a ciga-
rette in my teeth, kinda half smokingjj
JACK BELLAMY, LAWBREAKER

163

and half dozing, and half watching
Porky digging into one of the loose
hollows in our- floor. He was busy as
a coon—which I mean the four-legged
brand—and looked important as sin.
He’d buried something in there and
was trying to get it out, and his quills
was rising and falling along with his
interest in the work. I thought a lot
of Porky by that time, and he was a
heap of company for me.

  So I watched him, som§ amused, till
he’d got the hole just about empty and
was dirt all over his face and hands.
And it kinda bore in on me that ther?
was something funny about his looks.
At first I didn’t take much interest; I
just noticed indifferent that his face
kinda had a shine, like these paper
angels they hang on Christmas trees.
Pretty soon I come alive enough to
wonder why, and once I got to won-
dering I got interested as sin and took
the candle and went over to him to see
how about it.

  I set the candle down on the floor
and looked around, and say! I like to
have had a fit right there. Porkv was
just wallowing in gold dust and nug-
gets, some of 'em big as the end of my
thumb. Now, what do you think of
that? And me living right there for
two months or so and never tumbling
to what was laying around careless
within reach! Wasn’t it plumb scan-
dalous ?

  I guess I don’t have to describe par-
ticular what took place there the next
three or four days. You can shut your
eyes and see one Jack Bellamy mostly
on his hands and knees, scooping out
every blamed hollow he can locate, and
whooping like a drunken sheep-herder
at Porky over the results. Say, I’ve
read about such things but I never took
stock in any real live man striking luck
’•n heaps and chunks that way. Part
of the time I couldn’t help thinking
the solitude had kinda gone to my head
and turned me silly, so I was imagining
that every hollow in that cave was alive
with gold.

  Times like that, I’d hike up the tun-
nel with my rifle on my shoulder and
Porky at my heels like a dog, and go

off over the hills hunting deer. Gen-
erally, when I seen I could shoot same
as ever and bring down whatever 1
took aim at, just like I always had done.
I'd be some reassured in my mind and
would go back and find the gold right
there where I’d left it. And then I’d
get to guessing about how much there
was of it, and thinking of all the things
it would do—properly applied. No use
talking, gold is a mighty nice thing to
have around. With a quart of dust and
a handful of nuggets a man can keep
himself interested a mighty Jong while
planning out the things he's going to
do with it—and I had several quarts
of dust, and nuggets till they was that
heavy it give me the blamedest queer
tingling feeling all over me when I
lifted ’em, just thinking how it was all
gold, and all mine. You don’t know
how crimply you get over it till you've
swelled your biceps out lifting your
own gold. And it was sure mine, all
right—mine and Porky’s. Nobody
hadn’t tore the bone out digging that
stuff and then lost it; old Mother Na-
ture had just naturally left it laying
in the ground careless, and the spring
floods that had washed out that tunnel
and cave had sluiced it thorough and
washed it down so it caught in the hol-
lows of the rock and stayed there. No
telling how many hundred years it had
took—but it’s safe to say it was
longer than it’ll take me to get away
with it.

  I guess it must have took me a week
or so to get gentled down so I could
view the situation anyways calm at all
and think deliberate about me being
rich ; rich enough to buy out the best
stock-ranch in the county, I reckon,
and then have some left. So T didn t
read no more after that, but put in the
time deciding how I could have the
most enjoyment in the shortest space of
time.

  Right there is where I bumped into a
problem that kinda feazed me at first.
I’d build me up a dream that was sure
a peach, and then it would occur to me
that I couldn’t bring it to pass none,
because I was an outlaw with a price
on mv head, and soon as I showed up
164

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

anywheres they’d slap me in jail; and
if I was so unwise as to tell about my
find, they'd likely swipe it whilst 1
walked to my meals with my hands on
another fellow’s shoulder too blamed
intimate to be pleasant.

  What do you think of that ? Me
cached down there in the Bad bands
with more gold than I’d seen in all my
life or ever expected to, and languish-
ing after a soft bed and feather pillows
and clothes built for me cspecial and
not in job lots, and all the things a
healthy man likes and wants—and not
daring to walk up to any man in day-
light for fear he’d do me some under-
handed trick that would put me all to
the bad.

   Justice? The name of it fair made me
 sick. And then I got to thinking over
 again how I didn’t deserve no such a
 deal as I’d been getting; hadn’t killed
 anybody or robbed no bank or train or
 nothing like that. All under heaven I
 could see that I was guilty of was ob-
 jecting a lot to being close-herded in
 jail, and busting out when they locked
 me up for not doing anything. Why, a
 man is a plumb fool to stay in jail
 when he ain’t done anything mean and
 can get out 1 And it wasn't my fault
 that the bars in their blamed window
 was set in rotten mortar, was it? I
 didn’t mix that mortar.

   So there I was, with gold enough to
get out and have a fine, large time and
yet held up by that weird reputation
I’d got innocent and inadvertent. At
first it had looked to me like a big josh
—this being an outlaw without deliver-
ing the goods—but I'd got all over
that ; I couldn't see none where the
laugh come in, and I was plumb ready
to take it serious.

   One night I was setting there in the
 candle-light with the nuggets spread
 out on a blanket, studying how I could
 get clean out of the country without
 being grounded up, and any way I
 looked at it that rep of mine loomed up
 large in tlie trail. And then I just
 thought to myself, that seeing I hadn’t
 done nothing so fierce I didn’t see how
 they could do me any great damage if I
 just fought it to a finish.

  “The scales of justice,” I says to
myself, “is used mostly nowadays for
weighing gold—and I’ve got the gold.
If 1 can’t tip the scales my way with
both gold and right on my side, what
the dickens is justice and laws and law-
yers for, anyhow? I’m going to amble
right in and face Plummer and the rep
he give me, and make ’em put up or
shut up. This thing of packing a bad
name is getting pretty blamed monoto-
nous, especial when I haven't got it
coming.”

  So after that heart-to-heart talk with
myself I felt a heap better and went to
sleep peaceful as anything. Next morn-
ing I commenced to get ready for the
move I was going to make. It was like
staking my whole pile of chips on one
draw, but I felt good all the same. My
packing up didn't take long, except
that I had to cache my wealth safe till
I coui ’ come back and get it, like the
fellow in “Monte Cristo." Do you know,
I couldn’t help kinda wondering if I’d
pan out the same and have to tell a
side-pardner where to find it and let
him wear the diamonds whilst I gazed
down from paradise on the swath he
was cutting with my gold. I tell you
right now, that prospect didn’t please
me none to speak of.

  Anyway, I took all T could with me
and made me tip some venison sand-
wiches so I wouldn’t have to cook none
on the road. I meant to do a stunt of
walking that would make my grand-
children set up when I told ’em about
it—in case I ever accumulated any—
and cover the seventy or eighty miles
to the county-seat—which I ain’t na-
ming—just as quick as the Lord would
let me.

  I didn’t want to be took in, you un-
derstand ; I wanted to go in and snub
them gay sheriffs and truck up short,
and ask ’em how about it. And with-
out wasting no words, I can say that I
got out of the Bad Lands without ma-
king no disturbance amongst the na-
tives.

  Second day out, I run onto a little
place where an old fellow happened to
bf holding her down alone and build-
ing him up a ranch and a little bunch
JACK 'BELLAMY, LAW<B<REAKE<R

165

of horses. He hadn't been out of there
for six months; he tokl me, so I felt tol-
erable safe and eat dinner with him.
He wasn’t worrying none about Jade
Bellamy: he was all for discoursing on
why the United States paid Spain
twenty million dollars for the Philip-
pines—which was interesting enough
at the time, maybe so, but what you
might call stale news at present. He
got real excited over it, though, and
come up and shook his finger under my
nose every time he turned loose a
bunch of eloquence, and when we was
eating he like to have jabbed my eyes
out once or twice with his fork. He
was sure an earnest-minded old cuss,
and when I offered to buy a horse and
riiling-outfit from him after dinner, he
was still worried a lot over them twen-
ty millions and how they ought to been
spent, so he wasn’t none curious and
sold me his saddle and bridle and a
horse like he was handing me the ma-
terials for a cigarette. He didn’t even
come alive enough to haggle none on
the price, but stuck the money down
in his jeans absent-minded with one
hand whilst he made gestures with the
other and libelized the Republican
party something fierce. He wanted me
to stay all night, but I was in a hurry
and rode off hasty. The last thing I
heard was, “I tell ye, Mark Han-
na-" The wind blowed the rest

away, and J wasn't none grieved, be-
cause I had things on my mind a heap
more important.

  I tell you right now, I felt like a
king once I got a decent horse between
my knees again, and more optimistic
than I’d been since away back. There’s
no use talking, a cow-puiKfher ain't all
there when you take his horse away
from him and set him on his own legs.
I know I meditated a lot on how I
come to be such a fool as to let them
idiots buffalo me into hiding out, all
this while. Looked to me like T should
have called ’em long ago. And then I
got to whistling, and seeing my horse
was a stayer as well as a drifter, we
hit that little, old county-seat along
about sundown, stepping high, wide
and handsome, and me with my hat

on the back of my head and elbows
flopping gay-and-free-and-don't-give-a-
damn.

  I galloped right down the middle of
their main thoroughfare and come near
running over a dog-fight; swung round
in a beautiful curve bounded on all
sides, and the middle with yellow dust,
and pulled up and made me a cigarette
whilst I listened to the owner of one
dog tongue-lash the owner of die other
dog and tell how easy it would be to
lick him to a frazzle and what a pleas-
ure it would be if he just only had time
to waste on him. He mourned too be-
cause he couldn’t see his way clear to
throwing away good lead on him, and
the like of that. And it all seemed like
old times come back, when 1 was just
a common, ordinary bronco-twister and
cow-puncher and wasn't figuring none
in the public eye as the real thing in
outlaws.

  So pretty soon, when the excitement
kinda died down and the dogs had gone
off to diagnose what wounds they
hadn't accumulated, I asked one fel-
low if Plummer was in town—which
was the deputy sheriff that had caused
all my woe, you remember. The man
said he was, and what did I want him
for especial, because he was over in
the Ten-strike, just peeling a sheepman
in great, thick layers, in a poker-game,
and he wouldn't want to be disturbed
for trifles.

  I didn’t want to make myself none
of a bad man and a boaster, but I was
feeling good and sassy. “Go in and
tell him Jack Bellamy is out here and
would like a whole lot to see him a
minute." Say, the fellow like to have
went over backward, but he just give
me one good look and packed my
message in to Plummer. And I set
out there 011 my horse and made me
another smoke, and nobody done a
thing but rubber. 1 hey was as meek
a bunch as I ever met up with, and it
sure did amuse me, seeing I was in the
joke and knew how plumb harmless I
was really.

  Plummer come out, all right: sure,
he did ! He come with two guns point-
ed ahead of him and gazabos peering
166

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

over his shoulder furtive, ready to
dodge back just as quick as the fire-
works commenced. I kept right on
smoking, with one leg hooked over the
saddle-horn and my hat back. I will
admit I was playing a watch-me-hoys
game, but seems like them months I
put in by my high lonesome in the
Bad Lands had to have something to
balance ’em, and so I was dead willing
to create a sensation and have some fun
out of the deal, if there was any. Up
to then the fun had been as scarce as
meadow-larks in winter. When Plum-
mer was about twenty feet off he
stopped and eyed me watchful.

  “t heard you was plumb anxious to
see me, Mr. Plummer,” 1 says to him
pleasant, “so I just thought I'd ride

around and--” I stuck there for the

simple reason that the fun oozed out
of the situation, as yuh might say, and
l>*ft me mad clear through at the way
he’d acted up and give me the worst
of it all along. If I’d been the kind of
man he’d got me painted, I’d sure have
ventilated him up some right there.
He was one of these big, red-faced,
bull-necked marks that you just hate
the sight of on general principles. I
couldn't to save my life go on making
a show. I got too blamed serious for
ever thinking any more about the gen-
eral effect T was having on the audi-
ence.

  Plummer come a little closer, scowl-
ing something fierce. “Jack Bellamy,
you’re my prisoner,” he bawls out in-
sulting.

  “Oh, am I?” I asks him through my
teeth—and then I turned loose and told
him all the things I'd been saying to
myself this long while whenever he
come up as a subject for my thoughts
to dwell on murderous. I don’t know
all T did say, and anyway, 1 guess the
biggest share wouldn’t stand repeating
in mixed company. lint 1 remember
fine how I wound up.

  “You made yourself mighty busy till
you got me branded for a sure-enough
outlaw.’’ I says, “with a bounty on my
scalp like T was a wolf. And now I’m
here to call your bluff. I’m here to
make you prove all them things.

You’ve chalked up the account to phase
yourself so far, but right here and now

you’ve got to prove the items. You
couldn’t bring me into camp yourself,
you"—we’ll just as well skip like
everything, along about here—"so I
had to come in myself. You needn't
get scared for fear I’ll pull out—I’m
going to stop right here and fight you
in the court you’ve got backing your
play. Lead the way down to that imi-
tation jail you’ve got here. I’m going
to stop there to-night"—which I knew
fine I'd just about nave to, and wouldn’t
give him a chance to haze me into it—
“and T wish you fellows would round
up all the lawyer sharps you’ve got in
this burg and send ’em down to me.
1*11 size 'em up and take my pick.” I
waved my hand grand—and there was
a gun in it. So Plummer led the way
like a little man., and if you ask me
why when he had them two guns in
plain view. I'll never tell you. 1 know
he didn't keep 'em pointing at me none
too straight whilst I was making my
war-talk, and that give me a chance
to pull mine. And I guess my doing
the unexpected kinda feazed him and
got him rattled. Anyway, he led out
all right, and I followed, with just
about the whole town at my heels like I
was a circus parade.

  I went into the jail behind Plummer
and told the jailer to put me down for
the best room he had. and to serve
supper immediate because I was hun-
gry as sin. And do you know, they
was that hypnotized with seeing me
there giving orders about my own in-
carceration. that they done just about
as they was told and didn’t have noth-
ing much to say. Which was sure
lucky, for I would've looked plumb
foolish if they'd forced my hand, and
me not wanting to do nothing fierce.

  I was setting on a corner of the table
in tiie jail office smoking a cigarette
and telling the gang what a lot of good
things I didn’t think of 'em, and they
listening attentive like 1 was a Fourth
of July orator shipped in from the next
countv, when in squirms a couple of
fellows that looked like they thought it
was their game. I sized ’em up out
JACK ‘BELLAMY, LAW<B<REAKE<R

167

of the tail of my eye and went on
and finished what I had to say, and
then one steps up and asks me if I’m
Jack Bellamy.

  "T sure am, old-timer,” 1 answers po-
lite. “If you don’t believe me, just
cast your eagle optics over the deputy
sheriff and be convinced. Don't he look
a lot like he was expecting to be rolled
dovvn-hill again?”

  He glanced over to Plummer, and I
seen by a twinkle in his eyes that he
had some sense of humor in him. which
pleased me a lot. What I was dreading
most was to have them that had au-
thority take me serious. I wanted to
put the joke on Plummer and keep it
there, which would ease things up for
me considerable.

  “You won’t have Plummer to deal
with now,” he remarks, eying me keen.
“I'm the sheriff, and I place you under
arrest.”

  “Oh, joy!” I exclaims. “I’ve been
wanting fierce to meet up with you,
Mr. Sheriff. I always like to make my
deal with the main guy. If you’ll chase
all these rooters out of here, I’d like
to have a little heart-to-heart talk with
you.”

  “They stay,” he asserts, swallowing
a grin. “I don’t want to be accused
of grafting on the quiet. Say on—and
remember it will be used against you.”

  “Will it ?” I took two or three draws
of smoke and looked him over. “I
hope it won’t be the means of hanging
me—but I wanted to ask for an imme-
diate preliminary hearing so I can give
bonds. They tell me they don’t have
felt mattresses nor real linen sheets in
this hotel, and I’m a heap fastidious
and object a lot to the accommodations.
Also, it insults both my muscles and
mv Drains to expect me to stay locked
in a place that’s so easy broke out of.
If I should happen to get to dreaming
in the night, T’d likely walk off and
lose myself: I’m sure a terror to sleep-
walk. So if you’ll round up a judge
of some kind, I’d be much obliged and
vote for vou next time vou run for
office.”

  “ The bonds would likely be high,”

he warns, still looking through me and
back.

  “I’ve got a right to have ’em
named,” I answers, and got up and
yawned. “If I can’t produce the goods,
that’s my own funeral and you needn't
even be one of the mourners, old-timer.
Get busy.”

  “Well, I like your nerve,” he con-
cedes, and sets Plummer to telephoning
whilst he kept an eye on me. He
wasn’t taking no chances—that sheriff
wasn’t, and I respected him for it.

  Pretty soon we was bunched up in
the office of a justice of the peace, and
he was saying ‘‘Two thousand dollars”
like he thought I’d wilt right there. I
hadn’t give 'em an opening to search
me, you see, so when I rolled out my
nuggets on the desk and called for
scales to weigh 'em, their eyes stood
out like frogs’ and they crowded up
till I was humped over the desk and
couldn’t straighten up for a minute till
I’d rammed my elbows into their chests
a few times.

  The fellow that had come into the
jail with the sheriff was a lawyer, and
lie looked to me medium honest con-
sidering his trade. So I handed him
the nuggets casual for a retaining fee
and told him to hunt me up a bonds-
man or two and w^atch my interests in
the game and see that they didn't ring
in any cold deck on me or anything
like that. So he said he would, and
took me under his wing right there._

  For the week that went by before
my case came up in district court that
happened to be setting then, I was kept
pretty tolerable busy wondering wheth-
er I was a hero or a curiosity to that
town. I always had a crowd trailing
after me when I walked the street^,
and in every saloon they bunched
around me like I was a Salvation Army
on a street-corner. My lawyer—-he
was named Charley Oberlv and was an
all-right boy—told me not to tell all I
knew, but to leave some of it for him
to say in court. So I took the hint and
didn’t loosen up none on my weird and
bloody career, nor how I come to be
getting humpback carrying gold nug-
gets around, nor anything about it I
163

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

did guy Plummer some, though, be-
cause it was against ihe rules to kill
him off and I had to relieve my mind
some way whenever our trails crossed:
which he took care didn’t happen none
frequent after the first time or two.

  So then, when my case come up and
I went in with Charley to face the jury
and take whatever medicine they mixed
for me. the court-room looked like a
prize-fight was about to be called, the
audience was that eager and piled
three-deep, seemed like. And I got a
jolt. too. I hadn't paid no attention
to details but left it all to Oberly, be-
cause I was paying him good and want-
ed to make him earn his money, and
I was busy untangling myself from my
admirers all the time. So the man
that was to build up the case against
me I’d plumb overlooked and hadn’t
thought nothing about. And here he
was Goodyear! Goodyear, the man I’d
packed on my back in a blizzard and
took him to my cave and nursed him
and fed him, and rubbed him faithful
with Three-H and hair-restorer and
lent him Bill Shakespeare to read—oh,
thunder!

  I was going to shake hands with
him, but he eyed me cold and I got
hostile and give him a glare that made
his look caressing by comparison, and
set down haughty and told Charley they
could turn loose any old time now. I
was disappointed as sin in Goodyear,
because T did think lie was human and
would remember how I could easy have
left him to freeze to death, and didn’t.
But what can you expect of a county
attorney, anyhow? They're there for
the sole and simple purpose of hanging
every man they can, ancl building up a
large, black name for every poor devil
lhat comes into court. They’re paid to
do it, and they can’t do it thorough and
be human. So they ain’t human ; it's
their trade not lo be.

  I will say one thing for Goodyear:
he sure could talk white into black.
It made me think of when T was pack-
ing him through that blizzard and he
was arguing against it so that he made
me feel as if I‘was committing a crime
to save his life like that. That morn-

ing in court 1 came near thinking 1
had, all right.

  The way he put the case, 1 was liv-
ing for the sole object of breaking the
laws and doing injury to my fellow
men. and I was plumb dangerous to
have around. He sure had me painted
lurid! He told about me taking a
prisoner away from an officer, and
about me breaking jail, and then he
went strong on me rolling Plummer
down-hill to his train and getting off
on Ilelga’s snow-shoes. And he oia:ed
till the crowd didn't know whether chey
ought to shed tears over Plum.ner, or
laugh themselves sick over him. Any-
ways, Goodyear elocuted v. '.ih a large-
sized weep in his voice.

  “Think of it, gentk-n. , of the jury!”
he implorfed piteous. "Our brave dep-
uty sheriff, who has served us faith-
fully, subjected to such indignity and
made to suffer such mental and bodily
anguish ! Picture that long, snow-cov-
ered bluff, lhat slope v.here all was
white and innocent to the eye, and yet
where this '.Hack-hearted scoundrel be-
fore you was about to perpetrate an
outrage the like of which civilized man
bad never conceived. Think of him,
gentlemen of the jury, driving before
him up that hill the officer who had
courageously placed him under arrest.
Think of our deputy sheriff toiling
painfully to the top of that bluff, with
this heartless fiend driving him like a—
a—a sheep ! Picture Mr. Plummer ly-
ing down at the command of his pris-
oner. being spurned with the prisoner’s
boot and sent rolling down, down that
awful slope. Great guns, gentlemen
of the jury; what if Mr. Plummer had
hit a rock ?”

  Well, say, I snorted right there and
rocked back and forth in my chair and
fair howled, I was that tickled. If
they’d hung me next minute I couldn't
have helped it. Plummer was setting
there, red as a turkev-gobbler's brow,
and when 1 looked at him I give a
whoop involuntary. Next I knew every-
body was laughing and howling, and
the judge was near getting apoplexy
and the sheriff pounding for silence,
and the jury holding onto each other.
JACK BELLAMY, LAWBREAKER

169

Such a time I never did see; it was
plumb scandalous.

  After a while things calmed down so
Goodyear could go on; he didn't orate
any further, but said the State was
ready to present the evidence against
the prisoner, and called up Plummer,
which was cruel to the poor man.
Seerr.ed like he had to bring out all the
most humiliating details, and Goodyear
trying his blamedest to make the jury
see it serious whilst the audience
snickered. There was another'witness
or two; folks that had been cr. the
train. You see, Goodyear ha I picked
on this one particular crime vO hang
me for, and he was trying to spread it
out and make the mrsst or t. And the
more he made of it, ;*e more ridicu-
lous it showed up Pli.i. • ler; till by the
time the State rested, J felt as if I was
even with Plummer and if 1 had to go
to the pen I could ^.o with a good
grace, know-ing that he’d be hooted
plumb out of the country for the part
he’d played.

  When Chat ley Oberlv got busy, he
didn’t do a thing to Plummer and the
rest. Oh, no! And he didn’t make
sport of the whole thing or nothing!
He told my tale the way I’d told it to
him, and I will say he told it better and
made me see myself a martyr to Plum-
mer’s damn-foolishness. Then he got
serious, and got the jury to looking se-
rious and sorry for me.

  Then Goodyear got up again and
told how, fun or no fun, the laws of
the country had got to be upheld and
respected. And that got me, because
is was a fact, all right, that I had broke
the law all to smithereens when I tack-
led Plummer. Assaulting an officer
ain’t any joke—not when you come
right dowTi to facts. I could see the
jury change its mind as plain as you
see a cloud come over the sun and put
you in the shadow. Goodyear was a
good talker, all right. In ten minutes
or less I wras feeling small and mean
and couldn't look anybody in the eye.
I felt like apologizing to Plummer,
even ; w'hich goes to prove the kind of
talker Goodyear was. The judge’s spiel
had been stern and proper and all that,

but it didn’t begin to get me the way
Goodyear done. 1 hen Goodyear wound
up the queerest ever.

  He <3 Sot the jury so they had
GUILl \ in big letters hanging on the
ends of their tongues, when he broke
off short and waited a minute till every-
body got to wondering- what w'as going
to happen. Then he commenced some-
thing like this:

  “While it may seem irrelevant and
not bearing on this particular case, gen-
tlemen jf the jury, I want to tell a
little adventure of mine that happened
this last wiuter. You will have ob-
served, gentlemen, that I limp quite no-
ticeably. Y ou may also have heard how
I was lost last December and how
searching parties had given me up
when I appeared very mysteriously
one night on the door-step of the store
at Claggett. I refused at the time, you
remember, to elucidate. I will do so
now.

  “Gentlemen of the jury, I was badly
hurt from falling off a high bank that
caved treacherously near the edge. I
was separated from my companions,
and could not walk. I lay for hours,
shouting and firing my rifle at inter-
vals to attract the attention of the
others, but to no purpose. It was near
night, and I was chilled through and
hopeless of ever seeing anything be-
yond those high walls, when a man
came sliding and scrambling down to
me. He was a stranger, and I. am going
to tell 3rou what he did. He took me
upon his back when he found I could
not walk, and he carried me somehow
up that bluff. It was storming and
growing bitter cold, and I begged him
not to sacrifice himself for me. I real-
ized to the full what he was doing—or
no, I did not then. Afterward I knew.

  “In spite of protests he labored
through the storm, making no explana-
tion but toiling up and down that heart-
breaking trail. I am not a small man,
and how his muscles must have strained
under the load I leave you to imagine.
I was “faint when at last wre reached
shelter. That shelter, gentlemen of the
jury, was a cave under an overhanging
rock, as nearly as I could judge. It
170

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

was roughly comfortable, and he put
me on his bed and worked over me
like a brother. He cooked for me, did
all in his p .»wer to ease my sufferings
and treated me as an honored guest.

  “Why he was living there alone he
did not explain, nor did I inquire. Per-
haps 1 could have guessed, it 1 had
tried. Perhaps I could guess that Ins
safety and his freedom depended on his
keeping this place secret, and that he
was jeopardizing that freedom and
safety when he carried me, a stranger,
into Ins retreat. 1 might possibly have
guessed that he was dividing with me
f.1 that it would he hard for him
to replenish; that the medicine he used
on my injuries he might need badly
for himself. I might imagine., when
lie at last insisted upon taking me on
a sled down to Claggett, that I might
receive better care than he could give,
that he was taking a great risk; that
lie was running into a danger he must
certainly have dreaded.

  “I might have guessed, gentlemen of
the jury, that the man who did all this;
the man who lived down in that God-
forsaken hole alone save for the com-
pany of a pet porcupine; the man who
saved my life and risked his own—
more than his own, for he risked the
freedom dearer to him than his life; I
might have known, gentlemen of the
jury, that that man was Jack Bellamy,

the prisoner who is waiting now tor

your verdict."

  He sat down, and nobody said a
blamed thing for as much as a minute.
Then the foreman of the jury looked
around at the rest, and they rose up
and veiled “Not guilty I" till you could
hear ’em clear into the street.

  I don't know why. but 1 got kinda
silly for a minute. I couldn't see any-
thing hut blurs, and I kept swallowing
at an ache that pinched my throat. And
when somebody grabbed my hand, 1
couldn’t for the life of me tell who it
was. Then I blinked furious and could
see that it was Goodyear.

  “You blamed idiot." he was saying
in my ear. “Couldn’t you see it was
for your good that I made my case
strong as possible? Couldn’t you sec
it would come out all serene in spite
of hell-and-high-water? Mow's Porky?
Did you bring him with you ?"

  I gulped a time or two and got my
voice in working trim. "No," I said,
“I didn’t; but I'm going ba.k after him
and the rest of my gold-mine. And if
you and Charley Oberly want to come
along, I’ll wait till you’re through
courting, here.”

  “You bet your sweet life I II come,”
he grins.

  Then the crowd like to have buried
me clean out of sight, they piled in that
thick to congratulate me.

THREAD USED IN SURGERY

ARE you aware that the modem surgeon employs in his work dozens of dif-
ferent kinds of thread for sewing up cuts and wounds? Among them are
kangaroo tendons, horsehair, silk, and very fine silver wire. Many of
tlgese threads are intended to hold for a certain number of days, and then natu-
rally break away. The short, tough tendons taken from the kangaroo, which are
used for sewing severe wounds, will hold for about four weeks beiore they break
away. Silk thread will remain much longer, sometimes six months, while the
fine silver wire is practically indestructible.

    With the entire outfit a surgeon is able to select a thread that will last as
long as the wound takes to heal* and will then disappear completely. To accom-
modate this assortment of threads, special varieties of needles are required. Be-
sides the needle craned in different segments of a circle, surgeons use needles
shaped like spears, javelins, and bayonet points.
  The Mafia and the Contessa

By J. Kenilworth Eger con
Author of "Queen Drag o' s Cape" "The Perfume of Madness " Etc.

   having landed Van Octen in jail, Tomn y Williams seems entitled to a
respite from his unsought-for battles with criminals and conspirators. There
is no rest lor him, however. The powerful nand of Van Osten moves his pup-
pets of crime even from behind the bars ot a Sicilian prison and our artist
friend finds himself the object Of the unsolicited attention of anarchists, the
Mafia and what-not secret forces. He deals with them in his wonted way.

{In Two Parts—Part I.)

EE name “Ernesto
Cambioni" which was
printed on his card
conveyed nothing to
us and when he en-
tered the studio which
my friend Mr. Thomas
Williams had fitted up
in Palermo he looked from one to the
other of us inquiringly.

  “I have the honor of addressing Mr.
Williams?'1 he said interrogatively in
English which .scarcely betrayed his
foreign birth. Tommy nodded and
glanced again at the card.

  “That is my name; what can I do
for you ?” he asked and the Italian
glanced at me and smiledv

  “That will, perhaps, need consider-
able explanation and I assume that I
may speak freely before you both,” he
answered. “It would be better if I told
you fir^t mv position. T am an official
of the Italian secret service and 1 am
employed in the international depart-
ment; my special duties being to watch
the anarchists and to safeguard the
royal family and such visiting royalty
as come to’ Italy.”

  “But, a- neither my friend nor my-
self could by the wildest stretch of the
imagination be classed as members of

that interesting brotherhood, I can
hardly believe that you visit us in your
official capacity,” answered Tommy and
the Italian laughed and shrugged his
shoulders.

  “Not exactly in an official capacity
and I have never suspected for a mo-
ment that you were either of you in
sympathy with those pests of society,”
he said after a moment's hesitation. “It
has often fallen within my province to
order the deportation of undesirable
foreigners across the frontier. Believe
me. 1 do not insinuate that either of
you gentlemen fall within that cate-
gory ; for I know a great deal about
you and it is all to your credit; but still
I come to recommend to you as a mat-
ter of courtesy that you leave Italy at
your very earliest convenience." He
had stated such a startling proposition
that I gave an exclamation of surprise;
but Tommy, at whom he looked when
he spoke, was entirely unperturbed.

  “Let me understand you perfectly,
please,’* he said, offering his guest a
cigarette and motioning him to a chair.
‘ You disclaim all official authority in

this?”' •

  “Yes and no," answered Cambioni
quietlv. “I do not speak as an official,
but because of information which has
172

THE <PO<PUU1<R MAGAZINE

come to me in my official capacity. Let
me put myself right in one thing. I
have been much in America, watching
the anarchistic group whose headquar-
ters is in that country, and as an of-
ficial I have made the acquaintance of
two men in New York who know you
well; -Mr. Longley. the district attorney,
and In-f>ector Clancy of Mulberry
Street,”

  “And they gave us such a bad repu-
tation that you wish to deport us,” sug-
gested Tommy, grinning,

  “On the contrary, they told me
things about you which make me wish
that you might remain here and aid me
in my task, which is no easy one,” re-
plied the Italian courteously. “I regret
extremely lhat 1 feel obliged to make
the other suggestion.’'

  ”1 suppose that you know the reason
that we remain so long in Sicily; it is
not altogether our own choice,” said
Tommy and Cambioni nodded.

  “In a nutshell, you have promised the
local police authorities that you will re-
main to testify at the trial of one Van
Osten, who lies in the Palermo prison
under the charge of brigandage.” he
said. “I believe that your personal an-
imosity against that man would induce
you to remain here without that
pledge; but I can assure yon that you
are wasting your time. You w ill never
testify against him; the Sicilian cus-
toms are peculiar."

  “I take it that you are not entirely
in sympathy with the local authorities,”
said Tommy dryly. “They seem to re-
gard our evidence as of the greatest
importance.” Cambioni was .silent for
several moments and then looked at
Tommy with, at least, an assumption
of perfect frankness.

  “Mr. Williams, there is nothing to
be gained by beating about the bush
with you and I will explain as much
as I can.” he said earnestly. “I landed
in Naples yesterday, direct from New
York. You can imagine what mv du-
ties have been in America; for it is
known that the headquarters of the
Italian anarchists is there. You will
recall that it was there that the assassi-
nation of King Humbert was planned

anil that his murderer came directly
from there.-1, of course, have my spies
among them and it may interest von t<i
know that at a secret meeting held two
weeks ago a certain important action
was voted upon und it was unanimous-
ly voted to delay it until you had been
removed as a precautionary measure."

  “Great Scott, do they think that I'm
closely enough associated with royalty
to make my scalp of value!” exclaimed
Tommy incredulously. “See here, Mr.
Cambioni; are you trying to string
me?” The whole Story seemed so pre-
posterous that I shared Tommy’s in-
credulity and looked upon Cambioni as
a crank; but he w?as undoubtedly in
earnest and he made a gesture of pro-
test.

  ‘ This is not a thing to be treated
lightly. Mr. Williams,'*’ he said serious-
ly. “There are always many wheels
within wheels in thie sort of a con-
spiracy. As a matter of fact, T am still
ignorant of the details of the plot which
they are working out; so much so that
I do not know which particular royal
house is threatened; but I do know as
a positive fact that your death was de-
creed and that measures were taken to
bring it about.”

  “And will you kindly tell me why a
modest and retiring American arti't
should receive attention at their
hands?” inquired Tommy in a tone
which indicated his entire unbelief.

  “I have no doubt that your own esti-
mate of yourself would hardly be in-
dorsed by all who know you; by Mr.
Longley, by my confrere of the French
service. Le Garde, and a few’ others,
for example,” answered Cambioni smi-
ling. “Through your friendship with
those gentlemen, you have been inter-
ested in many things which are outside
of vour profession. Mr. Williams. You
can see that I am fairly familiar with
much that you have done and I know
that you have been mixed ~p more or
less—always on the right side, of
course — with several conspiracies
which might have materially changed
the face of Europe had they succeeded.
Were I in league with the anarchists, j
instead of fighting constantly against
THE MAFIA AN<D THE CONTESSA

173

them, 1 am free to confess that I
should not entirely disregard a man
who had been largely instrumental in
foiling the lifelong scheme of Nicholas
Lobenski, who had aided in laying by
the heels Clco de Wynt. the cleverest
political intriguer in Europe and, last
but not least, the man whom Van Os-
ten,’a criminal who lias successfully de-
fied the entire Continental and English
police, fears more than he does all of
the .organized forces whose duty it is
to safeguard society from his kind.”

   Tommy is in many ways a very re-
 markable man; but he possesses one
 failing which is common in very ordi-
 nary ones and I saw that the detective’s
 tribute tickled his vanity. It did more
 than that, however; for while the
 Italian had related his incredible story
 about the anarchists he had been
 studying him to read some hidden mo-
 tive and something in Cambioni's trib-
 ute had apparently afforded him the
 clue.

   I saw the old familiar Mephistophe-
 lian expression come to his face, the
 bright eyes looked sharply at the de-
 tective from between half-closed lids
 and the little cock of his shapely head
 which I knew so well indicated to me
 that he had found what he had been
 searching for.

   "There is nothing in those past epi-
 sodes which indicates animosity to an-
 archism, Mr. Cambioni,” he said
 thoughtfully. “I have never mixed up
 great socialistic problems with the in-
 dividual cases in which I have been in-
 terested. Of course, I understand your
 allusions to the Sicilian customs and I
 appreciate that it is not healthy to know
 too much when the accused man has in-
 fluential or unscrupulous friends; but I
 was always able to keep my skin whole
 when Van Osten himself was al liberty
 and I think it will be easier when he is
 not personally at the head of affairs.”
 The Italian's expressive hands were
 I working nervously while‘Tommy spoke
 | and when he finished he raised them and
 ' ticked off his facts on his fingers.

   "You first ran across him in Paris a
 .few months ago'in the matter of the
 theft of Mrs. Mallories’ jewels, I be-

 lieve,” he said. “You solved the mys-
 tery surrounding that when the French
 police were on the wrong track. That
 led to the pursuit of Van Osten and
 his capture at the very moment that a
 tremendous fortune was within his
 grasp." Tommy nodded assent and the
 Italian passed to the second finger.

  “Following his escape you became
involved with Le Garde in the pursuit
of the ‘Man with the Paw ,' one of Van
Osten’s most valuable accomplice*, and
incidentally interfered with another
one of his carefully laid plots to acquire
a large fortune. It is more than prob-
able that he would have succeeded but
for you.”

 "And the fortune of war which
seamed to be against him,” amended
Tommy and the detective shrugged his
shoulders and indicated the third fin-
ger, which was ornamented with a seal-
ring of curious design and setting.

  "The fortune of war seems to have
been constantly in your favor," he con-
tinued. “However, the result was the
same and Van Osten lost most de-
cisively and attributes his ill fortune to
you. By a curious combination of cir-
cumstances you were again opposed to
him when there was a possibility that
he might make a great winning; for it
was owing to your efforts that he was
unable to regain the papers which
would have placed King Peter of Ser-
via practically at his mercy.”

  “An honor which was thrust upon
me and which I did not desire.” com-
mented Tommy. "Perhaps that expe-
rience was quite as disastrous to me as
to Van Osten.” There was a little of
bitterness in his tone and Cambioni
glanced at him sharply.

  "The material loss to him was a great
one,” he replied. “That, of course, is
a closed incident and he realizes that
there is no use in crying over spilt
milk. In your fourth contest with him,
however”—and here a crooked little
finger remained alone in the air— you.
yourself, were saved almost by a mira-
cle and while you may have planned the
campaign which ended in his capture,
the actual glorv of it belonged to an-
other, with whom Van Osten will un-
174

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

doubtcdly reckon in due time. Of
course, your continued presence here
and your persistence in following his
trail caused him considerable uneasi-
ness ; but, as I have told you,, it is not
probable that you would ever testify
against him.” Tommy smoked quietly
for a moment, watching the blue cig-
arette smoke curl in the air above his
head and then tossing his cigarette
away lie leaned forward and looked
the Italian squarely in the eyes.

  "Mr. Cambioni, it might be as well
to omit all of this fanciful imagining
about the American anarchists and get
down to the milk in the coconut," he
said dryly. "It is fair to assume that
you visited Van Osten before coming
here.’’ Cambioni nodded, entirely un-
abashed.

  "I have just come from the prison,”
he admitted.

  "Then, I believe it would be simpler
to tell me just the nature of Van Os-
ten’s instructions to you; omitting all
of the anarchistic embroidery with
which you have ornamented them,”
said Tommy grimly and the Italian
smiled and shook his head.

  "My dear sir, I can assure you that
there is no imagination about it," he
protested. “As I told you, there are
always wheels within wheels: but it is
a cold, positive fact that your death
was decreed by the anarchists in
America and I have every reason to be-
lieve that the sentence will be .carried
out unless you choose to disappear.
Leaving’ all of that out of consideration,
you arc living on a powder-magazine;
for the climate of Sicily is not .health-
ful for witnesses for the State.”

  "You are making a bad case for the
administration of justice in Italy," sug-
gested Tommy and Cambioni shrugged
his shoulders indifferently.

  “Sicily can hardly be called Italy, as
we Romans understand it," he said.
"In spite of the confederation, the De-
partment of Justice at the capital has
little control over the administration in
the old kingdom of Naples. Were you
in Northern Italy I could assure you all
possible protection; but in Sicily the
conditions are entirely different.”

  “As instanced by the case of Nasi,”
said Tommy and I saw that his random
shot had gone home; for Cambioni
gave an involuntary start and a sus-
picion of red came to his olive cheeks.

  "You could have no better illustra-
tion of the powerlessness of the cen-
tral authority.” he answered quickly.
"That man, a Sicilian deputy who
filled the cabinet position of Minister
of Education, was impeached and con-
victed on the plainest evidence of the
embezzlement of millions. He was sen-
tenced to a long term of imprisonment;
but owing to his constitutional im-
munity as a deputy to the Italian Par-
liament he could not be arrested to
serve it until his term of office expired.
He gloried openly in his peculations;
but the public opinion of Sicily saw
nothing wrong in what he had done
and he is regularly reelected as the dep-
uty for Trapani at each election, so
that he can laugh in the faces of the
judges who have convicted him. It
has made us the laughing-stock of Eu-
rope. Mr. Williams; but it should
serve as a warning to you. Xo man
would be convicted in Sicily if he mur-
dered you to prevent you from testify-
ing for the State. Your own govern-
ment might make all sorts of demands
and Rome would be as powerless to
satisfy them as was Washington to
punish the citizens of New Orleans
who lynched a dozen of my country-
men."

  “There will be no occasion for gov-
ernment interference; I don't intend to
volunteer as a victim,” answered Tom-
my, grinning. "This thing interests me
as a psy chological study, though. Mr.
Cambioni. If you were a Sicilian I
might perhaps understand it more
easily: but the fact that you are from
the North and a member of the police
as well, makes it difficult for me to
guess why you come to me as an emis-
sary of Van Osten and tell me this
fantastic tale of anarchism.” Tommy’s
manner and tone were so contemptuous
that I expected the Italian to resent the
speech: but he accepted it placidly and
simply shrugged his shoulders.

  “I again assure you that the warning
THE MAFIA AN<D THE CONTESSA

175

   I give you is genuine and entirely war-
   ranted by the facts," be said patiently.
   "To be perfectly frank, I consider the
   ether danger quite as imminent and I
   should hesitate to guarantee your safe-
   ty unless you leave Italy at once and
   go into retirement until things have
   blown over.”

    “In other words, if the anarchists
  don't get me. the Sicilians will,” said
  Tommy sarcastically and Cambioni
  Irughed.

     “You treat it so lightly, Mr. Will-
  iams, that I can hardly believe it my-
  self ; but you have summed up the sit-
  uation pretty accurately.” he answered.

     “ ‘Threatened men live long.’ is an
  old English saying," retorted Tommy.
  “There is another danger which threat-
  ens me that T consider far more-serious
  than either of those you warn me of,
  ; Mr. Cambioni.”

    “Indeed! Then you must be in a
  bad way?” said the detective interrog-
  atively.

    “Yes. death from unsatisfied curi-
F ositv would be about the most disagree-
able form that I could imagine, so I
I shall try to avoid it.” replied Tommy.
I “It is quite within your power to place
; it beyond the possibilities.”

     “You are trifling with me, Mr. Will-
   iams.” answered Cambioni impatient-

l.	ly. “I have told you that I did not
  | come here in my official capacity, but
  j because of information which had come
  to me in that capacity. It is impossi-
  bh for me to confide all of my secrets
  in you; but my warning is none the
  less sincere.”

     “To be perfectly frank with you. it is
. too much like an anonymous letter for
me to value it. though,” said Tommy
i indifferently.

     “You do not intend to profit, by my
| advice and warning?” asked Cambioni.

    “I do not intend to run away, if
;■ that’s what you mean.” answered Tom-
| my positively. “The delays of the legal
I machinery may keep me cooling my
| heels about here for a long time; but I
I shall have an interesting problem with
I which to occupy my leisure moments.”
“My reason for conveying this warn-
I [ to you ?” <

  “In part; but more especially the in-
fluence which could induce a trusted
official of the government to act as the
messenger of the greatest rascal un-
hanged,” answered Tommy and Cam-
bioni's expressive hands made a gesture
which practically acknowledged defeat.

  “Mr. Williams, your powers of induc-
tion were underestimated rather than
overestimated by our mutual friends!”
he said admiringly. “I want you to be-
lieve, however, that I have told you the
exact truth.”

  “But not all of it!” retorted Tommy
curtly.

  “As you say, not all of it,” acknowl-
edged the detective. “My warning was
sincere and you would do well to heed
it; but if you will not I cannot force
you to follow my advice.”

  “And I da not suppose that you will
tell me the reason for the bond of sym-
pathy between yourself and Van Os-
ten?” suggested Tommy. Cambioni
took -considerable time for reflection be-
fore answering.

  “Mr. Williams, the form of your ex-
pression is not a happy one; but I am
willing to believe that you are not in-
tentionally insulting,” he said finally.
“My first duty in this world is to pro-
tect the members of the royal house
of Savoy. That protection has not
been adequate in the past and King
Humbert’s death was the result of my
predecessor’s stupidity. I will tell you
frankly that I would make any alliance
which would protect the people who
rely upon my sagacity and the punish-
ment of the ordinary criminal is of less
importance in my eyes than the gaining
of information which will aid me. If
I could obtain from you a pledge of
absolute neutrality as regards Van Os-
ten. it would enable me to get infor-
mation which would place a dozen of
the most dangerous men in Europe be-
hind the bars; but I knew too much
about vou to venture to make such a
proposition." In spite of his disclaim-
er T saw that he was watching Tommy
furtively to see the effect of his tacit
proposal and he was not left long in
doubt.

  “I should not make such a com-
176

THE <PO<PUL4<R MAGAZINE

promise to save all the crowned heads
of Europe!" he exclaimed and Cam-
bioni nodded.

  “I have had my say. Mr. Williams,'’
he said calmly. “The warnings are
absolutely sincere and justified by the
facts. 1 f you do not profit by them
it is your own fault and your refusal
makes my task more difficult."

  “Van Osten made an alternate com-
promise proposition, then?" demanded
Tommy suspiciously and Cambioni
smiled.

  “Vou are a good guesser, Mr. Will-
iams, and I shall be able to take ad-
vantage of it—after the inevitable has
happened." he said with a significant
gesture: "Caution on your part may
postpone it; but it cannot make you
safe. I have one more proposition to
make to you and perhaps another of
the great emotions may influence you
where fear has • failed."

  "lie careful. Cambioni!" said Tommy,
flushing, and there was a dangerous
glint in his eyes. “I know that my
correspondence has been tampered
with; but it would not be well for the
individual who has opened the letters
to make open confession.”

  “And I would remind you that I
have been in Italy for less than forty-
eight hours, so I cannot be culpable,”
said Cambioni. “I have profited by
the information of others, however, and
all sorts of strange happenings are re-
ported to the office of the secret police.
Would it induce you to change your
mind about remaining in Sicily if I
could supply you with the address of
two ladies who have disappeared in the
maelstrom of Balkan conspiracy and
whose whereabouts you would be glad
to know ?”

  “You are familiar with contents of
the Lady Diana’s last letter to me?”
demanded Tommy fiercely.

  “With all of them," corrected Cam-
bioni. as unperturbed by his anger as
he had been by his raillery. “We know
that the ladv followed what she con-
sidered to be her duty at the expense
of her inclination. This was not per-
sonal. Mr. Williams; it is the duty of
the political police to know the doin gs

of all those who are interested in dis-
turbing the existing order of things in
any part of Europe. The information
which we have gained goes no further;
but naturally we could not let the two
ladies pass beyond our ken. I know
that the Lady Diana refused to let you
follow her in the dangerous waters she
has elected to navigate and that she
took the only sure way to prevent it
by disappearing quietly from Malta
with the Princess Sonia. I can supply
you with their address and I assure
you that they are both in dire need of
all the assistance they can get; hut I
must have the price of my informa-
tion.”

  “Damn you, I believe you’d betray
your brother to further your ambi-
tion!" exclaimed Tommy angrily and
the Italian seemed to regard the taunt
as a compliment.

  “I am faithful to my salt and I serve
the house of Savoy," he said proudly.
“In that service I know few scruples
and I consider it absolutely essential
that you leave Sicily. I should be en-
tirely willing to put you in possession
of all the information I have regarding
the ladies—and I assure you that it is
minute and accurate—if it would ac-
complish that result."

  “And I should refuse to listen to it,
if you volunteered it without price!”
answered Tommy who had regained a
certain measure of self-control. “I
recognize the hand of Van Osten in
that proposition, too, and I wish you
joy of your alliance. Now. Mr. Cam-
bioni. that you have demonstrated to
me the peculiar working of the mind of
an Italian secret agent. I can tell you
that I have had enough of your society
to satisfy* me for many a day. You
can return to your friend in the prison
and tell him with my compliments that
my only regret is that he will not be
hanged higher than Hainan and that I
shall do my best to send him up for
life." The detective accepted his dis-
missal without protest, simply suggest-
ing that we knew where to find him if
we hec-ded him, and after he had gone
Tommy turned to me with a rueful
smile on his lips.
THE MAFIA ANT) THE CONTESSA

177

  “ ‘Fools rush in where angels fear to
tread.’ ” he said bitterly. “I haven’t
given you my entire confidence, old
chap; close as we are to each other;
and you have been considerate enough
to refrain from questioning me. The
brute was truthful in his statement
about the Lady Diana, however, and I
o\\ n up that t am not entirely happy
about her." It was part of the unwrit-
ten law of our long and close intimacy
that certain things should remain un-
discussed between us and the last part
of the conversation with Cambioni had
been a revelation to me. Even now I
wished to avoid a painful topic and I
was glad of the opportunity to change
the subject which Tommy himself had
introduced.

  "But what of the rest of it?” I
asked. “I believe that the man was
equally truthful in his warning, Tom-
my.” He shrugged his shoulders and
lighted a fresh cigarette before answer-
ing.

  “In part, yes,” he answered indiffer-
ently. “For an anarchistic group read
‘Mafia’ and for America. ‘Palermo’ and
we should be reasonably near the truth;
about as close as you can ever get with
an Itali?. . unless you possess a vivid
imagination.”

  "But I can’t see that it makes much
difference in the general result,” I an-
swered nervously; for I had been rev-
eling in a peaceful life for several
weeks and had no desire for further
adventure. “A Sicilian knife will kill
a man as dead as an anarchist’s bomb
and T have no ambition to be sacrificed
on the chance of furthering the ends
of justice.”

  “It wouldn’t be so messy a death
and there would be something to erect
a monument with a glowing epitaph
over," said Tommy, grinning. “We’ll
try to dodge ’em both, old chap; but
I’m not going to let up on Van Os-
ten.”

  "Then let’s cut away until his trial
is announced.” T suggested and he
laughed at my proposal.

  "My dear boy, you have paid me the
compliment, to accept my conclusions
without asking for the grounds on

     12

which I formed them—which is lucky
for your continued confidence in me;
for it is largely guesswork. If that
dago hadn’t made me so hot under
the collar by butting into my private
affairs I should have turned him inside
out before he left; but I was afraid I’d
assault him if he stayed in the studio
a minute longer. Now I’ve got to take
a little time to think out what I might
have pumped from him if 1 hadn't lost
my temper; but it’s only a matter of
adding two and two together.”

  “And while you are making your
patchwork the chances are that your
conspirators will manage to perforate
us,” I objected and Tommy looked at
me curiously.

  “If I didn’t know you so well, I
should think that Van Osten’s handling
of you had destroyed your nerve,” he
said, grinning, and I held out my hands
which still bore the marks of the pris-
oner’s brutality to me.

  “I don’t know that I could be blamed
for a little nervousness,” I said and
Tommy smiled reassuringly.

  “It’s just because I don’t believe in
getting in a blue funk that 1 won’t con-
sider running away,” he said. "I be-
lieve that I am right in calling this a
Mafia affair and I have no doubt that
they will do their best to make it un-
pleasant for us here; but forewarned is
forearmed. On the other hand, you
may rest assured that wherever two or
three Sicilian fruit-venders and organ-
grinders are gathered together there is
an organized lodge of that society in
full working-order and there is no city
on earth which would be attractive
where we should be safe. The world
is not large enough when you start to
run away and the fact that Van Osten
tries to scare us off betrays his fear
of us. We’ll fight it out oi> this line
if it takes all summer and I'll do my
best to see that he gets all that's com-
ing' to him.”

  "Rut. Tommy, you do realize that
the situation is dangerous, do you not?"
I asked.

  “So dangerous that I shall not onnt
the slightest precaution,” he answered
seriously. “I’m not running my head
178

THE <POVULA<R MAGAZINE

against stone walls; but l‘ra not going

lo	be frightened by shadows until I
know what casts them. If we run
away from Sicily, we’ll have a cold
chill every time we hear a hand-organ
grind out 'Santa Lucia’ or ‘Funiculi,
Funicula,’ and the sight of a banana
would give us nervous prostration.
We’ll make a clean-up here before we
go and your Uncle Thomas will either
join the Mafia himself or give it a jolt
which will make its members keep at a
respectful distance."

  1 realized that Tommy’s boasting
was designed to restore my own droop-
ing confidence; a kindly effort which
was not altogether successful; and my
apprehension was not relieved when he
took the precaution to hand me a
loaded pistol and slip its fellow into
his own pocket before answering a
light knocking on the door of the
studio.

II.

  In spite of my nervousness I smiled
at our melodramatic precautions when
Tommy opened the door; for our vis-
itor proved to be a girl of eighteen or
nineteen years of age and her manner
evidenced that she was apprehensive of
her own reception. Tommy admitted
her and then glanced expectantly at
the hallway for a companion; but she
motioned to him to close the door be-
fore she spoke.

  “I am alone, which of course violates
all of the proprieties: but it is the only
way I could think of to get an op-
portunity to speak with you," she said
nervously. "My errand must be mv
excuse and as you gentlemen are both
Americans I trust that you will not
judge me by the standards of my own
country." She spoke rapidly with the
volubility of extreme nervousness and
Tommy looked at her curiously; the
suggestion of suspicion in his eyes in-
dicating that Cambioni s warning had
produced due effect imd that he was
prepared to find danger in everything.

  "Before you go farther, may I ask
if any one knows of your visit here?"’
he asked quickly.

  "No one; 1 slipped away from my
people in the crowd coming from the
cathedral and made my way here
alone," she answered and Tommy
walked over and locked the door.

  "You will excuse the precaution; but
there are times when it is better to be
secure from interruption," he said as
he slipped the key in his pocket. "If
you were found here, it might lead to
embarrassment for everybody con-
cerned." he continued significantly,
"May I ask your name and why you
have honored us with this visit ?" There
was nothing cordial in his manner and
his unusual reception of our visitor
proved that he had taken Cambioni’s j
communication more seriously than he :
had acknowledged.

  "Have I, done very wrong in com-
ing?" she asked, flushing. "I should |
never have ventured, no matter what ,
the urgency, if you had net been
Americans/'

  “But the fact remains that we are
temporarily residing in Italy and to a
certain extent we must respect the cus-
toms and prejudices of the country,”
replied Tommy dryly. "I can assure
you lhat you are as safe as if you had
been accompanied by a dozen duennas;
but that would hardly excuse you in
the eyes of your own people and I )
doubt if it would save us from very 1
unpleasant consequences if you were j
discovered here by your relatives who 1
might have followed you.” The flush j
died from her race and she started to- r
ward the door.

  "It you will be kind enough to let f
me out, I shall not expose you to fur-
ther danger by my presence.” she said
contemptuously. "I thought that

  ‘‘One moment, please!’’ interrupted
Tommy. "There are reasons for my
precaution and suspicion. You have
yourself acknowledged that your visit
here violated all of the conventions of
your people. I know Italians well
enough to appreciate what such a pro-
ceeding might lead to and at the mo-
ment we have every reason to walk
softly and avoid all things which might
be an excuse for trouble. If you will
THE MAFIA AN<D THE CON TESSA

179

  he good enough to tell me who you are
  and the reason for your visit it might
  allay the suspicions which its uncon-
  ventionally has aroused.” The girl
  hesitated for a moment and as she
  looked from one to the other of us her
  large black eyes became suspiciously
  moist and her lips quivered.

    “I am Elisa Drago. the daughter of
  the Baron Giuseppe Drago of Trapa-
  ni,” she said in a trembling voice. "I
  came here to say what I feared to com-
  municate to you in any other way and
  to crave your assistance.” The name
  meant nothing to me; but stored away
  in Tommy's brain were all sorts of
  queer odds and ends of information
  and the effect upon him was magical.
  His entire manner changed, suspicion
  gave way to interest and he was all
  cordiality as he invited her to be seated.

“I can only assure you that my ap-
parent rudeness was entirely justified
by circumstances,” he said apologet-
ically. "I am entirely at your dispo-
) sition, signorina, and I trust that you
I will forgive me.”

    "‘Mr. Williams, is your nervousness
L caused by fear of the Mafia?” she
asked, tacitly accepting his excuses by
her change in manner.

    “You came here to convey informa-
I tion; not to ask for it, I believe,” he
| answered evasively and she nodded.

    “I asked the question only to save
| time," she said. “It is because of that
r society that I am here.”

   “But surely the daughter of the
I Baron Drago is not in sympathy with
| the aims of that society!” he exclaimed
| and the gesture of protest gave elo-
| quent denial.

    "Mr. Wiliams, you know that he has
I spent his life in fighting all that it rep-
i resents!” she protested. “I believe
t that you are familiar with the effects
I of the Mafia on the life of Southern
I Italy and know that it is the curse of
I Sicily. Its influence has spread out-
L side and is carried wherever its mem-
| hers emigrate; but it has never before
I interfered with foreigners residing in
f Italy/' -

    “Before?” said Tommy interrogative-
I ly and she nodded assent.

  “Perhaps I should have said ‘as yet’;
but its action follows so quickly on res-
olution that it would be a distinction
without a practical difference,” she an-
swered. “I know that some one has
been before me in conveying a warning
to you; but mine is none the less wor-
thy Of attention.”

  “I am listening!” said Tommy curtlv
when she paused, but the girl remained
silent for a long time as if trying to
find words.

  “It isn’t easy, Mr. Williams,” she
finally said. “No girl ever found her-
self in a more difficult position. You
know the traditions of my family and
yet I find myself here as the messenger
of the Mafia; unofficially, of course;
but nevertheless carrying its message.”
“Which is?”

  “That you leave Italy at once and
never return to it,” she said reluctantly.

  “And you would advise me to obey
that command?” he asked skeptically.

  “As my father’s daughter I should
say defy them, as he has always done;
as a girl whose whole future happiness
is involved in your fate I beg you to
obey,” she said quietly and this time
the moisture in her eyes formed tear->
which rolled unheeded down her cheeks
as she looked at him imploringly.
Tommy looked at her curiously for a
moment before answering.

  “You have told me too much, or too
little,” he said kindly. "Can you ex-
plain the reason for your conflicting
counsels ?”

  “One part you should know without
asking,” she answered after a furtive
dab at her eyes with her handkerchief.
“You know the part that the Mafia
plays in the politics of Sicily. At the
last three elections my father has rep-
resented all that is best in the com-
munity and opposed the election of Sig-
nor Nasi in Trapani. You know that
he has been unsuccessful; Nasi has al-
ways been reelected and it is the in-
fluence of the Mafia which has made
that possible. My father’s supporters
are intimidated and do not dare to vote
and the few who have risked it have
had bitter cause to regret their temer-
ity. We have all been persecuted
180

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

more or less: bul so far we have not
suffered personal violence.”

  “Yes, that part of it is familiar to
me; it is the other—the reason for
your advice to run away—that I am
curious about,” said Tommy and the
girl's eyes did not meet his when she
answered.

  “Can’t you accept the* advice arid act
upon it without demanding the rea-
son ?” she faltered.

  “Accept it. yes; but 1 could not
promise to act upon it, even if I knew
why you gave it,” he answered and she
rose from her chair and motioned to
him to open the door,

  “It is given in all sincerity, Mr. Will-
iams,” she said hopelessly. "I have
done my best and I have told you that
my happiness is bound up with your
safety. I can’t tell you more and I
shall ask you to let me go.”

  ‘‘But I don’t feel that 1 can do that
until you have told me more," protest-
ed Tommy earnestly. "You have never,
so far as I know, set eyes on me be-
fore; so I appreciate that your anxiety
is not for my personal safety. I can
imagine but one reason for it and per-
haps if you will be frank I can assist

you to-”

  “No, no, no!” she interrupted ve-
hemently. “You must not ask it—you
must not attempt to discover from any
one else, or you will bring misery and
disgrace on me.”

  “Signorina, if you have told me the
truth—and from what I have previous-
ly learned I believe that you have—
you will understand that I am prac-
tically fighting for my life,” replied
Tommy soothingly. “I give you my
word of honor that anything you may
tell us shall go no farther; but [ can’t
pledge myself to refrain froir. getting
information which may serve me. I
tell you frankly and honestly that I
have no animosity for the Mafia and
the reasons for its threats are an en-
tire mystery to me; but I do not intend
to run away, nor shall 1 submit to its
decrees without a fight. It would be
wiser for you to trust us absolutely,
now that you have said so much; for
I shall try to get at the bottom of this

thing a- a matter of self-protection.
I should much prefer to feel that I was
not running the risk of injuring you in
the steps I shall be forced to take and
if you are not entirely frank with me
I might do that in ignorance,” The
girl iiesitated and a pitiful expression
of fear came to the soft, dark eyes.

  “I wish that I dared to speak,” she
said wistfully. “I have risked much in
coming here. Mr. Williams, and diat
should convince you of my sincerity.
That was nn own risk, however; but
if I said more it would imperil others.
Oh, I can’t! I dare not!” She shrank
back from him and covered her eyes
with her hands and Tommy glanced at
me helplessly.

  “Confound it, can’t you suggest
something!’’ he said in English. “I
can’t do anything with a weeping fe-
male and the fir^t tiling I know she’ll
have me making all sort^ of rash prom-
ises.”

  “I wish that you would promise to
do what she asks you,” I answered
quickly. “I’m for the simple life in
some place as far away from Italy as
steam will carry us.” The girl’s sob-
bing ceased with suspicious suddenness
and she smiled through her tears when
she dropped her hands from her face
and turned to me.

  “I should weep oceans of tears if it
would influence him to meet your
wishes!” she exclaimed eagerly in
English as perfect as our own. “Do
make him listen to me and go away.”

  “I’m quite ready to listen; but I’m
not going away!" replied Tommy, flush-
ing. before I could answer. "Signorina,
this is serious and no time for play-
acting. If you can be perfectly frank
with me I am willing to do mv part
and I shall respect your confidence. If
not, I shall have to go about getting
information in my own way and 1 can
give you no promise as to what use I
shall make of it after I have obtained
it."

  “I am sorry, Mr. Williams.” she an-
swered humbly'. “I was not acting: I
was absolutely sincere. I should be
willing to make any personal sacrifice
to induce vou to leave Sicily at once:
THE MAFIA ANO THE CONTESSA

181

 but I cannot betray the secrets of
 others.”

   “Then I shall try to find ant so
 much of them as may affect my per-
 sonal safety.” answered Tommy, un-
 locking the door; for there was no mis-
 taking the finality of her refusal. “If
 it leads to injury to yourself in any
 way, I trust that you will remember
 that I have tried to avoid that chance.”

   “I can only hope that you will re-
 consider your determination to remain
 here,” she said wistfully, pausing in
 the-open doorway to face us. “If not,
 I have no fear that information which
 you may obtain will harm me or those
 I care for: hut your death, which is in-
 evitable, will cause me the greatest sor-
 row I have ever known.” She stepped
 back and drew the door close after
 her before either of us could say a
 word in reply and Tommy turned to
 me with an expression of disappoint-
 ment on his face.

   “I'm not sure that a dago, male or
 female, isn’t mofe of an adept at con-
 cealing what is passing through the
 mind than the blandest Chinaman that
 ever laundried a shirt!’’ he exclaimed
 irritably, and throwing himself in an
 easy chair he lighted a cigarette and
 snapped his case close with a vicious
 click.

HI.

   The absorption of nicotin speedily
 soothed Tommy’s irritability without
 deadening his mental processes and the
 , closing of his case after he removed
 the second cigarette from it was so
 gentle that it was barely audible.

    "Warnings are as thick as leaves in
 Yallambrosa.” he remarked when he
 had discarded the end of the first after
 lighting the second from it. “I won-
 der what • sort of a messenger will
 bring the next one.”

    “J trust that it won’t be made of lead
  or steel.” I replied gloomily. “If these
  beggars are in earnest there will prob-
  ably be no further warning and the
  kind of action they usually take leaves
  little room for argument. I move that
  we make it twenty-three. Tommy.” He
  blew a succession of smoke rings into

the air before answering and the set
of his face told me that my advice
would not be considered.

  “My dear boy, 1 haven’t the slightest
doubt about their being in earnest in
wanting to get rid of us; but I am
skeptical about their courage in doing it
in the only really effectual way/’ he
said. “As a matter of fact, which has
been demonstrated time and time again
in my own experience, the man who is
to be feared is the one who gets after
you with a gun without saying a word;
not the one who sends people to tell
you what he intends to do to you when
he catches you out alone. If they had
dared to do us up it would have been
simple enough to have accomplished it
without giving warning, in any one of
a dozen different ways which would
have cast no suspicion on the'Mafia.
That’s what made me suspicious when
this Drago girl came here alone so
closely on the heels of Cambioni’s an-
nouncement. It was perfectly evident
at first glance that she was not of the
class which goes alone in Italy and I
suspected a plot. Until she told me
who she was I should not have been
surprised to have a bunch of outraged
relatives appear to carve us up with
long Sicilian daggers. It would have
needed no explanation; that sort of
thing is considered quite proper in
Italy; and we would have been quietly
buried without any one even hinting at
a Mafia murder.”

  “How in the deuce did you happen
to know anything about her father—
have you been studying Italian poli-
tics?” I asked and he laughed and
pointed to a Palermo paper on the ta-
ble.

  “Not Italian politics, but the Italian
language,’ he said. “I read that re-
ligiously to keep from getting rusty
and incidentally absorb the news it con-
tains. As a matter of fact, this Nasi
business which is looked upon so light-
ly here is a matter of humiliation for
all of Northern Italy. In Rome they
realize that it makes Italy the laughing-
stock of Europe and yet there is no way
of getting at him so long as he can
control his own constituency. Sicily
182

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

is always unsettled and any arbitrary
action might lead to serious trouble;
but I believe that the central govern-
ment is this time trying to beat him at
The polls. They have transferred such
a large force of carabinieri to his dis-
trict that the supporters of Baron
Drago will be assured protection
against the Mafia and if lie can defeat
Nasi he will be sent to serve out his
sentence. 1 imagine that they have got
the members of that brotherhood guess-
ing so hard that they would hesitate to
attract attention to themselves by really
getting: after us.”

  “But what have they got against us,
anyway?" I asked and Tommy
shrugged his shoulders.

  '* 'Che lo so?' as they reply here
w hen you ask an impossible question,"
he said. “That society has been more
successful in concealing its real objects
and its membership than any of the
other associations which have come
down from antiquity. I believe that
originally it was purely political; but
now its active membership is made up
largely of the dregs of Sicily—which
are just a little bit more loathsome
than any other human refuse that I
know of—and the politicians use it for
their own ends; protecting its members
from deserved punishment and winking
at the blackmail which they extort from
the decent members of the community.
When it is a purely local affair they
don't hesitate to assassinate any one
who refuses to submit; but I reckon
they steer clear of the foreigners in
Italy. Tourists supply a good part of
the revenue and it’s less risky to black-
mail the money"out of the botel-keepers
and those who get it more or less legit-
imately than to try for it direct.”

  “But that still offers no reason for
threatening us,” I protested and
Tommy held up his fingers in mimicry
of Cambioni.

  "It isn't necessary to go into details,”
he said. “We have been good little
boys lately and have attended strictly
to our own business; but in the past
we have been foolish enough to mix
up with the police and other undesira-
ble people. Who knows how’ severely

we may have tread on the toes of some
of the high cockalorums of that gang
of thieves? It's either a matter of re-
venge for that, or a measure of pre-
caution because they are up to some
particular piece of deviltry which we
might interfere with. I am as much
in the dark about it as you can possibly
be: but 1 11 bet if wre ever find out we
shall discover that our friend Van Os-
ten is somewhere near the storm-cen-
ter.”

  “Tommy, are we never to be finished
with that man !” I exclaimed in dismay.
“I thought he wras safe enough behind
the bars and that we had nothing to
fear from him.”

  ‘ It’s because I want to feel confi-
dent of that that I refuse to be scared
away by a bunch of blackmailers; at
least, that’s one reason,” he answered,
grinning. “By Tove, I believe vou hit
it!”

  “Hit what?” I asked but he was so
eagerly following out the idea which
had occurred to him that he paid no
attention to the question. I knew of
old that it wrould be useless to insist j
until lie was ready to speak and tried j
to possess my soul in patience: hut I
could make neither head nor tail out
of the jumble of complications.

  “Perhaps Cambioni is not such a |
blamed rascal as I took him for, after :
all,” he said apparently irrelevantly |
after a long pause. "lie made me an- ,
gry by interfering in my private af- ;
fairs; but we’ll assume that he is hon-
est, at least in his special work."

  “And, if we do. it is the anarchists
as well as the Mafia who are after us," i
I said ruefully and Tommy answered
with a gesture of impatience.

  "On the contrary, it makes that
fairy-tale seem all the more improb- J
able!" he exclaimed. “I do believe y
that he is faithful to the particular trust ;
which is given to him and it’s no light ’
job to keep those devils from murder-
ing the entire royal family. He was I
perfectly frank about his code of mor-
als in that; he places his work higher
than the ordinary administration of jus-
tice and he wouldn’t hesitate to make a
bargain which would turn Van Osten
THE MAFIA AN<D THE CON TESSA

183

  loose if he thought it would lead to the
  safety of his charges. It is more than
  probable that Van Osten could supply
  him with valuable information; for he
  has been hand in glove with all of the
  underworld and I dare say has been an
  anarchist in his time if it suited his
  purpose.”

    “But why mix us up in it? If it is
  within his power to release a prisoner
  I don’t see why he should come fussing
  around foreigners.’’ Tommy looked
  at me in mock pitv.

    “My dear fellow, you should take
  something for that lack of perception
  of yours,” he said. “Don’t you see
  that the whole prosecution would drop
  if we were scared off? Captain Stuart
  expressly stipulated that he should not
  be dragged into legal proceedings and
  the other witnesses are Italians. If they
  could get rid of us the rest would be
  easy: for a word to them would be
  sufficient. Van Osten proposes that
  bargain and Cambioni jumps at it. If
  you will recall his conversation you
  will see that he virtually admitted it.
  Cambioni tries to scare us with his
  anarchist story; but fearing that won’t
  work he has another string to his bow
  and passes the word to the Mafia to
  get busy.”

   “And Baron Drago’s daughter?” I
  suggested; for he apparently left her
  warning entirely out of the theory.

    “That’s a case of cause and effect,”
  answered Tommy confidently. “A
  Montague and Capulet sort of an af-
  fair, unless I miss my guess. I can’t
  imagine anything else which would in-
  duce her to run the risk of coming
  here.”

    “As how?” I asked in bewilderment,
  unable to follow his rapid deductions.

“Remember some of our earlier ex-
periences and how unsuccessful we
were in guessing where women were
' concerned.” he said, laughing. “I don’t
1 suppose that we are much wiser now;
but the affairs of men enter into this.
That young woman in coming here did
a thing which would condemn her for-
i ever in the eyes of her class. I can
imagine but one thing which would in-
duce her to run such a risk.”

  “A lover ?” I said and he nodded and
smiled.

  “You are improving!" he said mock-
ingly.	guessed right the first
time. Sift it down and you’ll find a
nice little Mafia boy at the bottom of
all her anxiety about yours truly. It’s
probable that he has scared her with
some cock-and-bull story about hav-
ing drawn the black bean which makes
him the one to run us down, or some-
thing of that kind. I honestly believe
that so far as any real danger to us
goes it is all an opera-bouffe affair;
but there is always the one little chance
that some one of these assassins may
be carried away by his artistic tempera-
ment and think that lie’s playing the
game for keeps; so we’ll be on the safe
side.”

  “And leave Sicily?’’ I asked hopeful-
ly and Tommy tapped the pistol in his
pocket and laughed.

  “We shall not play the game quite
so seriously as that, old chap; but it is
time that we went to dinner and we’ll
carry these with us,” he said, and com-
forting myself with his cheerful esti-
mate of the lack of danger I prepared
to accompany him. We were to dine
at the Cafe Progresso in the middle
of the town and there was no apparent
reason for apprehension; but I found
myself examining the revolver which
Tommy had handed me most carefully
and his eyes twinkled when I disposed
it in a pocket where it would be con-
venient to my hand.

  When we had turned into the cafe
from the street the wild strains of a
Hungarian czardas came to our ears as
wre entered. The head waiter had re-
served a table for us in our favorite
corner and as Tommy went through the
menu and ordered our dinner 1 watched
the musicians: a nondescript band of
gipsies in red jackets with yellow-braid
trimmings, the wearers just a little more
unkempt and untidy, the uniforms just
a shade shabbier than those worn by
their kind in the restaurants of Paris.
The leader, a small, wiry man, swarthy
of skin with small, piercing black eyes
and a shock of long black hair, seemed
possessed of unusual nervous energy,
184

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

even for the conductor of a Hungarian
Orchestra, and it seemed to me that he
devoted an undue share of attention to
the observation of Tommy, who was
absorbed in the congenial task of or-
dering the dinner. Me turned to him
constantly, leaving his wild compan-
ion*- to follow the strains of his violin
rather than the movements of his nerv-
ous head in the keeping of time, and
his eyes were like points of Maine as he
watched him from tinder his low brow
and projecting masses of black lashes.

  “It’s only the manner of his kind and
profession,'' replied Tommy, smiling
when I told him that the man was
watching him. “We are evidently for-
eigners and experience has taught him
that it is not to the natives lie must
look for his profits when he passes the
plate. He'll be around here to squeak
his fiddle in our ears directly as a spe-
cial compliment—and to get a special
donation.” I was familiar with the
habits of the gipsy musicians; for I
had seen them ply their trade in a
dozen cities; but the interest which this
man took in Tommy seemed different.
I knew that he would circle around
among the tables, pausing to play a
few bars at each until he discovered
one where the guests were particularly
sympathetic; but never had T seen one
of them single out a new-comer so
markedly and watch him from the mo-
ment of entrance.

  “We had agreed to drop all of our
suspicions and worries during dinner,”
remonstrated Tommy good-naturedly
w hen I reiterated the result of my ob-
servations. "You are getting as fidgety
as an old woman. Forget it and pitch
into this anti post a; we haven't found
salami like this in many a day.” Tom-
my's anxieties never interfered with
his appetite nor his appreciation of
good food and he refused even to turn
around to look at the man until the
first course had been disposed of. I
watched him, however, anti never for
a minute at a time did he remove his
sharp gaze from my companion; while
he absolutely ignored groups of Ameri-
cans and English at the other tables.

  ‘‘I never saw the beggar before that

I know of,” said Tommy, shrugging
his shoulders indifferently after he had
taken a glance at him. “They are all
vagabonds and wander over the face
of the earth, so it's possible that he
may have seen me; but I can't discover
that he’s radically different from the
others of his kind, unless it is that lie’s
a trifle springier and more unkempt.”
The man had seemed to be stimulated
to unusual effort in the way of nervous
contortion by Tommy's attention and
the music—they were playing a Mag-
yar version of "The Mikado” at the
moment—changed to a frankly barbaric
air. There was something familiar
about it to me, although I could not
have given it a name; but Tommy
whirled about in his chair and looked
again at the leader.

  “What is that tune, Tommy?" I
asked when he turned back to the
table: but he did not answer and from
the puzzled look on his face I thought
he, too, was at a loss for the name. It
ended in a wild burst of melody in
which the xylophone-player seemed to
be trying to beat the strings out of
the box with his hammers and every
violin and viola-plaver scraped his
hardest to a grand climax. Then,
while the members of the orchestra
rested from their labors, the leader’s
violin started a solo; inaudible at first
in, the clatter of the restaurant; but
quickly compelling silence by its beauty.
Then I knew w hat the other had been:
the Servian national anthem which the
Princess Sonia had played for us one
evening in Malta: for the other was a
wild love-song of the Balkans which
the I.adv Diana’s rich contralto had
chanted in the governor’s drawing-
room at La Valetta. Tommy’s face
was a study while the Hungarian
played and when the song, which ran
the full gamut of desire, longing, dis-
appointment, passion and satiety, was
finished he drew his card-case from his
pocket and took out a bank-note.

  “Have you had enough of it?” I
asked, thinking that he intended to pay
our dinner-check *, but he shook his
head and turning in his chair beckoned
to the leader to come to him.
THE MAFIA AN<D THE CONTESSA

185

  "You play well, my friend," he said
in Italian when the Hungarian stopped
in front of the table, violin and bow
under his arm. Tommy was looking
searchingly into the small black eyes
while he rolled the bank-note between
his fingers. "Have I heard your music
some place before ?”

  ■'Che lo sa, signori?” answered the
gipsy. “Many places have I been; in
the Waldorf of New York, in Winter
Garten von Berlin liabe ich gespielt,
chez Maxim a Paris-”

  •‘But where last?” demanded Tommy,
interrupting the polyglot speech which
employed scraps of four different lan-
guages in a short sentence and holding
the bank-note so that its denomination
—which was large—was plainly visible.
The gipsy looked covetously at it and
then furtively about the room.

  “You like the music of the moun-
tains?” he said in barbarous Italian.
"It is -»ot the music of Italy, soft, sen-
suous and only fh for their hand-organs
to play, which pleases the signor. He
likes the music which tells of a land
where men fight for those they love;
where red blood runs in the veins of
the men and fair women have eyes and
thoughts only for the brave. Is it not
so?”

 “Where is that land, Magyar?”
asked Tommy and the gipsy smiled and
shook his head.

  “I shall make my violin tell you,”
he said taking it from under his arm
and before Tommy could interrupt him
with further questioning he had drawn
his bow across it and brought from its
strings such a note as I had never
heard. It was the wail of a soul in
torment, the cry of a mother bereft of
her child, the very essence of all the
pain and misery which have ever been
in the world: but it was as nothing to
what followed. With head thrown
back and eyes closed lie played like a
man in a trance; oblivious to every-
thing about him, to the lights and con-
fusion of the restaurant over which a
strange hush fell as the air went on,
to the hundreds of pairs of curious eyes
fixed on him. The orchestra played a
soft minor accompaniment; but no one

noticed it; for every one looked at and
listened to the leader. It must have
been improvisation; for never before
nor since did any one in that room hear
its like: but it was the improvisation of
a man inspired. To me that violin
spoke as plainly as ever did man by
word of mouth and as 1 looked at
Tommy’s face, which became pale and
drawn as he listened, I knew that he,
too, heard the same story.

  It was the call of a woman in agony
for succor or mercy: now babbling out
pleas for aid and sympathy, then pro-
testing against her pain, again passion-
ately demanding the justice which was
denied her. Visions of stern rugged
mountains rose before my eyes, I saw
the rude hamlets attacked by hordes
of savage horsemen, the brutality of
the sacking of the towns, the massacre
of the helpless, the nameless atrocities
of barbarian warfare. Through it all,
as one theme weaves in ami out
through the music of an entire opera,
ran a strain which told of the agony
and suffering of some one person and
all the rest seemed but a setting; but
it was an appeal, a cry of one in dire
need.

  I don’t know how long the Hunga-
rian played; it was one of those things
which could not be measured by min-
utes or hours: but I was conscious lhat
I wished to close my ears and at the
same time feared to have him cease be-
fore the story was finished. I. too, was
unconscious of my surroundings, save
that I saw the white face of the player
and it was in his eyes concealed by
the closed lids that I seemed to see
the pictures which ^is music conjured
up; as the crystal-gazer under the sug-
gestion of the charlatan sees strange
visions in the depths of a sphere of
glass. Then, at the moment when it
seemed as if the denouement of the
story must come in the next few notes,
the music stopped abruptly, the violin-
ist lowered his bow and a murmur,
half of protest, half of relief, came from
the other guests. The Hungarian stoud
before us smiling and smirking; the
typical begging itinerant fiddler: all
inspiration gone from his face.
183

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  “My tune pleased the signor?” he
said, extending his hand for largess,
and Tommy crushed the bank-note in
his hand and leaned toward him.

  "Damn you, finish it!" he hissed so
menacingly that the gipsy stepped back.

  "It is for the signor to finish," he
answered, his eves fixed on the clenched
hand which held the money. " I he poor
Tzigane begins many stories, he dreams
many dreams, but he is a vagabond and
it is the signors who always end them
— when there is profit to be gained."

  “And no one ever heard of a gipsy
finishing a fortune until his palm had
been crossed with silver/’ said Tommy,
Hinging the note to him contemptuous-
ly. “Tell me what you have to say!”
The Hungarian caught the fluttering
paper deftly and his small eyes glis-
tened as he stuffed it into his pocket.

  "The signor is generous!" he ex-
claimed and then in a voice so low that
his words were hardly audible to us:
“Not here Signor Williams; already
half of the people in the restaurant are
watching us and listening. To-morrow
afternoon sketch near the bridle-path of
Monte Pelligrino and I will finish my
tune for you.” He was bowing while
he spoke "and I think that the others
believed that he was mumbling thanks
for Tommy's generosity and before
Tommy could question him further he
backed away and made the circuit of
the other tables, plate in hand.

  “Come, let's get out of this!" said
Tommy curtly. “I want to get where
it’s quiet to think this out.” We paid
our check and left the cafe and I real-
ized that my own preoccupation had
been so great that T had momentarily
forgotten the danger against which we
had been warned when T saw at one
table Cambioni dining alone, at another
Signorina Klisa Drago with a tall dis-
tingmshed-looking man with a red rib-
bon in the lapel of his coat.

  "Tommy, what the cfeuce was there
about that man’s playing which mail'
me s<-e things?" I ventured as we
walked toward the studio and he turned
ami glanced at me curiously.

  “You saw things, too, eh?” he said
gravely. “What it was I don't know;

but he carried me many miles from
Italy. Hypnotism, perhaps, for those
mongrels are an uncanny lot; but what
he made me see was, for a man whose
heart is filled with anxiety for a wom-
an he believes to be in danger, a realis-
tic rej^esentation of hell!”

IV.'

  A half-finished sketch was on the
easel under the great white umbrella;
but the camp-stool in front of it was
deserted and Tommy was stretched out
on the turf with his hands clasped be-
hind his head; the blue smoke from the
cigarette in the corner of his mouth
curling lazily in the still air as he
watched with eager eyes the bridle-
path below us. We were high on the
slope of the Monte Pelligrino and be-
low us on the right the beautiful plain
of the Concha d’Oro with its lemon and
orange-grovcs stretched down tu meet
the deep blue water of the Mediterra-
nean : the white houses of Palermo
gleaming in the sunshine between look-
ing like a great cluster of pearls sur-
rounded by emeralds and sapphires.
We were fjoth oi' us heavy-eyed and
tired; for we bad passed a sleepless
night: Tommy miserable with appre-
hension for the safety of the Lady
Diana, while I found in the mysterious
warnings which had been conveyed to
us so much to worry about that i could
not keep my eyes closed. His impa-
tience had brought us to the rendezvous
with the gipsy long before the appoint-
ed time and he had worked doggedly
at his easel for two or three hours: his
brushes mechanically putting the paints
on canvas; for his mind was not on
his work.

   “1 can’t explain the effect which that
music had on us," he said wearily after
watching the path for a long time in
silence. "1 never heard any tiling like
it bci. M C and that infernal fiddle seemed
possessed of a hundred tongues. I
suppose that the airs which preceded
it had put me in a proper frame of
mind to be receptive to suggestion: but
in all my study of hypnotism—and you
know that 1 went into that as thor-
THE MAFIA AN<D THE CONTESSA

187

oughly as any one ever did—I never
ran across anything like that."

  “I wonder if the others in the room
were affected in the same way." I ven-
tured. "The Servian anthem and the
Balkan love-song could not have con-
veyed a meaning to them; but when
he played to us at the table there was
absolute silence in the rObm and even
the waiters stood quietly until he fin-
ished."

  “I know it and it suggested the
scientific explanation of the Indian jug-
gler's rope-trick to me" answered
Tommy thoughtfully. "Dozens of trav-
elers have described that, and many
whose words are absolutely trustworthy
declare that they have seen the jug-
gler stand in the middle of a great
open space and cast a rope into the air
in such a way that it remained upright
with no visible means of support. Up
this a boy climbs; up and up until he
is lost to sight in the sky; and after he
has disappeared the juggler claps his
hands, the rope disappears and the boy
is beside him on the ground : bowing,
smiling and preparing to pass the hat.
Of course, the actual performance of
that feat is beyond the range of possi-
bility, even in the mysterious East; but
hundreds of people are firmly con-
vinced that they have seen it done.

  “There is only one possible explana-
tion for it: the juggler hypnotizes his
entire audience and wills them to see it.
I have seen the photograph of the per-
formance taken by an English officer
in India. He swears t£'.at he saw the
rope thrown and saw the boy ascend
and he took a snap shot of it. When he
developed the plate it showed the circle
of spectators standing with heads
thrown back and mouths open in won-
derment like a crowd of yokels watch-
ing a balloon-ascension at a country
fair: but there was no rope nor no boy.
The fakir had gone far enough into the
mysteries to be able to hypnotize an
entire audience; but he couldn’t hocus-
pocus a sensitive pholographic-plate.”

  “And you think the gipsy hypnotized
hi? entire audience last night?” I asked
incredulously.

  “I believe that he Him flammed us, at

any rate," admitted Tommy ruefully.
"I'm glad that he made his appointment
for as retired a place as this; apparent-
ly we have the mountain to ourselves
and if he gets away from me without
giving an explanation it will be because
he’s a better man than I am.”

  “Is it to be a contest of hypnotists?”
I asked and Tommy shook his head;
but his eyes did not meet mine.

  “You know that I gave that up,” he
said slowly. “Not because I had ever
put the power I had acquired to bad
use; for I never abused it. I am afraid
of it. though, afraid of what I might
do with it. and I had resolved never to
employ it again. It's a temptation in
this instance which I can hardly resist;
for I don't believe that my hand has
lost its cunning at the game. Don't you
think I would be justified in forgetting
my good resolutions?”

  “I am in the frame of mind to be-
lieve anything justifiable,” I answered
eagerly. “We are not bothering any
one, we are trying to attend to our own
business and yet we are placed on the
defensive. I feel as if we had our
backs against a wall and that we are
entitled to employ any weapon of de-
fense which comes to our hands."
Tommy looked at nie quizzically and
shrugged his shoulders.

  “The trouble is that we are not argu-
ing from the same grounds, so 1 can’t
accept your advance absolution.” he
said. “I don’t know that the Tzigane
is mixed up with our other troubles at
all. If I forget my resolution to get
at him it will not be to save our own
skins ; but possibly to get us in deeper
trouble by obtaining information which
will induce us to follow the princess
and the Lady Diana.”

  “That would take us away from
Sicily, at any rate." I suggested.

  “And for all we know to the con-
trary, out of the frying-pan into the
fire,” answered Tommy. “Confound
it. that beggar gave me the creeps and
what he made me hear and see could
have but one interpretation. A woman
is in terrible danger and calls on me
for help and if he refuses to tell me all
he knows I believe that I should be
188

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

justified in torturing him to get the
information.”

  “It’s the woman, is it not, Tommy?"
I asked, for the first time permitting
invself such a liberty and he straight-
ened up and threw away his cigarette.

  “Yes, it’s the Ionian, old chap,” he
said quietly. “The only one I have
ever asked to be my wife. She cares
for me, too; she makes no denial of
that; but she refuses to bind herself
further until the princess has come into
her own.”

  “And to let you aid her in her ef-
forts to bring that about?”

  “Absolutely and flatly; after our last
experience,'* he said regretfully. "She
even refused to tell me where they
were going, for fear 1 should follow, I
suppose; but we know enough of the
past to forecast the future if they have
ventured within reach of the men they
are conspiring against. She promised
me that I should see her again when
it was possible; that she would send
for me if she were in trouble from
which I could help to extricate her and
it was her voice which called to me
from that gipsy’s violin last night. He
knew my name; he knew the airs which
would arouse my attention and make
me listen to him; but gipsylike he
wants to drive a bargain. He could
have delivered her message, if he car-
ries one, without this mystery ; but in
that he sees opportunity for profit.”
lie paused for a moment and the look
which came to his face told me that
it would be ill for the gipsy to trifle
with him.

  “He will find me ready to bargain,”
he continued grimly. “I have come
fairly well provided with the sinews of
war and there is enough in my pocket
to make him independent of fiddling
for the re*t of his life; but if he holds
out too long lie’ll never cat another
goulash and I’ll have his information or
kill him.” He jumped to his feet as
he spoke and gazed eagerly down the
bridle-path.

  “By Jove, he’s coming!" he ex-
claimed. “I saw some one on the path
down there, I am sure." A moment
later he turned to me with an exclama-

tion of disappointment. “Only a coh-
tadiua girl with her burden 1" he said
irritably. “Confound it, there’s been
no one about here all day and now that
we want the place to ourselves I sup-
pose that there will be people passing
every minute!” I was watching the
girl who climbed the tortuous path far
below us, the bright hues i f the con-
tadir.a costume making a brilliant patch
of color in the landscape and it seemed
to me that she was coming up the path
at an unusual speed. On her head was
balanced one of the long, slender casks
which the peasants use to transport
their oil and wine and she steadied it
with one hand while she used the other
to aid her in climbing short cuts over
the rocks when the path made long
curves to avoid difficult places.

  “Tommy, there’s somebody after
her; I never saw one of these people
hustle like that 1" 1 exclaimed.

  “It’s more likely lhat she's been
loitering in the town and knows that
there’s a thrashing ahead of her if she
doesn’t make up the lost time," he
answered irritably. “She can’t get past

us too quickly to suit- Great Scott!

Do you see who it is?” She had ap-
proached so rapidly that we had a good
view of her face and there was no mis-
taking it. Art had been called to as-
sist nature in giving her skin the
bronze which the contadina girls get
from the burning Sicilian sun; but the .
eyes and features were those of the girl
who had visited the studio and dined
at the Cafe Progresso the night before.
We were about fifteen feet above the
path under the shelter of a high ledffe
of rocks and Tommy started to climb
down to intercept her but she motioned
to him to keep back.

  “I have a message for you from my
sister. Elisa!” she called. “She warns
you to escape, Mr. Williams: you are
both in serious danger!” She had
paused in her own flight for a moment;
but when Tommy would have ques-
tioned her she started on again.

  “The man who was to meet you must
fly, too!” she called back and before
we got to the path she had disappeared
around the corner of the ledge of rocks.
THE MAFIA AND THE CONTESSA

189

  “Confound it. they must be twins I"
exclaimed Tommy in bewilderment.
“What the dickens could she have been
driving at?”

  “I move that we try to catch her and
find out," 1 answered nervously; for
her warning conveyed only one thing
to me. “We should be easy fruit for

the Mafia here and-”

  “Damn the Mafia!" exploded Tom-
my. “I don't care a hoot for all the
anarchists and conspirators in Italy;
for here comes my man!” The gipsy
was in plain view below, coming up the
path with an ease which told of famil-
iarity with climbing and Tommy had
thoughts for no one else; but I had
read fear in the girl's eyes and believed
enough in her warning to wish to profit
by it.	^

  “Can't we adjourn our meeting?" I
asked and Tommy turned on me
fiercely.

  “Go, if you want to!” he said warn-
ingly. “If you stay here, keep quiet
and say nothing of having seen the girl
until I have finished with this man. I
must get to the bottom of this business
and find out w hat the connection is be-
tween the different ones who are try-
ing to bedevil us." There was no ques-
tion of my deserting him and I knew
that remonstrance would be useless, so
I held my peace until the gipsy joined
us a few' minutes later.

  “The signori have selected a pleasant
place.” he sail, glancing a front the small
natural amphitheater in the rocks and
then without further ceremony he ap-
propriated .he camp-stool before the
easel.

  "Are von ready to finish your story?”
demanded Tommy curtly and the Tzi-
gane looked at him with twinkling eyes.

  “T have not brought my violin,” he
answered with just a suspicion of de-
fiance in his tone. “The piper must be
paid, you know, and I was not sure
that you would meet my price."

   h would expedite matters if you
would tell me what you have to dispose
of <nd what price you put on it,” an-
swered Tommy impatiently and the
Tzigane nodded.

  “My wares are of value—to you.” he
said. “The signor knows my countrv?"

  “I know the customs and manners of
your kind the world over," replied
Tommy. “I.have no time to waste in
words. If you have a message to de-
liver you would do well to trust to
my generosity. You will gain nothing
by making a mystery of it.”

  “Even if the message did not please
you!” said the gipsy cunningly. “Our
life makes my people suspicious, signor.
We have learned that the people pay
willingly only for that which they wish
to hear."

  “What is your name ?” demanded
Tommy irrelevantly.

  “Boris, signor; it does as well as an-
other for the moment," answered the
Tzigane, grinning, and Tommy nod-
ded.

  “I’ll remember that for your tomb-
stone, if you make it necessary,” he
said grimly. “See here. Boris; if you
have a message, tell it to me and I’ll
pay you according to its value. If you
are only possessed of information
which you think I might be induced to
pay for. give me an idea of what it is
and I’ll give you a quick answer on
whether I wish to purchase.”

  “The signor likes the music of the
Balkans—when it tells of love. Last
night he paid me generously for my
playing. Would he be as generous if
I sang songs of another kind; those
which tell of war, of the fierce raids of
the wild horsemen, of women carried

off on saddle-bows, of--”

  “I believe you told me of that with
vour infernal fiddling!’ interrupted
Tommy, who had taken his stand in
front of the gipsy. “I heard enough to
satisfy me as fiction. If you have facts
to tell I want them. Have you a
message for me?”

  “I have a message for a man, it he
be brave," answered Boris, watching
him narrowly.** “It will need bravery
to obey the summons I bring, signor.
Tommy stamped his foot impatiently
and I saw that the man who faced him
gathered his feet under him.^

  "This is nonsense. Boris.” he said
angrily. “I am willing to reward a
190

THE '•POPULAR MAGAZINE

faithful messenger ami it is my busi-
ness whether I act or not after the
message is delivered. Let me have it.”
The Tzigane held out his hand signifi-
cantly.

  “It must be crossed with money—
much money, signor.” he said, half
fawning, half impudent. Tommy was
looking him fairly in the eyes, an ex-
pression on his face such as I had not
seen in many a day.

   “Boris, you are a lying, thieving ras-
 cal," he said contemptuously. “I
 should not believe any message which
 came from your lips; for I read kna-
 very in your eyes. What black magic
 you practise with your music that it
 makes men see visions I do not know;
 but the time for chicanery and cheating
 is over. Now, you will tell me all that
 I want to know, or I shall practise my
 own art on you.” The Tzigane’s eyes
 did not drop, but remained steadfastly
 fixed on his questioner. I was watch-
 ing them both narrowly; for I expected
 that Tommy would seize him by the
 throat; and I saw the hand which had
 been extended for money slowly with-
 drawn. Every movement of the man
 was as lithe as those of a panther and
 before I realized what he was up to the
 hand slipped under his jacket, he was
 on his feet in a twinkling and a vi-
 ciotis-looking knife was poised for a
 thrust.

   It was done so quickly that I had no
 time to draw my pistol and Tommy
 was entirely unprepared; but there was
 a sharp report from the rocks above us
 and the knife fell to the ground. For
 a moment the gipsy was motionless and
 then, as a small red spot appeared in
 the center of his forehead, he suddenly
 crumpled and fell in a limp heap at
 Tommy’s feet. Tommy stood motion-
 less for a moment; but the tragedy re-
 called the warnings against the Mafia
 vividly to my mind ami jumping for-
 ward I seized him an»f*ilrew him back
 to the shelter of the rocks.

   “There's no sense in making an easy
mark of yourself!” I exclaimed angrily.
“There are more bullets where that
came from and you know that they are
sent to kill.”

  ‘They could have killed us any tijne
this last three hours,” he answered and
he spoke like a man dazed. “A mo-
ment more and I should have had that
man absolutely in my power; but now
he is dead and his message is unde-
livered.” The sound of his own voice
seemed to rouse him from his bewilder-
ment and his eyes flashed angrily as he
looked at the body of the gipsy.

  “The man who did that will have to
reckon with me 1" he snarled and his
face was not pleasant to look at. “You
can come with me or go back; but 1
am going to run him down.” Me had
drawn his pistol as he spoke and before
I could restrain him he darted again
into the open space and started clam-
bering up the rocks to the place the
shot had come from. It seemed abso-
lute madness; but 1 had been through
too much with Tommy to leave him in
the lurch and I followed; finding, at
least, relief in action after hours of un-
easiness and anxiety.

  I fully expected that we should be
shot at during that climb in which we
were absolutely without shelter; but
not a sound came from above and we
gained the top without having been mo-
lested. We dropped over a wall oi
rock which formed a natural rampart
onto a level grassy patch; a perfect
miniature fortress with a path winding
back from it to the broken ground
above; but whoever had been concealed
there had escaped. Tommy gave a cry
of disappointment and clambered to a
higher rock at the side from which he
could get a view of the mountain back
of us. A moment later I was at his
side and tried to pull him back as a
half-dozen shots rang out from above
us; but he shook me off impatiently.

  “They are not after us!" he said.
“The brutes are trying to hag that
girl.” The men who were doing the
shooting were invisible to us; but a
half-mile to the left we could see the
bright-colored skirt and bodice which
the contadina girl had worn. She was
dodging from rock to rock; taking ad-
vantage of every bit of shelter which
they afforded and running across the
open spaces like a frightened deer. It
THE MAFIA AN<D THE CONTESSA

191

was apparent that she was trying to
reach the point where the mountain
dropped in a sheer cliff to the sea and
the shots were Coming- from above her.

  “If she reaches that point, she'll be
safe,” said Tommy, who knew the
country about Palermo as he did his
pocket. “There are a dozen goat-paths
leading along the face of the cliff from
there and they can’t get 'at her from
above. Go it, little girl! By Jove;
they've got her! No, she’s up again.
Run!'’ The shots told of at least a
dozen men concealed in the rocks above
her and once when she fell flat on her
face we thought that she had been hit;
but it was evidently a trip, for she was
quickly on her feet and racing forward
again. We could do nothing to assist
her; for the puffs of smoke which
alone betrayed the positions of the con-
cealed men were out of range of the
pistols we carried. It did not seem
possible that she could escape; but she
evidently knew' every foot of the
ground she was traversing and she
never hesitated. We watched her
breathlessly as she left the shelter of
the last rock to run across the ten yards
of open which lay betwreen her and
safety; a flash of red and yellow in the
sunshine. There was a perfect fusillade
of shots; but she ran on until she wras
within a yard of the edge untouched.
Then a cry came from Tommy’s lips;
for just as safety seemed within her
reach she stopped; her hands were
thrown above her head and she pitched
forward and disappeared from sight.

  “It’s a thousand feet sheer drop
there.” said Tommy pityingly. “We
couldn’t save her; but there is such
a thing as retribution.” He dropped
back to the grassy place below and I
followed him sick at heart.

  "1 suppose it’s our turn now,” I said
as I looked down on the long path
which we must follow to reach the
safety of Palermo. Tommy leaned
over and picked up something from the
grass.

  “We are either as safe as we would
be in our little beds, or in spite of any-
thing we can do they’ll get 11s inside of
the next half-hour.” he admitted. “See
here; this is a Union Metallic Car-
tridge Company shell and it was made
in America.”

  “\\ here, you tell me. many members
of the Mafia emigrate,” I answered and
he nodded as he slipped the shell into
his pocket.

  “Yes, and many of them come back
from there,” he answered. “This sa-
vors of the methods of the brotherhood,
old chap; but if we could prove it we
should prove the complicity of the po-
lice, which has always been suspected.”
I looked at him inquiringly and he
pointed to the body of the gipsy be-
low' 11s.

  “I believe that the bullet from this
shell is in his head,” he continued quiet-
ly. “I did not see the face of his mur-
derer ; but I saw the pistol and the
hand which held it. The pistol was a
Colt automatic and on the third finger
of the hand on the grip was that curi-
ous seal-ring which you undoubtedly
noticed on the hand of Cambioni yes-
terday afternoon."

  “Then he fired to save you, Tommy !"
I exclaimed, and he looked at me skep-
tically.

  “The next half-hour should prove
whether he did or not.” he ^answered
gravely. "The only trouble is that if
you are mistaken in your guess the in-
formation will be of little practical
value to us.”

TO HE CONCLUDED.
A Keg of Ambergris

By the Author of “ The Black Barque ” ' ‘ The Luck of the ImpulseEtc.

                  Bahama Bill, the giant negro diver ol the Seagull,
                  learns that the value of a ship's cargo may be in
                  direct proportion to its foulness, and that the captain
                  of a whaler can be very mean and ungrateful

HE sperm-whaler Fly-
ing Light came into
Rio Bay and anchored
near the Seagull,
wrecking sloop, en-
gaged upon work in
the channel. The
whaler was from New
Bedford, Massachusetts, and she was as
old as Neptune, dirty, greasy, oil-
soaked. She had the blunt nose, tum-
bling topsides and sawed-off stern of
the early types, her wooden boat-davits
ranging along her bulwarks giving her
a most top-heavy and peculiar appear-
ance. Her small boats were, however,
being put in fine condition and showed
in marked contrast to her sea-washed
topstrakes, bare of paint and spotted
with tar, some of her seams spilling
oakum and leaving Irish pennants hang-
ing. She looked as though' she had seen
much work and trouble, and as her
skipper, Enoch Brown, told of twro
years at sea with varying luck in the
chase, it was easy to believe that she
had indeed become one of the sea-god s
own.

 “We ben aout naouw erbout twenty-
five month," said Captain Brown, talk-
ing to Captain Blye of the Seagull the
evening he came into port, “ ’n’ I reckon
we uns clamped daown erbout all but
a hundred barrel. Sparm-whales ’s
mighty sccerce in th’ Pacific. We
hunted the Solan dor ground, the Mid-
dle ground, *n’ went cl’ar up ter ther
Pribilofs. Vans, we done the Nothe
Atlantic, the Itatteras grounds an’ hit
ther luck mostly off’n Trinidad an’ ther

Martin Vas—struck inter er school o’
young whales ’n' cleaned up six hun-
dred bar'I. An’ the best tiling o' the
whole cruise was running over an old
bull, a solitary. Sick old chap V
spewed up cr chunk o’ ambergris ‘bout
sixty pound—worth fifty dollar an
ounce—that’s it in that cask nigh ther
bulkhead. I keep it lashed fast here
in the cabin so’s I kin keep an eye on it
all the time. You can't trust them da-
goes none too much. Portugee an'
Molaki, all them fellers knows what’s
what when it comes to values—you
think it stinks? Well. I dunno-”

  “There don't seem to be much doubt
about that part of it.” assented Blye,
holding his nose and spitting in disgust.
“You say it’s worth fifty dollars an
ounce ?*’

  “I whun’t say exactly, but that’s
erbout ther value they puts on it," said
Brown: “ennyhow it’s worth more’n
fifty cr pound—en that'll make it come
to something like five or six thousand
dollars. The old bull netted up no
more’n forty bar'l—thin as blazes—
sick, *n? that’s what makes ambergris.”

  “So I believe is the case.*' said Blye:
“I never was in a whale-ship. but it cer-
tainly sounds interesting—picking tip a
few thousand dollars floating about on
the sea like that. I'd like to have you
to dinner with me aboard my little ship.
You come over just as you are and
have a good fresh feed of fruit and
beef. I've a stewardess who can cook
a meal that’ll make your mouth water."

  “Naouw, 1 don't mind ef I do. cap'n,
I don’t mind ef 1 do—thank ye kindly.
A KEG OF AMBERGRIS

193

T’ll jest step forrard an’ tell Mr. Wilson
crbout it—then I'll drop in on yer jest
as 1 am—you'll allow a coat's too warm
daouwn hereabouts.”

  Dive rowed him aboard his own ship
and Bahama Bill, his master diver, and
Mr. Johnson, formerly master of a four-
ma.'ted bark and now mate of the Sea-
gull, came to the side to inspect the
visitor. The few men who ran the
pumps of the diving-outfit were more or
l«ss interested, but sat about the fore-
castle. Miss Moore, the stewardess,
served a meal that made the old whale-
man’s appetite go in jumps and the ex-
cellent ale Blye had purchased from a
tramp steamer at Rio washed it down
and loosened up the chords of speech.
When they came on deck under the
awning to smoke, the subject of treas-
ure-hunting among the leviathans of the
southern ocean was in full blast and at-
tracted the attention of all.

  “Naouw, you see," said the whale-
man, ‘‘you whun't strike ile sometimes
for months, but always you have that
feeling in you that some day you’ll hit
it good and plenty, with the expectancy
of grease. There were a fellow from
Wauchusett, one from Cohasset, and an-
other from Nantucket-”

  Bahama Bill listened with a queer
smile to the accounts of the whaleman.
He wanted to see the stuff that was so
valuable, and when the skipper wanted
to go back aboard his ship the big negro
diver rowed him over.

  "Mighty interesting line ob talk, dat
what you dun give toe us, cap'n,” said
he as the small boat drew up alongside,
“’n’ I’d take it mighty kind if yo’ c’u’d
show me some ob dat stuff—some ob
dat grease yo' tell erbout being so hard
to find an' so priceful.”

  The skipper took him below and al-
lowed him to examine the stinking
mass which he kept in a keg lashed in
a corner of his room. Bahama Bill
looked at it long and wonderingly.

  “Sho> is mighty nasty stuff, cap'n—
what make hit worth so much?”

  “1 dunno exactly, but they make it up
into fine perfume. Most fine ladies use
it, for all the best perfumes have it for
a base lo plant the other stinks on.

     13

Say, for instance, your lady want? roses.
She gits a bottle of perfume with a
few' drops of this stuff diluted in sper-
rits, an’ the rose smell is planted on it,
so to speak—see? That’s all I knows
about it, but the price is real, it whun’t
fall none to speak of,” answered the
skipper.

   “Hit sho’ do seem like hit'll hold hit's
smell a long time, en that’s not say in*
hit’s weak,” assented the diver; ‘’looks
like jest a lump, a nasty me-s of grease
from de beef-coppers—only harder like.
I dun sailed in ships what served beef
wid de fat smeilin’ mos’ like hit, vas.
sare. English ships—yo' say yo’ find
hit in de sea? Test spewed up by
whales ?”

  “Naouw, my man, it is always from
sick whales; healthy whales whun’t
spew none up that I ever heard tell of
—whales what has it is mostly in the
latitudes of the Martin Yas, that is,
whales what I’ve found. The stuff
floats and is picked up on the beach
sometimes. Why, I knows a fellow
from Cohasset-"

  Bahama Bill listened to the deed? of
the men from Cohasset, Wachusett and
also from Nantucket, but while he
might have mixed them with the deeds
of men from Mattapoisett, Amagan'elt,
Apponagansett and other equally easily
remembered spots near New Bedford,
he always had in mind that ill-smelling
lump of ambergris, the fetid product
of the bowels of a sick sperm-whale.
There was no doubt at all as to the
value of the foul mass. Blye assured
him on that point, for Captain Bh e had
often heard of the stuff and so had
Hacksaw Johnson, although neither of
them had ever seen it before.^ C1 ' en-
cyclopedias of all sliip-librarie? held ac-
curate and clear accounts of its value

and uses.

  Bahama Bill rolled in the bunt of
the mainsail that night and dream !
about many disagreeable things.
above all that foul lump of ambergris.
The value had quite turned his head.

  For several days following the sal-
vage of the submarine vessel, the Lhrrr,
which had been accomplished at some
expense and effort, the- St'agxli la)' iu:e
194

THE <POVULA<R MAGAZINE

in the harbor of Rio and very close to
(he Flying Light, the nearly full wliale-
ship which would soon be homeward
bound. During this time the hairy,
half-wild men ranged the beach of Rio
and made tilings hot with their ex-
cesses. Whalemen arc not the gentle,
kind-hearted sailors found in missions
or in crack packets. Their lives afloat
are under strict discipline arid they are
docile under the stern laws of ships at
sea where tlicv have no show' at all to
advance themselves by any sort of mis-
behavior. The capiain, no matter what
happens, is always on top, with his
mates to back him, and anything short
of absolute mutiny and complete piracy
results in the most terrific disciplining.
Complete possession of a ship by her
crew calls for their execution at their
first port of call and they must go in
sooner or later for water or food. But
when ashore and free from the ship’s
rule, their behavior is much as has
marked the South Pacific islands with
lasting scars, and for unrestrained bru-
tality and fearless crime the half-wild
men of the sea are not equaled any-
where on earth.

  They were a wild-iooking set in the
Flying Light. Most of them were da-
goes from the Western Islands, or
Kanakas from the Sandwich group,
with some half-breeds from Tahiti.
They seldom wore anything more thin
a pair of dirty trousers and as water vs
not served to wash with in wdiale-ships,
these articles of apparel were filthy. The
stench on a still day upon the whaler's
decks was not pleasant and the rancid
oil fermenting under the tropical sun
added charms lo the mixed odors which
put the smell of ambergris somewhat in
the nebulous. With bare bodies, hairy
and burned to a mahogany color, tat-
tooed for the most part nearly all over
the chest and arms, wilb their trousers
rolled to the knees, their bare and dirty,
misshaped feet padding about siiently
in the sunshine, they truly resembled a
lot of half-human brutes. Some wore
shirts open at the neck half-way to the
waist, but a pair of shoes was not to be
found outside the slop-chest, bolted se-
curely to the deck in the captain's room.

   1 dun met up with some right smart
sailormen in my time,” said Bahama
Bill to Johnson, “but fer de hardest set
ob white folks, brown folks, an' 1 might
say yaller, dem whale-lumlers is sho’
de limit. Thirty monkeys is sho* mo’
to in) taste ‘ri thirty fellers like dem
dere. ’N’ it seems toe me dat de skip-
per take a few chances wid dat grease
Ire dun got slowed so safe an' soun’ in
de after cabin. Ten ob dem men last
night lit on de guard at de docks and
ef yo' wants tee -ee a dun-up set ob
soldiers, yo’ sho' ought to go in dere
an' take a look at dem—nigh every one
got somethin’ 'n* looks like dey sho'
was handy wid dere hands an' knives—
all got away wid hit too.”

  “They're tough propositions, all
right," assented Johnson: "‘whaling
don't develop nothing soft in life, but I
reckon the old man'll look out for the
stuff he's got.”

  The whaleman from the States
sculled over the next day to report to
Blye the amazing manner his men had
roughed the town-front of Rio. From
the sullen and silent seamen of the
deep ocean they had suddenly developed
into fiends with the inherent traits of all
mixed crews, the traits the skipper
knew very well and dreaded according-
ly when he was in port where his iron
rule was not to be exercised as upon
the sea.

  “It whun’t do at all, it whun't do.
Captain Blye,” said he. “I got to get
grub and water here and I got to sell
that stuff aboard or run the risk of
losing it before clearin’ again—what the
hell would you do about it?"

  "Nothing but get busy and get out
before you have more trouble." said
Blye.

  “Wall, naouw, I duhn’t know—I I
duhn’t know—o’ course. I'll be delayed
some by this affair. Oh. yes, I'll have
to pay blackmail according to Hoyle an’
set them dagoes right before I can get
out again, but you see I got to_ go
ashore myself and I duhn’t like the idee
o’ leavin" this grease aboard where them
men can get a whack at it. Just so
much likker an' then there may or
mayn't be something doing.’
A KEG OF AM<BERG<RIS

195

  “Well, if you want to you can bring
the stuff aboard the Seagull. We'll
take care of it for you until you get
ready for sea again.” said Blye.

  The whaleman eyed him curiously,
lie had not meant to get any such ad-
vice. any such suggestion at all. What
he wanted was. for Blye to go ashore
and try to smooth out the matter of
the rough-house between his crew and
the authorities. He was a suspicious
old seaman'and he was silent for a time
after lilve spoke, and the skipper of the
Seagull knew what he was thinking
about and was more or less ruffled ac-
cordingly. Blye had-always played fair.
To be even suspected of a possible
crooked pla) i was always gall to him.
He turned away and drew his chair to
the other side of the quarter-deck and
left the uncouth whale-hunter gazing
after him with that unmistakably sus-
picious twinkle in his faded but ex-
tremely keen eyes.

  "I duhn’t want to hurt your feelings,
my old friend, but you see Wilson has
a share in the stuff and I can't be re-
sponsible for it," said he, seeing how
Blye felt about it. “Wilson, you know,
is my mate—been in the ship three voy-
ages, and ow ns a sixth interest in her
—you see how it is-”

  Blye smoked silently and gazed out
over the harbor. He was somewhat, ruf-
fled and took no pains to hide it. His
manner told plainly that the whaleman
could take his ambergris and go to the
devil with it for ?I1 he cared.

  Bahama Bill lay in the bunt of the
mainsail and grinned at the talk.

  “ 'Pear like dat whale feller don’t
trust none ob us toe much.” said he to
Johnson. “I reckon dere’s somethin’
in dat find ob grease after all."

II.

  Aboard the whale-ship the heat was
so intense that even under the small
awning that Wilson the mate had
stretched athwart the quarter-deck the
seams bubbled until the pitch seemed as
though it would run off like water. The
second mate. Suudstrom. came up the
ladder, for during the skipper's absence

he felt that certain rights he sometimes
respected might be thrown aside. Wil-
son sat at great ease in his stocking-
feet. A small terrier dog chased the
flies from his socks where they rested
upon the skylight coaming and Wilson
eyed the animal amiably, noting his in-
tentions. Sundstrom came toward him
familiarly and drew up a stool which
the captain kept for his personal use
when aboard.

  ‘•Sile,” said the second, flicking a
bug from the mate’s dirty collar, 'Tve
been below trying to clean up a bit—
dun chased the bugs and roaches from
the forward cabin with that stinking
brimstone—-V while I was there I seen
that keg o’ grease. I dunno what to
think, but sure Mike there’s going to
be trouble if the old man keeps it
where the men ken git hand to ii—I
don’t just like the way them dagoes
shows up after the run on the beach.”
“Well, what yer goin’ to do erbout
it?” asked the mate. “Want me to
put the whole crew in irons while the
skipper stays gamming erbout with all
the dude seamen afloat ?”

  “Naw, I don’t want nothin’ o’ the
kind. Sile, but if you have a share in
the stuff I’m telling you you better put
it away somewheres, better git your
half an’ lace it down safe like—what
you think?”

  “I ain’t got no time fer thinking—
who’s a-goin’ to run this vessel if I
stops to think—who’s a-goin' to sec we •
git new braces, who's a-goin’ to see we
git new lanyards fer the fore riggin’,
who’s a-goin’ to see we git grub to eat
if I sit around and think all day. hey r
“1 was jest a-telling yoti,<' said the
second, reduced to a state of proper
awe at the manifest duties of his su-
perior. ”1 was jest a-telling you, Sile.
an* if the stuff goes don’t say I didn’t
say so in time. Whalin’ ain't what it
used to be—you know that—-and if you
lose out this'voyage you ain’t goin’ on
another soon.”	, .

  “Fergit it.” said Wilson amiably,
puffing'slowly at his pipe: “what’s the
use of taking life so hard' Ain t we
almost full of ile? If you got the bugs
out of my room I’ll go and turn in after
196 '

IHh POPULAR MAGAZINE

•	'inner and don't let no one turn me out
i til supper, unless it’s the old man him-
self/*

  The sun was sinking behind the
mountains before the old man thought
of coming back aboard and in the mean-
time the mate slept in his cleaned bunk
and the second dozed upon his chest in
his room with the little dog near him.

  Forward the men lay and rested,
■some under the whale-boats bottom up
on the dock where repairs were being
made, and others in the stinking close-
less of the forecastle, where the whale-

oil	lamp burned eternally, partly to fur-
nish light but mostly to furnish fire
for tlu reeking pipes. Two men from
the Azores sat close under the port rail
and smoked in silence. One of these
was a hairy fellow, half-naked, long of
limb and swarthy as a dago can be-
come after a year under the tropic sun
He was ugly with small glinting eyes
which were not resting at all like the
body stretched in the waterways. Black
whiskers covered the hard lines o:- his
face and dirt and grease caked his
seamed neck. Large devices tattooed
upon his breast and arms offset the
otherwise common muscularity of his
fram*. His shipmate sat hunched up
with his arms around his knees and
whispered now and again through black
and stubby teeth, grinning often and
looking aft. The slanting rays of the
setting sun faded slowly out, the sea
took 011 a darker hue.

  “N~w ' said the shorter seaman who
still sat watching.

  They made their way aft so quickly
that no one saw them as they entered
the after cabin. Down the companion-
way they slipped with the agility of a
pair of cats and in less time nan it
takes to tell it they were upon the keg
containing the ambergris.

  “Brcaka da kag—quick, taka da
grease.” whispered the. shorter one.

  But breaking the keg was not so easy.
It resisted the efforts of the dago to
such an extent that Ik found it neces-
sary to strike it a heavy blow. lie
finally did this with the butt of the
skipper's whale-gnti which stood in a
rack on the bulkhead. The shock sent

down the hammer upon the cap and a
terrific roar followed, the charge tear-
ing n]) into the deck overhead. The
auttiy aroused the little dog first and it
broke into a furious barking. Then
followed the second mate, who awoke
with the full appreciation of the affair
upon him. Calling Jo Wilson, he
rushed for the after cabin just as Giu-
seppe and Menriquez sped up the steps
of the companionway with something
tucket 1 under the latter's arm.

  'Halt, you holy son (if belial, yelled
Wilson, throwing a belaying-pin with
the accuracy developed from long prac-
tise. The pin hit Hcnriquez fairly in
the back. The pain was intense, but
lie held onto his prize and limped awk-
wardly to the rail.

  “Jump, jump—taka da swim.” yelled
the shorter man. Giuseppe, and Hen-
riquez waiting * t an instant plunged
or rather fell overboard with a splash.
He was followed by his shipmate, who
made a clean dive and came to the sur-
face three or four fathoms distant.

  “All hands,” yelled Wilson, running
forward again, “get down the port
quarter boat.”

  ’"She’s on dec^ " ^h two strokes out
of her—fixin’ her up, you know.” said
the cooper coming aft.

 “Git me a whale-gun—quick!”
roared Wilson.

  No one went for a weapon and in the
meantime the two men were swimming
rapidly away with the tide, cutting
slantwise for the lower pointful*ich was
thickly wooded. Wilson dived below
and in a few moments came back with
a gun used for firing a bomb into the
back of a sperm-whale. It was an im-
mense affair and very heavy. He poured
a good handful of powder into its muz-
zle and shoved a bomb down upon it.
Then he hooked the pivot outside the
taffrail to keep back the recoil and cut
loose at the two heads which were now
some distance astern and going very
fairly toward the shore and safety.
There was a smashing report. The gun
flew up and drove Wilson half-way
across the deck with it and the missile
threw tip the foam within si> inch ;s of
I-Ienriquez' head, but that was all.
A KEG OF AM<BE<RG<R1S

197

  “Sorry, sir, but there ain’t no other
boat what’s fit to go—all of them being
overhauled, sir. The old man has the
only boat that'll swim: you see we
smashed two off the Martin Vas after

that old bull, 'n' one oil-”

  “Name o’ saints! have I gut to stand
here and see two sons of the devil
swim away with a fortune?” yelled
Wilson.

  The report of the whale-gun echoing’
across the harbor aroused the interest
of Bahama Bill, who was just getting
the boat ready to take the wnaling-
skipper back aboard- his ship. Hack-
saw Johnson came on deck and with
Captain Blye gazed long and studiously
at the affair on the Whale-ship.

  It was too far away to see things
definitely in the failing light, but all
agreed that something was wrong
aboard and that the old man had better
get back to his vessel without delay.
Johnson and Bahama Bill volunteered
to row the boat.

  “I whun’t git thar none too soon, bul-
lies.” said the captain, seating himself
aft; “pull like hell."

  There were only two oars in the boat,
the long one with which the skipper
sculled over to the Seagull, and a short
one. Johnson took up the short one
and Bahama Bill, taking the long one
for stroke, gave way with a will while
Captain. Enoch Brown directed and
cheered them with words of advice:
“Port a small mite—thar, that's it,
naouw s-tabbard some, stabbard some—
jest a small bit moar—steddy, steddy,
as you go—I duhn’t give a damn so
long as I git thar in time to see thet

grease is all lo the good- Good

Gawd-•”

  The last exclamation came suddenly
as Bahama Bill, swinging with full
power upon the stroke-oar, snapped it
short off at the row-lock and the blade
quickly went astern. He flung the rest
after it with an oath.

  ‘'Gimme sumthin’ dat'll hold a man—
gimme another oar—quick.” he called.

  “Naouw, that’s all the oars I got
aboard.” said Brown, “and what’s worse
you’ve busted the lung one, the short

one’s too short to scull by—what’ll we
do?”

  “Sing out fer another/’ said Bahama
Bill, standing up.

  I he giant diver was just about to
bawl out for Blye to send a small boat
when he became aware of the mate Wil-
son waving wildly to him from the deck
of the whale-ship.

  "It’s Mr. Wilson; naouw I think he
whun’t wait two minutes befoar swear-
in’ something rotten because we air
. here. Damn a mate who can’t fit aout a
boat with more than a pair of paddles
—I’ll hail him,” said Captain Enoch
Brown.

  The uncouth mate was standing now
upon the taffrail waving his arms and
bawling something to his skipper.
Brown stood up in the small boat and
hailed him.

   “What d’ye want?” he yelled. “Cayn't
ye see we tins has lost an hoar—git a
boat over an' come to us,” he yelled.

   But the mate still waved and howled,
gesticulating wildly like a crazy man.

   “He sho’ dun lose somethin', ’n’ dai’s
a fact,” said Bahama Bilk “most like
his liaid, er what little sense he's got in
hit—what’s that lie’s pointin' to in the
sea?”

  Two small black objects showed in
the direction of the irate mate’s out-
stretched arm. He was now trying to
show Brown the two swimming men
who were making a getaway with what
looked to be the ship’s treasure.

  “Two fellers swimmin’ fer fair,”
commented Bahama Bill.

  “Good Lord—it’s the stuff, my
grease,” groaned Enochs Brown;
“they're making away with it-"

   The giant diver gazed at the heads of
the swimming men now almost out of
sight in the little chop of the harbor
breeze. The light was failing fast, as it
does in the tropics after the sun goes
down, and they stood a good chance to
get away without interference.

   “I'll give you a share of it if you kin
git if.” said Brown hoarsely; “you claim
to be a diver—cayn't you swim, too?”

  “A little—maybe,” said Bahama Bill.

  “Take a try,” said Hacksaw John-
son, grinning up at the big black.
198

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

  "How much ycr say yo’ kin spare ob
dat stuff?" a^ked the diver.

  “I'll give you an ounce, a full Ounce
—wuth fifty dollars," said Brown
quickly.

  Bahama Bill >at down upon the
thwart of the whale-boat. Then he
spat overboard in great disgust. “Yo*
sho’ is generous, white man,” he com-
mented sourly. Captain Blye was
watching the boat drifting without oars
and the stewardess, Miss Moore, hear-
ing the shouting, came on deck also to
take a look. She saw Bahama Bill sit
down and womanlike divined the cause.
She could still hear the mate of the
whale-ship bawling about something
lost and she came to the quick conclu-
sion that it w’as the ambergris she liad
heard so much about in conversation
during the last few days. Visions of
profit came to her nimble mind. Sud-
denly she sprang upon the taffrail of
the Seagull and screamed to Bahama
Bill to go after the men. Bahama Bill'
sat up straight and listened with a
broad grin upon his ugly mouth.

  “Make hit a third ’n' I goes ’n’ gits
hit." said he slowly to Enoch Brown.

  "I whun’t, by gorry, I whun't do no
sech thing—what, ten thousand dollars
fer a little swim like that?" snarled the
w'lialeman.

  “Git hit yo’self then,” snapped Ba-
hama Bill.

  But Miss Moore was still screaming
to the diver in spite of Blyc’s protesta-
tions to shut up. Suddenly Bill sprang
up as if an idea had reached his in-
tellect. He peeled off his jumper and
the next instant was over the side ma-
king a foaming path through the harbor
in the direction of the two heads which
had now almost gained the shadow' of
the shore. With a long-reaching over-
hand stroke the diver plowed through
it. butting the small chop with his bul-
let-head and pushing up the foam in
front of him so high that it poured
over his face and shut off his wind un-
til the end of his stroke. Then getting
his nose nut for just an instant, he
drove along again, to repeat the move-
ment.

  As an exhibition of fine swimming

the scene was hard to better. The two
dagoes were experts in the art, although
as a rule whalemen can swim but little,
as nearly all deep-water seamen are the
poorest of men when in the element
upon which they spend so much of their
lives. Henriquez and his companion
were taking it easy now, feeling that
they had made their getaway and that
they would soon be upon the wooded
point where shelter could be had. The
growing night would cut off all pursuit
on land, for it would be impossible for
any one but a native to trail them
througb^jhe thick jungle. The small
boats were out of commission and they
grinned and joked at each other as they
swam along, commenting upon the dis-
tress caused their commander.

  It was a good mile to the beach and
they were getting close in when they
were aware of a deep snorting close be-
hind them. It was the sound of some-
thing in the j»ea and whatever it was it
was coming along with a wash and tear
like a giant fish. Henriquez treaded
w'ater for an instant to get a better
view astern. Then the black head of
Bahama Bill came into view about ten
fathoms behind and the snoriing be-
came painfully distinct, lie was com-
ing along handsomely and had sighted
his chase.

  "Geta da nig," panted Henriquez;
"taka da knife—here.”

  “Cornin' lika da whale, hey—pity da
harpoon not here—I feex heem wida da
lance—what ?”

  Giuseppe slacked his stroke. He was
used to fighting and a negro more or
less was nothing to him. He would at-
tend to the fellow and Henriquez would
keep along with the prize, getting into
the shoal water and darkness.

  In a few moments Bahama Bill was
up with him.

  The black head of the giant diver
rose suddenly, lifted clear of the sea
and he stopped swimming. The .dago
waited warily and suddenly made a pass
with the knife.

  Bahama Bill sank slowly down as the
weight of the blow feil upon his neck.
He was not expecting a knife-thrust
and the blade had all but caught him in
/

A KEG OF AM<BE<RG<RIS

a vital place. As it was, the point
overreached him and the edge cut him
but slightly—his impetuous advance
had saved him by a fraction of an inch,
lie sank beneath the surface and then
quickly swam deeper. Then he reached
for the fellow’s feet. He grasped one
and with it fast in a powerful grip he
started for the bottom of the harbor,
dragging the dago with him.

  Giuseppe felt the grip, knew it was
the black man and thinking he had
killed him with the knife-thrust, imag-
ined that the negro was sinking and
dragging him down to the bottom with
him. lie therefore made no effort to
cut away but gave one yell to HenriqtSez
for help and then went under.

  Down, slowly down, the black diver
dragged his victim. Three fathoms
deep he drew him with mighty strokes
and then the bottom mud struck his
hand, lie let go and shot upward and
in a moment was breathing upon the
surface waiting for the head of the fel-
low to appear again. Again and again
did he drag the rascal down, letting him
go only when his own wind was failing,
and at the third sinking Giuseppe failed
to rise again. In a few moments Bill
was after Henriquez, following the di-
rection in which he had seen him swim-
ming before his fight. The tide was
now flooding and the current was set-
ting back toward the Seagull. Hen-
riquez, hearing the snorting breath of
Bahama Bill coming close asiern of
him, knew the fate of his shipmate,
knew that a like fate awaited him, for
he was unarmed and Bahama Bill
would probably have the knife. He let
go the ambergris and with overhand
strokes put for the shoaling water with
all speed.

  He was a fine swimmer and the negro
was badly winded from his race and
fracas. Away they went through the
dark shore water, their wakes rippling
off like the sea from a boat’s cutwater.

  “I dun got yo’, slack up, yo’ dago *n’
gimme a share ob dat grease,” called
Bahama Bill.

  “I giva da knife—I keel you,”
shouted Henriquez frantically at the
same time driving with all speed for the

199

point, which was getting close. The
black shadows were almost to him and
he strove to gain them, hoping to elude
the diver in the darkness. But the sea
was smooth inside the point and while
it was dark close to the land the smooth
surface gave back a rustle and swash as
he tore through it and the pursuing
swimmer could keep him well in mind.

  Straight for a jutting ledge swam
Henriquez. If he could gain it all
would be well, for he couid surely hide
in the jungle. Behind him came the
diver, panting, snorting like a grampus,
but keeping steadily at his work. Hen-
riquez’ feet struck the ground. He gave
a mighty lurch ahead, grabbed a pro-
jecting ledge and hauled himself clear
of the sea before Bahama Bill, who now
fairly lifted himself from the water at
each stroke, could reach the ground
with his legs.

  "‘I come back to keel you—black nig-
ger man,” panted Henriquez. Then he
plunged into the bushes and Bahama
Bril tore his way through the shallow
and made the land at last.

  A quick dash into the brush scratched
the naked body of the diver sorely. He
stopped and listened. There was not
a sound, not a crackling of a twig to
show the direction of the escaping Hen-
riquez. He knew the fellow was close
at hand in the bushes, but the dark-
ness was now that of a tropical night
and he could see nothing at all save the
outer edge of the jungle, where the
lapping of the sea was all that broke
the stillness.

  “Come out, yo’ rascal, come out an’
give me a whack at yo'.” he yelled.
The silence was unbroken and he gazed
out over the harbor to see the riding-
light of his ship shine out over the
water. Captain Blye had evidently re-
mained aboard.

  “I dunno as there’s enny use er try-
in' toe git that dago,” commented the
diver after ten minutes’ search in the
jungle, “ ’n’ when I comes toe think oi
hit I sho’ don’t call toe mind seeing him
take nothin’ asbo’ with him—I reckon
he dropped de stuff somewheres befo
he landed.” He spent half an hour
searching the shore for a trace of the
200

THE '■POPULAR MAGAZINE

missing prize and then he wondered at
not having- a boat sent after him.

  “Hit's sho’ strange—hit sho* is dat,
dey sho51 ought toe send a boat—looks
like I dun got toe swim back abo'd/’
Just then the sound of muffled oars
came to him, then the voices of men
and he recognized that of Enoch
Brown, captain of the whal«-ship.

  “Well, I whun’t give rnore'n two
ounces of that grease; no, sir, 1 whun’t
give up the profits of a voyage jest to a
nigger—it ain’t fair, no, sir, it ain’t
right to expect me to—here’s this Giu-
seppe half dead, got him just in time—
here’s Henriquez killed likely before

this—I lose two good men-”

  ‘‘Better wait till you get the stuff be-
fore you talk about giving it away,"
said the voice of Johnson, “and if I was
you I wouldn’t let on too much what
you think of Bahama Bill—or there
might be more men Tost to your stinking

ship-"

  “Here I am—come right in,” hailed
Bahama Bill from the darkness of the
shore, and the boat was headed instant-
ly for the beach.

  “Get him?’’ asked Johnson.

  *’I rcckon you got the stuff?'’ in-
quired Brown.

  "Got nothin'—V I ain’t lookin’ no
mo’ for nothin’—yo’ kin lake me back
abo'd,” said the diver.

  “Sure you hain’t got that grease hid
in the bushes?” asked Brown anxious-
ly.

  “I may have to take your whurd,
yaas, I can do that—but I’ll search the
p’int in the morning jest the same.”
“Look here, white man. vo’ cut dat
line ob talk out—I ain’t got yo’ grease,
but I makes plain dat ef I had got hit.
yo'd git erbout jest one ounce—’n’ dat's
all—yo’ sec?” said Bahama Bill. “ ’N'
while I'm talking toe yo\ I’ll jest make
hit plain dat yo" is de meanest white
man I ever see.”

  “Get aboard—look out, don't step on
Giuseppe, he’s laying there in the bot-
tom—you nigh killed him,” said John-
son, and Bahama Bill, giving the boat’s
bow a shove, jumped into her to row
back aboard his ship. They took Cap-

tain Brown back to the whaleman and
passed the half-insensible seaman up the
side to the mate, who immediately be-
gan to belabor him for stealing the
>rize. Then Johnson and Hill rowed
>aek aboard their little vessel. Blye
met them at the gangway and grinned
in amusement, but Miss Moore stood
aft gazing forward at something in the
water with the night glass.

  “Let her drift back a bit—let go, now
row straight ahead,” said the steward-
ess “it's coming straight with the tide.*’
The breeze had fallen as it always
does in the ’ tropical harbor and the
smooth dark water fhowed a small ob-
ject floating along with- the insetting
current- The men in the boat had hard-
ly grasped the meaning of the woman’s
curiosity when the lump of ambergris
came under the bow sprit-end.

  “Quick., for Heaven’s sake, don’t lose
it.” cried the woman, and Johnson, who
was forw ard, made a pass for the mass
with both hands, grabbing it and haul-
ing it aboard the small boat. All was
done so quickly that the men were
amazed.

  “I’ve been watching it for an hour or
more,” said Miss Moore. “I knew the
fellow would drop it when Bill started

for him—dear old Bill-”

  “Cut dat line out,” snapped the diver.
  “But you see. you would never have

gotten it except for me-”

  “Well, we'll have to take it back to
the fellow to-morrow,” said Blye; “we
are not whalemen or pirates.”

  “But just a little—can’t I have just a
little bit?" asked the stewardess.

  “I sho’ thinks Miss Mo’ has got toe
have a little piece—erbout one ounce or
so,” said Bahama Bill, turning to his
captain.

  “All right, you can cut off a chunk of
the stuff—cut off a couple of hundred
dollars’ worth, but no more—and that
under the condition that you will take
the stuff back to the ship in the morn-
ing.” said Blye.

  “I dunno as I would like ennytlnng
better—sho’, I’ll take de stuff back toe
dat man in de mornin’—jest toe hear
him talk.”
Lost Cabin Mine

By Frederick Niven

SYNOPSIS OF CHAPTERS PREVIOUSLY PUBLISHED.

     Francis, the young man who tells this story, in his quest for fortune in the West, finds himself almost
penniless and without prospects in Baker City. He is lodging at. tho Laughlin House. The proprietor tells
him the story of the “Lost Cabin Mine" up to date. It seuma three prospectors had struck it famously rich
in the mountains and had then run out of food. Two of them bad made a desperate eti'ort to get back ti>
civilization but had dropped on the way. Mike Canlan, another prospector, had come across one of thim
half-conscious on the wagou-road to Baker City and started to carry him there. On the way he met Apache
Kid. a picturesque Western character, and Larry Donoghue, his partner, a desperate, violent fellow. These
two had volunteered assistance. They bad brought the dying man to the Laughlin House. While Canlan
had gone for a doctor, the man had muttered something about the Lost Cabin and Apache Kid and Larry
Donoghue had heard. When Canlan had returned the man was dead. Evidently Canlan too had learned
something valuable, for from that time he watched Apache Kid and Donoghue like a hawk and tried in vari-
ous ways to find out how much they really knew. Francis meets the three of them at the Laughlin Hou->?.
Donoghue tries to kill Canlan and Francis is instrumental in preventing the murder. Afterward Apache
Kid and Donoghue propose to Francis to join them in a contemplated trip, offering him a salary he sorely
needs. He accepts their olFer. Apache Kid and he leave Baker City as secretly as possible. They are to
meet Donoghue on the road to Camp Kett le. Apache Kid does not divulge the object of their journey, but
the precautions taken suggest to Franci3 it is the search for the Lost Cabin Mine. At a half-way house
Francis protects the daughter of the proprietor from the insults of a traveling man. The latter attempts
to shoot him but Apache Kid saves his life. They resume their journey by stage to Camp Kettle. Arriving
there. Apache Kid tells Francis definitely their destination is the Lost Cabin. They procure horses and
rations and strike through the woods. Two men who have followed them hold them up in the forest and
demand to be told the location of Lost Cabin Mine on penalty of death. Apache Kid parleys with them.
Donoghue suddenly appears and shoot3 one of the men from behind a tree. Apache Kid kills the other.
Thf three resume the journey. -Mr. Pinkerton, proprietor of the Half-way to Kettle House, and a half-breed
follow their rrail, and warn them of another party coming to stalk them to the Lost Cabin and then kill
them. This party now appears and in a pitched battle Francis is captured by the enemies. They torture
him cruelly to make him divulge the location of the Lost Cahin, which he does not know. Finally Apache
Kid rescues him by agreeing to join forces with the other party, and all go into camp together for the night.

HAT the} were three
unscrupulous scoun-
drels—“the toughest
greasers that ever stole
stock." as Mr., Pinker-
ton had phrased it
when speaking of them
and their cronies—
u-ing the word “greater” in its loose,
slang sense, not necessarily implying
thereby that they were actually Mexi-
can-. which is the meaning of the name
—that they were capable of any treach-
ery and cruelty themselves, there was
no doubt.. And as they were, so they
would be very prone to judge others

and were, doubtless, already thinking
to themselves that we three had after
all—for the present at least—the best
of the bargain : for had they set upon us
and done away with us, where would
have been their chance of coming to the
Lost Cabin? As far away as-ever; the
Lost Cabin would still have been a
needle in a haystack.

  On the other hand, I guessed them
already arguing, we would be glad and
even eager to kill them, though they de-
sired to keep us alive—for a time.

  1 suppose they took our handshake—
Larry’s and mine—for a sign of some
understanding between us and scented

     This serial began in the October isnue. The back numbers can be obtained from any newsdealer,
f'rioe. fifteen cents each
202

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

in it a treacherous design upon them,
for they kept upon our Hanks hereafter,
at sight of which Donoghue laughed
his ugly laugh and shook his horse for-
ward a step, sneering at them 'over his
shoulder.

  Oh! We were a fine company to go
into camp together, a* we did within
half an hour later, before the last grass-
hoppers had ceased their chirring, on
the side of the knoll where was a spring
of water, a little pool overhung by a
rock with strange amphibious insects
darting away from its center to the
sheltering banks as we dipped our cans
for water to make the flapjacks.

  To any chance observers, happening
into our camp at twilight, we would
have seemed nothing more dire than
a round-up camp of cowboys, I fancy,
for after the meal, when pipes and
cigarettes were lit and belts let out a
hole or two and boots slackened, there
was an air of outdoor peace around the
fire.

  Yet I need not tell you that the peace
was on the surface—fanciful, unreal.
As for me, the snake was leaping in
my eyes out of the fire, when Apache
Kid calmly struck up a song.

  Heads jerked up and eyes glanced
on him at the first stave. It seemed as
though everything that any man there
could do or say was to be studied for
an underlying and furtive motive.

  It was ‘‘The Spanish Cavalier" he
sang, with a very fine feeling, too, soft-
ly and richly. There is a deal of the
sentimentalist about me, and the air.
apart from the words, was ringing in
my heart like a regret.

  “The bright, sunny day/’ he sang,
“it soon fades away.” and after he
ceased the plain had fallen silent. The
chirring of insects had gone and left
the valley empty of sound. During all
the journey I never heard so much as
the twitter of anv bird—except one of
which you shall hear later—so I think
that the gripping silence at the end of
day must have been due only to the
stopping of the insect life. By day one
was not aware of any sound; but at the
close of day, when the air chilled, the
silence was suddenly manifest.

   Then the singing ceased and the cry
that I now knew well, the dusk cry of
the coyotes, rose in a howl, with three
or four yelps in the middle of it and
the doleful melancholy baying at the
close.

   I looked round the group at the fire

again.

   “Well,” said Apache Kid, the first to
speak, “who’s to niglft-herd the

horses ?”

  The man Dan rose up at that. It
was he who alone of all my tormentors
on the clifT had spoken a word with
anything of kindness in it.

   ‘TH take the first guard, if you like,”
said he.

   Farrell looked across at Apache Kid.

#	“One of your side, then, said he,
“can take the next guard—share and
share—time about, I guess; eh r”

  Apache Kid threw the end of his
cigarette into the fire and, drawing
out his pouch, rolled another and mois-
tened it before he replied.

  "W’hy do you talk about sides at
all?” he asked. “I thought we were a
joint stock-companv now?”

  “Well. wrell," snapped Farrell, "I
mean one of you three—you or one of
your partners.”

  "Quite so: I know what you mean.
I understand 3*our meaning perfectlv."

  There was a pause and then said he,
taking a brand from the fire and light-
ing liis cigarette, so that I saw his full,
healthy eye shine bright: “Ii you are
going to talk about sides in this expe-
dition—then so be it. But I don’t think
our side, as you call it. will bother with
any night-herding: indeed, I think we
need hardly trouble about saddling up
or unpacking or cooking or anything—
if you make it a matter of sides.” And
lie blew a feather of smoke. *1 think
my side will live like gentlemen between
now and the arrival at the Lost Cabin
Aline.”

  Every eye was fixed anxiously on
him.

   “You see,” he explained, “the fact is,
you need us and we don’t need you.
It’s a case of supply and demand and
—seeing you *talk of sides,” he said,
with what must have been, to Farrell,
LOST CABIN MINE

203

an irritating- insistence, "our side ai
present is wanted. It’s almost i sort of
example of the workings of capital and
labor. No!” he ended, with a satisfied
grunt, “I don't think there’s any need
for me to tend horses at all, thanks.
I'm quite comfy by the fire.”

  There was a shrewd, calculating loc k
on Farrell’s face as he looked Apache
Kid cunningly in the eye a space. I
could wager that he was making him-
self certain from this spcech that
Apache Kid was the principal in our ex-
pedition. I think he really believed that
I could say nothing of the Lost Cabin,
even had I desired to, and from the
way he looked then to Donoghue and
looked back again to Apache Kid it
struck me forcibly that he was wonder-
ing if it were possible that Larry Dono-
ghue was not “in the know” to the full,
but merely of the company in a similar
way with myself.

  Then he rolled an eye back again to
Apache Kid. and I remembered the
sheriff of Baker City then, for Farrell’s
words were the very words I had heard
the sheriff use: “You're a deep man,”
he said.

  “And I’m quite comfy, too.” broke in
Donoghue. “Thanks," he added. “And
as for this young man beside me, I
think he wants a rest to-night. A man
that's had a snake wriggling at his nose
for half of an afternoon is liable to
want a little sleep and forgetting."

  Everybody cocked an ear, so to speak,
on this speech; but no one of those
who did not understand asked an ex-
planation.

  Farrell looked with meaning at Mr.
Pinkerton, who sat out of the affair,
but neither he nor ihe half-breed spoke
a syllable. Pinkerton pulling 011 his
corn-cob pipe, and the half-breed rub-
bing the silver buckle of his belt with
the palm of his hand, and studying the
reflection of firelight in it.

  “No, no.” suddenly remarked Apache
Kid, “you couldn’t ask Mr. Pinkerton
to do that, nor Charlie either. We
can't be so inhospitable as to ask our
guests of this evening to night-tend our
horses.”

  “What the hell are you getting on

about?” said Farrell, and then, as
though thinking better, and considering
that a milder tone was more fitting, lie
said: “I never asked them to.”

  “No, no; you did not ask them to.”
said Apache, in a mock-conciliatory
tone, and then, with a smile on his lips
he said gently: “But you were thinking
that, and I—know—every—thought—
that passes through your mind, Mr.
Farrell.”

  "You should have seen the man Pete
at these soft-spoken words.

  I must give you an idea of what this
fellow looked like. To begin with, I
think I may safely say he looked like a
villain, but more*of the wolf order of
the villain than the panther: he had
what you-would call an ignorant face
—a heavy brow, high cheek-bones, very
glassy and constantly wandering eyes,
far too many teeth for his mouth, and
they very large and animailike. And
if ever I saw' superstitious fear on a
man’s face, it was on the face of that
cutthroat.

  He looked at Apache Kid. who sat
with his hat tilted back and his open,
cheery, and devil-may-care face ra-
diant to the leaping firelight—looked
at him so that the firelight made on
his face shadows, instead of lighting it;
for he held his chin low and the mouth
open. His hat was off and only his
forehead was lit up. The rest was
what I say—loose shadows. Then he
looked at Farrell, as though to see if
Farrell were not at all fearful, and,
“Say!" he said, “I’ll take herd to-
night."

  Farrell turned on him with a leer and
laughed.

  “I guess you’d better go first then,”
said he, “before midnight comes, and
let Dan go second, after a three hours’
tend.”

  So Pete rose and tightened his belt,
and went his ways: and that in less than
no time, for tiie horses were already
restive. as though the loneliness of the
place had taken possession of them. Of
all beasts I know, I think horses the
most influenced by their environment.

  “Well, if this don’t beat cock-fight-
in’!’ I heard Mr. Pinkerton’s voice be-
204

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

hind me, where he lay now, leaning on
an elbow; ami then he said a word or
two to the half-breed, who rose and de-
parted out of the circle of the fire-
shine.

  In a little space he returned, leading
his own mount and Pinkerton's by the
Ifiriau which were around their necks,
and as he made fast these lariats to a
stone Farrell looked at Mr. Pinkerton
across the glow, and asked him. sus-
picious as ever, “What's that for?”

  ’“Oh! Just so as not to he indebted
to you.” replied Pinkerton, and coming
cIom r to the tire he rolled his one gray
blanket round him and, knocking down
the ashes of his pipe, lay down to rest,
the half-breed following suit. But after
they had Iain down, and when I, a little
later, at a word from Donoghue, sug-
gesting 1 should "turn in," unpacked
my blankets, which I had found among
the pile of our mixed belongings, I saw
the half-breed’s eyes still open and with
no sign of sleep in them. “So.” said I
to myself, “Pinkerton and the half-breed,
I expect, have arranged to share watch
and watch, without having the appear-
ance of doing so.”

  And indeed one could scarcely won-
der at any such protective arrangement
in such a camp as this. Donoghue and
Apache Kid. indeed, were the only two
there who could close their eyes in sleep
that night with anything like a reason-
able belief that the chances of their
awakening to life were greater than
their chances of never breathing again
the sage-scented air of morning.

CHAPTER XIV.

APACHE KID PROP 1TK51ES.

  You may wonder how it was possi-
ble for me to lie down, to roll myself
round in my blankets, to fall asleep in
such a camp, in such company as that.
I, indeed, wondered at myself as I did
so, wondered how I came by the heed-
lessncss—for I cannot call it courage—
that allowed me to compose myself to
slumber. Anything might have hap-
pened in the dark hours, murder and
sudden death; but I was excessively

fatigued; my body ached; my nerves,
too, were unstrung by the torture of
the cliIT. Sleep I mu^t and sleep I did.
on the in-tant that 1 stretched myself
and laid down my head. Perhaps the
sigh with which 1 dismissed from my
mind the anxieties that might have kept
me wakeful was more of a prayer than
a sigh. Across the fire of smaller
branches that had cooked our supper,
in the preparing of which each look
part, a great log was laid, so that no
replenishing would be necessary.

  It was the sound of Donoghue’s
voice that woke me to blue night, star-
shine, and the red glow of the log. 1 i is
jxjsition was unaltered. I could have
believed that he had not moved a mus-
cle since my lying clown, and the stars
told me I had slept some time, lie re-
clined with his legs crossed, his feet
stretched to the glow, his hands in his
pockets, and his unloosened blanket-roll
serving for a cushion to the small of his
back.

  “There ain’t no call for me to turn
in." he wras saying. “I don’t have to
turn in to please you.”

  I smuggled the blankets under iny
chin and looked to see whom he was
addressing.

  All the others of the company were
lyirvr down, but it was evidently Far-
rell who had made the prior remark, for
he nuw worried with his shoulders in
his blankets to cast them from him. and
rising on an elbow, said: "Oh. no. You
don’t have to. But it looks to me
mighty like as if you was seared of us
—that you don’t lay down and sleep.
We're square enough with you."

  Donoghue looked at him in that ;n-
solent fashion of opening the eyes wide,
and then almost shutting them, and
sneered:

  “Well. well, what are you always
cpenin*: your eyes up a little ways and
peepin' at one for? One would think
you was scared o’ me; and that feller
there, that Dan, or what you call hint,
he keeps waking up and giving a squint
around, too. You're square with us?
We’re^square with you. ain’t we r"

  Farrell flung the blankets back from
him and cried out: “Do you know what
LOST CA'BIN MINE

205

I'm goin’ to tell you? I wouldn’t trust
you. not an inch. I got my gun here
ready, if you try any nonsense."

  The gleam of an unholy satisfaction
was ou Donoghue’s face, then lie cried
out: “Well, sir, if I find a man trust
me. I'm square with him ; but if he don’t
trust me, I doiv't play fair with him.
That's right, 1 guess, ain’t it?"

  This, to my mind, was a very faulty
morality, but it seemed not so to Far-
rell.

  ‘‘Yes,” .'ie agreed. "I reckon that’s
generally understood,” and then he
showed quite a turn for argument on
his own plane of thought.

  “Cut you don't trust me neithei^’
said he, “and if I was payin’ you back
the way you talk about, I'd up and plug
you through the head.”

  Argument was not in Donoghue’s
line, but lie cried out:

  “And where would 1 be while you
were tryin' it on?’’

  Farrell did not answer, and in the
pause Donoghue did indeed continue the
argument, unwittingly, to its logical
conclusion.

  “No. no. my boy," he said, “you
wouldn’t plug me here. You wouldn't
plug me till we got you what you
wanted. Oh. I know your kind well.
You thought you held the trumps when
you corralled the lad there," and he
jerked his head in my direction. “But
you didn't.''

  “It seems to me like as we di'd," said
Farrell, with a vindictive leer, “else why
are we here now?”

  "IIe;e now?” snapped Donoghue.
“Why, you’re here because my partner
i.> so dumed soft times. He wouldn't
—go—on—and leave the lad," he
drawled contemptuously. “What good
was the boy to you. anyhow ?” he asked.
“Looks as if you knew you were try-
ing it on with a soft, queer fellow. I’d
ha’ let you cat the boy if you wanted
and jest taken a note o’ your ugly blue
mug in my mind and said to myself:
Larry, my boy. when }-ou see that fel-
ler ag’in after you’ve got through with
this—you shoot him 011 sight!"

  “And what if the mug was to follow
you up?” said Farrell.

  All this while there was no move-
ment round the fire, only that I saw
Apache Kid’s hand drawing down ihe
blankets from his face. Pinkerton and
the half-br^ed were a little beyond
'Donoghue and lying somewhat back so
that 1 did not know if they were
awakened by this talk. And just then
Dan sat up suddenly, glared out upon
the plain to the foil!- points of the com-
pass, and screamed out:

  “The bosses ! Where’s the bosses?"

  We were all bolt upright then, like
jumping-jacks, and leaning 011 our
palms and twisted about faring out
strained into the mooh-pnilid plain.

  Dan leaped to his feet.

  “The bosses is gone!" he cried, and
he rushed across to the two horse- that
were tied with the lariats.

  “Lend me a hoss," he cried. “We
must go out and see where Pete has
got to with them horses.”

  “I lew' you dis—you dog!” said the
half-bt-.ed in his guttural voice and he
flung up his polished revolver in Dan’s
face.

  It was Apache Kid who restored
some semblance of order to the camp.

  “All right, Dan,” he said. “Don't
worry. It’s too late now.”

  We all turned to him in wonder.

  “Fete thought it advisable to take the
whole bunch away. lie agreed that it
was advisable to make what little capi-
tal he could out of his expedition into
this part of the country. O11 the whole,
I think he was sensible. Yes—sensible
is the word," he said, thoughtfully wag
ging his head to the fire and t-hen look-
ing up and beaming on us all.

  “What you mean?" cried Farrell._

  “Just what I sa3r,' said Apache Kid.
“He simply walked the whole bunch
quietly avvay five minutes after he
bunched them together out there."

  “You saw him doin' that! You saw
his game and said nothing! cried Far-
rell.

  “Even so!" replied Apache Kid.

  Farrell glared before him speechless.

  “What in creation made him do
that ?” said Dan. going back like a man
dazed to his former place.

  “You mean %vlw in creation made
206

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

him do that ?” Apache Kid said lightly;
“and I have to acknowledge that it was
I”

  “You!” thundered Farrell. “I didn’t

see you say a word to him* You bought
him utT someways, did you? How diM
you do it?”

  “Oh!" said Apache Kid. “I simply
gave him a hint of the terrors in store
for him if he remained here. You heard
me; and lie was a man*who could un-
derstand a hint such as I gave. I took
him first, as being easiest. But I have
no doubt that you two also will think
better of your intention and depart—
before it is too late. He went first.
You, Mr. Farrell, I think, will have the
honor of going last.”

  "I don't know what you mean,” said
Farrell, like a man scenting something
beyond him.

  “No,” said Apache Kid. ‘‘I under-
stand that. -You will require some
other method used upon you. He suf-
fered from the fear of man. That was
why he went away. Now you, Farrell.

I don't think you fear man, God-”

  “No! Nor devil!” cried Farrell.
“Nor no more do I !” said Dan, turn-
ing on Apache Kid. “Nor no more do
I. And if the loss o’ the bosses don’t
cut any figure to you, it don't 110 more
to us, for we’re goin’ through with you
right to the end.”

  But 1 thought that a something about
his under lip, as I saw it in the shadows
of the lire, belied his strong statement.
Apache Kid was of my opinion, for lie
looked keenly in Dan’s face and re-
marked: “A very good bluff, Daniel.”
“Don’t you ‘Daniel’ me!" cried the
man. “You're gcttin’ too derned fresh
and frisky and gcttin’ to fancv vour-
self.”

  "That's right. A bluff should be sus-
tained." said Apache Kid, insolently,
and then dropping the conversation, as
though it were of absolutely no mo-
ment. he rolled himself again in his
blanket. And this he had no sooner
done—unconcerned,, untroubled, heed-
less of any possible villainy of these two
men—than Pinkerton’s voice spoke be-
hind me;

  "lie's a good man spoiled, is that

Apache Kid. I could ha’ been doin’
with a son like that.”

"1 think you’re kind o’ a soft mark,
right enough,” sneered Farrell to the
now recumbent form of Apache Kid.
“I think you’re too soft to scare me.”
Apache Kid was up in a moment.
“Soft!" he cried, “soft!”

   And on his face was the look that he
gave the Italian livery-stable keeper at
Camp Kettle only, as the saying is,
more so.

  I heard Donoghue gasp, you would
have thought more in fear than in ex-
ultation. "Say! When he gets this ,
ways you want to be back out of his 1
way.”

   “Look at me!" said Apache, standing 1
up. “You see I've got on no belt; my \
gun’s lying there with the belt. I've \
got 110 knife—nothing. Will yon stand
up, sir. and let me show you if" I'm soft,
seeing that I have given you my word
—not to kill you?” You should have
heard the way these last words came
from him. “Will you stand up and let
me just hammer you within an inch of
your end?”

   Farrell did rot quail; I will do him I
that justice. But he sat considering, I
and then he jerked his head and jerked j
it again doggedly, and, “No,” he said, I
“no. I reckon not.”

  The fire of anger had leaped quick I
enough to life in Apache Kid, and it j
seemed to ebb as suddenly.

  “AIT right," he said. “All right. J
Perhaps it is better so. It would dirty
my hands to touch you. And indeed,”
he was moving back to his place now,
“lead is too clean for you as well.”

  He turned a> he reached where his
blankets lay.

   “Farrell," he said, “it is at the end of
a rope that you will die.”

CHAPTER XV.

IN WHICH THE TABLES ARE TURNED—
AT SOME COST.

After that peace came, and I dozed

again.

   It was a shot, followed by a scream,
that awoke me; and those kind gods
who guard us in our sleep and in our
LOST CA<B1N MINE

207

  waking caused me even at that moment
  not to obey the sudden impulse to leap
  up. Instead, I flung my hand to my
  revolver and lay flat—and in doing so
  saved my life.

     Beside me, with the first quick open-
   ing of my eyes, I saw Donoghue kick
   in his blankets, like a cat in a sack, and
   then lie still, and the second shut rang
   in my ears, fired by the man Dan from
   across the fire and aimed at me. But
   truly, it was fated that Dan should go
   first of these two who remained with
   us of his side, as Farrell had called it,
   and it was I who was fated to do the
   deed. Let me put it in that way# I beg
   of you. Let me say “fated” in this in-
   stance. if in no other, for it is a terrible
   thing to slay a man. And then I saw
   what had befallen—after mv shot had
   gone home and Dan lay on his face
   where he had fallen—dead, with the
   light o'f morning, of a new day, just
   quivering up the eastern sky, and ma-
   king the thing more ghastly.

Farrell Mid he must have quietly
whispered over their plan where they
lay—to make a sudden joint attack upon
! us. Dan's part had evidently been to
put an end to Larry^ and to me, while
; Farreii attended to Apache Kid; for
I there was Farrell now with a revolver

•	in each hand, and both were held to
j Apache’s Kid’s head.

At hearing my shot, for a moment
Farrell glanced round, and, seeing that
| Dan had failed in his attempt, he cried
I out: “If you move. I kill Apache Kid
i here, right off. Mind now! I kill him

■	—and let the Lost Cabin Mine slide.

*	We'll see who’s boss o’ this round-up!”
     And then it suddenly struck me as

  strange that they had not reckoned on
  the other two who were with us—Mr.
  Pinkerton and the half-breed. Even as
  I was then considering their daring,
  there came a moan from beside me. I
  flung round at the sound, and there lay
  Pinkerton with his hand to his breast.
  Yes; I understood now. That sound
  that woke me was not of one shot; it
  was two—Dan’s first shot at Larry, and
  Farrell's at Mr. Pinkerton. But what
  of the half-breed? I bent to Mr. Pink-
  erton and, with my hand under his neck,

said: “Oh, Mr. Pinkerton! Mr. Pink-
erton! Oh. Mr. Pinkerton! can I do
anything for you ?”

  He looked upon me with his kind
eyes, full of the last haze now, and
gasped : “My girl! My girl! You will

-” and he leaned heavy in my arms.

  “I will sec to her," ^aid I. “Oh. sir!
tins you have got for us. It is through
us that this has happened. I will see
that she never wants.”

  These or some words such as these I
spoke—for I never could rightly recall
the exact speech in looking back on that
sad affair.

  “You—you are all right, my son," he
said, “but if Apache Kid gets out o’

this—he's—he’s more fit like for-

  I saw his hand fumble again on his
breast, and thought it was in an attempt
to open his shirt; but then I caught the
agony in his eye, such as you may have
seen on a dumb man trying to make
himself understood and {ailing in the
attempt. Something of that look, but
more woful, more pifeoi: to see. \va-
on his face. ITe was trying to hold his
hand to me; when I took it, he smiled
and said:

 “You or Apache—Meg,” And that
was the last of this kindly and likable
man who had done so much for us.

  But what of the half-breed? Was he,
too, slain? Not so; but he was of a
more cunning race than I am sprung of.
When I laid back Mr. Pinkerton'- head
and again looked around, the half-breed
was gone from the place where he had
lain.

  There, on his belly almost, he was
creeping upon Farrell from the rear. To
me it seemed the maddest and-most for-
lorn undertaking.

  There was Farrell with the two re-
volvers held to Apache Kid s head, talk-
ing softly, too quietly for me to hear,
and Apache Kid replying in a low tone
without any attempt at rising. And
P'arrell cried out: "Nobody try to fire
on met At a shot I fire too! My fin-
gers is jest ready. I’m a desperate
man.”

  I crouched low, my breath held in
dread, my heart pounding in tnv side, at
long intervals, so that I thought it must
THE <PQPULA<% MAGAZINE '

needs burst. I did not even dare look
again at that crawling savage, lest Far-
rell might perhaps cast another such
quick glance as he had already bestowed
on me and, seeing flic direction of my
gaze, realize his danger.

  The result of such a discovery I
dared not imagine. There was enough
horror already, without addition. It
was just then that Donoghue gave a
queer little wheezing moatt and his eyes
opened; but even as 1 turned to him,
“crash !” went a shot anti 1 spun round,
a cry on my lips; and there lay Apache
Kid, as T hail seen him before Dono-
ghue’s voice called me away from ob-
serving him. But now. lie had clutched
Farrell's right wrist in what must have
been a mighty sudden movement, and
was pushing it from him. He had
leaped sidewise a little way, but with-
out attempting to rise.

  There, thrusting away, in a firm
grasp, the hand that held the smoking
weapon, he still looked up in Farrell's
eye, the other revolver before him so
that he must have looked fairly intoit.

  “You durn fool!” said Farrell. “You
think I didn’t mean what I said? Well,
let me tell you that I run no. more
chances. Oh! you needn't grasp this
arm so fierce. I don't have to use it.
But. Apache Kid, Fm goin' to kill you
now. I reckon that that there Lost
Cabin ain't for any of us—-not for you,
for sure. Are you ready?”

  “Quite ready,” I heard Apache Kid
say, his voice as loud as Farrell's now,
but more exultant still, it horrified me
to hear his voice so callous as he looked
on death. I wondered if now I should
not risk a shot as a last hope to save
him.

  “There, then!" cried Farrell.

  But there followed only the metallic
tap of the hammer—no report, only that
steely click; and before one could well
know what had happened, Apache Kid
was the man on top. shoving Farrell’s
head down in the sand, but still clutch-
ing Farrell's right wrist and turning
aside that hand that held the weapon
which, m his first sudden movement,
had sent its bullet into the sand beside
Apache.

  “You goat!” cried Apache Kid.
“When you intend to use two guns, see
that they both are loaded, or else don’t
hold the one that you’ve fired the last

from right in front of-” lie broke'

off and flung up his head, like a wolf
baying, and laughed.

  He was a wxird sight then, his face
blackened from the shot he had evaded.
But by this time, 1 need hardly tell you,

I was by his side, helping to hold down
the writhing Farrell—and ihe half-
breed brought us the lariat from his
horse and we trussed Farrell up, hands
and feet, and then stood up. And as
we turned from him there was Dono-
ghue sitting up with a foolish look on
his face and the blood trickling on his
brow; and, pointing a hand, at us, he
cried out: “Come here, •some o' you
sons-o’-guns, and tie up my head a bit
so I kin git up and see his hangin’ afore
I die.”

  Farrell w'rithed afresh in his bonds
as he heard Donoghue's cry, and in a
voice in which there seemed nothing hu-
man, Ik roared: “What! is that feller
Donoghue not killed?”

  “No, sir!” Donoghue replied, his
head falling and liis chin on his breast,
but eyes looking up.

  With the blood running into them
from under his ragged eyebrows: “No,
sjr—after you!” lie cried, and he let
out that hideous oath that 1 had heard
him use once before, but cannot permit
myself to write or any man to read.

CHAPTER -XYI.

SOUNDS I* THE FOREST.

  We hanged Farrell in the morning,
for he had broken the compact and he
was a murderer. And we laid Pink-
erton to his rest in the midst of the
plain, with a cairn of stones to mark
the spot.

  Let that suffice. As for these two
things you may readily understand 1
have no heart to write. And indeed, it
would be a depraved taste that would
desire to read of them in detail. 1
know you are not of those who will
blame me for this reticence.
LOST CABIN MINE

209

  When I told Apache Kid of Mr.
Pinkerton’s last words he was greatly
moved, as I could see, though he kept
a calm front, and he told the half-
breed, who left us then, to convey to
Miss Pinkerton our united sympathy
with a promise that we would visit her
immediately on our return from our ex-
pedition.

  Then we set out again, a melancholy
company, as you will understand,
Apache Kid and I carrying all the pro-
visions that lie thought lit to take along
with us; for Donoghue was too light-
headed to be burdened with any load,
and lurched along beside us as we made
toward the hiils that closed in the plain
to north, lurched along with the red
handkerchief around his head and sing-
ing snatches of song now and again.
The bullet had plowed a furrow along
the side of his head, and though the
bleeding had stopped he was evidently
mentally affected by the wound.

  It was drawing near nightfall again
when we came to the end of this seem-
ing cul-de-sac of a valley, and the hills
on either side drew closer to us.

  Before us now as we mounted,
breathing heavily-, up the incline we saw
the woods, all the trees standing mo-
tionless, and already we could look well
into the hazy blue deep of that place.

  “I have been here before,” said
Apache, “but not much farther. W'e
thought we might have to push clear
through this place and try what luck
there was in getting a shelter beyond.
They pushed us very close that time,”
he said meditatively. But so absently
did he speak this that, though I could
not make any guess as to who it was
that was “pushing” him “close” and
who was with him on that perilous oc-
casion, I forbore to question.

  You have seen men in that mood
yourself. I am sure, speaking more to
the air than to you.

  He turned about at the entering into
the wood and we looked down on the
plain stretching below us. A long while
he gazed with eyelids puckered, scan-
ning the shelving and stretching ex-
panse.

  “Two parties have followed us,” he

said in a whisper almost “God grant
there be 110 more, else when we ga the
wealth that lies in store for us we shall
hardly be able to enjoy it for thinking
of all it has cost us. It has been the
death of one good man already,” he
added. “Ah, well! There is no sign
of any mortal there. We must push on
through this wilderness before us.”

  He stopped again and considered,
Donoghue rocking impotent and dazed
beside us.

  “I wonder where Canlan is to-night.”
he said, and then we plunged into the
woods.

  If the silence of the plain had been
intense, we were now to know a silence
more august. I think it was our envir-
onment then that made Apache Kid
speak in that whisper. There was some-
thing in this deep wood before us that
hushed our voices. I think it was the
utter lack of even the faintest twitter
of any bird where it seemed fitting that
birds should be, that influenced us then
almost unconsciously. Our very tread
fell echoless in the dust of ages there,
the fallen needles and cones of many
and many an undisturbed year. It was
with a thrill that I found that we had
suddenly come upon what looked like a
path of some kind. Apache Kid was
walking first, Donoghue following, the
knotted ends of the handkerchief stick-
ing out comically at the back of his head
under his hat.

  “You see. we’re onto a trail now.”
said Apache Kid, as he trudged along.
“You never strike a trail just at the
entrance into a place like this. Travel-
ers who have passed here at various
times, you see, come into the wood at all
sorts of angles, where the trees are thin.
But after one gets into the wood a bit
and the trees get thicker, in feeling
about for a passage you find where
some one has been before you and you
take the same way. A week, or a month,
or a year later some one else comes
along and he follows you. This trail
here, for all that you can see the print
of a horse’s hoof here and there on it,
may not have been passed over this year
by any living soul. 1 here may not
have been any one here since I was here
210

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE

last myself, three years ago—yes. that
print there may be the print of my own
horse’s hoof, for I remember how the
rain drenched that day. charging
through the pass here and dripping
from the pines and trickling through
all the woods."

  “It is a pass, then?’ said I.

  “Oh, yes," Vie explained. “It is what
is called, in the language of the coun-
try, a buck's trail. That does not mean,
as I used to think, an Indian trail. It
is the slang word lor a priest. You
find these buck's trails all over the coun-
try. They were made by the priests
who came lip from old Mexico to evan-
gelize and convert the red heathen of
the land. I think these old priests must
have been regular wander-fever men
to do it. Think of it, man. cutting a
way through these woods. Aha! See,
there’s a blaze on a tree there. You
can scarcely make it out, though; it’s
been rained upon and snowed upon and
blown upon so long, year in. year out.
Turn about, now that we arc past it,
and you see the blaze on this side. Per-
haps the old man made that himself,
standing back from the tree and swing-
ing his" ax and saying to himself : ’If
this leads me nowhere. I shall at least
be able to find my way back plain
enough.’ Well! It’s near here some-
where that I stopped that time, three
years ago. Do you make out the
sound of any water trickling?’’

  We stood listening; but there was no
sound save that of our breathing, and
then suddenly a “tap, tap. tap" broke
out loud in the forest, so that it startled
me at the moment, though next mo-
ment I knew it was the sound of a busy
woodpecker.

  We moved on a little farther, and
then Apache Kid cried out in joy:

  “Aha! Here we are! See the clear
bit down there where the trees thin
out?”

  We pushed our* way forward to
where, through the growing dusk of the
woods, there glowed between the trunks
a soft green, seeming very bright after
the dark, rusty green of these motion-
less trees.

  “There isn’t much elbow-room round

about us here to keep off the wildcats,’*
said Apache Kid, looking round into the
forest as we stepped forth into this
oasis and found there a tiny spring with
a teacupful of water in its hollow.

  The little trickle that went from it
seemed just to spread out ami lose it-
self almost immediately _jn the earth;
but it served our purpose, and here we
camped.

  Donoghue had been like a dazed man
since morning, but now, after the strong
tea, he was greatly refreshed and had
his wits collected sufficiently to suggest
that we should keep watch that night,
lest another party were following us
up. He also washed the wound in his
forehead, and, finding it bleeding afresh
after that, pricked what he called the
“pimples" from a fir-tree, and with ihe
sap exuding therefrom stanched the
bleeding again, and I suppose used one
of the best possible healers in so doing.

  That there were wildcats in the woods
there was no doubt. They screamed
half the night, with a sound like weep-
ing infants, very dolorous to hear.
Apache Kid took the first watch. Dono-
ghue the second, and I the third. I was
to waken them at sunrise, and alter
Donoghue shook me up and I sat by the
glowing lire, I remember the start with
which I Saw, after a space, as 1 sat
musing of many things, a^ one will
muse in such surroundings, two gleam-
ing eyes looking into mine out of the
woods—just the eyes, upright ovals
with a green light, turning suddenly
into horizontal ovals and changing color
to red as 3 became aware of them.

  We were generally careful to make
our fire of such wood as would flame,
or glow, without shedding out sparks
that might burn our blankets: but some
such fuel had been put on the fire that
night, and it suddenly crackled up then
and sent forth a shower of sparks. And
at tiiat the eyes disappeared. I flicked
the sparks off my sleeping comrades
and then sat musing again, looking up
on the stars and alternately into the
darkness of the woods and into the glow
of the lire, and suddenly I saw all
along the forest a red line of light
spring to life.
LOST CABIN MINE

211

  I saw it climb the stems of trees far
through the wood and run up to the
branches. A forest fire, thought I to
myself, and wondered if our danger
was great in that place. I snuffed the
air. There was certainly the odor of
burning wood, but that might have
been from our camp-fire alone, and
there was also the rich, unforgettable
odor of the balsam.

  Cut so greatly did the line of fire
increase and glow- that I stretched forth
my hand and touched Donoghue upon
the shoulder. He started up, and, fol-
lowing the pointing of my finger,
glared a moment through the spaces of
tiie forest. Then he dropped back again.

  “It is the dawn," he said, and drew
the blankets over his head. “Wake me
in another hour.”

  But I sat broad-awake, my heart
glowing with a kind of voiceless wor-
ship, watching that marvelous dawn.
It spread more slowly than I would
have imagined possible, taking tree by
tree, running left and right, and creep-
ing forward like an advancing army;
and then suddenly the sky overhead
was full of a quivering, pale light, and
in the dim blue pool of the heavens the
stars went out. But no birds sang to
the new day, only I heard again the
tap-tap of a woodpecker echoing about
through the woods.

  So I filled the can with water, which
was a slow process at that very tiny
spring, and mixed the flour ready for
the flapjacks and then woke my com-
rades.

  I must not weary you, however, re-
counting hour by hour as it came. I
have other things to tell you of than
these—matters regarding hasty hot-
blooded man in place of a chronicle of
slow, benignant nature.

  On the journey of this day we came,
very soon to what seemed to be the
“height of land" in that part, and de-
scending on the other side came into a
place of swamp where the mosquitoes
assaulted us in clouds. So terribly did
they pester us that on the midday
camp, while Apache Kid made ready
our tea—for eatables we did with a
cold flapjack apiece, having made an

extra supply at breakfast, so as to save
time at noon—I employed myself in
switching him about the head’ with a
leafy branch in one hand, while with
the other I drove off another cloud of
these pests that made war upon me.

  No sooner had we the tea ready
than we put clods and wet leave- upon
the fire, raising a thick smoke, a
“smudge,” as it is called, and sitting in
the midst of that protecting haze we
partook of our meal, coughing and
spluttering, it is true; but the smoke
in the eyes and throat was a mere noth-
ing to the mosquito nuisance.

  I think that for the time being the
mosquitoes spurred us forward as much
as did our fear of being forestalled in
our quest. Mounting higher on our
left where a cold wind blew, instead of
dipping down into the next wooded val-
ley, we found peace at last. As we
tramped along on this crest, where our
view was no longer cramped, where at
last wre could see more than the 110:1
knoll before us or the next abyss of
w-oods, 1 noticed Apache constantly
scanning the country a< though he was
trying to take his bearings.

  Donoghue, who was now more like
his rational, or irrational self, so>
seemed to waken up to his surround-
ings, and fell to the same employ.

  It was to the valley westward, now
that we were upon the ridge, that they
directed their attention. Donoghue,
his loose jaw hanging, his teeth biting
on his lips, posted on ahead of us and
suddenly he stopped, stood revealed
against the blue peak of the mountain
on whose ridge we now traveled, in an
attitude that "bespoke some discovery.
He was on a little eminence of the
mountain’s shoulder, a treeless mound
where boulders of granite stood about
in gigantic ruin, with other granite out-
posts dotted down the hill into the midst
of the trees, which stood there small
and regular, just as you see them in a
new plantation at home. He shaded
his eyes from the light looked finally
satisfied, and then sat down to await
our coming.

  Apache stepped forward more brife-
ly; quick and eager we trotted up the
212

THE <PO(PL LAV MAGAZINE

rise where Donoghue merely pointed
into the valley that had now for over
an hour been so eagerly scanned. There,
far off, among the green forest bottom,
the leaden yray glint ot a lake showed
among the wearisome woods.

  “Ah! WVll have a smoke-up," said
Apache, with an air of relief. So we
sat down on our blanket-rolls in the
sunlight. There was a gleam in my
companions' eyes, a look of expectation
on their faces, and after that "smoke-
up” Apache spoke with a determined
voice, dropping Ills cigarette-end and
tramping it with his heel

   "We camp at that lake to-night,” said
he.

  “To-night?” said 1, in astonishment,
for it seemed to me a monstrous length

lo	go before nightfall; blit he merely
nodded his head vehemently, and said
again: “To-night,” and then after a
pause: “We lose time,” said he, “there
may be others,” and we rose to our
feet.

  “We couldn't camp up here, any-
how,” said Donoghue, looking round.

   It was truly a weird sight there, for
we could see so many valleys now, hol-
lows, gulches, clefts in the chaos of the
mountains; here, white masts of trees
all lightning-struck on a blasted knoll;
there, a rocky cut in the face of the
landscape like a monstrous scar; at an-
other place a long-toothed ridge that
must have broken many a storm in its
day. Besides, already, though it was
but afternoon, a keen, icy-cold wind
ran like a draft there and the voice of
the wind rose and died in our ears
from somewhere in that long, rocky
backbone, with a sound like a railway-
train going by; and so it would arise
and cease again, and then cry out else-
where in a voice of lamentation, low
and mournful.

  Apache Kid was looking round and
round, his eyes wide and bright.

   “I should like to see this in winter,*’
said he, “when leaves fall and cold
winds come."

  ‘‘There’s no mortal man ever saw
this in winter.” said Donoghue, “and
no man ever will."

   I saw Apache Kid linger, and look on

that terrible and awesome landscape,
with a half-frightened fondness; and
then he cast one more glance at the
leaden gray of the lake below and an-
other at a peak on our right and, his
bearings thus in mind, led the way
downward into that dark and forbid-
ding valley.

   I shall never forget the journey down
to that lake.

   Winding here, winding there, using
the ax frequently as the thin trees I
mentioned were passed and we entered
the virgin forest below, close and
tangled, we worked slowly down-hill;
and it was with something of pleasure
that we came at last again onto what
looked like a trail through the forest.

  We were on the track of the in-
domitable “buck" again. 1 thought. Iiut
it was not so. His trail had kept direct-
ly on upon the hill, Apache Kid told
me.

   “I thought you saw it from the knoll
there," he said, and then with a queer
look on his face, "but you can’t go back
now' to look on it. Man, do you know
lhat a hunger takes me often to go
back and see iu-t such places as lhat
on the summit there ? 1 take an abso-
lute dread that I must die without ever
seeing them again. There are places I
cannot allow myself to think of lest that
comes over me that forces-—yes, forces
—me to go back again for one look
more. I love a view like that more than
ever any man loved a woman.

  Donoghue looked round to me and
touched his forehead and shook his
head gently.

   “Rathouse," he said; “crazy as ever

they make ’em.*'

  “But this is a trail we have come
onto, sure enough," I said.

   My companions looked at it quietly
and I noticed how they both at once
unslung their Winchesters from their
shoulders, for Donoghue had again
taken his share of our burdens.

  "Not exactly a trail, said Apache
Kid. “at least, neither an Indian’s trail
nor a buck’s trail this time. What was

that, Donoghue?"

   A sharp crack, as of a branch broken
near us. came distinctly to our cars.
LOST CABIN MINE

213

     Donoghue did not answer directly
  but said instead:

     “You.walk first: let Francis here in
   the middle. I’ll come last/’ and Dono-
   ghue dropped behind me.

    Apache nodded and we started on
  our way.

     Neither to left nor right could we
   see beyond a few feet, so close did the
   underbrush whelm the way.

     The sound of our steps in the still-
   ness was more eery than ever to my
   ear>. 1 felt that 1 should go barefoot
   here by right, soundless, stealthy,
   watching every foot of the way for a
   lurking death in the bushes.

    “Crack,” sounded again a broken
  branch on our left.

    “Well," said Apache softly—I was
  treading almost on his heels and Dono-
  ghue was close behind me—“twigs don’t
  snap of their own accord like that in
  midsummer."

     We kept on, however, not hastening
  our steps at all, but at the same even,
  steady pace and suddenly again in the
  stillness—‘‘Crack P

     Again a branch or twig had snapped
  near-by in the thick woods through
  which we could not see.

CHAPTER XVII.

THE COM INQ OF MIKE CAN LAN.

     1 here was a cold shiver ran in my
   spine at that second crack, for it was
   fearsome to know that some live thing,
   man or bea*it, -was following us up
   through the bushes.

     ‘‘It’s a lion, sure thing,” Donoghue
   said behind me, ‘‘and it's goin’ at this
   stalking of us darned careless, too. I
   wisht we could ge{ to a clear place and
   give him a chance to show himself.”

     “Lion?” asked I. astonished.

     “Yes—panther, that is,” said Apache
   Kid.

     "In the phraseology of the country,
| that is," I suggested.

L Apache looked over his shoulder at
  me.

     “You are pretty cool tor a tender-
   foot," he remarked. "This is a bad
   spot for us to be stalked by a beast

like that. Let me come behind now,
Larry.” lie continued. “We arc- getting
to a clear place, I think, and lie mav
spring before we get out.”

  “Not you,” said Larry. “Just vou go
on ahead and let the lad keep "in be-
tween.”

  Here the bushes thinned out consid-
erably and when we reached this opened
part Donoghue bade us walk straight
on.

  ‘‘Don't look back,” said he. “Let him
think we don t know lie’s followin'.
Give him a chance to cross th.i n
glade. We'll stop just inside them
farther trees, and if he shows himself
there, we’ll get him then, sure thing.
What between men and beasts we cut-
tingly have been followed up some tlv-
trip, and T’m gcttin’ tired of it. T1 n
here followin’ up has got to end."

  But though we carried out Dono-
ghue’s suggestion, crossing the open
space, entering again on the path where
it continued down-hill in the fore t
again, and halting there, the ‘'lion” did
not show himself.

  It was here, while standing a little
space, waiting for the panther’s appear-
ance, if panther it was that shadowed
us, that Apache Kid pointed a finger at
the ground before us. where a tiny
trickle of water, in crossing the path,
made it muddy and moist.

  “See the deer marks?” he whispered,
“Neat, aren't they? This, you see, is a
game trail from the hills down to the
lake-" •

  “No good,” broke in Donoghue. “He
ain't going to show himself."

  So we passed on, and soon the way
became more precipitous; the under-
brush cleared : the trees thinned ; and in
a jog trot we at last went rattling down
the final incline and came r:yht our with
the impetus of that run upon the open
ground around the lake, though of the
lake itself, now that we were at its
level, we could discern little—only tiny
grav glimpses, so closely was it
thronged about by rushes and they so
tall. '	•

  A thousand frogs were singing, ma-
king quite a din in our ears, so pent in
was the sound in that cuplike hollow.
214

THE <PO<PUU1<R MAGAZINE

But wearv as we were, we rejoiced to
have come to our desired camp and soon
were sitting fed and contented round
the fire.

  Of all our camps so far this seemed
to me the most secure. Consequently,
it horrified me a little when Apache Kid
remarked, taking his cigarette from his
lips :

  “Where do you think Canlan will be

to-night ?”

  Donoghue considered the burning

Io£\

  “Oh ! Allowing for him getting on
to us pulling out. even the day after
we left, and allowing for him starling
out right then, he can't be nigher here
than a day's journey, coming into the
country the way he would do it—over
the shoulder of Mount Baker and in
that ways."

  "lie'll be over behind there, then,”
said Apache, pointing; “right over that
ridge, sitting by his lonesome camp and
perhaps half a dozen fellows dogging
him up too, eh?”

  “Like enough,” said Donoghue; ‘‘but
he’s accustomed to bein’ dogged up.”

  “Those who live in glass houses-”

remarked Apache Kid. with a laugh
that had no real merriment in the ring
of it.

  Donoghue raised his eyes to Apache’s
across the fire and laughed back. And
they both seemed to fall into a reverie
after these words. Presently Apache
Kid snorted and seemed to fling the
thoughts aside that had been occupying
him. But anon he fell brooding again,
biting on his lip and closing an eye to
the glow.

  It was after one such long, medita-
tive gazing into the glowing and leap-
ing embers that he spoke lo me. and
with such a ring in his voice- as caused
me to look upon him with a new in-
terest. The tone of the voice, it seemed
to me, hinted at some deep thought.

  “Where do you come from, Francis?”
he asked. “What is your nationality?”

  “Why, I'm a cosmopolitan.” said I,
half smiling, as one is prone to do when
a man asks.him some trivial matter with
a voice as serious as though he spoke
of strange things.

   Yes; we all are,” said Apache Kid.
putting aside my lightness.

   I le mused again, plucking his finger-
knuckles, and then turned an eye to
Donoghue, who was already surveying
him under his watchful brows.

   “Shall I tell him?” he asked.

  “Tell him what?” said Donoghue,
looking uncomfortable, 1 thought, as'
though this mood <»f his partner's was
one he did not relish.

  “Tell him what we are—how we live
—all that ?“

  From Apache to me and back again
Donoghue glanced, and then: “Oh!
tell, it you like, said he. 'There won't
no harm come from telling him. He’s
safe. He's all right, is Francis.”

   Again there was a pause.

   “Well,” said Apache Kid finally, end-
ing l.:s reverie. “The fact i.» that we—
Donoghue and I—except upon occasion,
when we want to make some sort of a
character for ourselves, to show a visi-
ble means of support—the fact is, we
are-"

   “Spit it out," said Donoghue. “Spit
it out. It ain't everybody has the cour-
age to do it.”

   I considered what was coming.

   “The fact is," said Apache Kid. “we
are what they call in this country road-
agents—make our living by holding up
stage-coaches and-”

  “By gum! we've held up more nor
stage-coaches." cried Donoghue. and
began fumbling in an inner pocket with
eager fingers.

  “And banks," said Apache Kid. ga-
zing on me to see the effect of this dis-
closure.

   Donoghue stretched across to me. his
loose face gleaming with a kind of jov.

  “Read that." he said. “Read what
that says.” and he handed me a long
newspaper cutting.

   What I read on the cutting was:

Darin*.; Hollvii* on the A. T. & S. F.

Route. The Twosome Gang
Again at Work.

   “That’s us,” said Donoghue, gloat-
ing. “It reads pretty good, but Apache
here says there ain’t no sense in the
LOST CA<BIN MINE

215

headin’ about the twosome gang—says
them journalist boys is no good. Seems
to me a right slick notice—that’s us.
anyway.”

  Apache Kid seemed disturbed, an-
noyed.

   “Well! what do you think?7' he said,
 fixing me with bis eye.

   ‘‘I’m sorry,*’ said I.

  Donoghue threw' back his head and
laughed.

  “It's not the right sort of way to
live?” said Apache Kid, questioning-
ly. “You know I can make out a fine
case in its defense.”

  “Yes,” I replied. “I have no doubt
you could, and that’s just what rflakes
me all the more sorry to think of your
doing this. Still, I feel that your hav-
ing told me prevents my stating an
opinion.”

  "If some one else had told-‘ he

 began.

  “Then I might speak,” said I.

  “Should it not be the other way
about?” he asked, half smiling.

   “Perhaps it should,” said I. “But if
 you honor me by telling me, it is enough
 for me just to say I am sorry. Would
 you have me preach?”

   He looked on me with great friendli-
 ness.

   “I understand the sentiment,” said he.
 “Buc I should like you to preach, if you
 wish.”

   “Well,” said I, “I have no doubt you
 could, with the brains 3'ou have and
 your turn for sophistry, make out a
 very entertaining defense for such a
 life. ‘Murder as a fine art,’ you know
 and——”

  “Murder?” asked Donoghue; but
Apache Kid silenced him with a ges-
ture. and I continued:

  “But neither you nor those who
heard your defense could treat it other-
wise than as a piece of airy and mis-
placed, misdirected wit, on a par with
your misplaced love of adventure.”

   He nodded at that part, and his face
 cleared a little.

  “That but makes me all the more

sorry,” said I. “to know you are-”

 I paused. “A parasite!” 1 blurted out.

  “Parasite!” he cried; and his hand

 flew down to his holster, wavered, and
 fell soundless on his crossed legs.

  It was the first time he had looked
on me in anger.

  “What's parasite?” a^ked Donoghue.
  “A louse,” said Apache Kid.

  “Hell!” drawded Donoghue, and
glanced at me. “You need lookin’
after.”

  “There are parasites and parasites,”
said I. “In this case it is more like
these deer-lice we came by in the for-
est.”

  We had suffered from these, but I
have not said anything of them, for it
is not pleasant.

  “W ell,” drawled Donoghue, “they are
fighters, anyway, they are. You kind
o’ respect them.”

  Apache Kid smiled.

  *r¥es,” he said, in a low voice, “it's
the right word, nevertheless.”
Donoghue jeered.

  “Waal! Here's where I come in!
Here’s the beauty of*not being educa-
ted to big words nor what they mean,
nor bein’ able to follow a high-toned
talk except the way a man follow * a
poor-blazed trail.”

  Apache surveyed him with interest
for a moment and then again turning to
me he heaved a little sigh and said:

  “I wonder if you would do something
for me after we get through with this
expedition. If I were to give you a lit-
tle wad of bills, enough for a year’s
holiday at home, I wonder if you'd go
and take a squint at the house where
my folks lived when I left home; find
out if they are still there, and il not,
trace them up. You’d need to promise
me not to let that sentimental side of
you run away with you. \ ou d need to
promise not to go and tell them I m
alive; for I’m sure they have given me
up for dead years ago and mourned the
allotted space of time that men and
women mourn—and forgotten. It would
only be opening fresh wounds to hear
of me. They have grieved for my
death: I would not have them mourn
for my life. But I—well. I sometimes
wonder. You understand what I mean

and-”

  “Watch your eye!” roared Donoghue.
216

THE '■POPULAR MAGAZINE

“Watch your-’’ but a shot out of the

forest sent him flying along the ground,
he having risen suddenly and stretched
for his rifle.

  Instead of clutching ii he went far
beyond, plowing the earth with his out-
stretched hands; and right on the first
report came a second and Apache cried:

“Oh r

  He sagged down all in a heap, but I
Hung round for my revolver—the Win-
chester 1 had had no practise with. I
heard the quick dull plod of running
feet and before I could get my finger
on my weapon a voice was bellowing
out:

  “Don’t shoot, man : don't shoot! It's
Canlan : Mike Canlan. You ain't hos-
tile to Mike Canlan.”

  I wheeled about, and there he was
trailing his smoking rifle in his left
hand and extending his right to me;
Mike Canlan, little Mike Canlan with
the beady eyes, the parchmentlike,
pockmarked face, and the boy’s body.

  Had my revolver been to hand, he
had been a dead man, I verily believe—
he or I. As it was 1 leaped on him
crying:

  “Murderer! Murderer!”

  Down came my fist on his head and
at the jar his rifle fell from his grasp.
The next stroke took him on the lips,
sending him backward. I pounded him
till my arms were wearv, he lying there
with his faded, pockmarked face and
his colorless eyes dancing in pain and
crying out: “Let up ! Let up, you fool 1
We ain’t hostile. It’s Canlan!” lie
cried, between blows. “Mike Canlan.”
At last I did "let up” and stood back
from him.

  He sat up and wiped the blood from
his mouth and spat out a tooth.

  ‘‘Ah, lad,” he said, “here’s a fine way
to repay me for savin' your life. Think
1 couldn't have laid you out stark and
stiff there aside them two?”

  My gorge rose to hear him talk thus.
“Easy I could have done it.” he went
on, “but I didn’t. And why?”

  He sidled to me on his hams without
attempting to rise, and held up a finger
to me.

  “Why, lad, you saved my life once, so

1 spared yours this blessed night. That’s
me, that's Mike Canlan. And see here,

lad, von and me now-”

  “Silence!” I cried, drawing back
from his touch, as he crept nearer.

  I had seen murder done, of the most
horrible (find. 1 had seen a big-hearted,
sparkling-eyed man, not yet in his
prime, struck out of life in a moment.
What he was telling me of himself was
nothing to me now. I only knew that
I had come to like him and that he was
gone—slain by this little, insignificant
creature that you could not call a man.
And I had seen another man. whom I
did not altogether hate, sent to as sum-
mary an end. 1 held this man who
talked in the singsong voice at my feet
in horror, in loathing. I bent to feel
the heart of Apache Kid, for 1 thought
I saw a movement in his sun-browned

neck, as of a vein throbbing and-

  “Oh, they’re dead, dead and done
with,” cried Canlan. “If they wasn’t,
I'd shove another shot into each of 'em
just to make sure. But they're dead
men, for Canlan killed 'em.

  “If they wasn't, I’d shove another
shot into each of them!”

  The words rang in my ears with
warning. I had just been on the point
of trying to raise Apache Kid: a cry of
joy was almost on my lips to think that
life was not extinct: but the words
warned me and I turned about.

  “He’s dead, ain’t her” said Canlan,
and I lied to him.

  “Yes." I replied. “He is dead, and

as for you-”

  “As for me—nothing!” said Canlan,
ami he looked along his gleaming barrel
at where my heart fluttered in my
breast.

  “You and me.” said he. "has to come
to terms right now. Oh! I don’t disre-
spec' you none for not takin kindly to
this. ’I like you all the better for it
But think of what vou’ve fallen into all
through me. Here’s half shares in the
Lost Cabin Mine for you now instead
of a paltry third—half shares, my lad.
How does that catch you?”

  I was not going to tell him the terms
I was here on. but I said:
LOST CA<B1N MINE

217

  ‘Tut down your rifle then, and let us
talk it over.'*

  “Come, now, that’s better," said Can-
lan cheerily; but I noticed that a nerve
in his left cheek kept twitching oddly as
he spoke, and his head gave constant
nervous jerks left and right, like a man
shaking flies away from him, and he
sniffed constantly, and 1 think was
quite unaware that he did so. But I
did not wonder at his nervousness after
such a heinous deed as he had per-
formed that evening.

CHAPTER XVIII.

THE LOST CABIN IS FOUND.

  “Come, come,” said Canlan, suddenly,
with an access of the facial twitching
and another sudden jerking of his head.
“If them's your blankets, pack ’em up
and let's git out o' this, back to my
camp the other side of the lake.”

  I thought it as well to obey him, for
if either of these men yet lived and
should by any fortune emit as much as
a moan, I knew that Canlan would
make a speedy end then. If they lived,
the best 1 could do for them was to
leave them.

  And yet there was another thing that
1 might do—snatch up one of the re-
volvers and straightway mete out jus-
tice—no less—upon this murderer.

  But he was on the alert and shoved
his W inchester against my neck as I
stooped, tying my blankest-roll, with my
eyes surreptitiously measuring the dis-
tance to the nearest weapon.

  “See here," he said, “I can't be run-
nin’ chances with you. I’ve let you off
already, but I can't be givin’ you.
chances to kill me now. Funny thing
it would be for me to let you oft' for
having saved my life once, and then
you turn round and plug me now. Eh?
That would be a skin kind of a game to
play on a man. If that’s your gun layin’
there with the belt, you can buckle on
the belt but keep your hands off the
gun, or I gets tired o’ my kindness.
See ?”

  lie snarled the last word at me, and
over my shoulder I saw the leer on his

gray face as he spoke. So I packed my
blankets without more ado and buckled
on my belt, with the revolver in its
holster hanging from it, and at Can-
lan’s suggestion took also a bag of flour
with me.

  “I guess there ain't no call to see
what them two has in their pocket" by
way of dough,” said he. “We don’t
have no need for feelin’ in dead men’s
pockets now—you and me,” and he
winked and laughed a dry, crackling,
nervous laugh, and stooped to lift "a
torch from our fire.

  With this raised in his hand he
whirled about on me and said: “Now
remember, I trusts you,” and led off at
a brisk pace from the trodden circle of
the camp-fire. He hail the tail of his
eye on me, and I followed at once.

  We skirted the lake, keeping under
the trees, the torch sending the twisted
shadows flying before us and bringing
them up behind; and just at the bend
of the lake I looked back ai that camp,
and it brought to my mind the similar,
or almost similar, scene 1 had witnessed
in the place of smoldering tumps be-
hind Camp Kettle.

  We plodded round the m:\end of
this little lake, and then a horse whin-
nied in the gloom, and. “Here we are.”
cried Canlan, and stooping he thrust
the torch into the embers of the fire he
had evidently haa there and trodden
out suddenly. He kicked it together
again, and soon the flames were leaping
up vigorously. Then he turned and
looked on me.

  “Well,” said he, "you and your
friends must ha* traveled pretty quick.
Clever lads! Clever lads! Did you
know that you was gom to try and
spoil Mike Canlan *s game diat day 1
gave you good-by at Baker City.- ’

  “Not I.” I replied. "I did not know
then that vou knew the secret."

  “Ah, well, I did! Clever lad Apache
thought himself, I guess, siinkin away
down to Camp Kettle and cuttin’ in that
ways. Well. I ain't surprised he took
that way. He knows it well. If all
stories is true, he's played hide-and-
seek in that same valley more nor once
with somebody after him."
218

THE <PO<PULA<R MAGAZINE

  He blinked on me, and then sniffed
twice, and suddenly pursed his lips and

said:

  “But that ain't here nor there. Are
you on to take my offer o’ lialf-shares

in thisr"

  The whole man was still loathsome to
me, and I cried out:

  ‘No. no! And would to Heaven I
had never heard of this horrible busi-
ness.”

  “W'cll,” drawled Canlan, “I'm get-
tin’ some tired o' havin' no sleep nights
for sittin’ listenin’ for fellers follerin'
me up. Not that they’d kill me in my
sleep. I guess I'm too preciouslike
for that. I’ve been keepin’ myself up

011	tanglefoot all the way in, but I
didn’t bring nigh enough for them
mountains, and it’s give out. It's give
out this last day and a night, and by
jiminy I'm gettin’ them again. I feel
’em cornin' on. It ain’t good for a man
like me wantin' nr tonic. Say,” and
his face twitched aga “I’m jest hold-
in’ myself together now by fair devil’s
desperation; when I get to the end o’
this journey I'm gettin’ some scared my

brain-pan will jest-’’ he stopped

abruptly and began on a fresh track:
“Well, it's natural, I guess. for you to
feel bad to-night, you bein’ partners o’
them fellers so recent. But you’ll be
better come morning. Say, if I lay
down and sleep you won't shoot me
sleepin’, eh?’’

  “I won’t do that/’ said I.

  “That’s a bargain, then.” he cried,
and before 1 could say another word lie
threw himself down beside the fire.

  He drew his hand over his brow and
showed me it wet.

  “That’s for wantin’ liquor,” he said.
“A man what don’t know the crave
can't understand it. I know what T
need, though. Sleep—that’s what I
need; ami I’m jest goin' to force myself
to sleep."

  I made no reply, but looked on him
as he lay, and perceived that his ghast-
ly'face was all clammy in the fire-glow
as he reclined in this attempt to steady
his unstrung nerves. For me. I sat on,
scarcely heeding the noises of the mid-
night forest. 1 heard a mud-turtle ever

and again, with that peculiar sound as
of a pump being worked. That was
a sound new to me. but the other cries
—of the wildcats—1 heeded little.

  Once or twice I thought of taking a
brand from the lire to light me round
to the camp across the* lake, that I
might discover whether indeed both my
friends were dead. But, as I turned
over this thought of return in my mind.
Canlan brought down his arms again
from above his head v\ here they had
lain relaxed, and, opening his eves,
rolled on his side and looked up at me.

  “Don’t you do it.” he said.

  “Do what?" 1 inquired.

  “What you was think in’ of,” he re-
plied.

  “And what was that ?"

  “You know,” he said, thickly and
grimly, “and I know. Two men alone
in the mountain- can’t ever hide their
thoughts from each other. Mind you
that!’’

  “What was I thinking of doing,
then?” I asked.

  “That’s all right,’’ he said. “You
can’t bluff me.”

  “Well, what then?” I cried, irritated.

  He sat up.

  “You was thinkin’ of goin’ right off,
right now. No, it wasn't to get in
ahead of me at the Cabin Mine. I'm
beginning to guess that Apache Kid
didn’t let you know so much as that.
But you was just feelin' so sick and
sorrvlike that you thought o' getting up
quiet and takin’ my boss there and-”

 He was watching my face as he
spoke, peeting up at me and sniffing.
With a kick he got the fire into a blaze,
but without taking his eyes from me.
Then, "No, you wasn’t thinkin' that,
either," he said, in a voice as of disap-
pointment that his power of mind-read-
ing seemed at fault.

  “Denied if 1 dew know what you
was thinkin’,” he acknowledged. “Oh,
you’re deeper than most,' he went on.
“but I'll get to know you yet. Yes,
siree: I’ll see right through you yet."

  He lav down after this vehement
talk, as though exhausted, wiping the
sweat from his brow where it gleamed
in the little furrows of leathery skin.
LOST CABIN MINE

  In the deft of lus chin I noticed one
  bead, that evaded his hand, gather and
  drop. He was not a pretty man, 1 as-
  sure you.

    A feeling as of pride came over me
  to think that this evil man was willing
  to take my word that I would not med-
  dle him in his sleep, as I saw him close
  his eyes once more—this time really
  asleep, I think.

    But to attempt to return to Apache
  Kid’s camp I now was assured in my
  mind would be a folly. At a merest
  movement of mine Canlan might
  awaken, and if he suspected that I en-
  tertained a hope of at least one of my
  late companions being alive, he might
  himself be shaken in his belief in the
  deadly accuracy of his aim.

    I pictured him waking to find me
I stealing away to Apache’s camp and
stealthily following me up. I even pic-
| tured oijr arrival at the farther shore
' —the still glowing fire, both my com-
^ panions sitting up bleeding and dazed
[ and trying to tend each other. Canlan
E marching up to them while they were
still in that helpless predicament and
blowing their brains from his Winches-
r ter's mouth. So I sat still where I was
and eventually dozed a little myself, till
i morning came to the tree-tops and
! slipped down into the valley and glowed
down from the sky, and then Canlan
awoke fairly and stretched himself and
yawned a deal and moaned, “God, God,
God !”—three times.

    And T thought to myself that this
  reptile of a man might well cry on God
  on waking that morning.

    Neither he nor I. each for our own
  reasons, ate any breakfast. My belong-
  ings I allowed him to pack on his horse
  with his own. so that I might not be
  burdened with them, the chance of a
  tussle with Canlan being still in my
  mind. Then, after we had extin-
  guished the fire, a thought came to me.
  It was when I saw that he was going
  to strike directly up-hill through the
  forest that I scented an excuse to get
  back to my comrades. True, my hope
  that they lived was now pretty nigh at
  ebb, for I argued to myself that if life
  was in them, they would already havg

2:9

managed to follow us. Aye! I be-
lieved that either of them, supposing
even that he could not stand, would
have crawled along our trail at the'first
light of day, bent upon vengeance; for
I had learned to know them both as
desperate men—though to one of them,
despite what I knew of his life, I had
grown exceedingly attached.

“I’ll go back to our old camp.” said
I, “and bring along an ax if you are
going right up that way. We may
need it to clear a way for the horse."
He wheeled about.

  ‘“Say!” lie said. “What are you so
struck on goin’ back to your camp for?
Guess I'll come with you and see just
what you want.”

  He looked me so keenly in the eye
that I said at once, knowing that to
object to his presence would be the
worst attitude possible: “Come, then."
and stepped out: but when he saw that
I was not averse to his company he
cried out:

  “No, no. I have an ax here that
will serve the turn if we need to do any
cutting. But I reckon we won’t need
to use an ax none. It’s up this here
dry watercourse we go, and there won’t
be much clearin' wanted here."

  It was now broad day, and as I
turned to follow Canlan again I gave up
my old friends for dead.

  The man’s short, broad back and
childish legs, and the whole shape of
him, seemed to combine to raise my
gorge.

  “I would be liker a man.” I thought,
“if I struck this reptile dead.” And the
thought was scarce come into my mind
and must, I think, have been glittering
in my eyes, when lip flashed arounJ on
me his colorless face, and said he:
“Remember, I trust my life to you.
I take it that you’ve agreed to my oft or
of last night to go half-shares on this.
God knows you’ll have to look after me
by nightfall, this blessed day—unless
there may be a lot o’ drink in that
cabin.’’

  At the thought he absolutely
screamed:

“A lot o’ drink ! A lot o’ drink!" and
220

THE <PO<PULS1<R MAGAZINE

away lie went with a sign to me to fol-
low, scrambling up the watercourse be-
fore his horse, which followed with
plodding hoofs, head rising and falling
doggedly, and long tail swishing left
and right. I brought up ihe rear. And
thus we climbed the greater part of the
forenoon, with occasional rests to re-
gain our wind, till at last we came out
on the bald, shorn, last crest of the
mountain.

  Canlan marched the pony side on to
the hill to breathe; and he himself blow-
ing the breath from him in gusts and
sniffing a deal, he pointed to the long,
black hilltop stretching above' us.

  “A mountain o’ mud," he said.
‘That’s it right enough. Some folks
thinks that everything that prospectors
says they come across in the mountains
is jest their demented imaginatings
like; but I seen mountains o’ mud be-
fore. There’s a terror of one in the
Crow’s Nest Pa>s, away up the east
Kootenai; and there’s one in Colorado
down to the Warm Springs country.
You can feel it quiver under you when
you walk on it—all same jelly. See
—you see that black crest there? That's
all mud. This here, where we are, is
good enough earth though, all right,
with rock into it. It’s here that we
turn now. Let me see-”

  He took some fresh bearings, look-

ing to the line of hills to the southeast.
1 thought 1 could pick out the notch at
the summit, over there, through which
Apache Kid, Donoghue, and I had
come ; and then he led off again—along
the hill this time, his head jerking ter-
ribly, and his whole body indeed, so
that now and again he leaped up in
little hopping steps like one afflicted
with St. Vitus’ dance.

  Up a rib of the mountain, a? it might
be called, he marched, I now walking
level with him; for 1 must confess I
was excited.

  And then I saw at last what 1 had
journeyed so painfully and paid so
cruelly to see—a little “shack,” or cabin,
of untrimmed logs of the color of the
earth in which it stood, there, just a
stone's cast from us, between the rib on
which we stood and the next rib lhat
gave a sweeping contour to the hill and
then broke off short, so that the moun-
tain at that place went down in a sharp
slope, climbed upon lower down by :in-
significant. scrubby trees. But there—
there was the cabin, sure enough. There
was our journey’s end.

  Canlan turned his ashen face to me,
and his yellow eyeballs glittered.

  “It looks as we were first,'' he said,
his voice going up at the end into a
wavering cry and his lips twitching
convulsively.

TO BE CONTINUED.

A MERE MATTER OF BUSINESS

THE manager of the big store stood stock-still outside of the little boxlike
chamber which held the telephone of the establishment, for he was a very
startled manager indeed. Within the chamber he could hear Miss Jones,
the typist, speaking, and this is a scrap of the conversation the scandalized man
overheard:

    “1 love you, dear, and only you! I'm weeping my heart away! Yes. my
darling, speak to me once more! I love you, dear—1 love you sol”

    The young woman rang off and stepped out of the cabinet to confront the
angry manager.

    “Miss Jones.” he said, “that telephone has been fixed where it is for the pur-
pose of convenience in conducting business, and not for love-making in office
hours. I am surprised at you. Don’t let it occur again!"

  The young woman froze him with a glance.	•

    “I was ordering some new music from the publishers for No. 3 department,
she explained icily.

    And then the manager felt that this wgs a cold world indeed.
Mr. Garfield’s Matrimonial Experiment

                       By W alter Hackett

                     A pretty dangerous experiment it was that Mr. Garfield
                     tried, one we should hardly care to advise husbands to
                     copy. All sorts of trying complications are likely to result.
                     Here they are principally humorous, at least to the reade

HIS is a plain narrative
of John Garfield’s
matrimonial experi-
ment. Garfield told it
to me himself, and I
will repeat it to you as
nearly as possible in
his own words. I
have his permission to do this as both
of us believe it may be of some value
111 settling the marriage question. If
it does, we shall expect to be looked
on as public benefactors. The narra-
tive follows:

  I did not marry until I was forty.

I never had time until then—I had
hustled from the time I was a kid. But
at forty I got hold of a patent that made
my pile. After that I had nothing to
do but boss people and count my money.

Neither of these things was very amu-
sing, so I got restless and decided that
what I needed was a home. That is
what most men decide when time hangs
heavy on their hands. When they get
it, it keeps them busy trying to think
of other places that will keep them away
from it.

  Well, as soon as I began to think
about a home, I thought about getting
married, and when a man begins to
think about getting married, it is all
over with him. All but the ceremony.

That came quickly enough in my case.

I was married and settled before I real-
ized it. You see, when a man has
money, the mothers do the rect.

  My wife was a nice girl, and. to do
her justice, I think she cared for me. my wife.

 I mean at fir.a before she knew me,
 which seems to be the only time that
 women care for their husbands. When
 she did—well, that is what I am going
 to tell you about.

   For the first six months, our life was
 perfect. I never knew anybody could
 be so happy and keep out of jail. Every
 night when I came home, she would be
 waiting to open the door and throw her
 soft white arms around my neck. Then
 we would call each other pci names and
 sort of coo. Yes, me! Forty years old
 ami six-feet-two in my stocking-feet and
 talking baby talk! And what is more.
 I liked it. Why, T used to spend all
 my time during the day thinking up
 new names to call her when I should
 get home. One day, I tried some of
 them on my stenographer by mistake.
 It took two solid hours of oratory to
 make her understand it.

   As I said, this lasted about six
 months. Then the novelty wore off:
 that is, it did for my wife and she
 stopped meeting me at the door. In-
 stead, she hired a butler—a portly per-
 son with an accusing eye who always
 looked at me as though I w>as not fit
 to live. Tt used to take all my courage
 to ring the bell and face him when I
 got home in the evening. And I tried
 to let myself in with my latch-key, but
 he caught me at it and looked so an-
 noyed and shocked at my bad form that
 I begged his pardon and never tried it

again.	•

   After I got bv him. I used to look for
   For'a while I would greet
222

THE ‘POPULAR MAGAZINE

her with baby talk. Not for long,
though. She would just give me one
cold look one of her eyes and say:
“'John, do your utmost not to be a
fool. I know that it is hard, but do
your best. And did you secure seats for
the theater to-night?”

  Well, if I had not secured them, I
did, and right away, too. Not that we
ever went to any musical comedies or
farces or any place where you could
get any amusement. No, sir, she would
not stand for that. We used to go and
.see plays where everybody was miser-
able because they were married. Usu-
ally. the principal characters ran away
from their husbands or wives with
somebody else’s husband or wife after
which they committed suicide. Then
everybody but me would applaud and
say that after all there was nothing like
real art.

   I want to tell you that it was not long
before that sort of thing got on my
nerves. It got on my wife’s nerves
after a time and she would mope around
in a way that frightened me. I could
not do anything to help her, because
ever}- time she looked at me she moped
more than ever.

  Then 1 decided to go and consult my
friend. Bob Ferley. Bob had been mar-
ried twice and had buried both wives,
so I looked on him as a kind of ex-
pert.

  lie heard me through, and then he
leaned back and lighting a cigar said:
“Garfield, you arc only facing a crisis
that every married man must face. If
you face it successfully, your marriage
will be a success ; if you do not, nothing
will ever make it so.”

  That was rather discouraging, so I
wiggled a bit in my chair as he went
on:

  “No woman is happy unless her mind
is occupied. If you have sufficient in-
genuity to keep your wife’s so, you
will have a happy and a pleasant life;
if you do not, only a judge or an un-
dertaker can give it to you."

  Naturally. I was considerably inter-
ested. I leaned forward in my chair
and tapped him on the knee.

  “What would you suggest.” said I,

“that I do to keep my wife’s mind

busy ?”

  14Ah," he replied, wagging his head I
at me very solemn, “there you have me.
Every woman is different; some en-
tirely so. In the old days, the good old
days I might call them, they kept the
women as drudges and slaves. They
used to work from before sunup until
after dark, and they liked it. Unhappy
marriages then? No one ever heard
of them. The women's minds were busy
and they were happy and contented.
But, nowadays, we have the new
thought and the suffragettes are ever
with us, both of which are so new that
they are premature, and one cannot
treat his woman sensibly, so it is neces-
sary to invent ways to keep them from
thinking about themselves.”

  Now, I am free to admit 1 did not
know whether there was any sense in
what he was saying or not, but it
sounded impressive, so I made up my
mind to act on it. After considerable
thinking, I hit upon the idea of French
lessons and suggested them to my wife.
She jumped at the idea and for three
weeks worked at them with a will—
three happy weeks they were for me—
she was quite like her old self. But
about the time >he changed the cook's
name from Mary to Marie the novelty
wore off and she began to mope again.
This start had opened up a new line,
however, and I suggested German. That
lasted nine days. Then followed., in
quick succession, Italian, Spanish.
Arabic. Polish and Russian. None of
them was continued longer than a week.
In despair, I suggested Chinese, but
she declared she was sick of languages.

  So we switched to various other ac-
complishments. Music—instrumental—
lasted two weeks: vocal, one hour and
forty minutes.

  Cooking held sway for four days,
sewing for three; while social-settle-
ment work occupied her for a week.
Then my ingenuity began to give out.
As it was, I had been neglecting my
business for some time figuring out new
things to keep her busy. • But I had
proved that Perley was right. When-
ever she was busy, we were an ideal
MR. GARFIELD'S MATRIMONIAL EXPERIMENT

married couple. Accordingly I went to
him again. This time with more confi-
dence than ever.

  “Bob," I said, “is there anything that
will keep a woman interested perma-
nently?”

  “Yes,” he answered, “there is.”
  “What is it ?" I asked.

  “A man,” he replied laconically.
"Well,” I complained, “my wife does
not seem to be interested in me."

  “Ah,” he put in, smiling broadly,
"that is the point. You”—he empha-
sized the you—“are married to her.”
“But I don’t understand!” I said.
“The only man who permanently in-
terests women,” he explained, “is a
man to whom they are not married.”

  I admit that that struck me all of a
heap.

  "Do you mean,” I said angrily, “that
I must permit some other to make love
to my wife in order that we may be
happy together?”

  "I meant what I said,” he retorted
hotly; and he was considerably net-
tled by my tone. “I simply recited
facts to you. I did not offer advice.”
“But, Bob,” I said, a great deal more
gently, “is there no other way to inter-
est a woman for all time?”

  “None that I know of,” he replied
and that ended the interview.

  I came away right downhearted. It
looked like my marriage was to be a
failure and 1 hate to fail at anything.
Besides, I was fond of my wife. The
darkest hour, however, usually comes
just before the dawn, and it was just
when I was most downcast that I hit
upon a great idea. What suggested it,
I never could tell. I have invented
tons of oilier things that have made
some money, and they all came in just
the same way. A sudden flash in the
brain and then the whole thing clear
in my mind. That is how this came to
me. Why not let a man who never
existed fall in love with her? That
was safe and at the same time should
prove effectual. I regarded the thing
as an inspiration.

  1 decided to put the plan into opera-
tion at once. So I bought some sta-
tionery and went to my office. Then

I wrote a letter to my wife in an as-
sumed hand. The letter declared that
the writer had seen her driving in the
park—she used to go there every aft-
ernoon—and he could not refrain from
writing to her to express his sincere
admiration. That was all. I signed it
Raymond Montgomery. It was fine and
high-sounding and romantic.

  Well, I posted it, and the next morn-
ing I saw it lying on my wife’s plate
with the rest of the mail on the break-
fast-table. I watched her when she
read it. but apparently it made no im-
pression. She just rang the bell and
ordered the butler to tell the coach-
man that she would not drive that aft-
ernoon. She continued reading her
letters.

  That was discouraging, but life has
taught me that if you are persistent you
can do anything—or nearly anything.
So I wrote another letter in the same
handwriting. This time it was one of
apology and regret. She had not been
in the park that day, the writer said,
and he feared his temerity in addressing
her had kept her away. lie begged a
thousand pardons, and implored her to
continue to drive that he might ^ee her
now and again. It was signed as be-
fore and posted, and the next day it
lay by her breakfast-plate. She read it,
but as before with no apparent interest
and again announced that she would not
drive in the park.

  That worried me. All that I was
succeeding in doing was in destroying-
one of her occupations—which made it
worse for me. Therefore,. I decided that
Mr. Raymond Montgomery would write
no more. I was rather glum when I
went home that night. When she had
nothing to amuse herself with during
the day. home was not a very pleasant
place. It was a surprise to find her in
better spirits than she had been for
months. She was even more than po-
lite to me. Her mood continued the
same, until the next morning at break-
fast. When she came to the table she
looked languidly over the mail. Then
rather anxiously; then a quick color
swept into her face, and a frown of an-
noyance spread itself upon her brow.
224

TUB <PO<PVUI<R MAGAZINE

I asked her what the matter was, and
she said—well, it is not necessary to
repent what she said, but it was rather
uncomplimentary. She drove that day,
and the next morning at breakfast made
no secret oi her disappointment in the
mail she received. And I understood.
My plan was a success.

  Accordingly I wrote her another let-
ter, and followed it with one every day.
She always read them in the same care-
less fashion, hut she always looked for
them, I knew they were making her
think, too. She was always so pleasant
and happy. The only trouble was keep-
ing- the thing; up. 1 could not continue
writing short notes, presently it was
letters. Now, no one can continue wri-
ting a one-sided correspondence. They
had to be answered. Well, 1 engaged
a post-office box in my assumed name
anti sent her the number.

  She did not answer that. I was
thankful she did not, too. I concluded
she must be tired of the whole tiling
and stopped writing for a day or two.
But she moped terribly when I ceased
and 1 had to begin again.

  After that, well, sir, it was like a
nightmare to me. It is now for me to
look back upon it. I was caught in a
whirlpool, one that I had myself crea-
ted. I could not stop and every letter
got me further into trouble. Why. in
two weeks, I was writing love-letters
to my wife under an assumed name and
she was answering them. I felt like I
was two different men. and I did not
know which 1 was the sorrier for. You
see, when T got writing love-letters to
her, I wrote what I really felt—what I
always longed to tell her but never
dared.

  At last the climax came, ft had to.
She suggested a drive in the park.
You do not know the shock it gave me.

She had made all the arrangements
when and where we were to meet. At
first, I decided to do nothing about it.
Then I feared that, in her disappoint-
ment, she might do something rash, so
I went to the street corner she had in-
dicated. Presently a carriage drove up
and I jumped in. She was sitting alone
in the vehicle, and when she saw who
it was her face went white and her hand
went to her heart.

  "What do you mean by this?” she ex-
claimed after a moment. By George,
sir, 1 admired her more.

  “Why—er—why," I stammered. “I—
er—1 wanted you to know that I am
Raymond Montgomery. I wrote you
all those letters.”

  It sounded foolish when I got it out.
Worse than that even, but it was the
only thing I could think to say.

  ‘‘You wrote those letters!” she re-
peated, with tine scorn. “A clod like
you! Never!”

  But 1 succeeded at last in convincing
her that I did. Oh. but I was happy to
convince her. If she loved him. surely
she would love me and all would be
well. That shows how much 1 didn't
know about a woman.

  “So you thought it fine 'port to make
a fool of your wife?” she asked bitter-
ly when I had done.

  I declared to her that this was not so
—that in those letters I had written her
of the real love that I felt for her—
the love that she would never let me
express. She heard me through without
a word. Then she asked me if we
might drive home.

  The next day she left me and went
back to her family. On the day follow-
ing I was served with a summons in a
divorce-suit. Ever since, whenever I
take a long breath, it takes all my
strength to keep from swearing.
c

ALMOST every day we receive let-
ters from those who wish to write
stories for the magazine and want in-
formation as to the "rules." as many of
them express it. There are no ‘’rules."
Any one who writes a story in the Eng-
lish language, worth the telling and in-
telligible. is sure of a hearing in this
office. At the same time there are one
or two points about the stories we are
looking for which may interest writers
and a great many who are not writers,
because they give you some idea of our
methods in trying to get fiction to suit
the greatest possible number of people.

a 9

WE want stories told in good Eng-
lish. We don’t want any lit-
erary affectation whatever. Vitality,
energy, interest—the qualities that make
a story strong and desirable—are very
seldom combined with a literary pose on
the part of the writer. Shakespeare was
sneered at by the learned Ben Jonson
for his lack of culture and literary qual-
ity.- Remember that writing a story is
only telling it on paper. If you want
t« find out whether it is good or not.
whether it is worth while, whether we
and our readers will be interested in il.
apply the following test.

a 0

WAIT till you are at a party or
gathering of some kind of good,
nice, well-educated men and women.
Then tell your story. Tell it as if it
happened to a friend of yours, in the
third person, and put all the ginger and
enthusiasm, all the descriptive power
possible into your telling. Tell it as if
it were true. Note the effect oil your
audience. If the man you buttonhole
looks bored from the start, don't trouble

to write the story. It' he becomes inter-
ested. go ahead with it. If gradually all
the other conversation in the room be-
comes silent, if at the close of your
narrative you find the company all lis-
tening to you with breathless attention,
go ahead rejoicing, for the indications
point that your story is worth while.

a a

WHENEVER in doubt as to some
particular point in a story, think
cf your roomful of nice American peo-
ple and its effect on them. If vou are
meditating any discussions or expressions
at which some of the people present,
women especially, would be likely to rise
and announce in icy tones that they
must be going, leave them out. They
are in bad taste and things that are in
bad taste don't belong in a good story.
The whole point of a story is that it
must interest in a pleasant, not a grue-
some or shocking way. that it must
leave a good taste in the mouth, and
that, if possible, it must give some new
insight into the characteristics and con-
ditions of men and women.

a a

THAT'S all there is to it. It looks
simple, but it is harder than it
looks. We want you to send in stories
lo The Popular if you think you have
it in you to write them; but you must
remember that in doing so you are en-
tering into competition with the best
writers in the w-orld. A man may be
the pride of his village as a baseball-
pitcher. but fall down deplorably if
tried out by the Chicago champions, for
instance. The big-league team has the
choice of players, not from one village,
but from the whole country. We are
searching hard for good material all over

I
4 CHAT wn'h YOU Continued.

this country and in Europe, as well, so
that if you qualify with us you have
beaten out a good many others. We
print a terribly small proportion of the
material that we examine, and print
only the best

a 9

IF you really are a good writer you
won't be discouraged by anything
that we have ?.aid. We are giving you
the best of our advice on the question,
and it is the result of wide experience.
If you are going (O write, be sure that
you have a story to tell before you
start, and remember always that you are
talking to your readers through the
medium of the printed word It is your
business to interest them and get them a
little excited, if possible, about what you
have to say. Don't ever try to impress
them with your literary style or with
any airs and graces. Be honest and
straightforward in writing. You will
find that it pays, as it does in talking.

NEXT month’s magazine will open
with a complete novel by Arthur
Stringer, “The Gun-Runner.” It is a
full-length novel; a publisher is already
preparing to bring it out in book form
at $1.50. It is a better, bigger, more
thrilling book than either "The Wire-
Tappers” or "Phantom Wires" by the
same author. We remember the prom-
ise as to future standards we made a
month ago and we are going to deliver
the goods. There is not another maga-
zine in the world that would plan to
publish a story of this length, interest,
and importance complete in one number.
That isn’t boasting; it is the cold-
blooded statement of an absolute fact.
Think it over. Tsn'l it so?

TUT- GUN-RUNNER” is a "wire-
less" story of the kind that
Stringer alone can write. It has a high
tension, an atmosphere, a quality of ro-
mance and breathless excitement that

you cannot find anywhere else. It is to
be followed by a new series of stories
by Stringer, which we will announce
next month. We have them on hand
now, and are waiting anxiously for the
time to come when you will read them.

9 9

TH ERE are a dozen things in the Janu-
ary Popular each worth featuring
for itself. 1 here isn't a story in it that
won't make people talk and think about
it. The big naval story, "The Fleet
With Salt on Its Tail," is a vivid de-
scription of an engagement in which an
entirely new strategy is adopted. Read
it; it is away out of the ordinary. Her-
bert Kaufman's business story, "The
Fifth John James," ought to be read by
every man who earns his living by the
way of business. Don’t say that there
isn't plenty of romance and adventure
in modern business, that there are not
opportunities for the man with brains.
Read the story. It was written by a
man who knows something about the
business world himself.

9 9

BY this time you have all made the
acquaintance of Ralph D. Paine.
1 or the next year his work will be a
regular feature of The Popular, a story
or a complete novel appearing in every
issue. All the characters whom you
met while reading "The Stroke-Oar
will be heard from again. Hector
Alonzo McGrath, who tried so hard and
failed for all the teams, makes good
triumphantly and surprisingly in the
story which appears next month. "How
Hector Won His Y."

9 9

WE promised to tell you something
this month about a new find. It
is a story, a long story called ‘Bill
Harris—His Line." by Howard Field-
ing. It is so unlike any other story
that we have ever read that it would
be very hard indeed to give an adequate
description of it. It tells of an associa-
tion formed for the reform of a number
of prominent criminals, and has more
interest, plot, incident, and character
than we ever expected to see in a tale
of its length. Look for the first part
of this story in the February number.

            9 9

            9 9
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Give Him a Gillette
Safety Razor for Christmas

HE will use it, never
fear! And thank
you from his heart every
time he shaves.

  Over two million men
are using the Gillette —
any one of them will tell
you he would not be
without it for ten times
its cost.

    Shaving in the old way is the bane
 of a man’s life. It means time wasted
 at the barber-shop — or tedious strop-
 ping and scraping with the old-fash-
 ioned razor, with the certainty of cuts
 and scratches if he is nervous or in a
 hurry. Besides, as you know, he is
 not always shaved when he ought to be.

    The Gillette makes shaving easy.

    New York

288 Tiine» Building

 Takes only five minutes for a smooth,
 satisfying shave, no matter how rough
 the beard or tender the skin.

   No stropping, no honing. Any
man can use it. It is the one razor
that is safe—cannot cut his face—and it
is the only razor that can be adjusted
for a light or a close shave.

   A man is conservative. He takes
to the Gillette like a duck to water
once he gets acquainted—but, as with
other improvements, it sometimes takes
a woman to lead him to it.

   The Gillette makes a beautiful
gift, with its triple silver-plated handle,
in velvet lined, full leather case.

    Standard set, as illustrated above,
 $5.00.

    Combination sets, $6.50 to $50.00.

    Send for illustrated booklet today.

    The Gillette is on sale at all leading
 jewelry, drug, cutlery, hardware and
 sporting goods stores. If your dealer
 cannot supply you write to us.

SALES CO.	Chicago

 288 Stock Exchange Building

 GILLETTE

288 Kimball Building. Boiton

Factories: Bo»ton. London. Berlin. Paris. Montreal

No Stropping

No Honing

iillette

^NO STROPPING NO HONING	A % W*	*_

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank you. I want what I asked for. Good-bye.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

  The Turning Point

     The stories of wonderful success won through the help of the
     International Correspondence Schools of Scranton, Pa., prove the
     tremendous salary-raising power of the greatest man-helping institu-
     tion the world has ever known:—From Carpenter to Draftsman;

     Farm Hand to Designer; Miner to Superintendent; Blacksmith to Chief
 Engineer; Bookkeeper to Manager; Stenographer to Treasurer—and so
 on—stories of promotion, of salaries raised and independence, where
 before had existed drudgery and dissatisfaction.

     Will yon mark the attached coupon for a lugger salary? It costs you
 nothing to find out how the I. C. S. can advance you. Marking the coupon
 places you under no obligation. If you can but read and write, the I.C.S.
 can help you. No matter where you live, the I. C. S. can reach you.
 What you do or how many hours a day you work makes no difference—the
 I. C. S. does not require you to leave home or stop work—mark the coupon.

From Drudgery

 My advancement from a position as
 laborer in a boiler shop to ihat of
 Manager of a Heating ami Plumbing
 Establishment is due almost entirely to
 my Course in the I. C. S. My salary'has
 been increased 100 per cent. I can
 trtithfully recommend the I.C.S. in
 terras of the highest praise to auy
 ambitious man.

                  H. I.. Weigel,

83 N. Church St., Hazelton. Pa.

    When I enrolled for my I C. S. Coti'se I
 was employed as a steamfmer. The instruc-
 tion 1 received enabled me to advance in my
 profession and I am now Chief Engineer
 employed by E. G. E. Wallace, of Rochester,
 and have increased my salary to nearlv
 twice the amount it was when I enrolled.
 1 consider my Course to be worth ten tiroes
 the price I paid for It.

Hark v Wokuhihiii, R. F. I>. No. 3.

                                Rochester. N. It.

 I enrolled for my I. C. S. Course when I was working as a helper to a mill*
 rrighL I am now Engineer at the Fitzhugh Lutlier Company Car and Locomo-
 tive Works at Hammond and my earnings have been doubled. As I left school
 when 1 was but 12 years old my previous education was necessarily scant. I
 recommend your Schools to any ambitious young man.

W. J. Tangkkman, B46 Hickory St.. Hammond, Ind.

  I was working as a carpenter when I enrolled with the I. C. S-, but
  thanks 10 my Course I have steadily advanced. I am now Superinten-
  dent of Construction for the Canadian Bank of Commerce and :<in
  earning a month more than when 1 enrolled. I recommend your
  ’ s to auy man who wishes to better his position.

Fkeii, E. Robertson, 2401 Granville St.. Vancouver, 1). C-

  Your institution 1 consider to be one of the best educa-
  tional establishments in the country, especially for
  working men When I enrolled for my Course I was
  journeyman carpenter. I am now n Contractor
  in business for myself, and have doublea
  my lorrner earnings.

                                            James I). Hinkle.

                                                        0 Weber Avc., Akron, O.

schools

Tell the substitutes: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
'---

THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

 Ky., and mv earuiDgS
 have been very greatly
 increased. I consider
 your Course so excel-
 lent that I am con-
 stantly advising
 young men to en-
 roll with you.
 i has. F. Clark,
 c. o. Wright »St
 Taylor.

 Louisville, Ky.

to Success

    When iu charge of the erection ot cotton mill machinery I took out mv Course in the
 I. C. S. The excellence of your instruction was ol great benefit lo me in advancing myself
 lo a position as Assistant Superintendent of the Fulton Hag and Colton Mills of Atlanta,
 Ga., operating 60,coo spindles, and to double my earnings.

                               J. McD. Gamew ell. 57Elizabeth St., Atlanta, Cia.

 I was a railroad stenographer earning a salary of aboul $5per week when I enrolled
 for my Advertising Course in the I.C.S. I am now Advertising Manager for the Wriyht

Taylor Co., of Louisville,

' International Correspondence Schools,

Hoi SG5D , SCRANTON, PA.

  Pleane explain, wiUiont fnrther obligation on my part
  how I can qualify for employment or ndTancement
  in the portion before which 1 have marked X

Bookkeeper          Heehanleal ItririMuan    
Stenographer        Telephone Engineer       
AdierlUemrnl Writer Elec. Lighting Supl.     
Show Card 'Vrlter   Meehan. Engineer         
Window Trimmer      Plumber* Steam Killer    
Commercial Law      Stationary Engineer      
Illustrator         Civil Engineer           
Civil Service       It ii 11 ding Contractor 
ChemUt              irehltre' 1 Draftoman    
Textile Mill Supt.  A rch 1 tect             
Electrician         Structural Engineer      
Klee. Engineer      Banking                  
                    Mining Engineer          
                                             
                                             
city-               _State                   
of the Poorly-Paid

      Perhaps you have a liking for some other line of work. It
  may be you want to qualify for promotion in your present position,
  or that you want to break away from a "dollar a day" existence.

The I. C. S. will make you a specialist in your chosen line of iwjrk—

  , will train you for promotion—will raise your salary. Mark the coupon,
  ihe best proof that the I. C. S. can raise your salary is the
  three hundred and more unsolicited letters received from students every
  month reporting salaries raised and promotion given wholly through
  I. C. S. help. Mark the coupon.

       Let the I. C. S. be the turning point in your aim for success. There
  is an I. C. S. way to help you. Will you buy a two cent stamp to learn
  what it is? Then, mark and mail the coupon NO’SV.

Tell the uubstitulor: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.

A
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

h

0\

\ tV

  Geo. E. Barstow

        President
   Pecos Valley Land &
   Irrigation Co.

I Will Sell it to You
for $3.00 a Week

 OF

 <8

BARSTOW
TEXAS

                                 Any one who If familiar with
                              the results from Tr«»t Irrigated
                              Land will tell you that the safest,
                              surest way to gain a large and |ter
                              muui'Dt Income from a rmall out-
                              lay is to pet bold of a few acre* of
                              Texas Irrigated Land.

                                    But. heretofore. It ha* reauired
                                             erant capital -at least a few hund-
                                             red dollars—audit has been neces-
                                             sary for the purchas-
                                             er to go and live on
                                             the land and develop
                                             It.

                                          Now. my company
                                       makes Ii possible for
                                       you to gel ten acre*
                                       of the finest kind of
                                       Texas 1 rrlgated
                                       i^nd all nnder cultivation. Income property from the
                                       very beginning, If you can gave *3.00 a week.

                You cun go und live on It—absolutely assured of
            an Independent living from It alone.

               Or arrangement* will be made to have it culti-
 vated for you for a small share of the crons.

     Now lean and will prove all till* from the highest authorities
 lo the land.

     All you have to do Is—write to me and say. “Prove to mo that
 ten acres of your Texas Irrigated Land can be made to produce
 an Income of from (1,000.00 to •5,000.00 a year.”

     I have the proof, so read what tuy company will do for you.

New Safe Land Plan

     I will deliver at once to the Citizen's State Bsnk of Barstow,
 Texas, a Warranty Deed to ten ncrea of the |.»,,d of the Becos

                                                 the muIkIIvision
                   /Upon ami filed for
                   bounty Clerk of Ward County, Texas.

     1 will deliver at once to you. one of
 onr Secured Land Contractu for the War-
 unity Deed at the Bank—on the contract

L   4-  
1-      
        
        
 Valley Land and Irrigation Company as per
 ■•f the Company's properly mode by John Will
 record with the County Clerk of Ward Cot

Safeguarded

 appears a certificate signed by an Officer
 of the Bank and certifying that the Hank
 has your deed and will dollver It to yon

     You get this land for Hi), w hich yon can pay In less than,
  three years—(16down and (3 a week—and you then haveonly foo»
  •SB notes each year for seven years to |>«y out of your income.

     Can you hope In any other way. so sale and sure a- this, to
  have so large an Independent income In so short a time!

     I believe the purchase of Texas Irrigated Lund to lie the <«st
  way for a man of enisli means to make himself independent/
  And 1 believe 1 am qualined to par* Judgment as I have i*-en In-
  terested In Irrigation matters locally and nationally for lb year*.

     The results are simply astounding to those who are uulawlt*
  lar with the great subject of Irrigation.

     And 1 believe the happiest man these days Is the man with
 the little ten acre irrigated farm—(President Kooxrvell mo*,,
 “Even 6 acres Is enough to support a family and keep It lmsy>')3

     The owner or a Ten Acre Irrigated Karin doe-u't h-n- I*
 “knuckle to the boss." nor strain his conscience In the struggle
 of the Intense commercialism of the day.

     His Income Is practically untouched by "financial depression *

     His living and peace of mind are not depcadMit upon tlx
 whim of any man.

     He is king in Ills own little domain.

     He can make his little ten acres earn as much as a quarter
  section <160 acres) unirrlgated. would produce—as nun'll of be-
  tween twentv and eighty thousand dollars in cash would tulug,
  loaned out at < per cent.

     He has his close neighbors, his telephone, good roads, school#
  and churches—In fact, all the comfoits and conveniences of Ufe
  that come with the prosperous close-suit community, tuoutrh
  they pass by the great isolated farm.

     ’The land I want you to buy Is all good rich soil. Irrigated
  from Canals and Ditches already constructed In the most ap-
  proved modern fashion and carrying an abundant supply of
  water taken from the ever flow Ing Pecos Blver.

     It is within a lew miles of Barstow,Texas, and Pecot City,
  Texas. (Ihe two tow ns are only miles apart—the land l*e* be-
  tween the towns and a little to the north I and served by the Texas
  A Pacific Ballway and the Pecos Valley Line of the (Santa F«
  8ystem.

     With rich soil, a splendid climate and the uncertain quantity
                         —moisture—eliminated, agriculture and
                         bortlculturecan herebesclentitlcallj cart
                         Tied on to the splendid profit ot the land
                         owner.

The abundant crops of large and In

 CO

<

X

 01!

h

 nccorllngto the terms of yonr Secured
 Land Contract. The Hank acts as an Inde-
 pendent agent for both of us—to guaran-
 tee fair play.

     You must pay •S.00 a week, or at tho
 rateof (3.00a weekln monthly,quarterly,
 senn annual or annual payments.

    Or you can pay as much faster as
 you Ilk

 The Bank will deliver your deed
 direct to you when your $3.00 a
 week and interest credits total $483.00

It Doesn’t Take Long

     At the end of each year—If von take more than a year to
  complete youi payments—you will be credited with 6 per cent
  per annum on the amount you have paid.

     (15 down and *3 a 'feck paid regulorly. and the Interest
  credit*, will mature your Contract In a little oyer two and tureo*
  lourths years.

      But you can mature your Contract by paying the same total
  amount, ti83. In a day, a month, six months, a year, or In any less
  time than years, and whenever yonr regular receipts and
  your Interest allowance credit receipts total MRS, all you hare to
  do to get vour land is to take or send yonr receipts and yonr con-
  tract to the Citizen's State Bank at Barstow. Texas, together
  with twenty-eight vendor lien notes each for «3», payable one
  ®verv three months for seven years.

     the Bank will then give you your Warranty Deed to the
  land, which, according to tho Contract and the Deed, must be
  fully Irrigated and ail under cultivation.

  P Item ember this Is t«a acres of land which I must flr«t prove
      Is capable of producing an Income of from (1.000 to (6,000 a year.

                         every other way superior hays, grains,
                         cotton, vegetables and f i ults are equaled.
                         In only a very few favored spots.

                             The justly celebrated Barstow Grape*
  are considered by niony to be even better
  —variety for variety—than those raised
  In Southern California — and we are 1.2*0
  miles nearer the great Eastern market
  But all this Is the merest outline of whet
  I desire to show you In detail. 1 am only
  attempting to make it clear to you that you can have an assured
  Independent living Income In less than three years If you can
  possibly save (3 a week.

      1 have promised to submit the proof. All yon have to do it
  write for It. Will you do that today, even if you can't commence
  I right away f I want the address of every man or woman who is
  willing to save (3 a week If 1 can prove that the result will w>
  financial Independence In less then three short years.

      There Is nothing philanthropic about this proposition, but i
  especially want to hear from the w age earners. 1 have wor fceu
  for fifteen years to develop this Irrigation System and this com-
  munity. It would be gratifying to me to have those who nioei
  need 11 reap the benefits of my labors.	t-„i.

      It will be more convenient for you to address me at St. 1/Jojs,

  and 1 am equipped there to best answer you.

        GEORGE E. BARSTOW. President
      Valla* Land and Irrigation Company, ol Barstow. Toxaa.
      838 Misaourl Trust Bldg.. St. Louis. Mo.	^4

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Nature’s Choicest Food

  The choicest Michigan beans run 23%
nitrogenous—84% nutriment. Those are
the beans we buy.

  They cost us, sometimes, as high as
eight times what other beans would cost.
1 But the value is there.

  We bake those beans in live steam, so
the skins are unbroken. They are baked

S until they are mealy, yet they are nutty
because they are whole.

   We bake in small parcels, in a heat of 245
i degrees. The result is, our beans are
digestible. They don’t ferment and form
gas.

  Then we make a tomato sauce from vine-
ripened tomatoes. It costs us five times
what common tomato sauce sells for in bulk.

  We bake that tomato sauce into the beans.
Thus we get our delicious blend—that
sparkling zest.

  The result is a food as nutritious as
meat, costing one-third as much. An appe-
tizing food—a food that all people like.
A food ready to serve.

  We have made beans the popular food—
the every-day food—the choicest dish on
the table. Are you getting your share of
the benefit?

Van (am p’s

Pork a*’Beans

  WITH TOMATO
  SAUCE

Don't judge Van Camp’s by other brands.
Don't judge them by home-baked beans.
This dish is our specialty—our claim to
supremacy.

■	We have spent 47 years in learning how
to prepare it.

We are baking more beans, by several

times over, than any other concern in the
world.

  Van Camp’s are distinct. They show
the cost and the skill we employ in them.
They will save you work, and save your
meat bills. Let your people have what
they like best.

Three sizes: 10, 15 and 20 cents per can.

The Van Camp Packing Company, Indianapolis, Ind.

Tell the substitntor: “No, thank you. I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
The

Magnificent New

Hoffman House

MADISON SQUARE, NEW YORK
Absolutely Fireproof

 The finest type of modern hotel architecture
 in New Vork Beautifully furnished mm-
 fort and luxurious case

 Located in ihr very heart of New \o'k,
 where all Ihe life and fashion of ihe metrop-
 olis centre.

Ron.,,	.............*1.60 ami * ! >'»

 Itnoni un I Until......#8.50_un.l upward /

1'urlor. Ilrdroom unci Uuth .#*,.011 /

 k Service awl u.sine lar famed for theircv.el- £
 lence Deliehtful music aftcruo-.il and A
 gjt evmini.

 ,	SruJ /.'* p.trticH/i**S auJ han.( jfi.

8>yTiX	jonte

       J v-< A,M,AfiAN -p
       N,jna • ijf

TllF. POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Face to Face

With

Few of ut have sufficient lodgment at the outset of our caieef• lo
select ih ■ trade or profession for which w<- me beat Killed.

If you misplaced. dwwgaa you ate displaced. the Letter.

To-day you are fuce to fact with an opportunity lo ad

» j nee - a chanc- lo become lust wiial you have Dreii wailing lo be
Your nelp, guide and instructor will be the New Si* Volume Editioo of

CYCLOPEDIA OF

Applied Electricity

The information contained in the 3,0'JQ, 7*10 inch pages will be
found of ihe utmost value to ths man who it face to'face with
* 'Opportunity "' and wi he* lo grasp it. The 2.000 illuitfations.

diagrams, tables and for.nulu greatly increase ihe value of ihe boilu
as a Home Study Instructor I hr books are handsomely bound in
half red morocco and arc carefully indexed for ready reference—tjp-
plemrnted with a scries of practical test quesli ins.

All types of electrical appliances are given special attention, and
every subject treated by a practical, technic si expert—written plainly
and clearly. The chapters on Theory. Calculation. Design and Con-
struction of Generators and Motors: Electro-pneumatic control of
Electric Railways; Single-phase Electric Railway, are especially com-
plete and well worth the cost of the entire set lo the wide-awak-
Electrical Engineer. The ambitious student or electrical
worker who is desirous of becoming thoroughly familiar with all
details of Applied Electricity can find no better means for \oms so
than through a close Judy of this Cyclopedia. To acquaint the public
with the superiority of the School's Home Study Course* from which
the Cyclopedia was compiled, we make this special

 FREE FIVE DAY OFFER

    We will send you. express prepaid, a set of these beautiful books
 absolutely Free for five day's examination, on recepit of Coupon. If
 the books are satisfactory and you wish to keep them, send us «2.00
 within live days and $2.00 a month until you have paid th- special
 $18.60 price; otherwise notify us lo send lor them at our expen<e. It
 will cost you nothing to examine the books—we employ no agents.

|Sfcc^L $18.60 PKSF-" §36.00

    Order promptly and we will include Free for one year as a
 monthly supplement, th;

Technical World Magazine

A popular magazine with a technical turn containing the late?! dis-
cussion on timely topics in Science. Invention. Discovery and Industry,
also the best Fiction. Biography. Travel and Humor, in fact, the be*t
of everything. Illustrated with scores of interesting photographs
Some of Ihe Subjects Treated

    Electric XVIrin •—El-ctrfc Hell \V rim* Electric Teleirraph—Wirete s
 Telegraphv—TtUutocia .li—Theory. C .dentation, D si -n and Construc-
 tion lit Generators and M tuM—Tv|(esof Dynamos And M«|ors—Eleva-
 tors—Direct Current Motor* -Direct-Driven Ms lilne Shop Tools—
 Electric Lighting—Electric Knilwa- s—Alum.itlni; Current Motors,
 etc.—Single I’luse Electric Railway—Electric Welding—Mercury Vapor
 Converter—M.m.igerneiU «f Dvnaimn and Motors—I'uner Stations -
 Central Station EnijiucrrinL'—Central Station Design—Storage Hitt cries
 — Power lTaii4iiiUkji.il—Alternating Current M:i<liinert—Synchronous
 Motor. Induction Motor. I ransforrner, Rotiry Converter. l-rci|iicncy
 Changer, etc — Telephony — Automatic Telephone-Wireless Telephony
 —Telephone l.ine Protection - Ielej’r.jplione. etc.

AMERICAN SCHOOL Or CORRESPONDENCE

CHICAGO. II. S. A.

FREE OFFER COUPON

                Fill in and mail to-day
 American School of Corraapondanca

    Pleas* Send set Cy. loped!.i of Applied Electricity for 6 days' free
 eviminatiou. Also I w f..r I ye,)t I uill .send ts within <> days ami
 f- i month until I have paid {I* otherwise 1 will notify you and hold
 the books sul.ije. t to your order. Title not to pass until fully paid.

NAMR................................................................

AODIIKSS.............................................................

OCCUPATION.........................................................

EMPt.OVKR ......

Popular Magar

MENNENS

B0RATED TALCUM

TOILET POWDER

** Baby’s	s..cuu

 and Mamma'sgreatest comfort. Mennen'i relieve* and
 prevents Chapped Hands and Chafing.

 t'Or your protection the genuine is pul up in non-
 refillable box, s—the “Bo* that Lox," with Mennen'i

 f?f on lop. Sold everywhere or by mail 25 cents,.
 Sample free.

     Try SIennen’s Violet (Borated' Talcum Toilet Powder—it
     has the scent oi Fresh-cut Parma Violets- Same.t f ret.

GERHARD MENNEN CO.. Newark, N. J.
Menien's Sen Yang Toilet Powder, Oriental Odor I No
Mennen’s Berated Skin Soap (blue wrar,n,«r> I Samples
Specially prepared ior the nursery . hold oul> at St«n*

Tell the subslitutor: “No. thank you. I want what I 3sked for. Good-bye.'
TIIE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

 GOUt fllletl brood

PROVIDENCE, RHODE ISLAND

     The Illustrations above, are actual size. They are selections from our regular catalog stork at our regular prices. The quality iS_
guaranteed to be as represented. We refund your money If for any reason you are not satisfied with our goods.

WE SAVE YOU MONEY

Our prices are the lowest. Because we sell for cash, aud we buy for cash — It's an Important	O,

In price making; Because we aulfer no losses trom unpaid accounts; Because we sell you " direct from work^^^^^^^ N	^ ' '

shop"—we eliminate the profits of the Jobber and the retailer. Because you pay the cost of

facturlng plus one modest profit.	a d^PvP-v	V <•'

   You should buy of us. Because we offer a selection larger than that	^

the metropolitan store*;. This gives t he out of town buyer an equal advantage	V.«\

with those living In the largest cltlcs. You should buy of us: Because	V ' sr

we take all the risk, we guarantee safe delivery and we guarau-	,-v a.U*'

tee to please you or to return your money; Because our	r» o^s-'^	*•

money-back plan Is a guarantee that you must be satisfied.	a.	a /

Because thirteen years of unquestioned Integrity Is the hest^^	s	O	< i

possible guarantee of honest values and fair treatment.	O	O/ c? • - ^

   We want a trial order. We want an opportu- <g§§§L oV/nWs\'--^
nit y to prove the high quality of our goods. Send us 20c.	aO- ^	V,^\c ■Vfrs <>'

in stamps for one of the handy pins Illustrated above—	VV , ' 0 ..»\v N

>ut the number on the margin under your name and address,	'•,}>ovO-	<.V*S'

If vou can duplicate the pin for less than 35c.. or If you do not	^

believe that you have received unusual value, Just tell us so and	<P•’ -

we II return your money.	^§1^	«, <&PaV O ' 0',ivf-c^

   We are reliable. For thtrteen years we have been selling	4 eP' S>

goods by mall. We have satisfied thousands of cuntomere In every	X.'-f.oF <:\or^	- V-■j.'"1

state and territory. For twelve yearx we were located In Salem. Mass	^ e	.•

anil during the past year we have been located Iti Providence. R.l. 'i ?r	^ ,0 ' o S>-P'c?’

refer you to our present bankers In Providence and also In Salem l tic	^ .j^c> •> .<■ >- >

Phmlx National Bank. Providence. R.l . the Mechanics National Bank.	* * a, > o <• o *#'$?	.-r

Provldeuce, H I., and the Mercantile National Bank. Salem. Mass.	*r O ,'_<?■ £■■	,c

BAIRD-NORTH CO.. 808 Broad Street.	^ X*

_ _providence. R.l.	*/

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
7HE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

We Will Make to Your Measure Tailored Clothes
(New Yotk Style), at the Price You Pay for Ready-Mades

FREE

This is What We
Want To Send You

 Our Style Book, containing:—

 Representations of the fashionable cuts in clothes

   for this Winter.

   48 actual samples of cloth for use in suits and
   overcoats. You can see what you're getting.

  A description of our business methods.

  Unsolicited testimonials from men who know
  and have tried us. Vi e have pleased customers
  all over the country from the Atlantic to the
  Pacific.

  Our measurement chart for your convenience.

   Chart containing correct dress for all occasions.

   Chart showing what colors to wear with different
   complexions.

  We want to send you all these FREE, You
  incur no obligation by sending for it. Just
  give us your name and address.

 \rOU would rather have tailor made clothes, of course—elothes made to your
 1 order and measure. Every clever man would. Made to order clothes make
 you look like a well dressed man, instead of a mere “dummy” to hane

ready made garments on.	6

   Made to order clothes generally cost more than "store clothes," hut on account
 of the perfect system which we have devised, and the enormous size of our
 business, with our own Mills to Weave the cloth we are enabled to make clothes to
 your own measurement from $l2.5l)to$25. This is not too much is it'-'

   Now a word as to New York styles. New Yorkers are the best dressed men in
 the country. We are right here on the ground, and we know what is going on.
 NX c can make clothes for you that will make your local tailor sit up and take notice
 No matter where you live—from Maine to California—our perfect system of home
 measurement, in connection with the samples of goods which we
 send you, will enable you to have your tailoring done quickly, at
 a low price, and with a degree of satisfaction that will surprise you.

  We want to send to you, FREE, samples of our domestic and
 imported textiles, many of which we control exclusively. Just
 examine these actual fabrics, and compare them with the suits
 sold ready-made by your local dealer. We will send you also,
 without charge, our Style Book for the Fall and Winter Read in
 the enclosed panel of this advertisement further particulars about
 this book, and how to get it.

                         Every suit will be cut to your order, and
                      made from your own individual pattern,
                      which is always preserved for future
                      reference. Our Guarantee of "perfect fit
                      and satisfaction or money refunded- insures
                      you absolutely against risk. Think of
                      getting a guaranteed, custom made suit or
                      overcoat made to your order from $12.50 up.
                      and we deliver your clothes expressage
                      prepaid! Which means a big saving to you.

                     If you want to look well-dressed and
                   feel well-dressed just write us for our new
                   Fall Style Book. It's worth your while.

 THE NEW YORK

W-729 to 731 Broadway

TAILORS

 New York City

c uVrVmtiee D WATCH $5-45

                    Stem wind, stern set. 81 selected tm.
                    Jewels, finely balanced und perfoctly
                    adjusted movement duMbnna, patent
                    regulator, enameled dial, Jeweled com-
                    pensation balance, double hunting
                    case, genuine (old laid and beau-
                    tifully engraved. Each watch
                    thoroughly timed, tested and
                    regulated before ^eavlug fue-
                    tory. A binding written 20 year
                    guarantee with every watch.

 Handsome Chain and Charm Fr»#
 Bend u« your name, post office
 md nearest exproi>i< office, and
 tnte If lady's or gant’a watch Is
 wanted. Watch will be expressed
 C. O. D. $5.4 5 and axpraaa charaaa.
 Examine It, test it, Judge for yourself be-
 exp. charges. If you don’t
 l return It at our sxpsnss.
 RATIONAL « OHBOLIUaTKU watch to., Di,pl 2S» CMeajo.IU.

 fore p ytng exp. agent U.i!i and exp.
 want tho watch the agent will n-ti

A BEAUTIFUL FACE

  All the DM Methods of < retiring hrautv and a Perfect
  comntexinn are replaced I" use of the RUBBER COM
  IM.I-XloN HIM n It prevents and removes wrinkles,
  pimples blackheads, makes skin coft. smooth anil white.

  A single application |iroduces remarkable results. War-
  heads in tnanv instances banished in a few minutes, The
  Speed with which it clears the .nmplexion almost I e
  yond belief. No woman owntatc ‘me need have an

 or blackheads. Rc'tilar Price ;oc To introduce our	•""- ■••• •

 cles we will send the Bulb with directions for only IHIKTi -1
 cents, postpaid You cannot afford to miss this bargain- Address.

 M. L. Krueger Mfg. Co., 157 Waih, St., Chicago. III.

You Can See Why

4$ ^ THE usona
SELF CLOSING
TOBACCO POUCH

  ' ii so |n>pubK with pi I* and ckrir-
  ctte sniulea e»eryw here. Oper-
  ated with one hand; upras by
  thmiiti pressure; cleses automatically: prevents was
  y Mtivcly dots not leak. An appropriate and acceptable

HOLIDAY GIFT

  Small Imitation leather-Siii—Large l.eatlier- WK. — Special X
  Gram Seal or Snake—*1.00 tVstpaid. At druggists or tooactumsis
  yours does not handle send pun (use pnee to

THE SELF CLOSING POUCH CO., 555 Culver Way. St. Louis. Mo

 We Trust You
 10 Days

  *1

  Each

 tyles.

  further fear of wrinkles
  catalo-

                               r this handsome.....

srlt-cted Ostrich Feather. any

.1 a Pie vrem,, ..... ,!« each, or sell a feathers and

 get your own flee. Enclose 6c. tonase. W rite for catalogue.	0

ANNA AYERS, Depl.E-43, 21 Quincy si.. CIIKAOU

 c>__>____write to-day for this

 Send no money, cuned. auefuiiv se

 color. If you find it a l ie hrgain remit *1

             r___ c-'Wa r.< initnt'p. \\ nfr

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank you. I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
C OR intermediate weather, the long’
Chesterfield is undoubtedly the
best all-round overcoat. It extends a
trifle below the knee, is curved very
slightly—if at all—to the figure and
does not flare at the bottom. The elab-
orately creased and pressed garments
are not at all manly-looking and one
generally sees them on persons whose
notions and ideas of style are derived
from colored fashion-plates of the
tawdry sort. There are always men
who feel that they must go the fash-
ions of the day “one better." and it is
these who make a mock of even a ra-
tional mode and compel its total aban-
donment.

  The Chesterfield lias a velvet collar
to match the cloth, usually black or me-
dium gray, long and wide lapels ironed
to a soft roll, and a deep center vent.
The object of the vent is to render
walking easier, for the ventless coat
hinders the wearer's movements and
swishes awkwardly around his legs.
Folded-back cuffs are rather too pre-
tentious-looking to be acceptable on so
plain a coat as the Chesterfield, though
they are not incorrect. The fly-front
garment has been in vogue for many
years, but the newer style is to have
the buttons come through. Plaids, her-
ring-bones, faint stripes and shadow
effects are variously used. The brown
Chesterfield in a deep, rich shade,

though becoming to few men. has an
uncommonness which commends it to
those who seek a treasured expressive-
ness in dress.

  The overfrock, so-called because it
closely resembles a double-breasted
frock coat, is worn chiefly with formal
evening dress. The skirts are long,
shaped to the waist and a bit full. The
cuffs are* folded back and narrow.
Black and gray arc the accepted colors,
for no others harmonize with the ex-
treme simplicity of either evening or
afternoon clothes. The Chesterfield is
quite as proper as the overfrock, and.
indeed, is preferable to accompany aft-
ernoon dress, because to wear a frock
greatcoat over a frock undercoat seems
to sin against the fitness of things. The
overfrock or paddock, as it is popularly
known, is no longer considered good
form for morning anti business, but is
restricted wholy to ceremonious occa-
sions.

  The Inverness or cape overcoat is
purely an evening garment. It is al-
ways black, soft in finish, quite long
and satin-lined to the edge. It may
have sleeves or not—they are usually
omitted—and has a half-cape. No coat
is more picturesque than the Inverness
and none ri\als it in its air of old-world
grace. It is an admirable garment for
the theater and functions of an avow-
edly ceremonious nature. Just why the
THE PC PL TLA A1 MA(L Is. INE AD FEE ! fSEP

Send No Money

JLIST YOUR ADDRESS

                               In order to prove that Rheuma-
  tism, Indigestion, Constipation,
  Neuralgia, Headache. Deafness,
  Nervousness. Paralysis, and In-
  somnia can he cured in your own home, without
  drugs or medicines of any kind, we want to send you

 The Vibro-Life Vibrator

      FREE. Express Prepaid

  Try it 10 days, then if you are fully satisfied with
  •lie benefit received, send us $5.00; otherwise, re-
  turn it and we will pay the express Charge. Remem- Jl
  her. you send no money In advance. You	"

  decide whether to buy it or return it, and it t
  costs you not one cent unless you keep it, /

          It'Wfr *»l onor. H>»<*/«•* ;'«*<*

 KCRKKA YlltltATOIt <«..	J H

  Ih pl. 4ft. PifiH ICrofuluny, New York J* ^ *

Shibboleth Neckwear

 IF

                        "You're better Satisfied"

; AN EXCEPTIONAL HOLIDAY GIFT

                               One hilf do-cn fwortnl
                   Solid Color Silk Barathea Scarfs:

IIAUV'AUli—A Ufvpiillilr fmu Inlisml. flltttk.Gamet, N'Ary,
ltr»«n. (inn. While.

              ,,r nni

              Enr.

W "

            Shih

One half >l*ren nwirted coton »n>l patterns
Shibboleth Fancy Silk Neckwear:

WISCONSIN A Kevrr*|lil'' four in lian'l

y<>M	tinif ..«»t*hrr i'Hjw or figure u ,tr*imL

 tiotli nf the

 Each /it

                    iff liulf iloam HHorlmpnl of rllhr

                         nbnT# that yon mnj wM.

                   ,/^rn *fr:ial'y r uktii m <i HAXDSO MR BOA.
          t»Hh Mh*i*rn,phed <cn‘cr in rotorr
          AT *2.00 TIIE HALF DOZEN. POSTPAID

          'mnrantrol $.fi« nml $.7i vnlne. Monej back if il Ksstislieil.

        Shibboleth Silk Co., 4.% Broadway, New York

          Semi i hr, k. |n*t ■•tlii e order Or two cent stamps.

 Catalogue II. tiiuwlnc our complete line of styles, sent on irqurvt.

Correct Winter Business Suit.

 Inverness is rarely worn except by el-
 derly beaus would be hard to explain.
 The younger generation seemingly will
 have none of it. preferring; the Chester-
 field or the overfrock. Abroad they
 are partial t<* the Inverness and the
 Frenchman considers it almost as in-
 dispensable as the evening; suit itself.

   Fur-trimmed overcoats arc good
 form only in the thick nf winter. They
 look clearly absurd when worn with-
 out the excuse of befitting weather. It
 is better to have the cuffs plain instead
 of fur-trimmed, the collar being very
 deep and so as to enable it to be turned
 up over the ears when the wind
 whistles. Sable, mink and astrakhan
 are the preferred furs. Fur caps are
 not worn in this climate, though they

Tell tho Pubstitutor: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.”

 Wins every
 Race

 Is the heart’s desire of youth in
 Winter—the only sled that satis-
 fies the boy or girl who knows

     The fastest, safest. strongest, ever Invented. A Hoy’s
 sled—the only one Girls chii properly control, Steers
 easily around others without druttKl»K I lie feet runs
 away from them all—runa farthest. Kasiest to pull
 up hill.

     Saves Its cost In shoes the first winter—prevents wet
 feet, colds and Doctor's bills. ISullt to lust of sperml
 steel und second growth white ash, handsomely linlshed.
 Insist on a Flexible Flyer.

    Look for the new Flexible Flyer Kaeer—long. low,
 narrow, speedy, moderate priced.

     Send/or Fret Cardboard Model {thawing just htnu it steers)
  ind tolared Christmas boot-let with pru ts.

 S. L. ALLEN 4 CO., Box 1103Q Philadelphia. Pa.

_^^^_^__^atentees and Sole Manufacturers^^^^__

The S/ed that Steers
T'flh POl'lN.. I/,' fl/. l (i/IN,P. /\ /) j'pj? rrsr

FLAT CLASP

T^rtprtnvnAga?fr is iu the web'

 BRIGHTON Flat Clasp Garters are
 pure silk of exceptional strengtli and
 durability. The metal parts, being brass
 nickel-plated, cannot rust. No other car-
 ter has the famous patented, Flat Clasp.

 From now until I lie holidays ask for BRIGHTON FlatCla%t>
 Garters m handsome CHRISTMAS BOXES expressly deco-
 rated and prepared tor the gift season. No extra charge for
 these special boxes which form “thegift ideal" for am man.

PRICE, 25 CENTS A PAIR

at your dealer’s, or sent by mail on receipt o£ price.

PIONEER SUSPENDER COMPANY

Anker* of ••BRIfillTON” GARTERS, "PIOJiEER" SUSPENDERS and -PIO.VEER" IIKI.T8

"THEY FIT .ROYALLY"

Shirts, * 192. arvd\ip

ROOMINESS is just as
important in a Shirt as
in a Coat. A well-fitting
shirt must be cut full, so as
to adjust itself naturally
and symmetrically to the
wearer’s figure.

The “drawing” or wrinkling
across the bosom, characteristic
of most shirts, is caused by un-
scientific drafting and by trying
to save material in the cutting.

These faults are fatal to fit. No
shirt cut on narrow, niggardly
patterns can possibly fit.

PHILLIPS-JONES COMPANY, 502-504 Broadway. New

      Also Makers of "Jack- Rabbit" H’ork Shirts
      Largest Shirt Manufacturers in the United Slates. Established 1862

 Shirts, 50^ar\d. 75^

“TMPEROR” and
PRINCELY
Shirts are cut generously
full. They are exact in size,
accurate in balance, and
true in drape. That’s why
“they fit royally.” Every
detail of fashion, fabric and
finish is unerringly correct.

 Your dealer sells them. More
 than 900 modish and exclusive

designs lo choose from Insist on getting
“EMPEROR" and "PRINCELY" Shins,
and look carefully for either of the labels
shown above. None genuine without
them. Beautiful St\je-Panorama "I."
in colors sent free. VP rite for it

York

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

For the Small l/ivestor—

                    1 he Accumulative Bond,
                    compelling the saving (.f small
                    sums. Purchasable- 1n ten
                    yearly payments and maturing
                    in either 10 or IS years, each
                    payment earning 6 per cent in
                    teresl. compounded annually.

            For the Large Investor— JJjf

               Bond issued in multipleso! $l(i) at par:
 maturing in 10 years for (he face value with
 6 per cent, interest-

All Ideal Investment—Because

 SafetV_ 1,1U	are secured hy the assets r.t

       * the New York Central Realty Company,
 composed wholly of New York realty. As this realty
 was purchased in acreage and is beinw constantly
 developed hv u.s it constitutes a steadily growing
 security of the highest order.

 Availahilltv_ Our Bonds can be surrendered for

HTdlldUilllj cafth at ,i|iy |i||ie befort. ma|ufity ,or

 the entire investment, with interest.

 Profit_ Our Bonds earn fi per cent, for every

              dollar invested—the highest interest corn
 patible with absolute safety.

Our literature will interest you. Let us know which
form of Bond lits your Hnances and we
will tell you more about it.

NEW YORK CENTRAL REALTY CO..

1328 BROADWAY (Suite 1175) NEW YORK
(Surplus and Undivided Profils $1.250.000)

We want agencies in every city and offer a liberal
proposition to men of character. Write
for particulars.

  t.ot hr eend yon’

 Waleli or King
 upon term* In-
 dicated. Kemlt
 llrst payment wltli
 ortler or hnve Koodi
 flipped fi.r Inspec-
 tion O. I>. llrut
 payment.

Our Attractive Catalosr Free.
Ask For No. 0=83.

^ r»mt omimcmiil wliilo perfect
diamond ant in an»
rttl*. 14 rnrnt «ulid
sold mnnntinc

*.'■ ear'll nud $3 per inontb.

  "	PC I ID11

 $30.00

                            Gents* O. F. 18. IB or I* rlze or
                            ladles’ fi nlJte plain or beautifully
                            cntfrav.d JtOyoar, 14-kt. gold-filled
                            ca*«- lifted with Ken- _ . mu
                            iilimnew Elitlnorfll K||
                            Wallliaiu movement. V I (■IVV

 With hunting cate. $16.75. {2.00 caih und SI.50 per month.

 Herbert L.JosephfcCo

Diamond Importers t: Watch Jobbers
217-219 ( 0-83. J State Street. CHICAQO

 art* appropriate enough to accompany
 fur coals ami besides, look undeniably

 "wintry.”

   1* ur-lined gloves are very "comfy,"
 notably for motoring and the outdoor
 sports, though there is little occasion
 lor them in town. High storm-boots
 with \\ aier-proof soles will be found of
 much practical service (hiring months
 when snow and slush are underfoot.

   \\ bite evening waistcoats—black is
 not worn nowadays—are preferably
 single-breasted and pocketless. The
 pocket is superfluous, since it is seldom
 use I and. moreover, it hinders smooth
 laundering. The linen waistcoat is too
 stilt and the silk garment cannot be
 laundered, but must be dry-cleaned, a
 tedious and difficult process. 1 herefore,
 the soft cotton waistcoat will be found
 more satisfactory than either. This is
 cut at lhe front opening in a shape mid-
 way between the obi “L" and the new-
 er "V." Egg-shape is. perhaps, the best
 description of it. The lapels and edges
 are silk-stitched some distance from the
 edge and the bottom points are not so
 peaked as formerly. There are deep
 side vents and the waistcoat hugs the
 waist.

   The correct white evening tie meas-
 ures from one and a half to two and a
 quarter inches and is graduated in form.
 W hile both linen ami silk are proper
 materials, cotton is soft, more pliant
 and yields a firmer, fuller knot, besides
 being lighter and cooler. If a silk lie
 be worn, it should harmonize in shade
 and pattern with the waistcoat. Cords,
 tiny detached figures and embroidered
 ends—all are correct and a matter of
 individual preference. Lawn ties have
 been discarded, as the fabric is too
 flimsy for graceful knotting.

   In choosing the evening ties, the
 shape of the collar worn must be con-
 sidered. If it be a poke or a lap-front,
 the tie should be broad and adjusted
 straight across rather than pinched in
 the center. Contrariwise, if it be a
 wing—and the wing continues to be
 favored by many men who cannot wear
 the other forms with comfort—the tie
 should be a modified “bat-wing,” snug
 of center and spreading of end.

                     Beaunash.

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.”
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

OVERCOATS

   Kenyon Overcoats have a distinctive style. When
 you examine a Kenyon Overcoat you will buy it, be-
 cause superiority of material and workmanship, price
 for price, is apparent throughout the line.

    You will receive the invisible advantage that your
 Kenyon Overcoat will hold its stylish shape as long as
 you wear it. The Kenyon features of construction,
 adapted from our discovery of how to make our
 Kenreign Raincoats hold their shape, make Kenyon
 Overcoats superior.

 Send us your dealer's name and addresc—we will see lhat you are
 supplied. Tell us the type of garment you desire and a Lou I what you wish to
 pay. We will immediately send you Fashion Plates and samples of doth. or.
 if you wish, forward complete garments to a dealer for your inspeclion. en-
 abling you. at your own convenience, to examine ihcsr celebrated coats.

 C. KENYON CO., 23 Union Square, New York
 Address Mail to Factories. 808 Pacific St., Brooklyn, N. Y.

" *

Anyone Can Now Secure a Perfect Figure

 You can add from 2 to 5 inches to your height, hroaden your
 shoulders, and increase your chest measurement by the simple,
 harmless and practical invention of a business man.

   Neither operation, electricity nor drugs are needed to
 secure these happy results. It causes no pain, no trouble
 and necessitates no loss ol lime or detention from busi-
 ness. Anyone, joung or old of either >ex, can successfully
 use this treatment in the privacy of their own home. Emi-
 nent doctors, scientists and gymnasium directors have en-
 dorsed it. Leading colleges and universities have adopted
 it. It is impossible for anyone to use this method without
 obtaining marvelous results.

FREE TO ANYONE.

   Exactly how it is done is explained in an intensely inter-
 esting book, beautifully illustrated from life, which the in-
 ventor will send absolutely free of charge to all who ask tor
 it. If you would like to increase your height and secure a
 perfect figure, if you want to overcome the embarrassment of
 being short and stunted; if you desire to secure all the ad-
 vantages of being tall, write to-day for this free book, which
 will be sent you by return mail, free of all charge, in a plain
 package. D6 not del»y, but learn the secret at once.
 Simply address

CARTILAGE COMPANY, 139 E UNITY BUILDING, ROCHESTER, N. Y.

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye."
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

POPULAR CLASSIFIED ADVERTISING SECTION

        We have opened this classified advertising section, and invite all reputable advertisers to come in
   —no display -all must be set in uniform type-no objectionable advertisements accepted-minimum
   space, four lines; maximum spice in this section, thirty lines. Our aim will be to eliminate all
   questionable advertisements, aud we bespeak our readers’ assistance to help keep this section clean
   and profitable to all. Rates 52.25 a line, which includes AINSLEE’S and SMITH’S Magazines
   making a total of 4.000,000 readers the cheapest and best Classified Advertising medium on the
   market. Next issua of POPULAR closes November J6th.

  UK VOl 'li o\VN Bt »SS:—Start Mini
Oi'ili'i' btnriuess nt home; devote whole
or Simrr t ime Wr tell Mill lnnv. Vert
good protlt. Everything tIll'll)-llftl.
No i 'utii In. >1111 Hi pro in i ritl (in i, Write .it
oueo for our "Starter" ami Ire** par-
ticular*. Address. M. L. Krucger Co.,
153 Washington St.. Chicago. Ill
LA I>Y SEW ICRS wanted to make
tip shield.-* tit home; $10 por lOO;
can make two an hour; work
sent prepaid to reliable wmueu.
Send reply eimdopo for informa-
tion to 1'iiivcr.snl Co., Desk (i, Phila-
delphia. Pa.

 At;ENTS. Portraits 3oc, Frame#
15c. sheet pictures le. stereoscopes
23c.views lc. 30 days credit. Samples
A-Catalog Free. Consolidated Portrait
Co., 2DO-U'S \V. Adams St.. Chicago.

  AGHNTS new invention. Never sold
in your territory. Coin morie v.
Everybody wild about them. Sells
on s.ji^lit. Free sample to workers.
Wri'e at once. Automatic Co.. L lot),
Cincinnati. (,).

 At;ENTS WANTED m every enmity
to soli tin- Transparent lluinlte
Pocket Knife. Big commission paid.
From $75 to $300 a month can be
made. Writ.*’ for terms. Novelty Cut-
lery <'o.. No, 1 4 It.ir St.. Canton. Ohio.

  A<rENTS $300 every niontli Belling
our wonderful 7-piece Kitchen Set
Sen 11 for sworn statement of $1J daily
profit. Outlir free. Thomas Atfg. Co.

3o:< Home Hidir.. Payton. O. _

  LE.vRN Telegraphy. Calls for our
graduates exceed supply. Under
supervision of K. It. Officials. Kallroml
wire?J tn selionl. Work for expenses.
Cat free Niit‘1 Telcg. Institute. Dept.
3. Cincinnati, O , Phila . Pa.. Memphis.
Tetin.. Davenport, I a.. Columbia. S. C.

  NEW Art. Fascinating,rapid money
maker. Youcan ileeorate china, burnt
wood, pillow top*, anything. plain or
colored from photographs. No talent
required, send stamp for information
P. P Valla nee Co.. I Ikli irt. Indiana
WANTED: lO.ooo Haibvav MnII
Clerks: City Carriers; Po-tolliee Clerks
appointed yearly. $000.00tof!tiOO,OD.
Many examinations coming 25 Free
Selnd:ir-lii|is. Franklin Instiiit1,

Dep t T. P. Rochester, N. V._____

  ELECTRIC tii lOPS, Big Cat 3 els.
I'nderseii all. Fortune for agents,
Battery I .amps, lanterns, motors. fans.
Ohio Electric Works. Cleveland, O.

 I.APY AGENTS wanted fora well
known rollet Article. >:t.oo perdav
easily earned. Charles Cllendeal

Co., Grand Rapids. Mieli._

  AGENTS—*75 Monthlv. 111 ■-1 a I Coiit-
bltuttiou Hollins Pin. !) artieles eom-
biued; lightning seller; sample free.
Fof-dice Mfg. Co.. box 213. Payton. O.

 AGF.NTS make $103.50 per month
selling wonderful self-sharpening .scis-
sors and ent'ery. V. 0. GJebner sold
22 pair-' hi 3 hours, made $13; you can
do it. W<- show how. Free outfit.
Thomas Mis;. Co.. 50 Home Bldg.,
Dayton, Ohio.

Agents and Help W anted— Continued.

 AGENTS. BOTH SEXES. Do ymi
want u big nellerl The Parisian Si.irt
Gauge, recently patented, si lls to
women who do their own dressma-
king. dressmakers aud ladies' tailoring
establishments. It la something which
they have long needed Hie price is
reasonable, the profit* large, and it is
no exaggeration to say you cun make
$2oo.o0 per month and upwards.
Now i* the time to get In on this; ex
elusive territory will be given. A
postal will hriug you full particulars
Tori lion Lace A- Mcrcuutile Co., iJepl.
23, St. Louts. Mo.

 •ATENTEP KEROSENE INCAN
PESCENT Burner. Attachable to any
lamp. Produces To candle power light,
savesfKi1.; kerosene ;exclusiveterritorv
F.C.t iotts< halk.'JTA Chambers St..N Y

  AGENTS: $200 00 per month easy,
selling “English Brand” Oils, anil eo-
proiliicts. Write at ouee for particu-
lar**. Euglisli Cheiuieul Co., 3l>th
& Union. Chicago_

 BEGIN NOW TO INCREASE
YOUR INCOME by correspond in;:
tor newspapers in spate time. Any
intelligent person anywhere may
learn the fisciuatiug vocation. Red
stamp brings interesting particulars
Write to-day to Secy.. United N< w-
System. Dept 311. Buffalo. N. Y_

  "DOLLARS A- SENSE" FREE! Col.
Hunter's Great Monk free wltli Adver
tisers Magazine one year at 50cents
Indispensable to business men who
advertise. Best "Ad-8chool" in ex-
istence. Simple magazine free Ad-
vertisers Magazine. 730 Commerce
Bldg.. Kansas City. Mo.

 "SUCCESS IN THE STOCK MAR
KET." Our little book gives interest-
ing derails. It's yours for the asking.
Write for it. Johii A. Boardtnan A- Co.,
Stock Brokers. 53 Broadway. N Y.

  .floo Vancouver. P. c. r.U"„ Cold
Bonds. $'.*6. so, .'*14 no, Cash. $" Monthly.
Lewis N. Rosenbaum Co,. Tne. In-
vestment Bonds. Capital A Surplus
$i:M.4tW.u:i, Wash. Block. Soatile.Wawh.

  M A K E $2600 to $7600 yearly without
capital. We teach you the real * state
ami jrcneral brokerage business b\
mail: appoint yon our special repre-
sentative; furnish yon with readily
salable real-estat* Und luvestnieiit';
help you secure i-ustomers and make
von quickly prosperous. Purlieu ars
free. Interstate Sales Co., *271 Times
Building. New York._

  PO You Want to Sell Your Business
or Real Estate? I bnv, sell and ex-
change all kinds of business plnces and
real estate. No matter where located
if you want to buy, sell it exchamrc.
address Frank P Cleveland, 1500
Ad.ims Express Building. Chicago. 111.

  #25.00 to $50.00 a week on a $100.00
investment, operating our Vending
Machines. Smaller investment will
start-you. Can tic looked after in your
spare time Write for plan. Caille.
Detroit, Mich.

Business Opportunities—Continued.

  THERE are. hundreds of articles fm
sale und exchange mi our list, lion t
\ oii want, boiiu-thing m exchange f..j
that article you haVe and do not need
*'rite for plan. Amerli un Exchange
4o7 .s. Broad St.. TiN-nlou. N. J

  ALFALFA and rruil lands in tin
Pecos Valley $5ll ail acre and up \Mli
make j on rich in a few years. Write
todux fur Pecos Valley literature mid
six months suliseriptioti to “’I In

I	arth" our laud journal free. C. L.
Seagi‘lives, Gen. Colonization Agent,
A. T. A-S. F. Ry., 1172 Ruil\*a\
E x change, Chicago.

  $3,000 TO $10.ooa yearly easily
made in real estate business; no cap-
ital required; we teach the bust mss
by mail, apjMiint you special renre-
sentative, assist you to success, Vul-
uaide book free. ’ The Cross Co., 2l»l
Reaper Blink. Chicago. See our oilier
advertisement in this magazine.

 START MAIL-ORDER BUSINKS*
Sell goods by mail; cash orders, bin
profits. Conducted by any oue, auy-
wiiere; "e supply everything. Our
plan positively .-iiccess/ul; sati«fin-
tton guaranteed. Write for free book-
let »ud sample catalogue. Central
Supply Co.. Kansas City, Mo.

 WE START Y'Ol in a permanent
i 11 si ness with us and furnish every-
thin'- Full course of insti uctioti free.
We are manufacturers and have a new
plan in the mail order line. Larve
profits. Small capital. Y'oti pay tisiu 3
mouths; make big protit. References
L'lven. Sworn statement-. PeaseM’g.
Co . Sf,2 Peas.- Bldg.. Buffalo. N. V.

  ••MY new store necessity is better
than a telephone. Bells better tkwiei'Kli
registers or scales ever sold. Sells for
$501o$ 11too. Your ubility alone liuuts
your possibilities. Salesmen. Territory
Mgrs. and local Agts. wanted. Ref. 1st
Ml Bank. Chicago. M «^, Pituere, 1«3-
180 Lake St.. Chicago." _

  TDK "Oil Book" is chockfull of In-
formation about the oil industry, Tells
how $170 made a million; bow Cali-
fornia Oil companies pay monthly
dividends from 2« to 20*. Copy

mailed tree, postage prepaid. Write
promptly. Lincoln Moriguge & Loan

•	o , Piu'itlc Bldg.. Sun Francisco. Calif.

  LA GLORIA, the first and most suc-
cessful American Colony in Cuba-
Easy payments on instalment plan-
possession after first payment. Hms.
booklet free, Cuban Land <fc Steamship
Co.. No. D32 Broadway. New \ortt.

 NEW JERSEY FARMS— 5 acres.
?100 $5 down. $5 monthly. 1' u,1‘<‘
from Atlnntie City. Tin- great all-ycnr-
round seaside resort. Near tlir-x
roads and two large towns. Soil act. l •
ted to fruits, early vegetables, po u-
trv. Mild healthful climate T‘tlc "j

silted. Write tor free booklet, pant*

Frazier Co.. OStS Bailey Building. Pkil
adelphia. Pa.

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.’
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

  PATENTS SECURED or tec re-
turned. Send sketch for free report
as to patentability. Guide Hook
and Wliat to Invent, with valuable
List of Inventions Wauled, sent free.
One Million Dollars offered lor one
invention; $16,000 forothera. Patents
secured by us advertised free in
World's Progress; sample free.
Evans. Wilkens &■ Company, 852 "F"
Street. Washington, D. C.

  PATENTS that PROTECT. Our 3
books for inventors mailed on receipt
of 6 centsstamps. R. S. & A. H. Lacey,
Washington, D. C. Established 1S6».

  patents that pav. z book* in-e.
••Fortunes in Patents—What and How
to Invent” and 8-1-page (Snide. E. E.
Vrooman. 1122 F. Wash.. I). . C

  SONG-POEMS. Send me yours to-
day anil «et Free Booklet showing how
to succeed. First-class music only. My
personal work on each. Satisfaction
guaranteed. One successful song
means fame and money. Arthur A.
Penn, Composer of “Caiissima."
“Kisses,” “Nightingale." ••Sca-Shells,”
etc., 3t» Daly's Theatre Bldg.. N. V.

  SHEET MUSIC 10c. -Merry Widow
Waltz, Toreador, Two Grenadiers.
Rosary, Calvary. Palms. Lost Chord,
Anchored, Goodbye, Could I. Kil-
larney. William Tell. Wedding March
and 1400 other regular 50c. numbers
postpaid 10c. each. Large Catalogue
Free. National Music Imporiiim.
Popular Desk, Albany, N. Y.

  MAKE money at. home: $'5 to $7.r»
weekly. Learn to be a chauffeur in one
mouth through our mail order course.
Become Manager of Branch Auto
School in your own section. We tell
you how, free. Pori laud Auto School,
Ml, Portland. Me.

 TYPEWRITERS, Ciiligruphs. $0.00;
Yost, Hammond. Williams, *1.0 0();
Remington, $12.00; Oliver, $25.00;
year's guarantee. Harlem Type-
writer Exchange (Dept. A. A.) 217
West 125th Street, New York City.

  WING PIANOS. BEST TONED AND
MOST SUCCESSFUL -Est'd 40 years.
Recent improvements give greatest
resonance. Sold direct. No agents. Sent
on trial-freight paid; first, last anil all
the time by us—to show our fail li in our
work. If you want a good piano, you
save $75—$200. Very easy terms. .
Slightly used "high-grades,” 1 Stein-
way. 3 CMckerings, ete..$75 up, taken
iu exchange for improved Wing pianos
—thoroughly r'finished. Send for bar-
gain li-t You should li ivc anyway— |
“Book of Complete Information About
Pianos." 152 pages. N Y. World says:
"A book of educational interest every-
one should have.” Free for the asking
from t he old house or Wing & Son,36J-
368 W. 13th St., New York.

    DEAF? Invisible EarPeliicletH.late-
 ly patented, will restore your Hearing
 and slop Head Noises prompt!y. Snpe-
 i ior to anything offered yet Mod.-ralc
 price. Write for booklet. The Pelliclet
 Co., 17 Grant Bldg., Atlanta, G.i

  TO THOSE HARD OF HEARING
 —An efficient aid sent for trial; no
 expense, no risk, no contract, no
 money unless device lie kept. Ad-
 dress A.,I. Tiemnnn & Co., 107 Park
 How. New York

For Men

   AGENTS—Sell Patented Kadiumite
 Self-Honing Slrop. Just being put
 out as an agency proposition. Strop
 covered by 16 patents. A $‘2.00 razor
 given free with every strop sold.
 Strop retails for $1.00. Millions In ing
 sold and agents coining money. Till ow
 away old. worn-out propositions for
 something new and salable. F. ,1.
 King made 33 sales one Saturday af-
 ternoon in t\vo hours. Outfit free.
 Thomas Mfg. Co., 903 Home Bldg.,
 Dayton, Ohio.

   BUTCHER'S BOSTON POLISH is
 the best finish made for floors and
 interior woodwork. Not brittle; will
 not scratch or deface like shellac
 or varnish. Send for tree booklet.
 For sale by dealers in Paints. Hard-
 ware and House Furnishings The
 Butcher Polish Co., 350 Atlantic
 Ave„ Boston. Mass.

   MINK Lined Fur Coat, lined with
 llnest Australian Mink, with elegant
 Persian Lamb Collar, cost, me $1‘25,
 will sell for .+35. Size 38— 40. Send
 express charges and I will forward
 C. O. I)., with privilege of inspection.
 Also my wife’s elegant Lynx si t, large
 rug muff, with extra 1 mg scarf. Cost
 me $65.. sell for $20. Dr Lewis,23
 West 34th St.. New Vo-lt City._

SHORT Stories. Book's, Plays,
revised aid typewritten. Best work,
sugg stions and terms. The Story and
Drama, Box 662, Portland. Me.

  BEST BOOKS FOR BOYS. No
 boy's Cliri'tnuis complete without a
 book by Edward Stratemeyer. For
 sale everywhere. Handsomely illus-
 trated catalogue free. Lothrop, Lee
 & Shepard CO.. Publishers. Bosion.

  GOLD FILLED WATCHES. 20
 years warranted, lady's, gentlemen s
 medium size, $5.50 each while IOO
 last, money back ir not bargain.
 Never such chance again. Tliisprice
 only to raise money. Southern Watch
 Co., 224 St. Paul Street. P.oom 15,
 Balto. Md.

TELEGRAPHY ....._.............

the shortest possible rime. The <
digraph Automatic Tian-niil!• r i
bined with Standard K. v anil Si

der. Sends your telegraph mess-

at any speed just as an expert*
erator would. 5 styles
cular free. Oiunigrai.h ~Mlg
39N. Corlhindr St., N. V.

  TELEGRA PHY-taught .,m. kh
R. wire hi sell (ml; liviug ^xprn-e* •
ed. Graduate-assisted Hon,, -i
also. Catalog free. DodireV lin»iit
24th Si.. Valpar;tiso. Ind I-.-.I.»I■ ]•

 Too/vS and
 Mar/i/nerv

  TOOLS! TOOI.M! We k.-.-pall km."
and sell them oil the closest piw>ji>|«
margins. Get oiu* net-prii-ed > ata
logue, sent free loivadei >.»f Pi.iti vu
Montgomery Co.. 101 Fulton m.
New York City

  SILK Petticoats made to your
 measure guaranteed two seasons.
 $5.00 up. Speslmltii Dropskirt .
 27(> Washingl on Arcade, Del roil. >Ii. li

   *	LAYS, Vaudeville Sk- tclics. Mm
logues. Dialogues, Speakers. Minslr• 1
Materia I.J<ikes. Recital ions. Tableaux,
Drills, Entertainments. Make Up
Goods. Large Catalog Free. T. S.
Denison. Pubi.. Dept. 19, Chicago.

COINS

  CERTAIN Coins Wanted. 1 payfrot
1 to 600 for thousands of rare coins,
stamps and paper money to 1S5M Send
stamp for circular, get pasted and
make money. Vonbergen. the Coin
Dealer. Dept. D., Boston. Mass.

ELOCUTION AND DRAMATIC ART
ACTING. Elocution. Oiatori. We
teach this fascinating and profit able
art by mail ami prepare you for flie
singe or speaker's plalfo-m. Booklet
Free, Chicago School ot Elocution.
104- (i in ml upera llons^. Clij. :i^--

To//e^

Ar/^/c/ciS

PERFUMERY Tablets. Agents want-
ed, voung or old. Bic profif;new thing.
Hi st oualitv. Sampl*- too. Banzigcr &
Da\ i~. li Etna Sr.. Wnterbury. C!»nii;

  -JUBILEE EDITION" of Page
Catalog Free Issued iu celebration
of the Quarter-Centennial of Page
Fence. Tells why over=00.000 farm, rs
Inn Page Fence, made of High
Carbon. Open Hearth. Spring Steel
Wire Shows win It is the most
economical fence on the market, fiend
T.,,l:iv for Free ••Jubilee Catalog.
Page Woven Wire Fence Co.. Box 1-4

Z. Adrian. Mich.___

~AN Excellent Christmas Present.
A set of six knives and six, forks of

Tell the Bubatitutor:

                                       Rogers heavy triple plated Silverware
 for only $4- 'Vill be sent Prepaid to
 anv address. R 8. Robinette * Co
 73&S Lexington Ave., Chicago, IU.
 "No, thank you. I want what 1 asked for. Good-bye.”
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Six volume*, page »ii

I dlu.lriili..n«, itinirrnin..

                      Tv IO Inches; 3.000 |>atn: 2.000
full paire |ilule«. irrliuni, Ulldt-*,
formula*. ole. Ilounil in half ceil ninenee.i.

  I Ins is the in st exhaustive work on I ngineertng ever
compiled. Cvivers the » hole Held of It--ilt*r. I.ngine, Ii- iiamo
and Motor Operation—Electric Lighting— Wirlm;— Heating
—Ventilation—Refrigeration—Machine Shop Practice—Me-
chanical Drawinir — Blue Print Making—etc.. etc.

  Engineers find it invaluable for reference in preparing for
license examination’;. Am engineering pii-Wem quickly
sohe-l by studying t"e pra tical problems with full Solnii n
ill every section. Tells every man just wliat he ought to
know in a plain and concise manner.

FREE 5-DAY OFFER

 Absolutely Fi:EH for S days' examination. Sent express
 prepaid oil r--cei ('t of Coupon. If you " i>h to keep the IhioUs,
 pay JJ.flu 11it'11n days and $- <>«» .» month until you have
 l^iid the spe al Jlfl.r.o pri. e; otherwise return them at our
 exliel!—- > p rcl ii I Prl.-t- *|.H.OO—K< guln r I* el <-t‘
 no. * inter within So days and we will include
 FREE for one year, as a monthly Supplement the
 TECHNICAL WORLD MAGAZINE
 a live. u|"t-i-the-iniuuie. fl .80 monthly, cro»ded «ith special
 articie^ and interring photographs on the most recent ap-
 plication-. of the principles covered in the Cyclopedia.

PARTIAL LIST OF CONTENTS

 Boiler* — Calorimeter — Pumps-— I levators — Indicators—
 Vilve Gear-.—Turlvlnes—Refrigeration—Steam. C.a* and < HI
 I-ngtnes—Marine Engine* and Boilers—Condensers—Navi-
 gation—Locoin tilr Engines and Boilers—Air Brakes—
 Machine Shop Work—Ventilation—Heating—Mechanical
 Drawing—AirCompre-sors—Principles and Management nf
 Direc t Current D> ninnos and M'tor—Electric Lighting and
 Wiring—storage Batteries—Automobiles, etc.

AMERICAN SCHOOL of CORRESPONDEKCE

CHICAGO. U. S. A.

FREE OFFER COUPON

C/tf .iH.f m.ti t.'J.iy.

 American Si-h'.ul of t'nrre«pnnd»n»i'l

 Pie ise send -d Cyclopedia • f Engineering for ft .lays' free
 e- iiniuati-'ii. Also Technical Worl I for I sear I "ill send
 (III uitlllnlSdivs and ft <>0 a month untU I have paid $t& «0;
 ot er.vlsc I w ill ir-tifv ymi nnd hold th lawks Subject tu your
 order. Title tint lo (iass until fully pai I.

I NAME.....................................................

ADDRESS.................................................

| OCCUPATION.................................

EMPLOYER...............................

Pop. Mag. la-oB.

FREDERICK dyer. C-or. Sec.

 Manic Foot Drafts are curing many of ihe very toughest
 cases .in record-chronics ol :«» and *«• vrars snffet mg—
 after doctors. baths and
 medicines had ulterlv failed.

Let Magic Foot Drafts cure
vou. Just send your address.

 Return mail will luing the
 Drafts. Trv them. Then if
 you are fuilv satisfied with
 the benefit received vou can
 send us One Dollar. If rot, keep your mone>. vve ibm?

 >0\\ e couldn't make such an offer if the Drafts were not a
 real cure, foi no one pnvs, until satisfied. Let us sena
 vou ..pair. Magic Foit Draft Co.. I 236 E Oliver Bid*.,
 Jackson. Mich. Send no money. Write today.

DEAFNESS

The Morley Phone”

                     »A miniature Telephonefor

                        •	the Kar. Im iH!*»le, easily
                        adjusted, mid entirely com-
                        fortable. Makes low sounds

                       anilwhisporp plainlyheard.
               w	Ovpr fifty thousand sold. givlnKin-

               stant relief from deafness and head noises
       'IHlm There are but few rases of deaTneM
       BlvL. that eannot be benefited.

Write for Booklet and Testimonials.

THE MORLEY CO.. Dept. 76. Perry Bldi. 16th * CbeUool SU.. PU1**

Tell the substitutes "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-by#.*

•	a onttl I'ovilJt: That * the

,	jjj (i-ii	We ale I ' — .Ug and -.ear hing for it

i	cu-rv \>hctc,~in I lie |-over house, the engine

IVKp^^e room, tlie olii. e. but more especially iu our
lives. 1 he shirker never finds it—never reaches
the goal. Just the worker—the man with the ideas—the
trained, well-li.tlance I mau. r.ettei pay an.l inure tnugrnial
imi.; lie within your reucll. Nulus* of time—justu feu lu.uis'
Home Study each w eek.

Cyclopedia ot Engineering

RHEUMATISM

Let us send you TO TRY FREE, our new
$1.00 External Treatment, which
is Curing t housands.

SEND YOUR NAME TODAY

Send us your address and you'll pet by return
mail a pair of Magic Foot Drafts, the great New
Michigan Iixlernal remedy for all kinds of rheuma-
tism, chronic, acute, muscular, sciatic, lumbago
or gout, no matter where located or how severe.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

3ARNEV 8. BERRY

-^BARNEY 8r BERRY

      The exhilaration afforded by skating has no parallel in any other spon.
  You will feel better yourself if you will take an occasional spin on the ice.
  Be sure your skates are perfectly fitted and substantially constructed—free
  from faulty material and careless workmanship. In short, buy the celebrated

BARNEY 8 BERRY SKATES

(Quality made the name famous)

          Let us send you our new illustrated catalog. Make your
          selection and then tell your hardware or sporting goods dealer
          just what you want. He will have it or will order it for you.

 Complete Hockey Rules and directions for constructing an ice rink also
 appear in catalog. Write for it at once.

      BARNEY & BERRY
      87 Broad Street, Springfield, Mass.

  Greatest Love Story
       Written in 100 Years

   This great heart-interest love story was written early in the nineteenth century by a French Abbe

(Priest). It is not the kind of story you would expect a priest to write. It is the story of the most
beautiful womi'i in France—the story of an unfaithful woman and her sorrows—and how those sorrows
turned her vacillating affection into the pure gold of iovc. It is a story that has a heart thrill on every page—
a story that appeals to every man or woman who ever loved, or was loved. It is the kind of story that a
hungry booklover would spend days in old bookshops looking for—if he knew that such a book existed. Guy
de Maupassant, the greatest French story writer, at his best, never equalled this great story. And de
Maupassant, himself, savs that no writer, French or American, in the past 100 years, has ever produced so
strong a story as this almost unknown book.

READ THIS BOOK AT OUR RISK

   The first edition of this book was subscribed for at 230 francs per copy—*50.00 n copy in <>nr money.
And private editions costing much more than this have from time to time" been printed. Now. for the first
time, this wonderful book is placed within your easy reach at practically the bare cost of paper, ink. printing.
The edition we offer is the best translation—written into clear, strong, vivid English that none can fail to
understand and appreciate. Instead of selling this edi'ion at a high price per copv. we are going to give it
away, almost, in connection with subscriptions to the Woman’s World. The Woman's World is the greatest
and most fearless publication in the world which now reaches over 2.000,000 homes Edwin \\. S’ms, the
U. S. District Attorney who represented the U. S. Government in the famous $29,000,000 Standard Oil case,
has two articles in the Woman’s World on "The White Slave Trader of Today,'’ and "Why Girls Go Astray.
Mr. Sims says “The ‘White Slave Traders’ have reduced the art of ruining voting girls to a national and inter-
national system." By reading these articles by the great Districl Attornev in connection with this book
many pitfalls may be avoided. Other contributors to Woman's World are Joseph Medill Patterson, (icorge
Ade, Geo. Barr McCutcheon, Roswell Field, Opie Read, Clara T.ouise Burnham, Ella Wheeler \\ llcox. ana
many others. The Woman’s World is a great national publication.

Alin HI /Nil I-1 APFFO The annual subscription price of the Woman’s
CJ IJ |\ |\| fj VF I C J r r P |\ World is 25 cents. As Ion- as tins edition ■ >! this

                                                            great book lasts we will send you a copv for only 2o
cents extra. Simplv send us 50 cents and we will immediately deliver vou a copy of this famous love s*or'‘
and will enter you for a full year of the Woman's World. Best of all we take the w\u le risk. Our novel otter
is: The pa^es of the book are uncut; if after cutting half the pages of the book you feel that the storv is not as
interesting as we represent, remail the book and we will remit its cost. Surely you will want this greatest
and rarest love story when it and a vear's subscription to Woman's World are placed within your easy reacn
for only 50 cents. Send us 50 cents today, and say, “I accept your offer in Popular Magazine. Send to Dept. iu

CURRIER PUBLISHING CO., 46-48 W. MonroeSt., Chicago

Tell the eubBtitutor: “No, thtnk yon, I went what I Mked for. Good-bye."
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

  Brown

Your Hair

SEND FOR A TRIAL

“—You'd never think I STAINED my hair, alter I use
Mrs. Potter’s Walnut Juice Hair Stain. Every single hair
will be evenly stained from tip to root. I apply it in a
few minutes every month with a comb. 'I he stain doesn't
hurt the hair as dyes do but makes it grow out fluffy."

Stain your hair any shade of brown, from a rich golden
brown to almost black, so it will defy detection. It only
takes you a few minutes once a month to apply Mrs.
Potter's Walnut-Juice Hair Stain with your comb. Stains
only the hair, doesn't rub off, contains no poisonous dyes,
sulphur, lead or copper. Has no odor, no sediment, no
grease. One bottle of Mrs. Potter's Walnut-Juice Hair
Stain should last you a year. Sells for $ 1.00 per bottle at
first-class d: uggists. We gua rantee satisfaction. Mrs.Pot-
ter's Hygienic Supply Co., 669 Groton Bldg., Cincinnati,O.

TRIAL PACKAGE COUPON

     (Tut out this coiimoii. fill In your name an I niHrens on dotted Hum l*elnw
«n I niiiMf Ciito ;«tnn|>s m cnltu find we will nmil jri*. i'Iiitjm |-«»—
imIiI, n trial luirUnie. in plain setilcil wrapper willi valuable imoklcl
Ilair. Jim Potter's Hygienic Sn|i|i)y Co.. Clio Minton Klili;., Cincinnati, O.

NEVER FAILS. Sure Pop

BLACK-HEAD REMOVER.

This little dovice is n mo^t wonderful thing for persons svliose
f.tce full "t bluclt-lieiid*. Simple iiud easy to operate, and the
only sure cure. lly placing directly^ over the black-head, and
following iluoif ionn, bring* It mvay. Never fails. Takes their out
mound l.lie imso ,iml all purls of the face. Sent, postpaid for
'nVKNT V.I'IVB cent*. Olhar useful articl**. Catalogue
mid illuslruled circulars fron, Agents wanted. Address.

C. BURGIE & CO., Central Bank Bldg., Chicago, 111.

Srr.t on Appnvnl. Srmi No Money. $1.50

WE Will. TRUST YOll TEN DAYS. HAIR SWITCH

     bend .1 lock of yonr halt, and wt will mall a IJi o*. "J in. short
item fine human halt twitch to match. If you
fiml it a l>l|* bargain. remit fi 50 In ten day*. o>
tell 3 and get yoiie.wll.h fee*. Extra shades a
little n»rr Ini lose &r postage. Free beauty
book ihowini; lateM style of hair dresaln^aita

POCKET EDITIONS

USEFUL SUBJECTS tOc. EACH. Sheldon'. L.'tler Writer:
Shirley'. lever's Guide; Woman's Secrets; Ot. How to Be Beautiful;
Guide to Ktiqielte; Physical Health Culture; Frank Merriwell's Book
of Phy.icnl Development; Nolion si Dream Boot; Zinnurs Fortune Teller;
The Att ol Boxing and Self-defense; The Key to Hypnotism; U- S.

Atmy Physical Exercise* (revised).

      STREET A SMITH.
79 Seventh Avenue.

Publishers

New York City

DEAFNESS

AND CATARRH

Successfully Treated
By “ACTINA”

Ninety-five per cent, of the cases of deafness brought
t<> unr intention are the result of chronic catarrh oi the
throat and middle ear. The an passages become clogged
by i iiuin hal deposits, stopping the action of the vibratory
bones. Until these deposits are removed teliel is impos-
sible. 1 he inner ear cannot be reached
by probing or spraying, hence the in-
ability oi specialists lo iilway.s give re-
lief. That there is a -.cientifie'ti euiincnt
lor most forms ot deafness and catarrh
is demonstiated every day by the
•‘Actina” tieatment. The vapor gener-
ated in the “Actina" passes through
the Eustachian tubes into the middle
ear, removing the catarrhal obstruc-
tions and loosens up the bones Cham-
met, anvil and stirrup) in the inner
eai. making them respond to the vibra-
tion of sound. "Acuna" is also vetv
successfnl in relieving head noises. We
have Iniivn people nfflicted with tl.is
distressing trouble for years to be com-
plet*ly relieved in a few weeks by this
wonderful invention. “'Actina" has also
been very successful in the treatment of la grippe,
asthma, bronchitis, sore throat, weak lungs, colds, head
ache and other troubles that are directly or indirectly
due to catarrh. ‘‘Actina” will be sent on "trial, postpaid.
Write us about your case. Our advice will be free us well
as a valuable book— Prof. Wilson's Tieatise on Disease.
Address Actina Appliance Lo., Dept. 9ttC, 811 Walnut St..
Kansas City, Mo.

CHIP, OF THE FLYING U

By B. M. BOWER

THIS tale is so thoroughly- imbued with the spirit
of the living, breathing Wo«t, that the render is
likely to imagine that he himsell is cantering over
the grassv plains and imbibing the pure air of the prairie
in companv with Chip. Weary, Happy Jack and the other
cowbovs of the Flying U Ranch. The story is a comedy,
but there are dramatic touches in it that will hold the
reader breathless. Pathos and humor are adroitly com-
mincled, nnd the author seems to be as adept at por-
traying one as the other. The "Little Doctor makes a
verv lovable heroine, and one doesn’t blame C hip in tne
leant for fnlling in love with her. The book ^e'jewcr,*
task would be a pleasant one if all his work had to uo
with such wholesome and delightful stories as Chip, ot
the Flving U." If this book doesn’t immediately take
rank as one of the best sellers we shall lose faith in tne
discrimination of the American reading public. Beau i-
fully illustrated in colors by Mr Charles M. Kussei ,
the greatest painter of cowboy life in America.

PRICE, $1.25

STREET & SMITH - Publishers - New York

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye."

I WILL MAKE YOU
PROSPEROUS

       If you are honest and ambitious write tne
 today. No matter where you lire or what
 your occupation. I will teai-h you the Real
 Lstate business tiy mall; appoint you Special
 Representative of mv Company Inyourtown;
 start you lo a profitable business ot your
 own, and help you make big money at once.
 Unusual opportunity for men without
 capital to become Independent for life.
 Valuable Book uud full particulars tree.
 \Velt e today.

 NATIONAL CO-OPERATIVE REALTY CO.
          109 Marden ItuiUilng
          Washington. I). C- _
TIIE POPULAR IfAC AZIN E ADVERTISER

Your dreams

can be
realized.

                             Dreams are but slumbering ambition
                             waiting for opportunity. Opportunity

                                      is a force, visible only to those who are ready
                                      to grasp it.

Your opportunity is right in front of you—
the firm is just waiting for you to prove up.
They don’t care who you are—it’s what you are.

   A better position is waiting for you—more fay—shorter hours—cleaner and easier
work—authority—just what you have been looking forward to and dreaming about.

ARE YOU PREPARING YOURSELF FOR THIS ADVANCE? Special

Training will count then. Your hours of “lamp study” will be rewarded.

    If you are built of the right timber, if you have been improving yourself instead of idling
away your leisure hours, you will be ready when the call comes.

   Our “Home Study** course is just what
you need to occupy your time during the long
winter evenings. Bright, pleasant, interesting
studies, that will rest you after a hard day at the
shop. The lessons are never long enough to tire.

They are written by practical, technical men.

    Pick out the course that suits your taste and
present employment. Make every snare moment
count until your DREAMS ARE REALIZED.

   We help men help themselves.

American School of Correspondence

CHICAGO. U. S. A.

FREE INFORMATION COUPON                               
             /■>// in and until to-day.               
Amrrlrnn Schn..l or C'orrf.|innd*iifr: |              
vir.„t >rml vie free haud-b^oJ.-- I                   
iiitr.e.tfl in the- roid-w moil'd “-IV                
.. Elrctriral Knplm-^rinir    . T»lf|ihon» PrKlliT    
....Mechnnlmil Innnlnir       ■jvlriirarbj            
Mrrhnnirnl Kneinwrlnir        Kl-rrI »IM. PM. I»H>    
Civil Fnrinr**rinr            ||*»i. Uni. 4 PliiBil.. 
Slat Innarv Kn*ln*-*rin*      Trillin                 
... .Slrnetiirnl KoBllirrrlnc . ('..lire. Pr*p. I»»r« 
... archilMtur*               lOllln- fur rMrn« IO    
____SIroetnrnl llrnfllnc      mghiMrin; nehool i      
.... Hidrnnllr*                                       
                                                      
                                                      
                                                      
                                Popular llagaztBC __  
Tell the eubititutor: “No, thank you, I want what I aaked for. Good-bye.'
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

MON. EDWIN W. SIMS

   U. S. District Attorney, who represented the Govern-
   ment. in :he fatuous J=9.ooo,txis Standard OU caie.

WOMAN’S WORLD

FOUR MONTHS FREE

    The WOMAN’S WORLD has the largest circula-
 tion In the world—over two million monthly. To intro-
 duce to new readers we will send free the September, Oc-
 tober, Novemlier and December issues of this year. See
 Free offer below. Just lo give you an idea of what a live
 magazine the WOMAN'S WORLD is, the following are a
 lew of the features in these four free issues, copies of
 which will be sent you at once upon receipt of your accep-
 tance of this offer.

     “The White Slave Trade of Today,” by Edwin W.
 Sims, U. S. District Attorney in Chicago. An account of
 the prosecution by the United States Government of
 the White Slave traders who, Mr. Situs states, "Have re-
 duced the art of mining young girls to a national aud
 international system.”

    “The Most Interesting Thing In the World,” a

 fascinating symposium by George Ade. George Barr Me-
 Cutcheon, Forrest Crissey, Will Payne, and William
 Hodge, the actor.

     “The Journal of Julie,” the confidential and per-
 sonal experiences of a young country girl winning her way
 in a great city.

     “The Old homes and the New,” by Hon. Adlai K.
 Stevenson, former Vice-President of the United States.

     “Why Girls Go Astray,” by Kdwin W. Sims United
 States District Attorney, written strictly from the view-
 point of a lawyer who deals with tins delicate and difficult
 problem.

     “The Sins of Society,” by Joseph Med ill Patterson.

 author of “A Little Brother of the Rich.” Mr. Patterson
 says “That society women relegate all functions of useful*
 ness excepting one—the bearing of children—and that they
 are not inclined to discharge this function as they ought.”

  CHICAGO TRIBUNE

       says editorially:

  "The revelations made by Ihe United States
  District Attorney Sims in the current number
  or WOMAN'S WORLD should be given as
  wide a currency as possible.

  "As Mr. Sims says, thousands of Eirls from the
  country are entrapped each year, and he points
  out Ihe pitiful fact that the parents of a great
  majority of these unfortunates arc unaware of
  their fate. As a consequence of this stale of public
  ignorance, the traffic proceeds unchecked save by
  Ihe efforts of prosecuting officials, which are
  necessarily restricted and temporary in effect."

     “The Maid of Millions,” by one. How a girl who has unlimited money spends her life,

     “The Sins of the Fathers,” bv Cyrus Townsend Brady.

     “l.ove Making in Foreign Lands,” by Prank L- Pixlev, author of “King Dodo,’ "Ihe
 Burgomaster," “Prince of Pilsen," etc.

     “Christian Science Faith/* by Clara Louise Burnham, author of “Jewel Story Book,"
 “The Opened Shutters," etc.

     Mow My Face Won $10,000.00 bv Miss Della Carson, First Prize winner in Chicago
 Tribune fto.ooo .no Beauty Contest. Miss Carson, how she manages to look like a girl 16 years
 old, whereas she ii nearly thirty.

             Other contributors In these (our issues are: Roswell Field, Hlla Wheeler Wileor,
             B

 t in i

 I <11 |*l»

WOMAN'S
WORLD. J

 Dtpt.il2. Chic ago

 Semi me free cnpien
 th* *4 oman'a \S iirtd ><f
 S«pt . «M . Nov an.I f)ec.
 cnnlvfl.ni; »H of Ihr fen
 lure* nwnnomd in your adv
 I- n, tovil Mnd 2» ,enl*to P*t t«»
 aabocriptloft |» Woman’* wood
 for ihe entire vear of l«0» Alao
 wnd me aa a f*<«lpt 1h« photofnivur*
 of Della Caraon

illiott Flower, Klia W. Peattie. Margaret K. Sangster, Oj;ie Read, Gen. Charles King.

 Harriett Prescott Spofford, Forrest Crissey, Allen D. Albert, Maud Radford Warren,
 v Stiinlev Waterloo. Frank L. Stanton, John Kendrick Bang*. and many others.
 The WOMAN'S WORLD is printed in colors and is a great little magazine.

                 ■TDin? rkE'E'C'D 1” order to show new readers what n live
                 a KILEi wi a	magazine the Woman’s World is today

              we will send at once the Sept.. Oct.. Nov. and Dec. Christmas issues of
              this year alwolutely frer to everyone who send* us only 25 cents now to
              pay for a full year's subscription for the entire year of 1909.

               I’V'TDA Arrro Alco, evervone who accepts this offer
               la I KA lir r -wj|i „|vo |)e sent, „s „ receipt for

their 1909 subscription, a beautiful large size photogravure o

\t;ou !la«11n I'liru/in u intwr of	Pfl/J* it! ClllOHlfO I nlHlflC S

  Miss Della Carson, winner of First Prize in Chicago
  f 10,000.00 Beauty Contest.

Woman’s World,sub.Depi.52.cmc«oo

T*ll tb« nulmtitator: "No, thank you, I want what 1 asked for. Good-bye.'
Tirr. POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

(Established 1S7im
“Cures While You Sleep.”

Whooping-Cough, Croup,
Bronchitis, Coughs,
Diphtheria, Catarrh.

Confidence can be placed in a remedy
which for a quarter of a century has earned un-
qualified praise. Restful nights are assured at

 once.	Cresolene is a Eoon to

Asthmatics.

A 1.1, IMtL'GUISTS.

Semi FmOil inr Descriptive
llaoktet.

                                  Cresolene Antiseptic
                                  Throat Tablets for the
                                  irritated throat, of your
                                  druggist or from us, 10c.
                                  in stamps.

The Vapo-Cresolene Co.

180 Fulton St., N. Y.

ni*nsr-Jnilen RMs.. Blnntrenl,
Caiwdi

Deafness Cured

BY NEW DISCOVERY

“I have demon-
str a t e d that
deafness can be
cured.99 — Dr.
Guy Clifford
Powell.

   Tlioaci n t nf how to use the mysterious and invisible
nature forces fur the care of I)e:ifnoss and Head Noises
li:e* at last been discovered by the famous Pliysieiau-
S'cicnrlst, Dr. Ouy ClifforT Powell. Deafness and Head
Molses disappear as if by magic under tiie use of tliis new
and "ondiTfiii discovery. He will send all who suffer
ft 'in Deafness and Head Noises full information bow tliey
ran l»* cured, absolutely free, no matter how long they
have been deaf, or what caused their deafness. This
marvelous Treatment Is so simple, natural and certain
that you will wonder why it was not discovered before.
Investigators are astonished and cured patients them-
eHres marvel :it the <fii elc results. Any deaf person can
piave full information bow to lie cured quickly and cured
stay cured at home without investing a cent. Write
.today to Dr. Ouy Clifford Powell, 3625 Bank Bldg.,
Peoria, HI., and get full information of tlrla new and
■wonderful discovery, absolutely free.

 ilMuture

onaSolidFoundatioi

                TAKE LESSON FROM THE MODFRN
 SKYSCRAPER. More expert knowledge and
 engineering ability is if quirt d to propedy con-
 struct the foundation than to build tiie whole
 n peretructure. "Build your future on a
 solid foundation." See to it that every brick
 ef knowledge—every stone of experience u
 can fully selected and laid. Keep the blue print
 of life constantly in nind. that you may kiiow
 the load your foundation is expected to carry; over-estimate
 rather than under-estimate it. Use e nough ballast so that story
 after story of training may be added w ithout overloading

THE CYCLOPEDIA OF

ARCHITECTURE
CARPENTRY and BUILDING

 will guide you safely thrcugh eveiy ^Liking problem. 10 volumes
 Page size 7x10 inches. Bcind in fall mcrecco. Over 4.000
 pages—plainly printed cn best paper. 3.CC0 illustrations and val-
 uable tables.

    Every building point covered thoroughly. Written by practical,
 technical men. Ccntains trany Mrdem House Plans, chosen by a
 staff of architects as the best werkef the best architects in the whole
 country. Practical ptoblems in construction and their solution
 Money saving suggestions for home builders. Tells how to esti-
 mate cost cf frame or reinforced concrete construction. Coxrplete
 instruction on sanitary installation of pluml ing and ventilation. Also
 hundreds of useful furnace, steam heat and hot water healing hints.
 An ever ready reference work and guide.

FREE FIVE DAY OFFER]

LESS THAN HALF PRICE

Sent express prepaid on receipt of Coupon, for 5 days' FREE
examination. If you wish to keep the books pay $2.00 within 5
days and $2.00 a rronth until you have paid the special $24 00
price: otherwise notify ls to send for them at our expense. Regular
price $50.00. Place your order proirpdy and we will include
FREE for one year as a monthly supplement, the

Technical World Magazine

A popular magazine with a technical turn containing the latest
discussion on timely topics in Science. Invention, Discovery and In-
dustry, also the best Fiction. Biography. TraT(l *n“ Humor, in
fart, the best of everything. Illustrated with scores of interrating
photographs.

Partial List ol Contents

Reinforced Concrete—Estimating—Commits and Specifica-
tions—The l aw ol Com met* and lien-—Iti.ildsnj; Mipi nnlen-
elence—Huilding Materials— Mnsonrj Car|>< mry—stair Huild-
ing—Hardware— 1 liistcring— Painting— Healing—'N ennlation
Wiring for Door Kells, ISurginr Alarm* —Steel Construction—
Elevators—Sheet Metal Pattern Dmfiinc Mechanical. Archi-
tectural, Freehand and Perspective lira" mt—l ettering—Btoe

I	riming— Shades and Shadows- I lie C.rrek and K* man Orders
of Architecture— Rendering in Pen anil Ink and Wash—Water
Color Hints for Draftsmen.

AMERICAN SCHOOL OF CORRESPONDENCE

CHICAGO, u. s. A.

FREE OFFER COUPON

Fill In and Mail Today

American School ol Coreeaoondonce:

Please send set ,.f<->xlo,-e.lia A,chUe,-.,-re CwPMtg andjlulIdme
for days' free rvam.i.nt.o.i Also c hnu a I U cnid loc i >c
*eml f- «itilln r# Hays ami 52 n month until 1 nave fuld	.

S I will notify you and hold the hook, sut.Je. I I., your or.ter. Title
not to pass until fully paid.

NAME.........

ADDRESS.....

OCCUPATION.

EMPLOYER...

Popular Magazine la-on.

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank you, I want what I aaked for. Good-bye.”
THE rOPUIAR MAGAZINE A OVERTISER

THE THIRD INGREDIENT

is one of those O. Henry stories pitched midway between a burlesque and
a heart throb, that have made him such thousands of friends. It’s a
shop-girl, an artist, and a millionaire. Here’s a bit of it:

•	• • “Cecilia, kid." said the shot--girl. oiling the sharp saw of her voice as well as she could,

        "there's on onion outside. With a young man attached. I’ve asked him in to dinner. You
        ain't going to krek, are you?”

              "Oh, dear!'' said Cecilia, sitting up and patting her artistic hair. She cast a mournful
         glance at the ferry-boat poster on the wall.

              •Nit." said Hetty. "It ain't him. You're up against real life now. I believe you said
         your hero friend had money and automobiles. Thi» is a poor skeexick* that's got nothing to
         eat but an onion. But he's easy-spoken and not a freshy. I imagine he's been a gentleman,
         he’s so low down now. And we need the onion. Shall I bring him in? I’ll guarantee his be-
         havior,"

              “Hetty, dear." sighed Cecilia. "I'm so hungry. What difference does it make whether
        he's a prince or a burglar? I don't care. Bring him >n if he's got anything to eat with him." * * •

For the rest of this story look in the December Everybody’s Magazine.

Everybody'* Magazine i>
famous for its stories.
This Christmas number
has a raft of good ones,
and several fact stories
that almost beat the
others out.

'erybodt/s
~&gazme

15 cents a copy, $1.50 a year

A complete child's booh
for Christmas. Eight
pages in beautiful color,
with verses, are bound in-
to the Christmas Every-
body's. This is in addition
to all the other good things.

Here’s an Attractive Special Oiler.

Three standard magazines, each
leader ol its Kind

3 Magazines
for
One Year

'■ THE MAGAZINE LIBRARY

EVERYBODY’S MAGAZINE 1	gift ("A
THE WORLD’S WORK , All for
and the DELINEATOR )	^

THE RIDGWAY COMPANY, UNION SQUARE, NEW YORK CITY

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.”
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

SHAW STOCKING COMPANY. 131 Shaw Street, LOWELL, MASS.

ONDS

LOFTIS SYSTEM

Buy Your Christmas Gifts on 8 Months' Time

  U*e the LoftlB system. It enables von to make beautiful and valuable presente without the outlay
  of much money. B> giving creilii and lowest prices we make *i or tlO do the work that tSfl duet
  ? Btore*	Illltt.SKI.KI TIoNS SOW. Send for a copy of our biindsomel.'hnstniHK Catalog,

  and «n the privacy of your own home select the articles you desire, and we will send them to your
  home, place of business, or express office, for your Inspection. If you like them, pay one rlftb on
  delivery and the balance In 8 equal monthly amounts. We (rive a signed guarantee of vnlue
  and quality with every dlnmond.nlso the privilege of exchange forfull value ot any time for
  lAPVIfl anv 0,her article of Jewelry from our million dollar stock. We take all

■OrTISThs°'V;l;*bleCrG:iK;;8'“roniJI>r,*~&n, -

 ■■BIOS. A CQ. 0ipt.PM6 92 S^lt«sl°ChiClt, I citWSTM A8 CAT A LOO *T «M>A

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.”
77//- POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

          We Can X
         Open This Door
         For You

More Pay and Shorter
Hours

              You can’t enter that door now l>e-
 caus^CTTare not a trained man.

   They don’t want to use your strength in the
 office—they want your brains—

   But they must be trained brains—educated
 brains And the training of brains—training
 your brains—is our work.

   You are not handicapped in any other way. Your
 brains are just as good as those of the man earning
 twice or three times as much money as you are. Hut
 while you were wasting jour spare time—lie has been
 training his mind by a course of home study.

The Freeport Way Will Raise Your Pay

    Earn while you learn. Learn to do the kind of work you
 like best and you will, in six months, be fitted for a better
 position—more pay and shorter hours.

    We want to explain to you how easily yon may do this.
 We want to show you that to retain interest in your studies
 — to avoid discouragement—you must take the

Freeport Correspondence School Training Course

    Because it gives you the actual work to do. Your lesson
 papers—your examinations and all criticisms and letters of
 help are prepared and written personally by instructors who
 are practical men. not mere teachers of theory. These men
 can do the work they teach.

    If you are already employed in a fairly good position—
 we can take you farther—we can help you rise to the very
 top in your employment or profession to draftsman or chief
 draftsman, to architect or employer, etc.

    Or if you arc stumbling .blindly along—earning' a bare
 living if you are in a rut—Wake up man1 What of the
 future? Are you going to be a drudge all your life. Does
 not life moan more to you than three meals, a place to
 sleep and but few pleasures?

    Decide what you wish to make of yourself. How much
 more salary you want. We will explain how you can do
 what you want to do and earn what you want to earn.
 Write today that is the first step toward freedom, toward
 more money than you ever earned before. You can do it
 if you will. Will you?

    Fill out coupon, mail it today. It will be the turning
 point of your life. Mark the position you wish to fill. We
 have a special proposition that will interest you. Why
 waste a single day? Why not write this minute?

NOW DO IT

  FREEPORT CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

 48 Rice Bids., Freeport, III.

  <• position before which I have mn

     J would Ilk*.' tin" |K»lU«n before which I have marltwl a crows i X i.
 Plem explain, wllhoi'i coat lo ma, how I cun gut such a |huuUo»
 and be sure to hold lt-

 Mechenlcal Draftsman
 Architect

 Architectural Draftsman
 Carpenter and Joiner
 Manual Training Inatr.

  Bookkeei>er
  Advertiser
  Business Penman
  Stenographer
  Ki«m Engineer
  Stationary Fireman
  Locomotive Fireman

 . ..............AUK .

CITY..........

 BT, or R. V. D.

 ...STATE ...;
 OCCUPATION

 It

 IGNORANCE of the laws
    of self and sex will not

    excuse nil ruction of
 Nature’s decree. '1 he knowl-
 edge vital to a happy, suc-
 cessful life has been col-
 lected in ••SEXOLOGY."

A BOOK FOR EVERY
      HOME

                    (Illustrated)

  Of IVilliam H Walling, A. M., M. D.

  contains in one volume :

       Knowledge n Young Man Should Have.
       Knowledge n Young Husband Should Have.
       Knowledge :t Futiiet Should Have*

        Knowledge n Father Should Impart i>. Hi*.Son.
 Medic.,) Knowledge n Husband Should Have.
 Knowledge a Young Woman Should Have
 Knowledge u Young Wife Should Have
 Knowledge a Mother should Have.

 Knowledge a Mother Should Impart to Her Daughter.
 Medical Knowledge a Wife Should Have,

  “Sexology” is endorsed, and is in the libraries of *he
  heads of our government and the most eminent phy-
  sicians, pi eacliers, professors and lawyers throughout
  the country.

  Rich Cloth Binding, Full Gold Stamp, Illustrated. $2.00

  Write for ‘'Other People s Opinions’* <»nd la We ol Contents

 Puritan Pub. Co., Dept.101, Phila., Pa.

The Fairbanks Company

I S<

I

L

 or ■

J

LEARN

  See our Gas Engine Exhibit on Sixth Floor
  of several types in both stationary an
  marine, backet! by a good mechanical
  ganization, guarantee and reputation.

416 BROOME ST. NEW YORK

                         TEIEGRAPHY
                         BOOK-KEEPING

________ SHORTHAND

  by mall. In a few weeks spare time home study. nnder our
  Practical Instruction — and a good paying, responsible

  E>sitlon is youra: we are unable to supply the demand,
  any energetic graduate; have worked up to salaries or
  SB OOO per year. We send complete outfit, and yon

PAY US NO MONEY secured. Write *at once

  for special offer, stating which you prefer to learn.
  ■ICHIAAK KS1SK98 1SST1TITB «J» la.t Bld«.Kalsa».»o.*lrt

Geisha Diamonds

TIIK IUTKST BCIMTlFir DISCOVERT

                  Bright, sparkling, banti f«I
                  they euunl the genuine. Mantling all test ana
                  paxsle experts. One twentieth the expense.
                  Kent free with privilege of examination.
                  For particulars, prices, etc.. addrw**

Dept

 THE R. GREGG MFG. t, IMPT. CO.

    4J-SS «f. Jack tun lioul..

RED BABY "VULCAN” INK PENCIL

The ONE perfect, non-lealtable ink

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank 70U,

At your	pencil

  station rr’*
  or by mail,
  postpaid.

 J. X. ULLRICH & CO..

         Mioufktturan

 135 Greenwich Street.

 (Entrance 2T Thames Street) SR'V VORK

I vut what I aaked for. Good-bye.'*

moderate price.

.OO
TIIE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Buy Christmas Jewelry
From Lambert Brothers

 Two Books to Help You
 Yours for the Asking-

    Why should you pay two or three profits on Jewelry—when you need pay but one—and that a
very small one?

    New York City is the home of the Jewelry industry. Some New York City house realizes a
profit on nearly every article of Jewelry sold in America.

    Why then should you not buy in New York Cit\—direct from “The Home of Jewelry?"

    Why not buy direct from the makers and pay only one small profit?

    We have been in business, in the same neighborhood, 32 years. W'e sell direct to users of
Jewelry only.

     No brokers, dealers, or agents realize profits on our goods.

    Buy from us and you buy direct from the makers.

    So far as we know, we are the only Diamond Importers and Manufacturing Jewelers issuing an
illustrated catalog and selling direct to users only, at retail and by mail.

    Send for our two FREE books.

     They are yours for the asking.

    Write us a post-card—or a letter—and both books will be yours as soon as we can get them to you.

     One is our catalog—16.) pages—illustrating over three thousand articles of newest and latest style
Jewelry at prices ranging from a dollar up.

FREE Book—“What to Give”

    The other book—“What to Give”—is filled with suggestions of gilts for mother, father, wife,
grandparents, sisters, children, “baby,” relations and friends.

     Both books will help you with your C'- ristmas shopping and both books are vours for the asking
FREE and postpaid—for a post-card mailed to us at once.

    The book “What to Give” also tells you the correct Jewelry to wear on all occasions and much
other information all well-dressed people appreciate.

     Write us at once. A post-card is sufficient, but write a letter if you prefer. Address

Lambert Brothers	New York City

                          7*01—Hnreeshoe brooch ofsolM 1* kmt troM-Roma-i fint li-sct with - "n,r'"' .r5
                          Oriental Pearls. Pri. e	T7«W-S..|vl l« k.v.u *..1.1 -	*5T.u. --,m,

                          Platinum initial set with 18 line full-cut white Dinm uds I me cmhhmi , .Mi Sf.Ii.l

                          II	karat Bol.l-rn*e fiiii-.h-locliet set with fine full-cut white Oiamoii.l. 1-oekethas |*iate
                          for two pictures. Price {2* im

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.
the popular magazine advertiser

This Panel FREE

This beautiful 10-inch Florentine Panel, of beat ^p!y

 basswood stamped as shown, with direction* lor burning
 and coloring, scut FREE if you will send us 20c to pa>
 post age and coat of tiie beautiful Fac-aimilc Water Color head
 Scut with each panel
 a-> a pattern. Thi
 picture fits the
 panel and can
 be mounted tf
 you prefer ty
 bum only
 the border.

 Decorated

 $ I.50

SPECIAL%N^r $ 1.60

    Tku splendid outfit is complete for burn mu on wood,
 piush. leather, etc. IndllJrn Platinum Point, Cork Handle.
 Rubber Tubing. Double-action Bulb, Bottle, Alcohol Lamp,
 Stamped Practice Wood and full directions ull in no»t

 li'4theretif box. Ask yuur dealer. or we will M-nd C. O. D.
 When cash accompanies outfit order we include free 25c
 Instruction Hook, most complete published.

 Write for New DMAfl Contains 122 pages. 2.<

 FREE Catalog I WWU Largest pyrography
 issued. Write for it today.

      THAYER & CHANDLER

 160-164 W. Jackson Boulevard. Chicago. Illinois

 "LurfffMl Mjk-rt of iV»tfrupAk Ouod* in rAf World."

0 illustrations.
Catalog ever

VOU CAN MAKE CIGARETTES LIKE THESE
A Practical Novelty for Cigarette 5moker»

 One Complete Nickled

TURKO CIGARETTE ROLLER

Sent postpaid for 25ctS. Address,

Turko Roller Co.. 135 William St, New York

12 Art Panels 50c

                  Beautiful
                  Pliolo Tone
                  Kcproduelions

'UUy UiMUr.MU J

SIZL. 7x10

  I These Matures are hcaaiicr-
  tlu inuM rtiiulkllt pur-
  trayaU ol

"WOMAN

BEAUTIFUL”

                             Send al once. Moary hack
                             II nut mIIkIM.

FLORENTINE ART COMPANY

456 Irvlny Park Ave, D«-pt. I 12. dilrago.

FREE

 ii/» In colors

 jluiely lice Mllll o

 Bathe

IT PAYS BIG

 To Amuse The
 Public With

agv

 Motion Picfores

   WU EXPLXIEMCE HECE8BAKT m la-
   •traction Book and Business Guids’U'ii,

    W* furnish Complete Outfit with Big Adv«--
    Unt*- Fenters, ate. Ituoi^p 4ramas brimful
    <■1 fuu. trnacl. burtury raUcluu teui|wraor»
    v.rks.M suuot ilUslralml OtMlusn t-tuduii
    Astonishing Opportunity ID »u» locality for
    a IU*). Vil a klUsiMMl |u*h--» In cbateto

Five Cent Theatres

Motion Plctnr* Films and Son* Slides mW

 4.. it why not yon? if

 Amusement Supply Co.

Profits 1J0 to over 1100 per olKht.

Cat

      e»*j; write V at •*.- ij tall t--u lt..w Catalog hm
               *51 Dearborn 6tr«t CHICAGO ILL
               103e L- GolrtfD Gut* At* Bui Frandsct

Mount Birds

      We teach you kr mall to etuff and mount all
  kind!!of Bird*. Animal*, (■iimr II* -ad*. A loo
  t- tan skins ai d aiu raic- lie vourown taxider-
  mist. Deeorate your home with your beautiful
  trophlos.or l:ierea»e yoor lii'-om* eelilutr »p«4-
  men* a lid mounting for othera. Easily, unlekly
  learned In rjjare tlrne. by men and womeu. H Igbeat
  i mdonw-niejit* bj tbounaocU of "tudeuta. Writato-
  1 di> * for our Kr<-Mt free bi>ok •‘Ho* to Mount Birds sa«
  isiinsk" Free—write today. 1*. W. MCHOOL
  OF lAAIMLItUV. Bo» 11« M. Omaha. Hek.

rilDICTUIIC D ltnpj||||» .Tn»t writ© os which one of this» I. nutiftil.                  
URnlO 1 ItlHd D HltlZMI If 0 xparklinB. Pore White tii-ms >‘>u would like to             
T„ .a „ sco. Nodpposit required---we'll tw'nd ii utonce.                                 
TO YOU at Cash Prices If it Un't the fin<-<t and snappiest l)iam-'nd                     
B4---Kucrared Diamond Rio* JB5.00        pleases, pay one-fifth down, balance In nionth- 
fi.V---TIIT.ny ft* ther Ilia. King 25.00 Jj r-n.'ment« to*ui t >oa. Diamond, are uiwikyB 
G*---Raaraw* “ “ *• 40.00                a gco-1 in visit men t anil ahow pra*j*«?rity.  
61---Tlff.n, UIsjbacmI Rar Srrewa 65.011 WUM a Boautllul Chrlatmaa Praaent               
OS---'Vlrhir •* •• »• 4a. M>             for your aweetbcrirt. wife, mother. pi»ter or   
1 GO---Hlf.nj Diamond Kla( 45.00         daoghter ---or wear ono yonn»elf --- you cun    
70---Tooth *• 60 00                      afford to on our term*. Order todayor write     
: 1---rut Belrber Mssm4 Bln* 55.00       for Fm CataJo* of Diamond* and W atehea.        
THE WALKER-ED                            
                                         
Tel) the subatitotor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.'
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

Tell the substitutor: “No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.

“It’s a pleasure
to clean Cooks
Linoleum.”

i/eeping down the dirt
iv is the drudgery of house-
work. With carpet and
matting on your floors, you
can never hope to get ahead
of King Dirt—wo in an’s
greatest enemy. But with
Cook’s Linoleum on the
floors, the drudgery is gone.
Dirt cannot accumulate.
You wipe up the linoleum
floor and it is as clean and
fresh as new. It saves your
time, saves your strength,
your health and your money.

   Ask your dealer for Cook’s Linoleum—with
 the name on the back. Many beautiful patterns,
 both inlaid and printed. D.-signs suitable for
 eveiy room in the house.

Write for Cook's Linoleum

Book C. with patterns i i colors.

Cook’s Decora to*! is another

                    aid in beautifying
 your home and lightening housework. I lie
 new, cleanable, waterproof wall covering; which
 comes in rolls, is hung like wall-paper, lasts a
 life-time, and, when soiled or dusty, is made
 like new again bv wiping with a damp cloth.
 Thoroughly artistic—tapestry, burlap and tile
 effects, floral designs, etc.

Cook s Linoleum,

Trenton, New Jersey.
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

                               •	■ IN VINCIBLE " - because
                              he luu at his “finger U[»" ihe expert

advice (!| a c<tf(K •J ix actual. Civil

                                 \<d a mi I, ini in ihe whole field
                               if Civil Lngin.-etiug and its allied
                               xanchrs lint thu wuaiirrtul and
                               ralunf.il'' irfrxroce work doe* not
                               uvci tully.

you Will You can get |U»l ihr

uu lo iKal high and mighty iniiiia. W

knowledge

j in lhr Eight Volurrn

CYCLOPEDIA OF

Civil Engineering

Junt off the preiB .1 ^imi rrlcicncc work and Horn? St ltd v in-
stiuclor of nearly 4,000, 7*10 inch |>og<-s; },000 illustrations. <lia
gran... plates. formulas. tit., supplemented with a series oi practical
l-»l ijin-iiiont and cari (ully indexed (or ready reference handsomely
found in hall red morocco.

  Thu Cvclopedia islhe oiily complete. ‘.omprehensne and aulhonla
live work published, covering ihe entire held of Civil Rngineenng and
all kranches connected with H. Il (hoi.Highly cover* every detail (rani
plane surveying, plotting and typography to the theory, design and
construction of bridges. Il also treats in detail such subjects as map-
making. railroad engineering, road building, masonry, steel and
reinforced concrete construction, structural engineering rivet and harbor
improvement, water supply, irrigation. water power devclop-nenl
unitary engineering, including sewerage, plumbing, house drainage
and sanitation - all of which are of great importance 10 the practicing
engineer.

  The Stuce it will find this work an invaluable aid in his studies
as it gives detailed descriptions of the latest applications of n-w and
advanced idea*. The Civil Engineer will find it a r i.-renc-
wor* of excep ional value a* it tells him the easiest, bejt and latest
methods of handling difficult problems that aria? daily in hij work
f ake ihe first st.-p t, wards becoming "invincible” —simply fill in and
mail the coupon lo-day for our

    We teach you hy mall ftprT braueh of the Real Frtslf, General
    Brokerage suit Insurance Busina**. and ap|*oint you

      SPEC!A T, REPRESENTATIVE

    of the oMot anil Ur***I nvoperalive rea 1 estate and broker-
    age ertitipanr 1 u America R«ipr#*rtitoli*e* are making IS.OnU
    t fin Oft) a tear will* ut an; inreitmenl of capital. Kseellent
    OMK’itunilie* open Vi VOf By our *r»letn you tan tmim
    nink triR money in a few weeks wlltimrt I nterferrnr with your
    pre**nl wu|afi.n Our t*> operative department will git* you
    Ii ore choice- iilnt.lr pttiperfy lo handle than any other ill *11-
    •■•lion In Hie w.rld A Thorough Comaieeelal Law Courae
    m»: In farh Kepeeaealatls*. Writ* for 63-fmC' U-k fnw
    TOE CROSS COMPANY. 2135 ie.per Block, Chicago

FREE FIVE DAY OFFER

On receipt of ihe Coupon, we will send vou. express prepaid, for five
day's Free examination a set of wonderful books Examin- them
carefully—show them lo your friends if you wu1- >o keep ihe books
pay $2 Oft within five davs and $2.00a month > r.lil vou have l«id the
special $24.00 price-, otherwise notify us to send for tlir m at our expens?.

!£5ceal $24.00	AR $48.00

Order promptly and we will include Free, far one year as a
monlhly supplement, ihe

Technical World Magazine

A popular maganne with a technical mm containing the latest dii-
cussion on timely topi.-s in Science, Invention. Discovery and Induslry.
also the best Fiction. Biography, Travel and Humor, in fact the best of
everylhing. Illustrated with score* cf interesting photographs
Briel Lisl oi Content*

I Vou can he a salesman. increase yt.ur power lo eonvinc*

■	other*, earn fmin#l 3K*l|o tin.OUl a year I sin tlie only man
B tem hinr *»le*man*liip who Is a enmJnereial salesman and

■	..nioial «f tin ill-1 r'i.amierctal Traveler, of America Writ*

9 for my Freo M*K»zinr " THE 8ALE8MAN ”

a ml how Jill can pm-fecl yourself in tho art i.f •tiller My
graduate* holil pavlnc positions and I can assist \ on to
|irnf»t»l>l* employment. M>-.-t practical, lnehiy «o-
k jorwil course In ihe world. Write fur masaiino today.

H'. R. TROTTER, Dept. M, Kansas City, Mo.

FLASH LIKE GENUINE

I >.!> or night. Vou can own a Diamond equal
in iirillisncy to any genuine Slone il out-
llnrtieth the cost.

   BARODA DIAMONDS
IN SOLID COLD MINGS
stand acid tett and expert examination. We
euaraniee them. See them first, then paj
Ciitulnrur Fret. I'aient King Measure
tiKlulled for ru’t tvro-cent sumps.

  THE BAIIOIIA COSH*ABIT*

I*••nt.P. 28» North 8t«te Bt.,Cble««o

AMFRICAN SCHOOL OF CORRESPONDENCE
CHICAGO. II. S. A.

FRF.F. OFFF.R COUPON Fill
American School of Core.apond.noe

AlitlKh-

Popular Magatine 13 OS

       BOUND VOLUMES

Tell th« aubstitotor:

               volume. Addreas Subscription Dept.,

              THE POPULAR MAGAZINE. 7M* Se»ea« A»«.,
‘No, thank yon, I want wh»t I taked Tor. Good-byt."

NEW V08I-
THE POPULAR MAGAZINE ADVERTISER

  White-Whiter-Whitest

   Many soaps are almost white, some are
still whiter, but only one is whitest—Fairy Soap.
The reason is the quality of fats and oils used—
Fairy contains only edible products. There are
no dyes, high perfumes or adulterations
to deceive the eye or delude the nostril,

   Fairy is honest soap—all the way
through. Its price, FIVE CENTS, is
X not the measure of its quality

 •yV	THE N. K FAIRBANK COMPANY,	I* .

           CHICAGO	r

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.’
SHORTHAND ^
IN 30 DAYS

  J ■' ■

    o	absolutely guarantee to teach shorthand complete in
  'only thirty days. You can learn In spore lime In your own
  homo no matter where yon live No need to spend months
  as with old By8tem9. Boyd's Syllabic System is easy to
  learn—eayr to write—easy to road. Simple. Practical.
  Speedy Sure. No rule-1 lines—no positions—no shading
  as In other systems. No lone lists of word signs to con-
  fuse. Only nine characters to learn and yon have the
  entire English language at your atisolnte command.

    T he best system for stenographers, private secre-
  taries. newspaper reporters and railroad men. Law

  5 era. ministers, teachers, physicians, literary folk and
  nsiness men and women may now learn shorthand for
  their own nse. Doesnot takecontinual daily pratlce as with
  Other systems. Our graduates hold high grade positions
  everywhere. Send to-day for booklets. testimonials, etc. I

CHICAGO CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS 1

         WTChicago Opera House Bloch, Chicago, III.

 4081

 fcw»l6.

 ILearn Ihe REAL ESTATE Business!

$2500.to $7500.Yearly

                   The ca pita 1 required to*

                   1	in lieal Kslute. Broker- .
            ago and Insurance, is furnished
            the people you do liusiuess w ith.

. .i draw an Income oil this free capital. ,

           We teach and train you how to luindle
   these branches so that you can,do it Tietter ,
   rthan others and your services are in demand.

   __ our scholar we instruct and develop you. In a’
   lew weeks we can fit you to be

OUR ACCREDITED REPRESENTATIVE

l your locality. We help you Irom the start: put you in touch with 1
1 our representatives with whom jou may co-opcr-ite in business; ’
lurnish you readily salable real estate and investment, and help vu
secure customers. In short, we put you In the way of an income instead
Of s salary ; make you an employer instead of an employee.

Write lor our free pamphlet of JO pages glring lull Information

2640

*2

50

The Best of Xmas Gifts-A DIAMOND

Is there any gift for man or woman so accept-
able, so much to be desired, or so perman-
ently valuable as a really fine diamond?

 II	you wish to confer upon anyone this most beautiful
 of Christmas gifts or to have for your own use the very
 finest grade ol Blue White stone in any setting you
 wish, our system of selling you

DIAMONDS ON CREDIT

At Lowest Importers’ Prices

Brings our goods within reach ol all.

 We are one ol the largest diamond dealers in the
 world. We import our stones in the “ rough ” and finish
 them here. We buy for spot cash in enormous quantities.
 Instead of counting on a few sales at big prices, we figure
 on a mass of sates at small profits. That's why we can
 sell you diamonds 20% lower than any other dealers.
 We furnish diamonds on credit lo any
 reputable man or woman on these terms :

20% with order and \0(fc per month.

 You have the privilege of exchanging your purchase at
 its full value. All transactions strictly confidential.
 Any article here illustrated or in our catalog No. 18
 sent express prepaid for your examination, returnable at
 our expense if not perfectly satisfactory.

Send at once for our beautiful 65-page
Christmas catalog No. 18 It’s free. Select your
diamond before Christmas and get it on credit.
Special Holiday Discount of 101* on all Cash Purchases.

J. M. LYON & CO.

71-73 Nassau Street	New York City

2208

 I

 I

Tell the substitutor: "No, thank you, I want what I asked for. Good-bye.'*
AUTOMOBILE COMPANY

40 H.P. 1908 “FIAT” CAR

COMPLETE, $6000.00

1908 PRICES

15 H.P. Shaft drive, 4 cylinder Chassis, -	$3500.00

25 H.P. Shaft drive, 4 cylinder Chassis, - - -	4500.00

40 H.P. Chain drive, 4 cylinder Chassis, ...	5000.00

45 H.P. Chain drive, 6 cylinder Chassis, - - -	6000.00

60 H.P. Chain drive, 4 cylinder Chassis (Kaiser Cup),	7250.00

THE ABOVE ARE TURIN FACTORY PRICES AND INCLUDE DUTIES.
FREIGHT AND PACKING CHARGES.

Touring Bodies, $1000.00, Closed Bodies, $1500.00

1786 BROADWAY, 57th TO 58th STREETS, NEW YORK

N. E. Branch, 885 Boylston St., Boston
Responsible Agents Wanted In All Principal Cities
