'A SCIENTIFICTION NOVEL COMPLETE IN THIS ISSUE!

JTORIIj

         f LANDS
         ^ OF THE

MRTf/QMKi

s4n Amazing
Comp fete Notre/

Bit HENRY
KUTTNER

THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER

A ffa/f o f Fame Noise/et
Bif MANLY WADE WELLMAIfc
At the end of many a rainbow*

If you go to the end of a rainbow, so the
fairy talcs say, you’ll find a pot of gold.

  Of course no grownup believes this. But
it’s surprising how many people believe
what amounts to the same thing.

  That is, many of us have a dreamy no-
tion that somewhere, sometime, we’ll come
upon a good deal of money. We go along
from day to day, spending nearly all we
make, and believing that somehow our fi-
nancial future will take care of itself.

  Unfortunately, this sort of rainbow-chas-
ing is much more apt to make you wind up
behind the eight ball than with a pot of gold.

  When you come right down to it, the only
sure-fire way the average man can plan
financial security for himself and his family
is through saving—and saving regularly.

  One of the soundest, most convenient ways
to save is by buying U. S. Savings Bonds
through the Payroll Plan.

  These bonds are the safest in the world.
They mount up fast. And in just 10 years,
they pay you $4 for every $8 you put in.

  So isn't it just plain common sense to
buy every U. S. Savings Bond you can
possibly afford?

P. S. You cau buy U. S. Savings Bonds at
any bank or post office, too.

SAVE THE EASY WAY... BUY YOjJR BONDS THROUGH PAYROLL SAVINGS

    Contributed by this magazine in co-operation
    with the Magazine Publishers of America as a public service.
Thousands Now Plnu Popular Soncs

who didn't know a note of music before!

I m

Ploys Hit Songs

      on ths seronth leraon
ean already play eeveral
faK sows. The cost seems to
ItUJe for wbat I bate already
mecotnriish«l. I don't know
tow |u tflMik you rot malting
ouch • coukc possible,

           •B. E. S..

           Uinenbo/j. Arki.

You, too. eon ploy ony Instrument
at home, without o teacher, by
this eo»y as A-B-C method . . .

YES, thousands of folks who didn’t
know a thing about music before,
are now having the time of their
lives playing today’s popular tunes.
Thanks to this famous U. S. School,
easy as A-B-C home-study method,
they learned to play in spare time,
without a private teacher.

 Just as countless others have
learned music this simple, short-cut
“Print and Picture" way . . . you,
too, can make your musical dreams
come true .. . and have loads of fun
while learning.

Learn to Flay by Playing!

  Instead of practicing monotonous
scales and exercises, we start you
off playing real little tunes with the
very first lesson. You begin with
simple melodies. When you master
•Plot tires by professions! models. Acttul nmta on

  these you go on to more advanced
  tunes. And in a remarkably short
  time you should be thrilled to find
  that you can play many popular
  pieces by note.

    Here’s more good news! No mat-
  ter which instrument you want to
  leam, it costs only a few cents a
  day. And the low cost includes every-1
  thing . . . printed instructions, large
  pictures and diagrams, valuable sheet
  music and our special Personal Advi-
  sory Service.

  Mora Friends . . . New Popularity

    Music is the key to good time*.
  Once you leam to play you are in-
  vited everywhere. So if you want
  new friends, greater popularity and
  more fun than you’ve ever had be-
  fore ... send for booklet giving com-
  plete details. Fill out and mail the
  coupon now! U. S. School of Music
  2945 Brunswick Bldg., New York
  10, N. Y. (49th Successful Year)
  WtfMM.

See how simple It Is!

•II* oounby 'tl* of Hi*e, Stmt land ot HkKlj*

iosy To Undcrjtond

*n4 the lessons fnay to
   and. One or the mott
   things is the clear -

with tthicfc CTarrtMns tg

I recommend your
highly to *teryonp.

•M. L M..
Tusoon. Arii.

Look at tb* muale. Ttie Seat not* la “C."
follow the dotted line to Die keyboard and
locate "C" on tti* piano. Find other note*
th« um< way. Strike the note* ai indicated
and you'll play ttio melody ot America.

FREE PRINT AND PICTURE SAMPLE

  U. 3. SCHOOL OF MUSIC,

   2945 Brumwick Bid*.. New York 10. N. Y.

   Pica** mmS do free booklet end Prlnl nn-J
   Picture S-mple. X would like lo slay instru-
   ment checked below,

   Plano Plano Aecorxiton Modem Hemeo*
   OuiUtr Trumpet, Cornet tary Marropny
   Violin Peed Organ	Clarinet

   Saxophone Tenor Banjo Other Instrument

 Name.

 Street.

 City. .

(PLEASE PRINT)
......Zone . . Put*.
Vol. 15, No. 2

A THRILLING PUBLICATION

May, 1947

An Amazing Complete Novel

Lands of the Earthquake

      By HENRY KUTTNER

William Boyce, in whose veins flows the blood
of crusaders, goes on the quest of a lost mem-
ory and a mysterious woman in an odd clime
where cities move and time stands motionless! 11

A Hall of Fame Novelet

THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER.....................Manly Wade Wellman 70

         Rolf Bromburg leads humanity’s first expedition to the outer planets
         in this brilliant Classic of ScientiGction reprinted by popular demand

                    Short Stories

COLUMBUS WAS A DOPE...........................Robert A. Heinlein 67

            Proxima Centauri, here we come—on the good ship Pegasus f
THE ARBITER.......................................John Russell Fearn 90

             The thing was of metal, but it walked and thought like a man

                    Special Features
THE ETHER VIBRATES......................................The Editor 6

             A department for readers, including announcements and letters

SCIENCE FICTION FAN PUBLICATIONS.......................A Review 109
   Cover Painting by Earle Bergey—Illustrating "The Disc-Men of Jupiter"

STAItTI.irs'O STORIBS. published twj other month by Better Publication*. Inc., N. L. Pin,-.. President. at MOO Dl>-VMr
An.. Chlcaco 39, III. Editorial and executive offlCM. 10 East lOih St.. New York 18 N. Y. ►■o'erM m second class matter
November 23. ISIS, at the post office «t CbicaW. BUnoU. under the act of March 3. 1*T9. Copyright. lWi.hi
Mtlons. Inc. subscription (12 iwoes). I1.S0: suutle conies, 1.15; fon-ign »nd Canadian i**t»se extra. In corrtspondlM wlt»
this rnasaxiue MttK Include your postal zone number. If any. Munuscriim will not be returned unleas accompanM by seir-
addressed staraiied envelope and air submitted at the author's rist Name* of all dUMCMN used In itorlw and seml-BCUoa
artlche are BcUIious. If the name oI a Urins person or Minting Institution is u«ed. It Is a coincidence

Companion magazines: Thrilling Wonder Stories, Popular Western. Thrilling Mystery Novel. Thrilling Western. Thrilling Uva.
Thrilling Detective. Rodeo Romances, The Phantom Doteotive. Shy Fighters. Popular 0 elective, Thrilling Ranch'Stories.
...... Sports. Populi

Thrilling Sports.

wnwr'

rts. Popular Snorts Magazine. Range Riders Western. Texas Rangers. Everyday .
el Magazine. Black Book Detective, Popular Lev., Masked Rider We.tern. Rio Kid
Oeteotire, Triple Western, and Exciting L«*».	I'l

 Everyday Astrology. G-Men Detective,
         id Western. Exciting Western.
         FiUNHED IK THE U. 8. A.
           JOHN	GAIL

WAYNE • RUSSELL
THIS business of arranging efficient
(which means safe) human transport
faster than the speed of sound is prov-
ing to be quite a problem for scientists, engi-
neers and flyers alike. Since young de Havil-
land test-flew one of his own company’s
experimental ships into oblivion over the
Thames estuary, none of the pilots now en-
gaged in trial flights are anxious to pull the
string and let her rip.

  The big hitch seems to be that when things
go wrong at near-sonic speeds, there is no
way of undoing the damage in time to avoid
destruction. And no one yet has devised a
means of escape from a hunk of high-pow-
ered metal which flies through the air at
more than 650 miles per hour.

  Although rewards as high as $50,000 have
been posted for the first successful super-
sonic speed-flights, to date there is no line-
up of daredevil pilots nudging each other
out of the way to grab this comfortable wad
of cash.

  After all, you can’t take it with you.

The First Rocket Plane

  For the moment, our one publicized hope
of achieving such humanly piloted speed
seems to rest in the Army’s Bell XS-1, the
first of our rocket planes, which managed
to hit about one-third of its projected 1,700
miles-per-hour velocity on its first flight,
when released from under a B-29.

  However, the XS-1 is, all in all, a very
orthodox looking airplane, with wings, for-
ward cockpit, rudder and elevators like
every other plane save the flying wing de-
signed since the early days of World War
One.

  Somehow, we can’t help feeling that some-
thing new has got to be added—and added
to the basic concept of flight design. After
all, humanity didn’t conquer speeds of more
than thirty miles per hour with a horse—it
took the steam engine to make such travel
feasible, to say nothing of safe.

Supersonic Projectiles

  To date, the only supersonic projectiles
man has created are cannon shells and rock-

ets—with the mighty German V-2 rocket
leading the way. Unfortunately no man has
yet survived travel in a high speed rocket
or shell. We expect the human projectiles
so beloved by carnival and circus customers,
because they have not yet traveled fast
enough to pierce the net that catches them.

  So it seems a safe bet that supersonic
travel, when it comes, will be accomplished
in more of a rocket designed for safe land-
ing than an orthodox plane with rocket at-
tachments. Or perhaps it will be something
like Frank R. Stockton’s littlest giant and
tallest dwarf—both of which turned out to
be ordinary men. Perhaps the key is some-
thing exceedingly simple whose very avail-
ability has defeated so far the efforts of our
scientists and engineers to discover it

  But supersonic travel must come and
therefore will come. For only through such
travel can man attain release from the grav-
ity of Earth which is the pathway to sorely
needed new frontiers—the Moon, the Plan-
ets, perhaps the stars themselves.

  Meanwhile, the barrier remains as an
opening challenge!

OUR NEXT ISSUE

■	T WAS indeed a curious circumstance.

*	Every scientist who got on the track of
the true causes of the non-cosmic Lawson
radiation fell victim to amnesia which de-
stroyed his value as a scientist. It was gen-
erally felt, after a number of such failures,
that the radiation itself was in some way
dangerous and that its investigation should
be halted.

  But the last of the scientists to lose his
memory recovered—and recovered with his
recollection of things past a knowledge so
fearsome that, when he a tempted to explain
it to his colleagues, he was deemed a schizo-
phrenic.

  Spies from a distant galaxy were behind
the Lawson radiation, spies whose purpose
was ultimately to destroy the Earth before
its expanding science could reach out toward
them through the universe. And so cleverly
did they cover their tracks that only through
study of the Lawson radiation could their
presence be suspected at all.

  The battle of wits and weapons heretofore
unknown on Earth which developed was one
of the tensest and most deadly ever fought
—with continued existence of the Solar Sys-
tem the prize at stake.

 This new novel, KINGDOM OF THE
BLIND by George 0. Smith, should come
close to hitting the SS high spot for the year
—in a year whose high spots are more al-
tiudinous and more frequent than ever be-
fore in SS history. Better climb aboard.

  Other features will include a Hall of Fame
superclassic, the memorable LIFE DETOUR
by Dr. David H. Keller, and a quota of far-
above-average short stories by an increas-
ingly brilliant cast of staff writers no\V ap-
proaching their postwar best. The July
STARTLING STORIES should be peak issue
in a peak year.

NEW SECURITY PLAN

PAYS HOSPITAL

& DOCTOR
BILLS...

   Costs only

  3a day I

WELL, the final step in reconversion of
TEV is here—with elimination of that
certain non-commissioned officer (a three-
striper to be exact) who once ran rampant
through these pages, complete with BEMlins
and strange ethospheric brew. After ap-
proximately six years and three different
authors the gag (save in the case of very
new readers) wore a little too thin. And wild
space lingo, unintelligible in most cases to
the writer himself, covered a multitude of
sins.

  However, lest certain of you more temer-
ious correspondents think that the author of
this pillar has lain down and died, we wish
to make certain facts known now. What
some of you called the Sarge’s humor is still
on tap—that is if his particular brand of
waggery passes as humor. Vitriol will still
be thrown at those who have the rashness to
insult us. And anyone who writes us in dog-
gerel will get same right back in his face.

  Beware of bad puns henceforth as in the
past!

  And now for the letters, of which the sup-
ply is as copious as in all recent issues
(thanks, gals and fellows). Which gives rise
to one additional statement Some of you
old timers miss the chance to sound off at
great length in your missives and be re-
printed in full.

  But the days when we could run twelve
to fifteen letters and be fairly representative
of the bulk of our correspondents is past, it
seems. Recently, both in SS and in our com-
panion, THRILLING WONDER STORIES.

[Turn page]

PROTECTS YOU1

IH CASS Of

SICKNESS
or ACCIDENT

INDIVIDUAL or FAMILY

Insure NOW, before it*! too lotel
Protect your savings against Hospital
expense. Here's an amazing offer of
safe, dependable coverage under
America's most popular Hospitoli-
xotion Plan. Family or Individual
eligible. No Medical Examination.
When sickness or accident strikes,
you may go to any Hospital in U. S.
or Canada under any Doctor'i
care. YOUR EXPENSES Will BE
PAID exactly 01 Policy specifies.
Mony exceptional coverage* in-
cluded. The Company is under
supervision of the Insurance
Dept. No agents will call.

SoemT"

‘6.00
P*r Visit *3,00

“-isaw

to

53

» 2000,00
*2000.00

MAIL COUPON AT ONCE '

 NORTH AMERICAN MUTUAL INSURANCE CO.

  Dtpt. TG7-5, Wilmington, Del.

  Please send me, without obligation, details about
  your "3c A Day Hospitalizotion Insurance Plan"

Nome..,.................................

Address...................................

City....................Stale..............

J
SCIENTIFIC CRIME DETECTION

win	,s Easy *° L*arni

                           I will teach you thla fasdnatlna
' nee during your spars (im< n«
*. It m.vs to be oo expert In
per Printing, Firearm* identi-
ion. Police Photography and
SecrotServicoMcthodo. Ihave
trained hundreds of men and wom-
en nowauceoiiafully serving In
Identification bureaus throughout
America. You, too. may quickly
prepare youreeif to become a well-
paid rained officer of the law. often
ehnrinK In the generous reward*
■	Hi H ■ offered for wanted criminals.

r RE E 8 53 PER CENT

“BLUE BOOK »f aU Identification Bureaus In too
                     D. S. employ students and gradu-
                     al.* of I. A. a A majority of theao
                     nun are beafi-i o( Bureaus. Many of
                     them knew nothin* about crlno
                     d.-octlon before training wilh n».
                     Now they biro jtcnilr fobs, good
                     salaries and a flno future. Wrilo

  OF CRIME”

 This book is full of (acting
 information on scientific
 aim- detection. It will show
 how You oan get started in
 a grand career. Now, at
 aiuaabwly low coal. Clip
 coupon Now... Mall it today, book. Olre

INSTITUTE OF APPLIED SCIENCE

_ L<2?-S“!Ln*,yi ?*PL I*-5-!_____ChJea^^40,_lll.

 today for full pariiculari and Ms

  INSTITUTE OF APPLIED SCIENCS
  i#ao Sutinyiida Avo., Dept. 7905, Chicago 40
  Oentleman: without any obligation on my part. lend mo thi
  •■Blue Book of Crime." and complete lie of Identification
  Bureaus employing your student! or graduates, to lather with
  lour low ptloes and Kasy Terms Offor. I Utorature will be lent
  ONLY to persons stating their ago. I

Name....................................

Address.................................

                                             . Ajl.

  PLAY GU'TftR
  ili yillKE THE

   I

 'XTSlZErX.-SoZi
 NO MOW

WKTMN HANDS* STUDIOS, Oepl. 47S, Hutchinson, Kans.

   Ltirn how to protect your Intention. A specially prepared
   booklet containing detailed Informstlon concerning patent
   protection and procedure with "Record of Inisntlon" form
   will bo forwarded to you upon raoosit-wlthoul obligation.

  OJUtOKI A. 0‘BRItN « HAKVtr JACOBSON

                Rtgiit*r»d Patent Attorneys
            District Notional Bldg. Washington S, 0. C.

  79-0

\ BehlndU.E.I. TRAINING I*
k a large national organisation
founded 1927. Write today for
FREE FACTS—No obligation.

  Approvtd
  for rroinmc
  tmitrGJ.Bul

INVENTORS

the bi-monthly number of letters received
tripled itself.

  It was only fair, since so many more of
you took the trouble to write us. that we
make room for more of you in the column.
So, it's shorter letters now, and more of
them. We think the fair-minded amongst
you will agree with this method of handling
our bulging mail sack.

  And now, let’s get to it.

BRIEF FROM MERRIE ENGLAND

by P. Reilly

  Dear Sir: I read your Issues of SS whenever I can

Set them. They are rather difficult to obtain over
ere In England However. I assure you that your
stories are all OK and I truly do appreciate them. I
only wish we had some English magazines along the
same lines.—53 RUching’s Avenue, Walthamstow, Lon-
don E 17, England

  Thanks, P. Reilly. Before the recent world
fracas there were a number of British STF
magazines, some of which must be in process
of current revival. You might be pleasantly
surprised if you keep an eye cocked on your
newsstands. Cheerio!

ANSWER—YES

by Chad Oliver

Dear Sir: Since the January STARTLING was pri-
marily concerned with the efforts of one Edmond
Hamilton, it would seem logical to start our litUe

                                                      then,
                                                      a

____________ . ____ .	was

substantially reduced’ by Brother Edmund. Or ahotild
I say. obliterated?

Hamilton has produced some fine work in Ihe past,
and that's all that kept me going through the first
seven chapters. They were pretty sad. Things picked
up along about Chapter Seven, as Hamilton hit his
stride, and the novel was well-done from that point
on. I like his tear-jerker endings—nobody can write
them quite like or World Wrecker Hamilton.

The best story In the book this trip was Leinster's
Friends. It had just as much significance as the Hamil-
ton opus, and its simplicity was very effective. Murray
Leinster turns out these gems with astonishing rapid-
ity.

Whitley’s Traveler's Tale was also a fine short,
what is this, anyhow—a new era dawning? If so. con-
gratulations! After all the space-pirate shorts ("Look!
Out there! It's Black Burlap, terror of the space-

 >ays! Oh darling—'”) this is sheer ecstasy.
 The Hall of Fair	'

 suggest Clark Ashto
 As for the cover.

HHH .	ay

gest Clark Ashton' Smith's Jmmorfals o/ Mercury?

       Quoth the fan in the spaceship door,
       Will this go on. . . . forevermore?

 The Ether Vibrates as usual. I mean, it's

Get into Goo</PatftHq

AUTO BODY/WFENDER WORK

 Bio demand in Auto Body and Fender work.
 Start training now in your spare time at home
 for 800d pay work. Practical nhop experiunco
 included. U.E.I. Training covers metalwork,
 weldine. painting, etc. Placement servlet—or
 will show you how to atort your own shop.

............s good.

Very. (Novel sentence construction, what?) Never.
NEVER edit a Sneary letter. He is well on his way to-
ward revolutionizing the English (I think It's English)

 Lt ward revolutionizing the English (I think Its Engl
      | language. Die? I thought I'd laugh. . . .

I trust that the unlamented Raymond Hass

  8WSW3 • UTILITIES ENGINEERING INSTITUTE

  *314 BELOCH AVDIUE, DIPT.X-7W. CHICAGO 14. IUJNOIS I

8

has

slithered back under his rock by now. How anyone
with a name like that has the nerve to write nawsty
letters Is beyond me. He is a one-man punner's
paradise. If only Joe Kennedy were around.

There was so much verse this trip that I was
tempted to send you my masterpiece—O Would I
Were A Werewolf. But I have some human feeling
left, Wherefor. with which, and thus speaking, and
"smiling tremulously up at you through my tears",
(thanx, Edmond) I bid you all a fond farewell—1023
Bonham Terrace, Austin, Texas.

Quoth the editor from his chair

You cut that out, Chad Olivaire. , . .
  Seriously or otherwise, aren't you a little
rough on poor Edmond? Afer all, he doesn't
pretend to be a Steinbeck—but he is a
darned good craftsman, tear jerking and all.
Just to please you, we follow with an un-
edited Sneary at once—or prunto as Sneary
would probably say. Send in the Werewolf
opus any time. We’ll cut h—1 out of it.

BUENOS TARDES!

by Rick Sneary

  Buenos dies, senor: —Just a few words about the
Jan. SS. Which I'm happy to say was really very
good. Even the cover was QS. Berge.v really did a
good job this time. A nice darls background and even
three rocket (?) ships. Of course the pie didn't match
the story, but I have lumed that you can't expect to
much, verdad?

  Star of Life was a little better than the average.
Hamilton pulled a nice twist by letting the heroin die.
I am not In favor of it as a rule, but with such a for-
mula type story it made a neat ending.

  Venus Mines. Inc.. was the best HF story you have
had sence I have been reading SS. (Not counting
"The Martian Odyssey" Which of course is In a class
by itself.) I whish you would tell from which Issue the
story is from. I would personal be very interested to
know this.	, ,

  The two short stories were better than vept good.
I am very happy to see that SS is reading the hand-
writing on the wall and turning more to this tlpe of
story. In which the human emotions reather than
uhycal action play the leading role. But human re-
action to an even comman avent has ana always win
be of interest. So lets have more of them.

  And now a few words to Mr. Raymond Hass. Sir.
You have made a nomber of good points. And from
\ikc vWw ot o. wwWae you are Quite write. But you

also show a like of understanding of the human
mind. First of all fans arc a different type than the
average. I don't mean smart or brainyer. They Just
think differently. Without doubt 90 per cent of them
are helpless egoist.	,, ,.

  But as a whole we are also a clearer thinking and
open minded on a lot of things. We write such letter
to the pros, not really to find fait, but in a effort to
help the editor. As a person I doubt that few fans ex-
pect to do anything. But as a grupe and in mass we
reusent the thousands of people who do read stf but
haven't got whal it takes to be writers.

  Sure we like to see are name in print. Who wouldn t.
I'll bet you got a little trill out of seeing your name
Mr. Hass.

  Fans are a lot more serious minded that you would
think. They appear like a lot of Eve year oules acting
up to say. Well Mr. Hass do you. or the Union be-
long to worry about the 3ed and LAST wourld war?
Or do you in you small way try to help such things
as Federation of Atomic Scientist? I doubt it. You
would be verry suprised I'm sure if you could read
some letters wrlten to other fan by the same fans
you speak of.

  There are of course exceptions, a lot of the shorter
and duller letters are writen by people who are not
reallv fans. Such people as you that eather whish to
prase of deride the mag for something and to see their
name in print.

  It would seam pretty obvious that editors have
found that it pays In some way. By the feeling of the
letters a editor can keep ahand on the readers pulse.
I, as I'm sure any wide awake fan. do not expect
that Earl Bergey will get sacked just becouse I say
that a cover smells. I say it becouse I belive It does
alright, but the reason I say it is in the hope that
Bergey will try to better the next time. (Which he
does now and then.)

  I'm sure Mr. Hass has read the Sarges plee for bet-
ter letters. And I for one hope he gets them. And
there is a old saying in fandom that I would like
to leave with you. If you don't like the way It's
done, get in and do it better.—2962 Santa Ana St.,
South Gate, Calif.

Okay, Rick. Thanks a lot for rushing to
our mutual defense against that dastard of
(Continued on page 98)

To People
who want to write

but can't get started

Do you have that constant urge to write
but the fear that a beginner hasn’t a
chance. Then listen to what the former
editor of Liberty said on this subject:

 "There is more room lor newcomer) In the writing field
 today than ever before. Some ol the greatest oI writing
 men and women have passed Irom the Kent in recent
 yeari. Who will take their places? Who will be the new
 Robert W. Chambers, Edgar Wallace. Kudyard Kipling?
 Fame, riches and the happiness ol achievement await the
 new men and women ol power."

HAD NEVER WRITTEN A LING
SELLS ARTICLE BEFORE COMPLET-
ING COURSE

 "Before completing the N. I. A,
 course, I sold a leature to Screen/and
 Magazine tor SSO. That resulted In
 an immediate assignment to do an-
 other lor the same mngarine. Alter
 gaining confidence with successive
 leature stories, 1 am now working
 into the fiction field. Previous to
 enrolling in the N. I. A., I had never
 written a line lor publication, nor
 seriously expected to do so."—Gen®
 E. Levant, 116 West Avc. 28, Lot
 Angeles, Calif.

Writing Aptitude Test —FREE!

 THE Newspaper Institute of America offer* a Irot Writ-
 ing Aptitude Test. Its object is to discover new recruit*
 for the army of men and women who add to their income
 by fiction and article writing. The Writing Aptitude Teat
 is a simple but expert analysis of your latent ability, your
 powers of imagination, logic, etc. Not all applicants pas*
 this test. Those who do ore qualified to take the famous
 N. I. A. course based on the practical training given by
 j big metropolitan dailies.

 This is the New York Copy Desk Method which teaches
 you to write by writing. You develop your individual style
 instead of trying to copy that ol others. You "cover" actual
 assignments such as metropolitan re-
 porters get. Although you work at
 home, on your own time, you are con-
 stantly guided by experienced writers.

 It is really fascinating work. Eoch
 week you see new progress. In a mat-
 ter of months you can acquire the
 coveted "professional" touch. Then
 , you're ready for market with greatly
 improved chances of making sales.

 Mail the Coupon Now
 But the first step is to take the Writing
 Aptitude Test. It requires but a few
 minutes and costs nothing. So mail the
 coupon now. Make the first move
 towards the most cnjoyablo and profit-
 1 able occupation—writing for publica-
 tion! Newspaper Institute of America,

One Park Avenue, New York 16, N. Y.

 | (Founded 1925)

,/MjL

v Wri
| about «

       Newspaper Institnte of America
       On* Park Are., New York 1*. N. T.

       Send me, without cost or obligation, your
  Writing Aptitude Test and further information
  ‘ writing for profit

•****••••*•••«•*sae

Mr.

i Mrs. V

Miss J

Address .............................................................................

I * ChccX hem ir you »r» ellgtUS under me G.J. Biii oi airhu.""
(All wmpoum tooA'Ientml. No »le«man -111 t.l| on eSe-W
*aa»«a*Baaaaaaa«aaaaammimm

Copyright 1947, N*wspoper Institute of Amtrlco.
we're blowing
ONTO THE . <
L SHOALS. J

 r TELL YOUR DAD 1
 WE'RjE OX, MISS.j
 THE ENGINE'LL^
 L START NOW ./l

TOU GOT US OUT ■ CATFISH SHOALS ^\l /COME ABOARD WHEN MI'LL START SUPPER,
OF A NASTY FIX. \HAVE BEEN BAD NEWSU WE ANCHOR. WE*R£ \l DAD, WHILE YOU /
I WAS ABSOLUTEL^FO^WY A^SEL^NV^^^^Ow^^E^EAW wA

SAY, THIS BLADE'S J IT'S A THIN 1
A PIP. NEVER GOT m GILLETTE J

RID OF WHISKERS ] • • • AND I
FASTER OR EASIER PLENTY KEEN]

/ I'M PUTTING IT STRAIGHT, MEN, WHEN I \
/SAY YOU GET REAL SHAVING SPEED AND ]
COMFORT WITH THIN GILLETTES. THEY’RE
THE KEENEST, LONGEST-LASTING BLADES IN ,
THE LOW-PRICE FIELD. AND BECAUSE THEY
FIT YOUR GILLETTE RAZOR PRECISELY, YOl/RE

PROTECTED AGAINST THE SCRAPE AND ,-✓

V	IRRITATION CAUSED BY MISFIT
\ BLADES. ASK FOR y\ [ Ltpd)
' X THIN GILLETTES s' \\§

THAT'S A WASTE OF TALENT,
MY CONSTRUCTION FIRM d
LNEEDS MEN LIKE YOU A

WE PLAN TO FIX*
UP OUR TUB AND
START A FISHING/
“XSEKVICE-fT^!

      HES CERTAINLY
      X HANOSOME J

2  
0  
M  
/  
N  
U  
r  
   
s  
i  
A  
T  
£  
X  

Boyce knew before he touched Irathe how her strong soft body would feel in his arms. (CHAP. X)

Lands of the Earthquake

             By HENRY KUTTNER

   William Boyce, in whose veins flows the blood of crusaders,
   goes on the quest of a lost memory and a mysterious woman in
   an odd clime where cities move and time stands motionless!

CHAPTER I

The Crystalline Window

WILLIAM BOYCE lost a year out
of his life when he was thirty.
One August morning he was walk-
ing south of the library on Fifth Avenue,
past the stone Hons that guard the broad

steps, and then suddenly he was in a hospital
bed in Bellevue, one year later. A patrolman
had found him lying unconscious on one of
Central Park's broad lawns. Boyce came
out of Bellevue into Hell.

 Amnesia was nothing new. Psychiatrists
told Boyce that under treatment his memory
would probably return. In the meantime, it
would be best to slip back into his familiar

An Amazing Complete Full~Length Novel

11
12	STARTLING STORIES

grooves of life and pick up where he had
so abruptly left off a year ago.

  It sounded easy. Boyce tried it But he
had lost all interest in his classes at the
university. He was haunted. He developed
an obsession. He knew that he had to find
out what had happened to the lost year or
he could not go on.

  Occasionally fleeting flashes of memory
would come to him—a man’s swarthy, mous-
tached face, a quiet voice he seemed to
know intimately, speaking sometimes in a
language that was familiar and yet strange.

  Once, in Classics. Boyce heard that tongue
spoken—it was a reading from a medieval
manuscript in old French, the French of six
hundred years ago. But he understood it
like his native tongue. That was very
strange, he thought . . .

  Then there was a memory of dark figures,
robed, moving with an eery litheness that
made Boyce shake suddenly all over with
sheer terror. That memory always snapped
shut almost instantly, as if his mind would
allow him only a glimpse. At such times he
wondered whether the truth about his lost
year might not drive him insane with sheer
panic.

  But soiaetlung still drew him resistlessly to
that lost time. He thought that it was linked
somehow with the crystal he had found in
his pocket upon his release from Bellevue. It
was not a large crystal, but it was cut in a
way he had never seen before. Some of its
facets were concave, others were convex. It
was perfectly transparent. And he felt-
uncomfortable—when he did not have it in
his pocket. He could not have said why.

  Time passed—a year, full of restlessness
and uncertainty. More and more of his days
he spent wandering through the city, search-
ing and searching, with no knowledge of
what he sought He was beginning to drink
—too much, and more than too much.

  The district near the East River, far south
of mid-town, seemed to have the deepest
attraction for him. Sometimes, hazy with
whiskey, he would roam the silent streets,
his hand in his pocket clenched on the
crystal that seemed cold against his palm
with a chill of its own, never taking warmth
from his touch. Louder and louder, more
and more insistently, that silent voice from
his lost year was calling him.

  ■Rie man’s dark face—that among many
things floated before him more often than
before. It was not the face itself that mat-

tered, he began to realize. The face was
more a key to some secret than anything of
intrinsic value. And it was not even a living
face, but a pictured one. . . .

  One day he saw that face in reality. He
followed the man at a distance, through
streets that grew familiar.... At last he was
left standing in front of an ancient, narrow
brownstone house by the East River—indeed,
its rear windows must have looked on the
river. As he watched the man unlock the
door and enter the house, be knew, without
knowing why. that this was the place which
had been drawing him for so long.

  The muscles on his jaw tightened under
the stubble of his beard. He crossed the
street, mounted the low flight of steps, and
stood waiting, not quite daring to ring the
bell. Then, scowling, he thrust his finger
forward.

AFTER a moment the door opened.
Blind wings of panic beat in Boyce’s
chest. He thrust forward, and the man facing
him gave ground, his face darkening with
suspicion.

  Boyce's gaze went beyond him. He knew
this dark long hall somehow, as he knew
the stairway that went up into gloom, and
the other one that led down.

  “What do you want?" the man said sharply.
“Who’re you looking for?"

  Boyce stared at that strangely familiar face.

  “I—my name’s Boyce,” he said, hesitating.
“You don’t. . . remember me?”

  “Boyce?" Sharp eyes searched his. Again
the quick suspicion flared. “Heck, no! Lis-
ten, mister—just what do you want? I don’t
know you.”

  Boyce felt his throat dry.

  “Two years ago—I've changed a lot prob-
ably. but not so much that you can’t remem-
ber me.”

  “I never saw you before in my life."

  “How long have you lived here?"

  “Ten years," the man said. "Except—"

  “I know this house!" Boyce said desper-
ately. “Over there’s the living-room, with
the fireplace.” He moved so quickly that
the other was left behind. In a second Boyce
was through a curtained archway and staring
around a cluttered, gloomy room—a room
he knew!

  His eyes went to the fireplace and over it
There hung a framed tinted photograph,
nearly life-size, of the dark man.

  It was the photograph he remembered—
behind hit tiger-be«ts, Inning oa the te*sh, the htinttmM Ciot* to hi* ttge»-*tnp*<l garment!. 1CHAP. XV)
14	STARTLING STORIES

not the man! He whirled.

  “I tell you, I know this house! I’m certain
of it!” Again the inexplicable urgency
tugged at him, drawing him . . . where?

  The dark man said, “Look—I said I lived
here for ten years, except when I leased the
place once. But I leased it to somebody
named Holcomb, not Boyce.”

  “Holcomb? Who was he?"

  “I never saw the guy. My lawyer handled
the whole deal. I moved out and a year later
I moved back in. Never saw Holcomb. But
that was the name.”

  Boyce stared, trying to find some light in
this deeper mystery. Abruptly he headed for
the door and out into the hall. Behind him
the dark man said, “Hey!" but Boyce didn’t
stop. He knew where he was going.

  As he wait down the stairs his unwilling
host called after him.

  “There’s nothing down there! It’s all
empty, in the basement rooms. Mister, I’m
gonna call the—”

  But Boyce was gone. Heightened expect-
ancy made his breath come faster. What he
would find here he did not know, but he felt
that he was on the right track at last. That
inexplicable call was thrilling in his blood,
urging him, commanding him to do some-
thing he should have done long ago.

  He went through a door and the room
beyond was small and dusty. The splinter-
ing board walls had no windows and the
only light filtered dimly past Boyce as he
stood staring. It was like any other square
empty room—and yet somehow Boyce sighed,
a deep sigh of curious satisfaction.

  This was it. This was the room. It was
here that. . . what?

  He stepped out on the dust of the floor.
It was so empty a room that the one thing
in it struck his gaze forcibly once he was
inside. On a shelf on the wall a cheap glass
candlestick stood and in it a guttered candle.
Only the wax of the candle looked a little
strange. It was almost clear wax, a delicate
blue-green like the sky at evening, so nearly
transparent that you could see the shadow of
the wick through its half-melted floor.

  Footsteps sounded overhead. Boyce went
over to the candle and touched it with a
hesitant forefinger.

  “I remember this,” he whispered. “I’ve
seen this before. But the room... It is and it
isn’t It never was empty this way, and
dirty. Somehow I don't think it was. But
it looks ... right, even now.”

  It was too gloomy to make out details. He
snapped a match into flame and then lit the
candle.

  The room—it should have been a little
different. Richness. Tapestries. Jewels. Silk
stuff. But it should have looked exactly like
this, too. How—

  The wick kindled and bloomed up in a
slow golden oval.

  Boyce drew his breath in a long gasp.

  “Something’s missing,” he said softly.
“Thisr

  The crystal he had carried for two years
was cold in his fingers as he lifted it in a
gesture that was virtually a conditioned
reflex! He held it before the candle and the
flame struck sparks from the facets of the
stone. The room for an instant was full of
shooting fireflies as the lights danced wildly
on floor and walls and ceiling. Boyce’s hand
shook.

  He remembered, now. out of that lost
year, how he had held up this crystal before,
while she—she . . .

THERE were suddenly shadows upon the
walls. Shadows that moved and grew
stronger as Boyd gazed. A strange, dim
richness was gathering and growing all
around him, a dance of shadow-tapestries
blowing like ghosts in a ghostly wind whose
draft he could not feel. Dim jewels flashed
from the unreal folds.

  The bare boards still rose around him,
gray and splintered and dusty, but a clothing
of tapestried hangings was taking shadow-
form upon the walls, silently rustling in that
silent, unreal breeze. Thicker and thicker
the shadows grew. Now the boards were
half-hidden behind their ghostly richness,
like the bare bones of a skeleton that gath-
ered ephemeral flesh about it out of a phan-
tom-world.

  With every flicker of the eandle-flame the
tapestries grew richer and more real. The
jewels caught the light more clearly. There
was a rug like thick, soft dust underfoot,
opulently patterned. Overhead the ceiling
billowed with dim silks like the webs of
fabulous spiders, woven into flowery gar-
lands. And yet behind all the richness he
could still see the naked ribs of the room,
grey boards, dust, desolation

  Boyce held the crystal to the light, his
hand now steady. And the candle flame,
falling through it in broken refractions, cast
a web of light upon the one surface of the
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	15

wall that was not shadow-hung. But no
longer did the bare boards show there.
Where the light fell a crystalline pattern
formed upon the wall, intricately woven in
designs as delicate and clear as the pattern
of a snowflake.

  It seemed to brighten as he watched. The
ghostly tapestries blew about them, the
silken garlands overhead billowed, but the
pattern on the wall held steady and grew
deeper and more brilliant, deeper and deeper.
Light poured powerfully from the flame
through the crystal, was strengthened as
through a lens and sank like some tangible
substance into the wall beyond. It permeated
the wall, dissolved it, etched the pattern of
the crystal as if with some strange, bright
acid that set its mark forever upon the sur-
face where the light-pattern lay.

  The wind blew through the pattern. . . .
Boyce was aware of it dimly. The tapestries
blew both ways from that delicately etched
design upon the wall, as if the light had dis-
solved an opening into the outer air and a
breeze from another world blew through it.

  It must be a breeze from another world,
for he could not feel its breath.

  Suddenly his hand began to shake. This
was impossible. This could not be happening.
It was hallucination, alcohol-bom, and he
would waken in a moment in some dingy
booth in a bar with the noise of tin-pan
music in his ears and crowds moving about
him—not with these silent tapestries that
looked so frighteningly familiar upon the
walls.

  His hand shook—yes. But the light upon
the wall die! not shake. Unbelievingly, he
lowered the crystal slowly. The light held
steady. He closed his fingers about the
crystal—it was colder than ever now, with a
chill that sank into his hand—and dropped
the smooth, shining thing back into his pock-
et, his eyes still unwaveringly fixed upon
the wall.

  The beautiful, shining pattern was a re-
fraction no longer. It was real. It was a
great glittering design of crystal, cold and
perfect as a snowflake, and as fragile. He
knew it was fragile. How he knew it he was
not sure.

  But it was the only real thing in the room.
The bare bones of the walls, the dust and
the splintered boards were not there at all.
The tapestries were more real than he, blow-
ing In a scented breeze from the crystalline
wall. But neither tapestries nor the unfelt

breeze had the compelling reality of the
pattern.

  There was something—he fought to grasp

it

  She had gone before him. That was it!
That was what had haunted him for so long,
driving him along devious paths to this mo-
ment and this sorcerous room.

  He could see her as she had stood here
months ago—a moment ago—time lost all
meaning as he remembered. But he could
not see her face. She had stood with her
back to him in this rich, gleaming room, a
silhouette against the great shining pattern
on the wall. A tall silhouette, lovely,
dangerous. . . .

  Light flashed in his mind. He saw as if a
shutter had snapped open the way she turned
for one brief instant and glanced across her
shoulder into his eyes.

  She had smiled. He saw the red lips
curve, and the white flash of her teeth and
the brilliance of her eyes, violet fire in the
richly-tinted face. Danger was in her smile,
and bright, blinding color. An invitation and
a threat. And then she had stepped forward
and—and . . .

  Yes, it had been invitation. It might have
happened a year ago—it might have hap-
pened only the moment before this. Time
meant nothing to her. She meant terror and
something worse than terror. She meant
the thing his mind had gone blank to shut
away forever. But where she went, he must
follow.

  He had completely forgotten everything
but that

  Blindly he stepped forward. The pattern
upon the wall loomed above him, exquisitely
etched in infinities of tiny crystalline panes.
Beyond it he could see dim things moving.
He did not care. He thought they meant
danger, but he did not care. The bright,
laughing, terrible face was in his eyes like a
flash of light that blotted out all other vision.
He saw nothing now, but her.

  By instinct he put up both arms to pro-
tect his face—and plunged blindly through
the glass.

  He heard it splinter around him with a
sound like thousands of tiny musical bells
tinkling. He felt their sharp edges cutting
through his sleeves. He felt a gust of keen,
cold air, and then the world failed beneath
his feet and he was falling.

  After that he remembered nothing at all.
STARTLING STORIES

CHAPTER II

The Huntsman

SOMEONE was laughing. It sounded far
away. Boyce opened his eyes and looked
up dazedly at a drift of blue-grey mist float-
ing before his face. Beyond and above it he
could see more mist, layer upon layer hang-
ing in the dim cool air, and above them—
mountains?—great walls of rock that van-
ished into the fog.

  The laughter came again. It was not far
away—it was close by, and there was a snarl
in it. He sat up stiffly, wondering where he
was.

  There was clear glass, broken into glitter-
ing fragments, lying all around him. Boyce
remembered.

  But now he lay upon a shelf of stone, cold
and a little damp, and behind him when he
twisted to look was a grey rocky wall rising
sheer into clouds. Window? There was none.
Yet he must have emerged here, upon this
ledge, for here lay the splintered glass of his
passage through the pattern. Whatever door
he had come through was closed behind him
now.

  The ledge was narrow. To right and left
it led downward over a trail along the face
of the cliff. Mist floated to hide what lay
below. But before him, far away over the
drifting mist, a great walled city lifted its
towers. And it was a curiously shaped city.
He blinked through the dim air that lay
between.

  Clouds formed and tore apart and re-
formed over the whole valley floor, but the
city’s roofs rose too high to be hidden. He
could see that some of them were made of
jagged rock, and some of clear glass. Many
were of bright stuff like the roofs of tents,
striped and patterned or of clear, glowing
colors that billowed a little in the wind.

  It was dim in the valley, and he could see
lights burning among the roofs. Some of
them came brilliantly through the crystal;
some glowed like lanterns through the
colored stuff of the tented towers. The city
looked like a carnival alight with festive
lamps. But there was something about it that
he did not like. Was it memory, he wondered
or something more deeply rooted than mem-
ory—instinct itself warning him of what lay

within those high walls?

  •"Beyond them the mists rolled again over
the far reaches of the valley, and beyond the
mists were more mountains. They swept up
and up, peak upon jagged peak, range upon
rising range, until the low clouds hid them.

  But upon one of the foremost peaks a
gigantic castle lay. Boyce narrowed his eyes
against the haze and the distance, and tried
in vain to make out the shape of the building.
The mists between thinned for a moment,
like the curtains of a stage drawing back.

  He saw the great crenelated towers, with
a scarlet banner like a tongue of flame blow-
ing tremendously from the topmost height
of the great donjon-keep. It was a castle
such as he had seen often enough in old
pictures, a mighty fortified heap of walls and
towers, strangely familiar in this—this dream,
this incredible land of mist and mountains.

  Then the clouds rolled in again and the
castle with its banner like a flame was blot-
ted out as if memory itself had revealed it
for a moment and then forgotten again, or
as if the mists of the past had swallowed
forever those anachronistic towers.

  Boyce got slowly to his feet.

  Not until then did the laughter come
again, deep now, with amusement and a
snarl that underlay the amusement.

  Boyce turned. The sound seemed to come
from above, and after a moment the mists
drew back and he saw the one who laughed.
Standing on a ledge a little way up the face
of the rock, with mist swirling around him,
a tall man watched him. Boyce stared in-
credulously.

  At first glance he could not be sure the
man was not actually furred like a tiger, for
his long, muscular limbs and lithe body were
tawny and striped with a fur of velvety
sheen. But the man's grinning face was
pale, and his black hair under the tiger-skin
hood lay smooth.

  He was leaning back against a leather
strap lie held with both hands, and Boyce
could see dimly the surge of sleek bodies
around his knees. The strap was a leash, but
the creatures he held upon it were invisible
in the fog.

  The tiger-striped man's lip lifted in a smile
like a snarl, and he took one hand from the
leash to make a signal to Boyce—intricate,
swift motions of the fingers that were blurred
to the sight. About his knees the leashed
animals surged instantly into activity, and
the man laughed fiercely and seized the
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	17

strap again, wrestling with his pack. But
his eyes were questioning upon Boyce.

  He waited, struggling with his beasts. The
smile faded. He made the quick, cabalistic
gesture again, again fought with his pack to
quiet it as he waited. This time he scowled,
and the scowl was scarcely fiercer than the
smile had been.

  Boyce lifted both hands, palm out, in the
universal gesture of peace. It was all he
could do. He had no answer for the myste-
rious sign, though dimly he felt he should
know what the answer was.

LAUGHTER leaped into the other man's
face, instant murderous delight, as if
this failure was what he had longed for.
Boyce thought for the fraction of a second
that he saw recognition in the pale, danger-
ous countenance above him. He thought the
jnan knew him, had hoped for the chance at
enmity and laughed now in terrible delight
because the chance had come.

   The laughter swelled to a roar, triumphant,
with a tiger snarl in the sound, and the man
touted out a deep halloo like a huntsman
calling to his pack. One striped, tawny arm
flung out in a gesture of warning. He was
motioning Boyce to run. He was pointing
down the narrow trail toward the valley, and
the unseen beasts leaped about his knees,
almost free of the loosened leash.

  Boyce turned uncertainly, bewilderment
fogging his mind. Everything had happened
too suddenly, and he was not yet sure at all
that he was not asleep and in a dream where
a tiger-striped nightmare warned him to
flee from snarling nightmares tugging at
their leash. He did not like the thought of
running. He did not—

  With one last halloo the Huntsman slipped
the strap. Over the lip of rock Boyce saw
smooth bodies pouring down at him, five,
six. seven sleekly furred beasts as large as
mastiffs and as lithe as serpents. One lifted
an almost human face to snarl at him.

  It was a beautiful, demented face, half-
tiger, half-cat—the strange semi-human
countenance of animal faces in medieval
tapestries. But the beast was neither cat
nor dog. It was something he had never seen
before. Circe’s beasts might have had such
faces.

  He turned and ran.

"Look up, Strmacr,” Godfrey

Mid. "Tltlj is Kecak of file
Crinadcn!" (CHAP. Ill)
18	STARTLING STORIES

  The trail was steep. Mist blew around him
as he plunged downward, never sure that
the next step might not carry him over some
unseen abyss. Behind him the Huntsman’s
laughter rang wildly through the fog, the
cliffs echoing it back until the whole valley
seemed to laugh with him. From the beasts
came a low. deep snarling, but no other
sound. They might be far behind, they might
be already at his heels. Boyce did not dare
turn to look.

  The steep trail curved around the face of
the rock and leveled slowly toward the valley
floor. Stumbling, panting, dizzy with in-
credulity, Boyce ran on.

  When the ground was level underfoot and
the drifting mist revealed to him that he had
come at last to the base of the cliffs, he
paused for a moment to get his bearings.
There was silence behind him. Even the
Huntsman's laughter was quiet now and no
snarling rolled through the fog.

  He stood on a sandy plain among clumps
of low-growing shrubs. Far off a glow of
faint color staining the mist told him where
the city lay, but he was not sure at all that he
dared seek out that city. He needed time to
think, to search his mysteriously closed
memory for things he so desperately needed
now to know.

 Where was he—in what impossible land?
What did he want here? For he had come
through the crystal window in answer to
a compelling urge toward—something. An
urge to follow—her—to find her? That
nameless, all but faceless woman who
wore an iron crown and whose very memory
was like a chain to draw him after her
wherever she might go.

 Where had he known her? What had she
been to him? Why did the shiver of recol-
lected danger ripple over him whenever he
let her memory float back into his mind?
He had no answers to these or any other
questions. He only knew he was lost in the
fog of an incredible land and he did not
think he dared seek out that city which was
its only familiar landmark.

  The Sorcerers’ City. Its name came into
his mind blindly. It was an evil city, full of
strange enchantments and stranger men and
women. He felt a sudden urge to look upon
it and struck out on impulse through the fog
toward a rise of ground he saw a little dis-
tance away.

  From the eminence the city was clearer,
veiled and unveiled by the constant, silent

drifting of blue-grey clouds. Enigmatically
the great walls rose, enclosing their clusters
of lighted towers, their crystal roofs, their
tented canopies that glowed like lanterns
from the lights within.

  Through the mists a sound came faintly to
him. He turned. Far away, winding through
the cloudy plain, he saw a procession coming
toward the city. There was a curious dark-
ness over the long, wavering column. Tiny
lamps gleamed through it and the sound of
bells rose and fell as the procession wound
its way through the fog. He was near enough
to make out a little of those who walked in
the line. . . .

  Boyce had no recollection of what hap-
pened next. He only knew he was sitting
on the sandy ground his face in his hands,
while waves of sickness receded slowly as
he sat there. He was shaking all over.

 He remembered then that he had seen
those—those beings—before. Somewhere in
her company. As to what they looked like,
what they were, his conscious mind had no
recollection. He thought he would never
know consciously. They were too terribly
alien to all that is human. He only knew
that they walked upright like men, yet were
not men, and that such revulsion went
through him at the very thought of them
that his mind blanked wholly out. . . .

WHEN he heard the laughter of the
Huntsman in the fog, he was almost
glad. He got up unsteadily. The dark pro-
cession with its lights and bells had vanished
into the city and the mist was empty now.
The Huntsman laughed again, nearer at
hand, and on the heels of his laughter rang
out the first cry Boyce had heard from the
Huntsman’s pack—a high, shivering scream
that made his hair prickle at the roots.

  He ran.

  This time the hunt was after him in ear-
nest. Twice he heard the pack snuffling al-
most at his very heels, and the thin, clear
screaming of their voices was never long
silent in the fog. He ran without direction or
purpose for what seemed an endless time,
with the sandy plain spinning by featureless-
ly underfoot. He only knew he must not go
near the city and those who had entered it.

  Gradually it began to dawn upon him that
the Huntsman was deliberately herding him.
For the pack gave him breathing-spaces.
At intervals the Huntsman’s halloo would
ring through the mist and the screaming
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	19

would die away, and Boyce would fling him-
self full-length upon the damp sand and go
limp with exhaustion.

  If they meant to pull him down, they could
have done so a dozen times in the hours
upon hours that the hunt lasted. They were
herding him in some one general direction,
for some unfathomable reason of the Hunts-
man's own.

  Now the ground began to rise in jagged
foothills, and Boyce knew he was coming
again to mountains. The pack was close
behind him. He panted up a steep slope,
hearing the voice of the Huntsman and the
shuddering screams of the beasts echoing
hollowly through the fog.

  Then suddenly the ground before him
dropped away in a sheer cliff. He paused
and looked frantically about. If the Hunts-
man had driven him deliberately to this
spot, then perhaps it was with no other pur-
pose than to trap him more easily for the
kill. For he could not go on or go back.

  There was a new sound in the fog. A dull,
rhythmic clopping that was oddly familiar.
Boyce strained his eyes toward it. trying to
quiet his painful gasping. But the fog hid
the source of the noise and distorted its
sound.

  A clear, shivering scream from close be-
hind him made Boyce swing around. Out of
the greyness a low, lithe shape took form,
lifting a snarling face to stare at him. An-
other and another behind it moved sound-
lessly forward, like creatures in a dream.

  The clop-clopping was louder now. Ab-
ruptly the Huntsman’s voice rang out in a
high, summoning shout. The beautiful, snarl-
ing beasts hesitated. The Huntsman shouted
again, and abruptly the pack was gone. Mist
closed around them and they vanished like
nightmares as they had come.

  The Huntsman’s laughter rang out once
more, mocking, edged with that inhuman
snarl. Then silence.

  The rhythmic, half-metallic noise came on.
Boyce turned.

  Out of the fog that rolled back like a
curtain from its shoulders, a huge black
charger paced. Upon it rode a man—Boyce’s
eyes widened—a man who had ridden straight
out of a lost century.

  Chain-mail, glistening with moisture, hung
in faintly ringing folds upon his great body.
A conical helmet with metal-mesh hanging
from it framed a harsh face in which eyes of
pale blue stared unwinkingly at Boyce. A

sword swung at the knight’s waist.

 Another enemy, Boyce thought He
glanced back into the fog, but there was no
trace of the Huntsman or his pack.

           CHAPTER HI
           Earthquake

THE mounted man said something. Boyce
was stunned to find he could under-
stand the language. Not easily, but it was the
old French, the tongue spoken by Frenchmen
six hundred years ago. The words and in-
flection were archaic, garbled—but under-
standable.

  “I am a friend.” Boyce said slowly, care-
fully. “I come in peace.” But his tense
muscles did not relax. If the knight charged,
perhaps he could dodge aside and somehow
wrench the man from the saddle.

  “If you ran from the Huntsman, you are
no friend of the City dogs,” the knight said,
his harsh mouth relaxing a trifle. “You may
come in peace with me—at least. Where is
your home?”

  Boyce hesitated. What would modern
place-names mean to this archaic figure?

  “Another land.” he said at random. “Far
from here, I think."

  The blue eyes widened.

  “Beyond the mountains? Or—not a land
of blue sky and a bright sun? Not a land
named—Normandy?"

  Still Boyce hesitated. The knight leaned
forward in his saddle.

  “By your garments you are no man of this
haunted world. And you speak our tongue.
By the Rood, stranger—answer! Do you
know Paris and Rome? Byzantium? An-
swer! What world do you come from?”

  “I know Paris and Rome, yes,” Boyce said,
through his amazement. “But I do not under-
stand—"

  The knight clapped his gauntleted hand to
his thigh.

  “Oh, by all the gods! Now if you were
helot to the Huntsman or servant of Satanas
himself, I’d take you to Kerak with me! Up
—up, man! The pack may return, or other
dangers may threaten. We ride a perilous
patrol on these marches. Up, I say!”

  A mailed hand gripped Boyce’s. The
20	STAflTLING STORIES

American was swung up, finding a seat
behind the knight. The great charger, well
trained, scarcely stirred until the armored
man spoke a word. Then the horse cantered
forward, picking its way delicately through
the fog.

 “I am Godfrey Morel—Godfrey Long-
shanks they call me," came the hard, firm
voice. “Not in my memory has any man come
here from the lands of the cross. We were
the last. Dear heaven, how my soul has
sickened and lusted for a breath of clean
wind from Normandy!

  “Even the Turk sirocco, hell-hot as it was,
would have been grateful, instead of the per-
fumed stink of this abode of Satanas! Spy
or traitor you may be—we can learn that
later. But first you will tell me how the
world moves—whether we still hold Antioch,
and if the Red Lion still leads his Seljuk
Turks against our armies."

  About to answer, Boyce paused as an el-
bow jolted into his ribs.

  “Silence now, for a while,” Godfrey Morel
said softly. “Kerak is under siege. It is al-
ways under siege, but the fight glows hotter
of late. We must ride warily. And in silence.”

  The war-horse paced on through the thick-
ening mists. Boyce’s throat was dry. Byzan-
tium? Antioch? More than six hundred years
had rolled over old Earth since the banners
of the Crusaders flaunted on the ramparts of
Antioch!

  Boyce breathed deeply. This was no
stranger or more fantastic than the fantastic
questions that seethed in his brain. This world
was not Earth—he knew that without any
question. The crystal gateway through which
he smashed had led him into . . . what?
Her world, yes.

  "But what and where? He knew it did not
matter. Enough that it was here—the girl
he could neither forget nor remember, whose
image was a scar upon his memory. But for
the rest, his questions must go unanswered a
while longer.

  Godfrey Morel's armor creaked and rang.
Beneath them the great war-horse’s ponder-
ous gait rocked them both to the same
rhythm. Himself, and a man who asked after
Antioch and the fate of battles six hundred
years lost and won. He must not think now
of Godfrey Long-shanks’ enigma. His brain
was dizzy already with unanswered ques-
tions.

  The mists blew apart before them and
Boyce saw. high on a crag, the towers and

bastions of the great grey castle he had
glimpsed across the valley. The crimson
banner streamed from its keep-height.
Briefly through his mind went the wonder
that he had come so straight for it. Was that
the Huntsman’s doing? And if it was, why?

  Before him in the saddle he saw Godfrey’s
mighty mailed back go rigid. He heard the
Crusader’s caught breath. Then a deep-
throated shout made the mist echo around
them.

  “Look—look at hell opening again!”
roared Godfrey.

  The horse beneath them staggered. No—
not the horse, but the earth itself. Boyce
saw a long swell of sandy ground swiftly
rising as if the plain breathed. Between them
and the castled heights of the mountain the
land lay bare for a moment of mist, and all
that space was heaving incredibly. It was
more than earthquake—more purposeful,
far more sinister.

THEN the earth split. And the long jagged
rent moved horribly, like a crawling
serpent, toward the base of the crags that
upheld the castle.

  Godfrey Morel roared, "Kerak!” and
waved a great arm toward the castle as if
his shout could rouse the garrison to its
danger. Then he bent in the saddle and
drove his spurs deep. The war-horse
gathered itself on the rocking earth and
staggered, then leaped forward with a length-
ening stride.

  Boyce clutched the Crusader’s belt and
coughed in the dust that billowed up from the
pounding of the hoofs. The whole world
seemed to be shaking now, with a shifting
uneasy motion that tossed them like a ship
on water.

  And there was a crawling all over the
plain, a converging of the serpentine rents
as though the earth meant to swallow Kerak
whole. Huge cracks tore themselves open,
lengthening jaggedly. The plain was like a
sheet of ice breaking in a spring thaw, shat-
tering toward the crags upon which Kerak
towered.

  "Sorcerers!” Godfrey howled. He was up-
right in the stirrups now. yelling an ancient
war-cry, blindly spurring the charger across
the shuddering plain. Boyce hung on desper-
ately, not daring to shift his grip.

  Before them he saw the ground yawn sud-
denly. He could look down steep, crumbling
lips of earth into darkness, and he felt the
LANDS OF THE

stallion shudder with the shudder of the
plain. Then powerful muscles gathered be-
neath them, were ponderously released as
the charger with its double burden hurdled
the widening gap.

  “Dieu lo vuIt!” Godfrey breathed sudden-
ly, as they thundered on across the shaking
ground. It was the Crusaders' rallying cry,
Boyce knew, but something in Godfrey’s
voice told him this time it meant more—
relief, prayerful thanks—“God wills it!"

  He looked up. From the heights of Kerak
a flicker of light was broadening like a halo
around the topmost tower. It shivered and
widened and pulsed outward as the rings
widen in water from a dropped pebble.
Circle after circle, broadening and slowly
dropping, until the whole castle was ringed
with falling wheels of fire. . . .

  They did not stop at the base of the castle.
They dropped farther, ringing the crags.
They came down and down, slowly, silently,
flowing and widening as they came, and ever
the topmost tower pulsed them forth anew.

  Where the first of the broadening hoops of
fire touched the plain the earth ceased lo
shudder—and none too soon. For by then
Kerak itself had begun to pitch a little, like
a great castled galleon riding a stormy sea.
The deep groan of rocks shaken one upon
another sounded from the tortured crags. A
little more of that, and Kerak would have
begun to crack like the plain itself.

  But the touch of the fiery rings was like
the touch of oil on angry water. The earth
quieted, the groaning of the cliffs fell silent.
Kerak was firm again upon its great grey
crags. And as the showering wheels of fire
fell slowly downward in circles that broad-
ened toward the watchers, the cracks in the
plain began to close.

EARTHQUAKE	21

  Wherever the moving rings touched them,
the earth healed itself. Without a sound the
great rents were sealed like closing mouths.
Boyce thought of the mouths of giants,
silenced but not appeased by this quiet magic.
There was a feel of sullenness to the yield-
ing of the plain. The rings flowed steadily
outward, healing and quieting as they came,
but the earth was not appeased.

  In silence it yielded, but it was not con-
quered. He could feel that, somehow, in the
very silence of the place. The great gaping
lips of earth closed, but they closed on threats
to come. They bided their time.

  Godfrey reined in his trembling charger.
They waited while the first wave of light
lapped gently around them and went on.
Then the Crusader shook the caparisoned
reins on the neck before him and they paced
forward sedately, the stallion wading through
wave upon wave of quiet fire.

  Godfrey laughed, a deep, contented noise
in his chest.

•	“The old mage has not lost his wisdom.
Kerak is still safe in Tancred’s hands. But
the day may come—” He flashed a glance
across his shoulder.

  “You may be a spy of the Huntsman—or
worse,” he said. “Or you may be an honest
man. It's not my part to guess. There are
few places now a man could come from—
save the City. If spy you are, when you re-
turn tell the sorcerers that Tancred is still
their match.”

  “I’m no spy," Boyce said hesitantly,
fumbling for words in the strange, yet famil-
iar tongue. “You saw the Huntsman follow
me—’’

  “No man knows what drives the Hunts-
man," Godfrey said. “Well, here are the

[Turn page]

TOPS FOR QUALITY

QfSSE* 4a/o 8CTf^~

   4
22	STARTLING STORIES

bastions of Kerak. Look up, stranger. Feast
your eyes, if you came to spy. This is Kerak
of the Crusaders!”

  High, high, tremendous with quarried
blocks of granite, the mighty bastions tow-
ered. It made a man dizzy to stare up those
vast, converging heights. And the banner
that tore at its staff as if it fought for free-
dom with the wind made a sound of scream-
ing cloth and a flame of burning crimson.
It rolled over the tremendous battlements
like a banner of fire, shrieking to the wind in
a language of its own.

  "Now you must face the Oracle,” Godfrey
said ‘‘And be judged, for life or death. But
even if the judgment be death—by the Lance,
stranger, you shall give me news from my
old home before you die. That I have
promised myself.”

  The iron gates of Kerak screamed on their
iron hinges and Godfrey's stallion paced for-
ward through the rings of falling fire. And
it was thus Boyce first entered Kerak, where
the last Crusaders dwelt

CHAPTER IV
The Oracle

MIST hung in the open courts of Kerak.
Attendants in archaic garments ran
forward to help the riders dismount; they
crossed a stone-flagged pavement, invisible
In mist, and entered a half-seen door. The
cold smell of stone and the fragrance of
wood-fires closed about them as they went
down a corridor and into a great stone hall
high enough to have a drift of mist like
miniature clouds hanging in layers under
the vast ceiling.

  This was a room out of another age. Boyce
had seen pictures of such halls many times,
but he had certainly never thought to stand
in one, looking down the length of the room
toward the dais at one end with a bright fire
roaring in the chimney and men and women
in the garments of six hundred years past
lounging before the blaze.

  He followed Godfrey over the rush-strewn
floor toward the dais. There were women
there, in bright velvets, belted with jewels.
The breath came suddenly thick in his throat
He knew no more about her than the out-
line of her body against a crystal window and
the flash of a brilliant face glancing once at

him across her shoulder. But If she sat here
on the dais, he would know her. And per-
haps she did. Perhaps she did. . . .

  A great voice rang out suddenly.

  ‘‘Well, Godfrey! What skulker from the
marshes d'you bring us now?”

  Boyce started violently and paused among
the rushes, staring toward the speaker. He
knew the voice. He knew it as well as his
own. He had heard it somewhere very lately
—not with the arrogance that was in it now,
but with the same inflections, the same pitch
and pacing of phrase—the same voice.

  Godfrey took his arm and they went up
the steps of the dais and stood before the
speaker, Boyce staring hard.

  “A stranger from our own land, I think,
Sir Guillaume,” Godfrey was saying. “A
stranger from home—or a spy. I found him
in the marshes fleeing from the Huntsman’s
pack.”

  The man in the high-backed seat of honor
by the fire lolled at his ease, glaring up at
Boyce under thick brows. He was a big man
with immense strength in every line of him
under the long velvet robe. His tanned face
was seamed with the scars of old sword-
strokes but his blue eyes were very bright
and the mouth beneath a drooping yellow
moustache had the arrogance bom of a life-
time of command.

  And it was a face Boyce had seen before—
seen very recently. A face of haunting famil-
iarity. This was nothing out of his dreams or
his forgotten memories. He knew this face.

  “Your name, stranger?” Sir Guillaume de-
manded peremptorily. Boyce was aware of a
sudden flush. He did not like the man. It
was more than any quick surface dislike.
There was antagonism between the two. He
saw it on the Crusader’s face and felt it on
his own.

  "I am called William Boyce,” he said
shortly.

  At Sir Guillaume’s shoulder a black-
browed woman in green leaned forward
She was looking from the knight's face to
Boyce’s.

  “A moment. Sir Guillaume,” she said soft-
ly. “I think—is it only my fancy, messires,
or is there a likeness here?”

  The others stirred in their chairs and bent
to follow her gaze. But Boyce understood
even as the woman spoke. He knew—and the
knowledge was a flash that almost stunned
him—what lay at the root of the familiarity
in Sir Guillaume’s face and voice. This was
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	23

impossible—it could happen only in such a
dream as he walked in now.

  Sir Guillaume was himself, given a few
more years of age and a life-time of arro-
gance. The face and the voice were his own!

  Guillaume was gaping at him. Now he rose
and glared under bent brows into Boyce’s
eyes, and they were exactly of a height. Blue
eyes scowled at blue eyes. Identical mouths
set angrily.

  ‘‘Even to the names, Sir Guillaume!" the
woman in green said. “He is called by your
name in the English tongue. William du
Boyce—"

  “I am Guillaume du Bois. certainly,” the
knight growled, still staring in the other
man's eyes. “But if there is likeness here I
do not admit it!”

  A young page, kneeling on the edge of the
dais, had been polishing a great Norman
shield. Godfrey bent and snatched it up.

  “Look, Sir Guillaume." he said.

  Guillaume stared for a long moment into
the mirrory steel. He glanced at Boyce and
then back again, and his face began to suf-
fuse with rage and something like terror.

  Suddenly he flung down the shield. It
struck the floor with a hollow clang and
above the noise Guillaume roared with
anger.

  "Sorcery! By the Lance, this man’s a
sorcerer! Seize him!"

    ODFREY'S big hand closed on Boyce’s
WJP arm. Boyce himself, too bewildered to
think clearly, shook it off with angry violence.
The old French forsook him in his anger, and
he could only shout in English,

  “Let me go, you fool! I’m no sorcerer! I—”

  His voice was swallowed up in the roars
that swept over the dais as the men upon it
scrambled to seize him. Two of the women
screamed, and the greyhounds lounging by
the fire sprang up with yelps of excitement.
A moment of pandemonium reigned upon the
dais.

  Then above it a great, deep voice rose
commandingly.

  “Let him go, messires! Let the man go, I
say!”

  Reluctantly the turmoil subsided. Boyce,
looking up with the rest, saw a tall man in
black robes standing in a doorway at the
head of the dais. Without being told, he knew
who it must be—Tancred the Mage.

  There were cabalistic symbols on the dark
robe the magician wore and his head was

turbaned like that of an eastern prince, but
the face beneath the turban was not what
Boyce had expected. Tancred’s beard was
white and long, but his brows were black and
met above his nose in a perpetual, imperial
scowl. He wore emeralds in his ears and his
fingers were heavy with flashing stones. He
looked like a man who could command men
even without the power his magic gave him.

  “Is there no peace at all in Kerak?” he
demanded in a deep voice. “Even while the
castle still rocks on its foundations from the
assaults of sorcery, must we have brawling
on our dais?"

  “All sorcery is not without the walls,
Tancred," Sir Guillaume said loudly. “Look
upon this man and me, and judge whether
the City has not sent us another spy to—"

  Tancred laughed and came down the dais
slowly.

  “Spy he may be, Guillaume. But there
are other ways than sorcery to make two
men alike. Are you so certain, Guillaume,
that no kin of yours walk the earth?”

  Guillaume was not to be appeased.

  “I know magic when I see it. This stretches
coincidence too far."

  Tancred paused before Boyce, pulling at
his white beard thoughtfully. Black eyes
burned into Boyce’s.

  “Perhaps it does.” The magician nodded.
“But brawling give us no answers. There
are better ways of smelling out City spies.’’
He glanced around the dais. and his eye
moved past Boyce and paused. Boyce turned.

  In a corner of the chimneypiece a young
man sat huddled under a fur-lined cloak.
It was not cold here, and Boyce saw that
sweat stood on the youth’s pale forehead, but
he shivered from time to time under the
robe, and a shaking hand clutched at the
collar to hold it close about him.

  “Here is young Hugh,” Tancred said, his
voice stem. “Most of you know the story
of Hugh of Mandois. He went out scouting
last week and the men of the City took him.
He lived a week in the City.” There was
loathing in the word. “And Hugh came back
as all our men do—whoever return from the
City. His wits half addled because of the
things he saw.”

  Tancred crossed the dais and bent above
the huddled youth.

  “Hugh, lad—Hugh.” The boy looked up.
“Hugh, we have a question for you. Look at
this man here, standing beside Sir Guil-
laume.”
24	STARTLING STORIES

  Boyce met a pair of dazed blue eyes with
shadows in them. For an instant he knew
that look. He had seen it in the mirror in
his own eyes many times, when he strove in
vain to recapture some of the memories of
his lost year. That same dazed blankness,
with a hint of shadows beneath.

  Had he himself ever walked the City, and
looked upon the things that drove men mad?

  "Tell us, lad,” Tancred’s voice went on.
“Have you seen this man before? Do men
in garments like his visit the people of the
City? Is this man a spy, Hugh?”

  Hugh of Mandois lifted his haggard stare
again to Boyce, and for an instant Boyce was-
all but certain he would know him. He was
all but certain that in his lost year he might
indeed have walked those streets and met
young Hugh upon them.

  Too many strange things had happened to
him already in the past few hours for him to
feel sure of anything. His likeness in face
and name to Guillaume was the final straw.
Now he felt himself ready to believe or dis-
believe anything Tancred might tell him of
himself, so long as it offered a solution to the
mysteries around him.

  Hugh of Mandois let his shadowy, half-
mad eyes rest a moment longer upon Boyce.
Then he lowered them again, huddled the
robe around his shoulders and shook his
head dully.

  “I do not know,” he said in a thin voice.
"I do not know.” A shiver went over him
and he turned back to the fire.

  Tancreds big shoulders lifted beneath the
black robe in a shrug.

  ‘‘For Hugh’s sake, I wish he could re-
member,” he said, half to himself. "For his
own sake, I wish we could rouse him.
Well—” He looked back at Boyce specula-
tively. “He must go to the Oracle, of course.
He-”

  “Wait a minute,” Boyce said abruptly.

WlADS turned, murmurs rose. The peo-
ple on the dais stared at him out of
angry, suspicious faces, Guillaume’s nearest
and glaring with that inner hatred which the
two men who bore the same name and the
same face had felt so instinctively for one
another.

  “I’m no spy,” Boyce said, stumbling over
the archaic French. “The Huntsman should
have proved that—he tried to kill me. But I
didn’t come here by choice. And I won’t—”

  Tancred laughed.

  “Prove your point by the way the mist
blows,” he said, “but not by anything the
Huntsman does. His ways are more un-
certain than the clouds. Still, if he hunted
you here and failed to kill you, be sure he
had a reason of his own.”

  “Who is the Huntsman?”

  Tancred's face darkened. The black browa
wrinkled together above the black eyes.
“Perhaps you know better than we.”

  “All right.” Boyce said in sudden anger.
“Take me to your Oracle, then. Let’s have it
over with whatever it may be, and then IH
have some questions of my own that demand
an answer.”

  “Well spoken, stranger.” Tancred was
smiling again. “Come.”

  He swung aside with a sweep of the cabal-
istic black robes and waved a commanding
arm.

  Boyce moved after him half doubtfully.
But Guillaume, grinning a wolfish grin be-
neath his drooping moustache, walked on
one side of him, and Godfrey Long-shanka
stepped up on the other.

  “Now we shall know the truth about you,
spy,” Guillaume said. “March!”

  Beyond the door through which Tancred
had first entered a narrow stairway rose,
winding in the thickness of the wall. Glanc-
ing behind him, Boyce saw that everyone
who had been lounging on the dais was fol-
lowing them. The women picked their way
up the steps delicately, holding their long
skirts in ringed hands. The men shouldered
after, whispering among themselves. Hie
walls echoed with their voices and the shuffle
of feet on stone.

  They went up a long way. Boyce began
to suspect that they might be mounting to
the top of the donjon-keep that towered
highest of all over Kerak. Through slit-like
windows he caught glimpses of the misty
plain spread out far below, of the last rings
of magical fire dying away around the foot of
the crags like fading rainbows in the fog.
And across the valley the City was a blur of
colored lights veiled and revealed again as
the blue-green clouds drifted over it
The light had not changed here since his
wakening. He wondered if they had day and
night in this mysterious, incredible land, or if
the same dim half-brightness dwelt always
over the fog and the mountains.

  An arched hallway opened up before the
climbers. Boyce, between his two guards,
cleared the last of the steps and followed
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	25

Tancred’s broad back down the hall. A hush
had fallen over the crowd now. Even their
feet no longer shuffled. They walked almost
on tiptoe, and he could hear Godfrey
breathing fast beside him. Whatever the
Oracle might be, the castle people seemed to
hold it in something like dread.

  There was a curtained doorway at the end
of the hall. Purple velvet hangings em-
broidered all over in a pattern of silver webs
hid what lay beyond. Tancred laid one big
hand weighted with rings upon the heavy
folds. He turned then, his eyes searching the
crowd. There was a rustling among them,
and one quickly drawn breath seemed to
sweep the throng.

  "Stand forth, stranger," Tancred said in his
deepest voice. “Stand forth and face the
Oracle!”

CHAPTER V
Spy From the City

THE velvet curtains swept back. Boyce
had one moment of wonder and invol-
untary dread, as he realized that Guillaume
and Godfrey had released his arms and
stepped quickly back so that he stood alone,
facing Tancred and the door. Then he saw
what the doorway framed and all other
thought went out of his mind.

  He did not know what he had expected.
Certainly not this—this small stone room
beyond the curtains, nor that which filled it.
That delicate webbing of fire. . . .

  It was the webbing that caught his eye
first. The fiery strands were woven into a
hollow framework of exquisite pattern that
moved as he watched. A living framework
—a living cage.

  And in the cage of animate fire—a woman.
No, a figure of marble. No—a woman, after
all. Wax, or marble, or flesh—he could not
be sure. She was not alive. That much the
quickest glance assured him The cage
around her was living and fiery, but the
woman within had neither life nor warmth.

  She stood as a statue might stand, motion-
less, hands clasped before her, facing the
crowd. Her long white robe was no whiter
than her face and her hair fell in a cascade of
pure marble pallor, straight and unbroken
over her shoulders.

  The face had a purity of line that seemed

to rob it of all likeness to humanity. No
mortal face ever turned such flawless planes
to the beholder. The eyes were closed. The
lips were closed too, on a lovely line that
looked as if it could never have parted.
Boyce thought he had never seen a figure so
coldly remote, so utterly empty of life.

  For a long moment there was no sound in
the hall. Very faintly, standing this near,
Boyce could hear a fine, thin humming from
the cage, as if the fiery bars of it sang among
themselves. But from the crowd came only
the silence of caught breath, and from the
woman—the statue—no sound could ever
come.

  “What do you ask of me?”

  Boyce had to look again to be sure the
voice had come from those marble bps. They
scarcely moved. The eyelids did not move
at all. But surely no other lips in the world
could have spoken in such a voice of cold
remoteness. Such infinite, distant calm. A
chill went over him at the sound of that
gelid tone.

  Tancred's voice was soft and strangely
tender.

  "We have reason to think a spy may stand
here among us,” he said. “We bring him
before you that you may judge if he speaks
the truth."

  No sound, no motion, as his voice fell
silent. The marble girl faced them with
closed eyes and clasped hands, not moving
even to breathe. But the wait was a listening,
searching wait. Even Boyce held his breath,
half-believing against his own reason that
this waxen thing could see and know and
answer—if she would.

  The wait lengthened. She stood there
deathly in her coldness and her pallor—no,
not even deathly, for nothing can die that
has never known life, and it was impossible
to believe that breath had ever stirred those
marble nostrils or blood ever pulsed beneath
that marble skin.

  Then with barely perceptible motion, the
waxen lips parted. The voice that chilled the
listener like a breath of wind over ice was
clearly.

  “Yes, the man lies."

  Behind him Boyce could hear Guillaume’s
deep rumble of triumph, instantly hushed.
An involuntary ripple went over the crowd,
and he heard feet shuffle with angry, im-
pulsive motion and the whine of steel half-
drawn from scabbards by quick hands.

  “Wait,” the Oracle said coldly. “Wait.”
26	STARTLING STORIES

  Instant hush. In the silence, the icy voice
spoke on.

  "One stands among you as envoy from the
City. He came to kill. He waits now to kill.”

 The anger among the crowd surged up
again and its rumble of fury drowned out the
thin, cold voice. Boyce braced his feet wide
and wished ardently for a weapon.

  "It’s not true!’1 he shouted desperately.
"I'm no spy! I didn’t come to—”

  The rising roar drowned out his voice too,
and he knew one instant of that shattering
self-doubt, that old wonder whether he him-
self knew what the truth might be. But
there was no time for that now. Guillaume
with both great arms lifted and a grin of
triumphant hatred on his face was half a
dozen paces away, and coming fast, and the
crowd behind him was a swirl of shouting
faces and angry eyes.

  "Wait!” The clear voice, like an icy lash,
cut through the noise in the hall. The marble
girl’s face had not changed. The lips were
parted no farther than before, the eyes were
still closed. But the voice had the volume
of a shout, yet was still a cold, thin murmur
only.

  Boyce saw the eyes of the crowd leave him
and fasten on the white figure in the fiery
cage. They paused, flushed and angry—but
they paused.

  “I did not name the man.” the chilly voice
reminded them.

  Bewildered murmurs answered that.

 “He stands among you in a guise you
know,” said the voice of ice. “He is no
stranger. He is not this man before me.”
She paused again. Then with an emphasis so
biting that Boyce could all but feel the sear
of cold upon his flesh, she said, "Must 1 name
you,spy?”

 The thing that happened then stunned
them all. Boyce saw it most clearly, for he
was half-facing the crowd. The others had
to turn and were jostled when the first wild
sound rang upon them from the back of the
hall.

  The sound was laughter.

A HUDDLED figure standing in the
mouth of the stair-door shook with
sudden, desperate mirth, flinging up a wild,
pale face to stare at them. It was Hugh de
Mandois, the half-mad refugee from the
teiTor of the City.

 In the first moment Boyce thought the
lad was shaken with something like hysteria

from the tenseness of the scene. Then he
saw the bowed body under the heavy robe
straighten—straighten and rise. His eyes
refused to accept the height of the figure.
They carried no message for a moment to
his startled brain. He gaped blankly at that
which stood in the stairway door.

  For Hugh de Mandois was rising to a full
stature that towered impossibly over the
highest head in the crowd. The cloak fell
back. The garments the young Hugh had
worn were ripped and fell away, and it was
no human figure that rose from the huddle
which had been Hugh of Mandois.

  What it was he could not be sure. Boyce
saw it most clearly of them all, and not
even he could give a name to it None of
them saw it for longer than an instant. In
that brief interval the thing stood up before
them, towering, terrible, a monstrous laugh-
ing figure mailed in something that might
have been glittering scales or glittering
armor, something so strange the eye could
only translate it into familiar things like
these.

  Its laughter rang like a trumpet under the
arched ceiling, filling the hall with sound.
And then the creature leaped. . . .

 Afterward some said it fought with a
sword and some said it wielded a flame in-
stead of a blade. Certainly wounds were later
dressed that looked like the ripping of heavy
claws. And the smell in the hall was of
scorched flesh as well as of blood. For the
fight was terrible before they subdued the—
the spy the City had sent among them.

 Boyce fought with the rest. It seemed
incredible that one being, however large,
could have engaged them all. Its speed was
that of light itself, its strength beyond
imagining. The strange thing was that they
did, in the end, after a desperate struggle,
manage to prevail.

  Boyce remembered only the feel of cold,
smooth limbs tossing him aside and falling
after him, and crushing him with great, care-
less blows. How he fought he was not sure.
Bare fists seemed little enough against that
fabulous being, and yet he remembered the
feel of his knuckles sinking into the scaled
body, the sound of a groan as the blows
sank, the reek of a scorching breath in his
face.

 He remembered the numbing coldness of
an edged something sinking into his flesh, the
sound of ripping skin and the hot gush of
his own blood flowing down over his chest,
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	27

He remembered a heavy blow at the base of
the skull, and after that he floated in a
whirling of stars that closed over his head in
fathomless darkness- • • •

  “And your coming here was no accident,
William Boyce." Tancred leaned back in the
window seat and looked at Boyce under
meeting brows, his black eyes piercing.

  Boyce looked away. His glance wandered
about the small stone room, the canopy above
the bed in which he lay, the tapestries on the
walls, all of it very familiar to him now, after
this long, long while of convalescence. He
was tired still. He did not really want to
delve any deeper into the mysteries that had
brought him here.

  The deep scar upon his shoulder had all
but healed by now, but there was a deeper
weariness in his mind. Perhaps it was the
sight of the drifting mists beyond his window,
changeless, grey clouds rolling eternally over
a weary land.

  He could see the mirages from here, too.
Behind Tancred now the unreal towers of a
mosque-like city were taking shape in the
fog. At first he had thought it delirium when
he saw these visions forming and fading
again upon the mist. But others saw them
too. And no one could tell him certainly
whether or not the visions were wholly un-
real.

  “No one dares go far from Kerak.” God-
frey had warned him. “The land—changes.
Perhaps it is sorcery that makes the pictures
In the fog. Perhaps they are mirages like
those we saw in the desert before Jerusalem.
Or perhaps—Dieu lo vult—these are real
things we see. Cities that drift like the mist.
Gardens and orchards going by like ships in
a sea of fog. There is no way to be sure—and
return to tell of it.”

  He would not think of the mirages now.
Tancred was speaking, and he would have to
listen.

  “I say it was no accident that sent you
among us with Guillaume’s face and name,”
Tancred repeated, stroking his beard with a
jeweled hand. "The story you tell is such a
strange one I am inclined to believe it. I
believe much, because of the things I know,
which my companions would think rank
heresy.”

  He hesitated, turning a ring upon his
finger, then shot a keen glance at Boyce lying
among the bed-cushions.

  “I could even guess,” he said, “what it is
that lies hidden in that lost year you speak

of. But I am not free to tell you what I
suspect. This much I can say—I think you
were a tool for someone stronger and less
scrupulous than I. Perhaps this woman you
tell me of. And if you were a tool, then tool
you remain!

  “For you have not yet performed whatever
function they meant you for. And I think
you may have been chosen for that func-
tion because of your kinship with Guill-
aume.” The black eyes narrowed. “That
means, you see, the City.

  “Someone chose you from among all the
men of your world someone used you for a
year there, in ways so terrible your mind has
closed up against x-emembering. And in the
end, someone made it possible for you to
follow your forgotten memories into this
land, where a timeless struggle still is waged
between Kerak and the Sorcerers’ City.”

  He was silent awhile, his face creased in
lines of worried thought, his big ringed hand
moving with a steady, unconscious motion
over his white beard.

SOMETHING in Boyce’s mind did not
want to follow that thought. It was like
an alien thing, curled in the center of his
brain, trying to shut his ears and his eyes to
the things Tancred was saying. An alien
thing? Some other mind reaching out from
distances across the mist to quiet his ques-
tioning, keep him in ignorance of things the
alien creature did not wish him to know?

  “Tell me,” he said uncomfortably, not
entirely sure the words came from his own
mind, and not that half-sensed invader in
his brain. “How did your people come here?
I—Godfrey asks me so many questions about
the countries he remembers, and I find it
hard to answer him. You see—”

  Tancred laughed.

  “I know. I think I alone among us knows
the truth. It has been 'a very long time since
we Crusaders rode to Jerusalem, has it not?
You were wise not to answer Godfrey too
truthfully. How long in the years of our old
world has it been, William Boyce?”

  Boyce’s eyes met the old magician’s.

  “Six hundred years.”

  There was awe and weariness on the
bearded face. Tancred nodded.

  “So long, then? A very long time indeed.
I had not realized quite how many centuries
we must have spent in this accursed land
where time stands still." He was silent for
a moment again, then he shrugged and said.
28	STARTLING STORIES

"You must hear the story. William Boyce.
You are the first from our old world to find
your way through the fog to our gateway.

  “There have been others—a few—from
other times and lands. You must not believe
yourself the only tool they of the City have
tried to use against us! But you will learn
enough of that later by yourself. I think.

  “We of Kerak lived in Normandy when the
Day of Judgment was only a little way be-
hind us.” He laughed. “Perhaps you know
that when the year one thousand dawned
the world believed its end was near and the
eternal Trumpet ready to call us to account.
My father’s father was a boy then. He told
me the story many times.

   “We were a credulous people in those days,
ready to believe whatever men told us if
they spoke with the voice of authority. Well,
we lived past the Day of Judgment, but my
friends and I fell into a strange sort of
Judgment of our own and we linger in it
yet, and perhaps will always linger.

  “Sir Guillaume was our lord and leader.
We took the cr6ss when the Crusade was
preached through Normandy, and rode away
to free Jerusalem from the infidel. Perhaps
you know the story of our ride. We went.a
long way, for a long, long time, through
strange alien lands with every hand against
us. We suffered much. There were those of
us who died to see Jerusalem.

  "We never saw it. We lost our way. liks
so many others, and in the Valley of Hebron
we met a stranger fate, I think, than any
band of men has ever met before.

   “In the Valley a castle stood. And Guill-
aume, liking it, thought to make himself its
lord. That was the way we went through the
eastern lands in those days, taking what we
could and holding it until a stronger man
came by. So we attacked the castle. I re-
member it yet—black from foundation to
battlement with a scarlet banner flying from
its donjon-keep.” He nodded.

  “Yes. the banner we fly today from our
own donjon. A terrible banner, my friend.
We laid siege to the black castle. For many
days we camped about its walls, thinking to
starve the garrison out if we could not over-
whelm the place by force. We did not guess
who dwelt there, or what strange powers
he had.

   “One night a man came secretly to us from
the castle, offering, for money, to lead us by
a hidden way into the stronghold. We agreed.
The next day we mounted and armed our-

selves and in the earliest dimness of the day
we followed the castle traitor up into the
hills where he said the entrance of the secret
way was hidden. He led us from a distance,
carrying a crimson banner on a stall that
we might see to follow.

  "Many of our women rode with us. All
you have seen here were in that doomed
caravan. We rode and rode, through winding
ways in the hills, following the red flag in the
dawn. We rode a long, long way, for a long,
long while, wondering why the sun rose no
higher. We began to suspect magic after a
time.

  “I was a skilled magician even then, though
I had much to learn. Presently I knew there
was evil in the air, and I persuaded Guillaume
to call a halt. We sent esquires ahead to ask
of him who carried the flag where we were
going and why it took so long.

  "After a time the esquires came back,
white-faced, carrying the crimson banner.
There had been none, they said, beneath it
The flag itself had led us. flying like a great
crimson bird through the dawn. We found
no men but ourselves in all those hills, in
all that misty dimness.

  “Well, there was nothing to be done, then.
We tried to retrace our steps, but we were
lost. We were not to see our own land again,
nor the friends we had left behind. We were
never to look upon Jerusalem nor upon our
homes. We were not to see the blue skies,
and in that misty dawn the sun never rose
again.

  "We built this castle here, as you see it.
All the land around us I think—I believe—
drifts slowly past the anchor of these hills.
In those days there was a strange, swarthy
people who came through the fog and traded
with us. food for trinkets and labor for a
horse or two. We could not speak their
tongue nor they ours. Eventually they ceased
to come. I think their land drifted too far
away.

  “By then I had learned more than the
people of my own land had ever guessed at.
For this is a place of strange power, William
Boyce. For him who knows how to look, and
when, and where, much wisdom lies open
for the taking. I was able to feed and clothe
us through powers I had never dreamed of
at home. This is a world of magic.”

  “Magic?” Boyce said, his voice tinged with
disbelief.

  "To us, yes,” Tancred nodded. “Because
we know only a part of the laws that make
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	29

such things possible. If we knew all those
laws, it would be the science you speak of,
not magic. I have learned many things
here. . . I think that there are many worlds.
And each has different physical laws. What
is possible in some is impossible in others.

  “It may be that this is a central world
where others converge, so that the lores of
many such worlds are mingled here, where
there is no time, and where space itself may
move. Because we know so little of these
alien, strange sciences, we call them—sor-
cery."

BOYCE nodded. He could understand
that. Even on Earth, different physical
areas had different laws—if you didn’t know
the answer. Water boils at different temper-
atures at sea level and far above it. Rubber
is pliable under normal conditions, but at
sub-zero temperatures it is brittle, and in
Death Valley it melts. If you know the
physical laws that caused these phenomena,
you called it science.

  And if you didn’t know—it was magic!

  “You built this castle,” Boyce prompted.
“Then?”

  Tancred's shrug was eloquent.

  “After we had finished, we woke one
morning to find the crimson banner flying
at our donjon-height. There is magic in that
banner, but no magic I know how to combat.
In a way, perhaps it protects us. We have
lost three men who tried to cut it down.
Its redness may be the blood of those who
have tried in ages past.

  “We never knew whose power it was that
sent us here. The magician of the black
castle is another mystery among all the un-
answered mysteries of our lives. And for the
most part, our people have ceased to ques-
tion. There is no day or night here, though
we count the hours and call them days, and
we sleep and call it night.

  “But time itself stands still. There is no
way to explain that to you, or how it is we
can count the hours and days, and still
remain ignorant of the years. Something in
the air wipes our minds clean of memory
when we try to recognize time as once we
knew it. This is an eternal present. We
grow no older. We never die of age or
sickness.”

  Tancred sighed deeply and the stroking
hand paused upon his beard. The black eyes
were veiled.

  “There must be ways in and out of this

world,” Boyce said. “I came, for one. And
you say I am not the first. And someone,
somehow, must have come out of here into
my own world and time.”

  Tancred nodded.

  “There are ways. After we had been
here—I cannot say how long—and after
enough wisdom had come to me, I discovered
how to open the paths outside. If I had
learned that sooner, we might have been
saved. But it was too late then. Two of our
men went through despite my warnings, and
when they had passed the gateway they fell
into dust.

  “All their years came on them in the
flicker of an eye and they were in that in-
stant as they would have been had they
dwelt in their own world all the time that
had passed. So we knew then that there
was no returning for us. You, perhaps, could
go back, unless you wait too long. But I think
it would avail you little. Your problem is
here, William Boyce. And here I think you
must fight it out.”

  He slept. In his mind, something urged
him to sleep and not to listen. He was still
weary and sleep came easily. And how can
a man fight the commands that rise from the
center of his own brain?

  Voices woke him.

“Hush—du Boyce sleeps. Speak softly."
He recognized Sir Guillaume’s heavy whis-
per in reply and lay quiet, wondering if he
should let the two men know he was awake.

  Tancred, apparently still seated in the
window, was speaking.

  “Guillaume, you’re a reckless fool. You
know you must not do it.”

  “I do as I please,” Guillaume growled.
“If the plan works, we may all be saved. If
it fails, I’ll suffer for it alone.”

  “Perhaps not alone. Have you thought
you may return to us as Hugh de Mandois
returned? How do you know what they may
do to you if they catch you in the City?”
“I tell you, Tancred, I know what I'm
doing. It will not be the first trip I’ve made
into the City. I have my own friends there
now. Men who know me—or think they
do—by another name. A turncoat from
Kerak is a prize for the City spies. They'll
buy all the information I give and beg for
more. You knew my work there, Tancred.
You never said no before. Why now? Since
Hugh de Mandois, I feel more eager than
ever to make this attempt.”

  “Because of Hugh, my friend. Because I
3«	STARTLING STORIES

know now how deep their powers go. Never
before have they worked a spy into our
midst in the very likeness of ourselves. How
can we trust you, Guillaume, even if you
do come back?”

  “You have the Oracle,” Guillaume said
gruffly.

   Tancred did not speak for a moment. When
he did, his voice was soft and Boyce thought
he heard sorrow in it.

   “Yes,” he said. “Yes—we have the Oracle.”
“Very well, then. I see no cause for wait-
ing. Two attacks from the City in so short a
time must mean they plan to move upon us
with all their forces. I say, learn what we
can from them whatever the cost may be. If
I risk my neck, who's to forbid me in Kerak?
Not you nor anyone!”

   "You risk more than your life, Guillaume,”
Tancred said.

   There was no answer but a snort.

   “Very well.” Tancred’s voice was level.
“You are master here.”

   Heavy feet crossed the floor. The door
opened and closed. Lying with closed eyes,
Boyce heard Tancred sigh. He thought of
one question that he meant to ask, but it did
not seem to him that just now was the mo-
ment to ask it. He wanted to know more of
the ice-pale girl whom the Crusaders called
the Oracle, who and what she was. and why
Tancred spoke to her with gentleness and
heard her name with such sorrow in his
voice.

CHAPTER VI
The Sleeping Spell

IN KERAK CASTLE time stood still. But
space around it flowed slowly by. Now
that Boyce knew, he thought he could see
the slow, slow ebbing past his window. The
City itself, Tancred had told him, had drifted
out of some distant foggy region into their
valley. In time—no. in the passage of space,
not time—it would float on and each citadel
would forget the other.

   But now, like enemy ships passing each
other in neutral waters, they were engaged
in battle and only the destruction of one—or
both—or the widening of space between
them could make an end to the conflict.

Guillaume had gone. Boyce knew it only
because he missed the arrogant, deep-voiced

presence on his convalescent journeys about
the castle. No one would answer his ques-
tions when he inquired after his namesake.
Godfrey had vanished too. Even Tancred
had withdrawn and spent most of the waking
hours locked in his towerheight, busy with
secrets of his own. No man or woman in
Kerak. except Tancred himself, knew what
lay behind that tower door.

  “He had a pool of water there,” one of
the castle women whispered to Boyce when
he spoke casually of the room. “No one
knows how, but he uses it in his magic. And
they say he has mirrors in his room that
show a man his own thoughts.

  “Voices come out of the room when we
know only Tancred is within, and sometimes
very sweet singing, like the voices of angels.
And once a strange little beast, bright gold,
with a blue halo around it, escaped under the
door and ran down the stairs. The boy who
caught it burnt his hands on the halo.”
Boyce had no way of guessing how much
time went by before the morning of the
Silence. It was very curious how impossible
it was to measure time in this grey world.
One could make a tally of the hours and
still be helpless to reckon them up in inter-
vals of longer than a week or two. Time was
too slippery for the mind to grasp.

  But one morning—though there was
neither night nor morning in Kerak—Boyce
woke to an awareness of profound silence.
He sat up in his canopied bed and listened,
bewildered, oddly sure that it was the silence
itself that had awakened him. Silence and a—
sense of pressure in the air.

  He dressed rapidly and ran down the
twisting stairs to the great hall of the castle,
where at this hour the trestle tables should
be set up and the castle folk gathered noisily
at breakfast.

  There were men and women in the hall,
but they were not noisy. They lay silent in
attitudes like those of puppets dropped in
mid-stage when the hands of the puppet-
master failed. Some had fallen over loads of
wood brought to feed the great fire that
should now be roaring up the chimney in-
stead of smouldering in sullen ash beneath
the stone hood of the fireplace.

  Some lay with broken dishes and spilled
food beside them. The dogs stretched silent
in the rushes. Hawks in feathered hoods
clasped their perches along the wall, rigid
as hawks of stone.

  Boyce stared in bewilderment over the
LANDS OF THE

silent room. Nothing moved—and yet it
seemed to him that the air itself was in
motion. It was as if people went by him
unseen, brushing his shoulder in passing
but weightless as the air they displaced.
And there was a strange, sweet, pungent
odor in the castle—very faint, nothing he
had ever smelled before.

  “Magic,” he whispered to himself, without
any reason whatever. “The smell of magic!”
He needed no reason for that thought. It
came unbidden to his mind and he knew that
he was not mistaken.

  These people were not dead. They slept.
He went among them anxiously, shaking the
sleepers by the shoulder, calling their names.
No one stirred. He dashed cold water in the
face of a serving wench who slumbered be-
side her pitcher. She did not even sigh. It
was a magical slumber and no power, he
realized at last, but the power of him who
had cast the spell could waken these people
from the depths of enchantment in which
they lay.

  Alarm grew in him as he went through the
silent castle, finding no waking man or wom-
an or animal as he went. Only Boyce himself
moved and was awake. And that in itself
was frightening. There was a purpose so
sure and grim behind all that had been hap-
pening to him since he broke the crystal
window and heard the Huntsman laugh—no,
since before that. Since the beginning of the
year he had lost.

  In all that while, he sensed now, he had
been moving inexorably along some path
predestined for him by an unseen planner.
Nothing happened to him that did not move
him nearer whatever relentless goal the
planner meant him to reach.

  Today, he thought, he had come to a mile-

EARTHQUAKE	31

stone of that progress. Today, surely, he
alone of all the castle was awake for a pur-
pose not his own. The air whispered with
the passage of invisible people as he went
up floor by floor, searching the silent build-
ing.

  Tancred, in the topmost tower, he did not
seek until the last. He was not sure about
Tancred. In that room of magic, there must
surely have been a screen to protect the
castle’s wisest man from the onslaught of
the City.

UP AND up Boyce went through the
sleeping castle.

  “Sleeping Beauty,” he thought. “Sleeping
Beauty in the enchanted castle—a spell like
this. I wonder—it might have been just
such a castle. And there may be more
precedents than we know for the old tales.
Sleeping Beauty—”

  He paused on the stairs. Until that moment
he had not thought of the real sleeper in
this castle. Whether Kerak waked or slept
or lay under an all-embracing enchantment,
the Oracle would surely stand as she always
stood, locked in her strange sleep.

  Tancred had told him nothing of her. And
the rest of the garrison folk were too much
in awe of this marble girl to say even what
little they knew. “Ill try it, anyhow,” he
thought. “I’ll go to her and ask—”

  In the center of his brain that small, coiled,
alien censor seemed to stir to life. Weariness
that had not let him listen when Tancred
spoke of certain things. Something was not
willing for Boyce to speak with the Oracle.

  But this time he fought it. This time he
would not surrender. A deadly weariness
weighted his limbs as he climbed, but he

[Turn page]

Backache, Leg Pains May Be Danger Sign

                Of Tired Kidneys

  If backache an3 leg pains are inaking you
miserable, don’t just complain and do nothing
about them. Nature may be warning you that
your kidneys need attention.

  The kidneys are Nature’s chief way of taking
excess acids and poisonous waste out of the
blood. They help most people pass about 3
pints a day.

  If the IS miles of kidney tubes and filters
don’t work well, poisonous waste matter stays
in the blood. These poisons may start nagging
backaches, rheumatic pains, leg pain3, loss of

pep and energy, getting up nights, swelling,
puffiness under the eyes, headaches and dizzi-
ness. Frequent or scanty passages with
smarting and burning sometimes shows there
is something wrong with your kidneys or
bladder.

  Don’t wait! Ask your druggist for Doan’s
Pills, a stimulant diuretic, used successfully
by millions for over 50 years. Doan’s give
happy relief and will help the IS miles of
kidney tubes flush out poisonous westg from
the blood. Get Doaa’a Efls.	1
12	STARTLING STORIES

set his jaw and climbed grimly on.

 “You,” he thought, “whoever you are—
this time you’ve got to fight.”

  Was it that nameless, formless being who
had moved him like a pawn on the chess-
board for the forgotten year in his own
world and the uncoun table days he had spent
in this? Had that chess-player taken up a
citadel in the center of Boyce’s own brain?

 “If you have," he promised doggedly,
“from now on, you’re going to have trouble
with me.”

  Weariness was a weight like death itself
on his shoulders. His eyelids drooped. Sleep
was in the castle, brimming it from barbican
to donjonheight. He was all but drowning
in it. The stone stairs wavered before him
like stairs seen under water.

  But the weariness in itself spurred him
on. For now he knew he had guessed cor-
rectly. They had left him awake for a pur-
pose of their own when they deluged Kerak
with sleep. But if he meant to fight, then he
too must slumber while they accomplished
whatever deadly thing they planned.

 He would not sleep. The stairs were
mountains under his stumbling feet. His
brain swam with the fragments of dreams.
But grimly, step by step, his feet carried
his reeling body on. And at last, after a
time more fluid even than normal even in
this floating world, the stairs no longer rose
under him.

  Here was the hall of the Oracle. And there,
far away, hung the purple curtains netted
with silver threads. Far, far away, down
an endless corridor that dissolved before
him. . . .

  He had no memory of walking that hall.
He knew his relentless body must have
carried his spinning head forward, but he
did not know at the time what went on. He
only knew, at the last, that something soft
touched his outstretched hand, waking him
out of a troubled nightmare.

  For this moment, at least, he was his own
man again. Sharply and clearly the world
came back into focus and he was awake once
more. The castle still brimmed all around
him with sleep and the smell of magic, and
the air now and then swirled as if invisible
beings went quickly by. But Boyce, at last,
was vividly alive.

 He put out a firm hand and pulled the
curtain back.

  There was the cage of fire, alive and softly
humming with its own vitality—and within

it, the marble girl. It had not occurred to him
to wonder if he would find her here. To his
mind she was as fixed as a statue in her
niche, and he was not surprised to find that
so far as the eye could tell she had not
moved or breathed or spoken since that hour
in this same hall when the hand of the enemy
had last fallen upon Kerak.

  Now, in the presence of the enemy again,
with the hall swimming in alien magic. Boyce
stood quiet, breathing hard, and waited.

  It seemed a long while. She stood facing
him. ice-pale hands clasped before her. her
ice-white hair and ice-white robes falling in
unbroken lines to her feet. He felt a mo-
ment’s almost irresistible temptation to put
out an exploring finger and touch the robe,
the clasped hands, to learn if he could
whether she and the robe were of the same
marble, if this were a statue or an image of
half-living wax or a woman incredibly
empty of life.

  He did not quite dare. He stood watching
the closed eyes, the closed lips with their
line of pure, flawless beauty as inhuman as
the beauty of a stone image. And he saw,
almost imperceptibly, the lips part.

  “What do you ask of me?” the cold, clear,
distant voice inquired.

  And for a moment, hearing that voice he
was struck as he had not been struck before
by his utter loneliness here. It took this
voice from the chill, inhuman lips to remind
him most clearly that he was the only living,
waking human in Kerak—unless Tancred
had been spared.

  All around him the air flowed with hostile
magic. The castle was a great chalice brim-
med with sleep, a tomb for the half-dead
slumberers whose lives hung upon the caprice
of the conquering City. Only he stood here
alive and awake, and all his hopes were
pinned on this marble being which wa9
surely neither awake nor alive.

  “Tell me what to do to save Kerak,” he
said, his voice a little unsteady.

IF SHE understood, she gave no sign. He
was assuming, somehow, that she knew
what was happening around her, that the
closed eyes did not need mortal vision to tell
that closed and marble brain of Kerak’s
danger. He wondered if she cared at all.

  In the silence, watching those closed lids,
he thought the air had begun to shake a
little, to a deliberate rhythm. It was the
faintest possible pulsing through the hall,
LANDS OF THE

but his senses were strained to their highest
pitch just now and he was almost sure of
what he heard.

  Then the Oracle spoke.

  “Hear me," she said in that clear, indiffer-
ent voice. "Hear me. There is one who
comes to Kerak."

  Now he was sure. The strong rhythm beat
out its measure and the air quivered in
response. Someone was left alive then, after
all. Someone who—who marched upon
Kerak? For the rhythm was like the tramp
of heavy feet, measured, relentless coming
nearer with every succeeding beat.

  “One man comes." the Oracle told him.
“The magic comes before him. He is a man
who must die, or Kerak dies.” She paused.
Then, with chilly indifference, she said, “The
man's name is Guillaume du Bois.”

  Tancred’s door v.js studded with iron
5tars. Boyce paused before it, hand lifted to
knock, and listened to the heavy beat like
thunder in the air that echoed the footfalls
of the man who was coming to destroy
Kerak. He could still not quite believe what
the Oracle had told him.

  His own queer, spontaneous hatred for
Guillaume made him distrust his own re-
actions. The thought of killing Guillaume—
if he could—was a dangerously exhilarating
thing. But Guillaume had gone out to risk
his own life for Kerak's sake, and Guillaume
was Kerak’s lord.

  His knuckles on the star-studded door
made hollow echoes that rolled down the hall
behind him. There was no sound from be-
yond the door. He knocked again, and
waited, while the coming footfalls of—
Guillaume?—shook the air through all of
sleeping Kerak.

  Then Boyce lifted the latch of Tancred’s
door and pushed it slowly open.

  A curl of rosy smoke drifted past him as
the door swung back. It smelled of flowers.
Fanning it away from his face, Boyce looked
into the room which no eyes but Tancred’s
had ever seen since the builders left six
hundred years before? An hour, a day, a
century—time had no meaning in Kerak.

  This was a room of magic, but its magic
had not saved the man who lay here, fallen
forward across a low table with his head
resting on his arm and his white beard
streaming across the carved edge of the
table. With all of Kerak, Tancred slept.
On the painted surface before him a heap of

EARTHQUAKE	l'-

silvery ash in a black dish smouldered
slowly, giving out the flowery smoke that
floated in layers through the air. It shud-
dered rhythmically now to Ihe increasing
footfalls of him who walked toward Kerak.

  “Tancred!” Boyce said hopelessly. “Tan-
cred!’’

  To his amazement, the lolling head moved
a little. Very slowly, with infinite effort,
the big shoulders drew themselves up and
the magician rolled his head sidewise slight-
ly and groaned.

  Boyce found himself on his knees beside
the low table, shaking Tancred’s shoulder.

  “Can you hear me?” he demanded. “Tan-
cred, are you awake?”

  He was not awake. But neither was he
wholly asleep. Somehow, in the few moments
between the coming of the magic and the
conquering of Kerak, Tancred had managed
to perform some averting spell which partly
nullified the -effects of slumber. Probably,
Boyce thought, it was this smouldering ash
that filled the room with rosy layers of
cloud and the fragrance of flowers.

  “Tancred!" he repeated. “Can you hear
me?”

  This time Tancred’s eyes opened a little
and his black eyes looked out through a
film of sleep into Boyce’s face. It was as if
the mage looked at him through a curtain,
standing alive and wakeful and impatient
behind the veil which he could not lift.

  “Shall I trust the Oracle, Tancred?" Boyce
demanded urgently, shaking the black-robed
shoulder. “There’s a spell over Kerak—you
know that? The Oracle tells me I must kill
Guillaume. Does she speak the truth, Tan-
cred?"

LIGHT came briefly into the half-lidded
eyes of the mage. The bearded lips
stirred. Tancred made a mighty effort to
break the bonds which magic had forged
upon him. Boyce saw the veins stand out in
his heavy neck, and the dark face which the
suns of the Holy Land had tanned too deeply
ever to fade grew livid with strain.

  But he could not speak. The bonds of
sleep were too heavy. He gave one last
convulsive effort that lifted his head a little
way off his bended arm, and Boyce saw him
nod—once, twice. It was enough. He had
his answer.

  Then the magician’s breath ran out in a
sigh and he collapsed again in slumber upon
the table top while the futile, flower-smelling
34	STARTLING STORIES

smoke wreathed about him unnoticed.

  "Kill Guillaume,” Boyce heard himself
saying softly in the quiet room.

  The air shuddered around him. No—this
time, not the air alone. The floor shook
underfoot. There was the sound of heavy
boots on stone, and each footfall made the
whole of enchanted Kerak tremble to its
foundation.

  Suddenly Boyce felt his heart beginning
to thud in quickening beats that matched
the approaching steps; the breath was thick
in his throat and exultation filled him as the
enchanted sleep brimmed in Kerak Castle.
His hatred for Guillaume was a tangible
thing. He knew now, in a flash of under-
standing. that he had lived every hour in
Kerak toward this one moment—toward the
killing of Guillaume. For that purpose, it
seemed to him now, he had been born, and
lived to this one exultant hour.

  There was no reason behind it Dimly he
knew that it must have been foreordained to
happen so—or why was only he awake in
Kerak when the destroyer came? But he
would not think of it now. He would not try
to reason why Kerak's lord had come back
to Kerak as its destroyer. Reason was not
in him. Hatred was all that remained, and
the exhilaration of battle.

  The footsteps, like the tread of a giant
shaking the stairs they mounted, were very
near him now. The air was thunderous with
its echoes of that tread. Dimly Boyce thought
there were moving shapes about him, brush-
ing his garments as they went invisibly by.
He had no time to wonder.

  There was a sword lying across Tancred's
table, close by his limp, outflung hand. Boyce
snatched it up, stripped the sheath away,
balanced the great blade in his fist. And is
he did so. a sort of electrical shudder ran up
his arm from the hilt, and Tancred, lying
across the table behind him, stirred and
sighed. The sword moved of itself in Boyce's
grasp. It made an arch through the flower-
scented air and brought itself up into posi-
tion.

  It was a magical sword, he knew then.

  Laughter sounded in the hall, deep, wild
laughter that was not wholly Guillaume’s.
More subtlety was in the sound than Guil-
laume had ever known. Then, for the first
time since enchantment had fallen upon
Kerak, Boyce remembered Hugh de Mandois,
and how strangely changed he had come
back to the Crusaders.

          CHAPTER VII
          False Crusader

THE star-studded door flew open with a
crash that echoed and re-echoed in
Tancred’s tower-room. The rosy smoke-
layers swirled wildly. Guillaume's great
bulk filled the doorway. He was laughing
as he came, in deep, shaking gusts that Boyce
thought must ring through all of the silence
and the magic that brimmed Kerak.

  Guillaume’s huge sword, bare in his mighty
scarred fist, flashed in the dim air of the
chamber. His face was not mirthful. Though
he laughed, it was his mouth alone that
laughed. His eyes had the veiled look that
Tancred's showed. A shadow was over his
arrogant, stubborn face, and it was a terrify-
ing shadow.

  “Tancred!’’ Guillaume roared, in a voice
that should have wakened every sleeper in
the castle. “Tancred, this is the hour you
die!”

  He took one ponderous step forward—the
whole room shook to that inhuman tread—
and the great two-edged sword swung up
over the mage’s head.

  In some remote comer of his brain Boyce
knew suddenly and certainly that this was
not the true Guillaume. The enmity between
them was an enmity of the blood, a bond like
kinship which neither could have broken
by himself.

  The Guillaume who had left Kerak would
never have ignored Boyce standing here
with a sword in his hand, to roar threats at
a sleeping Tancred. No—this Guillaume was
not the same man who left the castle.

  Of its own will the blade in Boyce's grasp
swept up in a glittering arc. And it rose not
an instant too soon. Guillaume's sword was
already falling, and in another moment the
mage's head would have rolled from its
shoulders across the painted table.

  There was a clash in mid-air like the clash
of meeting thunder-bolts. Fire sprang out as
steel screamed against steel. Guillaume thun-
dered a ponderous curse in a tongue Boyce
had never heard before (the tongue they
speak in the Enchanters’ City? he wondered
wildly) and the great blade rose again,
shearing through the wreaths of colored
smoke above Tancred’s head.
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	35

   11	was a strange battle. They were iron
 men in the days of the Crusaders. The mighty
 swords they swung were so heavy a modern
 man could scarcely lift them in both hands.
 Magic alone made it possible for Boyce to
 meet the terrible, crashing blows Guillaume
 was raining upon his blade. Magic and the
 cunning of the sword which fought of its
 own enchanted will—and the fact that Guil-
 laume never once really turned his blows
 against Boyce himself.

   Guillaume—walking in magic, and with the
 shadow on his face that was not wholly the
 face of Guillaume—had come for one purpose
 only to Kerak. He had come to kill Tancred
 the Mage. All his sword-strokes were bent
 upon the sleeping Tancred. It was Boyce’s
 part to keep the steel shield of the magical
 blade between Guillaume’s and the magician.
 He did not have to fight to protect himself,
 but the fight to protect Tancred was a des-
 perate battle indeed.

  Lightning leaped through the chamber
whenever the great blades screamed across
one another. And Guillaume's footsteps
thundered impossibly upon the flagstones,
every tread shaking the whole castle. He
was more than a man—he was a sorcerer's
godling, walking in thunder and wielding
the lightning. But he fought blindly, and
he walked blindly, and it was not Guillaume
behind that arrogant, shadowed face.

  The end came suddenly. Boyce knew he
had no part in it He felt the blade he
wielded shift itself in his grip, leap as if
with abrupt triumph and dart at last in a
flickering lateral stroke that snaked in under
Guillaume’s blow and struck the Crusader
hard, edge-on, against the corded thickness
of his neck.

   It was a clean blow. It should have lifted
 Guillaume’s head clear of his shoulders. But
 it did not Sparks leaped out as if the blade
 had struck steel instead of muscle and flesh.
 There was a dazzling coruscation of jagged
 lights, and a ringing sound like a gong
 struck heavily, and Guillaume cried out in
 a strange, breathless voice, "Dteu lo vult!
 Diett—” as if that blow were what he had
 prayed for.

   Then everything shifted inexplicably, in-
 describably, before Boyce’s eyes. The cham-
 ber that yet rang with lightning and thunder
 from the battle of enchanted blades fell
 suddenly silent. Guillaume was falling.

  He fell slowly. The two-edged sword
dropped from his slackened grip and clanged

 upon the flagstones. He sank to his knees
 and very deliberately seemed to float forward
 until he lay face-down upon the floor. Boyce
 heard the great sigh he gave as he col-
 lapsed.

   It was as if deafness had suddenly been
 lifted from Boyce’s ears, then—for Kerak
 Castle awoke.

   And on the painted table. Tancred sighed
 and stirred. All through the castle beneath
 them were stirrings and startled voices as
 the slumberers awoke. The air no longer
 shuddered to every motion Guillaume made.
 He was a normal man again, with only a
 human’s powers. And looking down at him,
 Boyce was surprised—but not entirely sur-
 prised—to see that from his neck a broken
 collar hung.

   It was a collar of glass.

   Tancred rose. Boyce, turning to face him,
 saw that the magician was breathing heavdy
 as if he and not Boyce had fought that battle
 of the enchanted swords. Sweat was bright
 upon his brown forehead above the meeting
 brows, and his great chest heaved.

   “It uxis you,” Boyce said softly, holding
 out the sword.

   Tancred nodded. He was still almost too
 breathless to speak. He took the weapon
 from Boyce’s hand and drew a finger down
 the length of the blade, and Boyce saw
 something—some brightness, some strange
 aliveness—fade and go out in the wake of
 the moving finger.

   “Yes,” Tancred said. “But without you, I
 must have failed. My thanks to you, du
 Boyce." He slid the sword back into its
 scabbard and dropped it on the table. “Now
 as for him,” he said, nodding toward the
 prostrate Guillaume, “—as for him—I won-
 der.”

 HE DROPPED to one knee beside the
 fallen man, reached out a cautious
 finger to the shattered glass collar which
 had stopped that deadly final blow. He
 touched it—and there was a clear, ringing
 sound like a wineglass shattering. The collar
 leaped of its own volition and flew into a
 glittering powder, and was gone.

   Guillaume stirred and moaned.

   Gently Tancred turned the Crusader over.
 Guillaume’s head fell back and his thick
 throat worked convulsively.

 “I—it was not I. Tancred—they sent,” he
 whispered.

 “I know, Guillaume. No matter now.
36	STARTLING STORIES

You're safe.”

  Guillaume scowled and shook his head a
little, with infinite effort "No—not safe.
Godfrey—I must go back—”

  Tancred laid a ringed hand over the Cru-
sader’s mouth.

  “Hush, Guillaume. You were possessed.
You have no strength left even to tell us
what happened. Wait.”

  He rose wearily. Boyce, watching, was
aware now for the first time of the strange-
ness of this tower-room. Until this moment
he had been too preoccupied with the urgency
of what was happening to see any more than
the essentials of the place. Now he saw—the
magical things.

  There was the pool the castle woman had
whispered of. It lay in a little alcove on the
far side of the room, round, framed in
bright tiles, and a tiny tide of its own surged
slowly outward in rings from the center of
the circle. And magic hung over it Boyce
could not have said why, but he could sense
it in the air above the pool.

  Shelves lining the walls were thick with
things Boyce had no name for. He saw
books in many languages, some of them
he was sure not earthly languages. A harp
hung on one wall, its bright strings rippling
a little now and then as if invisible hands
stroked them, giving out the faintest possible
humming music, almost below the level of
hearing. And in one louvred box in a cor-
ner he thought he caught a flicker of motion
occasionally, as if some small being moved
inside.

  Tancred took a crystal goblet from a shelf.
It was empty when he touched it, but by the
time he had turned and bent to Guillaume,
the goblet was half filled with something
translucently red and pungent-smelling.

  ‘‘Drink this,” Tancred said, kneeling and
lifting Guillaume’s head. The Crusader
obeyed. He seemed too exhausted to move of
his own will or to question anything the
mage might say. It was an unnatural ex-
haustion. There was about it something al-
most like the utter emptiness of the Oracle.

  But after he had drunk, a little life came
back into his face. He lifted himself weakly
on one elbow and looked up urgently at
Tancred. His voice was scarcely more than
a whisper.

  “Godfrey—” he said. “Prisoner—in the
City. Help me, Tancred. I must go back to
him.”

  “Your strength is very little, Guillaume,"

Tancred told him. “It will not last long. Tell
us what happened while you can.”
Guillaume closed his eyes for a moment
before he spoke.

  “We went into the City as we had planned.
I met my—my acquaintances there. They
were eager to buy the secrets I offered them.
We bargained. I—knew there was one close
to the councils of the Sorcerer King. I waited
for him—too long. I never saw his face, but
his name is Jamai—he is a very evil man.”
Guillaume’s voice faded. He waited, gath-
ering his strength, and then went on in a
weaker voice.

  “There are—factions in the City. The
King—would not destroy us utterly. He
hates us, Tancred. but for some—strange
reason—he would destroy us one by one,
not all together and Kerak with us. Jamai
is his chief enchanter. He hates us too, and
he has no scruples.

  “Do you know, Tancred—there is a bond
between Kerak and the City? Some bond
that keeps the City from drifting on its way?
The lands do move. The City has its course,
like a ship. Jamai would be off on that
course. He longs to cut the bond, whatever
it may be, that holds them here.”

  Tancred nodded.

  “I think I can guess what it is.”

  “He—will destroy Kerak,” Guillaume went
on. “All this was—his doing. The King—did
not guess. I was mistaken about Jamai. I
tried to bargain—secretly. He took us both—
Godfrey and me. I must go back for him.”
Guillaume was silent for a moment, and his
eyes clouded as he looked back into the past.

  “He is hostage,” he said. “For my success
here. I must release him, Tancred. He lies
in—a strange prison. Strange—I cannot tell
you how strange."

  “How was this magic done?" Tancred
asked. “Do you know that?”

  Guillaume nodded weakly.

  “The collar," he said. “I would have sworn
it could not be—that I should wear the collar
of a master. But I wore it. And the spell—
was simple. Sleep ran out before me—as I
came. It was not I. . . I think Jamai—or his
mind—rode mine as a man rides a horse.
He saw through my eyes. Until the collar
broke—it was not I.”

  He struggled to sit up.

  “Now I must go back.” he said. “God-
frey—"

  Tancred put out a hand and pressed him
back.
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	37

   “One will go for Godfrey,” he said. “Not
you, Guillaume. But Godfrey shall be saved
if mortal man can save him. Rest assured
of that”

  Guillaume was not to be assuaged so
simply. He lay back in obedience to Tancred’s
hand, but his eyes were fiercely questioning.

   “Who?” The voice was only a breath.

   Across the Crusader's body Tancred’s eyes
met Boyce’s.

   “The answer to your problems, du Boyce,
does not lie in Kerak,” he said. “I have
known that for many days. Will you seek it
in the City?”

   Startled, Boyce glanced at Guillaume,
meeting the glare of his own eyes looking
back out of that arrogant face so much like
his.

   "You can serve yourself and us.” Tancred
went on. “If you take up the links of Guil-
laume’s plot I think you may find your way
more easily than if you go alone. For only
you can go—as Guillaume.”

BLUE mist swirled about his knees as
he walked slowly across the sandy
plains between Kerak and the Sorcerers’
City. Boyce drew the blue cloak about him
more warmly, for this air was damp and
cold. Beneath the cloak he wore tunic and
hose from the store-rooms of Kerak, and
across his chest the red Cross of the Cru-
sader blazed.

   It was the cross men wore who had set
their faces toward Jerusalem six centuries
ago. None in Kerak carried the cross upon
their backs to proclaim the pilgrimage com-
pleted, though all but Tancred still cherished
the hope of doing so. For them, time still
lingered where they had left it to step into
this cloudy oblivion in which no sun rose or
set.

   Boyce touched his face experimentally for
the hundredth time. He was not yet sure how
Tancred’s skill had managed to engrave there
the arrogance which marked Guillaume's
most sharply in contrast to his own. The
drooping moustache of the Crusader was all
that remained of the golden beard which had
grown during the days—the weeks, the
months, perhaps—of his convalescence. To
the eye, he passed as Guillaume.

   And he was going deliberately—like a fool,
he thought—into the same trap which had
sprung on Guillaume. He wondered a little
why he was risking so much for the sake of
these people who were nothing to him except

exiles from the same world. True, they had
taken him in. He owed them gratitude for
that.

  But he went into dangers now too deadly
 to have names. Remembering Hugh de
 Mandois. he shuddered. To be possessed by
 a scaled demon such as Hugh’s—to be ripped
 apart like a garment, body and bone, when
 the demon chose to stand forth. . . .

   No. he had no duty to the Crusaders that
 could force him to risk a fate like that. He
 risked it of his own will. He risked it be-
 cause of—gratitude?—kinship? He knew it
 was not true. He would have gone if Kerak
 had never stood here on its crags, if Godfrey
 and Guillaume were dust in the world of
 their birth.

  He must have gone, and he knew it—be-
 cause of a woman whose face he did not
 know, a woman who had looked briefly over
 her shoulder at him in a fragment of memory
 and smiled beneath her iron crown.

   She dwelt, he thought, in this city before
 him. Tancred had told him that much, And
 Tancred had told him of the bond which
 linked Kerak to the City.

  “You have wondered about the Oracle, du
 Boyce,” Tancred had said an hour ago, sit-
 ting in a high-backed chair in his tower
 room and turning a cup of wine in his
 jeweled fingers. “Before you go, I think you
 must hear all I know of her story. She is—”
 He hesitated, looking down into the wine.
 “She is the child of my only child,” Tancred
 said finally.

   Boyce straightened in his chair, muffling
 an involuntary sound of amazement.

   "Then she is alive!” he said. “I thought—”

   “Alive?” Tancred sighed. “I do not know.

 I have learned much about science and about
 magic since we came to this land, and I have
 seen much in my mirrors of secret things in
 the City. But about this one thing I know
 almost nothing. I know only that some
 terrible wrong has been done, and I think it
 is resolved, for good or evil, the bond will
 always hold between Kerak and the City.
 Unless one or the other is destroyed. . . .”

  He sipped his wine.

  “Drink,” he urged Boyce. “You will need
 strength for your journey. The lands be-
 tween here and the City walls are cold and
 the mist is like floating rain. Drink your
 wine and listen.

  "The City was much farther away from
here when my daughter, who had come to us
from Normandy on the Crusade rode out one
38	STARTLING STORIES

 day and lost herself in the mists. It was
 the last we saw of her for a long while."
 His face grew grim, the black brows meeting
 above the black eyes.

  “Those of tlie City took her,” he said after
a pause. “The Sorcerer King beheld her, and
because she was beautiful, he kept her in his
palace. He had many slaves. To do him full
justice, I Relieve he held her in high honor.
She was a very lovely woman. She bore one
child to him—a daughter. Then she died.

  “I have never known how. Perhaps poison.
Perhaps the bowstring, or some more mys-
terious way. Or perhaps she sickened, and
died of her illness. I never knew. I saw her
but once before her death—briefly, outside
the City walls.

  “The child lived on in her father’s palace,
and grew and became a woman. It is very
strange, that—” He shook his head, the
emeralds glittering in his ears beneath the
turban. “Time goes so differently there and
here. I think time moves and is counted in
the City.

  “I know my daughter’s daughter grew to
womanhood while here in Kerak there was
no time at all. Young pages among us now
were young pages before my grandchild’s
birth, and now she—she stands in her fiery
bower, a woman grown.”

  He poured more wine.

  “What happened in the City I do not know.
She was her father's favorite, and I think
some quarrel came up between them, and
for punishment, perhaps, he made her as
she is now.

  “I only know she came to us like a ghost,
like a marble woman, walking with closed
eyes and clasped hands, white as snow, and
as silent. Some instinct seemed to lead her
to her kinsmen when she could no longer
endure the City of her birth.

  “We took her in and tried to tend her, but
she asked only for a room in which she
could dwell quietly. We gave her the room
you have seen. And when we came in the
morning, she stood as she stands now, in that
cage of singing fire. She spoke to us from it,
with the voice of an oracle.

  “There is much power in her. With those
closed eyes she can see into men’s souls.
Wisdom is in her, but locked behind that
silence.

  “She is not always caged. There are times
when the fire dies down and vanishes, and
then she walks from the castle into the mist
and is gone awhile. I think—I cannot be sure,

but I think she meets someone down among
the plains. But always she returns to her
room and the bower of fire takes shape
around her again.

  “It is my belief that so long as she dwells
here the bond between her and her father,
the Kang of the Sorcerers' City, will anchor
them to us as a ship is anchored. And if
what Guillaume tells us is true, the King
will not have all of Kerak destroyed while
his child remains here. He would gladly kill
us all—but not his daughter.

  “That is why I think there is hope for your
mission to the City. If Jamai. who is the
King's minister, were king himself, my hopes
would be small. I can tell you no more than
this. As far as I may, I will watch you. It
may be I can help. But I think you came
here for a purpose—led by what magic I
cannot guess—and I am sure the answer to
your coining lies in the City.”

  He drained his cup again.

  “Do what you can for us there, du Boyce.
Remember you have a link with us in Kerak
too. Your likeness to Guillaume is no acci-
dent.”

jA FAINT drift of music through the
mist roused Boyce from his thoughts.
He looked up. Above him loomed the high
walls which he had first seen from that gate-
way through the solid rock when he broke
his way into this world. Lights gleamed
from the heights of the wall. He could hear
the tented roofs billow a little in the breeze
from the plains and the fog was stained with
bright colors where the glow fell upon it.

  Boyce turned and went left along the base
of the wall. There was a small gateway he
must find, marked with a circle of blue
lights. Guillaume had told him it was a pil-
grims’ gate. Guillaume said the drifting City
was for many in this unstable land a holy
city, filled with altars to gods that bore
strange names. Pilgrims from far away over
the plains sometimes came here, by twos and
threes, by caravans, sometimes alone.

  Guillaume had told Boyce the word that
would let him in.

  “Say you come to worship Nain,” he said.
“You need only that one name—Nain. Many
of the pilgrims do not know the tongue the
City speaks, so you will not need to know it
You can make yourself understood. The
people of the streets speak a patois of which
our own French tongue has become a part
in the long time we have lived in Kerak.’*
LANDS OF THE

  He hesitated, a look of bewilderment over-
spreading the exhaustion of his face, but he
did not think that idea through. It was as
welL

  Kerak and the City must have lain an-
chored together on the drifting lands for
a long time indeed, if the old French had
incorporated itself into the street patois.

  “You must ask the way to Nain’s temple,”
Guillaume went on. “One will meet you
there when you have done, as I told you.
After that—’’ He shrugged. “Dieu lo vult.”

  A gateway in the wall loomed up at Boyce’s
right. It was closed. Upon the panels a
painted face with staring yellow eyes re-
garded the fog. Boyce went on by. trying to
shake off the illusion that the eyes rolled to
watch him pass.

THE next gate was open, but the insignia
painted on the back-flung leaves was a
standing dragon, and something about the
scaled picture reminded him forcibly of that
monstrous thing which had cast aside the gar-
ment of Hugh de Mandois' body in the hall
at Kerak. He wondered what he might find
if he went in at this gateway—wondered if
it was here that Hugh had entered—and
passed quickly by.

  The third gate was closed. A ring of blue
fights glimmered on its panels. Boyce stood
before it in the rolling fog, drew a deep
breath.

  This was the gate. Under this arch he must
enter the enchanted City and find the answer
to the questions which had driven him so
long and so far.

  He slipped his hand into his belt and
touched the one thing he had brought with
him from the outer world—that small, cold
crystal which had cast its web of light upon
a wall and opened a window for his entrance.
It lay there against his side, hard, cold with
a faint chill that struck through his clothing.
It was his only link with her—nameless and
faceless—and the lost year he had sought
so long.

  Perhaps he might find his answer soon.

  He lifted his hand and knocked faintly
upon the gate. There was a long silence.
Then with a sighing of hinges the blue-lit
door swung open.

  Music drifted through it, and someone's
light laughter from far away.

  Boyce squared his shoulders and stepped
forward.

  He entered the City of Sorcerers.

EARTHQUAKE	39

           CHAPTER VIII
           The Called Bluff

        ERAK’S quarrel” Guillaume had
■m said, "is with the Sorcerer King
and the men about him. The common folk
of the city know little about us and care less.
You can go safely among them—or as safely
as anyone may go who enters for a pilgrim-
age. That is not very safe, du Boyce. Go
carefully.”

 The man who looked out of the opened
gate bore out Guillaume's warning. He was
a swarthy, small man with shifty eyes and a
bandage around his head. He gave Boyce
a look of indifferent dislike and said some-
thing in a tone of bored inquiry.

  Boyce said "Nain.”

  The gatekeeper nodded and stood back.
Boyce bent his head under the low archway
and stepped into the street within.

  It was a narrow street, walled by high,
narrow houses. Colored lanterns hung here
and there from upper windows, and the pave-
ment was wet with fog. reflecting the lamp-
light. A curious city, Boyce thought, in which
it must seem always just dusk, with the first
lamps lighted in the streets.

  This was a street of music and merrymak-
ing, to judge by the sounds that came from
the windows he passed. Most of them were
set with tiny diamond-shaped panes that
distorted the scenes within, but he caught
glimpses of confused colors and shifting
bodies and heard laughter and the smell of
wine drifted from every open door. There
was strange, wild music that sent its rhythm
echoing involuntarily through his mind.

  The people on the street were a mixed lot.
Tall, fair men in striped robes that billowed
around their long strides—short men, red-
skinned, in turbans and tight-fitting coats—
women with perfectly transparent veils
across their faces, who smiled indiscrimi-
nately upon every passerby—women the
color of polished ebony, who wore broad-
swords and swaggered as they walked in their
scarlet tunics down the middle of the street.

  Boyce, tall and fair-haired, in his blu®
cloak and scarlet-crossed tunic, had no
reason to feel conspicuous in that crowd. No
doubt there were symbols upon the garment*
of many others with meanings as esoteric as
40	STARTLING STORIES

those on his, drawn, perhaps, from the worlds
as unknown here as Earth.

  He passed a little man in grey rags, who
carried a striped paper lantern over his
shoulder on a long stick, and touched the
man’s arm, saying, “Nain?”

  The man smiled at him and nodded up the
street, indicating a turn at the next corner.
Boyce thanked him in English, grinned to
himself to hear how fantastic the familiar
tongue sounded in this dim, wet street, and
went on.

  Twice more he asked his way, once of a
grim-faced woman wearing a horned helmet
and a green velvet robe that swept the
ground, once of a man in armor whose plates
glinted like mirrors in the light of the colored
lanterns. On the third try, he found the
temple he sought.

  It was a big stone building, lightless, with-
out windows, standing in the center of a
square. The streets parted around it, flowing
noisily with colorful crowds, but the temple
of Nain maintained its austere silence even
in the midst of that rioting crowd.

  Boyce climbed the grey stone steps and
paused under the archway at their top to
look down a long room that twinkled around
its walls with row upon mounting row of
colored globes, thousands upon thousands
of them, each burning in its paper lantern
upon shelves that lined the walls. There
were others here, a throng as motley as the
street crowds, strolling and whispering
through the big empty room. If there were
ceremonies in honor of Nain, evidently they
had not yet begun.

  Boyce went straight down the room to-
ward a translucent wall at the far end.
Guillaume had said there was a magical
tree growing there. He found it was a tree
of glass, espaliered fiat against the crystal
wall. Clusters of luminous, richly colored
fruit dangled within the worshiper’s reach.

 Calmly Boyce reached up and pulled a
round blue fruit the size and shape of a pear.
It vibrated in his hand for a moment, as
alive and resilient as something of blown
glass. Then there was a tiny exploding
sound and the fruit vanished, leaving only a
drop of blue moisture in his palm.

 Someone touched his arm from behind.
He whirled a little too quickly. It was a
brown girl, barefooted, bare limbed, with
gold bands on her wrists and ankles and a
heavy gold collar locked around her throat

 She said, “Come,” in the old French,

spoken with an accent that might be the
City patois, and led him back down the room
toward a side door. They .came out upon
another street, lined with great crouching
stone beasts that shone with the moisture of
the fog.

  The beasts had lanterns around their necks
and the crowd went by under their stone
jowls in the swinging light of the lamps.
The brown girl beckoned to Boyce and then
hurried down the steps on soundless bare
feet and plunged into the throng.

 There was something wrong with this
crowd. He was not sure just what, but he
saw how the people kept glancing over their
shoulders uneasily. Their noise was a little
hysterical now. Sometimes they looked up,
into the misty sky, and presently Boyce heard
a thin, shrill keening overhead that was
louder than the noise of the crowd, and grew
louder still as he paused to listen.

  The effect upon the people was electrical.
Faces turned up, suddenly pale in the un-
certain light of the lanterns. There was a
little echoing moan that seemed to run like
a breeze over the whole crowd, a sound com-
ing in one breath from every throat there.
And then, like magic, the crowd began to
melt away.

DOORS opened all along the street to
receive them. Here and there someone
beat impatiently at closed panels, calling in
a low voice to those within. No one called
loudly. It seemed to Boyce that within a
moment after the first shrilling sounded from
overhead, there was no one left upon the
street

  The bright crowd had scurried by under
the stone images and then, in a twinkling,
the wet street was empty except for a strag-
gler or two who glanced curiously at Boyce
standing there alone and then vanished into
the nearest shelter.

  There was a patter of feet on stone. Boyce
looked down. The brown girl was motioning
impatiently to him.

  “Come,” she said urgently. “Come—hurry!
There’s no time!”

  He went uncertainly toward her over the
wet pavement. It was not fast enough to suit
his guide. She swooped down on him, seized
his arm and pulled him along at a run
toward a door behind one of the stone beasts.

  “What is it?” Boyce demanded. “I don’t
understand—”

  “They come,” the girl said. “Hurry! In
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	41

here—quick, before They reach this street!”

  The door creaked on its hinges. Within
was darkness and Boyce remembered Guill-
aume’s warning to go carefully. He held
back a little, not sure whether it would be
more dangerous to enter or to stay outside.

  Then from the street before him a little
breath of cold air blew past, fluttering his
cloak. It was a cold that seared like heat
And terror came with it—terror and such a
revulsion as he had not known since the
moment in the fog when he first came to this
land and saw from a hilltop the dark proces-
sion winding down toward the City gates.

  It was They indeed—those who walked
among a twinkle of lights and a twinkle of
tiny bells and a cloud of darkness that veiled
them mercifully from sight. They who went
upright like men, and were not men—They
whom he knew he had seen once with the
woman whose name and face he could not
remember—or forget.

  The old sickness came over him when he
thought of Them. He turned swiftly and
stumbled down three steps and fell against
the door the brown girl held for him. He was
shaking hard. He felt the cold burning down
the street as the door shut behind him, heard
the first thin tinkling of the bells. And the
high shrilling from overhead was like a ring-
ing in the ears, maddening, impossible to
shake away.

  The door shut out most of the noise. It was
dark now, but a firm hand took his elbow and
he hurried down an unseen hall beside the
pattering steps of his guide.

  What kind of a woman is it I'm hunting?
he wondered, when all I know about her is
that she once went familiarly with Them?

“The King summoned Them again,” the
girl in the dark beside him volunteered,

speaking in her strangely accented patois.
“There must be strange things happening
among the tents tonight. A rumor is that
the lords have attacked that castle in the
mountains you can sometimes see from our
walls.”

  So there was some connection, then, Boyce
thought Perhaps at last the pattern was
beginning to click into place, and his own
part in it might come clear.

  A door opened before him upon light and
smoke and voices. The brown girl pushed
him through.

  He saw first a lamp hanging from the
center of the ceiling over a broad table. The
table was tiled into intricate patterns, and
some sort of game seemed to be in process
upon it. A circle of men bent above the
counters, their faces in shadow because of
the hanging lamp.

  One of them was laughing and sweeping
counters in. They were carved and jeweled
pieces a little like chessmen, and each one
rang with a different note when the players
touched it.

  When the door opened there was a little
hush and the men looked up.

  "The man from Nain's temple," the brown
girl said.

  “You’re late," one of the players declared.
“Have you brought what you promised?”

  “Waste no time on him,” someone else
urged in a belligerent voice. “He’s made us
wait too long already. His stories are
probably lies from the beginning. I say—
waste no time.”

  Boyce looked at them blankly. Guillaume
had not told him about this. The Crusader
had been lying on the last brink of ex-
haustion and there were obviously things he

[Turn page]

TOUt MIJ Til

N TEST?

 YOVft HAIR CAN MOB
 UKI TMII WITH NEW

WILDROOT

CREAM-OIL

*Tk« Famous
Finger Nall Tati

 /"If* P-N. the
 teet for menl'*
 Berstch your head
 —if you find dry-
 nee* or loooe dan-
 druff you need
 Wildroot Croam-
 CHL Buy ibe large
 economy sue.

•% Only s little Wild-
toot Cream-Oil can
do a big job for yot
balr. Keeps your hair I
well groomed all day
long without a trace of
that greasy, plastered
down look I Get Wild-
root Cream-OU from
your barber or toilet
goods counter.

CREAM-Oll CHARLIE
SAYS: "IT CONTAINS

LANOLIN!*’

9 And TUNE INi
J 2 NITWORK
SHOWS I "Th«
Ad»ent ur«$ of
Sam Jpo<J."SuB.
• vanln gt, CBS
Network, "King
Cole Trio Tlm«“
Sal. oftamoaiu,
NBC Network.
42	STARTLING STORIES

was unable to recall. This must be one of
them.

  Obviously Guillaume had been pretending
to offer secrets for sale on the castle defense
or Tancred's strength or something else that
the lords of the City would buy. Boyce felt
a surge of anger and dismay. The risks were
great enough, certainly, in his coming here
at all, without walking into a trap unarmed
and unwarned.

 There was only one course to take. He
strode forward with Guillaume’s arrogant,
rolling step and struck the table a blow that
made all the counters jump on their squares
and ring faintly together.

  “By all the gods!" he roared with Guill-
aume’s great bellow. “You’ll take what I
give and wait my pleasure on it!"

 There was an angry murmur around the
table. Chairs scraped back across the tiled
floor and one man rose and threw down the
counter he had been holding. It rolled across
the board, jingling as it went.

  “You speak with a big voice, for a traitor,"
the man said. He was young, by his tone, and
slender in an ankle-length robe of chain
steel, slit on both sides above the knee to
show red leather boots and red breeches.
He carried two long daggers in his belt, and
his plumed hat’s brim dipped broadly down
in front to shade his eyes.

  “Later we’ll brawl if you still want it
Now you’ll give us your news if we have to
tear it out of you." He glanced around the
table. “Many of us would rather take it that
way. I would myself." He laughed and laid
both hands on his dagger-hilts.

  One of the others, a short, broad man with
flaming red hair, jumped to his feet and
tossed back the purple cloak he wore to show
the long barbed whip coiled like a belt about
his thick waist.

 “Why shbuld we pay the dog anything
for his secrets?” he demanded in an un-
expectedly high voice. “I know a way to
make him howl! We'll—”

  A white-haired man in a white fur cloak
lifted his hand placatingly.

  “Friends, friends, be silent! Let the man
speak."

  “Let him lie. you mean,” the red-head said
sullenly. “The last time we met him and his
friend they promised us Kerak on a silver
tray and that was the last we saw of them.
They’ve had payment already for secrets they
never told us. It was wonderful how fast they
vanished once they got their hands on our

silver.

  “Now this one comes back alone and talk-
ing as lordly as Jamai himself. How do we
know where the other one is? Offering the
same secrets to someone else who’ll get to
Jamai before us—that's my word on it. I’m
finished. Deal with him as you will I say
—let him die.”

OYCE laughed contemptuously.

  “The least talk the loudest," he said.
“I’m back among you—isn’t that proof
enough of good faith?"

  He wondered if it was. Evidently Guill-
aume and Godfrey had dealt with these
men just before their capture by Jamai.
And the story of that capture must be secret
or he would not now be in danger for hav-
ing disappeared without reason. Desperately
he wondered what secrets Guillaume had
meant to invent for them. If he could only
have found Godfrey first,

  “Enough babble, enough!” the red-haired
man broke in. “I want my own answer!
Will you lead us by that secret way you
spoke of, dog? That I’ve paid for and I de-
mand your word on it Are you ready to take
us secretly to Kerak when our master gives
the signal?"

  Recklessly Boyce said, “Yes!"

  There was a drawn breath all around the
table. Then the white-haired man straight-
ened in his chair and smiled. His face was In
shadow, like all the rest, but Boyce could see
the triumph on it.

  “Very well,” said the man. “That is good.
We are ready—now!”

 The red-haired man laughed, seeing
Boyce’s face.

 “We tricked you there! You were not
expecting that. But we must go quickly, as
soon as the streets have cleared.” He
glanced involuntarily toward the door, and
a shadow of pure revulsion touched his
ruddy face.

  The white-robed man stood up.

  “No delay,” he said. “Or Jamai’s spies
may warn him what we plan. Now as for the
course we take—”

  Boyce was not listening. He knew he could
not go through with it Even if he were will-
ing to play the traitor, be could not for he
knew no secret ways into Kerak, if any such
existed. Also, it was no part of his vague
plan to leave the City now, just as he had
entered it. There was Godfrey to be rescued,
for one thing. And for another—he had not
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	«

yet come any nearer to the girl in the iron
crown.

  “Wait," he said harshly. The men around
the table were all on their feet now, tighten-
ing their belts, talking eagerly among them-
selves.

  They turned to him expectantly, suspicious
eyes gleaming in the shadow.

  “This is beyond my bargain," Boyce said.
“I was not paid for such a risk as this. I'll
need more money."

  “You were paid beyond your desserts the
first time," the red man began angrily.
“You—"

  “I’ll be a masterless man when Kerak
falls," Boyce told them brazenly. “I must
look out for myself then. I'll need more silver
for that.”

  Someone who had not yet spoken laughed
in the shadows.

  “He betrays his lord for money and
demands more because he’s masterless,” the
new voice said. “I like this man, friends!”
Boyce thought there had been something
familiar in the voice and in the strange tone
of the laughter. Later—if there was to be
any such time as later for him—he would
try to remember. Just now he had no time
to spare.

  “More money or I go nowhere,” he said
stubbornly.

  The red-haired man growled a curse in
some odd language that sounded as if it had
been made for curses. He took a purse from
his belt reluctantly and threw it jingling on
the table.

  “There, dog. Buy yourself a new master
with that, then.”

  “Not enough!” Boyce sneered beneath his
new moustache. “For alms like that I’d get
no better man than you!"

  The red man laid a freckled paw upon his
whip-belt He snarled in his blasphemous
language and Boyce thought for an instant
the battle would begin there and then. But
the snarl died. The man set his teeth grimly,
took out another purse and flung it beside the
first.

  “Dogs come high in this place,” he
growled. “And now—”

  It was no use. They needed him too badly.
Boyce would have to provoke them still
farther before he could escape.

  “Money or no money,” he roared suddenly,
“I’ll not lead you to Kerak, red-head! You
stay behind or the bargain’s ended. I’ve
taken a dislike to the color of your hair.”

          CHAPTER IX
          Escape by Water

IN THE amazed silence, the young man in
the chain mail laughed softly.

  “Don’t you see?” he said. “The fellow is
trying to force a quarrel. He doesn't mean
to go at all!’’

  For a moment, no one moved. Then the
white-haired man with the gentle face tossed
his cloak back over one shoulder.

  “I think—’’ he said quietly, “I think he had
better die.”

  There was a quick, concerted motion in the
room, and Boyce heard a sound he had never
heard before—a curious metallic minor note
all through the crowd. It was the whine of
swords drawn simultaneously from their
sheaths.

  The shadows were suddenly alive with the
flash of bare blades. Boyce's hand flew to
his own belt and the light sword the Cru-
saders had given him leaped into his fist.
But this was no magical blade. It was good,
sharp, beautifully balanced, but he must fight
this battle alone, without Tancred’s magic
gripping the hilt of the sword he wielded.

  The red man bellowed once, a deep sound
of pure fury, and his hand flashed toward his
belt There was a ripping sound as the
barbed whip uncoiled and arched through the
air like a serpent with fangs along its sides.

  ‘‘Now, dog—howl for your master!” His
voice was choked with rage. The whip sang
through the air and Boyce had an instant’s
vision of his own face laid open to the bone
as the lash fell.

  He leaped back, groping behind him for
the door. His hand found it just as the whip
fell. It fell so little short of his cheek that the
wind of it fanned his mustache, and he could
hear the vicious whine of the barbs along
the edges of the lash singing in his ear.

  The door was locked.

  He heard the whip strike the floor at his
feet with a metallic crash of jangled barbs.
He heard the redhead's sobbing breath of
fury, saw him step back and brace his thick
legs wide for a second try. He saw beyond
the red man the flicker of nervous blades as
the others crowded tensely forward, poised to
close in if the whip should fail again.

  He saw the young man in chain mail, a
dagger in each hand as long ss a short sword.
44	STARTLING STORIES

come lightly around the table toward him,
walking as if on air, his whole body poised as
Jithely as the whip itself.

  Then again the lash sang. With the motion
of a snake it arched backward and seemed to
hang in midair for a tense and singing
moment. The red man’s wrist curved for-
ward and so did the hanging whip.

  This time he could not avoid it. Boyce’s
back was against the door and the youngster
in chain-mail barred the only other exit.
He could feel his flesh crawl already in
anticipation of that terrible clawed lash, and
he knew there was no hope for him now.
The adventure that had begun with the first
of that lost year would end in this room with
the ripping of his flesh from his bones, and
he would never know the answers he had
sought

  In this last moment before the lash fell he
had one vivid glimpse of a scene he had
remembered only dimly before. He saw a
crowned girl standing before a window as
delicately crystalline as a snowflake’s pat-
tern. He saw her very clearly in memory
as she turned and glanced at him once across
her shoulder. He saw her eyes bright with
violet fire, and the whiteness of her smile and
the deep crimson of her lips. He saw all the
brilliance and the danger of that nearly for-
gotten face.

  And this time, in the stress of his danger,
a name rose in his mind. He did not know if
he whispered it aloud or not It couldn't mat-
ter. Nothing mattered now—not even the
fact that he could speak her name—at last.

  "Irathe!” he said it to himself in a passion
of fury and despair. “Irathe.”

  And then the whip came down.

  Laughter—familiar laughter—sounded
again from the far side of the room. And
beside him, just as he saw the lash’s tip leap-
ing straight for his eyes, feet suddenly made
a soft quick thudding on the floor.

  Something dazzling shot past his face.
Boyce braced himself for the impact of the
whip. It took him a perceptible moment to
realize that the barbed blow had not fallen.
Dizzy with bewilderment and surprise, he fell
back a pace to the right and stared, hearing
a clang from the opposite wall.

  Before him on the floor lay the severed
whip. A long dagger, bright in the lamplight
clattered across the floor and lay still. A
thrown dagger that had flashed past his eyes
to cut the whip in two.

  He turned his head and saw the young man

in mail poised beside him, the second dagger
lifted in his hand.

  “Get me that knife,” the youngster said
peremptorily to Boyce. "Quick! I'll put this
one through the first man that moves!”

  Automatically Boyce stooped and took up
the blade that had saved him. Eyes still on
the crowd, the youth reached out blindly for
the hilt. The dagger seemed to jump into
his hand, so expertly did he take it. Now
he jerked his plumed head toward the door
beyond him.

  “You first,” he said. “Quick! Outside!”

  Still too amazed to question anything,
Boyce slid past him against the wall and
reached the other door. The youth backed
after him, both throwing blades poised
menacingly. His lithe body was poised as
menacingly as the knives. Boyce thought he
was laughing, though he could not see his
face.

  He stood in the doorway a moment his
quick glance searching the room. Bare
swords quivered in the light as the furious
crowd about the table leaned toward him,
none quite daring to be first to move. Eyes
glared redly under the swinging lamp.

THE youngster laughed aloud. Then with
a quick motion he raised one booted leg
and kicked the table over at the angry faces
before him. Boyce, catching excitement from
the sound of that exultant laughter, came
suddenly to life and leaned out beside his
mailed rescucr. Long arm and long sword
reached over the armored shoulder and Boyce
slashed the chain that held the lamp.

  It crashed down over the falling table.
There was a wild jingling of musical counters
spilled from the game-board. The light
flared sharply and went out. Darkness
swallowed up the room and with it the angry
faces of the men inside.

  “Good work,” the young man laughed
across his shoulder. There was the sound of
a slamming door close beside them. Then,
“Run! This way!’’ and a hand that still held
a dagger nudged hi&_arm.

  Through pitch blackness, along an echoing
passage, the two fled. Behind them through
the closed door a confused uproar sounded.
Then Boyce saw light ahead, and realized
that they were coming out upon a broad
underground pier with black water on both
sides of it. At the same moment be heard the
door behind them burst open and the shouts
of the pursuers gain suddenly in volume,
LANDS OF THE

echoing hollowly along the corridor they had
just cleared.

 “Boat here," Boyce’s companion gasped
breathlessly. "End of the pier—hurry!”

  The sound of their racing feet was like
thunder on the hollow boards as they ran
for the end of the dock. Someone yelled
behind them, and a vicious whine sounded
past Boyce's ear. Ahead of them an arrow
struck the pier and vibrated, singing.

  The feet of the pursuers struck the, dock
now, and the dark underground place echoed
and re-echoed to the noise of heavy boots on
boards and the shouts of the angry men. A
bowstring sang again and another arrow
whined past. Boyce glanced back.

  The redhead was foremost among the pur-
suers, purple cloak streaming from his
shoulders. He brandished the stub of his
mutilated whip, a formidable weapon still
with its length of barbed lash. The rest made
a jostling mob behind him, among which
swords flickered in the light of the lamps
strung along the edges of the pier.

  Boyce heard again that annoying, familiar
laugh among the shouts. He would place it
when he had a moment to spare—he would
think once more of the crowned girl whose
name he knew again, after such a long, long
interval of forgetfulness. But later, later—
not now.

  His companion was kneeling at the end of
the pier, leaning over to untie a boat. He
glanced up as Boyce came panting to the
water-edge. “Hurry!” he said. “We’ll make
it yet! I—” And then his gaze went beyond
Boyce and he said more sharply. “Look out!
Behind you!" and leaped to his feet.

 Boyce spun. The redhead had paused a
little distance away and was swinging his
whip again. Shortened though it was, his
range was too close to miss. Boyce dropped
almost to one knee, ducking under the
vicious inward curl of the lash, heard it
whistle overhead and launched himself hard
for the redhead’s thick body.

  His shoulder struck the man in the chest,
and he heard the gasping grunt the man gave
and felt the toppling body give way beneath
his driving blow. It had all happened quick-
ly. Boyce scrambled to his feet as the red-
head rolled across the dock.

  He snatched up the sword he had dropped
in the moment of impact, seeing the red-
booted feet of his companion flash by him
as he rose. He looked up in time to see his
rescuer make a joyous sort of leap toward

EARTHQUAKE	45

the fallen man, kick him twice in the face,
and give the squirming body a last thrust of
the boot-toe that sent him splashing off into
the black water.

  Then Boyce was clambering down the short
ladder toward the boat with the first of the
others almost upon him. Over his shoulder
there was a flash of red boots and silver mail,
and the armored youngster hit the boat
before him. Boyce slashed the rope that held
it to the pier with one stroke of his sword.

  Beneath him. as the rope parted, he felt an
instant forward surge and the pier seemed to
drop away as if by magic in their wake. The
boat was very low, and not much larger than
a rowboat. It was dead black in color, so
nearly the shade of the black water that to
the observers it must seem they moved un-
supported over the surface of the waves.

  Whatever power moved it was invisible.
It might have had a motor, but if it did,
there was no sound or vibration to prove it.
Boyce thought it must be propelled by some
force of this unknown world harnessed to a
science such as Tancred had described, a
science so wholly aben that magic was as
good a word for it as any.

 Several more arrows sang past as the
boat shot smoothly away, but the shafts
dropped into the water behind them. In a
few moments even the shouts from the pier
had died, as the lights died and the boat
moved through darkness and silence.

  Limp with relief and more than a little
confused by the sudden change of attitude
which his companion had shown during the
fight. Boyce sat back in the boat and sighed
heavily.

  “All right,” he said. “What now?"

  Against the dim luminance of the water he
could see in vague outline the younger man’s
hat and head and bent shoulders. He seemed
to be guiding the boat. He laughed softly in
the dark. It was not a reassuring sound.

  “Wait and see,” he said.

          CHAPTER X
          The Wrong She

DAYLIGHT glimmered ahead, the grey
balf-daylight which was all these
drifting lands ever knew. The boat glided
under an archway and Boyce caught his
breath at sight of what rose before them. It
46	STARTLING STORIES

was a great round tower that seemed to be
all of filigree, story upon story of it, the
interstices glazed with sparkling crystal. Its
wall rose straight from the center of a moat-
like lake.

  Within Boyce could see dimly the shadows
of moving figures here and there, no more
than animate blurs upon the filigree walls.
A tower of glass, he thought. And Guillaume
had worn a collar of glass. Was there a con-
nection there, or did all the City use glass-
work in its building and its magic? He re-
membered now that he had broken through
glass to enter this curious world.

  The boat moved swiftly and smoothly over
the grey water amid clouds of mist and a low
door opened in the base of the tower as they
neared it

  "Now we are home again,” the armored
youngster said, and bent his head beneath
the arch as the boat glided in. Boyce stooped
too. They came into a water room walled
with translucent glass, and a man in a brown
tunic, a collar locked about his neck, came
down broad steps to take the boat from its
master.

  “Come,” the young man said, scrambling
out of the boat and hurrying up the stairs,
his red boots flashing beneath the heavy
mail.

  Boyce followed him only as far as the
platform around the pool. Then he took a
firmer grip on his sword, glanced around the
room for the nearest exit

  “Not yet” he said grimly. “I don't know
enough about you. Let's get all this a little
clearer before I—”

  “I think," the young man interrupted,
pausing in the doorway, “I heard you call
upon Irathe.”

  Boyce gave him a long steady look. Under
the hat-brim the man's eyes were watchful.
After a moment Boyce put the sword back
into its sheath at his side.

  "Go ahead," he said. “I'll follow.”

  He heard the other laugh to himself. Then
the man turned and led the way up a ramp
of translucent crystal that wound around the
tower just inside the filigree walls. They
were transparent from within, and Boyce
could look out over the whole city as they
climbed, seeing the narrow streets open out
beneath him, again filled with their colorful
crowds.

  Toward the center of the City a building of
black stone rose square and sheer above the
rooftops. Above Boyce on the stairs the

younger man waved a pointing arm.

  "The King,” he said.

  Boyce’s brows lifted. The brown girl who
had guided him here said it was the King
who summoned Them. They had wound in
their dark procession through these very
streets, then, toward that high, black build-
ing where someone awaited them who was
not afraid—or was even the King afraid?—
to look upon their faces. And it was City
gossip that the summoning had something to
do with the conquest of Kerak.

  There was a painted room at the head of
the ramp. Three walls of it were covered
with patterns of birds and flowers seen
against a bright sky. Boyce glanced care-
lessly at the colorful scenes, looked away-
glanced back with amazement

  “Blue sky?” he demanded, scarcely know-
ing he spoke. “Birds, flowers, blue skies?
Here in the City?"

  His host had crossed to a far comer and
was unbuckling his sword-belt. Boyce’s eyes
swept the room. The fourth wall was of
glass and framed a vast panorama of City
streets and mist and mountains beyond them,
and a distant glimpse of Kerak with a tiny
flash of crimson above the towers which was
Kerak’s enchanted flag. Heavy golden cur-
tains covered the walls here and there, and
there were broad divans and deep chairs
cushioned with velvet It was a luxurious
place.

  But he scarcely saw it. He was still en-
thralled by the presence of blue pictured
skies, when so far as he knew the City had
drifted forever on the sluggish land-tide of a
world that knew no real day.

 “What do you know about the sky?” he
demanded turning to the silent figure of his
host.

  He saw the figure stoop to lay down the
broad plumed hat His back was still to
Boyce.

  “As much as you know, William Boyce,”
the other said amazingly.

 Boyce’s breath stopped for a stunned
moment.

 “Who—who are you? How do you know
my name?”

  The young man did not yet turn. He lifted
both arms to the latches on the shoulders of
his mail robe, clicked them deliberately and
let the linked steel drop away. Beneath it
he wore breeches and a close-fitted tunic of
scarlet, above the scarlet boots. He put his
hands to his head and shook out a sudden
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	47

wreath of dark curls that fell upon the crim-
son shoulders as he turned.

  He laughed.

 “Do you remember now?”

  The room spun around Boyce. It was dark,
a roaring darkness that was only the blood
in his ears. He opened his mouth, but no
words came. He stared and stared, and could
not move or speak.

  She was not wearing the long robe he
remembered, nor the iron crown. But the
violent eyes were there, the color of hot
small flames, and the same smile he re-
membered, white and scarlet and dazzling.
And the same look of brilliance and danger
and malice.

  He said in a whisper, “l-rathe'.”

  “There," she said sohly. “I knew you'd
remember, in the end."

  She came toward him slowly, walking with
a lovely swaying gait he surely could not
have forgotten until now. When she was
very near him she lifted her arms and her
head fell back until the dark curls lay in
wreaths upon her shoulders.

HE KNEW before he touched her how
the strong, soft body would feel in
his arms. In the instant before they kissed
he knew what the kiss would be like, the
shape and the feel of her mouth beneath his.
Even the spicy fragrance she wore was
familiar. He did not yet remember fully, but
he knew he had held her thus many, many
times in the past, in his lost year.

  “And so you remember, now?”

  Boyce shifted his arm about her, the dark
curls fanning on his shoulder in a fragrant
mass. They sat together on a divan before
the window, looking out over the tremen-
dous panorama of the City and the hills
beyond.

  He paused a moment
“No. A little—not much. I'll have to know,
Irathe." He hesitated over the name. He was
not sure yet, not sure at all how much had
been solved by this meeting. He was still
uncertain about her. He knew too little.

  He was thinking of the way she had used
her throwing-knives in the gaming-room
brawl, of how her scarlet boots had kicked
an enemy twice in the face before rolling
him into the water to drown. Now she was
all softness and fragrance in his arms. But
it was not quite like this that he remembered
her. He was not sure yet what it was he did
remember—but he thought he knew what

he did not remember. It was not like that.

 “You loved me in your own world, my
darling,” she murmured against his cheek.
“You loved me enough to—to follow me here,
I think. Can you say you’ve forgotten our
year together on Earth?”

  She was mocking him. She knew he had
forgotten. She knew because it had been
her doing that he had. He closed his eyes
and struggled with his own mind, determined
to prove her wrong this time.

  Slowly, painfully, in snatches and blanks
and brief, vivid pictures, a piecemeal sort of
memory began to return.

  “There was a house,” he said carefully.
“On the river. You—it was your house.
Big, quiet No one around and a—servant?
One, two people—” He recalled suddenly
the swarthy man who had come to take the
boat in the pool-chamber below. “People
from here!” he finished in surprise.

 “Of course, why not? From my native
City.” She smiled at him derisively. “Go on.
Your memory’s better than I thought. Go on
—if you dare!"

  He paused at that. Yes, somewhere at the
other end of this memory was something
frightening—something she knew of and
dared him to recall. He would not. But he
would go on a little more. Not too far. . . .

  “I met you—somewhere,” he said, groping
for a dim picture of the two of them together
in some forgotten public place. “It was—I
don’t know. Somewhere, by accident—"

  Her laughter stopped him. Malice and
derision sounded together in it.

  “Accident, you think? Oh no, that was not
accident my darling! I searched for you a
long time—or for one like you. One of the
blood of the Crusaders.”

  He turned to stare into her violent eyes.
They mocked him.

  “But that can’t be true. I’m not” He
hesitated. Guillaume du Bois—William
Boyce. Face and name the same.

 “Why?” he demanded. She moved her
cheek catlike against his shoulder.

  “I had a task to do. I still have a task.”
For a moment he thought he heard weari-
ness and genuine feeling in her sigh. “I have
gone many times into many worlds, seeking
many men and women, trying to finish that
task. Perhaps you’ll finish it for me, my
darling. Perhaps I’ve found the right man at
last.”

  He did not answer. He was thinking clear-
ly and rapidly, watching memories tumble
48	STARTLING STORIES

through his mind like a kaleidoscope, pic-
tures that shifted as he watched into new
patterns, some of them significant, some sheer
nonsense as he recalled them.

  He had met the girl—somewhere. He knew
that now. And he must have fallen instantly,
irrationally in love. He could remember a
part of that delirium now; he could feel a
part of it still, at this moment, with this
warm, sweet-smelling girl in his arms. But
there was something wrong. It was not
quite the same girl.

  In that year there had been no question.
He had followed her because he could not
help himself. It was sheer infatuation, obses-
sion—as if a spell had been laid on him to
follow wherever she went And she went to
her big, quiet, secret house on the river in
New York. And there, with him and with her
servants, for a long, long while she had
worked at—something.

  What? He had not known, even then.
There were wide gaps in his memory. There
were blanks, induced deliberately he thought,
to keep her purpose secret. But if she had
chosen him because of his likeness to Guill-
aume, his remote kinship with Guillaume—
then her purpose must have been connected
with Kerak and the destruction of the Cru-
saders. Why? It seemed a trivial thing to
stretch over so wide a range of time and
space, to involve such infinite effort.

  In the end—careful, careful, he reminded
himself—in the end had come that thing
which was too terrible to recall—the thing
that had sealed off his memory of the whole
year, like scar-tissue to protect a wound too
deep to heal without it.

  Something about Them. . . .

A DARK procession coming up from the
river, with tiny lights twinkling and
tiny bells ringing, and a breath of cold as
searing as heat blowing before them to warn
all beholders away.

  Watching them from an upper window—
congealed with an incredulity and a revulsion
that would not accept what he saw—some-
thing about a doorway he watched, and
They parading through it toward him, walk-
ing like men, though they were not and
never could be men themselves.

  Her head had turned upon his shoulder.
She was looking up at him and smiling a
wise, malicious smile.

  "I warned you,” she said. “Even then, I
warned you. You shouldn’t have stayed that

long. So I had to do whatever I could to
make sure you’d forget.” She laughed, as
lightly as she had laughed when she kicked
the fallen red man on the pier. “You for-
got!” she said gaily.

  Suddenly Boyce knew there was some-
thing wrong here. He realized the wrong-
ness so quickly that his body moved before
he was aware that he had stirred. He found
himself on his feet facing the divan, and he
knew he had flung Irathe from his shoulder
and sprang away as if the touch of her were
loathsome.

  “It wasn’t you,” he said, his voice sound-
ing thick and strange. “I know now—it was
someone else, not you!”

  He saw her lovely, brightly tinted face
convulse as if a flame had shot up behind it,
lighting a violet glare in her eyes and draw-
ing her beautiful bright features into a
grotesque shape of evil.

  “It was. It was!” she screamed. There
were fury and passion in her voice, and a
strange, wild grief he could not understand.
But above all, there was evil, sheer, pure
evil such as he had never dreamed to see so
nakedly in a human face. No face could be
wholly human and hold so much of it.

  “No!” he shouted and saw her double sud-
denly, with a motion like a striking snake,
and snatch at something hidden inside the
loose top of her high scarlet boots.

  He should have taken warning. He should
have dodged. But she moved too fast for
him. She straightened and her red arm flew
back, and he saw something black and
blurred flying straight at his face. He saw it
come, and grow enormously and spread to
shut out all the room behind it. But he did
not see it strike, for he was no longer there
to see or feel.

  He floated in oblivion, rocking on mists
like the clouds that move over the face of
the drifting lands. . . .

  Pain in bright, regular flashes roused him
slowly. He groaned and stirred, not knowing
it was himself who moved. It hurt to breathe.
He opened his eyes and looked up blankly at
a high window framing a fantastic panorama,
twilight and a City lighted as always with
colored lanterns swinging in the breeze above
wet, narrow streets.

  He tried to get up, and could not Little
by little, awareness came back. He was
lying on the floor by the divan. His wrists
and ankles were tied tightly—with vicious
tightness—as if Irathe had drawn the bonds
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	49

with all her strength. His head ached and
he had been struck a number of times across
the face, by the stiff, stinging feel of it Also,
he thought, she must have driven her booted
toes into his ribs, to judge by the pain that
accompanied each breath.

  He wondered how long he had lain here.
There was no way of telling time—if time
existed at all inside the City. There were
things he had to do. Godfrey still lay im-
prisoned, hoping for rescue from Kerak, and
he knew there were other duties he might
remember later, when his head stopped
spinning.

  What had happened? He had angered
Irathe, of course—he was not quite sure how,
but he had touched her in a very sore spot
if the fury in her voice and her actions had
been any criterion.

  And yet—it had not been she. Lying there
on the floor, he forgot for a moment his more
urgent problems in the all-encompassing
mystery of just who that crowned girl was
whom he remembered so vividly. The name,
the face—yes. But this fiery-eyed girl with
evil like a lantern burning in her—no, it
had not been she. . . ,

  He stirred again, and said softly, to him-
self, “Irathe.”

  Instantly there was a sound in the room.
Bare feet came across the floor almost in
silence, cautiously, and a brown face bent
above his, unfamiliar from this awkward
angle on the rug

  “Master." said a gentle voice with fear in
it, “master—do you know me?”

SHE was brown and bare-limbed, and she
wore heavy golden bands on wrists and
ankles, and a golden collar about her throat.
She was the little guide who had taken him
from Nain's temple to meet Irathe and her
quarrelsome fellow-conspirators. He had not
yet had time to wonder about that strange
combination, or what Irathe had been doing
there among them, in disguise,

  “Master," the girl whispered again, her
eyes rolling above him so that the whites
showed as she watched the corners of the
room for—Irathe? Was she a servant of
Irathe herself, or was this show of terror
genuine? He could not trust anyone at all
in the City now.

  “Master, I followed all the way,” the brown
girl whispered. "I must ask a question,
master. Are you Jamai’s man?"

  Boyce’s head ached. He did not know

Jamai except as a name and a menace. He
was tired of all this intrigue of which he
knew so little and he had no strong feeling
just now for any in the City but one.

  “I’m no one's man but my own,” he said
angrily. “But if Jamai is against Irathe, I'd
like to know him. Is that what you want?”

  She smiled a white smile above him.

  “Thank you, master." The brown face dis-
appeared briefly. Then he felt hands turning
him gently, felt the coldness of a blade
against his wrists, felt the intolerable tight-
ness of his bonds fall away.

  “That will be painful, master, in a mo-
ment,” she warned, working on his ankles.
“When the pain passes, we will go.”

  He rubbed his wrists.

  “Where?”

  “If the gods are with us and we leave this
tower alive”—her eyes rolled again, fear-
fully—“we go to one who is Jamai’s deadliest
foe."

  “And Irathe’s?”

  She looked down evasively.

  “We must go quickly,” she said. “It is
better not to talk until we’re free of this
house.”

  Boyce shrugged. His limbs were begin-
ning to prickle with returning circulation,
but the pain in his side lessened as he waited,
and he was eager to go. He could deal with
Irathe later, and he would. That was a
promise to himself.

  The brown girl was holding one of the
draperies aside and beckoning to him. There
was a grille in the wall, and a steep stair-
way winding down into blackness. Limping,
Boyce followed her into the dark.

CHAPTER XI
Again the Huntsman

BEFORE a high oval door that glowed
silver in the light of her tiny lantern,
Boyce's guide paused at last, holding up her
light to show him the latch.

  “Beyond this door I dare not go," she said
frankly. “You must, if you seek Jamai’s
downfall.”

  “Who sent you?’’ Boyce demanded, keep-
ing his voice as low as hers.

  They had come a long way through wind-
ing underground corridors, surfacing only
twice to walk a short distance along alleys
50	STARTLING STORIES

or across lighted streets. The motley city life
went on unheeding around them. If Irathe
had missed him yet. her searchers were
subtle. And the conspirators she had helped
him evade might be looking for him too.

  He could not guess about that. He followed
the brown girl through devious paths be-
cause she, at least, promised him a chance of
action. Alone he knew he could not accom-
plish anything in this inscrutable City.
Allied with Jamais enemy—whoever that
might be he could at least gamble on success.

  “Who sent me?” the girl echoed now, hold-
ing up her lantern to look at him in the
dark passage. "My master will answer that
lord. You go to him now. But he is—capri-
cious. lord. You must go the rest of the way
alone, and I dare not pass this door.’’

  She swung it open and stood back.

  "My master awaits you at the end of the
corridor, lord.”

  Boyce went in cautiously. The corridor,
like the door, was silver, walls, floor and
ceiling polished to mirror-brightness. From
overhead small lamps hung, swinging a little
in the breeze from the opened door. It was
a city of lamps. Boyce thought—little lan-
terns and glass and wet streets with mist
blowing through them in a changeless twi-
light.

  The door closed. He went boldly down the
hall toward the curtains at its far end. His
own reflections Went with him, distorted in
perspective above and below. Looking up,
he saw himself grotesquely foreshortened
and floating upside down in space. Looking
down, he was a fantastic dwarf in un-
familiar garments, cross-blazoned, mus-
tached, his image repeated infinitely every-
where he glanced. He felt dizzy in his own
distorted company.

  He was not alone.

  Someone walked behind him, at his very
heels, someone’s breath fanned his cheek
when he turned. But the someone was trans-
parent as the air. He saw in the mirrors only
himself in those dizzy myriads. He went on.

  Something padded before him on soft feet
There was a clink of metal, like a blade in
a scabbard, and a muffled laugh and some-
thing rushed by him down the hall with a
thumping of feet, and a gust of displaced air
when it passed him.

  Something whistled by his face, the wind
of it cold upon his skin. It sounded like a
sword.

  He met his own startled glance, infinitely
multiplied in the mirrors, when he looked

around in alarm. Nothing more. But what-
ever the thing was, it had not touched him.
He remembered what his guide had said—
"My master is—capricious”—and smiled
grimly to himself.

  “He wanted me or he wouldn’t have gone'
to such trouble to get me here,” he reasoned.
“If this is a test of nerve—well let him play
his games, whoever he is.”

  And he walked on as calmly as he could,
ignoring the footsteps around him, the sound
of breathing, the padding of soft feet like the
feet of beasts. The curtains looked very far-
away at the end of the corridor, but he would
not let himself hurry to reach them. Confi-
dence was growing in him. He thought he
had at last begun to understand a little of
what lay behind his coming.

  The curtains parted before his touch. He
passed into a low-ceiled room whose dark
walls were hung with embroidered draperies,
beneath ceiling tented with a striped canopy
that billowed now and then as If from passing
breezes. Here, as everywhere, lamps hung
from above. There was a dais across the other
end of the room, and a low couch on it. But
the dais was empty. The room was empty.

  Boyce looked around him, half in anger.
Before he could move, laughter sounded from
behind him. along the way he had come. He
turned, knowing the laughter at last. Low,
and with a snarl in it. He had heard it often
before, most lately in that quarrelsome com-
pany of conspirators where Irathe took his
part.

  The curtains through which he had just
come opened again. For a moment no one
was there—the curtains framed an empty
hall mirroring only its own length in geo-
metric confusion of walls and floor.

  Then the curtains fell and a man in tiger-
striped garments came into the room, laugh-
ing to himself, leaning back on the leash from
which two snarling cat-creatures led him
across the floor.

  “William du Boyce.” the Huntsman said.
“Welcome to my palace. We have postponed
our meeting too long already, you and I.”

  Boyce scowled at him, saying nothing. The
Huntsman wrestled his sleek, restless beasts
past him and went leisurely toward the dais,
dropped to the divan there and smiled at
his guest.

  “You’ll forgive my little trick in the hall,"
he said. “You were in no danger, of course.”

  Boyce felt a touch of Guillaume’s arro-
gance creep into his own attitude as he faced
the Huntsman.
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	51

  “1 knew that I’ve begun to think I was in
no real danger since I left Kerak, nor will be
until you get whatever it is you want of me.
I’ve walked through too many dangers al-
ready. It can’t all have been accident.”

HE Huntsman smiled.

  “Sound reasoning. Do you know
why?”

  “Why I’ve been safe, you mean? Why
everything has worked out as you meant it
to? I think I do know. It must be that you
have bad a hand in it.”

  Under his tiger-striped hood the Hunts-
man’s pale face lost its smile for a moment.
A haunted look came into it Boyce thought
he caught just a glimpse there of the same
desperation he had seen upon Irathe’s face
when she screamed her denial to him in the
tower-room.

Next Issue: THE KINGDOM OF

  “What do they say of me in Kerak?” the
Huntsman asked unexpectedly.

  'They say you’re like the mist on the
plains—blowing wherever the wind blows.
'But—” Boyce gave him a quick glance,” I
think you know what they say in Kerak,
Huntsman.”

  The face beneath the tiger-hood grimaced.
  “You do know, then.”

  “I know I haven’t been—call it alone—
since I first saw you on the cliff when I
entered this world.”

  The Huntsman flung back his head and
laughed suddenly, his mercurial mood
changing without warning.

  “We won’t quibble about it Yes, it was I.
And I did protect you here in the City—
most of the time. There is something I want
of you, William Boyce. You can repay me
for my care by helping me—” he paused
delicately—“to destroy Kerak’s Oracle.”
Boyce met the expectant eyes coldly.

  “I owe you nothing.”

  “You owe me a great deal. You’ll do my
bidding in this—or would you like to see the
punishment of Godfrey Morel, my friend?”
The Huntsman’s voice went thin in the last
words, and the snarl sounded just beneath
the surface.

  “I came for that.”

  “You speak too coolly, William Boyce.
You think because you’ve walked safely so
far through this City, you can afford to defy

the Huntsman. Remember, it was my hand
that kept you safe. You can’t afford my
enmity. I warn you. Godfrey Morel you
shall see—and join, if you choose.” He half-
rose and the leashed beasts surged forward
against their collars, their beautiful, mad
faces wrinkled up in snarls. The Huntsman
cuffed at them with his free hand and sank
back again.

  "No, wait. There's too much you do not
know. If I show you the truth, I think you
may decide to help. You’ve been deceived
too often to take anyone on faith just now.
Irathe, for instance—she told you a little, I
think."

  “A little.” Boyce was wary. He saw a
flicker of emotion on the Huntsmans face
when he spoke Irathe's name, and he began
to think he had a clue to part of the Hunts-
man’s mystery. If Irathe brought that sick,

THE BLIND, by George 0. Smith

longing, angry look to other faces than his
own, then he and the Huntsman had one
thing at least in common.

  “You knew her in your world,” the Hunts-
man said. “You helped her in her work,
which was—important. She left with you a
certain talisman—a crystal, cold to the touch
—that opens the gateway here. You used it,
half by accident, I suspect and came through
the broken window on that cliff. I saw the
flash the magic made from my tower here,
and when I reached the cliff you were just
awakening.” He paused, a curious look
flickering across his face.

  “I meant to kill you then,” he said. And
Boyce suddenly recognized his look. Jealousy
was in it Yes, the Huntsman loved Irathe
too, and hated her and himself because of it
and Boyce, because of—because of Boyce’s
year with her on Earth.

  “I would have killed you on sight,” he
went cm gently, his voice soft. “But I was
not sure Irathe hadn’t summoned you. Until
you did not return my signal, I could not be
sure. And by then—well, my mind changes
easily, William Boyce. I indulge my fancies.

  “I let you go because a better thought had
come to me. So I drove you toward Kerak.
I knew an attack was starting on the castle
then—Jamai's efforts have redoubled of late
because he grows weary of the struggle and
longs to end it.

  “I thought to myself, ‘He will die in Kerak
52	STARTLING STORIES

if the attack succeeds. Let him die. But if it
fails, let him live and be my eyes and brain
to spy out what I can of Tancred's secrets.'
Because, you see, you wore the talisman, and
I have power over that crystal as well as
Irathe. I made it for her, long ago, when she
was—not as she is now.”

  This time a shadow crossed the Huntsman’s
face and Boyce saw the pale, strong features
draw up in a grimace almost of pain.

  ‘T think she left that amulet to summon
you by when she was ready, and I think you
came too soon. I saw you too soon. When
she learned of your presence here it was too
late, for I had entered your mind already
by power of the talisman and there was no
room for her.”

  He laughed.

  “She was wild when she learned that.
She—but you do not know the secret of
Irathe. do you, William Boyce? You do not
know why you remember her as all that was
lovely and delightful, or why she is not now
—herself. Well, you shall know. Better
still—you shall see!”

  He got up lazily, reining in the frantic
beasts, and strolled to the wall at the head
of the dais. He pulled a cord hanging among
the dark draperies, and curtains swept back
on both sides to uncover a wall of clear
mirror glass, in which only blue-gray mists
swam as if it were a window upon the plains.

  “Tancred has a mirror like this," the
Huntsman said casually. “But smaller. Now
watch."

  The mists rolled back on both sides. A
room took shape in the glass, as vividly as
if the mirror were a wall of the room, and
that wall U ansparent. The room was gigantic,
ringed with pillars that reflected themselves
in the shining black floor.

  The pillars marched up in a double line
to a great throne at the far end, black, hung
with scarlet. A man sat on the throne, light
catching in the crown he wore. He was not
young, and he was bending forward eagerly
in his robe of yellow satin, stroking a dark
beard and watching.

  Boyce closed his eyes suddenly and whirled
on his heel, his back to the mirror. He was
shaking and the sweat felt cold on his fore-
head.

  The Huntsman laughed softly.

  “Yes, I know. They are not good to look at
But watch if you can, my friend. They wear
robes, so you need not look Them in the
face. And this they do is important to my
story—and to you.”

CHAPTER XII
A Cure for Sorcery

SLOWLY, his body rigid, Boyce turned
back to the mirror. He could not look
directly at Them, but by watching the corners
of the picture and keeping his jaw set hard
and his fists clenched, he managed to control
his shaking and to see what went on in the
mirrored room.

  They were only two, tall, robed figures
hidden entirely from sight but moving with
an impossible litheness that somehow set the
teeth on edge. They were walking—gliding—
about a circle of glittering stones laid upon
the black floor before the throne. Their
robed limbs moved now and then in gestures
of ritual.

  “The Sorcerer King,” the Huntsman said
“is a man hungry for power. He loves power
and knowledge for their own sakes. He
guides this City along the drifting lands as
ships are guided in other worlds, seeking
new people and new places and new sources
of power. Also, he picks up other treasures.

  “When he was younger, he found one
treasure he prized highly—a lovely fair-
haired woman in outlandish garments, wear-
ing a cross emblazoned on her bosom. She
came from a castle built high on the cliffs of
certain mountains the City was then drifting
near. The King was pleased with her and
took her into his household

  “You know that story. She bore him a
daughter and then died. He loved the daugh-
ter. but he did her a terrible wrong. He had
not guessed how what he did would affect
himself or her, or many people he had not
then heard of. The daughter was a lovely
creature. Also she was wise and skilled in
many arts. When the King came across a
source of power and knowledge beside which
all he had discovered before seemed tame,
he shared the discovery with his daughter.

  “There was one trouble only. That source
—those who knew what he wished to share—
were so alien that eyes like ours can not bear
to look upon Them. They live in another city,
traveling these drifting lands, but very far
from here.

  “A few of their travelers chanced into our
City, and the King was enthralled by Them,
but he had no way of communicating with
Them. For one thing, not even he could bear
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	53

to look Them in the face or listen to their
voices. And yet he could not bear to give up
commerce with Them altogether.

  "They told him of one way only by which
they might communicate. A very old way.
Almost all peoples have it, and all old
legends. It means the sacrifice of a maiden.

  "She would have to submit herself to their
sore cry, and thereafter would serve as
liaison between the two peoples. The human
mind, They said, was too complex, too hy-
brid, to deal with minds like Theirs. Their
sorcery would change the mind of their
instrument, dividing it in a way to make com-
munication possible. They did not tell us,
then, what else the sorcery might do.

  “The King chose his daughter for that
sacrifice. This thing meant more to him even
than she. and she was the one alone, he
thought, whom he could trust in a position
of such power. Too, I think their kinship was
to help in the transmission of knowledge
from Them to the King.

  "It happened without my knowledge. I
Joved the King’s daughter very deeply. I
should have interfered, had I guessed. But I
came just as the ceremony was beginning,
and until it was too late I did not know—”

  He turned his back to the mirror and
struggled with his beasts, bending over
them as if he did not want to see that scene
again.

  "Look,” he said.

  They moved with intricate, hideously lithe
steps about the circle of fiery stones. There
was a veiled figure in the center of the circle
now, and the King was leaning forward, a
look of pain and eagerness on his face.

  Fire leaped from the shining circle on the
floor. It blazed to a pyramid of white light,
and when it sank again the veil had vanished
from the girl in its midst. She looked out
with blank, unseeing eyes, violet under an
iron crown. Her dark hair Jay in ringlets on
her shoulders.

  She had a lovely, soft mouth and even now,
a look of vividness and a delicate, familiar
beauty which made Boyce lean forward sud-
denly and catch his breath, forgetting even
the figures parading around the fire with
jnak e-like motions of their robed arms.

  "Irathe—” he heard himself whisper.

  TTie fire leaped again. Through it the slim,
crowned figure was faintly visible. It shim-
mered before his eyes, curiously unfocused
Inside the screen of flame. It divided, drew
apart.

  The fire sank. There were two figures in-
side the burning ring. But only for a moment.
Then Irathe swept up her skirts in one
smooth motion and stepped over the low-
burning flames. Her eyes were violet-bright,
the color of the fire. Her face was dazzling
with a beauty more burning than the old
Irathe ever knew. But danger was in the
face now, danger and a fierce, unstable joy.

BEHIND her a motionless girl stood in
the enchanted ring. Not a girl—a
marble figure, pale as stone, drained of all
life, the marble hair lying upon the marble
shoulders, the marble robes sweeping
straight to the floor. Hands clasped before
her, eyes closed, serene and empty, the
figure of Kerak s Oracle had taken shape in
the ring and remained there while Irathe
stepped lightly away from all that remained
of her old self.

  It was the same face—if it could be, when
all that meant life had been drained from it.
Boyce saw now that he might have known
those marble features in Kerak—or could he
have known them, in that inhuman repose,
without the spark which meant Irathe glow-
ing behind them? His memory had been too
imperfect then. He had not known her face
or her name, and nothing about the lifeless
Oracle's features had reminded him of her
other self.

  The Huntsman, still bending to stroke the
head of one snarling cat-creature, spoke as
if to the beast, his voice soft.

  "I had loved her before the—change. How
could I stop loving her, afterward? And
there was nothing left alive in the good half
for a man to love, so it had to be Irathe as
she is now—evil, terrible to the mind and
the eye and most so for a man like me who
can see beneath the surface. But to my
heart, she is still Irathe. and my love.”

  Suddenly he slapped the snarling beast
across the face. It twisted its head with cat-
like quickness and slashed at his wrist with
bared fangs. The Huntsman laughed and
cuffed it aside.

  "They could not destroy the marble image
which was all that remained when that half
of Irathe’s mind which was good and sinless
split from the half which was evil, knowing
too much of magical things. Irathe wanted
to destroy it The sight of it seemed to mad-
den her. She was not Irathe now and the
knowledge of her own incompleteness was
more than she could bear with that marble
54	STARTLING STORIES

thing as a reminder.

  “They were indifferent. They had what
They wanted; they would not help further.
So Irathe, thinking to get the white marble
being out of her sight and memory, drove it
into the drifting lands and hoped she might
forget it.

  “The gods alone know what thoughts
move in that still, stone mind. But some
memory of her mother's people led her to
Kerak, and they took her in. Then Irathe
sent a cage of fire to keep her imprisoned,
hoping the City would drift away and rid
her forever of that shape which had been
herself.

  “But it was not so easy. The two halves
of her were not wholly parted. A bond
between them remained, a bond so strong
that while it stretches between Kerak and
the City, the two are anchored together and
cannot drift apart. That means, of course,
that Irathe must conquer Kerak's Oracle.
She does not know the way. She has worked
a long, long while on that secret.

  “By now she is very wise—far wiser than
I. I think she knows the answer which will
mean the conquest of her other half. But
the Oracle, too, is wise. And Tancred,
Kerak’s magician, is a rival in some ways
even for Irathe. So she could not gain
an entrance into Kerak—until she found
you.”

  Boyce broke in abruptly, cutting off the
slow, reminiscent voice that seemed to be
watching the past unfold as it spoke on.

  “You’re lying,” he declared, with all of
Guillaume’s arrogance. “I knew her too."
He hesitated. He would not say, “I loved
her too." That was a matter between him
and the real, complete Irathe, if ever they
met again. But once they had met—he was
sure of that—and she had been whole.

  “I know you did.” The Huntsman gave
him one glance under the tiger-striped hood,
and hatred and envy was in the glance. But
his voice was calm. "You knew her as I did,
in one of her moments of completion. You
see, there are certain times when the cage
of flame does not prison Kerak’s Oracle.
The time is naw, Boyce."

  The dark eyes were sombre.

  “You have listened to me, William Boyce,
because I had information you needed. But
why do you suppose I troubled to make these
explanations?"

  Boyce hesitated. But before he could speak
he sensed a change in the Huntsman’s face,

bright and triumphant as lightning flickering
across a leaden autumn sky.

  And suddenly Boyce knew his mistake.
He had a flash of keen regret, the knowledge
that he had, somehow, walked blindly into
a trap—and then, for an intolerable instant
of spinning vertigo, the walls before him
tilted and slipped sidewise and dissolved
into roaring chaos.

  Tumbling mists shrouded him. Another
mind, another power, was using him as a
man’s hand wields a machine. His body, his
eyes, his thoughts, were not his own now.
Briefly he crouched in a timeless, lightless
place, the deepest citadel of his self, where
no Intruder could reach.

  The monstrous claustrophobia slackened—
was gone.

■	BE STOOD again before the laughing
MM Huntsman.

  Thick, wordless sounds spewed from his
lips as he tried to speak. The Huntsman's
eyes were ablaze with triumph.

  “Is it hard to use your tongue, Boyce?”
he mocked. "That will not last long. In a
moment the feeling will pass. When a man
has been out of his body it is not always
easy to return.”

  Boyce hunched his shoulders, feeling such
anger as he had never known before against
this sorcerer who could use him at will as a
man dons a glove and doffs it.

  He felt warmth beginning to return to his
limbs, though he had not felt their coldness
till now.

 "You—"

  “Speak! You have done me a great service,
Boyce. I owe you an honest answer, at
least"

  “What have you made me do?”

  The Huntsman sobered. And now his eyes
glittered with something very much like
madness.

  “You have done an errand for me. Not
your body—but another part of you, your
mind, your soul, perhaps. I sent that to
Kerak a moment ago. Have you forgotten
my words? This is one of the brief cyles
during which the Oracle is free of her cage
of flame."

  “What did you do?”

  “I used you to summon the Oracle here.
Free from her cage, she can go where she
wills—but the spell of emptiness holds her,
even now. She comes to the City now, be-
cause you called her, Boyce.”
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	55

OYCE spoke hoarsely

  "Why should she come to my call?”
"Should a woman not come when her
lover calls? When her husband summons?”
The Huntsman dwelt on the words, as he
would have gripped the sharp blade of a
dagger. What showed on his face was pure
jealousy.

  Lover? Husband? But it was Irathe who
had come to earth—

  “I will give you death if you like,” the
Huntsman said quietly. “It is best of all.
Better than life. Perhaps in death you may
join Kerak’s Oracle.”

  That passion-drained calm, more than the
Huntsman’s previous mockery, roused Boyce.
He thought—with a breath this sorcerer can
drive me as a wind drives a leaf. But—
“Curse your magic!” Boyce roared. The
ice had gone from his limbs. The fire of rage
melted the paralyzing chill.

  For so long had the Huntsman dueled with
the rapiers of magic that he had apparently
forgotten more primitive methods of battle.
Boyce’s fist smashed home on the man's jaw,
a solid, vicious blow that jolted his arm
dear back to the shoulder.

  He did it almost without reason, driven
only by a sudden, instinctive revolt against
the cobweb-soft, clinging bonds of enchant-
ment that had wound about him since he had
entered this alien world—«nd even before
that.

  To have the Huntsman use him, mind and
body, with that contemptuous disregard for
his own demands, was suddenly unendur-
able. And that molten, rising rage culmin-
ated in the blow that caught the Huntsman
by surprise and sent him crashing back,
stunned, against the wall.

  “Magic!” Boyce said, his voice a snarl of
hatred. “There's the cure for that!”

  But the Huntsman could not answer. He
was a crumpled, silent figure, red blood
trickling down his jaw.

  A wordless, eerie cry made Boyce turn.
He had forgotten the pack. The tiger-cats
were shifting uneasily, their bright, dappled
bodies sliding soundlessly in an intricate
pattern, backward and forward. The beauti-
ful mad faces watched him.

  He glanced quickly around the room. A
breath of wind rippled down a tapestried
hanging bright with black and gold. Boyce
took a cautious step in that direction.

  And another. Still the pack hesitated.
  Boyce reached the tapestry and slipped

beneath it. As he had guessed, there was an
opening in the wall. A metal door was ajar,
and a soft wind blew on his sweating face.

  Mournfully, with inhuman sweetness, from
the room he had left rose a wailing scream
from a beast’s throat It was echoed and
reechoed.

  Boyce put his shoulder to the door and
slammed it shut. There was no bolt only
a latch that could be lifted from either side.
If the Huntsman recovered—

  Boyce's teeth showed in an unpleasant
grin. His heavy shoulders squared
He turned to stare down the dim, blue
twilight of the tunnel.

           CHAPTER XIII
           The King Is Dead

BRIEFLY he thought that the walls were
hung with arabesque curtains. Then
he saw them more clearly. Bas-relief carv-
ings had been laid with a lavish hand on
these walls. It was a design of roots, or
branches—or, perhaps, serpents—intertwined
in a jungle tangle that the eyes could not
follow. The stone was varicolored, marked
with brighter striations, glittering with mica
and gem-chips. The passage seemed to be
walled and roofed with a twining barrier
of twisting roots.

   A faint bluish light filtered through the
tiny interstices between the carvings, as
though they had been overlaid on a surface
that held a light of its own.

  Some instinct made Boyce move his hand
to his hip, but the sword was gone, taken
from him, no doubt during his captivity to
Irathe. But he did not want to think of her.

  He could not go back. And the Huntsman
might soon wake, unless the blood-scent
had roused the pack to hunger.

  Quietly Boyce moved along the passage,
Ihe twining coils on the wall and ceiling
were motionless. Yet a feeling of tingling
awareness, of the presence of some monstrous
danger, never left him for a moment. As
though he walked close beside a veil that
might at any moment be ripped aside, that
already rippled with a little wind that blew
from an unknown and very terrible place.

  Nerves—well, he had reason to feel nerv-
ous! His harsh grin broadened. To. be
plunged from his normal life into the maze
56	STARTLING STORIES

of ancient, alien sorcery and intrigue—suit-
able enough for a Norman of Guillaume's
era, who walked amid witches and warlocks
and Saracen magicians and believed in them
devoutly. But Boyce did not believe. What
a superstition-reared Crusader might ac-
cept blindly, a modern man could not.

  Perhaps, Boyce thought, he had been
accepting too much on faith. He should have
questioned more from the beginning. Yet
his mind had not been entirely his own.
He had been, for the most part, a tool in
Irathe's skilled hands, and the Huntsman’s.

  The stone carving of a beast’s head was
set amid the tangled root-carvings at his
right The stone eyes watched blindly. Into
it—through it—the glittering coils seemed to
grow.

   Still the silence deepened.

  He went on. There were more carvings
to left and right. Some were animal, others
human.

  In the end he paused for a moment before
one of the stone masks. He studied it A
root grew through the jaw, deforming the
face curiously, but it was carved from a
different material than the other gray, gran-
ite masks Boyce had seen. And, under the
coiling tendrils, he could trace the shadowy
outline of a body.

  The sculptor had even suggested the de-
tails of iris and pupil in the open eyes of the
mask. It looked like. . . It was like. . .

  The stone lips moved.

  Painfully, half-articulately, with a dry,
stone clicking that was infinitely horrible—
the head spoke.

  “Boyce,” it groaned—and the stone tongue
clicked on the name against stone teeth.
“Boyce!"

  Now Boyce knew the face, and realized
what end had come to Godfrey Morel.
Though the end had not yet quite come.

HE REACHED for the loathsomely cling-
ing root-carvings, but that inhuman
voice halted him.

  “Stay! Do not touch the walls! Do not!”

  Boyce knew that he was shivering. He
licked his dry bps.

  “Godfrey,” he said. “What—isn’t there—’’

  “Listen,” Godfrey Morel said with his
stone tongue. “Very soon I shall be—silent.
Before then. . . The clicking died.

  “What can I do?” Boyce asked hoarsely.
“Those things—"

  “I am part of them already,” Godfrey

said. “Part of it. It is a plant Hell-spawned.
A devil’s plant. Here are its roots, but
through all the City, within the walls, be-
neath the floors, the tendrils have grown
secretly. It is Jamai’s plant—his spy.”

  “Jamai?”

  “A devil-thing,” Godfrey said, his voice
strengthening. “With its aid he knows all
the City’s secrets. Within the walls its ten-
drils glow—listen—see—and when, Jamai
comes here, it answers his questions. I have
seen that happen! It must be fed sometimes
on the brains of living things, or it will re-
lapse into an ordinary plant. He made it,
long ago—with his sorceries.”

  Sorcery? It was easy to accept that ex-
planation, in this haunted blue twilight, but
since Boyce had seen the Huntsman's vul-
nerability. he was not so ready to believe.
There were tropisms in plants—hypersensi-
tivity—plants that could, in effect, see and
hear and sense vibrations. Even in Burbank’s
day the study of plant-mutations had been
understood.

  Under certain abnormal stimuli, such a
monstrous thing as this was theoretically
possible—a hypersensitive plant amenable
to directed control, that absorbed brain-
tissue and perhaps the energy of the mind
itself. A specified plant that could be con-
trolled like a machine!

  Theoretically it was possible. But that did
not lessen the horror of the monstrosity.
Boyce felt faintly sick as he stared at the
chalky, stiff face on the wall above him.

  “I am nearly a part of—this thing,” God-
frey Morel said. “I have learned—something
of what it knows. Only in a few parts of the
City does counter-magic keep this hell-thing
away. It cannot enter the King’s palace.

  “The Oracle comes here. Jamai will try
to kill her. Irathe—hates the Oracle. There
is one power in the City that . . . .” The
voice stopped. After a moment it began
again, less clearly.

  “Hard to—speak. Go to the King. I think
—he can help—hates Irathe as she—hates
him. Tell him—Jamai is bringing the Oracle
here. . . .”

  “Wait" Boyce said. “It's the Huntsman—”

  “You have just come—from Jamai."

  “No. Godfrey, you’re wrong. I’ve come
from the Huntsman.”

  “The Huntsman—is Jamal The same...

  A cry burst thickly from the mask's
gaping mouth.

  “Under the dragon mask—secret way! To
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	57

the King—quick! Quick!”

   The face was stone!

  "Godfrey,” Boyce said—and then shouted
the name. "Godfrey!”

   Stone eyes stared at him.

   Silence brimmed the blue tunnel.

  Boyce went on. The sickness was still
deep within him, but the fact that now he
had some sort of goal gave him strength.
He had learned little enough from Godfrey
Morel, but he guessed that the King of this
haunted city might be a friend. Or, at least,
an enemy of his enemies.

  Irathe and the Oracle were the same—or
had been, once. The Sorcerer King might
hate Irathe. but would he hate the Oracle?

  And the Huntsman—Jamai? Boyce tried
to understand that It seemed meaningless.
Why should the Huntsman masquerade as
Jamai, or vice versa? Why. . . .

  Huntsman or Jamai or both, if the man
recovered from Boyce’s stunning blow, he
would pursue. And with the pack. Boyce
moved faster along the blue passage.

  In the end he found the dragon mask. It
was stone. No such creature had ever existed
on Earth. It was the prototype of ancient
woodcuts Boyce had seen, though how the
artists had found their source he could not
guess. The monstrous, snarling mask loomed
above him, jutting out into the passage,
blocking it so that he had to sidle past care-
fully to avoid touching the glittering walls
with their festoons of roots.

  Knowing what he did now, Boyce was
more anxious than ever to avoid contact
with the bright unmoving tendrils that were
the hungry roots of the plant-mutation Jamai
had created.

THE dragon mask was enormous, its
lower jaw resting on the stone floor, its
scaled snout three feet above Boyce’s head.
He could have walked into that incredible,
gaping mouth. All around the mask grew
the roots. If a secret way existed here. Boyce
wondered how it could be opened without
touching the walls. Perhaps here the twin-
ing coils were harmless—but he did not
think so. When his shoulder brushed those
bas-relief festoons, his flesh shrank.

  All around the dragon-mask the tendrils
coiled. But within that yawning mouth. . . .

  He peered in. The blue glow did not pen-
etrate far. Surely, if this were the opening
to another passage, the Huntsman—Jamai—
would have discovered it before this.

   Shrinking a little, he stepped into the
 dragon’s mouth. Before him now he could
 see a curtain of the stony roots—the wall.
 Disappointment flooded him.

   As he turned to step out, the irregular
 surface beneath his feet betrayed him. He
 stumbled, caught blindly at the nearest
 object—

   He caught himself, but too late. His hand
 had touched the wall.

   It had not! There had been no feeling of
 substance against his palm. That meant—

   Gingerly he reached out again. The wall
 was visible, but intangible. His hand and
 arm melted through those stony tendrils he
 could see only dimly.

   He put out a tentative foot. There was a
 floor beyond the wall.

  He stepped through the barrier into a
soundless, lightless blackness.

   That lasted only for an instant. Almost
 immediately he was conscious of swift mo-
 tion. Wind blew against him strongly. Yet
 the movement was erratic, as though he
 stood in a car that was racing in a secret
 path through the heart of the City, bound
 for a destination he could only guess. Had
 the King built this—whatever it was—so he
 could spy on Jamai?

   The swift motion halted- Light came, pale
 and colorless. Boyce stood in a tiny, feature-
 less cubicle like a small elevator. Only for
 a moment did the white walls prison him.
 Then a gap widened before him.

  Before him was the throne-room of a
King—or a god!

   It was the room the Huntsman had shown
 him in a vision. Double pillars marched the
 length of it to the great black and scarlet
 throne at the end, where a crowned figure
 sat motionless.

   But now there was more to see than the
 Huntsman’s glass had revealed. The room
 was enormous, and in place of roof and walls
 a gigantic hemisphere, transparent as glass,
 covered it like a bubble. Below, Boyce could
 see the domes and smaller places of the
 Sorcerers’ City. Mists shielded the distances,
 but there was a brief glimpse, gone before
 he could focus on it, of Kerak, gray and
 small in the distance, on its crag.

   He had eyes only for the King, the same
 bearded figure, crowned and robed in yellow,
 that he remembered from the vision.

  Warily he walked forward between the
great columns. He could see his reflection
in the shining black floor—not bis own re-
58	STARTLING STORIES

flection, but that of Guillaume du Bois.
scowling and scarred. Guillaume himself
would have wanted a sword's hilt in his hand
at this moment and, curiously. Boyce felt
his own palm itch for the same comforting
feeling. But he was unarmed.

 The man on the throne made no move.
His eyes watched Boyce. There was no
sound but the heavy tread of Boyce’s feet.

  Closer he came, and closer. He stood be-
fore the throne.

  “Go. Go at once," the king said. His voice
held no shadow of emotion. It was utterly
cold, completely depersonalized.

 Boyce swallowed. He shook his head
stubbornly. King or no king, sorcerer or
scientist or man, he would not go until—

  “Go at once. You will be summoned when
I am ready. Go now.”

BOYCE set his jaw and took a step for-
ward. The man on the throne lifted
a hand in warning. And now Boyce was
able to see, as the wide sleeve was raised,
that across the King's knees lay a bared
sword shining with cold steely radiance.
But the King did not touch the sword.

  “If you come closer to me, you will die,”
the dispassionate voice said.

  The yellow robe was stretched taut against
the King's breast. A design was embroidered
there, a pattern of hieroglyphics Boyce
could not read. His attention was drawn
briefly to that design—and he stared, not
quite believing what he saw.

  Then he took another step forward. The
man on the throne did not move, even when
Boyce laid his. palm on the satin robe.

 There was no heart-beat. Through the
yellow, thick fabric, the chill of cold flesh
was perceptible.

  Even then, Boyce could not believe until
he held the steel sword-blade to the King’s
lips. That mirror surface did not cloud.

  “You are the first man in this world to
learn the truth,” Irathe’s voice said. "No
one else would have dared approach the
throne.” Her laughter sounded as Boyce
turned, shifting his hand from the sword’s
blade to its hilt.

  She stood near him. her red mouth smiling,
her eyes faintly mocking. She wore a long
robe now. and the iron crown was on her
head. The black floor reflected her, and
Boyce remembered the vision the Huntsman
had shown him—a woman sundered, broken
into two women—Irathe and the Oracle—

by an unknown science.

  “Yes, the Oracle of Kerak," she said. “I
think I have won this game, even though
Jamai threw the dice first I'd never hoped
for this much—that I could bring the Oracle
here. Jamai has nearly earned my gratitude.”

  Boyce looked at her coolly. He took out
the crystalline gem and cradled it in his
palm.

  “I think this gives you power over me,
Irathe,” he said. “Suppose I smash it?”

  “If you like,” she said indifferently,
shrugging. “You can't return to your own
world without it And I have not as much
power over you as you think."

  She nodded toward the King.

  “I could destroy you now, if I wanted
But I may need you. You’ve fulfilled my
purpose. You’ve also found out that the
King, my father, is dead, and that must be
kept secret, unless—”

  “Dead?”

  “He died long ago.”

  “After you were made into two women?”

  Irathe looked at him steadily.

  “So you know that. The Huntsman, I
suppose—Jamai. Yes, it was after that that
my father died. He tried to use knowledge
that only They can use. So he died.

  “But I have certain skills of my own. The
King died, but a body can be controlled, like
a mind, by an outside source. For my pur-
poses, the King had to remain alive." She
smiled again. “Call it hypnosis. Or believe
that the body on the throne before you is a
robot. I can control it, make it act and speak
as I wish."

  “You were controlling it just now?” Boyce
said.

  “No. It automatically says and does cer-
tain things when anyone enters here. It
spoke to you, eh? Had you been a man of
the City, you would have obeyed and fled.
Even Jamai has never dared approach the
King."

  “I’ll keep the crystal, Irathe. I mean to
go back—when I can. But stay out of my
mind! You and the Huntsman.”

  Irathe moved her slim shoulders in a
gesture Boyce could not interpret.

  “Jamai? What devils move him, I won-
der, beside the devils of his own mind? I
think he is mad. When the Oracle and I
were one, he loved me. Then, afterward—he
still loved me, but it was not enough. Do
you know why?” She looked at Boyce
through her lashes, half-smiling.
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	SH

  Yes, he knew. Old legends had given him
the answer, stories of angel and demon
battling for a man’s soul. The allegory of
Jekyll and Hyde, and a hundred other such
tales.

CHAPTER XIV
Ice and Fire

FOR Irathe was evil. Not immoral—on
the contrary, she was completely free,
unshackled by any bonds of conscience or
remorse or empathy. She was as amoral as
the inhuman creatures which had created
her from a whole woman.

  Good and evil, inextricably mingled in
the human mind, each a check and balance
upon the other—necessary to each other.
And never to be separated, except by a
science utterly behind the comprehension
of man.

  But that separation had taken place. The
Oracle, no less than Irathe, was monstrous.
Psychiatry had dealt with cases of schizo-
phrenia, split personality, in which there
were two inhabitants of a single mind.
Sometimes one personality was pure as a
saint the other utterly vicious and evil.

  But here the fission was complete. The
negative and positive in the girl’s mind and
soul and body had been separated. No man.
Boyce thought could love Irathe without
going mad. For he knew now that she was
not human.

  “Yes,” he said quietly. "I know why the
Huntsman couldn't—why it isn’t enough.
When I loved you, Irathe, you weren’t like
this.”

  “No. Once each cycle, the Oracle and I
blend for a little while. We are one again.
But I still maintain my power. I am domi-
nant; I have control—with certain restric-
tions. And while we are in one body thus,
I cannot harm her without harming myself.
Afterwards, when we separate again, I am
tranced for a while. By the time I recover,
she is back in Kerak where I cannot reach
her.”

  Boyce nodded.

  “On Earth, then—”

  "We were in one body. But I have been
in many worlds. Only when we were in one
body, because I needed her. I said I could
not harm her here. The cage of fire, and

  other things, prevent me. I could not reach
her in Kerak.”

  “Do you want to kill her?”

  He thought Irathe paled a little.

  “No. She is part of me, even though we
are in separate bodies. Harm to her would
be harm to me. But I—I am not safe. Sup-
pose she and I were made one again for-
ever?”

  She held up her hand to stop Boyce.

  “No! As I am now. I want to be always!
Free to do as I want! Free to open the gate-
ways of the universe, if I wish—to rule, to
wield power, to feel no sorrow! If she and
I are one again, and I not dominant—her
foolish emotions, her shallow conscience
halting me from my will—no! 1 rule here!

   “I know a way to prison the Oracle forever,
where no one can reach her, and where she
can never harm me. Till now I could not
summon her from Kerak, except during the
cycles when I dared not move because we
were one.”

  “With you in control. I see. It wasn’t you
I knew cm Earth, then—"

  “You knew us both. In one body. I have
searched through worlds and worlds, trying
to find a key to Kerak, to the Oracle. For I
had to gain entrance there and learn some-
thing of her secrets, something of how Tan-
cred protected her and how strong he had
become.

  "As myself I could not go. Nor in the
minds of any who would help me, for the
Oracle can read men’s minds.” Her violet
eyes looked at Boyce sidelong, slyly, with
triumph in them.

  “I found a way. I found a double way.
At last the simple idea came to me that was
easiest of all—to find someone she would
love. She loved you, William Boyce. I knew
that She and I in a single body, forever
divided in our minds, but sharing the same
flesh—oh, I knew her thoughts! Something
bad touched her icy, frozen heart at last.

I lingered in your world until I was sure.
When her lover—her husband—called, I
knew she would come.”

  Irathe’s laughter was sweet and cold.

  “I lingered until I knew I had wakened
in you too the same fire. And until I was
sure your mind held the knowledge of how
to come here, and the passion to follow. But
then—then, William Boyce, all your know-
ledge had to be erased from the surface of
your memory. You see why.

“If you had gone into Kerak knowing what
60	STARTLING STORIES

you do now, the Oracle would have recog-
nized her danger and Tancred would have
done with you as he has done with many of
my envoys. So when my work was finished—
I summoned Them to my aid. I knew Their
presence was enough to drive all memory
of me and of our year together deep, deep
into the wells of the subconscious in your
mind.

  ‘‘If you are wise, you'll leave them there!
My purpose is served now. Though Jamai
tricked me and used the crystal you carry
to invade your mind before me, yet he has
done my work. The Oracle comes blindly
into my hands! Soon now, soon, the long
wait will be ended!"

  She smiled at him sweetly.

  “I want your help," she said. “I have told
you that each cycle the Oracle and 1 become
one again. In the past I have been dominant.
But she grows stronger. Some day, I think,
she may gain control—and find a way to con-
quer me. To make me subservient forever,
in the same body with her. That must not
happen. You will help me to prison her, if
I need your help. And in return—”

SHE met his eyes squarely. Boyce leaned
on the sword and waited, unsmiling.

  “Instead of an image of ice—something
better. The whole, complete Irathe you can
never know again. And that ice image—you
would die of cold," she said, and suddenly
laughed, a wild, reckless gleeful laughter
that echoed shrilly from the pillars. ‘‘With
me in your arms, William Boyce—you would
not think of ice!”

  She took another step toward him. He
still leaned on the sword, conscious of the
intense attraction he felt toward her, of the
exotic appeal of her slim, vibrant body.

  “Jamai tried that, didn’t he?” he said
softly.

  Her mouth twisted. Her beauty failed for
an instant as the mockery of a devil showed
in her eyes.

  “Yes, he tried,” she said. "He had loved
both of us, when we were in one body, before
my father worked his magic with Them. It
would have been better had I erased his
memory, as I erased yours. For Jamai
remembered me as I was, and yet he could
not help but love me. And I am—what am
I, William Boyce?"

  The sword hilt was cold against his palms.
He spoke hoarsely.

  “I don’t know. But I know you’re some-

thing that never should have existed. A
man—a woman—is supposed to be a mixture
of good and evil, if that's the way to put it
Maybe the Crusaders weren’t so supersti-
tious when they wrote about lamias—
demon-women. No man could love you,
Irathe, without going mad. If the Oracle is
ice, you are flame that destroys all it touches."

  “Then Jamai is mad," she said. “Perhaps
his mind split as my body and soul did.
Perhaps he tried to create two selves, as
They did to me. But only They have such
power. When a mind splits thus, it is mad-
ness. Sometimes Jamai is Jamai and hates
me and hates the Oracle and wishes to de-
stroy us both.

  “Sometimes he is the Huntsman, and does
not care, and would not care if this world
ended now. But he loved me before They
worked their spell, and he is bound to me—
to Irathe—by unbreakable bonds—and he
must die. I cannot trust that windvane mind
of his.”

  She put out a hand and touched the sword
Boyce held.

  “You will help me. If you can have noth-
ing else—am 1 not desirable? Look upon
this frozen love of yours—and decide.”

  Her arm swept out. Boyce’s gaze followed
the gesture.

  Down the long pillared avenue toward the
throne, the Oracle of Kerak came slowly.
Her hands were clasped before her, her eyes
were still closed, the marble hair lay smooth-
ly upon the marble shoulders. She walked
serenely, surely, toward him as if her mind
had clearer vision than her unseeing eyes.

  And now he could see that these two
women were indeed the same. Fire and ice,
good and evil—and more than that Deeper
than simple morality. It was positive and
negative, each complete—and each unearthly!

  But the good was less earthly than the
evil.

  She came straight to where Boyce stood.
She paused. And then, for the first time, he
saw the lashes flicker on her cheeks. The
white lids rose. Her eyes were blue—ice
blue, the color that lingers deep within frozen
bergs. But more than ice was here now.

  Far down, deeply buried, he thought he
saw a stirring of—life? Awareness? There
was a mind within this icy statue, prisoned
inside it as the body had been prisoned in
fire until he called her under Jamai’s com-
mand. And the mind—remembered.

  Boyce was shaken to his depths. He loved
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	61

both women when they were one. Now they
were two. In bewilderment he realized that
each woman drew him, but in such different
ways that for an instant he felt a shocking
disorientation, as though the glass walls
beyond him had drawn apart—more than
that—as though he himself was being split
into two parts.

  Black garden of evil—scented with the
poisonous perfume of flowers ablaze with
sensuous color—promising untold desire ful-
filled, a madness of ecstasy such as man had
never known—

  Goddess of shining crystal, pure and re-
mote as the stars—a distant flame behind
the cold blue eyes hinting at a love that was
far and veiled by walls of ice—

  Side by side they stood, those two who
had been one.

  And one promised more than any man
had ever known.

  You are my husband. You are my lover.
You wedded me as well as that frozen god-
dess. We will walk through worlds of
flame and color and sound, under seas of
nameless planets, beyond the gates of space
and time. Death or madness will not matter.
We will plumb the last, uttermost limits of
power and rule here like god and goddess.

  But the distant ember behind the ice in
the Oracle’s eyes promised nothing. It asked
nothing.

  It said—I love you. And that was all.

IRATHE saw Boyce’s face change. She
saw him step forward and face her,
guarding the Oracle with his own body.
Bitter mockery made the red mouth ugly.

  “You eould have helped me,” she said
poftly. “There is danger now, but since
you will not aid there is no other way. This
means your death—you fool!”

  Her gaze focused beyond Boyce. She
made a quick, intricate movement with her
hands, while her whole slim figure tensed
into a rigid statue. Then, instantly, she had
relaxed.

  "They are coming,” she said. “I have
summoned them before their time—before
the cycle has been completed. There is
danger in that”

  Boyce shifted the sword in his right hand.
Irathe laughed.

  “A sword against—Them?”

  “No,” Boyce said “Against you, Irathe.”
The blade lifted—bung poised to slash her
throat

  She faced him unafraid.

  “What of your love, then? Harm me—and
she will be harmed. Kill me, and she dies.”
Boyce lowered the sword.

  "Unless you’re lying.”

  "Try it and see. Do you dare?”

  “No,” he said. “But I can go back to my
own world, I still have that crystal. I can
take her with me.”

   “Try it.”

  He turned away. The Oracle followed
willingly enough, though her face was void
of expression. He glanced back at Irathe,
and saw something in her eyes that made
him halt.

  “Wait!” she said. “The crystal—”

   He took a long stride back toward her, the
sword raised again.

   “I’d forgotten! You were trying to control
me through it, weren’t you? But—” He
hesitated. “You couldn’t do it Is that it?
You've lost your power!”

  “Not while you live!” Irathe blazed at
him. “I am not that weak!”

  “You tried to control my mind,” he said.
“And it didn’t work. Why?”

  “There was something fighting against
me. . . I have felt that ever since you came
to the throne-room. I—listen!”

  The air shivered around them. A thin,
high keening sound rang in Boyce’s ears,
like that ringing in the head which cannot
be shaken away. Now it grew louder, clearer.
There was in it the tinkling of tiny bells.
And a faint chill like no chill he had ever
felt except when—

  “They come!” Irathe cried. “Sooner than
I thought. Oh, there’s danger here for you
both—for everyone but me!” Her laughter
was. high and triumphant and Boyce had the
fleeting thought that in its sound he heard
something of tinkling sweetness like the bells
They rang. Already she laughed with a
voice like Theirs.

   The floor shook.

  Irathe glanced at the Oracle, standing
serenely, hands clasped, icy eyes upon Boyce
with a flicker of fire behind the ice, as if
memory might be flowing slowly, softly back
into that frozen mind.

  “The bond is weaker between Kerak and
the City while she remains here,” Irathe
said abstractedly. “You feel that? A pitch-
ing like the roll of waves under the City?
These lands have been pent up a long while
as the City rode at anchor with Kerak for a
mooring.” She laughed agBin, recklessly.
62	STARTLING STORIES

“What a storm underfoot we should have if
the mooring snapped!"

  Darkness was gathering in the air of the
room. Boyce glanced up and saw through the
great glass dome above them a scurry of
motion in the City, men and women hurry-
ing to shelter in any palace or temple or
tavern that would receive them. The streets
were clearing for Them.

  “Now we shall finish!” Irathe cried. “They
come who made me into two—and who will
enchain this One of me so that she can never
again hope to control my mind.” She leaned
closer and her red lip curled up in a scornful
smile as she gazed into her own face frozen
to the color of ice and marble.

  “You thought to rule me!” she said softly.
“Oh, I knew your thoughts! Remember, we
were one when this man loved us. I could
feel your treachery moving beneath my own
mind like snakes squirming underfoot. You
thought to build up the power that could
take control from me when we are next made
one. Oh yes, I know why! It was love that
woke your envy of my strength. Love for
him. He’s mine now.

  “Listen—you hear the bells? They come,
who split us into two—and will deal at my
command with you! Prepare yourself, my
sister—my more than sister! These moments
are your last Are you ready for the en-
chantment that will make you forever the
marble thing you now only seem to be?”

         CHAPTER XV
         The Way Back

SHE swung to Boyce, her black hair
flying wide. Her face was a blaze of
triumph and joyous evil. Her eyes upon his
were a violet flame in the darkness and the
chill of the room. They sought his eyes,
fixed there—he felt an irresistible pull as if
she were drawing out his very mind through
the meeting of their gaze. Blackness darker
than the gathering gloom around them swam
through his brain. And then—

  Laughter echoed through the great hail.
They turned, even the Oracle. Boyce was
dizzy for an instant at the sudden release
of the bond between Irathe’s gaze and his.
Then he saw, down the long aisle, a motion
among the pillars. As the wild laughter rang
out again he saw the tiger-beasts of the
Huntsman sliding toward them with their

beautiful pouring motion, golden eyes lam-
bent in the dimness.

  Behind them, leaning on the leash, the
Huntsman same in his tiger-striped garments.
Blood smeared his pale face, and he was
laughing as he came—but not from mirth.
Boyce remembered Irathe’s words. Yes, it
might be madness, that wild, mirthless sound
that echoed among the pillars. But a cold
madness, that knew its own power.

  “It was you, then—in the crystal—fighting
my will!” Irathe cried furiously. “You dared,
Jamai—”

  He came on, laughing deep in his throat.
“I? Was it Jamai? Or was it the Huntsman?
I have two selves, Irathe, even as you. You
should know that! William Boyce, I owe
you thanks. Never before have I found the
secret way to the throne. Till I looked into
your mind through the crystal, I had not
known that the King was dead. I had not
even known that I was dead!”

  “Jamai!" Irathe shrilled.

  “Even you, Irathe, are vulnerable. You
are afraid. All of us are afraid of something
—death, or pain, or magic. Because you are
sane—even you, Irathe—but I have lost my
vulnerability. I had not known it before,
but I know now.

  “How can a man love good and evil—fire
and ice—and stay sane? You were wise to
make the choice you did. It meant death, but
death is better than life. I made the other
choice. I have followed Irathe through all
the hells in all the universe!”

  A shadow darkened above the crystal
globe. The white mists gathered closer over-
head, clustering about the hemisphere to
hide the City’s roofs below. Kerak, far and
small, was hidden by the pallid veils.
“Jamai!" Irathe cried again, and he smiled.
“No, Irathe,” he said, his voice dropping.
“It is the end. I love you, and I love the
Oracle. I will not see her enslaved to your
evil will. I know what evil is in you.

  "But I would not see her gain power over
you again, because then she would look at
me, and know the evil that has flowered
within me since she saw me last. Both you
and she must die, Irathe—and for all I care,
all the worlds may die with you!”

  Irathe’s mouth curved. “I have summoned
Them. You are too late—much too late.”

  The shadow was like thunderheads above
the crystal roof, darkening the great room.
Jamai roared with laughter.

  “Let Them come!” he shouted. “Let Them
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	63

day! I know the answer now—and it is
Death! Kill and be killed! I am wiser than
you all, for I am mad—and I say the answer
Is Death!”

  It was almost too dark now to see, but
Boyce could make out the sudden upward
sweep of a tiger-striped arm, and the whip
of the loosened leash. And he could see the
instantaneous forward sweep of the two
long, low, powerful bodies at the Huntsman’s
knee. His laughter seemed to madden them,
and their screaming snarl of rage echoed the
curious snarl in his own voice as they
launched themselves forward toward the
throne where the dead King sat.

  Dimly Boyce saw the beautiful, screaming
faces of the beasts, met the glow of their
luminous eyes—and sprang forward before
the Oracle, swinging his sword.

  It was too dark to see the tiger-things,
though they were almost upon him. It was
too dark to see the two girls or the throne
or the pillars, and the Huntsman’s mad
laughter rang disembodied through the
blackness. There was a singing in Boyce’s
ears, a sound of tiny bells very near. . .

  A hot-breathed snarl sounded in his face.
He heard claws click on pavement as the
beast launched itself at his throat. Of itself,
the sword swung in his hands. It met hard,
muscular resistance that held for a moment
and then seemed to fall away, left and right
over the razor-edge of the blade.

  There was a sudden, hot reek of blood in
the air, but he was scarcely aware of it
For now shadows moved through the dark,
and it seemed to Boyce that his flesh moved
with them, shudderingly, on his bones. Cold
struck into his mind and his body, numbing,
paralyzing, . . .

AN ICY wind rushed past him, swaying
the darklike curtains before it. Brief-
ly, dimly, the dark parted. He saw in one
terrible glancing flash a robed figure moving
as no human figure ever moved.

  He saw Irathe facing it, her arms flung
high, her black hair swirling wide on the
blast, her face dazzling. He saw one more
thing—a second snarling figure before him,
crouching for a leap, lips wrinkled back over
curved fangs as it glared at him out of wild,
mad eyes.

  Then the darkness closed in' again, like
dropping curtains. Through it he could hear
Irathe’s voice, high and shrill, speaking
words whose very sound was a meaningless

blasphemy to the ear. No human tongue
was ever meant to shape such sounds.

  The chant rose higher, thinner, like the
were cramped like ice around the hilt of his
ears and his brain except when the shriek
of that icy wind drowned them out.

  The cold was in his bones now. His hands
were cramped like ice around the hilt of nis
sword. Hearing that feral snarl, he swung
it up with infinite effort A lithe, beast-
smelling body thudded against him. Claws
raked his thigh, and the snarl was in his
very ear. Furiously, struggling against the
cold, he flung it off, slashing downward—
missed.

  Now the chant of Irathe’s strangely
changed voice, resonant with that insistent
bell-sound, filled all the darkness. And he
sensed even through the cold and his con-
fusion a motion among the robed, unseen
figures—a motion he knew because his flesh
told him by its shuddering shrink when
They drew near.

  With one !ast despairing effort he lifted
the sword as he heard that snarl again. This
time it struck home. The snarl was a howl.
A body thudded to the floor and was silent.
The figures were closing in around him, and
he knew that when they reached him, he
would die.

  One last thing remained. He could not
reach Irathe to silence her triumphant chant,
but the Oracle stood at his back. He could
reach her.

  He could kill her.

  She at least need never be captive again
to the black evil of her twin self. And if the
Oracle died—perhaps—Irathe too might die.
It was a forlorn and desperate thing he
meant to do, but he knew in his frozen
horror and revulsion that it was best for
them all.

  She was very near, within reach of his
arm. He touched her—for the first time.
He had wondered often before now if she
would be marble to the touch, cold, hard.
She was not cold. For an instant it bewil-
dered him, and then he knew. He was him-
self so paralyzingly cold in this unnatural
icy dark that even marble might seem warm
to him.

  And as he drew her toward him, his arm
closing about her shoulders, he felt her
giving slowly, almost reluctantly, to his pull,
her body bending as he brought her within
reach of his sword.

  He shortened his grip upon it. In the
64	STARTLING STORIES

deadly dark he laid its sharp edge against
her throat

  She did not stir. But he could hear her
quickened breathing.

  Very gently he bent his head and kissed
her for the first time and the last his con-
scious memory would ever know. And under
his lips he felt warmth and life come slowly
back into the Oracle of Kerak. Slowly,
softly out of that distant place in which she
had dwelt so long, the Oracle of Kerak re-
turned to the world of the living.

  Against his mouth her lips moved. Against
his heart her heart stirred—beat more
strongly. In his arms her body that had been
marble relaxed into flexible, living flesh.
The tie between them which Irathe herself
had brought into being was a cord that drew
her irresistibly through the gates of forget-
fulness and enchantment. She stirred,
sighed—

  The spell broke!

  She wrenched free and was gone into the
darkness. And as she moved, it seemed to
Boyce that Irathe’s voice faltered. For an
instant assurance went out of it and she
stumbled in the midst of a phrase. Suddenly
he thought he understood. They were the
two halves of a single being.

  Irathe in all her vivid aliveness had drained
from that other self the very stuff of life
itself. When living returned to the Oracle, it
could come from no other source than Irathe.
She must have felt her own power sink
within her at the abrupt upward surge of
strength in the Oracle.

  Now suddenly in the icy darkness a new
voice sounded—a clear, cool voice, very sure,
chanting that blasphemous tongue which
Irathe still spoke. Almost In chorus for a
moment the two voices chanted, one cool
and not strong, but gaining in strength, the
other rich and high, brimming with passion
—but fading a little as the new tones
sounded through the dark.

  But it was not a chorus. Strophe and
antistrophe rang through the icy hall. And
at the chant of that new. clear speech, Boyce
thought the cold began to ebb a little. He
could move again—not much, but a little.
Blindly he stumbled forward.

VOICE fought against voice. The two
who had been one woman battled in the
dark. And Boyce knew now the truth behind
that battle. For Irathe was not after all, the
one human creature who could command

Them. She was only half of that one being
who alone spoke Their tongue with human
lips. The Oracle too knew the chant, knew
They must obey it And in the dark the
Oracle chanted on, her voice gaining little
by little in volume as it strove with Irathe’s.

 Groping, Boyce touched something warm
and breathing. Even in the darkness, he
could not be mistaken who it was. He
seized her waist, and Irathe struck out at
him fiercely, pausing in her chant. The
Oracle’s voice soared instantly in the pause,
strength surging up in it.

 Boyce’s arms swept around Irathe. Her
nails ripped his cheek. He dragged her close,
prisoning her arms, one palm clamping
across her mouth. It was like holding one
of the tiger-beasts. Her knee drove up
viciously; she writhed in his arms and he
tightened his grasp until it seemed as though
her ribs must collapse under the pressure.
But she could not speak.

  The Oracle’s voice poured forth that in-
human chant, clear and strong. It was a
command—and an entreaty.

 Darkness was paling around them. Over
Irathe's twisting head. Boycc saw robed
figures moving in an intricate ritual about
the marble-white girl whose voice still
echoed through the room. He saw. and looked
away, setting his teeth against the shudders
that racked him whenever his eyes even
glancingly crossed those hidden shapes.

 But something was happening.

  In his arms Irathe suddenly froze. Some-
thing brushed past, a touch that exhaled
cold, and Boyce was for a moment weak with
horror at the touch. Then a single ringing
sound like a struck gong vibrated through
the lifting dimness.

 And from Boyce’s arms he felt Irathe—
melt . . .

 When he could see again, the room was
clear. He was not wholly aware of the great
surging lift and fall of the floor beneath
him. for one thing held his gaze like a spell
of sorcery. And there was sorcery indeed
in her violet eyes and the vividness of the
smiling face beneath her iron crown.

 liDo you know me now—my dear, oh, my
dear—do you know me now?”

 He was not sure of his own body any
more. He took one forward step as the
floor pitched beneath him, not daring to
believe the strange evidence of his own
stunned mind.

  “We are one again now," the sweet, famil-
LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE	«5

iar voice was saying. And he did remember,
from long ago and from another world. His
heart was beating suffocatingly as he crossed
the heaving floor toward her, holding out
uncertain hands.

  Her warm fingers clasped them. It was the
face he knew tilting to his now—vivid and
alive as Irathe, yes, potent for evil as Irathe
—but not evil. All the strength was there,
but under the control the Oracle had al-
ways known.

  She thrust herself between his arms and
laid the crowned head back to lift her lips
to his, smiling as she had smiled so long
ago, on Earth.

 Yes, he remembered now. This was the
real Irathe . . . !

  The pitch of the floor beneath them inter-
rupted the kiss. She drew back and looked
anxiously about them.

 “We must go,” she said. “I wish—but
unless you mean to stay here forever, we
must go quickly.”

 He followed her glance. Through the
crystal ceiling, clear now except for the
drift of mist outside, he could see the City
roofs and the mountains beyond them, with
Kerak crowning the heights. And Kerak was
slipping slowly backward. The mountains
moved—no. not the mountains, but the City.

  "The bond is broken.” the girl in his arms
said. He could not quite think of her as
Irathe, though he knew it was truly her
name now. “I’m no longer an anchor to hold
the City here and the tide is pulling us out
and away. What do you think we should
do. William Boyce?”

 He dropped one arm from her to touch
his belt where a faint chill from the crystal
Struck through his clothing. Yes, it was
Still there.

  “Go back,” he said. “Back to Earth, if we
can.”

  She nodded.

  “Yes, I hoped for that This City is no
place for me now. My place is with you—if
you want that?”

  He grinned and dropped his head to re-
assure her, but she smiled, pushing him
gently away.

  “Later, later, my darling. We—look.”

 He turned his head. Then in an awed
voice he said, "Jamai!”

  And yet it was no startling thing he saw.
Terrible, yes, and tragic, but somehow not
strange in this strange and lawless place.

  On the high throne of the Sorcerer King

the Huntsman sat. The King’s yellow-robed
body lay at his feet on the heaving floor. The
Huntsman's chin was on his chest and his
face was turned toward them as they stood
before the throne. But the Huntsman’s eyes
did not see them. His eyes were fixed upon
the bright face of madness and he saw no
other sight.

  They left him there, stumbling as they
went over the pitching floor, his dead beasts
lying about the throne and the dead King
at his feet.

THROUGH the mist they stumbled, over
ground that swelled and sank beneath
their feet like the tides of a solid sea. Great
gaps opened and closed again with a scream-
ing of rock far underground. The depths
groaned beneath them.

  “Hurry!” Boyce heard himself gasp as the
ground shook itself and rose in a moun-
tainous billow that sank as they began the
climb up its slope. “It isn’t far now—only a
little way. I remember that diff. It’s the
one I came through.”

  "I think—it’s steadier now,” Irathe panted.
“The ground—it’s rising into the foothills
here. Only the valley—flows.”

  Wreathed in mist, they climbed. And it
was true that as the rocky hillside rose
underfoot, the billowing subsided. Once
they paused and looked back. Far away,
gleaming with jeweled lights, glittering with
enchantment, they saw the warlocks’ City
drifting like a ship into the misty distances,
pitching on the land waves that surged in
long quakes around it And beyond the City,
Kerak.

  High on the crags, the great castle stood,
its scarlet banner blowing above it like a
flame. Other lands would drift through
this valley at its feet. Other cities and people
would know Tancred and Guillaume du
Bois, who was Boyce’s distant forebear and
would never know it Kerak, he thought,
would sit through an uncounted forever on
its crag while the drifting lands flowed slowly
by, carrying unknown adventures past its
gates.

  They turned and climbed again.

  “Here—no, farther. Here, I think” Boyce
searched the ledges with anxious eyes. In-
credible to think that just beyond one of
them his own world lay. He caught a glint
of something, and bent close to look.

  "Yes, this is it. See, the glass I broke
when I came through.”
66

STARTLING STORIES

  It lay on the ground In glittering frag-
ments that crackled underfoot. Boyce fum-
bled in his belt, brought out the small, cold
crystal whose chill struck into his palm as
he held it.

  “Wait,” Irathe said. “The light-” She
hesitated, then smiled suddenly at him. “I
promised myself I would work no more
sorcery. But for this one time, we have
need of sorcery, my dear. See?”

  She held up her hand, flexed the fingers
once, twice. Then between thumb and fore-
finger she seemed to hold a tiny flame.
“Quick, while it burns!”

  Boyce lifted the crystal. The fire struck
through it, fell in shining patterns on the
stone—sank into it. Slowly the window
formed that was a gateway into other worlds.

  Once more, for the last time, Boyce looked
behind him. The City was a stain on the
mist, far away, riding the quaking lands into
new harbors, its lights glittering faintly
through the fog. Grim, changeless, Kerak
looked out across this strange world where

space was fluid and time was not.

Unknown enchanted cities would always
drive past through the troubled earthquake
lands among the pale mists. He would never
know these cities.

 His mind lingered for one last, strangely
 reluctant moment upon Kerak, where men
 of his own blood dwelt.

 Then Irathe said, "Come—now!" and took
 his hand.

 The crystal loomed up before them on the
 rock, with shadows behind it.

 They felt the delicate, tinkling shatter
 of the glass. . . .

 Shadow-tapestries swayed and rippled on
 the walls. Dim jewels gleamed from the
 unreal folds. But through the rich hangings
 the bare, dusty boards began to show.

The tapestries were gone. The empty,
silent room was around them. Behind them
the wall showed no trace of the crystal
pattern.

From the distance came the sound of
auto horns, and a newsboy’s voice shouting.

"It's the Same Tragedy All Over Again—and All Because
of the Lawson Radiation!"

T^\R POLLARD regarded the patient solemnly. John Majors, the
director of the laboratory, watched the proceedings with breathless
anticipation. But the man who sat before them seemed utterly unable
to answer the questions diat were asked of him.

The physicist finally shrugged hopelessly. “This is no place for me,-'
he said. "If I can do anything—"

"You can do nothing, Majors," said Dr. Pollard. "As usual, this case
is almost complete amnesia. Memory completely shot. He'll never be brilliant again.
From I. Q. 180 down to about 70. That’s tough to take. He'll have to make new friends
for his old ones will find him dull."

John Majors shook his head in despair. ''I'm going to abandon the Lawson Radiation.
It gets us all. It’s already taken four of my top technicians. Perhaps it's because the
Lawson Radiation is no better understood now than it was thirty years ago!"

Astonishing consequences follow in the wake of a deep scientific mystery in THE
KINGDOM OF THH BLIND, the amazing complete novel by George

O,	Smith coming in our next issue. It’s a novel that will hold you spell-
bound as you follow its strange and compelling events—and at the same
time fascinate you with its world-shaking scientific implications!

The fate of the Earth depends on the Lawson Radiation in THE
KINGDOM OF THE BLIND—and there arc thrills and surprises on
every page. Look forward to a real scientifiction treat.
Columbus Was a Dope

By ROBERT A. HUMUS

Proximo Centauri, here we come—on the good ship Pegasus!

iDO like to wet down a sale," the fat
man said happily, raising his voice
above the sighing of the air-condi-
tioner. “Drink up. Professor, I'm two ahead
of you."

  He glanced up from their table as the ele-
vator door opposite them opened. A man
stepped out into the cool dark of the bar
and stood blinking, as if he had just come
from the desert glare outside.

 “Hey, Fred—Fred Nolan." the fat man
called out. “Come over!" He turned to his
guest. “Man I met on the hop from New
York. Siddown, Fred. Shake hands with
Professor Appleby, Chief Engineer of the
Starship Pegasus—or will be when she's built.
1 just sold the Professor an order of bum
steel for his crate. Have a drink on it”

  “Glad to, Mr. Barnes," Nolan agreed. “I've
met Dr. Appleby. On business—Climax In-
strument Company."

 “Huh?”

  “Climax is supplying us with precision
equipment," offered Appleby.

  Baines looked surprised, then grinned.
“That’s one on me. I took Fred for a gov-
ernment man, or one of you scientific john-

nies. What'll it be, Fred? Old-fashioned?
The same, Professor?"

  “Right But please don’t call me 'Pro-
fessor.' I'm not one and it ages me. I'm still

young.”

  "I’ll say you are, uh—Doc Pete! Two old-
fashioneds and another double Manhattan!
I guess I expected a comic book scientist
with a long white beard. But now that I've
met you, I can’t figure out one thing.”

  “Which is?”

  “Well, at your age you bury yourself in
this god-forsaken place—”

  “We couldn't build the Pegasus on Long
Island,” Appleby pointed out, “and this is
the ideal spot for the take off."

  “Yeah. sure, but that’s not it It’s—well,
mind you, I sell steel. You want special
alloys for a starship; I sell it to you. But
just the same, now that business is out of
the way, why do you want to do it? Why try
to go to Proxima Centauri, or any other
star?”

  Appleby looked amused. “It can't be ex-
plained. Why do men try to climb Mount
Everest? What took Peary to the North
Pole? Why did Columbus get the Queen to
68	STARTLING STORIES

hock her jewels? Nobody has ever been to
Proxima Centauri—so we’re going.”

  Barnes turned to Nolan. “Do you get it,
Fred?"

  Nolan shrugged. “I sell precision instru-
ments. Some people raise chrysanthemums;
some build starships. I sell instruments.”
Barnes’ friendly face looked puzzled.
“Well—” The bartender put down their
drinks. "Say, Pete, tell me something. Would
you go along on the Pegasvs expedition if
you could?”

  "Nope.”

 "Why not?”

  "I like it here.”

 Dr. Appleby nodded. “There’s your an-
swer, Barnes, in reverse. Some have the
Columbus spirit and some haven’t”

  “It’s all very well to talk about Colum-
bus,” Barnes persisted, “but he expected to
come back. You guys don’t expect to. Sixty
years—you told me it would take sixty years.
Why, you may not even live to get there.”
“No, but our children will. And our
grandchildren will come back.”

  “But— Say, you’re not married?”
“Certainly I am. Family men only on the
expedition. It’s a two-to-three generation
job. You know that” He hauled out a wal-
let “There’s Mrs. Appleby, with Diane.
Diane is three and a half.”

  “She’s a pretty baby,” Barnes said soberly
and passed it on to Nolan, who smiled at it
and handed it back to Appleby. Barnes went
on. “What happens to her?”

"She goes with us. naturally. You wouldn’t
want her put in an orphanage, would you?”
“No, but—” Barnes tossed off the rest of
his drink. “I don’t get it.” he admitted.
"Who’ll have another drink?”

  "Not for me. thanks,” Appleby declined,
finishing his more slowly and standing up.
"I’m due home. Family man. you know.” He
smiled.

BARNES did not try to stop him. He
said goodnight and watched Appleby

leave.

“My round.” said Nolan. "The same?”
"Huh? Yeah, sure.” Barnes stood up.
"Let’s get up to the bar, Fred, where we
can drink properly. I need about six.”
"Okay,” Nolan agreed, standing up.
"What’s the trouble?”

  "Trouble? Did you see that picture?”
  "Well?”

  “Well, how do you feel about it? Tm a

salesman, too, Fred. 1 sell steel. It don’t
matter what the customer wants to use it
for; I sell it to him. I’d sell a man a rope to
hang himself. But I do love kids. I can’t
stand to think of that cute little kid going
along on that—that crazy expedition!”

  “Why not? She’s better off with her par-
ents. She’ll get as used to steel decks as most
kids are to sidewalks.”

  "But look, Fred. You don't have any silly
idea they’ll make it do you?”

  “They might.”

  “Well, they won’t They don’t stand a
chance. I know. I talked it over with our
technical staff before I left the home office.
Nine chances out of ten they’ll burn up on
the take off. That's the best that can happen
to them. If they get out of the solar system,
which ain’t likely, they’ll still never make it
They’ll never reach the stars.”

  Pete put another drink down in front of
Barnes. He drained it and said:

  “Set up another one. Pete. They can’t
It’s a theoretical impossibility. They’ll freeze
—or they’ll roast—or they’ll starve. But
thevTl never get there.”

  “Maybe so.”

  “No maybe about it. They’re crazy. Hurry
up with that drink, Pete. Have one your-
self.”

  “Coming up. Don’t mind if I do, thanks.”
Pete mixed the cocktail, drew a glass of
beer, and joined them.

  "Pete, here, is a wise man,” Barnes said
confidentially. "You don’t catch him mon-
keying around with any trips to the stars.
Columbus—Pfui! Columbus was a dope. He
shoulda stood in bed.”

  The bartender shook his head. “You got
me wrong, Mr. Barnes. If it wasn’t for men
like Columbus, we wouldn’t be here today
—now, would we? I’m just not the explorer
type. But I’m a believer. I got nothing
against the Pegasus expedition.”

  “You don’t approve of them ‘taking kids
on it, do you?”

  "Well . . . there were kids on the May-
flower, so they tell me.”

  "It’s not the same thing." Bames looked
at Nolan, then back to the bartender. "If
the Lord had intended us to go to the stars,
he would have equipped us with jet propul-
sion. Fix me another drink, Pete.”

  "You’ve had about enough for a while, Mr.
Barnes.”

  The troubled fat man seemed about to
argue, thought better of it
COLUMBUS WAS A DOPE	69

  “I'm going up to the Sky Room and find
somebody that’ll dance with me," he an-
nounced. “G’night.” He swayed softly to-
ward the elevator.

  Nolan watched him leave. “Poor old
Barnes." He shrugged. "I guess you and I
are hard-hearted, Pete."

  “No. I believe in progress, that’s all. I
remember my old man wanted a law passed
about flying machines, keep 'em from break-
ing their fool necks. Claimed nobody ever
could fly, and the government should put a
stop to it. He was wrong. I’m not the ad-
venturous type myself but I’ve seen enough
people to know they’ll try anything once,
and that’s how progress is made.”

  “You don’t look old enough to remember
when men couldn’t fly."

  “I’ve been around a long time. Ten years
in this one spot.”

  “Ten years, eh? Don't you ever get a
hankering for a job that’ll let you breathe
a little fresh air?"

  “Nope. I didn’t get any fresh air when I
served drinks on Forty-second Street and 1
don't miss it now. I like it here. Always
something new going on here, first the atom
laboratories and then the big observatory
and now the Starship. But that's not the
real reason. I like it here. It’s my home.
Watch this."

  He picked up a brandy inhaler, a great
fragile crystal globe, spun it and threw it,
straight up, toward the ceiling. It rose slow-
ly and gracefully, paused for a long reluc-
tant wait at the top of its rise, then settled
slowly, slowly, like a diver in a slow-motion
movie. Pete watched it float past his nose,
then reached out with thumb and forefinger,
nipped it easily by the stem, and returned
it to the rack.

  “See that” he said. “One-sixth gravity.
When I was tending bar on earth my bunions
gave me the dickens all the time. Here I
weigh only thirty-five pounds. I like it on
the Moon ”

    SLAVES OF THE CLASS MOUNTAIN!

          THREATENED with euthanasia by a humanity which fears their powers,
          strange new mutants, the spawn of atomic fission, escape from the
          earth to an alien planet—where they meet winged beings who are
          slaves of a malevolent intelligence living in a glass mountain! Then
          follows a gripping and amazing struggle for existence—in one of the
          most exciting fantasies ever penned, a complete novel which will hold
          you enthralled from start to finish! Prophetic in its implications,
          WAY OF THE CODS, by HENRY KUTTNER. opens up new vistas for
          your imagination! This outstanding novel is only one of the splendid
          science fiction yarns in the April issue of our companion magazine—

THRILLING WONDER STORIES

         NOW ON SALE-ONLY 15c AT ALL STANDS
A mdit« bant f*

nLT£l. THE DISC-MEN

EDITOR’S NOTE: Those who read Mr. Well-
man’s Hall of Fame novelet, "When Planets
Clashed.” in our previous issue will welcome this
continuation of the adventures of our Martian
and Terrestrial astronauts.

  In this exciting sequel Rolf Bromburg leads
humanity's first expedition to the outer planets—
to face ruin, firsi from a girl's mad caprice, then
from a grimmer alien species!

CHAPTER I

Party With Dreams

THE year was 2698, the hour was mid-
night, the place was Ekadome, City of
the Martian rulers. In a gorgeous pleas-
ure apartment high up on the cliff-like face
of a towering building that loomed above the

intersection of three canals, an orgy was in
progress.

  Tne spacious, high-domed room was bril-
liantly lighted by a ray that constantly
changed color, now red, now green, now vio-
let. This was the noted “joylamp," invented
by a mad scientist to administer a new and
unheard-of intoxication to all who came into
its light. Beneath it divans were spread and
cushions heaped and on these lolled the
pleasure seekers.

  They drank potent liquors of both Martian
and Terrestrial distillation. They listened to
the fascinating music. They looked at die
three television screens on the walls, where
were presented three entertaining dramas—
one a whimsical, intellectual comedy, one a
historical romance of ancient Mars, one a

70
OF JUPITER

stark, horrible thing that made the head
swim and the heart race.

  The majority of those present were lean,
mahogany-colored Martians, their bulging
eyes and grinning teeth flashing against the
darkness of their thin-drawn, almost mum-
my-like faces. Here and there were Terres-
trial men and women, easily recognizable by
their more robust physiques, lighter com-
plexions and softer contours of face and
figure.

  The music grew louder and wilder, the
three shadowy dramas flashed away into
nothingness, and from a black well in the
center of the room rose a platform. On it
was the writhing form of a Martian dancing

By

MANLY WADt WfUMAN

girl. So fast were her rhythmic movements
that she seemed to shimmer, to sprout new
arms and legs, to turn into two or th(ee
dancers.

  Her performance was greeted with a storm
of applause and all watched closely. The
ever-changing rays of the joy-lamp shone
down, bringing wickedly delightful thrills to
every soul there, even to the young man by
the door who wished he had not come.

  He was a Terrestrial, perhaps twenty-five
years old, more than six feet tall and of a
sinewy slimness. His clear-cut, tanned fea-
tures and the unruly locks of tawny hair
above were somehow familiar to every be-
holder, although nobody knew him save the

Copyright, 1931, by Gemsback Publications, Inc.
71
72	STARTLING STORIES

companion who had brought him and to
whom he now turned.

  "I wouldn't have come if I’d have known
it was to be like this, Duvelskoe,” he said.

  “Why—what's there to be afraid of?” pro-
tested the other. He, too, was a Terrestrial,
shorter and sturdier than the first speaker.
His face was young and handsome and
laughing, topped with black curls and framed
in long sideburns that added to its look of
virile audacity.

  "What's to be afraid of?” he repeated. "The
best people of both worlds go to these parties.
One doesn’t think of them as folks would on
Earth. I wouldn’t have brought you here if
it had been wrong.”

   “It's just that I’m not used to it,” persisted
the tall youth. “Later, perhaps, when I've
made my report to headquarters and found
out about my new job.”

  “You don’t have to make your report until
tomorrow, do you?” said Duvelskoe. "Any-
way, I’m on the same job. remember? Let’s
make a real night of it old fellow.”

  He reached to a stand and took up two
metal goblets, filled with liquor. One of these
he handed to his friend. The latter opened
his mouth to say something in further pro-
test. when the cup was dashed from his hand
and a third person joined them.

  At first glance the newcomer appeared
dark, beautiful and more than a little intoxi-
cated. At second glance, she was a partic-
ularly splendid specimen of that fast-grow-
ing class, the hybrid Martio-Terrestrials. Her
figure was delicately slender, but not as ema-
ciated as that of a true Martian. Her terres-
trial blood had diluted her complexion to a
pleasant tan. well set off by her clouds of
midnight hair.

  Her features might have been a bit too
softly cut to suit Martian tastes, but to the
young Terrestrials who now looked at her
they seemed of classic beauty. For the rest,
she was clad in a costly gown that accorded
to the latest fashion on Earth and did not
trouble itself to hide the various rondures of
her shape.

  She shook her head in mock earnestness at
the tall young man. “Don’t drink that stuff!”
she said. "You’re just from home, aren’t
you?”

  “If you mean just from Earth, yes.” he
replied.

  "Then let me give you a new sensation.”
She held out a jewelled hand, in the palm
of which lay a little heap of gravish pow-
der. “It’s new to me too. We'll bum it in
that brazier yonder. The perfume from it is
guaranteed to make you dream that you are
anything from Martian Ruler and President
of the Terrestrial League to night watch-
man in a girl’s boarding school. Let’s give it
a try, shall we?”

MVE SHOOK his tawny head. “Thanks,
■■ just the same. This is my first night
on Mars, and I've never been to an affair
like this.”

  “Neither have I. I came into the place
just fifteen minutes ago. but what I’ve seen
of it makes me think I’m going to like it.
Come on, show your sporting blood.”

  The dancer had finished her performance
and had sunk away with the platform. The
audience turning in search of new diversion,
saw the argument and gathered around to
watch in amusement or to add their voices
to that of the girl’s.

  "Do as she asks you, friend” urged one.
"She seems to like you, and we all like her.
Just be one of us. Plenty of fun here for
everybody and every taste.”

  “I don't even know her,” said the tall
youth, a little harassed

  "That’s easily remedied,” said the girL
‘‘My name’s Thiana, an ancient name in my
mother's family—she was Martian. What’s
yours?”

  But he was turning away.

‘‘You’re too good for us?” she mocked.
"He’s a long way from too good,” cried
a burly, grizzled Terrestrial, on whom vari-
ous stimulants had wrought. “As far as I’m
concerned, he isn't even good enough.”

   "Let it stand at that,” answered the young
man without turning around. “I’ll leave.”
‘Til guarantee you will!” shouted the bur-
ly one, leaping forward. In another moment
he would have struck a blow on the back
of the unsuspecting head. But Duvelskoe
saw his intention and, quickly interposing
himself, drove a skilful right to the heavy
chin. The other staggered backward into a
long, slumping fall among the revellers.

  For a moment there was silence. Then a
gust of laughter went up and several voices
urged the fallen man to get on his feet and
do battle. He rose, but hesitated, cherishing
his bruised jaw.

  “If you knew who I was, you’d have
thought a long time before you did that”
he snarled. "I'm Thor Harvison, and I
manufacture the Harvison space-ships. I
drag a broad tail on both worlds, young
man.”

   “I’m glad to know you. Harvison.” retort-
ed Duvelskoe in impudent good humor. “My
name’s Shem Duvelskoe. As to your space-
ships. I’ve operated them, and very bad
space-ships they are. It takes more of a man
to fly one than to make one.”

   Delighted applause burst out nt this, and
some of the watchers cried out afresh for
Harvison to attack. Duvelskoe, evidently en-
joying himself hugely, shook his head when
his companion motioned him toward the door.

  “I’ll get a rawhiding from some bigwig
over this, anyway, he said. “Let me give this
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER

73

man one of my own rawhidings first.”

  Harvison snorted at that and bared two
hairy forearms. He advanced stealthily, put-
ting up his guard. But, just as Duvelskoe
moved to meet him, the door opened and
a sharp voice cried out for order.

  At sight of the fit-looking, middle-aged
Terrestrial who entered, silence fell upon the
gathering. Duvelskoe snapped out of his pos-
ture of defense and stiffened to salute. Har-
vison shrank back in a manner which as-
sured all who saw that, however broad the
trail he dragged, the newcomer dragged one
still broader. For he was Colonel Jack Still-
well. an outstanding hero of the Interplanet-
ary War of 2675 and now head of the Terres-
trial legation at Ekadome and a power of
two worlds.

  “Turn that thing off!" he snapped, point-
ing at the joy-lamp. Somebody jumped to
do it, and the dimming of its rays served to
sober the crowd still more. Next his eyes
fell upon the girl who had introduced her-
self as Thiana. He beckoned her to him with
a quick jerk of his head and she came for-
ward, all of her sauciness gone.

  “You should have an old-fashioned spank-
ing, daughter,” he said. “As soon as I heard
you were here I came to set you. Have you
used any of that powder in your hand?”

  She threw it away, shaking her head.

  “So much the better. See that you never
do so. You have my leave to go."

  She almost ran from the room, followed
by several others. Duvelskoe made bold to
stammer some sort of explanation.

  “I didn't really know what kind of a party
it was. sir. I only thought to show my friend
here some Martian night life."

  “Your friend? This man?” Stillwell nod-
ded toward the tall one.

  “Yes sir. He is the officer who is to report
to you tomorrow for orders on the space
flight to Jupiter."

  “Oh, yes,” said Stillwell. He offered his
hand to the young stranger, his features re-
laxing into a smile.

  “Then you are Rolf Bromburg, descend-
ant of the first man to make a non-stop
flight around the world and the twenty-fifth
to bear that illustrious name—the man who
has been chosen to perform a task that will
stand in history beside the accomplishment
of his famous ancestor!”

          CHAPTER n
          Flying Orders

ROLF BROMBURG went to his confer-
ence with Stillwell next day as un-
easily as his tranquil spirit would allow.

 IsciENTincTiom STrrZ'TlS

are printed. Others stand
the test of time.

   Because ‘‘The Disc-Men
of Jupiter," by Manly Wade
Wellman, has stood this
test, it has been nominated
If or SCIENTIFICTION'S
HALL OF FAME and is reprinted here.

   In each issue we will honor one of the most out-
   standing fantasy classics of all time as selected by
   our readers.

   We hope in this way to bring a new permanence
   to the science fiction gems of yesterday and to per-
   form i real service to the science fiction devotees
   of today and tomorrow.

   Nominate your own favorites! Send a letter or
postcard to The Editor, STARTLINC STORIES. 10
East 40th St., New York 16, N. Y. All suggestions
are more than weicome!

Despite the official's cordial treatment the
night before, he felt that he had been in-
troduced under most unsatisfactory condi-
tions.

  However, he made no effort to excuse
himself to his superior. Instead, he attempt-
ed to explain that Duvelskoe was blameless
in fighting Harvison. Stillwell listened sym-
pathetically.

  “Duvelskoe is of a mixed descent, and his
wild instincts get him into trouble some-
times." the older man said at length, “but
I agree with you that he could have done
nothing else in this case. He won’t suffer
for it, I promise you. But let's get to busi-
ness. You know what you are to do for me?"

  “Only what was said on my order sheet.
I understand that I was to attempt a flight
to the planet Jupiter, with Duvelskoe as my
lieutenant”

  “That’s right, but that isn't the whole
story,” said Stillwell. “You know, captain,
I am glad you had an opportunity to visit
that party last night.”

  Bromburg only looked his amazement.

  “I see you don't understand. Perhaps I’d
better explain that every day and every hour
there are scores, hundreds, even thousands of
such parties in progress. You'll find a few
Terrestrials there, thrill-seeking; but the
majority are Martians.

'“They have the old philosophy of ‘Eat,
drink and be merry, for tomorrow we die'
as their one guide. And ‘tomorrow we die'
means not only this individual or that. It
means their whole world!”

He pointed to a map of Mars on the wall.
“You know the story that is told there;
you studied it in school. The oceans of Mars
are dried up. The land is all desert, except
where irrigation and intensive cultivation are
74	STARTLING 8T0RIES

practised. And even these shall pass away
before long. Water and plant life and air
will vanish from Mars, and there will re-
main a deserted, silent globe spinning in
space.

  "The Martians know that. And the end of
a world is a dreadful thtng to contemplate.
Once they wanted to establish colonies on
Earth, thereby to effect an escape. You know
how that idea led to the Interplanetary War
twenty years ago. Of course, their hopes
were dashed, and they returned to their dy-
ing planet in despair.

  "What use, the Martian asks himself, is the
effort to improve the individual and the race?
There is so little future left to them. He
therefore decided to live for present alone.”

  "And to forget the future,” added Brom-
burg.

  “Right The wealth of Mars is being spent
on sensations. The scientists who are given
the greatest rewards are those who perfect
new pleasure devices. The joy-lamp—you
saw it in action last night—will be only the
first step in amazing new dissipations. And
so, captain, the people of Mars must be saved
at once.”

  “I understand,” said Bromburg. "My ex-
pedition is to be an effort at finding a new
home for Martians.”

  "Exactly. The emergency is desperate. We
know Venus is a world of mists and bogs.
Mercury, backed by the sun, is worse off
than Mars. But the moons of Jupiter are
more encouraging. Ganymede, the third satel-
lite, is nearly as large as Mars, has more air
and the telescopes show, is well off in the
matters of oceans and continents. The fourth
satellite is somewhat smaller but also ap-
pears habitable.”

  Bromburg nodded. “It's worth trying, any-
how.”

   ‘‘Good lad!” cried Stillwell.

  He rose and took books and maps from a
set of shelves.	*

  "I don’t mean to send you into this thing
without telling you just what you're up
against,” he said, turning pages. “Here we
have a table, showing the distance from
Mars to Jupiter at various oppositions. The
shortest is more than three hundred million
miles, or nearly nine times the distance from
Mars to Earth on the short passage. Of
course, you’re not the first man who has been
sent to Jupiter. Ward Moore commanded an
expedition. So did Robert McClintock. So
did Jack Copeland. None of them ever came
back.”

  “It’s worth trying,” repeated Bromburg
doggedly.

  Stillwell now spread out a set of plans.

  '■We’ll be able to send you out with the
best equipment ever built,” he said. “If
Copeland and those other poor devils could

have done it, perhaps they would have cpme
through. Now, this shows you the workings
of the Nonpareil, your ship for the job.”

  "It seems a splendid craft,” said Brom-
burg. “How long must it be in flight?”

  “The most favorable journey should be-
gin next month,” replied Stillwell. "Duvel-
skoe, who has been supervising, a part of the
building, figures eight months in space be-
tween Mars and Jupiter. The ship Is fitted
for twelve months’ flight only, which means
that you must replenish your supply of rock-
et fuel from natural sources at the other end.
As you see. here is your equipment for
doing so.” He indicated a chamber at the
stem of the ship.

rT,HE two plunged into an interested dis-

*	cussion of the proposed attempt. Duvel-
skoe was sent for and hurried over to pre-
sent opinions and questions. Several Mar-
tian officials, happening in. enthusiastically
greeted Bromburg when introduced.

  "I am a thousand times encouraged at
meeting you,” said one, taking the young
man’s hand between his in the Martian man-
ner of greeting. “How much you resemble
the original Rolf Bromburg! By inheritance
you are a hero and a leader. By training
you are an accomplished explorer of space.
Already I visualize you as the savior of my
people."

  “I will do my best." said Bromberg, a bit
embarrassed by such warmth.

  “You must do your best, and you shall suc-
ceed!” interposed another. “You cannot,
must not fail!”

  At length the conference broke up. The
Martians remained to chat with Stillwell,
while Bromburg and Duvelskoe took their
departure. As they walked down a corridor
toward the outer door, a feminine voice
hailed them. Turning, they saw Thiana Still-
well hastening toward them.

  “May I speak to you?” she asked Brom-
burg. Duvelskoe nodded quickly and walked
on alone. The other paused and waited for
what the girl might say.

  She turned upon him a pair of eyes that
might quicken the coldest hearts on two
worlds.

  "Captain Bromburg, I want to apologize
for what happened last night,” she said.

  "Please don't trouble; I’ve already for-
gotten it.”

  “I want to be sure that It remains for-
gotten,” she went on. “I acted like a fool
and did my best to make you act like one.

I didn't know at the time that you were the
Captain Bromburg for whom my father had
been waiting.”

  At these words a slight frown creased the
young man's brow. “I wish you hadn’t said
that last,” he told her.
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER	75

  “Why?” she asked quickly.

  “Because it shows that you aren't apologiz-
ing to me at all. You are apologizing to the
memory of my ancestor, who lived nearly
eight hundred years ago.”

  Her eyes snapped. “Indeed!” she said, net-
tled. “Captain, I feel that in apologizing at
all I have done quite enough. It was my
father’s idea, anyway. I daresay he told you
to expect it.”

  "You do your father wrong. Miss Still-
well. He said nothing whatever about you.
And, as I remarked a moment ago, I had
forgotten about it. But, if you must speak to
me, why refer me back to my ancient fore-
fathers?

  “I'm arguing, not for myself, but for the
original Rolf Bromburg. He did what, in his
day, was considered a tremendous deed. He
flew around a world in Nineteen-thirty-sev-
en, and landed to find himself a hero. He
was bewildered by the applause he received,
but turned his popularity to the end nearest
his heart—the advancement of aviation proj-
ects. He hated sham and ostentation. That
is why I don’t want to profit in any way
whatsoever by the fact that I bear his name.
If I allowed it, his spirit would despise me,
and I should hate myself.”

  Thiana Stillwell laughed shortly.

  “I love brave speeches, captain. That one
should be put in a television play. So you
aren’t going to profit by his name, eh? What
beside his name got you the chance to con-
duct this expedition of yours? And what
can your interest be except to do something
that you think will give the Bromburg name
fresh lustre? That long-ago flight around
the earth seems rather feeble to you now,
doesn't it? Perhaps you’ll accomplish your
objective, too. I wonder what your descend-
ant eight hundred years from now will be
doing to surpass your heroics?”

 “I’m growing more sorry every moment
that you tried to apologize.” said Bromburg.

  “Sorry, nothing! You glory in it! Go on
with your gallant adventure, you brave man!
Two worlds will cheer you on your way, but
I won't! I will be sure that I never see you
again! I hope that you—"

  She paused suddenly, her mouth half open,
her eyes suddenly frightened at what she
was saying.

  “You were going to say.” suggested Brom-
burg after a moment, “that you hoped I
would never return? Perhaps you feel that
I deserve not to; but how about poor Lieu-
tenant Duvelskoe, who has done you no
wrong?”

  She gasped in rage, stamped her foot, and,
turning, hurried away.

  Bromburg followed her with his eyes. A
half-smile played about his lips. Then he,
too, turned and followed Duvelskoe.

^ HI AN A STILLWELL was as good as her

*	word. She was careful to keep out of
Bromburg's way during the frequent visits
he made to her father’s home for the pur-
pose of perfecting plans for the expedition.
For the rest, neither of the two mentioned
the affair, and nobody remarked anything
out of the way.

  Bromburg found the newly-built Non-
pareil a thing of unceasing wonder and de-
light to his adventurous soul. It was an
egg-shaped craft stoutly but gracefully
made, pierced all around with wide ports.
Inside, the upper and lower portions were
separated by a deck of transparent glass.
Only a small part of the space was avail-
able for living quarters, the rest being filled
by the machinery and supplies needed for
the long voyage.

  In the deck was located the electrical mech-
anism that established the ship’s center of
gravity, so that a man might walk upright
in the top compartments, while another, in
the section beneath, would appear with feet
opposed, like a fly clinging upside down to
the bottom of an overturned glass. This de-
vice was necessary in order to give the ship
an axis on which it might spin as it trav-
elled through emptiness.

  The Nonpareil was well equipped with
television apparatus and instruments for the
most complex astronomical observations, but
the radio fixtures were limited. The ex-
plorers, venturing to a distance ten times
greater than the greatest space flight at-
tempted to date, would be beyond the reach
of the most powerful sending set on either
Earth or Mars.

  The fuel for the rocket engines that pro-
pelled the craft was a new and ultra-power-
ful development of liquid oxygen and liquid
hydrogen, carefully blended. There was also
equipment for manufacturing new fuel when
the supply ran low. All other appointments
were of the most modern and most prac-
ticable sort.

  Bromburg and Duvelskoe made several
test flights and were highly pleased with the
performance of their vehicle. Stillwell, older
and more sober-minded though he was. be-
came infected with their enthusiasm.

  “At least we are giving you the finest
space-ship in history for the flight," he told
them, “and, what is more, two of the finest
young space-wranglers in history are going
to fly it!"

  Duvelskoe grinned in pleasure at this
compliment from a man so highly placed,
while Bromburg, flushing a little in confu-
sion, turned to examine the nearest instru-
ment board.

  After the test flights, the Nonpareil was
brought to a sheltered dock, there to be giv-
en a final and thorough checking over. The
STARTLING STORIES

 76

day of the start approached. Duvelskoe
(ought off his growing nervousness with a
series of mild dissipations. Bromburg seemed
no more perturbed than a man of stone.

  At last on a clear midnight the Nonpareil
stood upon the metal runway of a rocket
port high on a rooftop of Ekadome. A score
of searchlights converged upon it from other
rooftops, which were crowded with favored
spectators. The microphoto machines of a
host of television stations were also trained
upon the scene. Through them the popula-
tions of two worlds were watching.

  But a strong guard of Martian police agents
kept the runway clear, save for the two
young fliers and half a dozen others—offi-
cials, scientists and Jack Stillwell.

  “Goodby and good luck,” said the latter,
wringing the hands of his two youthful
friends. “In a year and a half I’ll be look-
ing for you again."

  Keep dinner hot for us,” smiled Duvel-
skoe.

  “My daughter spoke of coming to see you,”
went on Stillwell.

  “Is that so?” said Bromburg, looking up
with sudden interest
“Yes. but I couldn’t find her at home when
I came. I left word with the guards to let
her come up. She would be greatly thrilled
to tell you goodby personally.”

  “It would be well not to delay the flight
much longer,” volunteered a Martian as-
tronomical expert, gazing upward. “Just now
the ship will find it easiest to make a good
journey through the atmospheric envelope.
An hour later, and it will be much harder
to start auspiciously.”

  “That’s right,” said Duvelskoe. “We’d bet-
ter go, eh Chief?” He saluted his comrade
in friendly mockery.

  “Yes. we’d better.” agreed Bromburg. He
shook hands with Stillwell again. “Goodby,
sir. Convey our respects to your daughter
and tell her that we had to leave on the
minute, and so could not wait for her.”

  He entered the lock at the side of the Non-
pareil. Duvelskoe followed, shutting the
panel behind him. The others fell quickly
away from the runway. A purring sound
arose and the craft began to tremble as the
rocket engines started their spinning. A
sudden burst of flame, and the big metal egg
slid forward—upward—away. A mighty
cheer, from thousands of human throats, rose
to make the buildings vibrate and speed the
expedition on its way.

IN THE control room of the Nonpareil,
■* Duvelskoe kept a close watch through
the forward ports, while Bromburg, his eye
on the space-charts, was striking out a series
of combinations on the control keyboard.

  '*Nose up a trifle, Rolf,” called Duvelskoe.

“Now straight ahead, keeping low speed un-
til we clear the atmosphere.” He glanced to
his left. " ’Way over there I see Jupiter.
Eight months from now he’ll be meeting us,
up there in the sky.”

  Beneath them the lights of Ekadome were
steadily dwindling. Phobos. one of Mars’ two
tiny moons, loomed on their starboard quar-
ter like a Chinese lantern hung in the heav-
ens.

  “How’s the air gauge by now?” queried
Bromburg.

  “It shows thin, but hold her speed steady,”
answered Duvelskoe. "Think of all the good
ships and wranglers that have been cooked,
just on account of picking up too much fric-
tion on nice, fresh air. However, am I telling
you? You’re the superior officer.”

  "So say the flying orders," said Bromburg.
“Maybe I ought to make you say ‘Captain,
sir,’ when you talk to me.”

  ‘Try and do it!” laughed Duvelskoe.
"Then, if I don’t, slam me in irons and put
me under confinement, while you stand my
watches and yours, too!" He looked at the
air gauge. “We’re clearing the atmospheric
envelope now. I’ll give you the word, and
you give her the guns.”

  He held up a hand, then brought it quick-
ly down. “All clear!” he shouted. Brom-
burg’s hands, as quick and skillful as a
pianist's, struck a new pattern on the key-
board. The Nonpareil quivered throughout
its whole construction as the rear rocket
tubes all went into action at once. Duvel-
skoe stepped quickly to a table and drew the
indicator of the automatic steering gear
down to touch a carefully marked point on
a map of the solar system.

  "All set” he said, relaxing. "Now, if we
were lazy enough, or trustful enough, we
could go into the feathers and sleep for the
next eight months, waking up in time to see
Jupiter peeping in through the window of
our bedroom.”

  “Suppose we did that and a meteor came
along and shot this ship right out from under
us?" suggested Bromburg.

  “Why then I’d flap my arms up and down
and yell Tm a bird. I'm a bird,' and you
could say, 'I told you so,’ to me.”

  “That privilege would be something, at
least” said the young captain, rumpling his
tawny hair. “Well, if you’re really so tired,
go take a nap and I'll stand first watch.”
Duvelskoe shook his head violently. “I'll
do all my sleeping when I'm supposed to be
lookout!” he said “Just now I’m going to
go aft and see how Mars looks falling off
our tail. Come along?"

  "No thanks. I’ll stay here and see that we
hold our course.”

  “Right,” said Duvelskoe. “You want to
look ahead, I want to look back. Maybe that’s
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER	77

why you’re the captain and I’m the lieu-
tenant. At least I can’t think of any other
reasons.”

  He went back along the narrow corridor
toward the little observatory in the stern.
Bromburg remained in his seat by the key-
board. He was thinking, not of the expedi-
tion, but of Jack Stillwell’s beautiful daugh-
ter.

  And so she had meant to bid him goodby,
after all—or had she? Perhaps she had sent
the message only to taunt him. Or, planning
to come, had changed her mind at the last
moment and stayed away.

  Or maybe she had indeed tried to reach
him, but had been delayed in the close-
packed crowds and had arrived at the run-
way only to see his ship take flight Had
he waited a few moments, she might have
taken his hand and spoken kindly. She
might have forgiven him for making her an-
gry and have asked forgiveness for her own
harsh words.

  Whatever she had meant or done, he would
have liked one more sight of her lovely dark
face.

  But these thoughts were banished as a
sound of commotion rase in the corridor,
growing louder and louder. He rose and
turned, to see two figures emerge. Laugh-
ing, and wagging his curly head, Duvelskoe
was dragging someone by the wrist.

  “Stowaway, captain! Make her scrub the
dock and clean cuspidors!” he cried out and
pushed his captive into the light.

  It was Thiana Stillwell.

CHAPTER IH
Bromburg Commands

W17ITHOUT rising from his seat, Brom-
burg stared at the two. Thiana drew
herself up, patted down her clouds of jetty
hair, and stared back with all the scornful
defiance she could command.

  “Enter the third conspirator!" she said.
Her tone was bantering, but she did not
smile.

  Bromburg did not move or speak. He only
waited, as if for further speech from her.
Thiana's face betrayed a bit of confusion, as
if she had been caught stealing cookies.

  “I told you that you wouldn't see me be-
fore you left,” she went on, with a great
show of ease. “Well, I kept my word—I al-
ways do. But I have been a little perplexed.
I thought that you might believe I was afraid
of you. That is why I slipped in, to ride
with you a part of the way.”

  “Part of the way?” echoed Duvelskoe.

“How do you expect to get back from here?”
“You’ll take me, of course,” replied Thiana
coolly. “You wouldn't make me walk back,
would you?”

  At this Bromburg rose. His gesture was
that of one who suddenly remembers his
manners with a lady in the room, but on his
feet he towered impressively and seemed
anything but apologetic. Thiana wished that
he had remained seated and so allowed her
to keep the feeling that she commanded the
situation. That feeling was growing fainter
and fainter.

  “Am I to understand.” said the captain,
“that you stowed away in the belief that you
would be taken back to Mars?”

   “I did believe it” she said, “and I shall
be taken back.”

  "So you shall,” he made reply. “So you
shall, when we have completed our mission
to the moons of Jupiter.”

  Thiana stiffened and paled at that and
Duvelskoe’s grin grew fainter.

   “What!” the girl almost shouted.

  “We are on our way to a hitherto un-
explored part of the solar system,” said
Bromburg. “We cannot turn back. You are
here, and you are going along."

   The tone of his voice showed that he was
as resolute as rock. The fight went out of
Thiana in an instant Her voice shook as
she spoke again.

  “But—but do you mean it?”

   “Mean it? Of course I mean it.”

  “Captain Bromburg!” she pleaded. “What
a dreadful revenge to take on me!”

   “It’s not revenge at all. It’s necessity.”
“Necessity? To take me into unknown dan-
gers. unforeseen hardships? Really—”

  "When you spoke last you were prone to
minimize the dangers and the hardships, and
to think more of the applause, weren't
you? Remember, you said that I was after
glory. Well, now you have your chance to
share in it.”

   “But why? Surely it would be only a short
run back.”

  He picked up a handful of papers and
spread them out. “See here, Miss Stillwell.
Here are the most delicate and careful cal-
culations 1 ever saw. They represent the
work of a corps of the finest astronomers and
scientists on Mars, and on them we are
basing our speed, our route, the conduct of
our entire expedition.

  “To turn back now would necessitate a
complete revision. It would take weeks, and
in the meantime the favorable opposition of
Mars and Jupiter would be past. I am sorry,
Miss Stillwell, truly sorry. But I can't turn
back for your sake or for the sake of any
other person.”

   He turned away as if that settled it. Drop-
ping into his seat, he gave his attention again
78	STARTLING STORIES

to the space-charts and control-board. The
girl almost ran to him.

  "But I’m not prepared! I brought along
no equipment.”

  ‘‘We’ll fit you out from among our things.”
  “This amounts to kidnapping!”

  “That’s right,” put in Duvelskoe. "Give it
a think, Rolf. Her father is the one who’s
eending us out. He certainly didn’t authorize
us to take his daughter along.”

  "With all due respect to Stillwell, my
orders come straight from much higher
authorities.” said Bromburg quietly.

  “Lord!" Duvelskoe persisted. "Think what
a jam we may get into over this.”

  “I’ve considered it, and I think I am doing
my duty to the best of my ability.”

  “Your duty!” blazed Duvelskoe. "Is it
your duty to take out your spite on me as
well as on her? Listen, now—”

  “That will do!” Bromburg sprang, to his
feet. With one commanding gesture he si-
lenced his associate. “I’m captain here, and
I’m the only law on board the Nonpareil.
We were joking about it a moment ago, but
it’* no joke now. If your questioning of my
authority is serious, the sooner we settle it
the better. Do you want to fight me?”

  He clenched two brown, sinewy fists.

  "No, I don’t," said Duvelskoe quickly.
“Then stop trying to take this matter out
of my hands!”

  Duvelskoe turned and walked away down
the corridor. Thiana followed him.

  "Aren't you going to help me?” she
queried anxiously.

  Duvelskoe turned his gypsy face toward
her. The grin had returned to it.

  "I’m afraid not You heard what Rolf
said, and you heard what I said. Captain
Rolf Bromburg commands the good ship
Nonpareil.”

  One of the two tiny sleeping compartments
was turned over to Thiana, while the men
agreed to share the other. She was given a
pair of Duvelskoe’s breeches, some puttees,
a sweater and a leather coat She uttered
casual words of thanks, as though they were
making her comfortable on a picnic. Then
she closed the door of her compartment be-
hind her and remained unseen and silent.

■MOURS passed. Duvelskoe was sleeping
** and Bromburg. forward with the ma-
chinery, was jotting down the first day's
record in the brand new log book.

  "Ship’s run for past twenty-four hours,
one hundred thirty-four thousand and nine
miles.” he began. Under that he noted the
standings of various meters showing con-
sumption of rocket fuel, gravitational pull of
the sun and the nearest planets, and other
significant data.

  "The first day's performance of the Non-

pareil, throughout all appointments, left
nothing to be desired,” he went on. “It’s
mechanism cleared the Martian atmospheric
envelope handily. Lieutenant Duvelskoe, set-
ting the automatic steering devices, pro-
nounced them efficient to a hair.”

  His brow creased slightly as he set down
the next paragraph.

  “Less than an hour after clearing from
atmosphere, a stowaway was discovered on
board. Name, Miss Thiana Stillwell, daugh-
ter of the trustee and chief advisor of the
expedition. She asked to be returned to
Mars immediately. Her request was refused,
and the expedition continued on its mission.”
He closed the log-book and put it away.
Then, from a small shelf, he drew another
volume, bound in red. Settling back in a
position from which he could command the
forward ports, the television screens and all
control mechanism, he began to read.

  As he turned the pages, he sensed a pres-
ence behind him. Looking around, he saw
Thiana Stillwell, dressed in the ill-fitting
clothes lent her and very attractive in spite
of them.

  “You are reading?” she said.

  “As you see.” he replied, rising and offer-
ing her his seat
“I haven’t read in ages,” she told him,
accepting it "However, there won’t be much
else to do, will there?”

  “Not in the way of recreation. I’m afraid
We have no television drama, no motion pic-
tures, no radio music. Duvelskoe brought
a guitar, I think, but that's all—that and a
deck of cards and a few books like this one.”
“What is it?"

  “It’s called ‘Lorna Doone.’ You may look
at it if you wish.”

  She thumbed through it “It’s a love story,
isn't it?”

  “Of a sort It has exciting moments, too.
Raids, fighting, and mystery. Along toward
the last of the book, one man rips out an-
other’s biceps with his bare hands.”

  “Oh! It sounds like the savage ancients.”
“It was written in the nineteenth cen-
tury. That’s eight hunched years ago.”

  “I suppose they really acted that way
then. I wonder what for. sometimes.”

  “In this case, for Lorna Doone.”

  “Was Lorna Doone the girl in the book?”
she asked. “She must have been a dreadful
person to inspire such things.”

  Bromburg laughed. "Hardly. Wait, I’ll
read to you about her.”

  He took the book and quickly found a
passage. He read aloud:

  "By the side of the stream she was com-
ing to me, even among the primroses, as if
she loved them all; and every flower looked
the brighter, as if her eyes were on them.

I could not see what her face was, my heart
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER	79

was awake and trembled; only that her hair
was flowing from a wreath of white violets,
and the grace of her coming was like the
appearance of the first wild-fiower. The pale
gleam over the western cliffs threw a shad-
ow of light behind her, as if the sun were
lingering. Never do I see that light from
the closing of the west, even in these my
aged days, without thinking of her. Ah me,
if it comes to that, what do I see of earth
or heaven without thinking of her?"

  When he was through, Thiana shook her
head slowly.

  “How beautiful that is! No modern writer
can say it as well.”

  “Perhaps no modern woman can inspire
it,” said Bromburg.

  “That’s hardly complimentary.”

  “I’m afraid it's trde.”

  Rising, she looked at him with a softened
face.

  “I wonder if you'll lend me the book when
you're done?” she said.

HAYS lengthened into weeks. The three
human beings in their cramped quar-
ters settled into an accustomed routine of
existence, Thiana read not only “Lorna
Doone” but all the books in Bromburg’s tiny
library and then searched eagerly for other
occupation.

  Duvelskoe lightened the tedium of the long
quiet hours. He taught her to step off vio-
lent, posturing dances which, he said, were
favorites of his gypsy ancestors, then ac-
companied her on the guitar. He wrestled
with Bromburg, accepting with rueful good
nature an almost unbroken series of de-
feats. The three also played chess and cards
and found much to interest them in the
spectacle of the heavens around them.

  In the spangled reaches of the stars Mars
had dwindled to a small red spot, far astern.
Jupiter grew larger afar to one side as he
hastened along the track which would bring
him to his far-off rendezvous with the Non-
pareil. The ship seemed utterly alone, an
independent world in itself, with which they
had become more familiar than the great
globe of soil and water that had given them
birth.

  The situation would try the most resolute
patience sometimes, and more than once
Thiana would find cause for quarrel with
Bromburg. Among other things, she resented
the fact that he turned to Duvelskoe, and not
to her. for lessons in the universal language
of Mars.

  “I’m half Martian," she pointed out “He's
a Terrestrial like all his people before him
on both sides. Why not learn from me?”

  “Because Duvelskoe has lived on Mars
for several years, while you, for all your
descent, have been reared and educated on

Earth. I can get a purer accent from his
teachings.”

  ‘‘A purer accent!” she said, her cheeks
growing hot. “You put quite a premium on
purity, don’t you captain?”

  “A tremendous one," he answered.

  ‘‘On my soul, I think you don't want to
talk to me!"

“Sometimes I do not” he told her frankly.
She exclaimed in surprised anger and flung
out of his presence. For several days she
avoided him as completely as the limited
space inside the ship would allow.

  On the other hand she worked hard to
fill a place in the daily routine. She under-
took to prepare the meals, to keep the living
quarters clean and otherwise to free the men
from such tasks in order that they might
spend more time with the controls and in-
struments.

  A month and a half in space saw them
with nearly a fourth of the distance behind
them. Thiana noticed that her companions
spent longer hours at the machinery and kept
a sharper lookout. She wondered at this,
but asked no questions.

  At last one day, as she stood musing be-
side a port she was attracted by a light
in outer space. Looking up in surprise, she
beheld a great luminous disc, three times the
size of the moon as seen from Earth and,
like the moon, mottled and flecked. As she
watched, it grew larger and larger. She
cried out in delight at its beauty and gazed
raptly as the speeding ship flashed across
in front of the wonder. The shining body
dropped astern.

  “What was it?" she crifcd. running forward
to where Duvelskoe and Bromburg were
at work together. “I was so sorry to leave
it behind.”

  “If we hadn't left it behind, it would have
smashed us to atoms,” said Bromburg. “That
was an asteroid—one of the many little
planets that are found in this part of space.
We'll see more of them. I, for one. wish that
we would see less.”

  “It was an asteroid that washed out Jack
Copeland when he tried to make a flight
to Jupiter,” Duvelskoe told her. “Coneland
wasn't much of a space wrangler, but he
had nerve, and evidently he was all sorts of
a good fellow. Imagine his feelings when
that little world suddenly loomed up to
knock him off!”

  “If it’s so dangerous, why couldn’t we fly
over the asteroid belt?” asked Thiana.

  “That would be hard to do, especially since
we want to hold to our course as laid.”
Bromburg explained- "But it isn’t so dan-
gerous. after all. We’re equipDed with radio
devices that warn us of approaching bodies.
That is something that Co—'land and the
others never heard of. We’ll slip through
BO	STARTLING STORIES

them, just like a football player who changes
pace in order to avoid tacklers when they
rush him.”

  "Football player, you say? Did you play
football?”

  “A little, in school.’’

  “A little!” cried Duvelskoe, grimacing.
“Heavens, young lady, did you never follow
sports on Earth? Six years ago Rolf here was
the master mind and the master physique that
made Oklahoma University's eleven a bunch
of all-Internationals! His modesty and your
ignorance are giving me a brand new thrill.''

  "Six years ago was a little before my
time as a football fan," she apologized.

  “Then you’re forgiven,” said Duvelskoe.

■BROMBURG was not listening. He was
intently watching a bowl-like instru-
ment, connected by wires to a dial-covered
cabinet and about two thirds full of a gleam-
ing white liquid, like mercury or molten sil-
ver. Even as he gazed, the surface of the
liquid became agitated and emitted blue
sparks.

  "Another asteroid already?” He glanced
at the dials. “It’s a long way off, however.
Spot it on the television, will you, Duvel-
skoe?”

  The lieutenant did so. "We’re out of dan-
ger from it if we keep this speed, Rolf.” he
said, “It’s not within hours of us, and there
are no others in sight.”

  He found time to lecture Thiana on the
nature and origin of the asteroids. He told
how, in all probability, a great planet had
once skimmed around the sun in these lati-
tudes of space, only to break into bits
through some gigantic catastrophe. The
asteroid belt was many millions of miles
across, but they hoped to encounter very
few of the spinning particles at this time.

  Days followed, with the ship now slowing,
now speeding to get out of the orbits of
approaching asteroids. It passed close behind
Ceres, the largest of the group, and all looked
in wonder at the miniature world. 500 miles
in diameter, with its miniature mountains,
valleys and craters.

  "Do you suppose anyone ever lived there?”
inquired Thiana.

  "I’m afraid not,” answered Duvelskoe.
“Ceres is far too small to have ever had
air or water. People living on her would
have to build artificial cities, with synthetic
atmosphere held under domed roofs, like the
colonies on the moons of Earth and Mars.”

  "The force of gravity would be very low
on that little planet yonder.” said Bromburg,
who had been busy taking photographs.
“You could throw a thousand pound weight
around like a pebble. You could jump nearly
a mile straight up if you had any athletic
prowess at alL And the three of us could

life this space-ship above our heads with our
unaided muscular strength.”

  "That would be very exciting," said Thi-
ana. “Will we find the same conditions on
Jupiter?”

  "Oh, no. Gravity there is nearly two and
a quarter times what it is on Earth. You
weigh about one hundred twenty pounds on
earth—that would make you close onto two
hundred seventy on Jupiter.”

  “Heavens!" cried Thiana. “Then let’s stay
here on Ceres!”

  Another month elapsed. Bromburg and
Duvelskoe did not relax their vigilance.
They passed dozens of asteroids at close
quarters, but never close enough to feel
gravely threatened. Rapidly they approached
the point where they kaew the danger of a
mid-space collision would be over.

  But one day Thiana came to die control-
room to find the two men working hard at
a system of level's. Their faces were set in
expressions of utmost seriousness.

  "What’s the matter?” she asked.

  “Fuel mixture went bad on us,” replied
Bromburg shortly. “We have to change the
whole works, right here and now.”

  “And right on the edge of the asteroid
belt,” groaned Duvelskoe, bending over his
task. “Thank heaven, we have a few good
rocket tubes going. They hold us on our
course, but what if we want to change it
suddenly?”

  “Anything I can do?” offered Thiana.
“Nothing except stay out of our way,”
mumbled Bromburg,

  Once more she felt her temper rise, but as
she turned to walk away she saw something
that drove all feeling of personal injury from
her mind. In the bowl-like instrument that
gave warning of approaching asteroids the
mercury-seeming liquid was stirring and
sparks rose and fell.

  “Look!” she cried, pointing. Both men
lifted their heads and saw.

  “Of all the breaks!” exclaimed Duvelskoe.
running to check the television. “Good
heavens, they’re right on top of us!”
“They?” echoed Bromburg, and he and
Thiana also looked.

  There, nearly filling the whole of the re-
flecting screen, were two hurtling images—
great, shining irregular bodies, spinning and
rotating at great speed, each circling the
other. Even as die three looked, the images
grew larger.

  "We're lost!” cried Thiana, rushing to a
port Sure enough, the two asteroids loomed
upon and over them like dancing mountains.
Compared to their vast circles, the Nonpareil
suddenly seemed to dwindle in size until it
was like a grain of barley between these
mighty millstones of space.

  "Lost? I guess you’re right,” said Duvel-
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER	81

skoe in a strangely calm voice. “They’re
only a few miles away. Might as well be a
few feet."

  “Not lost yet!” flashed back Bromburg,
springing from the levers to the keyboard-
"We have a chance!’’

  “A Chinaman’s chance,” snorted Duvel-
skoe, but he looked hopefully at the tall
captain.

  His eyes on the television, Bromburg be-
gan to pick at the keyboard as rapidly as
though it were a typewriter. He struck com-
bination after combination, slowing or speed-
ing the ship each moment.

  “Are they here yet?” he queried.

  “Here—yes!” shouted Duvelskoe. “It’s cur-
tains!”

  Bromburg’s spread hands fell on the keys
once more. The ship seemed to quiver like
a taut harp string.

  In front of the bow whirled one asteroid,
behind the stern whirled another. For a
moment they seemed almost to scrape the
two ends of the hull. Then they fell away,
began to recede. They shrank in apparent
size before the fixed gaze of the watchers.

  By moving between the two, the Nonpareil
had saved itself!

  Again Bromburg clicked on the combina-
tion for full speed ahead and rose from his
seat. Even as he looked toward his com-
panions. Thiana slumped to the glass deck
and lay still.

  He quickly knelt and raised her head.

  “Bring water. Duvelskoe,” he called. Then
louder, “Duvelskoe!"

  But the lieutenant still stood at the port,
as motionless as though carved out of wood,
watching the death that had slid past by
such a narrow margin. And Bromburg
called again before Duvelskoe showed that
he had heard or seen what was happening
in the room beside him.

CHAPTER IV
Ganyviede

SLOWLY, as if wearied by eight unbroken
months in space, the Nonpareil settled
down upon a gently rolling plain, while
three faces appeared at the ports to look out
at the strange landscape.

  Around them lay stretches of mossy turf
that gleamed, now violet, now green, like
changeable silk. Here and there it was
tufted with clumps of strange bushes. In the
middle distance a silvery stream wound its
way, and farther on were wooded hills. In
the blue sky above drifted fleecy clouds, and
two lights gleamed—the great banded globe

of Jupiter and the smaller but much more
brilliant sun. The expedition had reached
Ganymede, third moon of the Jovian group.

  "Delightful!” exclaimed Thiana. "Let's get
out into the open.”

  "Wait,” said Bromburg.

  "Wait?" she said sharply, for her nerves
had been on edge for many monotonous
weeks. “Are you so in love with this cramped
little nutshell? Well, I'm not! I’m sick of it!”

  “I’m as anxious to get out as you are,”
went on Bromburg. “but first we want to
know if it’s safe on Ganymede. Why, the
very air may choke you.”

  Duvelskoe was bending over some testing
apparatus. At the last remark of the captain,
he looked up and shook his head.

  “Fortunately not, Rolf. As I analyze the
atmosphere, it contains oxygen, nitrogen,
carbon dioxide and water vapoi-s, just like
that of Mars or Earth. It’s perfectly safe.”

  “Good!" said Bromburg. "And the pres-
sure?”

  “Nearly thirteen pounds to the square
inch."

  “Good!" said Bromburg again. “That makes
breathing possible. Now. Thiana, we may
leave."

  One by one they passed through a lock
panel and, for the first time in ages, it
seemed, felt turf and soil under their feet.
Bromburg stooped and took a pinch of earth.

  “It seems rich enough," he reported. “Let’s
take some samples back, Duvelskoe; also
some of this Ganymedean grass.” He picked
some of the fine blades, bruised them be-
tween his hands, smelled them, cautiously
tasted them.

  “Going in for farming, Rolf?” joked Duvel-
skoe.

  “Not I, but the colonists who come here
will. At first glance, it bests any agricultural
potentialities that Mars may offer.”

  Thiana was still pouting, and her temper
was not improved when she saw that the
men did not notice her looks of disfavor.
They were busily engaged in making gravity
tests, in peering at the clouds through spec-
troscopes. and in computing the light and
heal supply emanating from Jupiter and the
sun. Also they found more and more speci-
mens and carried them to the ship. At last
her ill-humor wore away and her heart
lightened as Bromburg suggested a short
stroll to the banks of the stream.

  The trio set out, finding and discussing new
wonders at every step. From the bushes
they gathered fleshy leaves and particolored
flowers of great size. The stir of small life
was all about them. Once a rose-colored
creature, the size of a squirrel and walking
upon many legs, scuttled away from under
their very feet and darted into a hole.

  They approached a bush-clump to see a
STARTLING STORIES

82

larger thing peering interestedly at them
from the branches to which it clung, but it
withdrew to some hiding place before they
could get a good glimpse of it Overhead
they saw floating specks that might be large
birds. Nowhere, however, did they see culti-
vation or other sign of human works.

  “No natives, hostile or otherwise,” ob-
served Duvelskoe.

  ‘‘Right, so far as I can see,7’ agreed Brom-
burg. “That's just as well, for the colonists
will find the going much easier.”

  "They’ll be glad to find no home talent
to stage demonstrations against undesirable
foreigners,” contributed Thiana.

  They reached the water at last Duvelskoe
made simple chemical tests and pronounced
it pure and drinkable.

  “This is really a wonderful real estate
bargain,” he exulted. “What could be a better
spot for the first colony than this little
subdivision? Good water, rich soil, no nasty
neighbors! I’m tempted to settle down here
myself.”

  "Not while I’m captain, you won’t” smiled
Bromburg. “I’ll need you to help me wrangle
the Nonpareil back to Mars.”

  They returned to the ship, and the next
several days were spent in making brief hops
here and there about the little world. Once
they paused on the shore of an ocean and
gathered strange shellfish for their collection
of specimens. Another time they perched
high on a mountain top while Bromburg and
Duvelskoe poked into what looked like metal
deposits. At last they returned to the very
spot where they first landed.

  Night had fallen and they made a bonfire.
Duvelskoe played his guitar and sang, and
Thiana danced the gypsy steps she had
learned from him. Their canned and con-
centrated provisions were augmented by
fresh fruits and berries which analysis had
proved edible. They felt more like picnick-
ers on a holiday than explorers on a strange,
unknown globe.

AT THE end of dinner, Bromburg checked
over a series of sheets and brought the
log up to date by firelight.

  “Did you go over the ship today, as I told
you?” he asked Duvelskoe.

  “I did.”

  "Very well. We will leave Ganymede in
the morning.”

  “Homeward bound!” cried Thiana.

  “Not yet We’re going to circumnavigate
Jupiter first, which will take, as I figure it,
about twenty-eight days. We'll make a lei-
surely survey, finishing the job just at the
right time to start back.”

  “Twenty-eight days!” she ejaculated.
“Nearly a month! Do you mean that you're
going to exile us from home still longer?’’

  "Please, Thiana, I wish you wouldn’t put
it like that This is a scientific expedition.”
“Faugh! What do I care for cold science?
I’m interested in my own welfare just now.”
. “That's very unfortunate.” Bromburg’s
voice had grown chilly. “You invited your-
self to go along with us, you know, and you
can’t complain because the policy of this
expedition is not concerned primarily with
the welfare of those who make it up.

  “Duvelskoe and I were provided with the
best ship, the best instruments and equip-
ment, ever seen; but that was to make our
return as sure as possible. We're no more
than scientific instruments ourselves. And
I will say again that I am in command The
ship and those upon it will operate under
my orders.”

  Thiana rose without replying and entered
the Nonpareil, where it stood nearby.

  Duvelskoe looked closely at Bromburg and
thought that he detected an expression of
unhappiness. But perhaps it was the flicker-
ing of the firelight on the thoughtful face,
for the young captain neither spoke nor
stirred, nor so much as looked after Thiana.
Duvelskoe tossed the stump of his cigarette
into the coals and broke the silence.

  “We’d better be getting inside, Rolf.”
"Right,” said the other, and, rising,
scratched dirt over the dying flames. Then
he led the way to the lock panel.

  They entered and carefully shut them-
selves in. At that moment there was a vibra-
tion in the floor under their feet Even as
they paused in wonder, the Nonpareil rose
swiftly from its resting place and soared
heavenward.

  Bromburg and Duvelskoe exchanged as-
tounded glances. Then they ran along the
narrow middle passageway toward the con-
trol rooms forward. A glass door brought
them to a halt and refused to open when
they tried it They stood helplessly, look-
ing into the compartment beyond, where
Thiana labored unskilfully but to some pur-
pose at the keyboard.

  Bromburg rapped loudly on the glass.
Turning, Thiana made a mocking gesture.

  “Let us in!” cried the captain. “Let us in,

I say! You'll kill us all!”

  “Not on your life! I’m having the first good
time I’ve had since I left Mars!” the girl
called back, her voice made audible by the
radio attachments with which every part
of the ship was fitted. “And I won’t kill you
all; I’m flying splendidly.”

  “I told you to evacuate the fuel supply
last night.” Bromburg said to Duvelskoe.
“You did it, I suppose?”

  “I did,” replied the other.

  "Do you hear that?” said Bromburg,
addressing Thiana again. “We discharged all
the rocket fuel from the tanks, making ready
THE DISC-MEN OF Jl'PITER	83

io generate new from the air and water
supply on Ganymede. You’re travelling now
on the last few puffs that were left. For
heaven’s sake, bring her down before she
crashes!”

  "That’s a likely story,” she answered, “and
it might scare me if you had been more
convincing. Just now it sounds like a good
argument, made up on the spur of the mo-
ment Anyway, I’m going to fly clear away
from Ganymede, and we won't crash any-
where."

  "She's utterly mad!” groaned Bromburg.
‘•What’ll we do?”

  “Stay here and keep her attention di-
verted.” whispered Duvelskoe. “I'll slip
down under and see if I can’t come through
the hatchway into the control room. Ten
to one she hasn't thought to fasten it”

  He turned and ran back down the passage.

■	N THE stern observatory he knelt and

*	threw back a metal cover, revealing a
circular opening like a manhole. Into this
he fairly hurled himself, head first. In an-
other second he found himself scrambling
onto the opposite surface of the deck, the
change in gravitational pull forcing him to
pull himself apparently upward and out of
the hole to do so. He stood up, his position
exactly the reverse of what it had been a
moment ago.

  Swiftly but slowly he ran forward again.
Looking downward, he saw the soles of
Bromburg’s feet through the transparent
deck. A moment later he was opposite the
control room, was struggling through the
hatchway into it
But Thiana saw him and ran toward him.
She struck with a wrench. Duvelskoe sank
down, half in, half out of the opening. She
dragged him through, fastened the cover
securely, and returned to the keyboard.

  ‘■I’ll never forgive you for that!” shouted
Bromburg. startled out of his characteristic
tranquility at last.

  “I’m not asking your forgiveness. Captain
Bromburg.” snapped Thiana. “I have a num-
ber of your actions to forgive, too!”

  Straining his eyes to look at the instru-
ments near her. Bromburg could see that
the ship had cleared the atmospheric en-
velope of Ganymede. He could not fight back
the chill that came over him. for he had
spoken the truth when he had said that only
a little fuel remained. He was as close to
fear as he had ever been in his life.

  But he told himself that he would stand
no more, looking into that room like a dog
that has been kicked out. He had pleaded,
he had reasoned, with this madwoman. He
turned on his heel and walked back to the
stern ports, where he looked moodily out
at the diminishing ball that was Ganymede.

  For minutes, perhaps for half an hour,
he stood thus. He made no sound or mo-
tion. Suddenly the ship seemed to shake
itself. He staggered to keep his balance,
while before his eyes Ganymede seemed to
spin away toward the side of the port and
out of his vision.

  The fuel was gone! The Nonpareil was
falling back toward the satellite it had just
left!

  Quickly he raced forward again. The door
into the control room was flung open before
him and Thiana met him, her face drawn
into a terrorized mask.

  “What have I done?” she quavered. With-
out answering, he dropped into the seat of
the keyboard and touched the top row of
keys.

  He felt a little start of relief when he
found that in one tank remained some of the
low-grade fuel used for travelling at re-
duced speeds within atmospheric limits. It
offered a slim chance, but still a chance. He
began striking combinations.

  "Can you save us?” breathed Thiana.

  "Perhaps,” he said shordy. His eyes went
first to the dull glow that Ganymede made
on one flank, then to the larger mass of
Jupiter on the other. His lips tightened and
his eyes reflected a sudden glint of deter-
mination. He swung the nose of the Non-
pareil away from Ganymede again, laying it
point-blank toward the huge planet.

  “Then you think—’’ began Thiana.

  “Please don't bother me,” he interrupted.
She turned from him. but without the feeling
of defiance that had always arisen within her
at his other fancied rebuffs. She was weeping
now. Her eyes fell upon Duvelskoe, still
unconscious, and she hurried to him. at-
tempting to lift him.

  Now she realized that she had been crazy
for a little while, had truly been a candi-
date for an asylum. Maddened by Brom-
burg's assumption of command and responsi-
bility through all the epdless days, the
eternal months, she had made a ridiculous
move. At last she was sane again, but the
return of sanity did not banish the danger
into which her folly had put her and the
two men.

  She stole a glance at Bromburg, who was
carefully striking at the single row of keys
to which the ship responded. He was as cool,
as skilful, as ever. If mortal man could save
them, Bromburg could. She knew that.

  She washed Duvelskoe's face with a damp
cloth. He stirred under her ministrations,
opened his eyes, then rose quickly to his feet.
Seeing Bromburg at the keyboard, he
grinned his relief.

  “All right, is she?" he asked.

  “All right, as far as we have gone,” said
84	STARTLING STORIES

Bromburg. “Look at the gravity gauges, will
you?”

  Duvelskoe obeyed. “Ganymede attracts us
about sixty-nine hundredths, Jupiter about
thirty hundredths and a little over. Other
bodies, less than one percent.”

  “Continue to read me the figures, regard-
ing Jupiter alone, every half minute,” said
Bromburg.

  “What are you doing?" ventured Thiana.
“Are you heading for Jupiter? Why that
will be as bad as falling back to Ganymede!”
“Not quite," said Duvelskoe. “Ganymede
is made up of hard rocks and soil. The Non-
pareil would be splattered like a ripe melon.
But Jupiter is gaseous—at least there is a
layer of gas thousands of miles thick on the
outside of the planet. That is what gives us
a chance. Jupiter's pull, now about thirty
hundredths and a half!”

STILL the Nonpareil moved forward at a
pace that seemed little better than creep-
ing, while slowly, by tiny divisions of a per-
cent, Jupiter's attraction grew. At last the
figure approached the fifty hundredth mark.

  “Tell me when it reaches fifty hundredth,”
said Bromburg, bending to turn half a dozen
spigot-like instruments on a low stand be-
side the keyboard.

  “Fifty, even!” sang out Duvelskoe a few
moments later. Immediately Bromburg
struck half a dozen keys at once, held them
for a second, then rose from his seat.

  “I’ve done what I could," he said. “Let us
hope that it’s enough.”

  “What did you do?” asked Duvelskoe.
“Poured all the fuel into the rear tube-
feeders. When we came to the fifty hun-
dredth mark, I fired it all, every bit. It wasn’t
much—hardly more than a double shot—but
it should give us the momentum we need to
bring us right to Jupiter. If I had done
otherwise, we might have begun to revolve
around the planet as one more tiny satellite.”
“Why not that way as well as another?”
suggested Thiana.

  “Because I’m hoping to find elements in
Jupiter’s atmosphere from which we can
replenish our fuel supply. Doesn't that pos-
sibility interest you?”

  Overwrought, Thiana began to weep again,
but dried her tears when Duvelskoe showed
her the wonder of Jupiter’s steadily growing
globe.

  Far closer than any human eye ever had
before, they observed the huge disc with its
cloudy stripes. Around its equator was a
broad belt, a gleaming ivory white in color
and bounded above and below by narrower
belts of rusty red. Other stripes, growing
narrower as they neared the poles, showed
deep yellow, tan, reddish, brownish and pur-
ple shades. The poles themselves seemed to

be of a shadowy gray. Close examination of
the surface showed that it slowly seethed.

  For an hour they watched the planet's
apparent size increase with growing rapidity.
They were falling faster and faster toward
it. Ganymede, in the rear, was only a moon-
like circle. Jupiter grew to fill the entire
range of their forward vision, a vast, parti-
colored cloud.

  “It won't be long now.” said Duvelskoe.
Even as he spoke, the formless surface
rushed toward them, enveloped them. The
Nonpareil had plunged into Jupiter's mass.

  On. on they went, with misty wreaths
swishing past the ports. So swift was their
pace that friction with the gases outside
geeniated an uncomfortable heat. Had their
ship been less cunningly made, and of less
durable material, it might have caught fire.
But it retained its shape and substance, while
its speed grew less by degrees and at last
slowed to a halt.

  Examination proved that they were float-
ing idly in the midst of butter-colored clouds,
as a sunken wreck floats in the middle depths
of a sea. From below came a steady stream
of light, struggling to pierce the vapors, but
what its source might be they could not see.
No motion could be observed save in the
ship itself.

CHAPTER V
Disc-Men

'B'HE three occupants of the Nonpareil

*	were affected in widely different ways
by the aspect of their new surroundings.
Thiana could only stand and stare in amaze-
ment. Bromburg was at the television, try-
ing to get a clearer view of the source of the
light from below. Duvelskoe looked up from
his work with an exclamation of joy.

  “This stuff has what it takes to run us
back home,’’ he cried. “I’ve found both oxy-
gen and hydrogen."

  “Is it anything that we can breathe?”
asked Bromburg. ‘Td like to get out into
it, if so.”

  "Don’t try it. In the first place the pres-
sure is considerable and the density is
greater than that of the most thoroughly
water-saturated air. Then there is a whole
chemistry shop full of other elements in
with the oxygen and hydrogen, even includ-
ing some metallic vapors. You’d need a
space suit to make any kind of a successful
trip outdoors.”

  “The buoyancy apparatus of the ship is
holding us at this level," said Bromburg. “I
wish we could drop lower. I’d like to know
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER	85

more about whatever it is that is sending
up the light. I suppose that there is an
incandescent liquid core in the center of the
planet, just as the theorists say, but I want
to be sure.”

  "Heavens, man, leave something for .the
next expedition to find out!” laughed Duvel-
skoe. “In the meantime, let’s set our mixing
machinery to work.”

  The two men began operating the ma-
chinery in the fuel hold and soon found that
it successfully separated and prepared the
oxygen and hydrogen needed to feed their
rocket blasts. Inside of thirteen hours, they
estimated, they would be equipped for the
journey back. Leaving the mechanism in
motion, they returned to Thiana. who was
standing with her face close to the largest
port As they approached, she beckoned to
them with excited gestures.

  "Come quickly!” she cried. ‘‘Here's some-
thing absolutely unbelievable!”

  They hurried to her side and looked out.
Through the smoky yellow veil they made
out a strange moving thing that. they
peered, revealed itself as a dark di e, its
edge inclined toward them, slowly turning.
It was as large around as a tea-tray, and
was thickest in the middle, so that its shape
was like that of two saucers, placed with
concave faces together. Its spinning motion
increased and it drew nearer. They could
see now that it was composed of living tis-
sue.

  Closer it came, and closer. It spun out of
sight to the left, coming up against the ship,
and a moment later came into view again,
but a few inches from the port. There it
hovered, almost within arm s length of them,
while they stood silent fearing that a sound
or a motion might cause it to go away.

  Slowly it revolved, and nowhere upon it
could they see the slightest trace of a visible
organ. Yet it quite patently sensed their
presence, their attitude, as it hovered there.
After a little time, it suddenly went spin-
ning away again, to be swallowed by the
enveloping vapors.

  “It was alive, wasn't it?” murmured Thi-
ana, gazing after the vanishing discoid.

  "Indeed it was,” replied Duvelskoe. “Alive
and intelligent.”

  "I wonder what its principle of movement
can be," said Bromburg. “It had absolutely
no legs, wings, fins or other organs of loco-
motion, as we know them. Yet it travelled
easily and swiftly in all directions.”

  "And it didn’t have eyes or ears either,”
added Duvelskoe. “Yet it knew we were
here and ran away, probably to tell mother.”
“I’d like to capture it,” mused the cap-
tain. “We could learn a lot from it—perhaps
new methods of flight—”

  "I vote we leave that to another expedi-

tion, too," interrupted Duvelskoe. "That is.
if there ever is another expedition. At pres-
ent I’m interested chiefly in getting out of
here. The climate seems so unhealthy—all
foggy and misty, with the sunlight down un-
"derfoot instead of overhead.”

   "Suppose we eat,” suggested Thiana.

  “Right! It must be neai^reakfast time,”
said Bromburg. He turned away from the
port, but halted at Duvelskoe’s cry and
looked out again.

  Spinning into view came a host of disc-
creatures. As far as he could see through
the mists, they were swarming from all di-
rections, and he felt sure that there were
countless others out of sight in the clouds.
Like a plague of gnats they drew in around
.the Nonpareil, brushing its sides, pausing at
its ports, cruising along its length.

   “Say, our little friend has brought all his
brothers and sisters to take a look at us!”
said Duvelskoe.

   The spinning creatures ranged in size from
soup-plate to cartwheel, and in color from
soft tan to deep purplish brown. All were in
motion, whether merely bobbing up and
down as if floating on a quiet stream or
skimming and whirling here and there like
leaves in a high wind. Yet none of them
left the vicinity of the ship.

^JUDDENLY a larger disc floated into view
^ —one as large as a round table-top, and
almost black in hue. It went straight from
bow to stern of the Nonpareil, as if mak-
ing an inspection. Then, it drew away. The
smaller discs fell back, too, ranging them-
selves in a sort of curtain formation beyond
the big one.

   "They're falling away on this side, too,”
said Duvelskoe, running across to look out
of the ports opposite. "That big fellow is
a commander of some sort I wonder what
they're up to now.”

   He had only an instant of mystification.
From the disc-commander’s center suddenly
shot a long, fine tendril, shooting upward
and upward extending itself like a serpen-
tine ribbon thrown into the air at a carnival.
As if it were a signal, every other disc hurled
forth a similar thread, toward the ship. A
thousand slender lines touched the metal
hull at the same instant then, as if alive,
they glided away, under or around it In
a quarter of a minute the Nonpareil was
completely encompassed by the slim cords.

  Then the discs began to move to and fro
and up and down, like shuttles on a com-
plicated loom. The lines by which they held
the ship became crossed and interwoven,
until the whole was a sort of coarse fabric
in which the craft was completely netted
like a fruit in a string bag. “Good Lord,
they’ve captured us!” gasped Duvelskoe.
86	STARTLING STORIES

  "Any fuel in the tanks?" asked Bromburg.

  “There must be a little by now. Shall we
try to break loose?”

 “Yes. No telling what they mean to do
to us.”

  The captain crossed to the keyboard and
struck a combination. The ship moved for-
ward. then stopped. The network held.

  “No use," groaned Duvelskoe. “If we hit
that little gunnysack at full speed, we’d
smash it to pieces like a paper hoop. But
we can't get up enough power from a stand-
still."

  He was right. Bromburg tried other com-
binations, but his efforts were useless. The
ship was bound on every quarter.

 For a moment all three human beings
gazed helplessly at each other. Then Brom-
burg made one more attempt. He went to
the port nearest the big disc-thing that
seemed to be in command and pressed his
hands and face close to the pane. The
strange creature drew near.

  First Bromburg pointed to himself, then
showed his hands, open and empty, to de-
note peaceful intentions. He waved his arms
in a gesture to include the ship, then pointed
to the threadlike lines that criss-crossed the
port. Then he made sweeping movements
of his hands to indicate loosening of the
bonds and pointed again to himself, his com-
rades. then upward in an effort to show that
he wished to do nothing but go away.

  The big disc seemed to quiver with each
new sign he made.

  “I think that it understands," he said
softly. He finished his pantomine by holding
out both hands in appeal.

  The creature hovered for a moment only.
Then it spun slowly away. Bromburg looked
back at Duvelskoe and Thiana.

  “It knew what I meant," he said. "It knew
—and it refused!”

 “I wish I had a ray-gun!" gritted out
Duvelskoe, shaking his fist at the uncanny
things outside. “How I'd wash out these
animated dinner-plates! I’d show them what
to hold and what to turn loose!”

  “Yes. we should have been provided with
space-weapons," said Bromburg. “However,
we aren’t. We have only the smallest of
disintegrator rays, fit for a hand weapon,
but no more. If there was ground outside on
which we could stand, we might slip out
and fight. As it is, they would probably
whip their threads around us and drag us
off the outside of the ship.”

  “What are those threads of theirs?" asked
Thiana.

  “As far as I can see. they are simply spun
out, like the web of a spider," said Brom-
burg. "That’s a good comparison just now',
for if we aren’t caught like a moth in a
web. I’m no judge.”

  Thiana dropped her head.

  “I feel dreadfully guilty." she said. “I’ve
been such a fool. I was downright wicked,
and now I'm being punished for it. But you
two are being punished with me! That is
the hardest to stand.”

  For a moment she seemed almost ready to
burst into tears. Bromburg stepped quickly
to her side and took her hand.

  “Don't say that,” he pleaded. “You guessed
wrong, and here we are. But blaming you
won't get us out of this pinch. Forget any
troubles we may have had."

  She looked up at him, and for the first
time they smiled into each other's eyes.
Thiana dashed away a few tears.

  “I'm not going to pout over my misfor-
tunes any more,” she promised. “I'm going
to puzzle out a way to get us away from
here!"

  They might have said more, but at that
moment they felt the ship moving. Looking
out, they saw the yellow mist drifting past
and knew that their discoid captors were
dragging the Nonpareil along by countless
lines. From the bow ports they could see
the unattached commander leading the way.
Whatever their fate was to be, they were
approaching it.

■	BOW far the Nonpareil was dragged by
"* its strange captors could not be ascer-
tained. There was no landscape outside
whereby one could judge speed, and the
speedometers recorded nothing. Fast or
slowly, the army of disc traveled for hours,
while the three prisoners inside pondered
the question of escape but to no avail.

  Duvelskoe reported that the fuel tanks
were rapidly filling, but this would help them
little while they were still in the net woven
by the disc-oreatures. Even had they been
able to attack, they could hardly venture
forth into the bottomless mist to do so. On
and on their ship was dragged, always with
the same weird company in attendance, the
same yellow fog enveloping it, the same
glowing light beneath.

 “How do we end up?” wondered Thiana.

  “Hard to tell." said Bromburg. “We can’t
do anything to them and, as far as we know,
they can’t do anything to us unless we open
the lock panels and let them in. It looks
as if it will be a siege. We can live for
months and months yet, shut in as we are.”

  “I'm against that,” said Duvelskoe. “Let’s
open up and dare some of them in. I'd
rather die with my teeth in a throat grant-
ing that these things have throats.”

  “We won't open up until I order it,” re-
joined Bromburg. “There may be a way out
yet. For instance, if only they weren’t watch-
ing us on all sides, someboriv could slip out
in a space-suit with the disintegrator. Then
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER	87

it would be a simple job to cut away all
those threads and we could get out of here.”
Still the ship was dragged along. The
three inside took turns at sleeping, for they
were genuinely tired. At last Bromburg, at
the forward port, called his companions to
him.

  "There's the end of our journey, or I'm
mistaken,” he said, pointing to a great dark
patch ahead. The disc-creatures pulled them
closer. They came upon and above a sur-
face that seemed to be of tangible substance.
Looking down upon it, they exclaimed in
amazement.

  It was a disc-creature, unthinkably large!
Its great, irregular circle was as broad as
a landing field, and the jet-black surface
pulsed and throbbed with life. As their cap-
tors pulled the Nonpareil toward it they saw,
here and there, shining spots like outcrop-
pings of glassy quartz upon a bank of earth.
Around the edges of the great body moved
groups of smaller discs. As they watched,
the explorers saw that these issued from
the big disc itself.

  “Either they break away like buds, or else
they live in cavities in that giant pancake,”
said Duvelskoe. “I wonder which.”

  His question was answered a moment
later, when the creatures that held the ship
dropped upon the black bosom of their huge
counterpart. Before the surprised eyes of
the watchers, they seemed to plunge into
the substance, lose themselves in it. Within
less than a minute they had completely
merged, leaving the captive vessel bound to
the gigantic bulk by the many woven cords.

  “Why, they're all part of the same crea-
ture!” said Bromburg. “They’ve gone back
into it now, and those yonder are just so
many fragments, breaking loose! This is
unthinkable—scientists won’t believe it!”
Duvelskoe was peering through a peri-
scope that gave a view beneath the keel of
the Nonpareil.

  “I doubt very much if the scientists will
have a chance to consider its possibility." he
said. “Have a look at this.’’

  The periscope revealed one of the shining
spots directly beneath them. On all sides
of it the confining cords were made fast
to the strange monster. As the human cap-
tives watched, the quartz-like glitter became
a warmer, brighter gleam. It grew larger
and more intense, until a ray rose from it
toward the hull of the ship.

  “That's a natural lens,” said Bromburg.
“It’s focussing light from beyond—probably
it extends clear through the disc’s substance
and is gathering the rays of the incandescent
body at the center of Jupiter.”

  “But what’s it trying to do?” put in
Thiana.

  “That’s plain enough,’’ answered Duvel-

skoe. “It wants to burn a hole in us, then
send in a few pieces of itself to see what’s
what. Oh it knows that there is meat in
the nut, all right! Look, there’s the raiding
party now.”

 ^JTJRE enough, a score or more of disc-
 ^ creatures, the size of cartwheels and
 larger, were gathering below the ship.

  “It'll take some time to bum a hole big
 enough for those,” said Duvelskoe. "The
 old Nonpareil is as well made as they come.
 But sooner or later our friend with the
 burning glass will succeed in its mission.”
 He and Bromburg went through the hatch-
 way end and, with their field of gravity re-
 versed, climbed to the spot where the ray
 was striking. Already the metal of the hull
 was getting hot. They returned to the con-
 trol room deeply concerned.

  “Again I say, let them in!" urged Duvel-
 skoe. "Let them in, or let me out If I have
 to fight with things like that I want to do
 it down there where I can dance a gypsy
 clog on the big boy’s belly. What do you
 say. Rolf? Let’s carve our names on them
 for the next expedition to read!”

  “Not yet” said Bromburg. “I’d rather get
 away from here alive.”

  ‘ But how?”

  “If ever we had the chance, it’s now. All
 those disc-things are down below. One of
 us can get up above with the disintegrator
 and chop us a way out of the network be-
 fore they catch on. It’ll have to be done
 quickly, though.”

  “Then let’s do it” said Duvelskoe run-
 ning to a locker. “Help me into a space-
 suit—I’ll need it out in that poison fog.”

  He dragged out the clumsy-looking gar-
 ment of metal-strengthened fabric and be-
 gan to get into it.

  "Wait,” ordered Bromburg. “It was my
idea, and I’m captain. It’s my place to make
the venture.”

  “Your place, nothing. Your place is in
 here, at the controls. We can’t get away
 otherwise.”

  “And your place is at the lookout”
 "Thunder, that’s so!” said the lieutenant.
 “Both our places are here. What’ll we do?”
 "Thiana will have to take the place of one
 of us," offered Bromburg.

  Thiana shook her head. “I can’t do that,”
 she said. “I think I’ve demonstrated how
 little I know about running this ship.”
 "Then there’s nothing to be done,” said
 Duvelskoe, a hopeless note creeping into his
 voice at last.

  "Only one thing,” amended Thiana. “One
 thing can save us. Bromburg must stay at
 the controls; Duvelskoe must keep lookout;
 that leaves me to do the work outside.”

  Both men stared at her. Both opened their
«	STARTLING STORIES

 muuths to speak, but she cut them off.

  "You’re going to say that it isn’t my place.
Well, it seems to be nobody’s place at all!
You'll tell me that it’s dangerous. So is stay-
ing here, with that thing turning its way
into us. And you’ll argue that I'm too weak.
But I'll show you. Help me into that space-
suit”

  “She's right, Rolf, and she means busi-
ness,” said Duvelskoe. He held the suit for
her and she began to pull it onto her legs,
body and arms.

  “Well, it's a chance," admitted Bromburg,
as if talking to himself. He took the glass-
fronted space helmet and adjusted it on
Thiana's head

  She looked out at him with smiling eyes,
Her gloved hand, clumsy in its metal fittings,
clasped his for a moment. Then she turned,
took the ray projector Duvelskoe held out
to her, and mounted the ladder toward the
lock panel above.

CHAPTER VI
Escape

THIANA’S first sensation as she emerged

■	on top of the hull was a terrifying
heaviness.

  She knew of course, that this was due to
her leaving the insulated interior of the
Nonpareil and coming into the open, where
Jupiter attracted all bodies with a strength
more than twice that of earth. She told her-
self as much, trying to quiet her fears; but
she could not escape from the uncanny feel-
ing of that added weight, which seemed in-
tent on dragging her down and keeping her
from the thing she had to do.

  Her next sensation was that of heat, mak-
ing itself felt through the sturdy fabric
of her space-suit. And her third was that
she was tied to the metal cleats to which she
clung, just outside the lock-panel. The web
of the disc-crcatures lay upon her, preventing
her from rising. She could only crawl, and
that only with difficulty.

  She turned on the mechanism of her ray
and leveled it at the uneven network before
her face. With deep satisfaction she saw the
slender threads melt rapidly away. She
quickly made a hole large enough to allow
her to rise. It taxed her strength to attempt
the later move and it took all the strength of
her hands to force her body into an upright
position.

  The space-suit. designed for use on the
outside of just such hulls as these, was
furnished with boots that had magnetic soles,
and Thiana was thankful for the firm foot-

ing they afforded her. Slowly she walked
toward the nose of the ship, her ray ready
in her hands.

  But suddenly she was conscious of shad-
ows in the murk around her. Looking to
right and left, she saw great flocks of disc-
creatures rising along the sides of the ship.
Even as she looked, each creature sprouted
a tendril toward her. A dozen of them,
strong as steel wires, touched and encircled
her.

  Some instinct prompted her to drop down
on all fours. Still clutching her ray-gun with
one hand, she grabbed a cleat with the other
and hooked both toes into the mass of
threads that swathed the ship. As she did
so, she felt a terrific pull exerted upon her.
Had she remained standing, she would sure-
ly have been carried away by the attacking
disc.

  Thiana raised herself on the elbow of the
arm that held the cleat, and with her other
hand turned on her ray again. Quickly but
accurately she swept its gleaming finger up-
ward.

  The destroying light touched one, then
another, then a close-set group of discs.
They seemed to explode before it, and great
clouds of lead-folored vapor spread where
they had been. Swinging her ray horizon-
tally, she cut herself free from the clutching
tendrils as if with a revolting blade. While
the surviving assailants seemed to hesitate
before this sudden destruction, she pushed
herself onto her feet again and ran forward
as fast as her failing strength could carry
her.

  A big disc flew into her face like a bat.
She flung up an arm to strike it away. Her
hand encountered something that felt like a
mass of pudding and the thing broke to
pieces as she hurled it aside with all her
might.

  A moment later she was standing at the
very nose of the Nonpareil.

  Her ray bit into the strands that bound it
She saw them fall away, or flash into noth-
ingness altogether. The hull stirred under
her feet now, was slipping out of the hole
she was cutting for it. Again she felt lines
flinging themselves about her waist, legs
and arms, was almost torn from her stance.
She threw herself onto her back, flashed
her ray upward and laughed hysterically in-
side her helmet as she saw the round black
spots that were her enemies break into
clouds of disintegrated matter.

  She lay tangled in the matted threads and
felt the ship siioping from underneath her.
She hurried forward on hands and knees,
clutched a cleat, thrust her arm under it to
the elbow. Almost simultaneously the Non-
pareil nosed upward and, with a final flip of
its stern, drew itself clear of its bonds.
THE DISC-MEN OF JUPITER

89

MBELOW she could see the vast spread of
** the giant disc. On its surface glowed,
not one, but a dozen spots, their rays stab-
bing, ton late, after the escaping craft. Break-
ing away from the edges came whole genera-
tions of spinning pursuers, shooting their
tendrils after the fugitive. The Nonpareil
gathered speed, left them behind Lying on
the slanted surface of the hull, she felt her
weight grew apparently much greater. She
dropped her ray-gun, wound both arms
around the cleat, and prayed for strength
to maintain her hold.

  In years to come she was to remember as
in a nightmare how the disc-creatures fell
away, grew smaller and dimmer, until they
were swallowed in the butter-colored fog;
how the light below grew fainter and the
light above grew brighter: how at last the
mists thinned away and she cleared her
vision to see that they were in free space,
with the sun at an angle overhead and the
blessed stars sprinkled over a sky as black
as a velvet cloak.

  Still she clung, while the cold of space
crept in to banish the stuffy heat of inner
Jupiter. She felt lighter, too. and more sure
of herself. Soon she would attempt to crawl
to that nearest lock panel and tap for ad-
mission.

  But the panel slid open. A helmeted head
came into view and turned its glass front
toward her. Then two gloved hands reached
out She felt them on her shoulders. And
now she seemed to grow light indeed, as light
as thistledown, so that she would float away
but for those strong hands that held her.

Things grew dim, then black, before her eyes.
She slid into silent oblivion.

  When she awoke she lay on a pallet in
the control room. Bromburg’s face, with
brows furrowed in concern, bent close to
hers. Over his shoulders she could see Du-
velskoe at the keyboard, the pieces of her
space suit scattered on the floor, all the
familiar instruments and furnishings of the
compartment. An arm was under her head—
Bromburg's.

  She reached up a finger and touched his
cheek. His flesh was firm and comforting
to feel.

  "Situation well in hand?” he said, then
smiled when she nodded.

  “You were wonderful,” he told her. “Could
either of us have done more? I think not.”

  "It was downright heroic,” put in Duvel-
skoe.

  "I had to do it” said Thiana. "I’d dragged
you into such an awful mess, it was up to
me to get you out of it. Now do you think
well of me at last?”

 “Think well of you? I never thought
otherwise.”

  “Really?” She touched his cheek again,
letting her hand linger in a caress. He
turned his head and kissed it.

  "Do we—love each other?” she asked al-
most timidly.

 He did not answer, but Duvelskoe saw
their faces draw together. Quickly the lieu-
tenant turned to study the chart on the table
across the room, where the indicator pointed
toward the red spark that was Mars and,
beyond that, the dot that was Earth.

The important part of that “heavy water” plays in the Fife processes
of ail living creatures is the basis of a fascinating and
scientifically stimulating masterpiece of fiction—

THE LIFE DETOUR

By

DAVID H. KELLER

NEXT ISSUE'S SCIENTIFICTION HALL OF FAME STORY!
Coin; before the Arbiter, President Doyle called the matter of atomic power to the machine's attention

THE ARBITER

By JOHN RUSSELL LEARN

     The thing was of metal—but it walked and thought like a
     man, ar.d was a grim object of deadly peril and menace!

THE year of 2016—and peace. . .	man. Slim, wiry, with gray hair swept back

The wreckage of past ages of barbar-	from an expansive brow, there was little to

ism had been cleared away. All over	stamp him as extraordinary, unless it was

the Earth stood flawless cities. The peoples	the resolute tightness of his lips or the

had nothing to complain of. They lived in a	squareness of his chin. Here was a man who

tempered, happy world of smoothly working	reasoned, decided, and then acted,

machines and vast foolproof control panels.	He had accomplished all that he had set

But in this there perhaps lay the seeds of	out to do and molded the world afresh,

danger.	It gave him pleasure to sit as he was now,

Selby Doyle, President of the Earth, voted	in the dim half light of the lowering night,

into office by common consent, was a shrewd	his chair tilted back on its hind legs, his

90
THE ARBITER	91

gray eyes gazing on the lights of Major City
as they sprang automatically into being at
the scheduled times. The lower lights first,
then the higher ones, as the tide of day ebbed
from the deeper walks.

  Presently'he glanced round as the warning
light on his great desk proclaimed some-
body's approach. Instantly he was the chief
magistrate—self-possessed, ready for his
visitor. He closed the switches which filled
the room with an intense yet restful bril-
liance.

  The automatic door opened. Doyle sat
looking at the tall man who crossed the
threshold. Vincent Carfax, chairman of the
Committee for Public Welfare, inclined his
bald head in greeting.

  ‘‘Your excellency!” he acknowledged, and
stepped forward to shake hands.

  Doyle waved him to a chair. Carfax was
an inhuman index of a man who carried
endless statistics in his agile brain. Poker-
faced. emaciated as a skeleton, it was his
proud boast that he had never been known
to smile.

   "You will overlook the lateness of the hour.
Mr. President?” he asked at length, in his
precise voice.

  “I was about to leave,” Doyle answered.
“However, only an important matter could
bring you here, Carfax. What is it?”

   “Unrest.”

   “Unrest?” President Doyle raised his eye-
brows. “Unrest in Major City? My dear
fellow!"

  “Unrest!” Carfax insisted. “I have
suspected it for a long time, but I’ve re-
frained from bringing it to your notice until
I was absolutely certain. Now I have con-
clusive evidence. Major City is resting on
quicksand, your excellency.”

■^OYLE pondered for a moment. “Tell me
    about it,” he invited.

  “The facts are plain,” Carfax answered
slowly. “The reaction of perfect security
after many years spent in wars and struggle
is going directly against the adaptive strain
Nature builds up. I have had the First in
Biology check on that. The human body and
mind, keyed to every emergency, had until
recently something it could grapple with.
Now there is nothing but perfection. The
mind has of necessity to find a new form of
excitation in order to maintain its equili-
brium. Do I make it clear?”

  “I provided science for the people,”
President Doyle said quietly. “Is not that
exciting enough?"

   “Science, sir, is for the chosen few. Men
Buch as you and I, and all the other master-
brains who have brought this sublime state
into being, are different. Call them geniuses
If you will. At least they do not represent

the masses. I have been forced to the un-
pleasant realization that very few minds are
adapted to scientific study. Just as in the
pre-Wars Era a man accepted the electric
light for what it is without involving him-
self in the electronic processes embodied in
it. so today there is that same aspect of
laziness and torpor—and there, Mr. Presi- ,
dent, lie the seeds of unrest and mischief.”
Doyle smiled. “It can be stopped. The
Congress has the power.”

  “This goes deeper than you realize,”
Carfax said, shaking his bald head, "It is not
confined to Major City. It exists nearly
everywhere. So much so I felt it my duty
to warn you. If this unrest is not quelled it
means—back to war!”

  The Chief Executive was silent.

  “There is a way.” Carfax said presently.
  "There is?"

  ‘‘It is becoming increasingly clear that
the Last War did not entirely kill the belief
in men's minds that force of arms is the only
sure way to Right. The element of unrest now
present will grow rapidly. At the moment it
takes the form of vicious words. It would
like to build up a barrier against all things
scientific and tear down the perfect structure
we have created. But I say—if I may—that
the close of the Last War really did end war
for ever!”

  “Perhaps." The President smiled grayly.
“Listen," Carfax resumed, tapping his
finger emphatically on the desk. "We must
forever outlaw war as a disease. Until now
Man has not had sufficient power at his dis-
posal—scientific power that is—to make his
dreams come true. The earlier men tried it
with pacts, treaties, and leagues of nations—
and they all came to grief—because there
was no science back of them.”

  “And now?”

  “Now, with tremendous scientific re-
sources at our command, we can make a
stand against this eternal enemy of progress,
destroy it while it is still young." Carfax
hesitated briefly and looked apologetic.
“What I am about to say. your Excellency,
may make it appear I am teaching you your
business. You will forgive that?”

  Doyle shrugged. “Only a fool refuses to
learn. Continue.”

  “Many years ago men adopted the principle
of arbitration." Carfax resumed. "They were
enlightened enough, in civil matters at least,
to place any matter of dispute, particularly
in instances of capital and labor, before a
council usually composed of three experts.
That council was vested with complete
power to say “Yes” or "No” upon the point
at issue. Thus matters were arbitrated.
Endeavors were made, futilely enough, to
devise an arbitration scheme between na-
tions.
92	STARTLING STORIES

  “The principle of arbitration relied on the
good faith of nations to seek arbitration, but
lost in a welter of power politics and over-
come with greed, backed by terrific man
power and armaments, wars followed wars.
Arbitration was ignored. But, sir, the idea
was not lost. Why cannot a new arbiter
arise? Not a man, not three men—but twelve!
In olden times a jury was usually composed
of twelve men and women. So in respect to
that judicial tradition let it still be twelve.
Twelve—to arbitrate!"

  President Doyle sighed a little. “An excel-
lent idea, old friend. But what twelve men
or women, however competent, would be
accepted by the masses as sole judges?"

  "There comes the difference!” the Statisti-
cian said calmly. “I have been investigating
on my own account. Ever since this unrest
began I have pondered the idea of an
Arbiter. I have interviewed, at great length,
twelve men, each one of them equipped with
the finest brain in the world for his partic-
ular sphere. The twelve major sciences of
present day civilization can each have a
master at the head. Yes. I have talked with
them. Each one of them has foreseen as we
have the grim fate that awaits mankind if
unrest is allowed to prevail. Now I have
their assurance, once the word is made law-
ful by you, that each one of them is pre-
pared to sacrifice his life for the particular
science he controls in order that the future
of mankind may be assured.”

»OYLE sat bolt upright. “Sacrifice his
life!” he cried. “What on earth do you
mean, man? Why should they?"

  “Because there can be no other way to
make a true Arbiter!”

  The President got to his feet, stood by the
window with his hands clasped behind him.
“Go on.” he said, lost in thought.

  “Twelve brains will be pooled for the com-
mon good," Carfax explained. “Twelve
brains will work in unison to provide a com-
mon answer, and a just one, for every
conceivable difficulty in every walk of life.
Twelve brains, functioning ns one unit, will
be the judge of humanity’s future actions and
set discord at naught.”

  “Even brains die," President Doyle pointed
out. turning. "It is only putting off the vital
issue for a short period. When the brains die
the old trouble will be back. This is just—
just a temporary panacea, making things
comfortable for the present age. What of pos-
terity, Carfax? That is the problem we must
consider.”

  “The brains will never die!” the Statisti-
cian said, and at Doyle’s look of astonishment
he was tempted to smile. But remembering
his one boast he didn’t

  “I said we could outlaw unrest and war

forever, Mr. President. This is no hasty
plan. I have conferred with Gascoyne, the
First in Anatomy. He says the plan I have
devised is feasible. Did it ever occur to you
what a poor instrument the brain is for the
interpretation of thought?”

  “Often. What of it?"

  “Gascoyne has asked himself that question
long enough to find an answer. We of this
age know science agrees that thought is
everywhere, that it is expressed in greater
or lesser degree according to the quality of
the ‘receiver’ or brain interpreting it.
According to Gascoyne a brain is basically an
electric machine—a radio receiver, if you
wish it In proportion to its quality it
absorbs and uses the ideas of all-pervading
mind and expresses ideas clearly or badly
through the medium of a physical body,
which in itself is an expression of mind-
force."

  Doyle was clearly interested now. A faint,
unaccustomed flush of pleasure stole into
Carfax's pallid cheeks.

  "Since, then, mind contains the quintes-
sence of every known science,” he went on,
“certain brains—or receivers—are better
fitted than others, and can be completely
duplicated in a mechanical, imperishable
mould! Every convolution of a brain, every
neuron, every synaptic resistance, can be
imitated just as surely as in old days an im-
pression could be taken of a man's gums for
the fitting of false dentures, It can be done
just as surely as the artificial leg of today
has false muscles.”

  President Doyle came back to the desk and
stood waiting.

  "With your sanction," Carfax finished
slowly, “I propose to model twelve synthetic,
imperishable brains on the exact convolu-
tions and measurements belonging to these
twelve scientists. It will be done in the
fashion of taking a death-mask. The image
of the face at death remains in the mask
forever. In this case the mechanical brains
will be modeled over the real ones, dupli-
cating them in every detail. When this has
been done, the mechanical equivalent will
take over from the natural organ, probably
with even better results because it will be
devoid of the inevitable clogging of'human
construction. The real brain will shrivel
and die afterwards, leaving the mechanical
image.

  “Once the operation is complete these
mechanical brains will be linked together,
will go on gaming knowledge with a speed
compatible with that of an ordinary brain
if it were permitted to five for eternity.
That is how the Arbiter will become inde-
structible and a paragon of justice for all
mankind.”

  Doyle thought then shook his head.
THE ARBITER	93

  “Even though I am the elected executive
of all Earth, Carfax, I am still human.
Twelve men to die if I give the word—it is
unthinkable!”

  The Statistician got to his feet, his pale
face adamant.

  "As the Chief Magistrate, Doyle, you have,
to a certain extent, to be devoid of emotion.
You spoke of posterity. Posterity can be
assured by your word—now. And remember,
the twelve will give their lives voluntarily.
Think of the thousands of scientists in the
past who have given their lives willingly
for a less cause."

  “But the decision to slay twelve did not
rest with one man,” President Doyle pointed
out. Then he turned impatiently. “Carfax,
don’t misunderstand me. I see the value of
your idea. I appreciate the great lengths you
must have been to, to get the plan worked,
but it would be better if the decision did not
rest so completely with me!”

CARFAX shrugged. “The facts are plain
enough,” he said quietly. “The personal
brain power of the twelve best men will be
pooled. Twelve will die, in order that thou-
sands to come may live in peace!”

  After a brief silence Doyle began to hedge
with vague desperation. He drummed his
fingers on the desk. There was an inhuman
persuasion in Carfax's cold, emotionless
voice.

  “What guarantee have we that opposing
factions will consult the Arbiter in any
case?”

  “We have the guarantee of twelve im-
perishable brains in a mobile machine—a
machine controlled by thought waves react-
ing on special mechanisms. In the event of
two opposing factions, the Arbiter will cut
off all possible means that might lead to force
between the parties concerned. Compulsory
arbitration will come into being. It’s that—
or decay!”

  “It is ruling by force,” Doyle muttered.
“Our present method is by votes.”

  “It is common sense! All other scientists
are strongly in favor of the plan. I con-
vinced them of its value. That leaves only
your sanction.”

  “Not immediately, my friend. I must
think.” The President pressed a hand to his
forehead. “Leave me for a while. I must
talk with Gascoyne first. I’ll acquaint you
with my decision later.”

  As something apart he heard the soft
click of the door as Carfax went. . .

  Even after he had heard Rolf Gascoyne’s
fuDy detailed surgical description of the idea
of the Arbiter, it took President Doyle
several more days of deliberation before he
finally gave his consent to the project. And
he did it then only when he was assured of

the willingness of the twelve men concerned
to sacrifice themselves in order that posterity
might have an assured peace.

  So he gave the order—and with the twelve
men and Gascoyne he shut himself away
from city affairs for a while in the surgical
laboratories.

  He answered no calls except those which
demanded his personal attention, leaving
everything else to Carfax, his deputy.

  From then on Doyle watched activity in a
field which was unfamiliar to him. lie saw
the twelve human beings go willingly under
the anaesthetic. He saw the brains, still
living, being fed by synthetic bloodstream
and artificial heart. Then, under orders from
Gascoyne, the first brain was duly imprisoned
within a soft mould of ductile metal.

  Atom by atom, molecule by molecule,
under the control of instruments so sensitive
that light-vibration disturbed them, metallic
moulds were set up. fitted into place by
slender rods of force timed to a split
thousandth of a second, the slightest error in
which would have meant utter failure.

  But there was no error. Gascoyne saw to
that. He was coldly efficient, intolerant of
mistakes. The controlling forces made no
slip. They had no human qualities in them
to err.

  Day after day the scientists worked on.
From time to time Doyle received disquieting
reports from Carfax concerning the rapid
increase of unrest amongst the unscientific
populace. He handed the information on to
Gascoyne who promptly made a speed-up
all round.

  In a month the first brain was complete.
The dried shell of the dead brain was
removed and the mechanical counterpart,
deadly precise in its way of reasoning, came
into being. The actual entity of Unwin
Slater, First in Mathematics, had vanished
and given place to the computations of Brain
Unit No. L

  Thereafter it was not difficult Assured
now of success in the operation, Doyle felt
a little more easy in mind—and the experts
worked steadily on. Brain after brain was
linked up, until at the end of three months
the transference was complete. The knowl-
edge of each was unified to the other by
delicate vibratory wires, and thence carried
back to a central brain pan—in truth a
contrivance of machinery of profound com-
plexity, reactive only to the thoughts of
twelve combined brains.

  Gascoyne had been clever here. Without
twelve brains in unity the machinery would
not function, and since this seat of all motiva-
tion and pooled knowledge was protected by
metals of interlocking atoms, the Arbiter
was absolutely foolproof. In fact, the more
the atoms of the housing metal continued
94

STARTLING STORIES

to disorganize, the more impossible it would
be to break down.

AN OCTOBER 9, 2016, the Arbiter became
visible in public for the first time. In
appearance it resembled a great circle of
metal about fifty feet wide, studded at
regular intervals round the edge with un-
breakable domes which sheathed the metal-
lic brains inside. The wires, protected by
similar armor, led directly to the circle’s
center wherein stood the' governing mach-
ine-unit. For locomotion the thing possessed
skillfully jointed metal legs, perfectly bal-
ancing the circle of metal they carried. In
many ways the Arbiter resembled an enor-
mous wheel studded with twelve nodules
and supplied with feet.

  In response to public demand, after
Doyle’s initial introduction of it and outline
of its purpose, it gave a brief speech, world-
relayed. Its thought waves, passing into
photoelectric devices, which in turn forced
air through replicas of human vocal cords,
produced a voice that was completely im-
partial and yet arresting,

  “People of the world, you are asked to
 forget that this contrivance is the carrier of
 twelve brains,” the great machine snid.V'R
 is a unity, a single unity with a tweWe-rold
 purpose. That purpose is peace on earth and
 goodwill towards men. To that end I. the
 Arbiter, will work. Let any man or woman
 who thinks of transgressing the peace pause
 now and think! The Arbiter stands ready!”
 Thereafter the Arbiter was allowed com-
 plete liberty. It was entirely self-contained,
 sleepless. It moved as it chose, but usually
 stayed pretty close to Major City.

   Its first decisive action was to subdue to a
 considerable extent the activities of the
 restive ones. With an uncanny sense of
 deduction it unearthed a plot whereby a
 thousand unscientific insurgents were plot-
 ting to seize a territory between Major City
 and its nearest neighbor one hundred miles
 away. The insurgents had hoped to estab-
 lish a colony for themselves. Had they
 succeeded they would undoubtedly have been
 the first to break the unity of a great world-
 wide nation in which all class distinction
 and creed had been leveled into one brother-
 hood.

   But the Arbiter sifted the rebels’ plans
 from top to bottom, and since in this case
 there was no question of arbitration between
 parties the mechanical judge took the next
 most effective step.

   One by one the entire thousand met death,
 ruthlessly, inexplicably—but certainly. The
 scientists became a little worried. That the
 first act of the Arbiter should be to slay
 without question was something of a shock.

   If it did nothing else, the action at least

 quelled all the other restive spirits. They
 turned in increasing numbers to scientific
 study, finding an unexpected pleasure in the
 struggle to wrest the ultimate secrets from
 Nature.

   Thereafter, for a year, the Arbiter had little
 of importance to do. It sorted out minor
 disputes vfrith calm, emotionless words and
 its decision was implicitly obeyed. President
 Selby Doyle felt satisfied. His first fears had
 vanished. The Arbiter was a panacea after
 all. Then came the affair of Grenson, the
 physicist.

  Grenson. a young and ardent man of the
 New Era, was sure that he had discovered
 the real meaning of an electron’s wave and
 particle motion. Working alone in his labor-
 atory he knew that he was on the verge of
 probing the long sought for secret of power
 from the atom.

  Immediately, he went to the President,
 stood at the desk and looked for the fust
 time upon the quiet, calm personage who
 ruled the world.

  “Sit down, young man," Doyle invited at
 last, eying his visitor steadily and inwardly
 deciding that he liked him. “Sit down and
 give me the full details.’’

  Grenson gathered his courage. President
 Doyle snapped a recording switch then he sat
 back to listen to the rush of eager, excited
 phrases. For fifteen minutes Grenson held
 forth on the possibilities of his invention,
 still theoretical, and through it all the Chief
 Executive sat in silence, linking up the points
 in his keen mind, fitting together postulation
 with postulation, bringing his own far-reach-
 ing knowledge to bear on the subject.

  At last Grenson became silent, flushed
 with his own energies.

  Doyle gave him an encouraging smile.
“In theory, young man, I should say your
scheme is feasible. If so, you may be sure
that Major City will fully reward you. But
first we must have advice in this very
specialized field.” He pressed the switch of
his intercom. “Send in the First in Physics,”
he ordered.

K'OR ten minutes President and worker
*• sat in silence, the young man looking
round the great office and Doyle busy at his
desk. Then Horley Dodd, the First in
Physics, arrived—a sharp-nosed, scrub-
headed man with thick-lensed eyeglasses.

  “You want me, sir?” His tone was by no
 means pleasant.

  “Yes, Dodd, I do. This young man here,
 if his theory is as good as it sounds, has the
 secret of atomic power. Just listen to the
 playback of his exposition."

  President Doyle flicked a button. There
 was silence as Grenson’s eager voice came
 forth from the audiograph. The First in
THE ARBITER	95

Physics stood with his hands locked behind
him, biting his lower lip and staring up at
the ceiling. The voice ceased at last. An
automatic switch started the sound track
ribbon reeling back to the start again.

  "Well?” the President asked, leaning back
in his chair.

  “Frankly, I’d say it’s impossible!" Dodd
said briefly. "It is at best a mere theory, and
as such does not advance us one iota beyond
what we already know.”

  “That is a very narrow viewpoint,” the
President observed.

  Dodd’s sharp little eyes sparked defiance.
“It’s the only viewpoint, your Excellency."

  "But, sir, I have it all worked out!” Gren-
son sprang to his feet earnestly. “Naturally,
I am a man of only moderate means. I can-
not afford the costly apparatus necessary to
prove my idea. That is why I brought the
scheme to the President. Now you say it’s
no good ”

  “You had no right to bring it here!” Dodd
snapped.

  “He had every right,” the President said.
''What is more, Dodd, I have neither time nor
patience for this unseemly wrangling.” He
got to his feet decisively. "We have the
Arbiter to decide such things for us. Come
into the laboratory, both of you.”

  He preceded the pair to a sealed interdoor
and opened it. They passed within to the
monster of legs and nodules occupying the
center of the floor.

  “Arbiter, a question arises,” President
Doyle stated quietly, stopping before the
thing’s sensitive pickup. “Is the theory of
atomic force about to be given to you practi-
cal—or not?” He turned aside and switched
on a relay of Grenson’s voice-record. Again
that silence and Grenson stood with his gaze
uncertainly watching the glittering monster
that was to determine his life’s ideal.

   After long thought at the close of the expo-
sition the Arbiter spoke.

  “The theory of Grenson is not practicable!
The secret of atomic power will never be
found because the very nature of the atom
makes it impossible. The judgment is
awarded to Horley Dodd.”

  The First in Physics smiled acidly and
glanced at the President. Doyle was stroking
his chin slowly. Then he turned to the dazed
Grenson and patted him gently on the
shoulder.

  “I am sorry, my boy—I really am. I did
feel that you had something, but the Arbiter
cannot be wrong. The decision is final.”

  “Final!” Grenson shouted. “Do you think
I am going to take the opinion of a thing like
this—this Arbiter? Do you think I shall
give up a theory because a few canned brains
say so? Not on my life! I’m going on, and
on. Yes, I’ll make the money somehow to

prove my idea.”

  He swung round, red-faced with anger,
and vanished through the doorway. Doyle
watched him go, then shrugged.

  "You’re too sentimental, Mr. President,”
Dodd said brusquely. “You allow too many
of these crack-brained theorists to take ad-
vantage of you. He has the wrong idea
entirely. What he and his sort need is con-
trol, not encouragement.”

   "As long as I am Chief Magistrate I shall
make my own decisions," Doyle answered
quietly. “I shall not need to detain you any
longer, Dodd. Thank you for coming.”

   The scientist went out and President Doyle
returned slowly into his own office, stood by
the desk, thinking. That young man had had
a great idea, and somehow he was convinced
it should have been tested.

  It was towards evening when the private
wire buzzed. Doyle took up the receiver and
Vincent Carfax's lean, cold visage came onto
the screen.

  “Your Excellency, I understand from my
agents that you had a young man to see you
today? Chap named Grenson? And that
the decision of the Arbiter went against
him?"

   "Correct.”

   “He died at five thirty this afternoon! He
was slain by mind-force from the Arbiter.
I thought it would interest you."

DOYLE stared at the screen fixedly. “You
are sure?”

  "I never make mistakes,” Carfax answered
dispassionately. “I don't like it, this con-
tinued display of force!”

  "No. Neither do I!”

   President Doyle cut off. his jaw set with
uncommon hardness. He got to his feet and
walked into the adjoining laboratory, stood
staring at the metal monster. Even as he
stood making his survey he could sense the
inhuman aura the thing radiated.

  “Arbiter, you slew without provocation!”
he snapped suddenly. "Why? I demand to
know. You told Grenson he was wrong, but
what need was there to murder him as well?”
‘That question is outside your province.
You are the President, yes, but you had me
created for the undisputed adjudication of
all matters capable of argument, for the
carrying out of these adjudications after-
wards. The only way to prevent a continued
disobedience of commands is to kill! Gren-
son. in spite of my decision, was determined
to work in spite of me. So he died. So it
must always be with those who are defiant.
Otherwise, the purpose of the Arbiter is lost.”
"But it’s barbarism!" President Doyle
cried hoarsely. “The very thing I believed
you’d stop!”

  “I am not answerable to anybody for what
96	STARTLING STORIES

I believe or think," the Arbiter answered
implacably.

  “But suppose young Grenson had been
right? Suppose he had touched the verge
of unlocking atomic power? Think what it
could have meant to us. We need that power.
Earth's stores of petroleum, coal, and cer-
tain metals cannot last much longer. Sup-
plies were drained to the uttermost in
building and equipping the cities. Atomic
power would solve many things at one bound.
Even the correct transmutation of elements,
a secret we desperately need to find. At the
least you could have let Grenson go on
experimenting.”

  ■‘Not in face of my decision. I acted as I
saw best. So far as I am concerned the
matter is finished.”

  Doyle hesitated, staring at the thing bit-
terly, then with clenched fists he went slowly
from the laboratory. Somewhere, he knew,
something was wrong. The treasured plans
for security had gone utterly awry.

  Very gradually it was forced on the ad-
herants of scientific progress that the Arbiter
was anything but what it was intended to be.
Science became divided into two camps—
the strugglers and the opposers, with Dodd
as chief of the opposers.

  Dodd, though a scientist, firmly believed
in the inaccessibility of Nature's inner
secrets, and had neither vision nor tolerance.
He was too content to accept science for what
it was rather than for what it might become.
In that very fact lay the seed of disaster.
The camp of. Science, divided against itself,
began to show signs of decay.

  Time and again the Arbiter was called in,
and every time the verdict went to Horley
Dodd and his party. Baffled, sickened by the
obvious breakdown in the scheme for uni-
versal peace, President Selby Doyle's grip
on things commenced to weaken. Already
worn out with the cares of office, to which
had been added crushing disappointment, the
illness which preceded his demise was brief.

  Officials were present round his death bed
—but officials were all they were, men who
had served him because it had been their
duty to serve. To the dying President there
was only one face which represented loyalty
and friendship, and it belonged to Vincent
Carfax.

  “Carfax, you must be President,” Doyle
whispered. “As—as it is my final wish, you
will be chosen. All around this bed are the
men who will elect you. I have their promise.

I think that I have—have been too lenient,
but no such emotions will trouble you, Car-
fax. You are younger. You are an expert
scientist. You must defeat this Arbiter, my
friend. Find out why it has turned traitor!
You promise?”

  “I promise.” Carfax answered.

  President Doyle relaxed and smiled. It was
a smile that remained fixed. The President
of the Earth was dead.

  An hour later the assembled scientists, all
of them leaders on the side of the Strugglers,
filed into the main office to face their new
President. They found Carfax at the great
desk, coldly silent. He waited until the
group was fully assembled, surveyed them,
then got to his feet.

  “Gentlemen, for seven years now we have
been chained hand and foot by an invention
of our own making—a metal dictator—and it
has betrayed as. We don't know why, yet
—but we do know that unless we defy this
Arbiter, or find forces which can destroy it,
we are a doomed people.”

d^ASCOYNE shook his head. “We cannot
^ destroy it—at least not in the light of
present scientific knowledge," he said seri-
ously. "We made the thing of a metal whose
atoms interlock, remember. It is sealed for-
ever. We made it foolproof—and to what
end?”

  "It is in our own hands to determine the
end,” President Carfax retorted. “Unless we
act, we’re finished. It is the very law of the
Universe that there must be progress. Every
day now brings us up against new difficulties.
Sources of power are running low. New
sources, intended for us by Nature, are
barred because the brains that would develop
them are prevented by this twelve-brained
monstrosity. I tell you we must defeat it!”

  Assured that he might be able to succeed,
President Carfax went to work to prove his
words. The strugglers began anew the
experiments which had been truncated by
the death of Grenson.

  They worked to within an ace of solving
the secret of atomic power. Carfax himself
got far enough to extract a terrific amount of
energy from a cube of copper. From in-
credibly small pieces of highly conductive
metal he built up a model power plant which,
on a giant scale, would replace the already
sadly worn electric equipment from which
the cities derived their light and power.

  The other scientists explored different
realms. Some reasoned out new methods of
synthesis by which the fast waning supplies
of oil and coal could be replaced. Another
was convinced that he had transmutation of
metals in his grip, with which the cities could
be repaired as time went on. Yet another
saw his chance of harnessing the waste
energy of the sun.

  By degrees, under Carfax's fine leadership,
the determined scientists began to lay plans
for the foundation of real Utopia.

  Then the Arbiter struck! In a public speech
it declared that the discoveries claimed by
President Vincent Carfax and his colleagues
THE ARBITER	97

were nothing better than fancy. The Arbiter
took sides with the Opposers and launched
a small but savagely effective massacre
against the Strugglers. In three days of
desperate skirmish and slaughter Carfax and
his followers were wiped out. Horley Dodd,
leader of the Opposers, was killed too. Not
that it signified much. The Opposers were
now in complete control, backed always by
the impartial Arbiter.

  Languid with victory, the Opposers lazily
repaired the damage and then sat back to
enjoy the comforts which Vincent Carfax
had sworn were coming to an end. Apathy
set in, bom of lack of anything to accomplish.
Even the Arbiter had nothing left to judge.
The final vanquishment had shown to the
Opposers that progress was a form of disease
and entirely unnecessary. Better to relax
and enjoy the fruits of labor.

  The year 2018 passed away and was fol-
lowed by a gap of somnolent, drifting years
until 2030. Nothing had been accomplished,
nothing done. Life was one grand bliss of
effortless satisfaction. The pioneers were
lost in the mists of memory. Science, as an
art, had ceased to be.

 2030—2050—2070—and the Arbiter was
Still in faultless condition. Indeed it had been
made indestructible.

  Men and women died, children were bom
in limited numbers, grew up, each one know-
ing less of science than those before them.
Astronomy, physics, mathematics? They
were things the ancients had studied, said the
history records. Somewhere in the smeared
archives was the name of Selby Doyle.

  Then in 2070 came the first warnings of
the trouble Carfax had forseen. The weather-
controlling machinery broke down, its central
bearings worn out from continued inatten-
tion. In consequence the weather suddenly
reverted to its former unreliable state and
deluged whole continents of synthetic crops,
destroyed a world’s food supply for a year.

  Hurricanes tore across the world. Cities
which were slowly eroding through continued
lack of repaii- eroded still more. That gray
metal, so shiny at first, was cracking now,
flaking under the continued onslaught of the
elements.

 A nervous flurry passed through the
people. For the first time they were really
alarmed. They rushed to the weather con-
trolling station but could only stare help-
lessly at silent, useless machinery. Knowl-
edge was dead.

  This was not all. Trouble came thick and
fast With the failure of the crops, animals
began to die off. The machines that tended
them only functioned so long as they received
—from still other machines—steady supplies
of crops, specially developed for cattle con-
sumption. When the supply stopped the

machines stopped too, and nobody knew what
to do about it

rB'HE seed of disaster flourished with ter-

*	rific speed, burst the foundations of the
formerly calm cities and upset the tran-
quillity of the pleasure-softened people. The
collapse of the weather machinery presaged
the overture to the end. Blinding cataracts
of rain seeped through corroded roofs, the
water short-circuiting the vital power and
light machinery, already at breaking point
through wear and tear.

  Light and power failed in each city simul-
taneously. Famine reared over a disturbed,
turmoiled world gut about with scurrying
clouds. In desperation the people turned to
the Arbiter, their leader.

  But the Arbiter did nothing! It ignored
the wild pleas hurled at it marched out of
the insecure laboratory that was its home
and departed into the storm-lashed country.
In the hour of need it had deserted them.

  Panic seized the people at the realization.
They fled from the cities, whither they knew
not floundered in a mad exodus seeking food
that was not there, cursing aloud to the
heavens because synthesis had destroyed all
natural growth and cultivation. Specializa-
tion had been proved a tragedy. Escape from
a world which was too perfect became an
obsession.

  Gradually, inevitably, it was forced upon
the people in those hours of mad struggle
and desperation that they were face to face
with certain extinction.

 2080. Panic and struggle had gone. A
strange calm was on the world. Cities,
crumbled through disuse, ravaged by tempest
and flood, poked blind, inquisitive spires to
cleared skies. The sun crossed a sky which
was, in the main, peaceful again. Climate
had adjusted back to its normal vagaries.

  But the soft winds of spring, the hot sun
of summer, the cool chill of the fall, and the
heavy snows of winter fell on bones that
were scattered, white and forgotten, across
Earth’s face. Alone in this world of empti-
ness, where natural grass and trees were
trying once more to struggle through, there
moved a cumbersome affair of metal, still
cold and impartial, inhuman and relentless.
It climbed mountains, it prowled plains, it
searched the ruins of cities, it brooded alone.
The Arbiter.

  3000 A.D. 3020 A.D. Then the Venusians
came.

  They were strange, birdlike creatures,
masters of space travel, lords of their own
peculiar science. They came not as con-
querors but with the intention of making
friends with the third-world people. Their
amazement was complete when they could
not find a soul alive.
08

STARTLING STORIES

  Then eventually they found the Arbiter.
With their superior science they analyzed it,
probed its deepest secrets, broke open the
supposedly impregnable sheathing by four-
dimensional tools.

THE Venusians remained on Earth for

*	several days while the leading scientist,
Cor Santu, pondered over the curious mys-
tery of a lost race. From studying the dis-
sembled Arbiter and the still remaining rec-
ords of human events, transcribed by the
Leader of Languages, he built up an explana-
tion of the problem.

  “Poor earthly scientists!” was his final
comment. "Brilliant men indeed—bot they
forgot one thing. If a world or people is to
survive it must have progress, even as we
have found in our own experience. Wars
are indeed evil and should be prevented.
But dictators are worse. Right alone can
prevail in the end.

  “Selby Doyle and Vincent Carfax did not
trust to Right, to a Universal mind control
for guidance. No, they invented a machine
of twelve mechanical brains to bring them
peace. Such a device could not solve the
problem. They forgot that a brain, in pro-
gressing, must expand. We have seen that, in
any case, these Earth beings only used a
fifth of their full brain capacity. That, later,
would have developed. But in the machine

they strangled it. Carfax and the surgeon
Gascoyne made these mechanical brains fixed
to what was. at that time, the present! To
the Arbiter it was always the present! Being
rigid metal the imprisoned brains could not
expand, could not go a step beyond the day
of their creation. That is why the Arbiter
destroyed all things that suggested progress,
and also because it feared any sign of
progress would bring its power to an end.
It was just another dictator.

 “Such metal bound brains, living in a
past world, could not visualize anything
progressive. Conservationism gone mad!
From the instant the brains were moulded
of metal they deteriorated. And having no
human sentiment they destroyed without
question. So when the great catastrophe
came the Arbiter was powerless—as power-
less as all the others who had not kept pace
with progress. Nature must progress, or
perish. That is evolution.”

  Thereon Cor Santu ended his observations.
But when his fleet of spaceships soared
through the sunny sky towards fresh worlds
of exploration, there was left behind a
smashed, irreparable mass of melted cogs,
wires, and wheels. It was a rusting monu-
ment to a race that had died—a race that
had fallen prey to laziness and surrendered
its freedom to the ruthless whims of a
machine.

THE ETHER VIBRATES

       (Continued from page 9)

the spaceways, Raymond F. Hass. He may
be a union musician, but apparently the
union doesn't suit him. Or something doesn’t
He should dine on curdled snails and sour
spinach—or perhaps that is just what’s ail-
ing him. As for you, Rick, we're getting
ready to shoot anyone who dares to send
you an English Grammar H. Just stay your
own unspoiled self. We love it.

ZOWIE!

by Robyn le Roy, "A Voice That Sells"

Dear ser:

    Bref furst not re TWS. Feb '47
    Bergey beter'n usual, but unesesare
    Finlay exelent

    Storez agregat good. Lynstr lz sliping
    "PlezOr Age" and SMOI, bnth core lasit morals.

    Lyk’t both.

    ‘‘Cum Horn" hak on ded plot. Fue!

    Uthrz pasable.

Redrspeks—beter'n ever. Kepi tup!

    Thu Nu SS exelent, lifting TWS out uv myr.

    A1 uther—hwy bother?

    Want kontr&verse? Huz got nu filosofe?

Y	hav—and wil expound frum wun paj definishun to
500 paj treetis on reforest. Ene Takrs?
Breftmrf?—Aimrtment 3. 560 South Cedar Street,
Galesburg, Illinois.

   If U want tu hav ur blok nokd awf, Robyn,
just try maling us that tretis.

 Sometimes we pause to ponder the strange
ways of humanity as it passes our desk in
letter form—and from now on we shall be
banging our head agains the wall to our
right, wondering what in hades Robyn's voice
sells? One sure thing—it certainly doesn't
spell. Come back, Sneary, all is forgiven!

HE EXPLAINS HIS INSULTS!

by Ed Farnham

 Dear Sir: I am writing this letter for Uie sole
specific Purpose of explaining just WHY I wrote the
so VERY insuiUng letter to Ye Sarge a few weeks
ago.

  1st:

  The Letter was written for the Sole Purpose of stir-
ring up a rumpus in TEV and TRS, In an effort to put
some LIFE into both. I deliberately insulted Three
Writers and Ye Sarge. I also insulted the Author of
the latest C. Future.

  2nd:

  Since it is apparent that The Letter is not to see
print. I am writing THIS to APOLOGIZE TO ALL
CONCERNED, as it is my desire to correct, if possible,
the IMPRESSION which I know my last letter created.
To wit: That I, Ed Famham. am one dyed-in-the-
wool. pure-bred SKONK.

  3rd:

  I would like to offer my most sincere, deeply humble
and repentent apologies, and to herein ask your for-
giveness for THAT LETTER, for the reasons stated
above.
THE ETHER VIBRATES	99

  Thrilling Wonder Stories and Startling Stories have
always been, are now and always will be, the Best
in their field. HOWEVER: I reserve the Right tn
Find Fault when and where I see fit. doing so ONLY
when and where I feel justified.

  Trusting that you—among others—will for this once
grant me a Full Pardon, and assuring you of con-
tinued support—1139 East 44th Street, Chicago IS,
Illinois.

  Since your editor honestly has no memory
of the alleged insult, he is a trifle baffled by
the above. Whom else could you have of-
fended, Ed? Come on and let us in on it—
especially since your most prodigious insults
bounced merrily off this leathery editorial
hide into the waste basket.

ORCHIDS AND ONIONS

by Gerry T. Crane

  Dear Editor: 1 have two orchids and two onions
for you. also a query. The query first.

  Are you and your mate of TWS the same person?
  Now for the orchids.

  (X.) I love Kuttncr, Hammond. Hamilton. Leinster.
Please continue.

  (2.) Thanks for abolishing your one dark spot—
those BEMlins.

  And now the onions.

  (1.) Everyone knows KulUier is Hammond, so why
keep up the doubletalk?

  (2.) Everyone slug- Marchioni and raves over Fin-
lay. Personally I hate Finlay and while I'm not fond
of Marchioni I preler him. Ouch, but this waste-
basket is hard—but 1 still love you.—Albany, New
York.

  Answer to query—yes, oh yes, alas yes!
Thanks for the purty flowers. As for your
Kuttner-Hammond sirloin—if they were the
same (which we are in no sense admitting)
it would make our contents pages look like
the devil to have so many of the same author
present. As for Finlay us. Marchioni—your
taste is your own. but you’re taking your
life into your own big feet. Gerry.

FAVOR FOR A LADY?

by Mrs. Rose La Savio

  Dear Sir: This Is the first time I've written you.
I have a special favor to ask and hope you can help
me out- But first, comments on the January SS.

  THE STAR OF LIFE by Hamilton is pretty good.
But tell me. why did Thayne Marden have to die?
Why couldn't she and Kirk Hammond live happily

ever after—or something like that- Otherwise I liked
it very much.

  TRAVELER'S TALE is okay. However. It should
have been longer and more definite. Why doesn't
WliiUey write a novel for SS? FRIENDS and VENUS
MINES INC. were fair.

  THE DARK WORLD in the July issue by Kuttner
is very much like A, Merritt Merritt had more fan-
tasy in his stories, but Just the same Kuttner is good.

  All of which leads me to my favor. I have had
Merritt's BURN. WITCH, BURN, his THE MOON
POOL and DWELLERS IN THE MIRAGE. But I cnn-
not get hold of CREEP. SHADOW. CREEP. THE FACE
IN THE ABYSS or THE SHIP OF ISHTAR. Do you
know how I can get hold of them. I'd appreciate very
much any help you can give me.-643 Southern Ooule-
vard. Bronx 55, New York.

 Okay—students! Somebody give Mrs. La
Savio the information she needs. All the Ed.
knows is that he had for a time in the sum-
mer of 1945 a reprint pocket sized two-bit

edition of THE FACE IN THE ABYSS
which has since vanished.

 So you want a happy ending on Hamil-
ton's piece? Tsk, tsk! Shame! Besides, who
lives happily ever after—while married at
any rate? It is our impression that such deli-
cate adult adjustments demand a lot more
than fatuous bliss. At any rate, you give
Kuttner a pat on the back—if a faint-hearted
one. Write us again and get your other ear
pinned neatly back.

WHAT’S THE GOOD WARD?

by Rex E. Ward

  Gentlemen: "The Star of Life", by Edmond Hamil-
ton. takes first-place honor: by far in the January
1947 issue. Of course, that is only to be expected
when you see "Edmoud Hamilton" tacked on a story.
Without a doubt. Ed is the best writer in the field—in
my opinion.

  In second place is "Venus Mines. Incorporated", by

Nat Schaclmer 1 Arthur Leo Zagat. I was certainly
glad to see a story in print again by a couple of old-
timers: among the best, too. It definately is worthy

of the publication It received In "Tlio Hall of Fame’.

  "Traveler's Tale", by George Whitley, was an in-
teresting little short. More from this author's type-
writer will be welcome.

  In last place. Is Murray Leinster's "Friends." It
was good, very good. In fact I’d call it a tie with
Whitley's.

  I’m «lad to see Leo Morey back: he always was one
of my favorite artists. By the wav. the cover this
issue was excellent! One of Bergey's best I That
fellow’s good—hang on to him One of the greatest
things you’ve done y«t is to start to uphold him in th«
"Ether Vibrates".

  Also. I’m glad that Murray Leinster's finally doing
a novel for Startling Stories. It’s his first, and I’ll
wager it’ll be his best!

  Here's something for you to mull over for the next
two or three years: Don't forget that In June 192S. the
first issue of Thrilling Wonder Stories appeared on
the stands. That means that in June 1949. it'll be
that magazine's twentieth anniversary! Let’s have
something big then! And the same for Startling in
1949: it'll be Startling's tenth anniversary then Per-
haps the paper shortage will ease up a bit by then, and
we can combine the two magazines In one GIGANTIC
Issue, and really make a hit!—42* Main Street, El
Scgundo, California.

  Thanks for the hoopla, Rex, old bean, but
hold on there and don't let those statistics
drop until we can peruse them with a mag-
nifying lens.

  You are. we discover, correct on Leinster
never before doing a novel for SS and on
the birthdate of this magazine, January. 1939.
But THRILLING WONDER was born in
August. 1936, becoming THRILLING WON-
DER STORIES in February, 1937. It is true
that WONDER STORIES, its sire, saw the
light in June, 1929, but that is another story
and another magazine. The gigantic issue
you speak of sounds like on heck of an edi-
torial head and backache. However, we’ll
see. . . .

RAVIN' FROM SLAVIN

by Rickey Slovin

  Dear Sir: I'm writing this as an apology, both to
myself and Edmond Hamilton- You see. for quite a
while. I was under the misapprehension that his stories
STARTLING STORIES

100

were hack, and not worth reading. I found out my
mistake when I read STAR OF LIFE in the Jan. SS.

  It was great, mainly because It described emotions
and thoughts as I would like to experience them, and
also because there was much truth in what he said.
The catch in the gift of everlasting life has been
written of. and spoken of before, but 1 doubt that
any other writer could have made it hit so near home.

  Evolution and its results have been a hobby of
mine, lor many years. I know that I have no real
education in the field, but I prefer to think what the
effects of accelerated evolution would be. and their
effect on human beings. It does not seem so foolish
as it may sound, but there Is always the thought that
Man may not like to realize that there would be a
time when all his doings have been superseded by a
greatly superior race.	t ,

  Did you warn me that all the pics were to be by
Marchioni? Well, except for the ones for the shorts,
and the Illegible signature of Leo Morey or some-
thing.

  Perusing the letter column. I came across the name
of one of my fellow ESFA members. Lee Budoff. I
never realized that she was a poet, but so are you for
that matter. Where in the seven green-colored moons
of Xanthippe is Joe Kennedy? Chad Oliver and
Sneary had nothing to do with the boredom that came
Immediately I realized that there was no letter from
Joe.

  Hmm. I had to wait till I got a little calmer before
I could think about the cover. If Bergey has to
have scantily-clad females, why doesn’t he include a
note about where we could get those lovely—ummm—
bras, and unmentionables?—3626 Coney Island Ave.,
Bklj/» JO, New York.

 Dear Miss Slavin—My dear Miss Slavin!
Yours is the most unique comment on the
Bergey covers we've yet seen!

IT HAD TO HAPPEN TO US!

by William E. Rose

Raymond Hass has went and said it now I have no
  cause to dread It.

A* I strive to tell in halting rhyme and runes.

For It was a duty civic, to "tell off" in terms specific
This most select and balmy bunch of goons.

As the four that Raymond mentions, and in spite of
good Intentions
They are ready for those comfy padded rooms.

Poor old Gabriels' puerile lootings, bring forth dark
  and mute

Computings, of the gallows and Uie rifle and the ax.
While my blood comes near congealing, at the brassy
Jackass pealing
Of old Chaddy, Rickie Sneary and the "Joke”.

Tell me why. oh, doughty Saturn, do you let this stuff
  so ''Slattern"

Clutter pages of an erstwhile "Solid Book?"

Render Hass should be commended, if you do os he
  Intended,

In assisting dear old Bergey in his work,

Photograph these ardent fellows, with/without their
hot-air bellows
And on the covers of our "Mag" Just let them
smirk!—P. O. Box 430. Beaumont, Texas.

 As the august Gen’ral manager
 Of a Rose more Gray than tan’ger
 Tool Company of Beaumont down in Tex.
 May your backside soon be tender
 As a second-time offender
 For you know just how we treat you
 horse's necks.

 For while one verse submission
 May air out your erudition
 A double dose of verse ain’t bad—it’s
 verse.

  So retract your horrid braying.

 Which in truth is most dismaying
 Before your editor calls out die hearse.

  And while a rose by any name may still
    be quite as red

  We cannot help but feel that this one
    should have stood in bed.

 For some reason we can’t for the life of
us figure out, we seem to wish we could
think of something to rhyme with Mr. Rose’s
last word—Le. SMIRK. Perhaps some of you
can help us out and apply it to him.

WE ATTAIN VARSITY STANDING

by Peter W. Toppan

  Dear Sir: The first sclc-nce-flclion novel I ever read
was a Captain Future story. It was by Bren Sterling.
It was good. Very good. That was three years ago and
I have been reading science fiction ever since. Last
winter I read OUTLAW WORLD, another Captain
Future novel, by Ed Hamilton. It was the most excit-
ing stf story I ever passed my eyes over. I didn't
work, I didn't eat. I didn't sleep until I had finished It.

  I recently read THE SOLAR INVASION by Manly
Wade Wellman, which appeared in the fall issue of
SS. If I had never heard of Captain Future before, 1
would have rated the story ns fair. However, after
the Hamilton yam, it was the most complete letdown
I ever experienced In stf. Wellman leans on the
wonderful characters created by another author to
pull through his weak plot He makes of Cap Future
a characterless superman. Will SS become a maga-
zine which mama reads to her boy of five as he
snuggles comfortably in her lap? I hope not

  The three short stories were all good. Keep It up.
with the accent on Leinster and Hamilton. SS Is
one of the best stf magazines published.—Afattheioa 59,
Harvard Unlcerjity, Cambridpe, Massachusetts.

 As Captain Future and his comrades were
Hamilton’s crcation, there is no question but
that he handled the entire concept better
than anyone else. But during the war there
was, alas, no Hamilton. So Brett Sterling
took over, and did an excellent job until he
too got called up. Manly Wade Wellman's
gain, we thought, carried on the Future tra-
dition nobly—and we’re sorry it disappointed
you.

OFF THE SPACE
by Tom Pace

  Dear Sir: Everything and everyone goes through a
slow evolution; viewpoints, psychologies, likes and dis-
likes. . . .all change with age and experience. And
it is Just such a change in attitude that 1 have re-
cently experienced. Science-fiction isn't Just what
it was to me a couple of years ago. . . .even a year
ago. I blush deeply whenever I read a letter I had
the misfortune to have printed a year or so ago. . .
Anyway, I am trying to live up to the New Era in
stf, as reflected In Sargie's new personality, the sharp
rise In the stf outlook, and a growing public seienre-
consciousness. I’ve noticed that a great many other
fans seem to feel this way now. Change for the bet-
ter......?

  I too knocked Bergey. I *tUI dislike slavering hor-
rors on my stf magazines. But I'm gradually coming
to the decision (fostered by the cover on the Fall
TWS) that Bergey is one of my favorites.

  Who hissed 'Traitor!"

  To the stories. . .Hamilton's lead novel was cer-
tainly In the New Tradition. Much more of this,
and the die-hards who squawk about the Good Old
Days will die of frustration. Well-written, as Is ex-
pected from Hamilton; colorful; and full of that ele-
ment which Hamilton himself, in ''Meet The Author",
calls "Wonder”. To my mind, this element of Won-
der—always with the capital "W’'l—la the basis of all
science-fiction.
THE ETHER VIBRATES	101

  The two short stories are both One, so much so
that Its hard to rat* them. I do believe that Leinster’s
FRIENDS takes cards over Whitley's TRAVELER'S
TALE. . . .by a small margin, very small. Both are
the "new era” type.

  FRIENDS was fascinating in the concept of Twin-
ning. An idea. . .definitely an idea.

  This story, by the way. goes in a certain category
■long with one or two tales by fellows named Theo-
dore Sturgeon. Chan Davis. Anson MacDonald. . . .
Lewis Padgett has written one or two, and so have
Cliff Simak and Robert Heinlein you know the stories
I mean. And the Thing that those stories are talking
about. The Unpleasant Thing.

  The Thing that most people don't talk about because
they can’t visualize It: and those who can don't talk
about it simply because they can visualize it

  I'm glad, at least, that there's a literature based
on the ability to wonder what happens when a plus
b equals the square root of Infinity instead of the com-
monplace c. (How's that Sarge, Campbell, and you
other boys, for a definition of Science-flctlon??)

  I hall with pleasure the future of stf in TWS and
SS More Kuttner. Leinster. Company, eh? Plus a
femme who writes like Leigh Brackett and Sakl?
That. Sarge. I must read.

  And will read.—Brewster, Florida.

  No comment on this one save for a rous-
ing (and wondering) cheer.

SPITEFUL RESPITE

by Tom Jewett

  Dear Sir: I am ceasing my fan activities (reading
FANEWS) so that I might comment on the Jan. ish of
good old Startling.

  The Star of Life by our veteran world-saver Hamil-
ton was first rate but not superior. I have read bet-
ter ones. The Idea of the story was fine, but the style
of writing was not up to par even though the all-over
effect was fine.

  Venus Mines. Inc., by Zagat and Schachner should
hsve been left on Venus. Look, these old stories
just can’t stack up with modem tale*. Stf may not
have grown inucli during the years but the writing
now Is usually better quality. Stf, these days, is thriv-
ing on a supplementary diet with the main portion
being better characterization In the old days, action
was the main theme.

  Friends was good, though 1 think the theme could
have been more developed.

  Traveler's Tale was very good. A “slick" story If I
ever read one. We want Whitley!

  Before I turn to the cover, let’s get one thing
straight. Readers are funny people. It seems that
we'd rather criticize than praise. It's natural to gripe
at anything even slighUy out of order. When the
reader's department was Inaugurated you really left
yourself wide open.

  Cover: Bergey Is good, no matter how awful he is.
Look at that guy Jumping out after the gal. If he
hasn't a fiendish expression on his pan I've never shav-
ed! And looking at the girl I can understand his
purposeful leer.

  Interior pics: Marchioni was surprising because I’d
be surprised U he could stay os bod. Stevens, page
73, was super to seventeen decimals. Morey, tho Just
mediocre, is much better than the malicious Mar-
chioni. Morey's page 86 better'n his page 93.

  Letters: I can't comment on Oliver's missive. Won-
der why. . .1 can't stand poetry of any kind, so Mister
Rose composed for nothing. I agree completely with
Rick that an original offered for the best letter would
bring In more response, and at the same time im-
prove the quality. How 'bout it? Hass Is a Hass-been.

  Grimes' gripe about the cover. 'Smatta. Millard,
don't you appreciate contemporary art? You and
your LAMS better take it on the. Lams, that is. Jim
Kennedy, as you've probably read the Cap Phooture
epic. I think you'll revise your opinion. Veronica.
Veronica, where art thou? John Cockroft couldn’t be
Clyde, Ohio.

righter in his praise of Kuttner. Henry is really a
GREAT writer! Hear me, Henry? Brer Burgess' was
the usual pre-new-leaf baloney with his account of
finding pore li'l Joke.

  The fanzine review was as usual pompetant. and I
Just can’t wait until you critify mine— 670 George,

 Somewhere, somehow, in the above maze
of contradictions, we suppose Fra Jewett is
trying to tell us something—but blessed if
we know what! Besides, who’s Veronica’

PANNED BY PARIS

by Robert K. Paris

  Dear Sir: Just finished looking through the Jan-
47 issue, and I am sorry to say the rag (it used to be
a mag) is on o slight but very definite downgrade
(if indeed it can sink any lower!) I have seen covers
as bad as this one. but they are few and far between.

  Hamilton's novel—where Is C’pn Future—seems to
be fair, but only fair. The illustrations for this tale
are very poor.

  Venus Mines ranks highest In this Issue, with the
pic excellent, who drew it?

  The other blurbs were good filler, but little more.

  Have there been any Cap'n Future stories since
Outlaw World?

  Here's hoping those covers and contents improve—
230 Spring Lake Street, Madiaonville, Ky.

 Yes, THE SOLAR INVASION, you web-
footed he-goon. Why don’t you learn the
difference between a blurb and a story be-
fore you criticize either one? And your
epistolary style (which we mercifully edited
to spare our readers the impact of such
quasi-literacy) i^ at least as erratic as
Sneary’s and nowhere near either as funny
or as intelligently constructive as to content

  Now crawl back into your half of the pup-
tent, Ex-Corporal Paris, and let us snore
peacefully in ours.

PATTI SAVES THE DAY

by Patricia J. Bowling

  Dear Sir: Just finished the January issue of
STARTLING STORIES and had to sit down and drop
you a line. Everything in the magazine was simply
swell except the pictures. Please. I beg you. get some-
one to do your art work besides Marchioni. His il-
lustrations are positively rank. Bergey goes a little
wild on the covers but his work is good.

  Fred Ross Burgess does swell art work. I’ve seen
some of it and it far surpasses Marchioni. Why not
get him to send some of it in. I think you would
approve. Burgess is very versatile. I've also read
some of his stuff and it's good.

  Sarge. old pal, how about instituting a "poetry"
section. I've read some good verse dealing with the
weird and fantastic and since I like poetry I would
love to see STARTLING STORIES with such a depart-
ment. Incidentally, you con scan which most of the
poets whose poems have been printed in the letter
section can't do. One of these fine days 1 shall get up
the courage enough to submit one myself.

  Thanks again Sarge. for a swell issue. I just wish
SS and TWS were published weekly Instead of bi-
monthly. Be seeing you.—San Antonio 4. Texas.

  Get your courage up, Patti, we’re wailing
with baited trochee—sounds like an under-
taking shop, doesn’t It? At that, more bad
verse gets buried here than in any other stf
mag. I think we can say that safely. As for
Burgess, let him come up here and brace the
red-headed and very able terror who reigns
supreme in the art department. He, not your
browbeaten editor, selects illustrators for all
SS and TWS stories. So how about taking
out a little of your ire on him for a change? '
He can take it—we hope.
NEOPHYTE

by Bob Gronhart

  Dear Sir: Here goes my first attempt at fan writing
so don’t feel so bad—it could be worse! (I hope)

  "I'm noi going to Kripe. or what have you, about
the stories, authors, drawings, et al.. for I don't con-
sider my meager knowledge enough to warrent cn-
tization of men who devote Iheir time and energy to
do that special thing.

  In addition to that I consider the Ether Vibrates
not a place to gripe but a place where we can set our
views, on ideas furnished to us by the authors through
their stories, down on paper and thus let other fans In
on your innermost thoughts. It is of no interest to
me if Joe Kennedy, etc.. like or dislike any individual
story unless—he can present some plausible reason for
it.

  As for the foolish controversy over Bergey! boy.
that makes me laugh. One glance at his work is
enough to show anyone who knows anything about
the subject of art that he has something on the ball.
Besides that—what kind of men are they who do not
enjoy looking upon a lovely female, such as Bergey's
usually are?

 Well, what do you say. Sarge?? Why not make a
campaign for more deep thinking in the Ether Vi-
brates instead of the everlasting battle of pro and con.

  So' till next (if any) Sarge, I guess I'll act like an
artist and draw this to a close.—MI Andrews Avenue,
Glen olden, Pennsylvania.

 What does he mean—“such as Bergey’s
usually are” . . . When the mighty Earle
draws an unlovely female, we’ll throw in the
towel. And what does he mean about more
deep thinking in this department? We were
not aware that there was any. And what is
deep thinking anyway—thinking under water
like a humanoid ball-point fountain-pen—
or what? Answer us please!

HUZZAHS FROM LIN

by Lin Carter

  Dear Sir: I did not think il possible for Ed Hamilton
to equal or surpass his mighty "Prisoner of Mars" or
"Three Planeteers" but he has done it with "The Star
of Life."

  In plot, setting, and characterizaUon the story
shone. Especially in characterization of Thayn. She
reminded me. in some respects, of Weinbaum's Mar-
garet of Urbs-

  “Venus Mines, Inc." was one of the few yarns that
really earned its place in the Hall of Fame. Excellent,
except for the usual comic book-type of nine foot,
green-skinned Martian villain.

  The oilier two shorts were fair. “Friends” being
best.

  Now to The Ether Wobbles: Chad Oliver, as usual
led the parade with a swell letter. You and I 3gree on
Marchioni. Chad. Tom Pace had some excellent views
on Merritt and Kuttner. which I will discuss later. An
excellent poem by (Miss) Lee Budoff and stuff by
Grimes and Sneary were lor is it u;as?) quite read-
able. You can pay me later, boys.

 Shades of Buchannon! So Ray Hass doesn't like
guys who criticize stef, huh? According to him. if a
ran doesn't like your stories he shouldn't read the
stufl. . .well, pal. if you don't like the letters you
don't have to read them either.

  Nuff said.

 Now about Pace and Kuttner. I admit that Hank
Kuttner is good. . . good?—he's excellent!. . .but 1
dont' think he can equal Abe Merritt. By sheer poetic
beauty, tremendous vocabulary, magnificent charac-
terization and plots, Merritt has outwritten all other

modem fantasy authors. He and Stapledon. Love-
craft. Burroughs. Taine and a few others, are gen-
erally called ihe Immortals of Scientifantasy.

 I do not think Hank’s work can compare with
Tbeirs. However, there are lesser Immortals like

102

Van Vogt, Hamilton, Heinlein. Brackett and Bond with
whom his work is definitely comparable. Let’s have
more of his work.	_	.

  Three rousing huzzahs for you, Sarge, on your de-
fense of Bergey. It's become more or less convention-
al to yelp about the covers, but Bergey does do good
work. Coloring, figures etc. the only thing I don t like
is his lack of originality. Screaming, dames and
brawny heroes in red football suits. He seenis to have
gotten away from the Bems at last. Good. Nasty ole
Bems—ugh!—*65—20th Ave. So.. St. Petersburg 6,
Florida.

 Remember, Lin, we like BEMs—in fact,
we wonder a little about people who don’t—
like those unutterably inhibited folk who do
not enjoy bad puns!

ONE FOR THE BOOK—THE
TEXT BOOK!

by Marion Eleanor Zimmer

  Dear Sir: I suppose it is too late now to get in a
word about the summer issue—but I would like to get
it in anyway. For that was my first Issue of
STARTLING STORIES—and now I’m a confirmed
reader.

  To begin—THE DARK WORLD was the best fantasy
I have ever read and I certainly wish it could be pub-
lished In book form to reach the millions who have a
stupid and bullheaded prejudice against fiction maga-
zines—and also I could have it in a more permanent
form. My copy is already half thumbed to death as I
imagine I have read it at least twelve times!

  Just to prove how much I liked it—well. I attend
State Teacher's College and you can imagine what
a reception STF would find among the "bullheaded”
people I mentioned above. Yet I brought up THE
DARK WORLD in my English Literature class as an
example of one of the best novels I've ever read. And
the Professor had read it too!

  As for the rest of the magazine, I like ETHER-
GRAMS and the review of Fanzines. I also liked the
Captain Future Story In the fall issue. When I read
the advance review I was afraid it would be a childish
comic-strlp affair. But—surprise! It was a really
swell story, although not up to THE DARK WORLD—
but then, what could be?

  I bought the January Issue tonight and as soon as I
finish this letter am going to sit down and read STAR
OF LIFE. It looks very good. Orchids again on THE
DARK WORLD and let's see it in book form! I pre-
dict it would be a best seller.—RFD No. 1, East Green-
ough, New York.

 Well, heck, Marion, what did the Litt
Teacher think of THE DARK WORLD? To
say nothing of what you thought of THE
STAR OF LIFE. THE LAWS OF CHANCE
and LANDS OF THE EARTHQUAKE?
Please let us know, won’t you?

 Incidentally. CALL HIM DEMON, the
Keith Hammond novelet in the Fall, 1946,
issue of our companion magazine, THRILL-
ING WONDER STORIES, seemed to us and
to most of our more discerning readers, very
close to a fantasy classic. I£ you can get hold
of a copy, we’d appreciate your views on
that one too. At any rate, write us again, If
only to line up with the others swinging
three bats.

WE GUESSED IT ALREADY

by Edwin Drogin (age 14 in case you'd like
to know)

  Dear Sir: As Lizzy Vandersbnoop lightly squeezed
into the airlock she tenderly called, ‘'Throckmorton,
 you little weasel, where are you?" Instantly our hero
 appeared. Striding up to her he crooned, "Here I am.
 lovey wovey. I was (-iking my vitamin pill when
 you called. They're awfully hard to get down.”

    How’s that for the beginning of a story. We should
 have humorous ones once in a while and. . .aaaah.
 what's that. Oh, the cover of S.S. had me scared for
 a moment. Oh well it's better than last month's. I
 don’t remember any scene from Star of Life that
 looked like that.

    Now I will take ou! my handy pocket microscope
 and read The Ether Vibrations. Hmm looks like Dark
 World received quite an ovation. Personally I thought
 it was a little too long.

    Here are my criticisms of the Jan. ish.

     1.	Star nf life—excellent as all your first stories are.

    2.	Venus Mines. Incorporated—up to par.

    3.	Friends—enjoyed it.

    4.	Travelers Tale—poor.

    Here dear old sarge is a poem to keep you busy.

    I am deep down in dark despair.

    Those Bems are getting in my hair.

    And dear sweet Bergey should go sit on a tack,
    I bet he hasn't the intelligence to answer back.

    So good oid sarge will do it for him.

    And let old Bergeys conscience gnaw him.

    P. S.: I think I better give up writing poems huh.—
 1974—80th Street. Brooklyn 4, New York.

   While we thank you, Edwin, for writing
 that—er—letter, we really think in poem-
 writing you could do better!

MIXED GRILL

 by Wilkie Conner

    Dear Sir: I am going to try to collect my wits and
 spray a few words around anent (I hope “anent''
 means what I think it means) the January Startling
 Stories.

 The new policy seems to be in full swing in the
 letter section, and very much for the better, too. I es-
 pecially enjoy your answers to questions put by read-
 ers. That is something all mags should do. It as least
 shows appreciation of readers' efforts to learn more
 about the inside workings of a magazine.

 Most of us know very little about the mechanics of
 putting a magazine together so that it will make money

 as well as please a large number of readers and ad-
 vertisers. Therefore, those little "back-stage" notes
 are more than welcome!

 I don't care how the covers or interiors look in a
 magazine—nor who draws them. But if a majority of
 the readers seem to dislike Bergey as a cover men,
 then why not replace him?

 It's surprising how many people are jusi waking to
 Kuttner's extraordinary talents. I, for one. recognized
 his greatness 'way back in '41. . .as your back issue
 files of S.S. and TWS will show in my letters of praise.
 Hank can really sling the ink.

 I have refrained from criticizing the fiction in this
 issue because I feel that the other fans will kick the
 poor authors about enough without any added bric-
 a-bac from yours truly. Some stories are finding print
 in all mags that should be confined to the waste-
 paper collections, but why kick a yam AFTER it is in
 print? The next story from the same guy might be a
 classic.

 But the chances of that story being published would
 be slim If the editor thought that here, too. was a tar-
 get for reader ammunition. Right? The only person
 who has a real right to condem a yam is the editor—
 and sometimes one would think even editors hate to
 exercise that right. (Personally, all I ever got was
 rejection slips. Maybe the office boy couldn't write. . .)

 On the whole S.S, is 'way out front in the field, now.
 I believe it will remain there.—Box No. 2392. West
 Gastonia, North Carolina.

 Thanks for the vote of confidence. But
 as for removing Bergey—horrors! The read-
 ers would have no one to gripe at. Besides,
 Bergey can and does paint what he is told
 to paint by certain mysterious astral powers
 and does it better than anyone else. We
 quite agree on Kuttner—next, please?

[Turn page]

 pack strapimi w juw wu j,
 with entangling wires, and
 then suddenly found the new

Bettone

ONE-UNI

     ONE-UNIT

 HEARING AID

BELTONE HEARING AID CO.

1450 W. 19th St., Oast. TO-7S, ehle»oo S

v FREE BOOKLET—MAIL COUPON

1450 W. 19th

 Aid Co., Dept. TG-7S |
 t.. Chicago 8, III. |
 ion. FREE Booklet »

 Addres

 Town.

 __?.mc_State.

PICTURE

RING $1.1

oeny photo.

 E*qai3lte PicturoRinst—mode I.--,......

 SEND NO M0HSYI Mail photo with papfrstnp

[THE MYSTERIOUS WORLD
WITHIN YOU

  Tliow strange feelings of intuition end premo- ‘
  nition ere the urges of /our inner self. Within
  you there it a world of unlimited power, learn ‘
  ♦o uu il end you can do the right thing et the
  right time end reelite e life of happines* end
  y ebundence. Send for new, FREE. SEALED
  800K thet toils how you may receive theie
  teechinge. Address: Scribe L.Z.B.

TNC ROtlCRIUIAMl

San jose. California

103
THAT BROWN MAN'S HERE AGAIN

by Guerry Campbell Brown

Deor Sir: Let's consider the January issue of
Startling Stories,. I've invented a system for rating
stories. This is how It works. Stories nrc rated n
symbols called nulls. A null is like this*. Now In
rating a story you rate it like this: a story considered
a "classic" would be zero nulls. An excellent story
would be one null. (•) A good one would be two or
three nulls, and so on down the line. The lineup for
this issue will be as follows:

 Cover: •••• (Bergey can do much better than that.
    No relation to the story.)

 Novel: ** (Rather corny in spots, but pretty original
    plot Interesting action.)

Novelet: •**• (Who picks the Hall of Fame Clas-
    sics. anyway? Not the readersl)

Shorts: Friends—•*

Travelers Tale—*’ (More shorts like this!)

The Ether Vibrates: * (Very good! Keep up the
    good work, Fellows!)

 That about winds up this Issue of Brown's Squnk.
 Just one more thing. I'll admit that Raymond Hass has
 some good points. We need letters like his occasionally
 to balance the silliness—(Like the above.)—P. O. Box
 1467 Delray Beach, Florida.

How true, Guerry. And you rate a whole
basketful of Nulls for your missive—espe-
cially for your “brain-men-of-Venus” open-
ing through which an austere blue pencil
was drawn. Take it easy, there, will you?

             HAIR OF THE

    Space-pirates, oh boy!
    They're my favorite 1

OH-OH! MORE
DOGGEREL

by John Koehler

 Dear Sir: I am writing in to tell you my tho'ts about
 the last Ish. Following the footsteps of other fanz, I
 am going to put In my two-bits worth.

 The Star of Life, by Hamilton. He had some pretty
 good ideas about Immortality. I would have rather
 read a CF though.

 Venus Mines, Incorporated, By Zagat and Co. Pretty
 good, but Chad Oliver might think It was Just a space-
 pirate story in dtseuise.

 Friends, by Leinster. Just average.

 Traveler's Tale, by Whitley. Marvelousl Amazing!
 Stupendous! Different!

 Siss-Boom-Bah! Slss-Bnom-Bah' Earle Bergev. Rah!
 Rah! Rah! Bereey finally got away from his three
 BEM's, bug-eyed monster, blue-eyed maiden and big-
 eared mister. In the last ish. he only used the last two.

 The depa.-jnenl; were good as usual.

 Now J will write a story about the blue (Sarge, put
 down that blue pencil) Okay. Then I'll write about
 the green (Sarge. put that down. That's better.) Okay,
 then I'll write a pome.

    All Bergey gets from all of youse.

    Is a lot of boos, (not booze) —

    Even though he is persistent
    In drawing his EEMs so consistent.

    With dsmex a-'creaming
    And monster’s teeth gleaming;

    But that's the way they're supposed to be.

    If they weren't you'd be mourning. "Oh gosh! Oh
    gee!"

     All an author gets is a great big cheer
     While he types o'er a glass of beer.

     As he frantically types,

     While his plot he ripes,

    He smiles with glee
    As the fans wriw, "Whee!”

                          Joy."

    Bergey sits In his studio, and. without rest
    Draws his BEMs at his very best-
    So lets stand up and give a cheer.

    For Bergey. instead of author dear.

 By the way. ye old space-puppy, I guess I am one
 of your youngest readers. I am only 13 and I have
 been reading your mags for over two years.—101S So
 Sprague. Tacoma. 6. Wash.

304

  Don’t try another of those until you are at
least a year older and have LIVED, John!

COOKING WITH BRASS

by Michael Cook

  Dear Sir: I have Just finished reading the January
ish of your magazine. It was ihe best in a long time.

  And now the stories—The Star of Life—98 per cent.
This is one of Hamilton’s best. Venus Mines Incorp-
orated—50 per cent. Please Sarge. get a decent H of F.
story. If you do I'll be your friend for life- Friends—
.00000001 per cent. Ugh! Where do you get these
things? Out of the war surplus? Travelers Tale—95
per cent. For once a good tlme-travel story. Hurrah!
The cover was good for once. (Bergy. stop bulging your
chest, you’re going to burst your shirt buttons). The

inside illl's rate as follows:

    Pages 13, 35. 19—'Very good, 85 per cent
Page 73—Not so hot, 60 per cent
Page 86—Aacck, 30 per cent
Page 93—Fair. 70 per cent
By the way the cover was 89 per cent
The best letters were (1.) Tom Pace. (2.) Lin Carter,
(3.) Millard Grimes.

  Now for a gripe. This probably will seem silly but
I raise my voice in earnest prayer—stop leaving the
edges untrimmed!—37 Jameson Avenue, Toronto, On-

  What’s the matter with our edges, huh?
Does anyone else object to them as they are
(there will be a short pause while a new
editor is installed in place of this one, who
was recently trampled to death by a stam-
pede of untrimmed-edge-maddened fans.)

  Honestly, though, we don’t see why you
care!

THEY GET YOUNGER AND
YOUNGER

by Michael Wigodsky

  Dear Sir: I'll start off by telling you that this Is the
first time I’ve ever written to a magazine and I’m only
11years old. That ;:et£ 'hat out of :hc way.

  The cover on the January Startling was the usual
Bergey—that is to say terrible.

  Inside Illustrations:

       13: terrible
15: not too had
19: terrible
73: all right
86: good
93: wonderful
Letters: too much doggerel
The Star of Life: almost as good as Kuttner
Venus Mines. Incorporated: I couldn't finish It.
However, It was Interesting to compare It with the new
stories in the mag. (I'm agin space pirates. I'm agin
quasi-human natives of other planets. I'm agin every-
thing except Kuttner.)

  Friends: Good

  Traveler’s Tale: I nominate this story for the Hall
of Fame story for 1956.—306 Evans Arc.. San Antonio,
Texas.

  At that Michael, you write a more intelli-
gent letter than a lot of your elders here
present. So the column remains open to
you. also to your expert typing. And your
opinion on the stories was pretty close to
that of the pros here in the office. Nice
going, keed.

A DOWNEY RED

by John Van Couvering

  Dear Six: 1 was really surprised te see the Jan. '47
tsh so soon. I guess the new bi-monthly schedule is
hard (but pleasing) to get used to. But it seems to
me you could do better than iwo-issue old letters in
the Ether Vibrates. It's a little long to wait, eh?

    As usual. I read TEV first, so I might as well put
in my two credits' worth. Lessee, now. . . .ah. here's
Oliver. Give him first, .no, wait, there's Pace’s deal. . .
any more??, .urnph. . .ummm. . .ah, Inst, but and how
not least! We have Burgess, 0 too, lets skip It, I dunno
who’s best	. ,

  I like your over all format. The print and the con-
tents page especially show improvement.

  As for the cover, leave Bergey do his worst. Which

not seen duplicated anywhere

  You are a horrible poet. 'Nuff said.

  Ah. yes, the stories. That’s what you print the mag
for. isn't it? They seem to be rapidly improving. The
whole mag is improving. Egad. sir. you would have
us complimenting you if you don't stop this sky-
rocket climb in quality. Look at me. Horrible thought.

  THE STAK OF GLORY was about the best Ed
Hamilton story I have ever read. His main charm is
his simple, dynamic style. No psychological over-
tones. The villain is either bad or misguided. The
hero is good. The heroine is openly mysterious, if mys-
terious at all. Which all adds up to a very readable
story. But this time there was more than that. Con-
gratulations and encouragements. Ed!

  A little unoriginally, I say that the H of F Classic
was a classic. I have heard of that very same story
from several fellows, and had been wondering if I
would ever be able to read it. Thanx, Sargie, ole
sock. And semi-serials In the H of F are a swell idea.

  FRIENDS was excellent. Murray Leinster is a wel-
come addition to the inner circle of TWS and SS.

  TRAVELLER'S TALE was also ultra. But wait. . .1
must of missed one someplace. . .this means some-
thing has definitely happened to ye Sarge’s pet mag. . .
every story rates an A-l average! And the depart-
ments were super, as usual. . .catch me. someone. I'm
gonna faint.

  Wheeee! A full-length novel by Leinster! And does

It look good! And here we have a new writer. . .THE
SOMA RACKS. . .the title promises something good,
as does the Sarge. As I said back there, the H of F.

WHEN PLANETS CLASHED, has to be good. Doubly
so because MWW is the proud papa. Who knows, it
may be a second all-super ish. Leave Marchioni some-
where on Pluto and I promise you there won't be a
kick in a carload when you get your letters.

  Thanks again for the best SS I have ever read.—
902 North Downey Avenue, Downey California.

  Hubba, hubba, John!

KANSAS CYCLONE
by Alan Jones

  Dear Sir: Theah a few things I got to tell you. This

his knowledge of anatomy. (I looks furtively

[Turn, page]

            'Easy to Plate CHROMIUM

             GOLD?SILVER, NICKEL, COPPER

                 ... For Pleasure and Profitl

                      I If you have a workshop—at home or In bu*t-
                      ness—you need this new Warner Electro-
                      plate?. At the stroke ol an electrified brash,
                      yon can electroplate models and projects—
                      you can replate worn articles, faucets, tools,
                      fixtures, silverware, etc. with a durable,
                      sparkling coat of metal . . . Gold. Silver.
                      Chromium, Nickel, Copper or Cadmium.
                      Method is easy, simple. Quick. Everything
                      furnished—equipment complete, ready for
                      use. By doing a bit of work for others, your ma-
                      chine can fay for itself within a week. So

                WARNER ELECTRIC CO.. DEPT. H-33

                      *S12 jarvia Avoi.ua, Chicago 20, III.

 WARNER ELECTRIC CO* J512Jsivi»Av«nu»,Chfca80a6,0«pt-M-3»
 I Gentlemen: Send Free Sample and Detans to:

I

 I

 | Address.

Lc*,

 State

 I

RUPTURE!

 An amazing Air-Cushion
 Invention allows body
 freedom at work or play.
 i,neat.cool,sanitary.

~ ned*

      No tUkftNrtM Trial! Write NOW~Tor tw Booklet ud
      Proof of Results. All correspondence cooUdeotial.

      Brook* Company. 38&HState St. Marebafl, Midi.

• MECHANICS • HOME STUDY

       Step up your own bUII with facta * figures of your trade.
       Audela Mechanics Guides contain Practical inside Trade
       Information In bandy form. Folly Illustrated. Easy to
       Understand. Highly Endorsed. Check book yon wait for
       7 days' Free Examination. Send no Money. Nothing to
       -4. □OllBurnera*!

       pay poetman.DCarpentry *6 • □Atitogl.
       CSheet Metal SI • □'Welding SI • 01

      nPlunil)',nK$6 • □Masonry$6*DPainlB.„._ ____

 □Electricity *4 • QMathematlcs 82 • DSteam Engineers *
 □Machinist <4 • □Blueprint *3 • ODIcsel JZ • ODraw ■ *

  ’Machinist

   It satisfied

  AUDEL,

____jprlntW^DDleselSZ*________

 iu pay only $1 a month until price Is t
 49 W. 23 SU New Yorit 10,1

REAL WESTERN WALLET —

 am'. U» r»«ed. nrala. leather Win. EL RA.1CH0. hradiom-lj
 deeipwd by ■ ildllafmfDowa ol t}» rat Boot., addle*. lu*oe% poll,
 brioJt—d	»• richly embo»ed on <11 .lie. of tku twMSBa

 kin will*. Tote. ill imod iUdo«ur tipper. 4 celluloid rbouxud
                          bolder, rod nif .bet duojc pom. Ain
                          bn IdeotiSatloo tui *bdo». mrau
                          Ip*eo end roomy bill pectloD. A treMored
                          fill tot (lu tiOBrinilr I(m prtco of 11.91 Order
                          SEND NO MONEY. W.Uet will be nube

HKfMiDlH tO 'TVrf

 I RIO LEATHER PRODUCTS CO.

 I »JS Court Sl, l^o-tui », N. J.

 I Ceollemeni

     Pl.uewndM__ELROCHO.rflet.br

.,«•.......J&U«t£rAi£i>-•

,.,,11.1111) rr.T.	. rr;.. ,rr

..............Stott- ..........

cay.
I.earn Profitable Profession
in <)0 ri«iys at Home

\Lwvh'®58 Plugs into Light

1ft fllWf So^ket-AC or DC	^i£|VB

Af\	]n new- Xl*a handyt If* fOfl»o«t V*c |

                 the Midget Kloctnc Arc Welder for min* 1
drM» of Ilght-meiaJ Jobs. Does romptr- ■
i?	Nk attic weldlatr work with a 1/10 Inch D

JBr	weld 1 he rod on thin metal as that of I

f"J	larger and higher priced welder*. Opsr* 1

I I —-oa 15 ampere fuae. 110 volt 60 ■

/T 1	«*«*• A.C. or b!c. currcnt, by u*e 1 f /

fi 1	\* of our special atandayd-eoated 1/1 fl- ^ u if A

11 I	V\ Inch welding rod*. Generoua supply U \Jif

\1	\\ of ixhU oupplicd with machine. XvB Ja^

IV	W Recommended for oil light weMtnff

B mi	X* like autoraooile fender*. etc. Take^^^lJMK

# »	1 Uv# Midret Arc anywtoOTe to the •grfr'aG

  , -*^r, I- T~T*"| lob. Sturdily built and fuily guar-	T

■X ■ --	antccd. Coinc-s contpVv:*—rooto to

                      tJW. Nothnig etue to buy. No prC*
t * - -■ - —»\> vious welding experience needed

                       strike an arc. In a ebon time, any*
 cmf roeehAnicaJJy Inclined can Ifemlo weld with U1I0 machine.

You'll find hundred" of money-aaving, time-iavlng u«e* fof jDny
the Midget Are around your home, garage, or work who;;. UXx/y
Also tn garatres, factories, repair shopa. tin Uiops. mochan- «AM*
lea. fanner*. Inventor*. etc. Order a MWget Electric Aro
Voider now! SEND NO MONPY. We'll ruah one to you,
complete with roda and helmet (equipped with APPROVED welding
p'aEs). Pay no?tmnn only 93.05 dIub postage charges. If not satis*
Md. return Midcef Arc in B day* from receipt and we'll refund your
money immediately. RUSH YOUR ORDER NOW.

 IIIDCCT A AC WCtOSR CO.. Stradar Ave., Ocpt. U-239.CI neinnat • M. Oh lo

MEN ANO WOMEN. IS TO 80-Many Swedish Mat
aage eraduatea make *50. S75 or even more per
week. Large full time Incomes from doctors, hospi-
tal*. sanatorlums, cluba or private practice. OOicn
make good money In apare time. You can win
independence and prepare for future security
by training at home and uualtfrlnr for
F V Diploma. Anatomy Charta ar.d 22 • pace
II(unrated Book FREE—Now! TWf CoHaga
■ _.* of Swedish Msesa<?e. Dept. 7€3f. 100 I.

.££% Ohio si., chioaa 11, ill.

Stmplr «|wee*e on denial plate and put
It In your mouth. Hardens and bococnes
part of plate. Money-‘»ack guarantee,
rnrr Generous package of Dwntal Plate
1. 5r Cleanser with each order. Send
• 1.00 or maiiod parcel port collect.

Fit-Rite Co., 1573 MilwaukM Av«.
Dipt, 5-82. Chicago, III.

NEW MIDGET ELECTRIC

makes False Teeth TIGHT

        oose dental pla
        ind comfortably.
        for MONTHSI

 Makes loose dental
 snugly and
 LASTS

 plates fit

BE A DETECTIVE

 ^ORK HOME or TRAVEL. Experience anneccesary.

DETECTIVE Particulars FREE. Write to
GEO. R. H. WAGNER, 125 W. 86th St., N. Y.

 8TJJDT AT HOME tor PEB90IUE SUCCESS
 and LARGER KAKXIXQS. S8 y.irj expert in-
 itraotion—oror 108,000 stndenta corolled, LL.8.

 Degree awarded. All tcxta fumutud, E«y pay-
 atnts. Send for FHEE BOOK.

 ABEJtlCAM EXTENSION SCHOOL OF UV
 Datf, 7S-T, 54S N. Midiloan Avt., Chicago I Mil.

Zl&r'Z STOP TOBACCO?

0
r*>

 Banish the craving for tobacco as
 thousands have with Tobaeeo

 edmany men. Carnloo:
 066 only as directed.
 30 Yean in Bcaln«M

FREE

 THE NEWELL COMPMIY l-00-*
 U» CIsyton.SU.. SLUrnl*5,MO.

 at the cover.) composition, and color (again a peek at
 the cover) rate him In the front rank of the topnotch-
 ers." And then you puis out a gurl in a yellow-green
 (?)... uh. • . cloih. a guy in a bright red S.F.P.I.S.
 C.F. suit. (Society For the Prevention of Inter-
 Spatial Combustion and Fires) a blue glow, and yel-
 low lettering. Gad. wot a sense of color! Even if he
 didn't put the letters on It. Ghu knows it’s bad enough
 alredy.

   I really had a Rood time reading Chad’s letter.
 Haw! “I see Bergey has reverted to his teknicolored
 donut gun again." Natcherly. he takes 1st place.
 Sneary takes 2nd He has the damest knack of mispel-

...... 'laces. And how about that

7 Not a bad idea. 3rd goes

 ling

 letter contest he pt
 to Lin Carter. He
 lot. tho.

   The stories were even better than last time,
 pics were fair.

   Weil. I guess I better close, but here's a p;
 blost. TELL WILLY ROSE. AND RAYMOND F. HA
 TO GO THROW THEIR SWEET LITTLE SELVES INTO
 A BUCKET OF SLUSH!! Hass's silly stab nt sweet
 Sneary is stupid. The cracks aren't enough for him,
 he has to call them BEMs. yet. Better make it a slush
 barrel.

   Here’s for more like Sneary, JoKe, Chad and Gabe.
 Now get ofT'n me. fellas.—1242 Prairie, Lawrence,
 Kansas.

   We cannot but feel a certain sympathy for
 poor maligned Raymond Hass. After all, to
 him who Hass. . . .

 words in the right

 aro

still had the worst poem in the

The

 FRESH SMELL

 by John R. Corroll

    Dear Sir: Brother! (apologies to you) That 1 should
 ever use the appellation of "Sarge' with a "Dear" In
 front of itl For two years I was whipped by one; then
 I was whipped into one: and, for three more years. I
 was whipped for being one.

   For some obscure reason I enjoy your homely hut
 harried humor (alliteration accidental). Many fan
 letters in The Ether Vibrates would go unread (and
 well they might) If it were not for the Sergeant's
 comments.

    I read every piece of fantasy fiction that I can find
 but, fortunately perhaps, my critical faculty extends
 in only one direction my only comment on the stories
 is that some are better than others; I am alternately
 amazed and amused to find that various readers feel
 that this one "stinks." and that one "smells." etc.; but
 then. I have a very literal Imagination when it
 comes to the meanings of words.

   The original purpose of this letter sccma to have
 sidetracked itself; I intend only to compliment the
 Sarge on an unusually fresh approach to some very
 dreary work—60 Mason Terrace, Brook line. Mama-
 ehasetu.

  Try 'em for size in THE READER
 SPEAKS in THRILLING WONDER STO-
 RIES. Same guys, same smells, same some-
 what fetid chuckles. At any rate, thanks for
 the pat on the back as well as for at least
 and at last another adult epistle.

HOW DOES HE OR SHE MEAN IT?

 by Lynn H. Benham

   Dear Sir: I don't see how he does it—Hamilton.
 I've just pul aside the January issue of Startling, and
 to say the least, the story pleased me highly. World-
 Saver seems to always come thru on what the letter-
 hacks call a hack plot. Seems to have a way of coming
 thru with a well written affair no matter how often he
 drags out the same old plot with small modifications—
 TWO girts this time.

                   what manner of men (?) are
                                      ler upon
                                      none of

106

   Speaking of girls,
 those who bewail the appearance of the former upon
 the covers? The only objection I have is that nor.
 the breed (of the covers) ever seem to a wear.
  Tried to read the letters, but have a hard time doing
that while holding my nose. The guy from South
Bend seems to be jus! the opposite: takes everything
that's shoved at him. aoparently with no exceptions.
Sounds like somebody that likes to have someone else
do his censoring (or him. (The South Shore Line
station is only a block and a half from my domicile,

  One thing that I can't see Is this constant harping
(by the readers) on the Merrilt(s) of fantasy Ynurs
truly has read many fantasy stories. Lovecraft and
Merritt among them, but sees nothing to go into
ecstasies over. At least, the fantasy offerings
in SS seem to indicate a flexible policy In regard
to types of stories put on for the reader.

  Mast of the poetry (?) sent in leaves me speechless.
I say that, because profanity isn't used in mixed
company and the mails. But there's the exception to
every rule: Miss Buddoff (odd name) really put in
an amusing one this time, and who is Hilaire Belloc?

  In closing. I'd like to know what happened to my
old pal (?). George Ebey. I sorta liked the little fel-
ler. even ii he didn't agree with my views: after all.
if he did have my views exactly, there wouldn't be any

sundry Items.-

 Dorchester Ave.. Chfcacro 37

 RADIO

v§ TELEVISION jjj
ELECTRONICS

place for him, and I'd get rather exasperated when
he would grab onto my female, cash my checks, drive
my cat (fd like to see him do that: It'd be rather

hard to do, seeing as how I don't have any)., and other
' " 4144 ~

From the final paragraph we gather than
Lynn, this time out, is a male, not a female
cognomen. As for Hilaire Belloc, outside of
being for a couple of generations the literate
spearhead of British Catholicism and a lit-
erary running mate of Max Beerbohm. G.
K. Chesterton and all the other greats, he
also authored the immortal—

“I shoot the hippopotamus with bullets
   made of platinum

[Turn page]

Plenty to SEE from Cover to Cover!

 National School*. Dept. 5-Tfl
 4000 S. Fifluaroa Lot Angale* 17. Calif.

Mall mo tamp Jo loaaon and book FREE.	PuMoa •»*«<**!

NAME................................AGE.

ADDRESS.................................

CITY................... .ZONE......STATE.

 □	Check horo If Veteran of World War II

If Ruptured
  Try This Out

Modern Protection Provides Great Comfort *n4
Holding Security
Without Torturous Truss Wearing

 An "eye-opeoing" revelation in eeneiblo and comfortable re-
 ducible rupture protection mar be roura (or the asking. without
 cot! or obligation. Simply eet*i Dane eod addrea. to William S.
 Rice. Inc.. Dept. 1-B. Aden... N. Y-, and full detail, of the na«
 and diderent Rice Method will be eeut yon Free. Without bard
 Ooih-gottging pad. or tormenting prenure. here'* a Support that
 ha. brought jo* and comfort' te Ihoneandi—by releasing then
 from True.es with eprtnf. and etrepa ibat bind and eat. Deitgnod
 I. eecorely hold • rapture op an4 in where il belong! and ret
 p>t freedom .( body and genuine comfort. For lull information
 today 1

ENTERTAINING, UP-TO-THE-MINUTE
PHOTO FEATURES ON EVERY PAGE!
a
NOW ON SALE—70c AT ALL STANDS

            MAKE $30-$40 A WEEK

                  You can team pracilcal nursitiii at bom*
In 9i>»ro timn. Course endorsed by phy-
sician*. Thousands of CT»(lut!«. 4st!i
yr. One graduate has charge of lO-bed
hospital. Another sated S<00 while
teaming. Equipment lndoncd. Mon.
women IS to 60. HIM School not
Matured. Easy tuition payment*. Trial plan. Write today.
CHICAGO SCHOOL OF NURSINO
Dept 424. 100 East Ohio Street. Chicago II, III.

  PI ease send free booklet and IS sample lesson pales.

On...........-__________— ___________Sum............... An-----
VETERANS! • • • HONORABLE

ni&HHARfiF PIMRstSm

  HERE'S A VALUE I Handsome, hefty Genuine
Sterling Silver HONORABLE DISCHARGE RING,
yellow gold finish, for only 11.88 plus tax. Beautiful
Discharge Emblem on handsome scrolled mounting.
A magnificent ring you'll wear for life.

SEND NO MONEY

Swrlmif Gold Fbilnh DISCHABGE R1NG will bo »rat to you
AT ONCE. Pay vourpo»tm»nool»ll.Wplost»iand postage.
Wear the ring 10 day*. If Dot delighted, return it »nd your
money will be re funded at ooce. Vet, your B»tUfnction gu«-
unteed! ORDER TODAY. Seed etrln of paper for auL
CliMles Stewart. 616 Walnut St.,Cep1.1*205,Cincinnati 2,0.

What Every Mason Wants

           We have Important Masonic books for
           Blue Lodge. Chapter, Commandery,
           Scottish Rite, and Shrine.

 OUR RITUALS ARE USED THE WORLD OVER
 Send for free catalog of books and
 rituals for Masons, Odd Fellows,
 blights of Pythias. Knfehts of Columbus, etc.
 ERA A. COOK, Publisher, P. 0.795, GMY, Chi«(jo90, III.

ASTHMA

 W. K. STERLINE. 830 (

|aw|

  Symptoms Hellsved. Write
  today for free information
  and special money back
  offer.

  Ohio Are., Sidney, Ohio

 STtlOT AT HOME for PERBOKAL SUCCESS
 and LARGER EARNINGS. 38 yean expert In-
 itruetlou—oter 108.000 students enrolled. IA.B.
 Dcsreo awarded. All texts furnished. Eesv pay-

 meats. Send for
 AMERICAN E
 Dept. 7S-T, 645

 BOOK

 XTE^SIOM SCHOOL OF LAW
 N.MIshiganA««..Chlcato ll.lll.

GOOD MONEY

m .YOUR SPARF TIME*

SPORT GARMENTS. No expcrienco DM-
riurr. Eaf>y work. Mjllfoo* of wo»fcer*
buy work uniform*. W# supply <rrgQthmg
needed. Write immediately for FREE

Outfit.

RUPTURED?

Get Relief This Proven Way

Why try to worry along with trasses that gouge joot
Beth— prtfs heavily on hips and spine—enlarge opening—
fail to hold rupture? You need tbe Cluthc. No leg-etrape
or cutting belts. Automatic adjustable pad holds at real
opening—follows every body movement with instant in-
creased support in case of strain. Cannot slip whether at
work or play. Light. Waterproof. Can be worn In bath.

Send for amazing FREE book, "Advice To Ruptured," and
details of liberal truthful 80-day trial offer. Also endorse-
ment* from grateful users in your neighborhood. Writ*:

ciotfc* Sobi, Dept. 33. BioomfUld, N«w J»r»«y AND OTHER STORIES AND FEATURES!

 108

    Because if I use leaden ones his hide is
    sure to flatten ’em.”

   Which should be entirely sufficient unt<
 the moment thereof.

HE SAW STAR

 by James Evans

    Dear Sir: I am not a sclentjfictlon fan. and I sel-
 dom read the stuff because it is ordinarily unimagi-
 native and very poorly written.

    Nevertheless, a story appears now and then with
 actual interest and even some literary merit. Ed-
 mond Hamilton’s "Star of Life" Is certainly far above
 the average sf tale. Its plot Is really extraordinarily
 good. Ill its barest essentials It could stand up to any
 purely fantastic adventure that I have ever read.

 It’s a pity that an author who could conceive such

 an excellent outline of a yam couldn't fill it in more
 intelligently. I suppose that Kirk Hammond was in-
 tended to have only a limited acumen, but Hamilton
 never makes that fact quite clear and often shows
 him as our OLT? HERO. None of the others have any
 character at all. and its probably better that way.
 Another Impediment is the sf jargon and the conven-
 tionality of the wars, escapes, etc.

    An author less steeped in the traditions of sf could
 have avoided much of the undesirable matter in the
 story, and a more literary-minded writer could have
 improved vastly the characterizaUon and the dialogue.
 SU1I, most authors could never have written the story
 at all for lack of imagination, and I think Hamilton
 deserves encomiums, pane-gyrics, and eulogies galore
 for an exceedingly Interesting novel. He has the in-
 fallible key to good story writing—Romance..—ISO3
 Duval St., Austin. Texas.

   Thanks, James Evans, on behalf of Ham-
 ilton (Edmond). By Romance I take it you
 are speaking of the same Wonder that an-
 other correspondent mentioned above? We
 are rather inclined to think so. It is the
 magic of all great entertainment, the extra
 something the merely intelligent and hard-
 working artist can never attain. Whatever
 it appeals, it is the Pied Piper’s tin whistle
 -silver-toned to those caught in its spell.

   Well, that winds us up again. We shall
 now go out and try to get unwound before
 we start singing like a top. So Ions for now!

—THE EDITOR.

COMING NEXT ISSUE!

 THE
 KINGDOM
 OF THE
 BLIND

A Complete Scientifiction Novel

By George O. Smith

 PLUS A HALL OF FAME SELECTION
REVIEW OE THE
SCIENCE FICTION
WAS PUBLICATIONS

\y

ELL. the redoubtable, ubiquitous,
stupendous and even, occasionally,
dazzling Walt Dunkelberger of
1443 Fourth Avenue South. Fargo. North
Dakota, really takes over this time. As some
of you veteran wallowers in the lush field
of amateur stf magazine frenzy know, Dunk
did a real job during the late and unlamented
war with his NUZ FROM HOME.

NUZ was an amiable, gossipy sheet, pub-
lished with faithful regularity and aimed at
science fiction fans overseas. It hit the target

 dead center. Now Dunk has taken the best
 pages from NUZ as well as from his FANEWS
 and put them into a well bound and very
 thick volume entitled DUNK'S SCRAP
 BOOK.

   It is the biggest thing in fan publication
 since the South Bixel Street mob put out
 the FANCYCLOPEDIA. He is, he says, put-
 ting out only fifteen copies (let’s hope he
 finds the time to double that at least) and
 your critic feels highly honored to be on the
 receiving end of one of these rarities.

   The book contains such a variety of fan
 delights, ranging from pictures of Ackerman
 with Stephen Crane and a pair of starlets
 (Tigrina, please copy) to Roscoe E. Wright’s
 MILEPOST OF DESTINY, that any detailed
 account would eliminate all other reviews
 from this column.

   At any rate. SCRAP BOOK is a dilly.

   Also received this time around is a maga-
 zine new to the pedantic impulses of this
 non-Corinthian column (although it lists
 itself as Volume 2. Number 1) entitled THE
 ALCHEMIST. Published at 1301 Ogden
 Street, Denver 3, Colorado, it is a flossily
 bound job packed by seasoned contributors
 including Roy Hunt, Ackerman, Tigrina and
 Chuck Hansen. The cover, by Hunt, is ex-
 cellent.	[Turn page]

CAN YOU Fix; IT?

Thcae wonder book# tell
atop tiy etep HOW to
tnake difficult repairs and
adjustments, how lo
kc*p a car at maximum
“ ’ Including lat-
mt» in car
operation.
;<?5 and how
them wall

  jBcIc-.
  e*t lmi

 aa&ft-

  «o <orr*Ct
  CCYMtd.

 ® 810 VOLUME*

  2800 pages, 2000

  (rations, wlrlnie

  K»m*. etc.. Including
  ctel engines. BoautN

NO MONFY. Jnict mill (ha coupon
tor a eomplo W aet ol Si* Big Auto Books.
20th Edition. Whether you are a me-
chooio or helper, expert or apprentice,
6uto owner or driver, take immediate
Brtvnntase of this FREE EXAMINATION
OFFER.

    MAKE COOD MONEY NOW
HOLD A PERMANENT J03
Affiirlo* trail Its automobiles kept In tood
repair. Hen with "know how" are in da-
mud. at blf PIT. These hooks will help
you set and hold an Important Job. or tira
you a chance to go Into business (or your-
self now or later. Any man who half tries
to lmproro himself can leam auto Mcrlelng
and repairing by this quick rsfewnco
method. Use the JTFP5T INDEX to find
easily understood answer to any auto prob-
lem. These wonder books prepared by eleven
of America's great autoraobllo engineers.
Many hundreds of rain able Illustrations.

6cud tbs ooupoa TODAY.

A year’s consulting privileges with!
our engineers now given with
these books without extra charge.

ocational Publisher* Since 1 S/S

 m«. rA year’s consulting privileges wlttil
 ludi fz I »«r englneors now given with I
 inoutfi I these books without extra charge. I

w“h_Ji ' ’ “..........

    Lwcil

      , Ctuu1.

1/o“tvS1	rhooso 1 mnf retum Uiem

consulting aervice a> offered

ful modernistic.	____________ .

able doth binding _________

AMERICAN TECHNICAL SOCI^TY. °»Pt. *549
Drexcl Av«*. at BBth St.. Chicago 37, III. _

2 would llfce to examlm
pay lit* delivery cJuirfn.

■sr Si"'

above.

Name...........................

Addreee .........................

 Please attach letter statin* age. occupation, employer's name and
           nd name and address of at least ona bueineaa man aa
           Men in service, sUo please giv* borne address.

 arfdn*»a.
 ref*

mm

BECOME AN EXPERT

'I IIII IMM

■ fi. P. A.	mrfx*

  i ert*erienco nnne-r^Mary. Pomona I train"
  of O. P. A. 6. rlaooment ooanael and
  Accountancy. Ihe Profe*ak>n That Pay*.

 c roaitfa
 sr ropf.ira
 •rlto far 1. _
 I. APPROVED.

 LASALLE Extension University, 417 So. Dearfcom SL

 A Corresponding Institution 0ePt.53tt.R, Chicago 5. BL

 OLD LEG TROUBLE

m

  Easy lo use Viscose Home Method. Heals many old
  lcjc corcacauucd by left congestion, varicose rein-,
  swollen legs and injuries or no cost for trial if it
  fails to show results In 10 daga. Describe your

  trouble aod got a FREE 1
  T. G. VISCOSE COMPANr
  140 N. Deo/born Street, Chit090 2, Illinois

L

A

T

E

S

T

iff* G L^iSiS

,Tsr

 :>i. -s?j M M

   s
   T
   Y
   L
   E
   S
   40W

TRYW^mVbvMMl _

SEND NO MONEY

TEST YOUR OWN SIGHT at Home with oar fjCU/

       I New Patented (II IPArO I1£I[Y
       |Sight Testers. ULfluUUO . nU|

[•17TTT31'— AsLowAs tkW

109

             MONEY• BACK PRIfCC
      _GUARANTEE! LB&B

 psipp If yon’ro not 100% satisfied with glasses we maw
 HIS*** we will ref and evo ry cent j»ou p.y as. ne?.M>4«
 in tb CATALOG and

 U. S. EYEGLASSES CO. mpt.s-m,chic»oo.ill.
HWHtNTIC Wtttli

FOR MIN!
& WOMEN?

siLvet

Feslpold
W« fo» To*

First tlm» at annrtere mm tfcli l«w pricel
theMIc replica o1 romanli* western saddle. Htdtf*
Mmcly formed from solid Storing Silnr by (far*
ajo Indian craftsmen. Massive style for men.
dainty jtjrle lor women. A gift (I distinction. B
pleasure to wear. Sent *n apprnal.

Just clip thi* *4
and mail with
your game ant address. Pay postman only $4.95
plus lew tents postage on arrival; or send tasl»
and we pay pesta;e. Wear this sensational ring

SEND NO MONEY!

    _12 ana we pay pesta;e. Wear this sensational n
    tor 10 days. If not delighted, return for lull I
    BL14J ,UIM|- Osoia Now! Ust Coupon Bttowl

■ ""”7o“da7 TRIArORDER'COUPON*

Amiona CtArrsuiN Room cose
1904 Fa»nau Sr. Oww J. NittAsu
I SEND Sterling Saddle Ring as I have indicated below.
O'OTO.O. □ Cash Enclosed, Send Postpaid

'1

J aoihss

| ««»i

\9. Men'*	Q Women'* Ring S*x«

Postpaid I
=j

<&g£S

Write NeUoo Co. • 1139 8 e I

-STUDY

^ENLARGEMENT

 ' of you* Pat/Ofirfe Photo

01 runs loumti film stints

          J« » «	« .ill ««l« * t»Al J «7

         -	i M, picMM or MpdVt 9« l«t O

             ,5 iod»3* rotor <* Ua. <)« uii de«fcio« iM jn ou»
             bupin offer f« btvtiif )Oor aUifinm bo*.fJt»
             hind totaled in oil ind mounted in jovj <kokt of
             bu&om fawn. limit 2 to ■ emoM. Pswe a.
             <!«. IOC » rover coa of	led Mii»J e»£

             toUiivmcM. Y«r octo.1 piow« or «*w*e «a

HOLLYWOOD fttM STUDIOS

Santa Monica Blvd., Otpt. 270, Hollywood, Colif.

MB ITCHING, BURMINO,

ATION OF

ECZEMA Athlete’s Coot

Amazing Wonder Cream-14 DAYS FREE TRIAL

Do tiny wait* blister* form? Do dry «c«Jy patches form?
Doea <klo crack, thicken, peel, or swell? Does ite&iog.
cumins, redness become intense?

SEND NO MONEY-UNLESS 10055 SATISFIEO

mwrmmnwmmm MAIL COUPON TODAY ■■■■■■■«■

WILEY PRODUCTS—Dept. »B-9
4300 Drael Blvd., Chicago IS. III...

Send postpaid full size jar Wiley'# Wonderful Skin
Crtfarafort4d*ys Free Trlnl. Will useHlaitwt
U noteatiafied will notify you within 20 dsye
receiving Jar; otherwise will keep jar and pay

NAME.............................AGE.

ADDRESS...............................

CITY

> STATE

  Hansen is the man responsible and he
seems determined to make a quarterly issue
of it—at 15'1 a whack. Despite a somewhat
dated editorial on the overrated and definitely
Sax Rohmerish magic of ancient Egypt, the
book is well worth the tariff. Bob Peterson’s
tale anent his own fan travels makes the
best reading in the issue. We look forward
to seeing more of same.

  Having thus disposed of the special an-
nouncements, let us now turn to the bus-
iness at hand. The crop was average this
time, with nine magazines outside of the
above mentioned meritorious pair making
the A List. A number of the old standbys, up
to and including the ACOLYTE, are missing,
more’s the pity. But those accounted for do
not make a list that should cause any honest
fan to feel shame. So. here goes:

  FANEWS GREETINGS GAZETTE: 1443 Fourth
Avenue South. Fargo, North Dakota. Editor,
Walter Dunkelberger. One-shot. No fee.

  This well-printed oddity rates the A list on both
spirit and proficiency. And Gail's poem 'TWAS THE
NIGHT AFTER XMAS make the whole thing as
memorable as a New Year's Day hangover.

  FANTASY ADVERTISER: 628 South Bixel
Street, Los Angeles 14, California. Editor, Gus
Willmorth. Published bi-monthly. 5c per copy,

6	copies 25c.

  A fah swapper's delight. It lists everything from
Ralph Rayburn Phillips, “ultra-weird artist." to Bob
Tucker's new novel. THE CHINESE DOLL. If you are
in the market 1 buying or selling) old Issues ot stf
magazines, this should be your full set of dishes.

 FANTASY COMMENTATOR: 19 East 235th
Street New York 66, New York. Editor. Dr. A.
Langely Searles. 20c per copy. 6 copies $1.00.

  Perhaps we are becoming a trifle soft or perhaps
familiarity is breeding the reverse of contempt for a
change—ett any rate, we find the current issue of this
eminently scholarly fanzine less indigestible than
usuaJ. And this in aplte of an error on page 306 which
attributes the serial sale of Will (Murray Leinster)
Jenkins' MURDER OF THE USA to THRILLING
WONDER STORIES. The tale in question appeared
elsewhere. We found Francis Laney's piece on time
travel interesiing and most of the book reviews eye-
catching. And of course Sam Moskowitz. like Old
Man Time Stream, rolls on forever with his monu-
mental THE IMMORTAL STORM, a history of
stfandom. R. George Medhurst on British fan activities
and George T. Wetzel on our pet peeve (Lovecraft is
the name) are worthy of attention. The latter hit the
nail on the thumb when he described HPL’s crafts-
manship as painstaking. Palnsmaklng would be more
like it,

  THE GROTESQUE: 1870 East 33rd Street,
Brooklyn 10. New York. Editor, Ron Christensen.
Published quarterly, 10c per copy (due to rise to
two bits on the next issue).

   This issue of Groggy seemed to us to be livelier than
ufual- Tucker's somewhat scathing comments on the
happlslans of the LASFS were sardonically amusing,
and we went a little further left of sanity than usual

110
trying to solve the burled author puzzle (somebody
found a spare in (he game and penciled over the total
number of buried literateers—did anyone say they
should all be buried?* Telis Streiff apparently has
been slandering the late Sarge, whoever he was, a
base libel which we missed entirely as it appeared.
And Bob Gaulin's analysis of so-called "fantasy"
music was shrewd most of the way. The letter section
was excellent and Christensen's short story held up
far better than most of its Ilk. All in all, a nice job.

  ROCKETS: 469 Duane Street, Glen Ellyn,
Illinois. Editor, R. L. Farnsworth. Published
quarterly. $3.00 per year, three years $10.00
(Does it make sense? No.)

  Outside of the ridiculous subscription rate, this book
is steadily on the upbeat. The new. smaller format
makes for easier reading, the illustrations and articles
are of much current interest and the ediiors have
discarded the juice or orange peels as rocket fuel in
favor of acid and aniline. We're still betting it will
be atomic when space travel actually gets here. Also
contains a piclur; o’ acior John Griggs in spectacles
(He plays Vitamin Fiinfheart on the air in you-know-
what) and Is a long-time pa! of your critic. Also one
of our better performers, as is the magazine.

  SCIENTIFICTIONIST: 13618 Cedar Grove,
Detroit 5, Michigan. Editol-. Henry Eisner Jr.
Published bi-monthly. 10c per copy, three issues
25c.

  A very good job. apart from a hideously hektoed
cover Gerry de la Ree uncovers and reviews a story
that sounds intriguing and Redd Roggs' Ripley anal-
ysis is first class. So is everything else in the mag.

 SHANGRI UAFFAIRES. 637 i South Bixel
Street, Los Angeles 14, California. Editor,
Charles Burbee. Published every seven weeks.
10c per copy, 3 issues 25c.

  Well up lo snuff, with Tucker's hilarious description
of Liebschcr's fabulous post-PadScon picnic taking
most of the play. After perusing I. with many snide
chuckles and guffaws, we reminisced non-nostalgic-
ally over certain al fresco occasions in our own un-
happy past and began lo wonder how miserable you
can get anyway. There must be a limit somewhere.
Let’s hope the Angelinos make this torturesome event
at least annual so that more write-ups can ensue.

  STELLAR1TE: 4 Winship Avenue, San Ansel-
mo, California. Editor, John Cockroft. Published
irregularly. 10c per copy.

  Quite a distinguished job. all in all. what with such
pros as Ed Hamilton, E. Hoffman Price and the like
contributing. However. Editor Cockroft should be
very sure he obtains permission for his reprints from
copyright owners. Rog Rehm’s artwork is—well, Rog

Rehm's.

  VAMPIRE: 84 Parker Avenue. Dover, New
Jersey. Editor, Joe Kennedy. Published ir-
regularly. 10c per copy or 12 issues for $1.00.

  Joe’s mag hews to Its own zany line, despile a some-
what latter-day expose of the centaur by Ken Krueger.
Lloyd Alpaugh Jr. takes less than a page to tell the
history of science fiction—a feat Sam Moskowitz has
thus far been unable to match. Laney. Eisner. Tigrina,
Wetzel. Ebey and others well known in fancircles.
along with the editor, come forward with amusing or
interesting contributions.

  Well, kiddies, that’s the A List. Now, un-
happy as the prospect may appear, we shall
swallow all editorial caste consciousness and

[Turn page]

111

Be An ARTIST!

PREPARE TODAY FOR THE
FUTURE THAT LIES AHEAD
Trained Artists Are Capable of
Earning $50, $60, $75 A WEEK
Un your were time to >nnn for » prat,
■hie Aft Career I Start tralnlm at hone, nwl

                       It'! pleasant Mill Interesting to study An 15
                       W. *.A. »»y. COMMERCIAL ART. DESIGNINO.
                       CARTOON I NO—all tn on* complete course. No
                       previous Art ejiporienco mxt-nary—we tea.-ti
                       you step-by-step by our practical home study,
                       method^well-known since 1914. Write tMvj
                       for information in FREE BOOK. "ART FOK
                       PLEASURE AND PROFIT”—tells all about our
                       course, material furnished. Instruction aervieo
                       and commercial opportunities for you In ait.

Course Approved Under C.I. Bill
WASHINGTON SCHOOL OF ART

Stildio6eSM.m*-lSOl*t.,N.W..W»sh.*.O.C.

  Hish School Course

  at Home

Many Finish in 2 Year*

     IOo as rapidly aa your time ana abllltlas permit, courao
     equivalent to redden! school work—propari*) fore
     entrance eiama. Standard H.S. texts supplied. Dir

& -----

   liu.l.tla 00 nqoMt. No oMunboa.	-

     . American School, Dept. H-5S*. Orexel at *•», Chicago J7

LAW

                 • • •

   STUDY AT

     and public me. Greater opportunities now than ever before.

   Unos. Get obr valiSie	TwXJ'

     and "R.id.nc." b~.V. KRKR, HOW. O. 1. APPROVED. .
     LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY. «17South OMrbomferMI
     A Correspondence Institution Oept. 3329-1., CKicaio S. IK.

Detailed information on how to ewore patent protection for r*»
Uiroitioa Win be mailed promptly tison reaowt.

Victor J. Evans i Co.. Merlin M. EVins, Rejiitered Patent Attomer.
207-E Merlin Bldj.. W*rtlngten 6. 0. C.

  STAMMER?

Thit new 128-page book, "Summering.

Correction,’’ describe* tn«

   § fts CauVe and ----------- .—...

t Bogue Unit Method for scientific
m correction of stammering and
tM stuttering — auccessful for 46

V	years, fret — no obligation.
Ben|omln N. Bogue, Dept. 4278, Circle
lower, Indianapolis 4, Ind.

  CONFIDENTIAL LOAN SERVICE

  Borrow $501 o $300-

   Need money? Nomattorwher8;/(^jg-«M>^|

   AIL}60°00<^$300.()7<this IjufI IIjSw
   ensyqaick confident m/ way>

NO tMHORSfRS NEEDED

Ebfloved men end women of row*
character can soleo their monevprol^
lems auicWy and in pn*acy with loan*
MADE BY MAIL. No endorecrsorc®.

                     ly payments. Send	name anj

                        _____w. senu us youc

plain envelope. There is no obligation,

FINANCE CO.

> DwtJ-82 • KewOrte»al2.U.

 IT 15 EASY TO

BORROW
BY MAIL!

 Completely con-
 fidential and

 fiS_____

StATE
Complete with New Style

EXPANSION BAND

1/ q'B^O |J IV

value! Genuine	' jr _ _ " “ _

Military wrist watch. -^35^

C—Won built. 8p!it*86ceod time- mJ 3JS
Ker. for ONLY $13.95 plas lax I ■ *6 ww
Water-protected, shock absorber, Ba- ■ jj™*
dlum dial and hands, easily read In tho r.^
dark, unbreifcabic crystal. red Sweep PLUS TAX
second hand. Handsome, oon-corroefcrestainless
•tool com. Gonotoo non-eorro*Jvoetnlnlo*« «to«l ex-
pansion bracelet fits all wrists. Order yours today!

SEND NO MONEY!««

Fed. tax. If not delighted, retom wltbln 10 days for r»toni

CORONA WATCH SALES COMPANY

•09 W. lltacllUMl St., OCOt. C-14. Chicago 7, HI.

GENUINE M I LI

ONE IN A MILLION

YOU can be one in a million—one of a
million handpicked men — by joining
the new Regular Army. The Army offers se-
curity, the highest pay in military history,
extra pay for overseas service and special du-
ties, and a reai chance for advancement.
Food, clothing, lodging and medical care are
free. You can retire after 20 years on half
pay, after 30 years on three-quarters pay.
There are great opportunities for education;
technical training; travel, and generous vaca-
tions. Enlist for 1 Vi. 2 or 3 years (3-year
men choose service and theatre where open).
See your local recruiting officer—today!

delve into the lesser brothers on the B Li»e.
Whether or not the clothespin compressing
our nostrils is needful, here goes:

 ATAVAR: 4 Wlnshln Avenue, Snn Anselmo, Cal-
ifornia. Editor. John Cockroft Published irregularly.
No price. Modestly effect little 'zinc in which Messers
Cockroft. StreiS and Bloch sound off to reasonably
entertaining effect, if it weren't for a most inepily
reproduced Rehm cover, this might rate the A List.

 FANEWS: 1443 Fourth Avenue South. Fargo. North
Dakota. Editor. Walter Dunkelberger. 2c per sheet.
55 sheets $1.00. Still far and away the best regular
newspaper for fandom. Congratulations again, Dunk.

 FANTASIA: 670 George Street Clyde, Ohio. Pub-
lished irregularly. Editor. Tom Jewett No price
listed. Well, as far as Jewett is concerned. It Is one
way nf getting his own Action printed. My. that man
must simply love to write.

 FANTASY REVIEW: 15 Shere Road. Ilford. Essex.
Great Britain. Editor. Walter Gillings. Published
bi-monthly. Annual subscription 3 shillings sixpence
(75c to you, bub). Welcome announcement of a
British fanzine. Some of you might want to climb
aboard.

 FANTASY-TIMES: 101-02 Northern Boulevard, Cor-
ona. New York. Edllor. Will Sykora. Published week-
ly. 5c per copy. 6 issues 25c. Next to FANEWS the
best news-zine extant.

 FORLO KON: 4749 Baltimore Street Los Angeles
41, California. Editor. Kenneth H. Bonnell. Published
irregularity. No price listed. Just about as amateurish
as its invisible pricing.

 THE GOLDEN GATE FUTARIAN: 2837 San Jose
Avenue. Alameda. California. Editor. Roger Rehm.
Published (?) irregularly. No price listed. Whether
we have the title correct or whether the real name of
this unedifying item is WITHOUT GLEE will un-
doubtedly rate In years to come as the mystery of this
Issue of SS. So be it!

 LUNACY: 1115 San Anselmo Avenue. San Anselmo.
California. Editor. George Caldwell. Published bi-
monthly. 5c per copy. Sophomoric little number In
which the San Anselmo lads cut a few capers of local
topical interest Include us out!

 LUNARITE WEEKLY: P.O. Box 926. Perry. New
York. Editor J.A.K. Price unlisted. A very good
looking cardzine which apparently failed to survive
to a second issue. Too bad.

  THE MUTANT: 3242 Monterey. Detroit 6. Michigan.
Editor, Ben Singer. Published irregularly. 10c per
copy, 6 issues 25c. Poor printing and snafu artwork
keeps this Detroit zine down in Uie doldrums despite
a high-powered lineup that includes Brazier. Eisner.
Tigrina and Joe Kennedy. Spruce it up, Ben, and get
this other hot little mag up where it belongs.

Entertaining Puzzles of Every
Variety in

POPULAR
CROSSWORD
PUZZLES
•

  NOW ON SALE—15c AT ALL STANDS!
112
DENT'S

TOOTH CUM ’
TOOTH DROPS

P.'S	GET QUICK AMAZING RELIEF br plac!

nil •/-- ■ Denfa TooUl Gum—or Drops-tn carlCr
Oi »| achliis tooth. Cavity tootharha lmuon
strlkea tth.n you <«n't m dentlrt.

■ Bo iireparcdl Aik your (Jmnriat for iC«
althtr eomplata aid packa*®. follow direction.. fQI

 THE NATIONAL FANTASY FAN (Nos. 7 4 8):
200 Williamsboro Street. Oxford. South Carolina.
Editor. Andy Lyon. Published monthly. No price
listed. Not overimpresslve for a 'zine that terms itself
somewhat grandiosely "official organ of the National
Fantasy Fan Federation." It could take a lot of im-
provement, especially in the too-slim eighth Issue.

  PSFS BULLETIN: 1366 East Columbia Avenue.
Philadelphia 25, Pennsylvania. Editor. Robert A.
Madle. Published bi-weekly. 25c for 8 issues. Well
organized chatter on what gives with Phillyphandom.
The Quaker City is rapidly becoming Southern
California's only serious rival for massed stfactivities.

  PSF NEWS 122 South lt8h Street. Philadelphia 3,
Pennsylvania. Editor. Allison Williams. Published
monthly. 10c per copy. 6 issuee 50c. 12 issues S1.0O.
More good stuff from Philly. We have a hunch this
will run itself out of the B List and high up on the
A List by the time the Philconvention rolls around
later this year. Those boys and girls down there are

really organized . . .

  SCARAB: 115 Aycock, Chapel Hill. North Carolina.
Editor. Fred Ross Burgess. Published monthly. 10c
per copy. 3 Issues 25c, 13 Issues Si-00. Our copy, alas,
was otherwise illegible so we can bestow but a dubious
blessing. Please, fellows, send us mags we can read!

  And that is that. Not too bad, but scarcely
sensational (outside of Dunk and his super-
colossal SCRAPBOOK. Keep ’em coming
and we'll all do the best our conscience will
allow us for them. Adios now.

—THE EDITOR.

inspiring True Picture-Stories of
Adventure and Achievement!

 HONE-SfilOY

BRINGS BIGGER PAY

 Don’t be
 Prepare for

             when Opportunity knocks,
             and more money by train-

B- e now lor the job ahead. Free 48-Page Books Tell
me. Write for the book on the business field you like
—or mail us this ad with your name and address to
the margin. Note, please.

   OHigher Accountancy OBuslne** Management
   GTroffic Management ^Salesmanship
   CLow—Degree of LL.B. DEipert Bookkeeping
   CCommercial Law	DC. P. A. Coaching

            □Steootypy (Machine Shorthand)

G. I. APPROVED

LASALLE EXTENSION UNIVERSITY

A Correspondence Institution
Depf. 5329-R 417 So. Deorbom St. ChltogoS

     RHEUMATISM

                 ARTH RITIS-N EU RITIS-SCIATICA
If you eufferlthe agonizing; pains
•of these diseases when the usual
remedies have failed, learn about
a new trustworthy, modem, non*
itirgical treatment method. This raarvelou*
treatment I* completely explained In the 8aJI
Clinic’s FREE goolc. Write today. No obligation.
QALL CLINIC Dept 504 Exc*l«U>r Spring., Mo.

 NORSE MASTERY!

m

 t HOMY - A GREAT VOCAtlONI

  The EXPERT HORSEMAN

IOOK-TdbU-Te.*«ta^^

                    X COLTS. <5 Alt SHOW HO*SO. TIAJN	_

                    •OOCO. jroc* -4 «ACI MO«SCS. Hia| I AO KAVT^ _

                    >u*oa any HOflU TIAJN Otcui rtxx ho*s«. w*.ti tooati

ANIMAL LOVERS ASSOCIATION

          •OX TH.1J7	TARZAMA. CALIFORNIA

Approved by Parents and Teachers!

Now On Sale 10c At All Stands

113

Aslountling new Jim
Major Home Method
teaches you to play
guitar easily, quickly, without long hours

   radioing scales or exercises. No musical
   ' dge necessary. Play many popular
   songs, hymns in very short time. 30 lessons,
   complete course for only $1.69. EXTRA —
   BIG 53 SONG BOOK included without addi-
   tional cost. Send no money . .. pay postman
   $1.69 plus postage. (Cash with order we pay
   postage.) Money back guarantee. Send today
   to Jim Major, Room 15-E, 230 East Ohio,
   Chicago 11, III
Thunder
ritfesme

           When hot-headed, handjome lew* McConles gallops reck-
           lessly along a trail Ihot con lead only to Doming gunplay,
           o million-acre cottle empire trembles in the balance.
           Brother war* on brother In on oclion-pocked, swift-
           •hooting story of the great American Southwest in it*
           sprawling, brawling infoncy.

  Don't miss

DUEL IN THE SUN

  smash success of current
  western novels, complet*
  ond unabridged (originally
  o $2.50 best seller),
  now available in a glossy
  POPULAR LIBRARY edition
  for 25c. Get DUEL IN THE
  SUN today.

At ALL
NEWSSTANDS
NOW I

POPULAR
LIBRARY

looks of Proven Merit

Starred in S6.000.000 Technicolor Production

JENNIFER JONES

  GREGORY PECK

JOSEPH COTTEN
Can you remember when there wasn’t an

1.	C. S.? Not unless you’re well over 55 years
of age — for that is how long these world-
famous schools have been making Training
for Success readily available to all.

  Before I. C. S., multitudes of potentially
able men and women had no place to turn for
the knowledge they needed in mastering re-
warding careers. Today there’s no excuse for
any one anywhere to struggle under the handi-
cap imposed by lack of training.

  If you are one of the many without time or
opportunity to attend traditional schools . . .
if it’s necessary for you to do your learning
while you’re earning ... I. C. S. is especially
designed for you. Whatever your interest,
you’ll find it covered by one of the 400 I. C. S.

Courses in technical and business subjects.
However you’re situated, this training can
be yours.

  The records of thousands of successful
students demonstrate that today’s 1. C. S.
student is tomorrow’s leader. The same Oppor-
tunity they seized is at your door right now.
That’s what I. C. S. means to you ... if you
are alert, forward-looking, determined to get
ahead. You can prove your alertness by mail-
ing the coupon right now.

INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOLS

                              BOX 3970-H, SCRANTON 9. PENNA.

 Without cost or obligation, please send me full particulars about the course before which I have marked X:

 Air Conditioning and	□ Structural KoKKicerin*	0 lo'lujitrial KnRineerin*	Tortile Cour

 Wlal m Klnn I #1» i u Ac	r~	a _ . .1 \	f .1..... * 1 1 I . ft

Plumbing Courses

O	Air Conditioning

□	Heating □ Plumbing

□	Refrigeration □ Steam Fitting
Chemistry Courses

□	Chemical Engineering

□	Chemistry. Analytics]

□	Chemistry. Industrial

□	Chemistry. Mfg. Iron 4 Steel

□	Petroleum Refining □ Plastic*
D Pulp and Paper Making

 □	Surveying and Mapping
 Communications Coun

 E Electronic*

 I

 _ Practical Telephony
 C Radio. General
 C Radio Operating

 □	Radio Servicing

 □	Telegraph Engineering
 Electrical Courses

 □	Electrical Drafting

 □	Electrical Engineering

Civil Engineering. Arehlt.o- °	1«h.t *n.d l'«*«

tnral and Mining Cnun.t P UlhtlM TodlmOM

tural and Mining Cou

□	Architectural Drafting
D Architecture

C Bridge and Building Foreman

□	Building Estimating
G Civil Engineering

□	Coal Mining

□	Contracting and Building
D Highway Engineering

C Lumber Dealer
C Reading Structural Blueprint*

□	Sanitary Engineering

□	Structural Drafting

.Vcme_

City—

                    -AU(-

 -8 Cate—

Working Hourt-

-AM. to-

          Courses

  □	Cotton Manufacturing

 □	Rayon Weaving

  □	Teatile Designing

 □	Woolen Manufacturing
 Business and
 Acadomlc Coursos

 □	Practical Electrician
 Internal Combustion
 Engines Courses

 □	Auto Technician □ Aviation

 □	Diesel-Electric

 □	Diesel Engines □ Gas Engine*
 Mechanical Coursoc

 □	Aeronautical Engineering

 □	Aircraft Drafting

 □	Flight Engineer

□	Foundry Work

 □	Heat Treatment of Metali

 D Industrial Metallurgy
 0 Machine Shop

 □	Mechanical Drafting

 □	Mechanical Engineering
 D Mold-Loft Work

 □	Patterninaking—Wood. Metal
 C Heading Shop Blueprint*

 D Sheet-Metal Drafting

 □	Sheet-Metal Worker
 G Ship Drafting □ Ship Pitting

 □	Tool Designing
 D Too!making

 O Welding—Gas and Electric
 Railroad Courses

 □	Air Brake □ Car Inspector

 □	Diesel Locomotive

 □	Locomotive Engineer

 □	Locomotive Fireman
 O Railroad Section Foreman

 Steam Engineering Courtot

 □	Boilerzuaking

 □	Combustion Engineering
 0 Engine Running

 B Marine Engineering
 Steam Electric □ Steam Engines □ Traffic Management
 Home
 —Addret*

□	Accounting □ Advertising

□	Arithmetic □ Bookkeeping

 □	Business Correspondence

□	Business Management

 □	Certified Public Accounting

□	Commercial

 □	Cost Accounting
 O Fedcml Tax

 □	Fir»t Year College

□	Foremnrwhip Q French

□	Good English □ High School

 □	Higher Mathematics

 O Illustrating □ Motor Traffio

 □	Postal Service

 □	Salesmanship □ Secretarial

 □	Sign Lettering

□	Spanish □ Stenography

 -Present Position-

Length of Service In World War II-

Special (union ralei to mrmhnt ol Ihe Aimed forcet. Enrollment under Ike G.l. Bill ol ftiahti opuror.tl lor ll’or II Veteran.
Canadian reiidentt tend coupon lo International Correspondence Sehooh Canadian. Ltd.. Montreal. Canada.
"IV!READY" FLASHLIGHT

BATTERY LASTS
93% LONGER!

  Tiny Cell Packs
  Enough ENERGY to
  Hit 200 Home Runs!

 Like baseball' Like 10
 raise the roof when your
 favorite slugger blasts
 one out of the park/
 Then here's news: I he
 amazing new 'Eveready''
 flashlight cell contains
 energy equal to the
 amount needed to smash
 act 200 major /ensue
 homers! Lxlra power
 makes 'Eveready'' bat-
 teries the season s cham-
 pion for brilliant, last-
 ing, low-cost light!

NATIONAL CARBON COMPANY, INC.

3D East 42nd Street. New York l~. \. Y
Unit of I'won Carbide |iMM and Carbon Corporation

Nearly tu-Ue the dec-,
irii energy . . . almost
two limei longer tile
of brilliant white light
than even famous pre.
war Evereadv Hash
light batteries. Thai •
todays hi$k-ener(r
''Eveready battery . j>
proved b> tbt Light
Industrial flashlight
test devised b» the
American Standards
Association.

 93% MORE ENERGY

 WHAT a supercharger is to a racing car-the new
 "Eveready" battery is to your flashlight. It'packs
 in the energy"—93more of it than even the great
 pre-war "Eveready" cells gave you! You get nearly
 double the life ... maximum light for nearly tu ice as
 long. For good service... better light...best quality...
 get these new ' Eveready" brand flashlight batteries!