PRICE IO CE

BY THE YEAR. $199

  hardships off he

    RAILROAD
    PIONEERS

                     ■f. • -,^r.

                           llfel ’77- W£$tMl£g^§i'll • .

                                                   '■■■ r-

M AY
\    _ 
*    
       
       
^cacC mcftwny f/(avtifcu udect

Mother’s Day

Is when she moulds the habits, health and beauty of her children.
Beauty and softness of skin texture are the natural heritage of nearly
all infants. Unfortunately, this birth boon is often undervalued and
neglected, with the result that the beauty gradually disappears.

   The use ot common impure soaps is answerable for much of this
skin deterioration, and for this there is no excuse, since the best and
purest of all skin soaps

 Pears’ Soap

is really more economical than ordinary soaps, because of the fact that it lasts twice
as long. The pre-eminence of Pears’ Soap all the world over is easily accounted
for. It is composed entirely of natural beauty preserving ingredients. Its emollient
action ensures the skin of a permanent softness and delicacy of color, and exercises
a protective influence that keeps it in perfect condition.

     Pears is all solid soap purity and goodness having no water mixed with it. and
being unaffected by heat or cold. Since 17S9 Pears has been the Mother’s Soap of
the world.

       The general idea of Mother’s Day is a simultaneous observance in every country of the love and reverence
       men, women and children owe to a good mother. The second Sunday in May is observed as Mother’s Day
       throughout the United States. The Movement is not denominational—Every society and organization is asked
       to unite in making the observance universal. Do some distinct act ot kindness to the sick or unfortunate,
       in loving remembrance of your mother. The White Carnation is the Mother’s Day special flower.

             "All rights secured "

   OF ALL SCENTED SOAPS PEARS’ OTTO OP ROSE IS THE BES 7
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

   “What makes the Victor tone so sweet, clear and natural, and of such
splendid volume?’’ people ask as they become captivated by the unequaled
Victor tone-quality.

   The “goose-neck" construction of the tone-arm is largely responsible. A
little thing in itself, but a great big thing in what it accomplishes.

    It puts the weight of the sound-box in the proper place and at the proper
angle to get the best results from every record.

    Its flexibility enables the reproducing point to follow the lines of the sound-
waves so closely that every detail is reproduced with absolute fidelity.

   And besides improving the tone, the “goose-neck” adds to the convenience
of using the Victor.

   This exclusive patented “goose-neck" is only one of the many valuable
features that help to make the Victor the world’s greatest musical instrument.

   If you have never heard a Victor of the present day. go to the nearest
Victor dealer’s and hear it. You’ll be astonished at the height of perfection
it has reached in recent years.

And be sure to hear the Victor-Victrola

Victor Talking Machine Co., Camden, N. J., U.S.A.

Berliner Gramophone Co., Montreal, Canadian Distributors
To get best results, use only Victor Needles on Victor Records
New Victor Records are on sale at all dealers on the 28th of each month

The patented Victor "goose-neck"
tone-arm in playing position.

The patented Victor "goose-neck''
tone-arm when not in use.

In unsiccriiif/ this tidvvrtisemcnt it is •lesirnblc that you mention The RailbqAd Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

   With Colgate’s, you now have your choice of three
   methods—Stick, Powder or Cream. The result is the
   same, for whichever you use, you o-et the perfect

COLGATE’S

SHftOlNG LATHER

Softening, soothing, sanitary. The most wiry beard yields
(juickK to the blade. \ our skin is left with a sensation of
coolness, comfort and refreshment.

 Colgate’s is the safest lather because of its proved antiseptic qualities.
 l.)o not ill-treat your face or handicap your razor by using an inferior lather.

 Trial size of Stick, Powder or Cream sent for four cents.

 COLGATE & CO., Dept. 55. 199 Fulton Street. New York

In 'mtwerina this advertisement it is 'tcsirablc that you nun/ion The Railroad Man's Magazine.
 THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE

CONTENTS FOR MAY

SERIALS.

The Thousand-Mile Ticket. Part II.........Dan Duane.......617

Dr. Jourdan's Mystery. Part II..........C. W. Beels.......655

Baker of the Bad Lands. Part II..........W. T. Percival......703

Vanishing Railroaders. Part IV...........John W. Saunders.....750

SHORT STORIES.

Crompton's Train Robber Clue I Illustrated.).....J. R. Stafford . .

Captured by Cheyennes............R. M. West . .

The Secret Red Lights. In two parts. 1.......Harry Bed well .

Check 7-87-45. (Illustrated.)..........Edgar Welton Cooley

Honk and Horace. (Illustrated.)..........Emmet F. Harte .

Catching the Boat. (Illustrated.).........George Foxhall . .

5	feet 5 vs: 6 feet 3.............Lillian Bennet-Thompson

The Man Who Listened............Benjamin Rush Thornbury

Against Great Odds. (Illustrated.).........Earle C. Wight ....

 586

 601

 631

 641

 677

 692

 713

 728

 737

SPECIAL ARTICLES.

The Railroad Builders. Part 1...........Walter Gardner Seaver . . .	577

Great American Train Robberies. No. 16......Howard Morris ......	595

Observations of a Country Station-Agent. No. 36. (Illustrated.) J. E. Smith.......609

The New Atlantic Gateway. (Illustrated.)......John Walters......626

First Fight for a Railway. Part U.........Felix G. Prentice.....667

The A. B. C. of Freight Rates. Part III.......John C. Thomson.....686

When the Con Was “Called.” True Story No. 56 . . . Sam Henry.......700

A Family Railroad . . .-...........Dennis H. Stovall.....711

Ten Thousand Miles by Rail. No. 12. (Illustrated.) . .	Gilson Willets . . \ . . .	718

Coddling the " Old Girl ’’...........Thaddeus S. Dayton ....	733

Record Runs of Millionaires...........George Jean Nathan ....	745

VERSE AND DIVERSE.

Hands Up! (Poem.).............Thomas R. Ybarra

The Railroad Alphabet.............George F. Merritt

By the Light of the Lantern...................

A Schoolboy's Description of an Engine...............

Lullaby of the Wheels. (Poem.).........J. Edward Hungerford

The Sunny Side of the Track

                                                                         .	584
                                                                         . 594

                                                                         .	648

                                                                        .	676

                                                                        .	699

                                                                            .	731

The Railroad Man's Brain Teasers............... ....	758

MISCELLANEOUS.

Some High Bridges........593

Horse Power for Luxuries......600

And What Did the Con Say? . . . .	616

Government Inspection of Engines . . .	629

The Good Samaritans.......630

Value of an Apprenticeship.....647

Story of a Fast Train.......654

Solid Steel Wheels........675

Cutting Down Casualties......684

First Aid to the Injured......685

Japanese Smoke Preventer......698

Duties of a Fireman........502

Freight-Car Held for a Bird.....712

Steel Mail Cars Only.......749

Good Mileage Record.......749

On the Editorial CarDet......759

ISSUED MONTHLY BY THE FRANK A. MVNSEY COMPANY
175 Fifth Avenue. New York, and Temple House. Temple Avenue. E. C., London

             Fr»>x a.	PfHlilAt	Kiciuno H. TmiliinrQTON, Secretary.	CmufrroriiEit H. I'om. Treuurer.

Single Copies. 10c.	Copyright, ion, by The Fr»nk A. Muuaey Company	By the Year. $1.00

         OUeretI a/ itetmd-eUui matter, September 6, 190G, at the I'ott-Ojjlre, ,it Neto York, N. F., under the Act of Congrett oj March 3, 1879.
Qi

Advortiiing

In the Mu nls ey Magazines

                         l.me Rate
Munsey's Magazine	$2.50 |

The Scrap Book
The Argosy

The All-Story Magazine
I'lie Railroad Man’s Magazine
The Cavalier	.61)

June RaUroad Man's iUa;/n- *026
tine forms Close April 20tli.

Special

Combination

Rate

 $5.50

   DEPARTMENT maintained for
the small advertiser and for the
convenience of the reader in quickly
locating a wide variety of necessities
for the home, the office, the farm, and
for the man or woman who seeks busi-
ness opportunities. There is virtually
no want that may arise which cannot
be supplied in these classified adver-

tlSinjf	Semi forlutereatiof lmoklet

    &	ou cuBaifleU A.lverti-iiig.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

 A BONANZA ! PI'Sll-POINT LEAD PENCIL. WITH
Sliarprner Thai Slips Over Eraser When Not I:i Use!!
i.Sharpener weighs I UU'I ouncet : solves penell economics
problem better than devices costing more than ten times
as mnch: no whittling away wood, always same length:
100% profit at ten cents: sells on sight: outlasts ordi-
nary pencil three t" tive limes. Semi ten cents silver—-
an stliinps— for sample and terms. Apex Sii.es Co..
1224-1226 17til Street. Heaver. Colorado._

  REl'UKSBNT l:S in exclusive territory and earn 10"’ii
lir.itii selling patent gas cooking appliance that every house-
wife wants on sigh I. Good proposition for men and women
to work individually or organize and direct selling «-rews.
A. Dei keb. Sales Manager. 37 E. 2Stli St.. New York.

 slot. MONTHLY AND EXPENSES TO TRUSTWORTHY
men and women t" travel ami distribute samples: big
ma'imfaeturer. Steady work. S. SCIIBH'FEB, Treas.. MPl-i2.
<'lilcago.________

  AGENTS—A PROFIT FOR YOU in selling Eureka Wa-
ter Strainers, other household necessities. upward daily.
Let us prove it. Free siunples before you buy. Send two

cents mailing cost. M. Seep Eii.teb Co.. New York._

  MAKE $20 DAILY opera ting our Minute Picture Ma-
chines. Experience unnecessary. Small investment; large

profits Free I.....k. testimonials, etc. Write: American

Mimti: Photo Co.. Dept. 42. Chicago. 111._

  AGENTS EARN BIO MONEY WEEKLY selling our new
styles embroidered waisi patterns, princess dresses, petti-
coats. art linens, drawn work, silk shawls and scarfs, etc

Catalogue free. .1. Gl.iJCK, 021 B'way. New York._

  W \ \ TED—Agent- to s.ii printers, engineers; motor.......

anybody who wants clean bands. I'm nco. The Perfect Hand
Soap and Household cleanser. Let anybody try a sample
and you make a quick sale. Add .S12 per week easily to your
income. We want hustling representatives in every shop.
Enclose ltle for full size can and particulars. Address Box
P.. The .1. T. RoBEiiTso.N Ch.. Manchester. Conti.

 AGENTS. MILLIONS OF HOUSEHOLDS USE LAMPS.
Our Sun-Bay mantle kerosene burners tit all lamps. Cheaper
than gas. Prices defy competition. Particulars fro*1. Sim-
plex Gasught Co.. Dept. 20. New York._____

 WANTED—SALESMEN. GOOD COMMISSIONS PAID
to high-grade men. Fine opportunity for active, able men.
Aiva men write. I'mhv Enoixeerini; Company. Co lull!

Ilia. South Carolina.___

 SALESMAN—AS LOCAL MANAGER—to handle com-
plete line of formaldehyde fumigators. liquid soap, floor
oil. liquid wax. disinfectants and sanitary supplies: goods
used by C. s. Uov.-rument. Now York Central and Pennsyl-
va iin 1:. I:. The Foruiacone On., no Church St.. New York.
~Till- HOME CLOTHES SPKINIvI.EB- A new household

.......ssii.v. Something every housekeeper will buy on siaht.

Mild.' til lit pill! 111- 1 .-pint buttles. Send JOc for sample and
start now. Van Mrn. Co.. 185 Franklin St.. Boston. Mass.

  AGENTS—*50 weekly. We manufacture the best needle
ease made: a wonderful seller: 2on<-; to 500'; profit: talk-
ing unnecessary: our "Trust Scheme" Envelopes do the
work: general agents can make $100 weekly: send 10c for
:i 25c sample lontaininu 115 needles: particulars free.

Patv Neeui.e I'll., 2o:; I'nlon Si|.. Somerville. Mass._

 GOOD HUSTLERS CAN MAKE FOR THEMSELVES
elegant future, sellim: ’’Raincoats.” We are manufacturers.
New proposition. Write for interesting particulars. Reoai.

IlAtNi HAT Co.. Dept. (111. 1.107 Broadway. New York._

 LIVE AGENTS WANTED—HUSTLERS TO HANDLE
our attractive IS-1 I combination packages of soap and
toilel articles with valuable premiums. One Michigan
nirent made *(!5 in 47 lirs.: another $21 in 8 hrs. : an-
other *22.50 in lo Ins. Write today. Davis Soap Works.
269 Davis Building. 1420 Carroll Ave.. Chicago.

  TIIF. GREAT FRUIT CANNING TOOLS. The Milwau-
kee Fruit Jar Holder and Wrench 500 other red hot
sellers. Samples of best sellers and big catalog sent free.
Geo. Y. Eogken Co.. Milwaukee. Wis.

AGENTS & SALESMEN WANTED

  WIDE AWAKE SALES AGENTS to sell personally and
organize sales force on new and winning invention. Liv
agents lnnko extraordinary profits the year round. Preston
litirmau. West Virginia, writes: "Sales first day $52.40—
first liv.- days S22S.II1." Our advertising doe’s halt tli-
work. Here is your best opportunity in 1911 for making
bia income. Oivt- full particulars first letter. The Peogeess
Cmmi-am. 020-210 Mouroe St.. Chicago.

  GE1 A NOBBY MADE-TO-MEASURE SUIT at wholesale
cost. We show the most beautiful and exclusive fashions and
fabrics and guarantee a perfect tit. All goods are shipped

express prepaid subject to 24 hours' examination. We ......i

an agent in your town. If you want to double your income,
write for our GO handsome fabrics and fashion plates
Paragon Tailoring Co.. Dept. IS. Chicago. 111.

  AGENTS I'AN MAKE 500% PROFIT handling our
Gold Window Letters. Novelty Signs, and Chanaeabl*-
Signs, son varieties. Unlimited demand. Catalogue free.
St i i.ivan Co.. 12:;2 Van Buren St.. Chicago. 111.

  A t! E NTS—PO RT'R AITS 35c. FRAMES 15c^ SHEET
I’ll TI KES lc. Stereoscopes 25c. Views lc. 30 days’
credit. S’ifilljihy mul Cntaloi/ Free. <Vi.N'soi.idateo I’oi:
Tit ait. Dept. 1105. 1027 W. Adams St.. Chicago._

  1	WILL START YOU earning $4 daily at home iu spare
tine', silvering mirrors. No capital Anyone can do the
work. Send for free instructive booklet, givina plans of
operation. G. I-’. Reomonii, Dept. B.. Boston. Mass.

  MEN AND WOMEN—If you want work, sell guaranteed
hosiery to wearer. Big commissions: make $10 daily; ex-
perience unnecessary. Address International Mii.i.s.
::n27 Chestnut Street. Philadelphia. I’a.

  AGEN TS make big money selling our new gold letters for
office windows, store fronts, and glass signs. Any one '-an
put them nil. Write today for free sample and full partlcit-
lars. Metali.h Sign Letter Co.. 413 N. Clark St.. Chicago.

  AGENTS MAKE BIG MONEY—Big pay. no experience,
no capital required. 5000 new art specialties: photo pillow
tops 25c, portraits 30c, bromides 25c. New 1911 catalog and
samples frit. Write. Daniei. 11. Bitter Co.. Madison
Street. Chicago. 111.___

  $25 WEEKLY AND EXPENSES TO MEN AND WOMEN
to collect names, distribute samples and advertise. Steady
work. II. Emery. MK.M2. Chicago. 111.

HELP WANTED

  IF YOl CAN READ AND WRITE and are willing '■>
try. will teach, train and equip you to be a top-notch,
scientific salesman. A splendid position with us is then
yours. No previous experience necessary. We want "I can'-
and “7 will” men l'or our permanent sales force. This is
an opening for the man who wants to be a real salesman
with exceptional money-making opportunities. If you be-
lieve in doing business on a “1U0honesty basis." if you
want "success,” if your wishbone is not where your back-,
bone ought to be. write us today for full particulars.
Stack. Burroughs & Company (manufacturers’ repre-
sentatives i. •"•11 Michigan Ave.. Chicago. Offices 702.

MOTOR CYCLES

  MOTORCYCLES—1911 M.M. TOI-RlNt; MODEL. Has
more actual features than all others. Idler, fret1 engim*.
roller bearings, etc. Agents wanted everywhere. American
Maxitacti him; Costi'axv. Brockton. Mass.

INVESTMENTS

 HAVE YOF FIVE DOLLARS PER MONTH I" IN-
VEST fur fourteen months in a Mexican plantation for
ilie growing of a very profitable fiber product, that ought
t.» pa.v you big within two years? If so. write I nitko
States & Mexican Trust Company. Mexico City. M-\i*••
Assets. §2.000,000.

In answerin'/ anp advertisement on this paac it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine,
THE RAILROAD MAN’S -MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

BUSINESS & CORRESPONDENCE
SCHOOLS

 LEARN BOOKKEEPING. 25 CENTS. OUR COURSE
consists of twenty-six lessons: you pay 25 cents for each
lesson as you progress. Total cost. $6.50. Our method
is simple and thorough, up-to-date and successful. You
don't have to pay $5.00 #*r $3;00 a mouth, but simply
25 cents for each lesson. If you don't like it. you stop.
.Many satisfied students. Send us a silver quarter to-
day and start the course which should put you on the
road to better pay. Cox & Beck. Accountants. Warburton
RnildinYonkers. New York. _

  MOTION PICTURE PLAYS WANTED. You can write
them. We teach you by mail. No experience necessary. Wri-
ters earn $50 :t week. Demand increasing. For particulars
address Ass'n M. I*. Schools. 112 Clark St.. Chicago.

  MEN WANTED: EVERY RAILROAD COMPANY wants
signal engineers. There are positions for every graduate
enrolled with us before August 1st. 1911. Send for free
catalog No. 70 for full particulars. The School or Rail-
way Sigxauxc. Utica. N. Y.. U. S. A.

  YOUNG MAN. Big demand for Automobile Experts. A
few weeks' study in your own homo qualifies you. Earn
$.“,5 to $50 a week. Job a cinch. Models free to every
student. Small down payment starts you. Write today
for our free prospectus with sample lessons, also plan to
earn cost of course. Buffalo Automobile School.
US Centaur Building. Buffalo. N. Y._

  YOU ARE WANTED FOR GOVERNMENT POSITIONS.
$$0.00 and over per month. Annual vacations. Short
hours. No “layoffs.” Common education sufficient. Over
12.000 appointments coming this year. Influence unneces-
sary. Send postal Immediately for list of positions open.
Franklin Institute. Dept. H2, Rochester. N. Y.

  LEARN AUTOMOBILE BUSINESS. We teach you at
home. Get you $25.oo weekly job. $10.00 weekly while
learning. Rochester Auto. School. Dept. 1452. Rochester.
New York._

  SHORTHAND IN 30 DAYS—Boyd Syllabic System—
written with only nine characters. No “ positions."
'• ruled lines.” " shading,” *' word-signs,” nor '* cold
notes." Speedy, practical system that can be learned in
30 days of home study, utilizing spare time. Chicago
Correspondence Schools. 811-112 Clark St.. Chicago.

BUSINESS OPPORTUNITIES

  MEN ANI» WOMEN to sell Whitcomb's * Flexsole.” un-
lined shoe for women: no tacks, no seams, no lining: ad-
vertised in magazines 0 years ; handsome income assured ;
all orders filled the same day received; protected territory.
Eastern Shoe Co.. 240 Broadway. Beverly. Mass.

  FASCINATING. Money-Making Mail Order Business at
home. Anyone anywhere can conduct it. New plans.
Everything furnished. Free Booklet tells how. Write to-
day. R. C. Foote. Box 254. Muskegon, Mich.

FOR THE DEAF

  TO THOSE HARD OF HEARING—An efficient aid sent
!<»r trial. No expense, no risk, no contract, no money unless
device be kept. Address I». U., Tiemann & Co., 107 Park
K.*w. New York.

FOR THE HAIR

  DON'T BE BAI.D OK PREMATURELY GRAY. Sion
your hair falling. Use our cap a few minutes each day It
means perfect health for the hair—the only sure scientific
treatment. 30 days' trial free We submit proof. IIyoienic
v vet i m C.vi* Co.. 200 B Slberly Bldg.. Rochester. N. Y.

FOR THE LAME

  THE PERFECTION EXTENSION .SHOE for .my person
with one short limb. N*« more unsightly cork soles, irons,
etc.. needed. Worn with re.o'y made shoes. Shipped on trial.
Write for booklet. IIhxicy 1; I otz. 313 Third Ave . N. Y.

FOR MEN

 FREE—AN IMPORTED IRISH LINEN HANDKER
CHIEF with our $1.00 men's outfit of 1 pair French Guyot
Suspenders, known for 00 years for their surpassing qual-
ity and durability, at 50 cents, 1 pair of socks, I nail
Garters, both of Guyot quality, at 25 cents each, all for
$1.00 postpaid to you. Fullest value even without the
handkerchief. You will be delighted or money refunded,
we payiug return postage. Fair, isn't it? T. S. Todd

&	Co.. 42'Broadway, New York.

PATENT ATTORNEYS

PATENTS THAT PROTECT A N11 PAY.

 Highest reference!!: best results. Send I’m list ..f inren-
 iions Wanted. Patents advertised tree. Send sketcli or
 model for fret search. Watson E. Coleman. Patent
 Lawyer, ligg E Street. Washington. D. C.

PATEN'i SECURED OR FEE RETURNED. SEND
sbetcli for free report as to patentability, Guide Book and
II lint in Iiilimii. with valuable list of Inventions Wanted,
sent free. <hn Million hollars offered for one invention.
Patents secured by us advertised free iu World's Progress :
sample lr.-c Vicmi: .1. Evans & Co.. Washington. D. r.

GAMES AND ENTERTAINMENTS

NEW INVENTION CONCEALED IN THE ROOT OF
Mul III, the perfect mouse imitator. If ladies are near,
try it. Gee. it's fun. Watch them grab their skirts,
leu cents. S. .1. Kikkwood, Klemme. Iowa.

VENTRILOQUISM

 LEARN YENTR11.1IQU ISM in a few hours. New wilunil
 method. Big money, great fun. I want representatives every-
 where. Free interesting booklet tells how. Send stamp.
 W. II. Bailey. 771 Iglehart. St. Paul. Minn.

PICTURE POST-CARDS

At'ENTS WANTED. We want agents in every town In
America. We shipped 12,ihm> packages during 11(10. Get In
line with a live house, send 10c in stamps lor our puekage
ot Samples ATiacnv Post i’ard Co.. st. Loafs, Mu.

POPULAR SHEET MUSIC

S< i.NC WRITERS—COMPOSERS. Send us your songs and
lust. Mss. Publication guaranteed if acceptable. Xew York
is-tin- only plncr, mul li e m i Xrv: York's leading music mb
Ushers. Known everywhere. F. B. Havii.axd Pitb. Co.,
156 West artli St., New York.

REAL ESTATE

CALIFORNIA

MOVING WEST—Don't sell your household g.mds—ship
them at reduced rates in through cars to and from Western
Stales. TitASscvriNKXTAi. Fiikikiit Cm..	Bedford

 Bldg.. Chicago. 111.: 053-29 Broadway. New York.

FLORIDA

II	INTEltESTEIi IN SOUTH FLORIDA, write Board
mi ’I cade. Taiupa. Fla, Your name will he bulletined among

 r.O real estate agents, newspapers, railroads......1 you'll re

I'i.ive lunch interesting liierature. “Tampa 14:1.2% City."

FLORIDA FARM-HOMES secured at fraction usual
cost. Co-operative Land Clult will buy tine tract near
Tampa and divide at wholesale rates. Club of 000 re-
cently located near this tract on same plan. Desirable
members invited. A. I:. Hawk. Secretary. Tampa, Fla.

STAMPS AND RARE COINS

 S7.75 I’AII» for nnr date 1853 Quarters. $20 for a
 Keep all money dated before .1884. and send 10c at once for
 New Illustrated Coin Value Book. 4x7. It may mean your
 fortune. Clark & Co., Coin Dealers. Dept. 37. Le Roy. N.Y.

 s i IMPS -100 all different. Album and Hinges only 12c.
 2o Russia loe. iooo all different stamps $2—20 different
 foreign coins 25c. We buy stamps and coins. Buying lists
 I Or. Toi.edo Stamp Co.. Toledo. Ohio.

TRADE SCHOOLS

PLUMBING. ELECTRICITY. BRICKLAYING. Painting
taught in :i few months. V. age limit. Positions secured.
Free Catalogue. Gek.u Eastkisn Traiie School. 49 E.
:!2d St.. N. V. city, and I -1 South 23d St.. Philadelphia.

TELEGRAPHY

TELEGRAPHY. BOTH MORSE AND WIRELESS, tauglil
quickly. Also Station Agency Work. R. R. Dispatcher's and
Western Union wires, and complete wireless station in
school. Rig demand for operators. Living expenses earned.
Correspondeni " ourses if desired. Catalogs free. DODGE'S
Institute. Otl* St.. Valparaiso. Ind. Established 1 *74.

TYPEWRITERS

GENUINE TYPEWRITER BARGAINS. No matter
what make, will quote you lower prices and easiest terms.
Write for big bargain list and illustrated catalogue.
L. J. Peabody. 03 Minot Bldg., Boston, Mass.

In answering any advertisement on this paae it is desirable that yon mention The Railroad Man's Magazine,
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  flere’s a Good JOB

EARN $25 TO $50 WEEKLY
In Automobile Business

Chauffeurs, Automobile Salesmen, Demon-
strators and Repairmen are in big demand
everywhere. The field is new, work pleas-
ant, and anyone can learn. We teach you
in 10 weeks of study during spare time to
become thoroughly efficient. Our course of
instruction by mail is simple, practical, and
very interesting. Besides, we assist you to
secure a good position. Free model of auto-
mobile to every student.

      Flrftt LeHNOii Sent Free— Write .\ow

Don’t miss this offer	* Send us a postal to-day

Empire Auto. Institute, 503 Empire Bldg.

The Original Automobile School	Rochester, N. Y.

Chauffeurs and competent men supplied owners and garages.

            $3,000 to $10,000
            Per Year For You

                       11 can make you prosperous If you
 I want to earn more money—if you
 [want to establish yourself in an in
 dependent business requiring no
 capital —send me your name and
 address on coupon below (or a
 costal will do) and I will mail you,
 free, our Big: 62-Page Book,
 fully explaining just how you can fit
 yourself to earn big mouey in the
 Real Estate, Brokerage and In-
 surance Business. Our thoroughly tested successful sys-
 tem not only equips you fully on every point of Real Estate.
 Brokerage and Insurance, we also givo you free, a valuable
 course in C ommercial Law. Our Free Book is of great Inter-
 est to anyone, but is of vital Importance to Clerks, Book
 Keepers, Salesmen. Agents. Solicitors and others who are
 ambitious to be in a good paying business of their own.

International Realty Corp., mi Manhattan Bldg.. Chicago

Successors to The Cross Co. and H. W. Cross & Co

Tbis Book
Shows You
How to Suc-
ceed in Real
Estate, Brok-
erage and
Insurance

    Send no money
 but merely your na:
 and address on a postal or
 on the Coupon below.

This 62 Pa£e S

»FE

NAME.........

 ADDRESS .

A Happy
 Marriage

 Depends largely on a
 knowledge of the whole
 truth about self and
 sex and their relation to iife and health.
 This knowledge does not come intelli-
 gently of itself, nor correctly from ordinary
 everyday sources.

 Sexology

Illustrated )

 By William H. Walling J/., M. D.,
 imparts in a clear, wholesome way, in one
 volume :

Knowledge a Young Man Should Have.

       Knowledge a Young Husband Should Have.
       Knowledge a Father Should Have.

       Knowledge a Father Should Impart to His Son.
       Medical Knowledge a Husband Should Have.

 Knowledge a Young Woman Should Have
 Knowledge a Yonng Wife Should Have
 Knowledge a Mother Should Have.

Knowledge a Mother Should Impart to Her Daughter.

 Medical Knowledge a Wife Should Have.

       All in one volume, illustrated, $2, postpaid.

Write for 41 Other People's Opinions’1 and Table of Contents.

Puritan Pub. Co., 762 Perry Bldg., Phila., Pa.

 $25 to $100 a Week

    a live wire Big salaries paid to our graduate
 Chauffeurs and autO experts. We are an accredite
 school with competent stall oi graduate engineer*,
 and teach you at home in 10 simple lessons to earn
 money and applet you to secure a position.
 Over 100 diagrams Included fn courte.
 Write lor pn.-pectus, cample pages. te?*
 timoufals from students and endor-e-
 meuis of 10 leading auto maker* —
 FKFE. ,Free mod?l to each student
 Practical Auto School
 66 H Heaver Street	New Vork

Salesmen Wanted

       Trained Salesmen earn from $1,200.00 to $10,000.00 a year,
   and expenses Hundreds of good positions cow open. -Ho
   experience needed to Bet one of them We will assist yon to
   secure a position where you can get Practical Experience as
   a Salesman and earn $100 a month or more while you are
   learning Write to-day for onr free book "A Knight of the
   Grip," list of good openings, and testimonials from
   cdreds of

 bund

  men recently placed in good positions.
  Address nearest office. Dept. 103

National Salesmen's Training Association
Chicago New York Kansas City Seattle New Orleans

Short-Story Writing

  A course of forty lessons in the history, form, struc-
  ture, and writing of the Short Story, taught by J. Berg
  K sen we in. Editor Lippincott’s Magazine. Ocer one
  hundred Home Study Courses under professors
  tu Harvard, Broten,Cornell and leading colleges.

250-page catalog free. Write to*day.

THE HOME CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL
Dept. 345. Springfield, Mass.

Wear Diamonds

                        Gratify your love for Diamonds at small cost. The
  taste for precious stones i6 a mark of refinement.
  Mexican Diamonds looK and wear as well af the
  Quest South African diamonds yet cost 1-30 the
  price Experts seldom can distinsnisn between the
  two. Mexican Diamond" stand acfd tests, are per-
  fectly diamond cut aud polished, and their wonder-
  ful, dazzling, blue-white brilliancy is Guaranteed Permanently
  Hrilliatit. Write Today for Free Illustrated Cata-
  logue and Our Free Examination Approval Offer.

THE MEXICA.V lll.tVOVD IMPOHTINU IOMP.IV1
Kept. KK 5, I.as Cruces, Xen Mexico
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

 THEY

 WORK

LEARN TO RUN/REPAIR

AUTOMOBILES FOR

  It’s easy with Dyke’s New
  System from Iyondou—the
  original and only system—
  using real Working Models.
  My Home Study Course consists of:
  29 Instructions (12 Book*), 120
  Chart*—and the models—/»'<>■. It
  costs but $10—thwb—others charge
  $20 to $80 for less. Everythin* sent
  at once — on approval — diploma
  when finished.

   Write today and let us sheMr you what hun-
   dreds »ay who are nolo earning hi? salaries.

  DYKE’S COR. SCHOOL MOTORING
  Box 4 - :t947 Washington, St. Loui*

  MANIKIN OF AN AUTOMOBILE

IT OPENS

“ HELP
WANTED”

Railway Mail Clerks

Clerks in the Departments at

Washington, D. C.

City Carriers Post Office Clerks

(>ver 15,000 positions will be filled
during 1911.

$8002°to $18002® aYeax

for LIFE/

 No" layoffs" without pay, because of strikes, financial
 flurries or the whims of some petty boss. Excellent
 opportunities for quick advancement to Higher cpvi>
 Government Positions. If you want imme-
 diate appointment, send TODAY for our	COUPON

 schedule showing locations and dates ofBELOW
 the Spring examinations. Anydelay^^^^ lP«-a 1 i
 means the loss of just so muchC rcxIlKIiri
 time in preparing yourself	I ncHfivfp

for examination.	,, IIISIIIUIC

                         Dept. H 112, Rochester, N. Y.
 We Prepare	The coupon, filled out as directed, en-

 Candidates^^^ titles the sender to a free copy of our book,
 Free.	‘'Government Positions and Howto Obtain

        ^ Them,” and to consideration for Free Coaching
        for the examination here checked.

COUPON —	—

.Railway Mall Clerk [180" to $14001
.l'ortofflce Clerk £$600 to $12001
.Postoffice Carrier [$600 «o $1200]
. . .Rural .Mall Carrier £$500 to $9001
...Bookkeeper [$900 to $1800J
Name...........................

 Customs Positions
 Internal Revenue
 Stenographer
 Clerk In the Depart-
 ments at Washington

HOW TO RUN AN AUTO

^	Learn Photography,	(j

Photo-Engraving or 3-Color Work

 Phntiisraphers and Kntfraver* Earn $20 lo SSO Per Week.

  Only fnlleRe in the world where these paying professions are taught
  Mun'pxsfiilly. &taWi*A«l 17 i/'m's. Kinloised bv International Associa-
  111111 ,,i I’boto-Engravera and Pfto toKraphor*’ Association of Illinois.
  T.m iii- easy: living inexpensive. Uiaduales aishtvd in M-enrlng good
  po.il bins. Write for ratalog, and tpccify euurse in irlnrh you are intended.
  Illinois College of Photography or I 784 Wabash Av.
  Bissell College of Photo-Engraving ) Effingham, 111.

                        I. H. B1SSKI.L, Pres.

CortsteniaL
Worfc ^

Lifelong
Positions

                  A

position
with the I'. S. Govern-
ment is one for a lifetime. The work
Is congenial, opportunities for advancement are
many, ami the pay pood. Not only this, but the dlfTer-
i enl lines of government work are so varied that there Is
I a position for you in your chosen line of work. If you are
an American over 18 you are eligible for a government
position once you pass the required civil service exami
nation. This you can learn to do at home, and in your
spare time, through the help of the International Cor-
respondence Schools. Hundreds of I.C. S. students have
won high positions In government service. You can do
the same. Everything made clear and simple. For full
particulars and free book giving list of various courses
and names of successful students, write to-day to
vVi INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENCE SCHOOL, 00X1003 -S. SCRANTON, PH.

   ••Homans' Self Propelled
Vehicles” gives full details on
successful care, handling and
how to locate trouble.

    Beginning at the first, prin-
ciples necessary to be known,
and then forward to the prin-
ciples used in every pari of a
Motor (Jar.

    It Is a thorough 1911 course
In the Science of Automobiles,
highly approved by manufac-
turers, owners, operators and
repairmen. Contains over
400 illustrations and dia-
grams, making every detail
clear, written in plain lan-
guage. Handsomely bound.

PRICE $2 POSTPAID

APPROVAL OFFER

    The only way the practical
merit of this .MANUAL can
be given Is by an examina-
tion of the book itself, which
we will submit for examina-
tion, to lie paid for or returned,
after looking it over.

Upon receipt of the following: agree-
ment, the book will be forwarded.

No money in advance required, sign and relurn

Theo. Audel <S. Co.. 63 Fifth Ave New York

 Klnilly mull me co|iy ol MoilIU UN* A lit omobllea, .11,1, If (01111,1
 UHltrifHclory, I will ImmrdUtely remit you li.00, or return the boot; It, you.

Name................ ................................................................

Occupation.............................................................................

ADDRK8S..............................................................1VII. Man’s, ft-’lt

Mr. Dyke is ihe man who originated ihe first Aulo Supply Co. in
America, and published the FIRST book on autos. You are safe in
dealing with him. You can't lose a cent—2 days’ trial examination.
C„„J	D _ _1 . "HOW TO GET INTO THE

jend tor DOOR : auto business.” rrs free

Aildreux........................................................H 112

Iii ’inswerlng any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Kaii,hoad Man's Maoazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

The Best of All Shortening
is Real Leaf Lard

   Tea Biscuits—Sifl one quart of flour with one tea-
 spoonful of sail, and ihree rounding teaspoonfuls of
 baking powder. Into this rub one large teaspoonful of
 Armour’s" Simon Pure" Leaf Lard. Add just enough
 •weet milk to make a dough easily handled. Roll out
 and bake for about fifteen minutes in very hot oven.

    Pie Paste—One level cup of pastry flour, one-half
 cup of Armour’s " Simon Pure" Leaf Lard, one-half
 teaspoon salt, one-fourth cup cold water. Mix salt and
 flour thoroughly, chop in tne lard, add water. Use as
 little flour as possible when rolling out. This makes a
 light, crisp, flaky and delicious pie crust.

   It is the shortening that made old-time cooks
famous for their wonderful hot breads, flaky pastry,
light and feathery cakes—all digestible as well as

delicious.

   These old-fashioned cooks rendered their own
lard—made it in open kettles just as “Simon Puie”
Leaf Lard is made today.

   Armour’s “Simon Pure" Leaf Lard is the fine,
pure, sweet, delicate lard our grandmothers had to
make for themselves, but even better because of
our wonderful facilities, materials and long years
of experience.

“Simon Pure”

LEAF LARD

is the very cream of the land — better than
butter when butter is called for because it doesn’t
cook so dry.
And while it costs a trifle more than ordinary lard
you need only use two-thirds as much.
There is just one way for you to get this finest
of all lard. Be sure the label reads Armour’s
“Simon Pure” Leaf Lard.

  Save this advertisement and try some of these
recipes. They will give you wonderfully good
results. Then write to us for “ Pastry Wrinkles,”
from which they are taken. We send it free.
Address

ABMOUR^COMPANY

Dept. G 152	Chicago

   New England Doughnuts—Scant cup granulated
 sugar, rounding tablespoonful " Simon Pure" Leaf Lard,
 cupful sweet milk, two eggs, one-fourth teaspoon salt,
 one-fourth teaspoon nutmeg, four cupfuls Hour, four
 rounding teaspoonfuls baking powder. Roll out one-
 fourth of an inch thick, cut and fry in Armour's
 "Simon Pure" Leaf Lard.

   Old-Fashioned Sugar Cookies—One cupful of
 Armour’s “ Simon Pure" Leaf Lard, three cupfuls sugar,
 three eggs, one cupful buttermilk, one level teaspoonful
 soda, one-half nutmeg grated, pinch of salt, two cupfuls
 pastry flour. Add enough flour to make a dough easily
 handled. Cut out one-eighth of an inch thick: cover
 with granulated sugar and bake a delicate brown.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE F&ILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE

Vol. XIV.	MAY, 1911.	No. 4.

 The Railroad Builders.

BY WALTER GARDNER SEAVER.

WHEN railroads throughout the West were warring with one another
for new territory and pushing their tracks through that part of Kansas
and Nebraska known ag the Great American Desert the intense rivalry
between the builders of competing roads often gave rise to incidents, many
of which are still unwritten history.

   The first instalment of Mr. Seaver’s series of stories told by promoters,
engineers, and contractors deals with the rough-and-ready tactics of these
Western railroad builders whom no obstacles however great could overcome,
and who sought to finish their work on time even if they had to help them-,
selves to the building material belonging to another line.

PART I.—THE FIGHT FOR RAILS.

Master-Strokes of Nerve, Daring, and Audacity That Marked the Efforts of
the Men Who Struggled To Win Supremacy for
the Roads They Were Building.

and Wichita, a part of the Missouri Pacific'
system. The Frisco system had a line run-
ning from Monett, Missouri, to Wichita,
but offered no competition to the Santa Fe,
as it was controlled by that line.

  The Southern Kansas, from Kansas City
to Independence and thence west to Medi-
cine Lodge, was the only line through the
Osage Diminished Reserve from east to
west, and the two southern tiers of counties
depended upon it entirely for their supply
of fuel and lumber. It was almost impos-
sible to get soft coal from the mines in south-

577

BATTLE FOR COUNTY AID BONDS.

Joab Mulvane Learns that It Pays to Have
Public Opinion Behind a Railroad.

1883 the freight and passenger
traffic of that part of Kansas
lying west of the Missouri, Kan-
sas and Texas Railroad and
south of the Arkansas River was
controlled by the Atchison, To-
peka and Santa Fe lines, with the exception
of what went to the St. Louis, Fort Scott
578

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

eastern Kansas during the winter of 1882-
1883, either for the reason that the Southern
Kansas did not have cars enough to serve the
territory, or because of a combination be-
tween the dealers and the railway to restrict
the supply and thus advance prices. What-
ever the cause, coal at any of the stations
west of Elk City cost from twenty-five to
forty cents a bushel, delivered.

  During the fall of 1882 an immense corn
crop had been gathered all through southern
Kansas, but the price was low, the grain
bringing but ten cents a bushel delivered at
the railroad. As a result, corn was used
for fuel, and made a quick and exceedingly
hot fire, though the majority of people found
that in the spring their stoves were burned
out and fit only for scrap.

  Colonel Joseph Hansen, superintendent
of the Union Depot at St. Joseph, Missouri,
and prior to that superintendent of the St.
Joseph and Denver City, was thoroughly
familiar with the situation and the country.
He planned a line of narrow-gage road that
was to connect the Cairo, Arkansas and
Texas, then being built down through Ar-
kansas and Texas by the Palmer-Sullivan
Syndicate, with the Denver and Rio Grande,
also a narrow-gage system running out of
Denver.

Wanted Broad-Gage.

  Associated with him was J. J. Bums, of
Belle Plain, Kansas; Charles C. Black, of
Winfield, Kansas'; Colonel John Doniphan,
Henry M. Hansen, Frederick C. Parker, of
St. Joseph, and a number of others who had
filed a charter incorporating the Denver,
Memphis and Atlantic Railway.

  The line was to run from Memphis, Ten-
nessee, crossing the Cairo, Arkansas and
Texas (now the Cotton Belt) at or near
Brinkley, and thence along the White River
Valley in Arkansas to Joplin, Missouri. It
was to pass through Baxter Springs, Kan-
sas, crossing the Missouri, Kansas and Tex-
as at Chetopa, Kansas, and thence through
Coffeyville, Sedan, Winfield, Belle Plain,
Kingman, and Larned.

  The proposed line would tap the rich
coal-fields of southeastern Kansas as well as
those of Arkansas. In Arkansas for a hun-
dred miles it ran through forests of yellow
pine. The announcement of the project was
hailed with delight by the people all along
the proposed line, and when issues of bonds
in aid of the line were proposed the elections

were Carried in every county with very little
opposition.

  Just about the time that the contract for
the underwriting of the bonds was to be
closed, the Palmer-Sullivan lines went into
the hands of a receiver, as did also the Den-
ver and Rio Grande. It was found that no
funds could be secured for a narrow-gas'e

                                    O O

system, as the Palmer-Sullivan smash
caused bankers to believe that narrow-gage
lines were not practical when brought into
competition with those using standard gage.

Special Act Passed.

  Something had to be done; so the Denver,
Memphis and Atlantic secured the passage
of an act in the Kansas Legislature, permit-
ting companies incorporated to build nar-
row-gage lines to build standard-gage roads
instead. This was in the winter of 1885-
18S6.

  The -time stipulated for the building of
the line in the county aid propositions had
elapsed, or so nearly so that a compliance
was impossible, and it became necessary to
make a second appeal for help, Colonel
Hansen having received assurances that,
with the aid voted for a standard-gage line,
the underwriting would be forthcoming.

  Just about this time the Santa Fe, which
had ignored the Denver, Memphis and At-
lantic scheme, began to sit up and take no-
tice, under the impression that there was
something doing. Joab Mulvane, of To-
peka, had charge of the Santa Fe exten-
sions. He incorporated the Independence
and Southwestern, and entered the field
against the Denver, Memphis and Atlantic.
Mulvane intended to build only enough of
the Independence and Southwestern to head
off and kill the Denver road, and then
leave the Independence line to be operated
as a spur only, as he thought that the peo-
ple wanted a railroad, and did not care who
built it so long as they had the line.

Not in Touch with Public.

  He either forgot or did not know that the
Denver, Memphis and Atlantic was really
the result of a short-sighted policy on the
part of the Southern Kansas management,
and that, the cordial warmth of the people
toward the Denver road was due not so
much to the fact that it was a new project
as to the fact that it promised them cheap
lumber and coal and opened to them the
THE RAILROAD BUILDERS.

579

markets of the Southeast. From their
knowledge of the personnel of die Denver
directorate, they were satisfied that the line
would be one that would 'benefit the people.

  Joab Mulvane was a keen, shrewd, saga-
cious man, so loyal in every fiber of his be-
ing to the Santa Fe that the success of his
road had actually became a religion with
him. He could rot tolerate the idea of an-
other line coming into its territory, andcould
not see why a network of Santa Fe lines
would not serve the people better than a
score or so of small ones.

  He was not in direct touch with the mass
of the people, however, and he did not know
that the efforts of the men at the front and
in die operating department to secure die
friendship of the farmers along the line was
handicapped and in many cases entirely
nullified by the traffic department.

Caused Some Excitement.

  The first time that Mulvane came up
against the Denver in a square tussle was at
Sedan, in Chautauqua County, when the
question was put to the people as to which
road should secure the county bonds amount-
ing to $.125,000. The campaign had been
a hot one, and everybody in the county was
worked up over it. No political campaign
had ever evoked the interest that this one
had.

  With few exceptions, the entire press of
the country along the proposed line were
heart and soul with the Denver proposition.
The story of the battle at Sedan is thus told
by one who was there, not merely as a “ look-
er on in Vienna,” but as an active worker
for the Denver, Memphis and Atlantic:

  “ I guess that the first time that Joab
really got a full understanding of the feel-
ing of the people was when he ran against
Charlie Black, secretary of the Denver,
Memphis and Atlantic, at Sedan, the seat
of Chautauqua County. The Denver, Mem-
phis and Atlantic-vvas asking for $125,000
bonds of the county in aid of the road.

  “ The Independence and Southwestern
was asking for the same. Joab Mulvane
was president of the Independence line,
which was building from Independence
down toward Cedar Vale and Arkansas City.
It was a Santa Fe extension, and the people
had an idea that it was only a scheme to
head off the Denver road, and that if the
latter had not entered the field no one would
have ever heard of the Independence and

Southwestern, for it would practically par-
allel the Southern Kansas.

A Fight to the Finish.

   “ Both roads had the requisite number of
signers to their petitions to call the election,
and the county commissioners were in a
quandary as to what they should do in the
matter. Mulvane and Black both appeared
before the commissioners and made argu-
ments in favor of their propositions.

   “ Mulvane laid strong stress on the fact
that the Denver was a paper road and had
no assurances to give the people that it
would ever be built, and told the commis-
sioners that they should demand of Black
the names of the underwriters of his propo-
sition as an evidence of good faith and a
guarantee that the road would be built.

  “Now, the Santa Fe had been moving
heaven and eardi to find out who was be-
hind the Denver, Memphis and Atlantic,
but it had been foiled at every turn. So far
as the public at large knew, there was not a
dollar behind it. Mulvane said that, on the
other hand, everybody knew the Santa Fe,
and that was evidence enough that the road
would be built if the bonds were voted to
the Independence and Southwestern. He
closed by challenging Black to show the
people that he could build the road before
he asked them to tie up the bonds.

Cheap Coal and Lumber.

   “ Black responded in a speech in which
he set fordi the advantages that his line
offered in the matter of cheap coal and
lumber from Arkansas, as well as giving
the people a competing market at Memphis
against Chicago and St. Louis. He said
that the names of his underwriters con-
cerned only the members of his board, and
that it was not necessary that he should give
this information, as in so doing he would
give the Santa Fe information that it had
been vainly scouring New York to obtain.

   “ The proposition was plain on its face.
No bonds could be issued, if voted, until
the road was completed with cars running
thereon to the points in die county named
in the petition, and, therefore, it was no con-
cern of the commissioners whether the road
had a dollar behind it or not.

   “ They were there to determine which road
would be of the most benefit to the county
and the people, and if this result was in
580

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

favor of the Denver road the county com-
missioners assumed no liability, for if the
road was not built no bonds would be issued.

  “An overflow meeting was held in the
court-house, at which young Joab Mul vane
and the editor of a little country paper in
Crowley County, who was an assistant to
Black, did the speaking.

  “ Young Mulvane wore a black alpaca
coat, a white vest, white shirt and tie, dark
pants, patent-leather shoes, and a straw hat
of the latest style.

Didn’t Know Rube Editor.

  “The country newspaper man, on the
contrary, had been in the saddle all the week
campaigning from house to house among
the farmers, and was clad like the majority
of men in the audience. He wore a broad-
brimmed straw hat, through a hole in the
crown of which a wisp of hair stuck out, a
checked hickory shirt, and jeans pants stuck
into his boots.

  “He had not been shaved for a week,
and though he stood close to young Mulvane
the latter did not know him.

  “ During the latter’s speech he said that
the Denver crowd claimed to be building
the road to benefit the people, but they were
only out for the dollars, and their design
was to get aid voted along several hundred
miles of their proposed line, and then ex-
pected the Santa Fe to buy them out. If
they were wise they would demand of the
county commissioners that they call the
election for the Independence and South-
western, and thus be sure of a railroad, and
not find themselves sold out when it was too
late.

  “ He was followed by the newspaper man,
who, by reason of his campaigning, had be-
come known to every man in the county,
who made only a few remarks, closing by
saying:

  “‘ Men, you all know me. I am one of
you. I live in this section of the State.
My interests are your interests; your suc-
cess is my success. I suppose I ought to
have rustled up a silk hat and a biled shirt
to talk to you in and tell you how to vote,
but you know me, and know that I can't
afford it. My friend says that we are out
for the dollars. Certainly. That’s what I
am running my paper for.

      It is what you fellows are raising corn,
wheat, oats, hogs and cattle for. Now, men,
I would like to make enough out of this

scheme so that I can afford to wear a little
dinky straw hat and a biled shirt when I
come down here to tell you how to vote
the right ticket! Now, people, will you help
me to get it? ’

  “ All the men there were clad in their
rough working clothes, just as they had
come in from their farms, and this young
editor’s talk struck them just right, for they
had the Western contempt for a man that
was dressy.

  “ The county commissioners decided to
take a vote of the crowd as to which rail-
road should have the election called, and
they all adjourned to the outside and joined
those in the square. The chairman of the
board of commissioners put the motion from
the court-house steps, requesting all who
desired the election to be called for the
Southwestern to step to the right, while
those in favor of the Denver road should
step to the left and line up so they could be
counted.

  “When the line-up was completed, the
Denver supporters outnumbered the South-
western crowd four to one. They were so
clearly a majority that it was not necessary
to count them, and the election was ordered
for the Denver, Memphis and Atlantic peti-
tion. Joab then set about preparing peti-
tions for township bonds to be voted in aid
of his line, and this was granted. He went
back to Topeka with a good sized flea buz-
zing in his ear, however, and he marked
out his future campaigns on the line of con-
ciliating the people instead of talking
against new railway propositions.”

BORROWING A TRAINLOAD OF RAILS.

Thayer’s Steel Was Delayed, So He Helped
Himself to the First He Could Find.

STORY is told of D. J. Thayer, chief
engineer of the Fitzgerald S: Mal-
lory Construction Companv, that was build-
ing the Denver, Memphis and Atlantic from
Chetopa to Larned.

  The company had contracted for a lot of
steel from the Joliet rail mills, but the
twenty cars of rails, which had been deliv-
ered to the Santa Fe at Kansas City through
a mistake, had been forwarded to some
point near Dodge City, Larned, I think it
was, which, though on the Denver. Mem-
phis and Atlantic line, was several hundred
miles away from the point of delivery.
THE RAILROAD BUILDERS.

581

  S. H. Mallory was. fretting and pulling
his whiskers as if he wished that they be-
longed to Mulvane, instead of himself, when
he heard that a shipment of twenty cars of
steel for the Independence and Southwestern
had been received by the Missouri, Kansas
and Texas at Parsons, to be sent up to
Cherryvale, to be delivered to the Southern
Kansas at that point.

  Mallory’s son-in-law, Thayer, was chief
engineer of the construction company. They
had just received two new engines, which
had been set up. One of them had steam
on her, and she was sent to the front, about
five miles from Chetopa, where the Denver
road crossed the Katy.

Getting the Steel.

  The other was being tested when Thayer
climbed on her, with his superintendent of
construction, and told the engineer that they
would run her up to Parsons and have the
division master mechanic of the Katy look
her over and see if anything was lacking.

  Now the engineer knew that there was
nothing the matter with the engine, but
Thayer was the boss, and what he said had
to go all along the line, so they ran out
onto the Katy and traveled light to Parsons.
Here the master mechanic looked the engine
over and said that she was all right, and
then Thayer asked him to go over to the
hotel for supper.

  About ten o’clock that night, after the
southbound passenger had left Parsons, and
there was nothing more on the card until
along in the shank of the morning, Thayer
got a clearance for his engine running light
from Parsons to Chetopa. The twenty cars
of Santa Fe steel were on a siding, and
between it and the main line were the house
and wagon tracks.

The Operator Gets Busy.

                               %

  The Denver engine had been set in on
the south end of the wagon track next to
that occupied by the steel cars. Thayer
told the engineer that he intended to steal
those rails, and to pull out on the main line
and back down and hook on to them. He
dropped the fireman to close the switch as
they pulled out with the steel, and the super-
intendent of construction ran across to be
on hand to make the coupling.

   They set the engine back as easily as pos-
sible and made the coupling, and it was not

until they took up the slack and the cars
began to move that the night men in the
depot caught on to what they were doing.

   The jolting of the cars as they straight-
ened out attracted the attention of the night
operator, and he ran out with a lantern, but
both the house and wagon tracks were occu-
pied by strings of box cars, and he had to
climb through between these before he could
reach the track occupied by the cars of rails.

  When he got there they were moving too
fast for him to catch on, as the engineer had
pulled his engine wide open when he took
the slack, so that the cars were running at
the rate of thirty miles an hour as they went
over the leads.

I The fireman knew from the way the
engine started that if he expected to get
back to Chetopa that night it was up to him
to get aboard, and as she passed he swung
up. The superintendent of construction had
climbed on the tank as soon as he had made
the coupling, and they went on without
bothering about the fact that they had left
an open switch behind them.

  There was no night operator at Chetopa
at that time, and the engineer kept up the
gait, without easing up for curves or shut-
ting her off for the slopes.

Off the Rails.

   As soon as the operator found the cars of
rails were moving out, he at once tumbled
to the little game that Thayer was playing.
He hustled across to the roundhouse, where
there happened to be an engine under steam
and he ordered her out to catch the thieves.

  When the engine came out she was headed
north, and the boys did not stop to turn
her, but set out after the Denver gang, run-
ning in the back motion. All went well
until they struck the switch, a brakeman
riding on the back of the tank with a lan-
tern to flag the way.

  The switch was a stub, and there was no
switch light, so when the brakeman caught
a glimpse of the target by the light from
his lantern it was too late, and the tender
went off the rails.

  That settled the question of their ever
stopping the runaways, and it was now a
case of hustle to get that engine back on the
track and out of the way of No. 4, which
was due about three o’clock, and with all the
trucks of the tender off, the boys had no
time to lose.

Thayer reached Chetopa all right, and

)
582

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

ran by the depot without stopping. South
of the depot he whistled for the Denver
switch. The boss track-layer, who knew
the sound of the two spot’s whistle, ran out
and opened the switch, and they ran on to
the Denver, Memphis and Atlantic rails
without slacking up.

Spiked Down!

  They concluded to pull on down to the
front, and the boss track-layer, seeing the
cars of rails going by, routed out his men,
so that when the 2 stopped for the switch
to be opened onto the main line, they were
swarming over the cars like a lot of flies
over a saucer of molasses. They ran the
cars on down to the end of the track and
stopped, the rails were dumped on either
side, and the empty cars were then pushed
back to Chetopa and set on the siding.

  The agent at Parsons reported the taking
of the rails to the Santa Fe, and then there
was wailing and gnashing of teeth and some
language, but it did no good. Thayer
claimed that his steel was three weeks over-
due, and that when he saw the stuff at Par-
sons he naturally concluded that it was his.
Parsons was a division point, and it was
only natural that it should be temporarily
set out there.

  Thayer wasted no time getting the rails
spiked to the ties as fast as his men and a
Harris track-laying machine could hustle.
The Denver, Memphis and Atlantic rails
were hurried back, and the Santa Fe had to
take them in place of those Thayer had bor-
rowed. As the weight and section were the
same, it made no material difference.

CARTTER’S “MISTAKE.”

He Needed Bridge Timbers, and Couldn't
Wait Till His Own Arrived.

WILL CARTTER, who has been a
bridge and railroad contractor for
forty years, tells the following story:

  “Now, I don’t want to boast, but in the
’80s there were subsidy bonds to be earned,
and it was up to the contractor to get things
ready for the track, so the road could get
through in time for the bonds. I had a
contract on a Santa Fe extension. A. A.
Robinson was then chief engineer, and I
have never had a contract under a. better
man. He was as inflexible as steel, but
absolutely just.

  “ We had a lot of bridge timbers coming
to us over the Santa Fe lines, but a wash-
out came on with the material on the wrong
side of the break. My time was very short,
and I had to get some kind of a structure
that would carry the rails across the Cow-
skin, a tributary of the Salomon, which was
a little dinky stream, but as treacherous as
a copperhead.

  “ While I was in this dilemma several
cars of bridge material, bound to some point
west on the Kansas Pacific, were side-
tracked at a little station near where I was
working. I believe they were delayed by
defective draft rigging, or something of the
sort.

Worked in the Dark.

  “ There was no night operator there, and
the station closed at about eight o’clock.
Along toward midnight I routed out my
men and teams and we sneaked over there
and unloaded every stick of that stuff. As
fast as a wagon was loaded it would drive
away. We worked in the dark, using no
lanterns, and I would not allow the men
to smoke, lest the fire in their pipes should
be seen and attract the attention of some
prowler to what we were doing.

  “ Long before daylight we had the stuff
unloaded on either bank of the stream, and
the teams were put up while the men went
to sleep.

  “Bright and early I had the bridge gang
out, and, while they wondered a little at
the miraculous arrival of the material, no
questions were asked, and they settled down
to the work. It was three miles to the sta-
tion, and I heard nothing, as none of the
men had occasion to go to the railroad, and
I was busy rushing; the work.

  The next day the iron gangs were within
a mile of me, and Robinson came out to see
how we were getting along. I told him we
would make it all right, and would let the
track gang'through on time. He looked at
me a little quizzically and said that he
would order the bridge material sent to the
front. I knew then that he was on all right,
but said nothing.

The Agent Buffaloed!

  “We got the temporary bridge in all
right, and the track was laid across before
I went to the station. The agent told me
that my bridge material was on the siding.
I looked at him and said that he must be
THE RAILROAD BUILDERS.

583

mistaken. My material had arrived some
time before and I had unloaded it the same
night and took it out to the work.

  “ The agent looked at me a 'moment and
ejaculated:

  “‘Well, by the jumping Jehosaphat!
Here they have been jacking me up about
a lot of bridge material that was set out
here to be reloaded and sent on west, on
account of defective cars, and I swore by
all the gods that no bridge timber had ever
been left here, nothing but half a dozen
empty flats.’

  “The agent reported the arrival of the
missing material and was ordered to rush
it west on the next freight. Whether the
Kansas Pacific ever caught on, I don’t
know. Perhaps they did, but as they had
plenty of bridge material, they thought it
was not worth kicking up a row about,
especially as I had the stuff already in the
structure, and it would do them no good to
make a rumpus.

   “ But I want to say here, and now, that I
firmly believe that it could get hotter, rain
harder, snow fiercer, and the wind could
blow swifter in Kansas than in any other
place in the universe.”

A RACE FOR A PASS.

General Bryant Had a Great Deal To Say, but
Was Not Betraying Any Secrets.

/GENERAL J. H. BRYANT, who died
in Washington during the latter part
of November, 1906, was one of the old-time
Western railroad men. He built the Seattle
and Northwestern, and was president of the
road until it was sold to the Northern
Pacific. General Bryant was a real gen-
eral and won his title during the Civil
War in the Union army. He was an Irish-
man, and used to say there were only two
■days in the year when he would wear a
silk hat—St. Patrick’s Day and the Fourth
of July.

  He was a good railroad man and was
popular with the people .along his line,
and consequently the road was successful
under his management. He never refused
an interview to any newspaper man who
requested it, but he could talk more and
tell less than any man in the business,
except Jay Gould.

  He came into St. Paul one day on his
private car, and there were rumors afloat
that the Northern Pacific was about to take
over the Seattle and Northwestern. A
reporter called on him, from the St. Paul
Globe, and sent in his card.

  He interested the newspaper man so
much that he forgot all about the news
he had come to get. When he looked over
his notes afterward he found that he had
material for a first-class article, but not
one word about the rumored sale and trans-
fer of his line. The general knew when
he came in what he was after and had
set about forestalling him.

The Other Fellow’s Stakes.

  One of General Bryant’s favorite yarns
was a story of an occurrence that happened
on some road in the west. He did not
name the road. It seems that two lines
were racing for a pass in the mountains,
and the one that got its stakes set first
would hold the right of way.

  One day the engineer in charge of one
of the parties was out ahead looking up
the line, and he picketed his pony at noon,
ate his lunch, and lay down to take a nap
while the animal was browsing. When he
woke up his pony was gone, ’and he had
a long, weary walk back to his camp.

  It appeared that the engineer in charge
of the other party had ridden up, and
seeing the other man asleep, had led his
pony some distance away and turned him
loose. The pony came into camp the next
day, trailing his lariat. If the object of
the prank was to delay the other party
and beat them to the pass, it proved a
failure, for the engineer who was forced
to walk jumped his party ahead ten mil^s,
took up the line at the spot where he had
ended his reconnaissance, and ran his line
into the pass. He then went back and
filled up the gap and checked afterward,
so that when the engineer in charge of the
second party reached the pass he found the
other fellow’s stakes. He had to back up
on his line some twenty miles and run for
another hole in the hills, with the result
that the road was several miles longer than
was originally intended.

  How he squared it with the men higher
up no one ever found out.

    This is the first of three papers on the adventures of the railroad builders and contractors.
The second paper will appear next month.
Written for “The Railroad Man's Magazine.”

Being a song about a perfectly charming and eminently proper young

train-robber, to wit:

YOUTH of barely twenty-one, Montgomery V. Cox,
   Assisted by a moonless night and two enormous rocks.
   Derails the Lightning Flier on the L., M. N. and O.,
   And stands the crew and passengers before him in a row.

An awkward pause ensues—young Cox, embarrassed, rubs his head.
And, in the midnight stillness, turns conspicuously red.

The passengers seem quite annoyed; so, likewise, do the crew.

(A man wants sleep or action on a winter morn at two.)

“Well? ” snaps the flier’s engineer, as angry as two sticks.

Poor Mont explains: “ I'm green and young—and, oh. I'm in a fix!
I’ve held you up; I mean to steal your cash and jewels rare;

But—what’s the next move in the game? I'm dashed if I’m aw'are!

He looks so terribly ashamed; such blushes burn his face
That passengers and crew grow interested in his case.

I should suggest,” a banker says, “ that motion number one
Is to exclaim ‘ Hands up! at us while flourishing a gun!

584

I
                        HANDS UP!

\

585

R/                                                                'itSPBSt--  
   A deeper, hotter crimson overspreads poor Monty's cheek.                   
   For fully forty seconds he cannot emit a speak.                            
   “ I have no gun! ” Across his lips the statement scarcely creeps           
   Ere Monty flops upon the track, and tears his hair and weeps.              
   “ Come, that’s all right," observes a pretty schoolgirl, " dry your phiz;  
   I have a big revolver in my satchel---here it is.”                         
   “ Hooray! ” exclaims the highwayman---then, at his rude commands.          
   Both crew and passengers in proper fashion raise their hands.              
   “ Go through our clothes,” the banker says, “ that is your second task."   
   “ No, no,” objects the banker’s wife, "he hasn’t got a mask!               
   “Alas!---too true! ” poor Monty groans---his bold demeanor’s gone---       
   “ I’m selling masks,” remarks a quiet fellow, “ try this on.”              
   It fits! His victims wildly cheer. Then Monty, very gruff.                 
   Annexes twenty-seven thousand dollars’ worth of stuff;                     
   “ You did that well,” the engineer agrees, and then explains               
   A really scientific method of derailing trains.                            
   Then off the flier whizzes. “ Such a promising young lad,"                 
   Opine both crew and passengers, “ will certainly make bad!                 
   “What thoroughness! ” the banker cries, “ to be his prey I’m proud;        
   That highwayman would pinch the silver lining off a cloud!                 
   And when, next week, those victims read: “ Montgomery V. Cox,              
   Assisted by a thunder-storm and four enormous rocks.                       
   Derails the Arrow Special on the L., M. N. and O.,                         
   And swipes two million dollars,” they exclaim: “ I told you so!            
u                                                                         II  

CROMPTON’S TRAIN-ROBBER CLUE

 BY J. R. STAFFORD.

          His Determination To Run Down Some Forgotten
          Outlaws Didn’t Jibe with Old Tinkworth’s Tangent.

          S chief of the G. and T. Railroad
Company’s western depart-.
ment °f secret service, Mr.
Crompton looked his part
admirably. He was tall,
well-formed, active, ap-
parently fifty years old. He had mild gray
eyes, and mustache six
inches long. His manner
was unobtrusive—almost
deferential—and he wore
at his belt, as was proper
for him, a pair of large
white-handled pistols the
holsters of which sagged
half-way to his knees.

  In short, he could have
posed for what might be
termed the latest stand-
ardized American man
hunter — but Crompton
never posed.

  As was to be expected,
his record with the G.
and T. fully measured up
to his appearance. In his
twelve years as chief de-
tective the company had
suffered the robbery of
only two trains; and that
was away back in hi? first
year.

  Other robberies had
been attempted — two
others—but both ha d
failed. They failed be-
cause Crompton, after the first two hold-
ups, always rode with the big shipments of
valuable express. On each occasion, when
the train was stopped, he quietly slid back
the door of the express-car before the ban-
dits ordered it opened and, each time, with

586

the same calm disregard of what they might
want him to do, he opened fire with a pump-
gun into the surrounding darkness.

  Each time, too, after he had thus bom-
barded the right-of-way, he quietly dropped
to the ground, a pistol in each hand, and
waited on the field until daylight.

  The second and last
time, finding a trail, he
had followed it, and
coming up later with a
nondescript character who
claimed to be a sheep-
herder he had marched
him back to civilization
and the law.

  Though it was after-
ward proved that the
prisoner really was a
mere sheep - herder and
quite innocent, his sheep,
it seemed, had followed
the trail of the bandits,
obliterating it, but leaving
his own trail clear. The
moral effect of Cromp-
ton's act was in nowise
lessened. Every one said.
“Well, what of it? If
it had been the robbers,
Crompton would have
followed them just the
same, and he would have
caught them or fought to
the last ditch.”

  Without doubt, this
was a correct estimate of the man. The gen-
eral advertising of it speedily resulted in
train robbery 011 the G. and T. becoming a
thing of the past, for train-robbers only op-
erate where the chances are at least even
that they will meet with no resistance.

THE LATEST STANDARDIZED AMERICAN
MAN-HUNTER.
CROMPTON'S TRAIN-ROBBER CLUE.-

587

  As for Crompton, all the to-do over him,
over his bravery and all, made not a whit
of difference. Really, it rather annoyed him.
for he was a modest fellow and so honest
that when he was dragged into the business
of talking about himself, as frequently hap-
pened, he always felt it his duty to apolo-
gize for the blunder he had made in arrest-
ing the sheep-herder.

  He usually made his apology after this
fashion: “ Awh, yeah! But openin’ on fel-
lers with buckshot when they air figgerin’
on ye handin’ ’em a large sum o’ money!
That hain't much! It don't make up fur
some other things. A detective ort to know
clues. If ’e does, he alius gits the right
parties.”

  Then, as a rule, he would sadly conclude :
“ ’E never lets ’em git plumb away.”

  This last dictum referred directly to the
first year of his service when the two rob-
beries had occurred. The perpetrators of
those two robberies had never been appre-
hended; worse yet, the identities of the ban-
dits had never yet been ascertained.

  Now it must be admitted that the escape
of the miscreants in each instance might
have been prevented very easily. The first
time, Crompton took all of his men and
scoured the desert, but the robbers undoubt-
edly left the country on one of the G. and
T.’s own trains.

  The second time, in an attempt to profit
by his former discomfiture, he put all his
men guarding trains and terminals, and the
thieves rode out of Arizona and into Old
Mexico on nothing fleeter than some broken-
down pack-mules.

  Of course, Crompton really did make a
mistake each time—as any one else in this
world might have done—but, unlike many
another man, on finding himself hailed with
praises later on, he did not forget. Per-
haps Crompton’s ideal of efficiency was
really too high.

  At any rate, he worried over those fail-
ures, strove to improve himself along the
lines of his weakness, and about every two
or three months he w'ould come into the
office of Brasfield, manager of the G. and
T.’s Transmountain Lines, and would say
to him: “I hain’t sure that I'm the right
feller in the right place after all.”

  To this, Brasfield, who was a big. rough
man of highly developed commercial in-
stinct, always made this sort of answer:
“ Go along with that, you big simpleton!
I don’t want any Sherlock Holmes! What

I want is a man who won’t?^0"' an>‘ work
to be made for your story-156^ detectives.
Shippers and travelers don't'\atron'.ze a
road for its record on catching thieves.
They’d rather patronize a line thJ aint
given to sensations, see? So you gt out
of here! Go off and clean up your pis?^®
or something, an’ leave me alone! 1’/"^^
work to do. Here, take a cigar and ofe ® n

  Then, as always, Crompton o1j5.°UAv
held his peace, took the cigar, and wenP-.^
way—not to clean his pistols, however, but
to read or rather to study the latest detect-
ive story, or the press despatches which
contained news of the bolder variety of
robbery.

  As a result of all this persistency, and in
the face of every one’s good-natured tolera-
tion, Crompton, like any other man who
follows his ideal alone, acquired much in-
formation and some rather curious theories.

  For instance, he knew the names, general
characteristics, and the records of practi-
cally all the men who had robbed trains
west of the Missouri River. Again, he could
locate all the hiding-places of the organized
bands, and he had a fairly good idea of the
trails leading thereto from well-known Hole-
in-the-Wall to the more obscure fastnesses
of Horseshoe in southern Utah, and The
Roost which is in western Arizona.

  So far as his limitations would allow,
for he was not a ready or a close reasoner,
he had gained some familiarity with the
processes of deductive reasoning as applied
by the detectives whose names appear in
best sellers, and as the crowning achieve-
ment of all his researches, he had formu-
lated a theory by which he hoped some day
to retrieve for his early mistakes.

  His theory was this: Some day, the
men who had robbed the G. and T. would
look back to their ease of escape and con-
clude that it might be safe to try again.

  To be sure, he knew that they would not
try unless they could work some scheme to
get his attention directed elsewhere.

  Crompton was not quite an egotist in this.
He really believed that if he were in an ex-
press-car with a repeating shotgun in his
hands, he could stand off all the robbers that
ever got together for a hold-up. It was be-
cause he believed this that he had made it
win, and believing that train-robbers are
rational men, not running up to a man just
to get shot, he felt very certain of his con-
clusion that they would make an effort to
outwit him.
588

HE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

hey would make some sort of demon-
stration in a given place, and when he went

0	to see 4b0Ut it, they would strike in
an°ther garter.

 F • ™ VPton confidently expected all this.
 '-'Toting, he had planned how to meet it.
 , »n the first place, he would send some of
 -eliable young men with the train that
 nndits evidently designed to attack.
 ie would go himself to the scene of
 demonstration, find out who of the
 Jang had done this part of the work, and,
 afterward, he would keep that man under
 such close surveillance that, in time he would
 be able to connect all of the band with
 the fact of crime, and convict them to the
 last man.

   It must not be supposed that Crompton
intended a robbery to take place. Not at
all; he merely intended to get a clue—a
clue which would lead him to the perpetra-
tors of those two robberies which every one
else but himself had forgotten.

   Consequently, he went on his habitual
way; studying his books and papers in
leisure moments; and when on duty, guard-
ing his bullion shipments by sitting upon
them with a loaded shotgun in his hands
and the big pistols loosed in their holsters
at his waist.

  Wherever he went, no matter what he
was doing, he had that air of quiet watch-
fulness which a man assumes only when he
has watched and waited for years.

   It was only logical, therefore, that one
 night as he was riding eastward in an ex-
 press-car, with two of his men, carrying a
 particularly heavy shipment from the San
 Francisco mint, he should have been more
 than usually alert, for this particular ship-
 ment was big enough to tempt all the bandits
 in the West.

   Therefore, he was not surprised when the
 train stopped at Homan Flats and the sta-
 tion-agent rushed out and thrust into his
 hands a telegram that read as follows:

     Engine number 1192 with tender stolen
   from roundhouse at Falls and run west on
   main line. Local offices fifty miles west
   closed for night so cannot wire derail instruc-
   tions. Probably the work of hold-ups who
   either intend to let engine run into your train
   wild and wreck it, or else wished to take large
   party into rough country along Grapevine and
   hold you up. Look out. Wire any instruc-
   tions you see fit for our cooperation at this
   end.

“ I ain’t got no instructions for ’em,”

Crompton advised the waiting station-
agent, “ only ye might tell 'em, seein’ they’ll
probably worry about it, that there hain’t
a goin’ to be no wreck nor no robbery.”

  He rolled the door shut and, beckoning
his two men into the forward end of the
car, said to them:

  “Now, when we git to where that engine
is, I’m a goin’ to hop off. They hain’t a
goin’ to be no robbers around'there at all.
Naw, sir. They’ll be up the line, I figger,
about forty or fifty mile beyond Falls, in
the Paint Hills. They hain’t a bit o’ doubt,
either, but what they’ll stick ye up.

  “ I’m a goin’ to count on you boys to do
what I’ve done myself a couple o’ times.
The two of ye can do it easy. One o’ ye
jist open the door the minute the train stops,
and the other’n, without waitin’ to say
‘ Good evenin’, gents,’ or ‘ What kin I do fur
ye? ’ wants to jist open with the pump-
gun, p’intin’ it sorter lowlike and shootin’
in a different place ever’ time.

  “ Them fools’ll be figgerin’, o’ course,
that it’s me they air afeard of; but by the
time ye've raked all the hillside around
there with buckshot, they’ll have a different
idee. They’ll know that it wasn’t me they
was skeered of at all. They’ll reecollect that
it was the shotgun that was liable to git
’em into trouble, an’ they’ll dig out.

  “Now, when ye git done shootin’, jist
close up the door an’ don’t neither of ye git
out. It won’t be necessary. I got a surer
an’ a better way o’ ketchin’ ’em. Besides,
you fellers is young an’ foolhardy, an’ ye
might foller ’em off an’ git into a box.”

  Both were young, and both were fool-
hardy. They were delighted with the task
he had set them; but, after a moment’s
jubilatipii over their opportunity to do
something approximating the greatness of
their chief, Jackson asked: -' But, say, cap,
s’pose’n’ the hull bunch is with that engine.
What’ll you do, bein’ by yerself? You ort
to let us have a chance to he’p ye.”

  “Humph!” Crompton grunted. “Yer
a mighty young man, Jackson. An’, though
I hain’t sayin’ that I’m a better detective
right now than you air — for the Lord
knows you hain't never let nobody git away
from ye as I have—I’m bound to say that
this job I’m aimin’ at now is what ye might
call first-class.

  “An’ if I git it done as I figger I will,
you lads is goin’ to have full credit for
your share in it. O’ course, what I’m ask-
in’ ye to do is, as ye might say, the rough
CROMPTON’S TRAIN-ROBBER CLUE.

589

work; but it’s important, jist the same—
jist as important as the fine work I aim to
do. So don’t ye sabe that yer helpin’ me
the best way ye kin by jist ridin’ right
straight ahead ? ”

  Of course, they did not understand; and,
of course, they said as much—but they got
nothing out of him.

  A man who has planned a coup for ten
years does not communicate it even to his
lieutenants until he has need of their as-
sistance. Then he tells them as much as is
necessary, and no more.

  An hour later, when the engine ahead of
them whistled for a train without the right
of way, and Crompton peeped ahead and
saw what he knew must be the headlight
of the stolen locomotive, he said as he pre-
pared to alight:

  “ Whichever of you fellers does the shoot-
in’, I wish ye wouldn’t go to no extra pains
about killin’ anybody. If ye killed ’em,
they wouldn’t be no ketchin’ of ’em; an’
I’m powerful set on ketching them fellers
by high-class work. I’d jist like to do
somethin’ once that I’d have a right to be
proud of.”

  Opening the door a little farther, he
dropped off the now slowly moving train.

  Running alongside, he came to the cab
just as the fireman was getting down to go
forward and ascertain what was meant by
an engine standing dead still on a .siding
which was never used for anything ex-
cept as a derail for cars accidentally
breaking loose from trains.

  “ Burgess,” Crompton said persua-
sively, “ you leave that there to me. It’s
jist a engine. It hain’t got no cars hang-
ing on behind onto the main track. You
fellers go ahead slow if ye want to, but
don’t ye stop. If ye do, ye are mighty
apt to spile something for me. They
hain’t a going to be no trouble here. So
you fellers jist go on.”

  Burgess laughed, and so did the engi-
neer.

  “ All right, old horse,” the engineer
agreed. “ I hain’t lost nothin’ up there,
and I’m danged glad to skin by if you say
so. An’, seem’ it was a train-bandit warn-
ing, I reckon you’re the boss. So here
we go.”

  The fireman crawled back up the steps.
A moment later the drivers were spinning
merrily. By the time the train had gone
half a mile, it was well under way.

  Crompton smiled to himself and plodded

up between the rails toward motionless
headlight. Approaching wi^in forty feet
of it, and still well out of th£-zone °f 'ts
rays, he sat down and listened. 'A^ter half
an hour, during which time he did T.P1 hear
a sound—except the cinders dropping-from
the grate-bars, as happens when the fir£,is
going out—he crept up closer and closK.
until at length he put his hand on the step.

  He listened for a long time. He heard

ALL THIS WAS MERELY THE PRETENSE OF A
LEGITIMATE OCCUPATION.

nothing. Finally, realizing that the engine
was quite deserted, he crawled up into the
cab and made himself comfortable on the
engineer’s cushions.

  He did this very carefully so as to dis-
turb ..nothing. Of course, he had hoped to
find a bandit or two. Failing that, he still
had hope of finding some clue to the iden-
tity of the one who had stolen the engine.
590

/ the railroad man's magazine.

   His wish, thep-eforei was more than grat-
 ified at the cjming of daylight. He then
 found on tV;e floor of the cab a man’s hat.
 an empty whisky bottle, and an empty
 grain-bjg, on which was stenciled in big,
 red letters: “ Hy Tinkworth.”

   iis if this were not quite enough, when
 , i’ie got down to examine his find and
 chanced to look back into the tender, he
 saw Mr. Tinkworth sprawled on the coal,
 apparently dead-drunk.

   With all haste, Crompton slipped from
the cab to the ground. He knew Mr. Tink-
worth.

   Tinkworth was about the most unregen-
erate old rascal along the whole line of the
G. and T. He was somewhere past sixty
years of age; had never done an honest
day’s work in his life, but always had
money, and when not actually doing some
devilment was drunk.

   Moreover, he was an exceedingly clever
 rascal,- always wriggling out of his mis-
 deeds entirely, or else getting off with the
 very lightest of punishments. He always
 had some sort of a plausible excuse which
 tickled the jury. Once, when he had been
 arrested for stealing a horse, he had made it
 appear that he only wanted the halter.
 While guilty of stealing small articles, he
 had never committed a crime that would
 approximate grand larceny.

   Therefore, Crompton wanted to get away
 without being discovered. He believed, as
 every one else did, that Tinkworth must
 be hand in glove with all the rascals in the
 country, and reasoned that if the old fellow
 learned that his part in the stealing of the
 engine was known, all communication be-
 tween him and his confederates would cease.

   To be sure, Crompton could place him
under arrest for theft and “sweat him,”
but that wasn't the way Crompton wanted
to work. Moreover, Tinkworth was not
the sort of man who perspired information
freelv, either as to his associations or enter-

        J >

 prises.

   Beyond doubt, it seemed wise to hurry
away. Crompton hurried.

   About nine o’clock that morning, having
 flagged down a through freight and board-
 ed it, Mr. Crompton alighted at Falls.
 There he learned, even before making in-
 quiries, that the express - train had been
 held up in the Paint Hills, and th^t only
 the haste or ignorance of the robbers had
 saved the thousands of dollars in the safe.

   He was also apprised of the fact that

Jackson and Miller—the other lad he had
counted on — simply had forgotten their
guns and his orders, and that the bandits
had made a very easy escape.

  “ They’re probably somewhere in the
Paint Hills,” the superintendent of the di-
vision suggested, “and if you'd take a
posse up there from here and have the
trains watched, they couldn’t get away.”
Crompton shook his head modestly.
“Naw, I’ve tried them tricks twice, an’
diey won’t work; but I’ve got ’em with the
goods on, I reckon, this time. That’s what
I was doin’ that I wasn’t with the train.”
“Well, you’d better have been with the
train,” the superintendent advised.

  The superintendent, like Brasfield, had
no sympathy for Crompton’s artistic ideals.
Still, he had great respect for Crompton’s
record, so he concluded: “Well, do as you
want. I reckon you know your own job
best. Are you going to \tant any extTa
trains, or men, or anything?”

  “Naw, nothin’. I jist want as little said
as possible till I git ready'. I aim to git
the whole works—them fellers from away
back, too—at one swipe.”

  The superintendent, who had almost for-
gotten those robberies of bygone years,
laughed incredulously', but said nothing.
It was not his place to criticize the plans of
a man whose work had been a success as
Crompton’s had been. However, suddenly
recalling the theft of engine No. 1192, he
asked about it.

  “ I've looked into that,” Crompton re-
plied with the nearest approximation to van-
ity he had ever been guilty of, “an’ be-
tween you an’ me an’ the gate-post, that
engine was takened jist for a blind. Sabe?”
The superintendent understood. Now
that he came to think of it, the stealing of
a locomotive was a most improbable sort of
larceny, so he slapped Crompton on the
back and congratulated him, and then
asked: “ But how did you happen to think
of that ? ”

  “ Humph! A feller that’s been a groan-
ing in sperrit, ye might say for ten years,
over his early mistakes has a right to git
somewhere-, if he digs for it.”

  In a hoarse whisper he explained his
long-cherishecl theory, and wound up with
his discove.y of Tinkworth in the cab.

  “ You ought to have nabbed him,” the
superintendent said. Amazed at the work-
ing out of the theory, he could not help
thinking of the company’s interests. “The
CROMPTON’S TRAIN-ROBBER CLUE.

591

old devil may get off with that engine yet.
No telling but what he’ll drive it on over to
Homan Flats and sell the coal in the ten-
der. He might get a train wrecked. Don’t
you see, it would be like him to come up
with some sort of a tale of that kind—that
he stole the engine for the coal in it, as he
stole the horse for the halter? Crompton,
you ought to have nabbed him.”

  Again Crompton whispered, and at

  Having run through his scrap-book to
find out if any of the noted American train-
robbers had ever been heard of as inhab-
itants of Arkansas — Tinkworth’s native
State—and finding no evidence of such, he
left the hotel and went to Tinkworth’s
shack.

  This was situated on the edge of town,
somewhat apart from any other house.
Around it grew rows of irrigated sunflow-

HE GRINNED WITH SUCH OBVIOUS DELIGHT
THAT THEY ALL KNEW HE WAS NOT
GOING TO LOSE ANYTHING.

length the superintendent, seeing the whole
plan and astounded at the vastness of it,
went down on his knees in apology.

  “ I’ll wire Brasfield,” he said as he trot-
ted off, “ that you’ve got ’em all.”

  For the first time in many years, Cromp-
ton strode along the platform in real pride.
Passing down the street, he met the recreant
Jackson and Miller in front of his hotel.
They tried to avoid him, but he smiled pa-
tiently at them and generously said:

  “ I hadn’t ort to have sent you kids on
sich a job. I might ha’ knowed ye wasn’t
hardened to shootin’ human bein’s down;
an’, aayway, I don’t mind except on yer.own
account. We’ll git ’em, anyhow.”

  Without pausing to demand their shame-
ful confession, he went up to his room.

ers, forming a most complete screen for the
seeing eyes of the passer-by.

  Without hesitation, Crompton entered the
premises and made a thorough search of
them. He found nothing except evidence
of old Tinkworth’s masterly shrewdness.

  There were several piles of old iron in the
back yard, some ragged bales of discarded
rubber-boots in the kitchen, and in various
corners and odd nooks of the other room
were pieces of brass castings. All this, of
course, was merely the pretense of a legiti-
mate occupation. Old Tinkworth pretend-
ed that he was a junk gatherer.

  Crompton returned to his hotel. For ten
days he patiently waited the return of old
Tinkworth. On the tenth day, however,
there was plenty of excitement. Not only
592

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

did old Tinkworth return, but, what was
almost unbelievable, Mr. Brasfield appeared
on the scene. Mr. Brasfield left no doubt
as to the reason for his coming.

  He called Crompton into the division su-
perintendent's room. In a voice that might
have been heard all over the building, he
demanded:

  “Now, say, have you gone and let ’em
get away again ? ”

  Crompton, of course, whispered.

  “ Thunderation! ” roared Brasfield. “ The
public has forgotten all about those old rob-
beries; and I don’t want ’em recalled, even
if you get the robbers. Why don't you nail
this old rooster and send him up? That'll
satisfy everybody that the whole gang has
been caught. Why, confound it, we’ve lost
ten thousand dollars’ worth of business
just because of that robbery week before ■
last. Say, you’ve got to do something, or
we’re, going to be ruined. Go right now
and pull that old rascal and send him up."

  This was quite disconcerting. To obey
Brasfield would not result in the capture of
real train - bandits. Crompton shook his
head and argued: “Naw, I'd ruther not
do that. Tinkworth hain’t no ginooine
bandit. We could send ’im up; but if we
did—well, that would be the end of it.”

  “ That's what I want. Send ’im up. I
want the thing ended. It will get into the
papers. That’s the main thing.”

  When Brasfield wanted a thing done,
there had to be a good reason why it wasn’t
done.

  Knowing this, but resolved to make the
best of his situation, Crompton began to
bargain.

  “Well, say,” he declared, “lemme arrest
'im an’ offer to let ’im off if he'll turn
state’s evidence ag’in’ the rest o’ the gang.

I	know where to find whoever it is, and
I'll go an’ git ’em.”

  For a moment Mr. Brasfield remained
undecided. Then he agreed: “All right.
That’s logical. Go get him while I bring
the district attorney.”

  Half an hour later, Brasfield with the
district attorney and Crompton with old
Tinkworth, met secretly in the prosecutor’s
office in the court-house.

  The lawyer, a young man anxious to win
renown as one who could ferret out and
convict train-robbers of ten years’ immu-
nity, was in high spirits.

  Old Tinkworth, who had been arrested
in a saloon where he had just finished bibu-

lous preparations for a tremendous spree,
also seemed to be feeling that life was one
grand and glorious holiday. Crompton,
noting this, was in the seventh heaven of
anticipation; drunks, he knew, are apt to
talk freely.

  Mr. Brasfield, seeing everything, grew
very glum.

  “Now,” said the prosecutor with great
severity, “Tinkworth, we’ve got you with
the goods on. I’ve prepared an indictment
against you for complicity in the Paint
Hills hold-up. You are charged with being
an accessory before the fact. You can’t get
away from.it that you stole that engine and
ran it off down onto the derail - switch,
thirty miles west of here, on the night of
the robbery. You can be sent to the pen for
the larceny of that engine, or, again, for
unlawful appropriation of the property of
a common carrier, or for doing such acts as
constitute a menace to the lives and prop-
erty of the patrons of that common carrier;
or, again—”

  “ Hold on,” old Tinkworth wearily re-
plied, as drunken men sometimes will when
they cannot follow what is being said to
them, “let that go till some other time. I'll
jist take ver word for it. If ye say I’m
guilty o’ ever'thing, I reckon I am.”

  “ Or, again,” the prosecutor went on,
“ we can send you up for—for—”

  Recalling that he had completed the cata-
logue of Tinkworth's crimes, he concluded
somewhat lamely: “Well, here’s what I
jiropose to do. I’ll dismiss the information
against you which would make an indict-
ment for larceny of the engine or threaten-
ing the lives of travelers, and I’ll just
charge you with loeing an accessory to the
train-robberv, provided you'll agree to tell
all you know about that robbery. What do
you say to that ? ”

  Old Tinkworth’s sodden features sharp-
ened with sudden eagerness. Really, it
seemed that he never could get so drunk
but that he always saw his chance. The
prosecutor smiled grimly. Crompton al-
most swelled. Mr. Brasfield even looked
expectant.

  Then Tinkworth suddenly declared, “ All
right! I'll go ye if I lose,” but he grinned
with such obvious delight that they all
knew he was not going to lose anything.
Recalling his past misdeeds and the ingen-
ious methods through which he had al-
ways wriggled out of diem, they all laughed.

  When the necessary papers were signed,
CROMPTON’S TRAIN-ROBBER CLUE.

593

Crompton, who had prepared his questions,
seated himself in a chair beside the old
rascal and, with no thought of humor now,
propounded: “Well, Hy, what d’ye know
about that robbery ? ”

   “Nothin’,” came the drunken answer.
“Nothin’?” shouted Crompton “You
tell about that as ye agreed, er we’ll convict
ye for swipin’ the engine.”

  “ Cain't tell nothin’ more'n I know,”
Tinkworth replied, with the somber gravity
of a man deeply inebriated, “an’ I don’t
know nothin’.”

   “'Well, then, seein’ that’s too direct for
ye, ye bein’ drunk, gimme the straight o’
why ve takened the engine ? ”

  “Sure,” said Tinkworth, with imper-
turbable dignity, since he knew that he was
safe in the confession. “ I been a wantin’
to steal a engine for a long time. Been
thinkin’ about it for ten year, ye might say.
Well, that night I’d jist got a check for a
,lot o’ old copper wire, an’, gittin’ on a pow-
erful jag, I sorter lost my judgment, an’ so
I started. It was a powerful fool thing to
think o’ doin’, but,” he added with a sly
grin, “it seems I’m a gittin’ off with it.”
“Here,” suddenly demanded Brasfield,
whose patience was quite exhausted, “ why
did you want to steal an engine ? ”

  “Awh, say, now,” old Tinkworth de-
manded solemnly, “what would a feller
want to steal a engine for? D’ye think
he'd want it to play with? I reckon not.
He’d want it to git the brass off’n it. They’s
over a hunderd dollars’ worth o’ brass on
one of ’em.”

  “Did you get the brass?” the manager
demanded.

  “Awh, sure I did. I got it sold, too;
an’ ye might say I was gittin’ drunk on
them brass-works when Crompton fetched
me up here.”

  “ Crompton,” ordered Mr. Brasfield, “you
go and call up the master-mechanic and all
the roundhouse men that had anything to
•jlo with that engine after it came back.”
Crompton did so totteringly, and in re-
sponse to that summons the men soon ap-1
pea red.

  “ Ragon,” said Brasfield to the master-
mechanic, “was there any brass-work miss-
ing on that engine when you got it back?'
That engine which was stolen a week ago? ”,
“Any missin’?” snorted Ragon; “that
ain’t a proper way o’ speakin’ about it.
We been a huntin’ ever since to see if they
was even a brass rivet left about her.”

  Then seeing old Tinkworth, and sudden-
ly recalling certain baffling suspicions which
he had held for a long time, Ragon shout-
ed: “And that danged old rat was the
feller that done it! I know ’im! I’m onto
him now! Say, he makes his livin’ swipin’
oil-cups an’ castin’s.”

  Crompton and the district attorney crum-
pled down in their chairs, but Mr. Brasfield
did not. He arose and galloped up and
down the room three or four times. At
length he wheeled on Crompton, and said:
“If ever I hear of you trying any more
of this detective business, I’ll fire you.
Don’t you monkey with it again.”

  Humbly Mr. Crompton arose. His pride
was gone—he was the same old Crompton
now, but a little more chastened, more un-
obtrusive, more mild than ever before.
Putting on his hat, he bowed obediently.

  A lifelong hope or a lifelong ideal must
perish tragically. It was but natural,
therefore, as he started out of the room that
he should sigh heavily and say:

  “ O’ course, I can go on as long as I live
a herdin’ fellers off with a shotgun—but
that’s nothin’. I’d like to make a record
that a feller could take some pride in.”

SOME HIGH BRIDGES.

ACCORDING to the Industrial World, the
new steel three-span, cantilever bridge over
the Kuskulana River in Alaska, built by the Cop-
per River and Northwestern Company, is the
seventh highest bridge in the United States and
the twenty-third highest in the world. According
to statistics prepared by Engineering News, the
highest bridge in the world is St. Giustina, in
the Tyrol, which is 460 feet above the water. The
highest already completed in the United States is
at Pecos, Texas, which is 32S feet high, and ranks
twelfth in the list. However, bridge number seven
in the list will shortly be built over the Crooked

    2	RR

River, in Oregon. 350 feet high. The Kuskulana
bridge is 328 feet high. It consists of standard
trestle approaches and three pin-concreted steel
spans, with piers of solid concrete. The total
length and approaches is S00 feet; of the steel
structure. 525 feet. The bridge was completed on
Christmas day, and has since been placed in regu-
lar operation for construction and ore-trains of
the Copper River and Northwestern, which is
building 50 miles beyond the bridge to the Bo-
nanza mine. An electric plant was set up in the
canon, which lighted the entire works day and
night, owing to length of darkness and cold.
THE RAILROAD ALPHABET

BY GEORGE F. MERRITT.

  Written for “The Railroad Man’s Magazine.”

                     A—is for Auditor, who handles the money.

                      B—is for Brakeman, with a yarn that is funny.

   C—the Conductor in charge of the train.

                     D—the Despatches with keen-working brain.

                       E.—is the Eagle-eye, fearless and cool.

   F—is the Fireman, who obeys every rule.

                      G—the Grasshopper, an engine that’s right.

                      H—is the Hostler who keeps ’em so bright.

                       I —Interlocking, a system to beat.

   J —for the Journals that concentrate heat.

                     K—is the Key—the pounder’s delight.

                    L—Locomotive, the acme of might.

   M—is for Mogul, oft used to haul freight.

   N—is for Narrow-gage, gone out of date.

   O—is for Oil-burners, and Operator, too.

                      P—is for Porter in the swell Pullman crew.

                      Q—is for Quartering—then the crank-pin’s ajar.

                     R—is the Red light we see from afar.

                     S—is the Semaphore, lord of the way.

   T—are the Tickets for which we must pay.

   U—is the Union which holds us together.

                       V—is the Ventilator for relief in hot weather.

                     W—for the Watchman with lantern at night.

                      X—for Xtra which has the least right.

   Y—for Yardmaster, the boss of the yard.

                     Z—for the fellows who work mighty hard.
Great American Train
Robberies.

BY HOWARD MORRIS.

TO the series of gripping hold-up tales already published in The Rail-
road Man's Magazine, dealing with historic desperadoes who have
plundered railroad trains ever since the first steel trails were stretched
across the prairies, we now add Xo. 16. It is the story of two cold-blooded,
desperate men, who measure up well with the worst outlaws of the past.

    The looting of the crack train of the Harriman system was more than
a surprise. People who sit in the electric-lighted drawing-rooms of the lux-
urious hotels-on-wheels are little apt to think of the daredevil feats of Jesse
James and the Younger gang except in the light of an entertaining novel
to while away the after-dinner hour. Those who parted with their valuables
on a west-bounci Overland Limited last January had the unusual experience of
being dumped from romance to reality in a remarkable short space of time.

No. 16.—THE HOLD-UP OF THE OVERLAND LIMITED.

Daring Feat of Two Outlaws, Carried to Success by Coolness and Delib-
eration, Though Marked with Deeds of Violence
and Utter Brutality.

the palatial train of the Harriman system
which runs between Chicago and San
Francisco arrived in Ogden, Utah, six
hours late. At this point the train leaves
the Union Pacific tracks and, on the right-
of-way of the Southern Pacific Company,
begins the last lap of its two-thousand-
mile journey.

 The train consisted of a combination
baggage and dynamo - car, six Pullman
sleepers, a diner, and an observation-car.
Railroad posters and gtiides proclaim the
train a veritable palace on wheels, and in-
deed it offers conveniences to tourists which
are not to be had everywhere. Its arrival
in Ogden so far behind its schedule was

Began In the October. 1906 Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies, 10 cents.

595

              pleasant thoughts accompa-
nied the mental evolutions
of Engineer Ed Rouse when
he saw that the light of
an automatic semaphore was
blazing out red against his
six-hours late Overland Limited. Yet it
never occurred to him that this tantalizing
state of affairs was the initial happening
in a series of sensational events which a
short time later would result in his gazing
into the muzzle of a sawed-off shotgun,
along the barrels of which glistened two
beady eyes, peering over an improvised
handkerchief mask.

  On the evening of January 2, 1911,
596

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

a most unusual proceeding, and when the
new crew stepped aboard, it was with the
avowed intention of diminishing this last
time or at least to maintaining schedule
speed while the train was in their charge.

  At 10.32 p.m. Engineer Rowse opened
the throttle, and the limited started west.
The light of the junction city soon faded
in the rear, and on the level road-bed ap-
proaching the Lucin cut-off, which stretches
across Great Salt Lake, the limited sped
at a rate of sixty miles an hour.

  Most of the passengers had retired for
the night, and there was a stillness
throughout the train that was broken only
by the monotonous rumble of wheels. Con-
ductor W. A. "Middleton had checked up
his tickets and the result showed twenty-
seven passengers aboard.

  Six miles west of Ogden, the engineer
whistled at West Weber, and three miles
farther on Rowse again opened the screech-
valve for Reese siding. Between these sta-
tions there is a block, governed by auto-
matic semaphores at either end.

  One mile and a half east of the home
signal at Reese station is an intermediate
semaphore.

  There is nothing else to mark this par-
ticular spot, there being no habitations of
any kind in sight. The land on either
side of the track is barely worth the tilling,
for in wet seasons it is flooded by an in-
land sea and is too soaked with salt water
to be fertile. It is altogether a bleakz
desolate place, but to those on the speed-
ing train this made little difference, for the
scene was hidden by darkness even to the
passenger who might be finishing a last
cigar in the smoking-compartment.

Stopped by the Semaphore.

  His eyes riveted upon the glistening
track ahead, Rowse sat silently in his cab
until, with a start of alarm, he perceived
the intermediate semaphore just east of
Reese piercing the night with its single
red eye of danger. Reluctantly he closed
the throttle and applied the air.

  The chance of making up Jost time’ went
glimmering as the brake-shfles gripped the
steel tires and the train came to a dead
stop alongside the signal-stand. Head
Brakeman William Cross alighted from
the front coach, and by the aid of his
lantern groped his way past the engine
and down the track to ascertain the trouble.

  A hundred yards ahead of the locomo-
tive he waved a faint assurance with his
lantern, and the engineer caused the train
to creep along in the wake of the hurry-
ing brakeman. Thus for a mile and a half
the Overland Limited, already desperately
behind time, was man-paced toward the
modest station of Reese. There they found
the home-signal was clear, indicating that
the fault was merely a defect in the mech-
anism of the intermediate semaphore.

  The head brakeman climbed aboard the
train and the man at the throttle gave two
short blasts on the whistle.

  In another minute the Overland Limited
would have been on its way, but something
happened to prevent Engineer Rowse from
carrying but his intentions. The brakes
suddenly gripped the wheels, and the train
could not be moved.

Warned of the Hold-Up.

  “ Well, this beats the Dutch," came with
disgusted vehemence from the lips of the
engineer. “First it's the signal and now
it's the air. I’ll have to go back and find
out what’s the matter.”

  “ Vo’ better not go back der, Mister
Engineer,” said a voice with unmistakable
Ethiopian accents from the top of the ten-
der. Engineer and fireman looked up and
saw an ashen-hued Pullman porter climb-
ing toward them.

  “ Der’s robbers got this ver train and
dey is killin’ all the porters what they kin
fin’. Dev’s already killed Mister Davis,
and dey has shot Mister Taylor so’s he
can’t live. They is robbin’ all de people.
Better not go back, Mister Engineer.”

  There was no mistaking the true pur-
port of the frightened porter’s words, yet,
disregarding his warning. Engineer Rowse
coolly lighted his torch and climbed from
the cal>. He worked his way slowly back
along the coaches, peering at the couplings
and hose connections as he went. Stand-
ing on the track behind the last coach was
Brakeman Cross, his lantern lighting a
little circle of the bleak surroundings.

Flagman Made Prisoner.

  The engineer, who there discovered and
closed the open angle-cock which had set the
brakes, was again told that the train was
in the hands of bandits. Neither of the
trainmen was armed, yet they decided to
GREAT AMERICAN TRAIN ROBBERIES.

597

  enter one of the cars and learn more of the
  robbery which was then taking place.

   When the train had stopped at the
 first semaphore, almost a half hour before,
 Flagman H. H. Hancock, who had gone
 back to flag the rear-end, was in the act of
 responding to five short blasts of the whistle
 when unforeseen circumstances prevented.

- He had just grasped the hand-rails when
 his attention was arrested by the gruff
 order: “Throw up your hands!”

    Still holding to one hand-rail he turned
  to gaze behind him, and found a double-
  barreled shotgun pointing at his head, with
  the muzzle not more than three feet awav.

  • Without waiting for further explanation, he
  complied with the order.

    At the side, and only a few feet to the
  rear of his companion, the flagman dis-
  covered a second bandit, for such he real-
  ized the men to be. The two men had sud-
  denly appeared at the rear of the train like
  darker shadows which had detached them-
  selves from the surrounding gloom.

   The train was already moving when
 Flagman Hancock received his second com-
 mand, which was to get on board. He
 obeyed with alacrity and was closely fol-
 lowed up the steps by his two unwelcome
 acquaintances. Standing on the wide rear-
 platform of the observation-car, Hancock,
 with his hands again extended skyward,
 was able, by the aid of the dim light from
 the drawing-room lamps, to make a more
 careful scrutiny of the bandits.

Ready for Business.

    One of the pair was more than six feet
  tall, with stooped shoulders and a gaunt,
  slender form. He was dressed in black,
  and wore a short, shabby overcoat, with col-
  lar turned up His companion was sev-
  eral inches shorter, and of more rotund
  proportions

    He was apparently darker in complexion
  than the other, but his clothes were of the
  same hue, and he, too, wore an overcoat
  Both wore caps which partly covered their
  ears and foreheads, and the lower portion
  of their faces was masked with large blue
  handkerchiefs

    About each man’s waist was a cartridge-
  belt with two automatic revolvers of heavy
  caliber, and in their hands they carried
  sawed-off shotguns. There could be no mis-
  taking their motive in thus boarding the
  train.

  The train robbers did not tarry outside
the coach, for, be it known that their inten-
tion was to complete the looting of the train
before its slow progress brought it to the
home signal at Reese Siding. With a
warning to Hancock, they pushed on into
the train. From the first berth the robbers
seized a pillow-slip and, handing this re-
ceptacle to the flagman, they began the
sacking of the train.

Shot in Cold Blood.

  Coming to the smoking-compartment, at
the end of the third Pullman, the shorter
bandit attempted to push ojben the door. It
did not yield to his first effort, and, believ-
ing that some of the passengers had barri-
caded themselves in the little room, the
bandits prepared for trouble Throwing
the weight of his stocky body against the
door, it flew open and the short bandit
lunged into the compartment with his shot-
gun ready for instant use.

  He was surprised to find only two negro
porters, William Davis and W. A. Taylor,
who had entered the room to eat their mid-
night lunch, unmindful of what was taking
place on the train. Both men jumped to
their feet with exclamations of alarm when
the bandit burst in upon them

  “What'll we do with these porters?”
asked the shorter of the outlaws, evidently
believing that the colored men had opposed
his entrance to the room

  “Kill ’em—they’re only niggers,” an-
swered the taller desperado, with an oath,
and, acting upon these brutal words, the
short train robber fired pointblank at the
two men.

  Both negroes dropped to the floor of the
car. The heavy buckshot from the bandit’s
gun had pierced Davis’s heart, and he died
without a struggle. Taylor’s right arm was
shattered by part of the charge, and. though
he did not lose consciousness, he lay beside
the dead body of his companion feigning
death, until the murderers had passed on
out of the narrow passage and into the next
car.

taught in a Trap.

  That Flagman Hancock did not share
the fate of Davis shortly afterward is most
remarkable. While the attention of both
bandits was temporarily occupied by the
negroes, Hancock, still in possession of the
598

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

sack containing the valuables so far col-
lected, made a dash for liberty. He ran
ahead through three cars, and would prob-
ably have left the train had he had time to
open a vestibule door, for unfortunately all
were closed.

  He had scarcely vanished when the taller
bandit discovered his absence, and both
robbers gave chase. Upon reaching the rear
platform of the baggage-car Hancock found
the door locked, and here he was overtaken
by the outlaws.

  Considering their murderous deed of a
few minutes before, it would have seemed
most natural for them to send a charge of
buckshot into the flagman's body, but, with
a volley of oaths, they ordered him to come
on back and finish up his work. Reluc-
tantly Hancock preceded the bandits back
to the point where they had paused in their
robbing to commit murder.

  Fiction writers have clothed the bandits
of the West with more or less chivalry. The
marauders of the Overland Limited were
not bandits of fiction, and even the crude
chivalry which attaches itself to many of
the tales of the James boys cannot be cred-
ited to these men. Their entire trip through
the train was marked by coarse brutality.

No Regard for Women.

  Women passengers were greeted with
curses and vilest insults, and some, clothed
only in their sleeping garments, were jerked
roughly from berths and forced to drop
their jewels arid money into the yawning
sack held by the flagman.

  One woman, who indignantly resented
the intrusion of the robbers into her berth
and who refused to take off her rings at the
request of the masked men, was dealt a
vicious blow with the butt of a revolver.
Her valuables were then taken, and she was
left in a faint upon the floor.

  A traveling salesman, who had not yet
retired, was reading a newspaper when the
outlaws approached from the rear and
ordered him to throw up his hands. Be-
wildered by such an unexpected order, the
salesman stared dumbly at the train rob-
bers until the shorter bandit struck him a
blow over the head with the barrel of his
shotgun.

  This man dropped more than a hundred
dollars into the plunder-poke, and he gave
a last wistful look at his watch and two-
carat Kimberley stone which had gleamed

from a Tiffany setting on his middle finger,
as he bade them good-by.

  Conductor Middleton, in the front Pull-
man, was informed of the hold-up by the
fleeing porter, as he scurried past on his
way to the engine. Middleton is small in
stature, and has been in the service of the
Southern Pacific a score of years. What he
lacks in height he makes up in dignity.

Face to Face with Them.

  The startling words of the colored man
caused him to arise from his seat, twist one
of the frail ends of his gray mustache nerv-
ously and start toward the rear of the train.
Like the captain of a ship he deemed it his
duty to face any danger that might be lurk-
ing. Incidentally he transferred his time-
piece "from his vest to his hip pocket.

  In the next car he came face to face with
the plunderers.

  “Dig up,” was the laconic salutation
that greeted him, and the sack, now growing
heavy with its booty, was held in an accom-
modating position by its unwilling custo-
dian. What change the conductor had in
his pockets he dropped into the proffered
sack.

  “Put in your watch,” he was roughly
ordered.

  “ I forgot my watch this trip,” he lied
boldly, pulling back his coat that they
might see the vacant pockets of his vest.

  The taller man stepped to his side with
an oath.

  “Better give it up,” whispered Hancock,
who knew the brutal temperament of the
men Middleton was trifling with.

His Timepiece Is Taken.

  The tall bandit reached forward, seized
the conductor by his mustache, and nearly
tore the facial decoration out by its roots.
A cry of pain escaped the distorted lips of
the trainman; his hand moved speedily to
his hip pocket and came forth with the hid-
den watch.

  Middleton joined Hancock as a prisoner,
and under the guns of the enemy marched
forward as he was bid. It was shortly
after this incident, and before the bandits
had completed their canvass of the pas-
sengers, that the slow progress of the lim-
ited was momentarily checked, followed by
two blasts of the whistle.

Realizing that the train had reached the
GREAT AMERICAN TRAIN ROBBERIES.

599

home signal at Reese siding, and that Flag-
man Cross had found the block clear, the
train robbers thwarted Engineer Rowse's
intention of proceeding by setting the air
against him.

  ' When the last coach was looted and the
end door of the baggage-car was reached,
the robbers ordered that the door be opened,
but as it remained closed, they "did not
endeavor to force it, but compelled the train-
men to open the vestibule door leading from
the train.

  As soon as they got outside, Hancock was
relieved of the plunder, which, in cash and
valuables,^ amounted to more than three
thousand dollars. He was then forced, with
the conductor, to lead the way toward the
engine. Here again the masked men dis-
played a knowledge of railroading. The
taller man, climbing into the engine-cab,
ordered Fireman McLean to pull ahead
and clear the switch.

  Following the orders, so threateningly
delivered, the fireman turned the steam into
the cylinders until the train moved ahead
a few car-lengths.

“What the Engineer Found.

  Let us return to the engineer and the
rear-brakeman, who but a few minutes be-
fore this movement of the train climbed
aboard the rear platform. The engineer
boldly opened the door, and the two train-
men entered the train, to find every person
in the last Pullman with his hands extended
upward. The bandits were gone, but the
passengers, hypnotized by fear, were still
obeying their orders. Engineer Rowse
could not repress a smile—grim humor
though it was.

  “What’s the matter with you people?”
he asked.

  “Train robbers!” exclaimed the boldest
in the coach, and at the words the others
attempted to reach higher into the air.

  “They're gone now,” assured the train-
man. “ Better give your arms a rest.”

  “They are in the next car,” ventured a
passenger, and not a hand was lowered.

  Engineer Rowse left the car by the rear
door and began walking back to his engine.
The train jerked and strained at its brakes
and then moved slightly ahead. This phe-
nomenon led the engineer to believe that the
robbers must be on the engine, for the fire-
man of his own volition would not attempt
to move the train.

  Rowse hurried ahead. Two of his fellow
trainmen stood near the locomotive with
their hands above their heads, but he had
grown accustomed to this pose and it elic-
ited no further smile. He did not speak.
Holding his torch ahead of him he began
elevating himself into the cab of his engine.

Forced To Obey.

  The muzzle of a gun was shoved so close
to his face that he glanced along the mur-
derous barrels until his eyes met the steel-
blue orbs of the tall train robber, who
backed away and permitted him to climb
into the cab. Covered by the gun, the pilot
assumed his accustomed ’seat.

  “ Cut the engine and baggage-car loose,”
ordered the tall man, and his companion
climbed from the cab and told Hancock to
assist him in uncoupling the train.

  Singled out again to do the bidding of the
robbers, the flagman accompanied his guard
to the point where the baggage-car was
coupled to the first coach. He was ordered
to uncouple the cars and began the task,
which was no easy one.

    Stand back and I’ll fix it,” said the
bandit, after the flagman had tugged at the
valve of the steam-hose for several moments.
With the shotgun at his side the bandit
crouched between the cars like a veteran
trainman. He succeeded in closing the
valve and disconnecting the hose, but the
steam was escaping so badly that he did
not stop to break the other connections.

  With a half-audible statement that they
would “just pull ’em apart,” the bandit
unhooked one safety chain, raised the
coupling-lever and told Hancock to signal
the engineer to pull ahead.

Escaping on the Engine.

  There was a rending of hose between the
baggage-car and coach as the front part of
the train glided ahead a few feet. Severed
from the dynamo-car the coaches were
pitched into darkness. Leaving Hancock
with Middleton, the short bandit climbed
aboard the engine, and again Rowse was
ordered to pull ahead.

  The locomotive was wheeled to the Reese
switch, which was opened by Fireman Mc-
Lean, at the command of the outlaws. The
engine was backed upon the siding, run
eastward past the coaches, and again shifted
to the main track.
600

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

  It was easy to divine the intention of the
bandits. It was no part of their plan to
mount horses held in waiting and gallop
off to some mountain fastness. They were
not train robbers of the old-school, but of
the modem type, and they desired to have
the engine carry them back to the outskirts
of Ogden. Once in the city, they knew they
would be safer from capture than were they
hidden in the very heart of the Wasatch
Mountains.

  Every detail of the hold-up to this point
seemed to have worked as the bandits plan-
ned. But fate, which had favored them in
every move, at this juncture turned for the
moment against them.

  In their planning they had not reckoned
that the Overland would be followed by a
meat train, and now, as the stolen engine
rolled toward Ogden, the headlight of the
second locomotive loomed in their path like
a nemesis. The freight had stopped at the
semaphore and the front brakeman had
already advanced ahead of the engine and
was walking toward Reese.

  Engineer Rowse brought his engine to a
standstill within a short distance of the
freight locomotive. The walking flagman
paused by the side of the bandit train and
held his lantern high.

  The light enabled him to see that a shot-
gun was pointed at his head, and when the
holder of the weapon told him to back to
the fence and hold up his hands, he fol-
lowed instructions without argument.

  The outlaws climbed from the cab and,
passing the freight-engine unnoticed, walked
along the track toward the caboose. The
short bandit entered the way-car and cov-
ered the lone brakeman with his menacing
shotgun.

  Then, momentarily turning his back on

HORSE-POWER

THE public demand for all the luxuries of the
modem hotel, in travel, together with a de-
sire for speed, has put a tremendous tax on the
twentieth-centurv locomotive. Xot only must the
heavy train of steel cars be kept in motion at a
high speed, but it must be heated, lighted, venti-
lated, and braked as well. All of these are im-
portant considerations, as they cause a constant
drain on the locomotive boiler. The steam con-
sumption of auxiliaries is so great that locomotive
designers have been forced to consider it in
selecting power for limited trains. It happens
that the drain on the boiler from auxiliaries is
greatest in winter; the time when the train re-

the man, the outlaw tore a portable tele-
phone from the wall of the car and broke
it upon the floor. Satisfied that this move
would allow more time for escape, the
bandit swung himself from -the steps of the
caboose and, joining his companion, disap-
peared into the night.

     An hour later the sheriff's office at Ogden
  received a telephone message from James
  Wayment, a- bishop of the Mormon Church
  at Warren, that his two daughters, with
  flieir escorts, while walking home from a
  country dance, had been held up by two
  masked men and relieved of what few valu-
  ables they carried with them. This robbery
  occurred about seven miles from Ogden and
  about two miles from the point where the
  train robbers abandoned the engine.

    Almost simultaneous with this report
  came the- information of the train robbery,
  the message reaching Ogden from Promon-
  tory Point, fifteen miles west of the scene of
  the hold-up. Engineer Rowse had returned
  with his engine to his. abandoned train and,
  recoupling to the coaches, had pulled west-
  ward to the nearest telegraph station.

    The usual western plan which prevails
  in crimes of this character was followed in
  this instance, except that the sheriff's
  posse, all heavily armed, rode in automo-
  biles instead of on horseback in scouring
  the country for traces of the train robbers.
  Within a few hours after the first report of
  the hold-up detectives from three railroads
  of the Harriman system were arriving in
  Ogden by dozens.

    A special train brought a number of rail-
  road officials and more detectives from Salt
  Lake City. For days Ogden and surround-
  ing country fairly bristled with officers and
  detectives, but the identity of the men still
  remains a profound mystery.

FOR LUXURIES.

  sistance and radiation from the boiler amounts to
  the most. In winter the horse-power consumed by
  auxiliaries is about 300 for a ten-car train, which
  may be divided as follows: 75 horse-power for
  operating the two 9J^-inch air pumps; 60 horse-
  power for operating turbo-generators for train
  lighting, and 150 horse-power for heating and
  ventilating. The total of 300 horse-power calls
  for the combustion of about 1.500 pounds of coal
  per hour. It is common for Pacific type power in
  this service to consume 8.000 pounds of coal an
  hour. Hence we may say that about IS per cent
  of the coal consumed is used for auxiliaries —

. Railway and Locomotive Engineer.
CAPTURED BY CHEYENNES.

BY R. M . WEST.

              This Remarkable Incident in the Life of
              a Frontier Soldier Is Founded on Fact.

            N a frosty morning in the fall of
1868—just the sort of morn-
ing to jump into the saddle
and dash over the buffalo
grass of the prairies—eleven
cavalry men, members of
Troop M, then stationed at Fort Wallace,
Kansas, were ordered fifteen miles into the
wilderness for fire-wood for the fort.

  Our mules had been in the corral for sev-
eral days, eating Uncle Sam’s grain and
hay, and were unusually frisky. When we
started, the light pistol-like snap of the
black snakes mingled musically with our
shrill voices and the rattle of the wagons.
A squad of soldiers, under command of
Sergeant McCoy, of the Fifteenth Infantry,
was sent along to act as escort. Sergeant
McCoy and Tom Davis, the wagon-master,
rode ahead. McCoy was mounted on a big
brown horse, but Davis rode a little black
mule named Ned, which played a prom-
inent part in the little drama I am about
to relate.

  We hit the dusty pike for several hours,
until we came to a steep bluff bordering a
ravine filled with fine cotton-wood trees.
It was easy enough to get the empty wagons
down the bluffs, but when loaded it was
impossible to return to the roadway back of
the fort without following the course of a
sandy creek for four or five miles.

  While the wood was bein'; gathered, one
man was posted on the bluffs to signal the
camp if Indians approached. At one o’clock
we all gathered round the mess-chest for our
luncheon of bread and cold buffalo meat.

  The man on picket duty was called in for
his luncheon. He said that shortly before
he had seen mounted men riding to the
south and east of us. We tried to laugh
him out of it, but he seemed positive, claim-

ing that he saw ten or fifteen in all riding
in the same direction and strung out one
behind the other.

  As this picket was a raw recruit and had
-never seen an Indian, the other men were
inclined to doubt him. I took particular
interest in his observations, however, for he
described the Indian style of riding so well
that I believed him.

   While in the midst of his description, we
saw the picket who had been sent to relieve
him, waving his musket from the bluff,
about half a mile away. I was ordered to
go to him and learn the trouble. Mounting
the wagon-master’s little mule, Ned, I
started for the bluff.

  While riding up the steep incline from
the ravine, I thought I heard firing, so I
put the spur,, to little Ned and sent him
to the top at full speed. As I came out on
the bluff, the picket was dashing toward
me on foot. The report of firearms was
now plainly heard, and the dust caused by
bullets was flying up near the fleeing man’s
feet. He had deserted his mount.

  While I stood watching, I saw the man
fall. He was up again and running, but
fell again, only to climb to his feet. This
time he limped along very slowly.

   I started for him, but a bullet plowed up
the ground directly in front of me. Who-
ever was doing the shooting was under
cover, so I looked in the direction from
which the shot had come and saw a head
duck down behind a shelf of stone.

  All over the prairie in the vicinity of
Fort Wallace there were ridges of soft sand-
stone. Over to mv right there was a long
ridge of it. and I judged that the attacking
party was behind this ridge, and that they
were approaching the wagon camp from
that direction.
602

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  The poor fellow ahead of me was now
lying quite still. I kept a close watch to
see if he stirred. It struck me that he did
move, so I made for him to take him to
camp, thinking he might only be wounded.

  When ten yards farther in his direction,
I encountered a storm of bullets. My left
leg was struck four inches below the knee.
I knew it would be the height of folly to
attempt to warn the camp. I dismounted
and, leading my mule, tried to get into the
ravine.

  On arriving at the edge of the long bluff
that led down to the cotton-wood camp, my
last hope of getting back to my comrades
left me. On both sides of the ravine were
the red devils. They were not in great
numbers, but they were sufficient to stop
my retreat.

  I made a dash for the table-land. The
Indians did not seem to be worrying about
me, so I took the way leading toward Fort
Wallace, and prepared to run the gantlet
as best I could. I rode clear around the
stony ridge, keeping as far out as possible
and lying down on the side of my mule.

  I came in sight of the outlet through
which I must dash if I intended turning
directly toward the fort. If I failed, I
would be run out on the open prairie, where
the race between the Indian pony and my
fat little mule would end in only one way.

  I started down the stony side of the bluff
at a good stiff gallop, the thin slates of the
loose stones clattering and rattling under
my mule’s feet. The mule is one of the
most sure-footed animals. At one time, my
little mule made a jump that must have
been fifteen feet out and downward. I
expected that we would both land with
broken necks, but we were still going over
the ground at good speed.

  Mules do not like Indians, and Ned had
an interest in this affair. As we began to
ascend the bluff on the other side, ten In-
dian horsemen confronted us and opened
fire. Their aim was poor, for I was not
struck. I did not return their fire just
then, having left camp with only my two
six-shooters. I had not taken a gun with
me, which was a great mistake. But I did
not suppose for a moment that I would go
further than to ascertain the truth of the
picket's story and then report back to camp.

  When I saw the Indians in front of me.
I turned to the left, and throwing myself
along the left side of my mule, rode toward
the wagons in that position.

  I had a good line on the Indians, and
let them understand that I had shooting-
irons by letting three broadsides into them.

  I must have hit some, for one stopped
and others gathered around him. I now
turned my mule and rode back up the
sandy bottom, for the red-skins were plenty
in my front as well as on both my flanks.
1 hey had only to throw a line across my
front and I would be hemmed in like a
buffalo.

  Turning Ned’s head, I galloped up the
ravine about a quarter of a mile. Ahead
of me was a little gulley that seemed to
lead to the level plain beyond. I rode into
it, and kept looking to the right and left,
hoping almost against hope to be able to
get to the level prairie with a fair start for
the fort.

  I had not gone far when a shower of
bullets came from all sides. Poor little
Ned and I went down together. My mule
was dead.

  I did not feel hurt, but one of my legs
was penned under the side of the mule, so
I opened fire with my right-hand six-
shooter. I was soon knocked out, however,
and for a time lost all interest in the fight.

  When I next began to take notice of my
surroundings, I lay on an old, dirty piece
of a blanket. It was dark and a drizzling
rain was falling. I tried to make out where
I was. I soon began to make out objects
more plainly, and noticed a number of
“ feather-heads ” near me.

  I did not move or speak, but lay perfectly
still. I found I was not tied. Then I tried
to learn if I was badly hurt. The leg that
was hit was a little sore, but there were no
bones broken. Further investigation proved
that the ankle of my other leg was badly
sprained.

  I sat up with my arms and head on my
knees and began to think. I tried to make
out where I was and how to get away. I
could not hope to move unless I could get
on the back of a horse.

  I was in a bad fix; one I had always
dreaded even more than death. A prisoner
in the hands of the Indians! Oh, for a
six-shooter! Five shots would have sent
five of these red devils to the eternal fires—
and the last bullet for myself!

  At the first streak of day I tried to look
about me. If a pony or any other animal
that I could ride had been within my reach,
I would certainly have made a break for
liberty.
CAPTURED BY CHEYENNES.

603

  As I was straining my eyes trying to sur-
vey the camp, I was so startled that I
nearly shouted with joy. I heard a voice—
not a cultivated or refined voice—but one
that was touched with the north of Ireland
brogue.

  The voice was singularly familiar. Sit-
ting near a big bundle of buffalo robes was
the speaker. If it had not been for his
fiery red hair and his short turned-up nose,
he might have been taken for one of the
savages, for lie was dressed like the rest of
them.

  He did not look in my direction, but I
knew from his first words that he was talk-
ing at me, or rather, singing at me. The
tune was one I had often heard under more
favorable circumstances. It was “ The
Pretty Maid Milking Her Cow,” but his
words ran like this:

        Now don't let on you know me,

       But I know you—ahem !

        For you are Mr. Bobby West
        Of old Troop M.

  I looked at him, and, perhaps, I smiled.
Anyhow, he went 011 singing, making up
the most remarkable verses, so the Indians
would not understand that he was giving
me instructions just what to do. First he
told me what to do—to make out that I
was very sick, and could not stand or walk;
that he could not help me now, but would
as soon as he had a chance. Then he went
on singing. I recall these words:

        I hope God put it in your mind
        To bring along your mouth-organ
        These devils like that kind of music
        So play it all you can.

       Who—who—too-too-too-de—

         You're with “ Standing Otter’s band."
         Don't look behind you,

        No matter what you hear or see—

       Hum—hum—te-dee, te-dum.

         If you try to speak to me,

         They will kill us both.

  All this was sung in a kind of a chant,
with frequent pauses, while the singer was
working on a pair of moccasins of green buf-
falo hide. It was the sweetest song mortal
man ever heard. There are marvelous sing-
ers in the world, but I am sure none of them
will ever get the applause that I secretly
gave that morning to stubby little red-
headed Peter Farrell—the last man 011 earth
I expected to meet just then.

  I had known Peter Farrell as a soldier
at Fort Sedgwick a few years back. Be-

cause he could not go through the manual
of arms, he was discharged from the ser-
vice. How he got among the Indians, I
was yet to learn.

  And yet I did not believe that he could
do much for me. I had shot at the Indians
and, no doubt, killed one. I was pretty
sure that Peter had not. It was more prob-
able that a year or two before he had wan-
dered into their camp, little knowing or
caring where he was going.

  Suddenly my surmises fell to the ground.
I remembered that unless it is in self-
defense, an Indian will not attack or injure
a red-headed man. If they are obliged to
kill one, they- will not scalp him. They
kept their hands out of red hair just as if
it were red hot.

  Well, as the dawn broke I saw that there
were not more than three hundred Indians
all told.

  So Standing Otter had me! And he was
as bloody a woman-killing fiend as there
was on the plains. I knew I had nothing
to hope from his soul of black ink.

  Only a few moments were lost in getting
breakfast, which consisted of “ bread and
meat.” The “bread” was jerked buffalo
meat, the “ meat" was the fat or tallow of
the same animal.

  Then the camp began to move. We trav-
eled, I should say, about six miles an hour,
I rode in an Indian wagon. This vehicle
is made by fastening a long pole to each
side of the pony, the ends dragging on the
ground, and swinging a stiff untanned buf-
falo hide between the poles in such a
fashion that it makes a bed something like
a hammock.

  They placed me on this and tied my feet
in such a way that I could not slip out.
My bad leg did not get accustomed to the
jolting of the pole ends over the ground,
and my suffering was intense. In a short
time the torture was so great that, at inter-
vals, I lost all sense of my misery and must
have been unconscious.

  The fever in my leg got so bad that I
was afraid inflammation had set in. I
looked for death from blood poisoning. If
I could have got hold of a weapon I would
have made such a fight that the Indians
would have killed me.

  We had not gone far before I began to
suffer for water, and kept calling for it in
the-hope that Farrell would find a way to
help me. My head began to ache, and with
every jolt it seemed as if my brain would
604

THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE.

burst. Every inch of my body was afire.
The pain I suffered is beyond my power
to tell.

  About two hours later, a bladder of water
was thrust into my hands, but, even then,
it was difficult to manage it so as to drink
the warm, filthy stuff. Still, it was wet, and
as soon as I could master the bladder I let
nearly all the water run down my throat.

  When we stopped for the night, and the
persistent jolting ended, I slept for a few
hours. It was still twilight when I awoke.
Peter Farrell sang to me again. I tried to
get a conversation with him, but he would
not allow it, singing to me that if we were
discovered exchanging confidences his life
as well as mine would pay the bill.

  With my leg swelled to four times its
usual size and the almost certain prospect
of death before me, the warning had very
little meaning—only so far as not to com-
promise Peter, who, no doubt, in his own
way was doing all he could to help me,

  I also learned from Peter’s singing that,
if nothing happened to stop us, the Indians
would be at the big village by noon the
next day.

  This was good and bad news. Good
that I would not have to be dragged any
farther; bad that I was probably being
taken to the Indian village to make sport
for the squaws and papooses while I was
being transferred to the happy hunting
grounds.

  Remembering what Peter had chanted

about my mouth organ. I got mine out and_

struck up a lively tune.

  This so pleased the Indians that I had
some faint hopes that they would not roast
me just yet; at least as long as my little
tin harmonica amused them.

  For some reason or other, Peter became
so timid that he sang me very little—in
fact, no information whatsoever about the
village, where it was, or the number of
Indians living there. At night, when all
was still, I tried to wriggle over to a pony
that stood in a dejected attitude near by,
but it was no use. I found that I had
to crawl over sleeping redskins to get near
him, so after a few feeble efforts I lay
still and waited the coming of another day.

  I was overjoyed to find myself on the
back of a pony when we started early next
morning.

  “Now,” I said, “here goes for a break.
They will never take me to their village
alive."

  Calmly but intently I studied the situa-
tion. I was hemmed in by half a hundred
mounted Indians. I kept pretty quiet, and
we jogged along. I did not see or hear
Peter all that day. This made me feel
very blue, especially about the middle of
the afternoon, when we began to meet the
runners from the Indian village.

  Some were mounted on fleet little colts,
while many of the squaws were on foot,
with heavy loads of fresh-killed meat on
their backs.

  It seemed strange to me then that none
of the bucks of our party offered to carry
the bundles for them—but this is not the
Indian way of doing things. The men
rode easily along on horseback, with their
wives, mothers, sisters, and daughters
trudging wearily under their packs by their
horses’ sides.

  There were now several dozen young
boys running alongside my pony. They
talked to me all the time, but I knew
nothing of what they said. However, I
replied to them in the few Indian words
I had picked up.

  My- conversation must have been very
funny, for they laughed a great deal, and
for a people who laugh so very seldom, I
took it as a great compliment.

  I made signs to one for water, and im-
agine my surprise when he ran some dis-
tance away and waited for me to ride up.
When I did, he gave me a drink of very
fair water.

  I took this as a good omen. At that
time I was not quite eighteen years of age,
and I had a faint hope that the young
Indian boys had, boylike, taken a fancy
to me.

  We were soon in the middle of the vil-
lage. The returning heroes were warmly
welcomed by wives and sweethearts, and
there was mourning for the hero who would
never return. Whether I was guilty of being
the cause of the lamentations, I did not
know, and had no way of finding out. for
Peter Farrell had disappeared.

  That night he turned up again. I learned
from his chanting that this party had been
out nearly three weeks, had been beyond
Smoky Hill, and had run onto our wood-
train by accident. Peter had so much to
sing that he was soon out of voice. Putting
my trust in God. I went to sleep.

  I had lost no opportunity to bathe my
lame ankle and the bullet-hole, thus re-
ducing the swelling in both and causing
CAPTURED BY CHEYENNES.

605

them to heal rapidly. Although my stom-
ach rebelled against the stuff the Indians
called food, I tried to eat to maintain
strength for the first chance to get away
or get killed.

  I had given up all hope of help from
Peter. When I made any indication for
his assistance in escaping, he seemed scared
to death, and repeated that if I did get
away they would be so mad they would
kill him to square matters. I wondered"
how he could be so contented with those
filthy people. From time to time as he
sung to me, I learned that he had been
picked up by the Indians while tramping
along the old abandoned North Platte
road, and as he had no arms and did not
try to hide, they took him along. He soon
went to work with a few shoemaker's tools
he had with him and made the chief a
kind of a half moccasin and half shoe out
of green-tanned buffalo-hide, and this es-
tablished him as shoemaker for the tribe.
He could talk quite a little of their gib-
berish, and he seemed to like them.

  For my part, although not wanting to
make matters any worse, I had to draw
the line on poodle soup. When it came
to sitting around a big pot of dog stew
and plunge and struggle for such titbits
as the short little legs and stumpy tail to
pick, as is done at weddings, I had to
quit!

  The Indian has but one good trait—
bravery. He is game to the backbone, a
fighter to the core. For all danger and
pain, and even death itself, he has a con-
tempt that amounts to indifference. The
expression “Indian bravery” has become
the measuring stick by which we size up
all other kinds of courage.

  Yes, I waited patiently to make my es-
cape. I pretended all the time that I was
sick; and could not walk, otherwise my
red friends would have used me for a bon-
fire. As it was, they did not even tie me.
From what Petter caroled to me one day,
I found out that one reason why I had
not been disposed of sooner was that this
village was supposed to be at peace, and
that the government agent would soon
call and distribute blankets for the cold
weather.

  All day long, however, I kept giving
them good lively tunes, “ Money Musk,”
“Marching Through Georgia,” “The Red,
White and Blue,” and “A Life on the
Ocean Wave.” The music also helped to

keep up my own spirits, but when the sun
went down and the squaws lit the fires, there
were the sounds of deviltry by night.

  I hen the fiends began their dance, now
slowly, then leaping faster and faster,
shrieking and writhing as they circled the
crackling flames—and I often expected
that the rising sun would illumine naught
of me but my ashes.

  I kept cool, however, and was always
planning and watching. Oh! if Peter
Farrell could only disappear for a day and
get word to the fort! If into that wild,
weird Indian swinging chant and the thump,
thump of the tom-toms should burst the
crackling music of the Spencers!

  I managed to play the cripple pretty-
well, and had not as yet let them see me
on my feet. My wounds were healing and
I was getting stronger.

  On the fourth day after arriving at the
village my opportunity came.

  A duel to the death was to be fought by
two young warriors. Stripped perfectly
naked, they rode out to the end of the
camp, and the whole tribe was present to
see the fight.

  My two guards were no exception, and,
though they kept a good, close watch on
my movements, they were attracted by the
fight.

  I began to squirm around as if eager
to see the sport, but all the time shaping
my course toward a good-looking American
horse with “ U. S.” branded on his hip.

  I had spotted this animal at the very
first and resolved that I would, get him, if
I could, when my turn did come.

  Not more than ten yards from the horse
was a rawhide bridle. Now, ten yards is
not much of a distance, but in my case
yards were miles and minutes hours.

  Two or three times my body-guards
glanced over at me, but at each glance my
whole attention was directed to the two
fighters. Their mode of dueling was some-
thing like Don Quixote’s encounter with
the Knight of the Mirrors; they rode in
a half circle, one to the right, the other
to the left, and when drawing near each
other their ponies were put to a good run,
and as they passed each tried to drive his
spear through the other.

  It took a long time to draw blood, for
they were splendid horsemen, and would
drop on the opposite side of their pony
when nearing each other.

  It was on the third round that one

/
606

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

managed to rip a gash on the shoulder
exposed by the other. At each dash the
fighters shortened the distance. I judged
that if one did not kill or disable the other
soon, they would slide from their ponies
and settle it hand to hand.

  As things became more warm, the in-
terest of the spectators become more rapt,
and my guards were now paying strict at-
tention to the two gladiators.

  I waited for the propitious moment. It
came sooner than I expected. The wound-
ed warrior jumped from his pony and
made a mad rush at his adversary, jabbing
his spear into the rival pony’s side.

   As I expected, the whole village tried to
be where they could see the finish. I
looked and did not see my guards any-
where—they were lost in the rush.

  This was my time. I hobbled for that
rope-bridle and slipped it on the big “U.
S.” horse, but just as I was climbing onto
him my leg was grabbed and I was pulled
back to the ground.

  I turned and saw an old buck, half
blind and supposed to be crazy. He did
not seem to lie angry, but made signs and
tried to say something.

  I said “ how ” to him for good-by, and
again tried to mount, but this time he
grabbed my arm and gave me a powerful
jerk that swung me around in such a way
as to place him between the horse and me.

  Then I threw all sentiment to the winds
and went at him with the only weapons I
had, my feet and fists.

  He did not yell or fight back, but kept
grabbing at me when I would fry to mount.
Getting a good opening, I butted him in
the stomach. This doubled him up and
made him grunt, but on turning to the
horse I got a sharp crack on the top of
the head from a little club which he quick-
ly picked up.

  I went at him again and butted him in
the stomach with my head, following this
up with blows and kicks. The club com-
ing in contact with my hand, I pulled it
away from him and struck him two or
three times on the head.

  He fell to the ground. I did not wait
to see whether I had killed him or not. I
mounted the horse and lost no time in put-
ting him to a gallop toward \<hat I had
taken all along to be a river of some kind.

  I thought it must be the Arkansas. I
made straight in its direction.

  I did not look behind, but kept urging

my horse to his greatest speed. At first I
was afraid I had picked the wrong animal
for I. had all I could do to get him out
of a trot. However, he proved to be only
in need of urging.

  As soon as he struck a gallop, I turned
on his back and looked behind. I saw a
great commotion among the Indians. "Some
were running after me on foot and others
were mounted. I knew that my success or
failure depended entirely on the speed and
endurance of my horse. He was going
splendidly now; that “ U. S.” on him was
beginning to tell.

  The bridle - rein had a long, whiplike
end, and this I used to keep him up to
his work until he lengthened out into
springs that made the prairie flow back
under us like a river!

  The Indians were now in full chase
after me. They had spread out like a
fan, making it necessary for me to take
a straight course ahead. I was overjoyed
to find that my horse was no mere sprinter,
but was keeping up a good rate of speed;
that there was none of the wabbling, un-
certain motion of a broken down, winded
plug.

  I kept my face toward the line of bluffs
in front, expecting they must skirt a river.
When I next took a survey behind me, I
saw-that eight of my pursuers were away
ahead of the others, and that one of the
eight was leading the whole tribe. He,
then, was .the one with whom I must first
deal.

  How I wished for a Henry rifle or even
a Long Tom! I had nothing in the shape
of arms, so it all depended on the bound-
ing animal beneath me. He was holding
his own. If he could keep going until
dark, I would have a show to dodge thg^-
outfit behind me.

  On I went, straight ahead. I thought
I must be close to the bluffs, but distance
on the plains is very deceptive, and they
seemed as far away as ever.	-

  The Indian leading was now not more
than five hundred yards behind. I saw
that he was slowly gaining on me.

  I had no doubt but that the little In-
dian pony would do as he had always done
—run down the big horse in a long chase.
Besides, the Indian has a secret of twisting
speed out of a horse that a white man
doesn't possess. There was a saying on
the plains that “ A white man will ride a
horse till he drops, and then an Indian
CAPTURED BY CHEYENNES.

607

will mount him and ride him twice as
far.”

  In selecting the big horse I knew this.
I would not trust a pony to take me out
of the village. Some may laugh at this,
but when they see as many tricks per-
formed by those, knowing little rascals as
I have they will not laugh. Besides, 1
felt a companionship for the American
horse with the big “ U. S.” on him.

  When the .nearest Indian got to within
two or three hundred yards of me I ex-
pected to feel the wind of a bullet; but
for some reason he bent forward flat on
his horse and rode in silence. The others
were so far behind that I did not fear
them, for it was getting late, and darkness
would soon be with us.

  I was riding toward what looked like
a big rock, but it turned out to be a
cone - shaped mound of dirt. My horse
when he brought his forefeet down was
now making that heavy flop that is the
forerunner of total collapse in the tired-
out horse. I well knew that, pound him as I
might, he would soon slow down to a dog-
trot or tumble—but I had already planned
what to do when flight was no longer pos-
sible.

  I glanced back at the naked savage. The
shadows behind me were growing longer,
but it was not yet dark. I could see only
this lone Indian. I could hear his pony’s
short, hard breathing.

  He did not shoot. I lay on the srde of
my horse, but he should have been able to
fetch me with an arrow at that distance—
not more than seventy yards. The knoll
was just ahead, and my hopes were high;
but in one leg I had a bullet-hole, and on
the other a sprained ankle; and my horse
was beginning to stagger.

  Lashing him once more into a wavering
gallop, and keeping a good grip on his
mane, I slipped from his back and on my
lame legs ran by his side. Be it known
that a good man on foot can easily outrun
a tired horse—even if it is ridden by an
Indian.

  The pain was frightful, not so much
from the wound as from the sprained ankle.
The horse kept me from falling. I held on
to his mane until my foot became numb
and would bear my full weight.

  We were now about fifty yards apart,
and, behind me, I could hear the Indian
quirting every possible inch of speed out
of his gasping pony. I looked back, let go

the horse’s mane, and ran with all my speed
for the top of the hill.

  On gaining it, I looked back and saw my
horse eating grass, while the Indian, who
had reached the foot of the hill, had not
tried to follow me, but was riding around
the base of the hill to head me off.

  His pony was about as winded as my
horse, and, as the red gentleman seemed to
be unarmed, I was not much afraid of him;
so, as he went on around the hill, I doubled
on him and ran back to my horse. Out of
sight on the other side of the hill, the Indian
sent forth shrill war-whoops to guide his
companions.

  They would soon be here. I snatched
the horse’s bridle over his head and started
to run along and lead him, but he proved"
balky, so I left him and struck out on foot
down between the steep banks of a small,
dry water-course.

  That bloodhound had not seen me, and I
bore off in an entirely new direction. It
was^now growing dark. I kept on through
the winding gulleys, never going to the top
of the ridges if I could help it, for an ob-
ject moving along the sky-line can be seen
far away—even at night.

  I knew that I had little or nothing to
fear from the Indian. His finding me
would be a mere chance. In the darkness
he could not follow my trail, and, besides,
I was able to make almost as good time as
he could.

  Though my wounds hurt, I had to keep
moving. If I rested, my leg would get so
stiff and sore that I would not be able to
walk.

  All night I went on. Two or three times
I thought I saw a mounted man. I stopped
still a moment, but must have been mistaken
—for it was never so dark but I could have
seen any large object moving on top of the
hills.

  It was now gray in the east, and I had
not yet come to the Arkansas. I expected
at every turn to see the valley where the
river was, and it was nearly daybreak when
I found myself plunging through the tall,
dry grass which, in the plains, is a never-
failing sign of water.

  Daylight found me still in this grass—at
times as high as my head—but I could find
no water.

  I	was so utterly tired out, and my leg
pained me so badly, that I lay down and
went to sleep. About noon the burning sun
awoke me. Observing nothing to hide from,
608	THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

11	pressed on. I was both hungry and dry.
The thirst was the worst of the two. At
first I made little progress, but after a while
I limbered up and kept up a good three-
mile-an-hour gait for the rest of the day.

  Still nothing to eat, and no water. Along
toward night the grass began to grow short-
er. I must have traveled parallel with the
river, or else this was the widest valley I
had ever struck.

  Soon, however, I was out where I could
look around me—and I was mighty glad
when I saw a small shanty about half a
mile ahead.

  Before I reached it I saw the shining
water of a good-sized river.

  After drowning my thirst I stuck my
foot in the cool water, lay back on the grassy
bank, and again fell asleep.

  There was a good road along the river,
and I felt comparatively safe from my ene-
mies, as the Indians seldom traveled on the
roads. When they attack trains or camps
they always make a sudden dash from the
bluffs which line the river valleys.

  At this time the Overland stage did not
run on the lower Arkansas. It crossed the
river at Fort Lyons, and the mail was then
taken from the forts and towns to the
smaller places by military mounted men or
four-mule ambulances.

  On coming to the old hut I found it
empty. I entered, found a bunk, and con-
cluded to spend the night there.

  I lay down, but soon heard a noise. I
listened, but could not make out what it
was. A rustling noise seemed to be all
around me.

  I lay still to listen, when soon, by the
faint light that streamed in from the open
doors and windows, I saw a large snake—
the largest I had ever seen—glide across the
dirt floor and under my bunk.

  Before I could make up my mind what to
do another moved out to the middle of the
floor, stopped still, then made a dive for the
place under the bunk. I made a dash, and
was soon marking good time down the road.

  The next morning it seemed as if the
sides of my stomach were rubbing together.
As I started forth I noticed little camp-
fires at my front. I approached them very
carefully. Finally I made out the canvas^
covered wagons of a bull train. I need not
attempt to describe my feelings when I rea-
lized that I was near my own kind of people.

  I was soon telling my story to A. N.
Mackay, the wagon-master of a bull train

loaded with grain and bound for Fort Rey-
nolds. The boys did all they could for my
comfort. What a breakfast I did eat! The
amount of bacon and flapjacks I stored
away, to say nothing of the coffee, almost
wrecked the grub-wagon.

  Mackay invited me to travel with him
until I came to a stage line, where I could
get back to Fort Wallace. Bull trains trav-
el slowly, and it took four days to reach
Fort Lyons. There I reported to General
Penrose. He listened to my story, and de-
cided that I had been captured by a band
of Cheyennes which had been sent to Silver
Creek to await the government agent, who
was to send them to a new reservation.

  “That's the way of it,” he said. “You
can’t depend on an Indian when he is once
out of sight. I have no cavalry, or I would
send a squad out after them.”

  The quartermaster at Fort Lyons fur-
nished me with transportation back to
Fort Wallace, and next day I climbed
aboard the coach.

  When the Concord lumbered up the dusty
road and rolled into the fort it carried a
pretty happy youngster. Every one was sur-
prised to see me come back with my hair on.

  Twenty days after I returned to Fort
Wallace a newly arrived troop of the Sev-
enth Cavalry was sent out to hunt up the
Indians that had captured me.

  I went along. I wanted to see Standing
Otter. Besides the usual allowance, I took
an extra supply of cartridges, and one in
particular I marked and made “good medi-
cine ” over, and carried handy in my vest-
pocket for the Indian who chased me.

  Before we started I went to the quarter-
master’s clerk, bought some lump sugar,
and took it along. This was for the big
American horse with “ U. S. ” on his hip.
but I guess that run about finished him.

  We-found die camp, but all was still and
lonesome. I fired my “medicine cartridge”
at a coyote.

  I have wondered often if Peter Farrell
is alive to-day. If he stayed with the In-
dians he is probably a rich squaw man,
living on some reservation surrounded by
his interesting family. But, alive or dead
—good luck to him! I shall never forget
his singing when I lay a wounded captive,
sick and hopeless, waiting to be burned at
the stake. His rich Irish brogue was sweet-
er than the angels’ singing. God bless red-
headed Peter Farrell—and that big Ameri-
can horse.
Observations of a Country
Station-Agent.

BY J. E. SMITH.

No. 36.—Matt White and Sam Horne, of Two Kentucky Freight-Houses,
Indulge in a Battle Royal Because “ Barko ” Would
Ride in a Way-Car.

body sends a dog away, or somebody gets a
dog. I’ve handled a thousand dogs and
nary a cat. That ought to tell which of ’em
people think the most of.”

  “You can’t tell me anything, either,” ar-
gued the freight-house man. “ I know when
a woman gets attached to a cat she thinks
as hiuch of it as she does of one of the
family, and she wouldn’t think eny more of
eny dog. People think so much of cats they
won’t trust ’em to express drivers. I’ve
known ’em to come all the way from Ohio
and git ’em theirselves. I’ve seen examples
of tender regard for cats that would open
an express driver’s eyes.”	|

  “Maybe you have,” acquiesced the ex-
press driver with the Missourian accent;
“ but when I see one thousand dogs shipped
in and out, and nary a cat, I can’t help
forming some private opinion of my own
which of the two the human family thinks
the most of.

  “ Why, a dog’s a friend of a man. He’ll
stick to you till they tie the crape on the
door, and then follow the hearse to Crown
Hill. A dog will take care of the baby
and be a chum to the boy, while the cat’s
stretched out asleep behind the baseburner.

      Series began in the July, J907, Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies, 10 ccnts.

3 RR	609

                 OU can’t tell me,” urged the
                   express driver, “ that wom-
                   en think more of cats than
                   they do of dogs. A cat
                   ain’t one, two, three in the
                   affections of a family com-
                   pared to a dog. Not on yer life.”

     “ A woman will go as far for a cat as she
   will for a dog,” persisted the freight-house
   man. “I know. I’ve seen it tested.”

     “ How can you tell anything about it,
  truckin’, checkin’, and deliverin’ freight?”
  dananded the express driver. “When you
  drive an express wagon as long as I have
  you’ll entertain different views. I’ve been
  pickin’ up and deliverin’ express five years
  in this town, and I've never handled a cat
  yet. Think of that! Never had one boxed,
  crated, or led by a string to ship out or that
  came in. Not a single cat, y’ understand!

     “ If people think so all-fired much of
  cats as you say they do, how does it come
  no one ever has a cat expressed to him or
  her, and no one ever sends a cat out by
  express? Ain’t that good evidence? They
  can’t be much affection, or somebody would
  / send somebody a cat—or somebody would
  get a cat from somebody. Every week some-
610

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ There's something in the wag of a dog’s
tail like the human handshake, and noth-
ing else in creation has it. He’s barking
his welcome to you and showing his dumb
affection, while the cat’s inside sneaking up
on the canary. Can’t convince me any one
thinks as much of a cat as they do of a dog.
It ain’t human.”

  This argument ended as all arguments
between man and man end, whether politics,
religion, or philosophy. Each had his own
slant to the proposition. The freight-house
man because of the woman who came back
from Ohio after her cat, and the express
driver because he had handled a thousand
dogs and “nary a cat.”

  We base many a robust conclusion on a
slender incident. In the blindness of toil
by which we earn our bread there is only
now and then a flicker of light, in which
grotesque and ill-defined outlines are im-
pressed on the mind of the worker and from
which he works out his state of mind, his
estimates and conclusions.

  He retains the primitive instinct of com-
bat. So we spend many hours in argu-
ment and wrangle, and we touch everything
from the eternity of the soul to the domestic
value of the dog and the cat, proving but
little and convincing no one.

  “Well, there’s one thing sure. You
couldn't give me the best dog or the flossiest
cat that ever lived,” concluded the freight-
house man, grasping the truck handles. “If
you should ever get a dog addressed to me,
you'd do me a favor to stop at the drug-
store and git a package of pizen. Then
we’d have what they call one of them closed
incidents right away.”

  He released the truck handles.

  “ I was up at the drug-store the other
day, and the clerk was showing me a big,
woolly spider in a bottle of alcohol.
“‘What’s that?’ I asked.

  “ ‘ Why, that came out of a bunch of ba-
nanas,’ said the clerk. ‘ It’s a tarantula.
The boss is keeping it; it’s a pet.’

  “The other day old Judge Holbrook’s
family mare ran two miles, and only touched
the ground about a dozen times. When she
brought up she had only a piece of one tug
hanging to her. She had scattered the vari-
ous members of the family at convenient
distances along the roadway. The old nag
has been in the family ten years and is a
pet. These animal pets is something fierce.

  “Why, you can’t even pet your own wife.
If you do, she will cast you up as a soft

mark and relieve you of all your change, or
have you scrubbing the back porch, doing
the dishes, and filling the bottle for the
baby. When you pet anything you got a
weakness that will be used against you every
time.”

  “Well, I wouldn’t want any spiders, and
a horse is a horse,” observed the express
driver. “ But a dog’s different from any
other animal there is. He’s the only living
thing you can abuse and treat mean and
that will come back to you a friend. He’s
the only living animal that knows you and
picks you out and follows you true.”

  “Nix on eny of ’em for me,” protested
the freight-house man, “ and durn a dog.”

  It is said of a well known but odious per-
sonage, who sportively displays a cloven
hoof and two short, roguish horns, that if
called, “Here, Satan! Here, Satan!” he
will at once appear. So it was in the case of
Matt White, the freight-house man. Having
passed a sweeping condemnation of all ani-
mal pets, with the final anathema on the
dog, he proceeded to break the seal of a
way-car that had just been set out by the
local from the West and placed at the
freight-house platform.

  It should be explained in this connection
that every day a way-car from the West was
partly emptied at Willowdale, after which
it was set out at Mosstown, which was Matt
White’s station. Then from the East there
was a way-car every day, with the reverse
operation: that is, partly unloaded at Moss-
town and set out at Willowdale.

  These are industrial towns ten miles
apart and with the usual keen rivalry for
the world’s attention.

  Intense loyalty to one's surroundings, the
passion for exulting over a superiority, the
glory of outdoing and surpassing, are ever
strong in the human breast. It is particu-
larly marked among office men at various
railroad stations.

  The consuming passion of the force at
Willowdale was to be ahead of Mosstown.
Ditto the reverse.

  It was a matter of keen interest to each
station every month to know how many way-
bills the other station had issued, how many
expense bills had been made, how much the
tonnage, and the total revenue.

  This feeling of live interest and rivalry
is not confined to Willowdale and Moss-
town. Everywhere, be it village, town, or
city, there grows up a rivalry with a par-
ticular near-by station of the same class.
OBSERVATIONS OF A COUNTRY STATION-AGENT.

611

  There is glory and exultation in the
freight office of Akron to surpass Canton.
There is rejoicing in the office of Kalamazoo
to learn they have outdone Battle Creek.
The old agent at Onward, with one saw-
mill and one general store, boasts with tri-
umph and some braggadocio that last month
he made eighteen way-bills, while his neigh-
bor station, McGrawsville, with a grain ele-
vator thrown in, only made thirteen.

  Thus it was with the excoriation of dog
pets on his lips Matt White, the freight-
house man of Mosstown, broke the seal of
the way-car that had stopped last at Wil-
lowdale, and opened the car-door.

  He was greeted with a plaintive whine
and a lusty bark. Then a white dog with a
black spot on his back, soiled by the dirt of
the car, made a bound for liberty and
jumped up to Matt with an effusive demon-
stration of gratitude and friendliness for
his liberation.

“ Git out! ” yelled Matt, aiming a kick.

The dog dodged, retreated a safe distance,
then began wiggling himself back with a
tentative caution.

Matt stooped for a piece of
coal and let fly the missile. The
dog tucked tail and light-
ning-streaked to the end
of the platform. Then he

1-NoaVAH Lw.

HE JUMPED UP TO MATT WITH AN EFFUSIVE DEMONSTRATION
OK GRATITUDE.

  It is always stimulating to be a little
ahead of some one else. All the glory of
the world is like the earth’s physical foun-
dations—one strata above another.

  In the freight office of Mosstown there
was but little concern about the weal or wo
of the commonwealth or the question of
dividends for the railroad company. The
only motive of inspiration was to be a better
station in rank than Willowdale. In this
strained relationship the two stations were
neighborly, but faultfinding and critical
with one another.

stopped, rested on his haunches, and barked
a few scattering volleys at Matt.

  Matt temporarily suspended hostilities
and turned his attention to the way-car.

  “That’s no way to treat a dog,” pro-
tested the express driver, letting out an en-
couraging call and whistle. “ When that
dog tried to say ‘ Thank you ’ in his dumb
way, you kicked him. Maybe he was in
there' by accident. Maybe some one was
shipping him here. Maybe he’s a piece of
freight. If he is, there is one check clerk
that ought to be fired.”
612

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

'IF I CAN’T FIND 'BARKO,' I FEAR SHE MAY LOSE HER MIND.

  The express driver sat down on a box
and whistled again. The dog started back
with circumspection and wariness, but as he
drew nearer he almost doubled himself in
manifestation of friendliness, and then
crawled in humble submissiveness to the feet
of the express driver.

  “ Hallo! ” exclaimed the driver. “ He’s
tagged. He’s marked to some one. Nice
way you have of handling freight shipped
to this station!”

  The express driver leaned over and took
the tag between his fingers.

  “Well, wouldn’t this jolt you!” he ex-
claimed. “ 1 To Matt White, Freight-House
Hustler, Mosstown, Kentucky.’ Matt White
getting a dog! Matt White, the animal-
hater, importing a spotted pup! What’s
his name, Matt?”

  Matt hurried out of the car and took a
look at the tag.

  “They ain’t any reason why any one
should send me a dog,” said Matt with a
puzzled expression on his face. “ But, all
the same, I know where that come from!
That’s some of Sam Horne’s work! He’s

            the freight-house man at Wil-
lowdale.

  “ He’s always doing some
low-down thing that will get
me in bad.' Whenever he’s
over anything he don’t know
what to do with, he sneaks it
into this way-car and lets it
come to Mosstown, and that
puts it up to me.

  “ I’ve handed him some
warm ones in the way-car that
runs out at his station, if any
one should ask you. Now,
here’s about that worthless cur
there. He’s been hanging
around the freight-house at
Willowdale, and Sam Horne
has just passed him along to
me. You can’t fool your Un-
cle Mathias. That dog goes in
the piano-box at the end of the
freight-house, and to-morrow
he goes in the way-car tagged
to Sam Home.”

  The dog submitted without
resistance, and was duly incar-
cerated.

  The next day Sam Horne, at
Willowdale, opened the way-
car the local had set out at the
house and met the joyous greet-
ings of a white dog with a black spot on his
back. He, too, administered a kick, but spy-
ing a tag on the dog, he called him back and
read: “Sam Horne, Freight-House Sop.
Willowdale, Kentucky.”

  “ What do you know about that! ” ex-
claimed Horne. “ Some one’s marked that
coyote to me. Come here, Rastus! I don’t
know for certain, but I think I know where
you come from. To-morrow you take a
special journey to Mosstown. I'll feed you
on choice cuts to-day, and all I ask of you
in return is to nab Matt White by the calf
of the leg when he opens the way-car to-
morrow. Nab him, Rastus!,s

  The dog bristled into a show of bellig-
erency, and for his understanding found
himself under a box in the freight-house
awaiting the next day’s way-car.

  Matt White opened the way-car at Moss-
town and was at once repaid by the cordial
and affectionate greetings of. “ Black Spot.”
“ Hey, cut it out! ” cried Matt sharply.
“To the piano-box with you! You don't
get any farther than Ellis Island. To-mor-
row you are going to be deported.”
OBSERVATIONS OF A COUNTRY STATION-AGENT.

613

  Matt White was puzzled. The dog would
go back to Sam Horne in the Willowdale
way-car next day, and there was no question
on that point. But he wanted to add some
sharp and sizzling words to the tag, and he
could think none that would adequately
carry his bitter emotions.

  Matt was no wit. Freight-house truck-
ing doesn’t develop the art of apt response
and the withering £ome-back. He called
the express driver to help him mark a tag
that would be suggestive, comprehensive,
and commensurate in conveying the dislike
—nay, the disgust; nay. the loathing—of
one Mathias White, freight-house man of
Mosstown, for one Samuel Horne, freight-
house man of Willowdale.

  The express driver favored a verse of
poetry written on the back.

  Matt was inclined to one rapier-thrust—
a single stiletto stab under the name of
Samuel Horne.

  But Pegasus, being the winged horse of
poesy and swifter than the dull fancy of a
freight-houfee trucker, won out.

  The express driver went into the problem

of meter, measure, and rime to express the
freight-house contumely, and Jjy the next
day had this on the back of the tag:

     When you pass away the preachers say:

     “ Dust to dust" we here inter.

      But. alive to-day, all we can say.

     In truth, of you, is: “Cur to cur."

  “ Cur to cur," explained the express
driver. “ That’s the rub of it. Means dog
to dog, you know. We send this dog to the
other dog! See the point ? ”

  Matt could hardly pick it out through
the verbal ambush, but stood for it, and
“Black Spot” was tagged to Sam Horne,
Willowdale, with “Over” printed con-
spicuously to direct attention to the lyric on
the reverse side.

  Immediately'on receipt of “ Black Spot,”
Sam Horne directed him to the prison-box.

  He read the insinuating verse, but failed
to catch the hidden thrust in its full signifi-
cance, and only understood that the cur.
Matt White, of Mosstown, had once more
returned the other cur, “ Black Spot,” to
Sam Horne, of Willowdale.
614

THE RAIl,ROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  On the following day “ Black Spot ”
cleared ‘again for Mosstown, bearing a tag
with Matt White’s address, coupled with
the pseudonym “ Rastus ” and the tart quo-
tation, “Two of a kind.”

  This was short and pointed, and its mean-
ing was not befogged by any literary
infusions.

  For a week “Black Spot,” alias “ Ras-
tus,” was whipsawed and seesawed and
shuttle-cocked back and forth between the
two towns, with resentment and anger aug-
menting day by day in the breasts of Matt
White, of Mosstown, and Sam Horne, of
Willowdale, until written words were no
longer potent to conduct the heat and the
gages showed personal violence pressure.

  Then the affair took a sudden and unex-
pected turn.

  The dog was due from Willowdale, but
the way-car had not yet arrived at Moss-
town when the express driver, who had all
along taken a live interest in the exchange,
drove up in haste to the freight-house door
and called out with some eagerness to Matt:
“Matt, come here! Want to show you
something. Where’s ‘ Black Spot ’?”

  “ He’s due from Willowdale most any
time now,” answered Matt, coming across
to the freight-house door.

  The express driver thrust a paper out to
Matt and pointed out a paragraph.

  “Read that!” he exclaimed. “That’s
this morning’s Leader.”

  Matt read aloud:

  Twenty-five dollars reward for the safe
  return of my white dog. He has a black spot
  on his back, and answers to the name of
  “ Barko.” He strayed or was stolen about ten
  days ago.	-

Ezra Phillips,

Willowdale, Kentucky.

  “ That’s ‘ Black Spot ’! ” urged the ex-
press driver. “ He commenced coming from
Willowdale about ten days ago. Nab him
this time, Matt, for keeps! It's our money!
We’ll go half and half on it! Hope that
freight-house man at Willowdale won't light
on that advertisement and beat us to it! ”

  “ That mutt can’t see anything,” answered
Matt assuringlv. “He don't get half his
freight out of the car. If he can’t read the
name of his own town on freight packages,
you wouldn’t expect him to light onto an
1 ad.’ like that, would you?”

  The agent came from the office to inter-
view Matt.

  “ Look here, Matt,” said he. “ The su-
perintendent complains that you are secret-
ing a dog in the way-car that sets out at
Willowdale. Saturday he ate a basket of
sausages. You understand that kind of
work must be cut out. If you do that again
you can cash in. You will settle for" the
sausage when the bill comes in, understand
that!”

  “ Willowdale commenced it,” urged Matt
with a sort of boyish doggedness.'

  “Well, it's up to you to put an end to
it,” directed the agent, returning to the
office.

  “ We'll deduct for this sausage before we
divide the reward,” said Matt to the express
driver.

  The local was very late and the eagerly
expected way-car did not come in.

  On the afternoon passenger from Willow-
dale a slight, somewhat bent, middle-aged
man got off and made his way over to the
freight-house. He did not stop at the office.
He cast furtive glances about him, but spy-
ing nothing, called “Barko! Barko!” a
number of times.

  “What is it?” asked Matt White.

  The man sat down on a box in evident
disappointment.

  “ I am looking for a dog,” said he. “ A
white dog with a black spot on his back.
He’s been missing about ten days. I was
informed yesterday that a dog answering
this description had been shipped up here
in a freight-car. Can you tell me anything
about him? Do you know where he can
be found? ”

  “ I seen in the paper this morning,” said
Matt diplomatically, “ that a white dog had
been lost, and had a black spot on his back.
Let’s see. Seems to me there was a reward.
If I recollect right, it was five—no, twenty-
five—dollars.”

  “No doubt that was my ‘ad.' I have
offered that,” said the man slowly, “for his
safe return. I will explain it. We had a
little boy at our house—little Jimmie. He
was a cripple. He could not run and romp
with other boys. When he was three years
old we bought him a pup, a little, affection-
ate fellow, and he stayed and played with
Jimmie and never deserted him a minute.

  "No child ever had a' more constant
devotion for an animal pet than Jimmie had
for that dog. He filled the long, dull hours
with frolics.

  “ At last Jimmie could play no more. He
lay in bed for weeks, drawn and shriveled,
OBSERVATIONS OF A COUNTRY STATION-AGENT.	615

and all the time 1 Barko ’ lay by him. Every
sound of the little fellow’s voice‘brought an
affectionate greeting from ‘ Barko,’ a show
of friendship or A token of devotion. Jimmie
knew he could not get well, and his great
regret was parting from ‘ Barko.’ Over and
over he made his mother promise to take

but I'll take care of him. Will you wait
here this afternoon? You see, it’s this way.
He'll come in our local freight. He's been
riding the way-cars.”

  “ I must return on the next train—that’s
in a half hour,” replied the man. “ But if
you will get him and take care of him and

"BLACK SPOT” ALIAS “RASTUS” ALIAS "BARKO" APPEARED.

care of ‘ Barko ’—to always keep him .with
her and let no harm befall him.

  “Maybe you can't understand it. Jim-
mie died, and it’s a sacred trust with us.
Mother doesn’t sleep day or night. If I
can’t find ‘ Barko,’ I fear she may lose her
mind. I am a poor man—”

  There was a touch of huskiness in his
voice. He took a handkerchief from his
pocket and wiped his eyes.

  “ I am a poor man, but I will pay twenty-
five dollars for the dog’s return—because we
promised Jimmie—”

   “ I’ll accept the offer,” said Matt, missing
the pathetic feature and fixing his mind on.
the reward. “ I don’t know just what time
I can find the dog. It may be pretty late,

 let me know, I will come after him early in
 the morning.”

   This was eagerly agreed to by Matt.
 The man returned to his home.

   A short time before the local arrived,
 Matt received this message from Willow-
 dale:

    Return dog by baggage-master No. 3 this
 evening. Owner is here waiting.

                           Sam Horne.

 Matt White responded briefly:

    Dog will not be returned. Will deliver him
 to owner himself.

 “ Huh ! ” chuckled Matt. “ That guy has
 just woke up! He’s never found out until
616

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

after ‘ Barko ’ lifted anchor this afternoon
from his station that there was a reward,
then he yelps for him back—quick! When
he finds out I "it that twenty-five-dollar re-
ward, when he had such a good chance at it,
he’ll probably jump on the track in front
of the limited.”

  It was quite late when the local got in.
Matt opened the door with extreme caution.

  “ Black Spot ” alias “ Rastus ” alias
“ Barko ” appeared to be within, but he was
not in an amiable frame of mind. When
the car-door was opened the width of a hand
he snarled and bolted for liberty.

  Matt grabbed him none too gently, and
the supposed “ Barko ” at once Shylocked
about a pound of Matt’s calf. Matt held
on, choked him loose, and threw him into
the piano-box like he would a rat.

  “I won’t have that ugly whelp around a
minute, if he is a pet,” said Matt to the
driver. “He goes back on No. 3, by ex-
press, C.O.D. twenty-five dollars!"

  Matt juggled him into a box, nailed him
up securely, and marked him to “ Ezra
Phillips, Willowdale,” and was forthwith
assessed one dollar by the express company,
which takes no chances on a dog.

  Matt rubbed on a little arnica, and
chuckled at being able to wind up the dog
incident twenty-five dollars to the good, and
in triumphantly putting over such a neat
one on Sam Horne.

  The next day Matt was stunned, by a
note from Mr. Phillips, which read:

    The dog you expressed is not “ Barko.”
  He was returned to me yesterday evening
  by Mr. Sam Horne, of the local freight-house.
  You should have consulted me, as I requested,
  and saved this misunderstanding. Dog is held
  by express •company subject to your orders.

 Matt was dazed: Sam Horne had re-
turned “Barko” to the owner and raked in
the reward! And Sam Horne, the low-
lived, treacherous wretch, on the last ex-
change had rung in a stray and vicious cur
resembling “ Barko ” just to fool the honest
Mathias White, and had' sent the fake tele-
gram to whet Matt’s cupidity!

  There was the rattle of the express
driver’s wagon and the call of his voice at
the freight-house door.

  “ Hey, Matt, here’s your dog! Where do
you want him?”

  “ Git out! ” yelled Matt furiously. “ I
don’t want him! ”

  “No you don’t!” responded the driver.
“ He’s your’n. You shipped him, and he's
back to you! ”

  He dragged the box inside and drove
away. The dog let out an ominous growl.

  Matt White, animal hater, was the owner
of a pet.

MATT WHITE, THE ANIMAL HATER,
WAS THE OWNER OF A PET.

LV«0.

AND WHAT DID THE CON SAY?

ONE of Michigan’s railroad companies de-
cided to establish a freight and ticket
office at a small flag station in the southern part
of the State, and the grocery keeper of this hamlet
was commissioned as agent. The honor thus con-
ferred 011 Mr. Storekeeper, whose knowledge of
railroading was very limited, somewhat razzle-
dazzled him and led to the following incident:
The first morning after he had donned the
“ regulation suit ” he awoke about five o'clock
and, hearing the “limited” whistle in the dis-
tance, hurriedly slid into his trousers, and with-

out stopping to finish dressing, dashed down the
stairs, flag in hand, ran out upon the platform, and
began wildly waving the flag across the track.
The train stopped, the conductor alighted, and
seeing no one but the agent, turned to him with
the inquiry: "Where’s your passengers?”

 “ Haven't any,” replied the agent, as he made
another grab at his trousers.

 “ Then why in thunder did you stop us? "

 “ W-well, I—I—thought perhaps there might
be some one who would want to get off here.”—
Detroit Free Press.
 THE THOUSAND-MILE TICKET

BY DAN DUANE.

Author of “In the Hornet’s Nest.”

               Fate Brings Together Fulward and the Per-
               son Who Seems To Be an A1 Accomplice.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

OXENHAM FULWARD, assistant cashier of the Snowball Trust Company, had been robbing
that concern systematically for five years. His peculations reached an amount of over one
hundred thousand dollars. At the opening of the story, he is in sore straits as to how this
money is to be paid back without detection. J. Erasmus Low, multimillionaire, owes his wealth
to the Thousand-Mile Ticket, on the back of which had been written a will which gave him the
nucleus of his fortune, willed by a man whose life he had formerly saved. Low prized this Thou-
sand-Mile Ticket above all his other possessions, and Fulward, knowing this, decides lo steal it,
hoping the reward offered will cover his losses. While standing in front of the Low home, trying to
decide how the theft is to be consummated, he is surprised to sec an expensively dressed young girl
coming out of the servants' entrance. He is attracted to her and follows her up-town, but loses her
in the crowd. A few nights later upon entering his own rooms he surprises some one ransacking
the apartment, and quickly turning up the lights, discovers the young girL

CHAPTER V.
The Charming Intruder.

(LUTCHING wildly at her
 throat, her face mirroring every
 phase of grief-stricken horror,
 her body trembling, and the
 great tears forcing through
 her eyes, the young woman
 was the picture of a hunted fawn run to bay.

  Fulward stood and looked at her. He
was so dumfounded that he could not find
words. The situation in which he suddenly
found himself—in his own apartment at an
ungodly hour of the morning with a young
girl, and a very pretty young girl at that,
who s.eemed intent on robbery — had un-
strung him.

  Fulward eyed her as she knelt on the
floor with her clenched hands and her tears
coming faster and faster. She was so daint-
ily molded; her form was so very chic; her
face was so dainty and her hands so small—
in fact, she seemed so very ladylike that the
man wondered what strange kink in her
brain had driven her to such straits.

  She seemed to be trying to speak. Her lips
quivered painfully, but uttered no sound.
She wanted to say something to him, but
couldn't

  “No doubt she is a thief,” said Fulward
to himself—“and I am a thief, too! What
a fortunate meeting! She is just the one
person of all the inhabitants of this big city
for whom I am looking. Thank the fates
for this boon! ”

  Perhaps she noted the friendliness that
his facial changes exhibited, for she man-
aged to say in a voice that was broken with
tears and almost incomprehensible:

  “ Oh—please, sir! Oh—”

  If she said anything else, it was lost in
sobs. She buried her face in her hands and
cried as if her heart were breaking.

  Fulward, who had stood as resolute as an
oracle, stepped across the room. When he
w'as beside the girl, he leaned over, put his
hand gently on her shoulder, and said:

  “ I am not going to hurt you, miss. Get
up. Sit in that easy chair by the table and
tell me all about it.”

  He partly lifted her throbbing body from
the floor and tenderly placed her in a chair.

Began in the April Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies, I0 cents.

617
618

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

His manner was sufficiently kind to insure
her that his words were honestly uttered—
that, instead of calling the police, he would
treat her as a guest.

  He extinguished some of the lights so
that the glare would not hurt her eyes. He
drew the blinds down and placed a chair
quite close to the big one, in which she was
huddled like a punished child.

  She still sobbed violently. Fulward knew
sufficient about women not to ask one to
break off her flow of tears too suddenly, so
he let the girl sob on while he carefully se-
lected a well-seasoned meerschaum, which
he filled with his private mixture. Then he
sat beside her, and blew three or four inha-
lations of the fragrant smoke to the ceiling
before he noticed a cessation in her throb-
bing body.

  It wasn’t just time to speak. He waited
a little longer—and smoked.

  Up to that moment both of her small
hands had been used to hold to her eyes the
tiny bit of lace and linen that she would
have called a handkerchief. One finally
dropped in her lap. Fulward looked at it,
and then he turned and looked at the rather
large jimmy and the hammer with a sawed-
off handle with which she had tried to pry
open the walnut locker in which he kept his
liquors.

  They were lying on the floor, mute evi-
dence of the fair one’s guilt. Beside them
rested a long bull’s-eye lantern—the new-
fangled electric kind, not the old-time brown
headlight of song and story.

  Fulward looked at these — er — “bur-
glar’s tools.” He didn’t much like to give
them so terrible a name, for surely the little
thing nestling in the big chair beside him
could not be a burglar.

  He looked at them, and then he looked at
the small, trembling hand of the girl, and
wondered at its strength to ply so formida-
ble an instrument of crime.

  It couldn’t be possible. And yet he had
seen her with his own eyes and heard her
with his own ears breaking into his locker.
She!—the very girl who had left the Low
mansion so mysteriously and who had at-
tracted his attention so strangely.

  There could be 110 mistaking those two
very important points in her disfavor.

  Fulward leaned over and laid his hand
on hers. It was an act of friendship. He
wanted her to understand that he meant her
110 harm; but she drew away as if he had
touched her with a red-hot poker.

  “ I won’t hurt you,” said Fulward, laugh-
ing a pleasant little laugh and tempering
his voice with gentleness. “ I won’t hurt
you. Perhaps I may be so bold as to say
now that I may prove the very best friend
in all the world. Come. Don’t carry on
that way. Dry your eyes and teli me all
about it.”

  She almost interrupted him.

  “You won’t send for the police! You
won’t — will you?” she cried, extending
both her hands.

  “No. I sha’n’t send for the police,” re-
plied Fulward with the same gentleness and
compassion in his voice. “ Why, I couldn’t
have the heart to turn a little girl like you
over to the police. It would be—it would
be—” Fulward was at a loss for a word,
so he went on: “ And, besides, you haven’t
taken anything that I can see. If you had
succeeded in opening that—that wine vault
over there, I don’t know what you would
have done with its contents.

  “ There is some rare old vintage' wine in
there, and a pretty good burgundy; but I
don’t know what a little girl like you would
do with them. You’d be a funny sight run-
ning down the street with a bottle of cham-
pagne under each arm and the cops chasing
you — at this time of the morning — now,
wouldn’t you ? ”

  If the girl saw any humor in the picture,
she didn't convey it to Oxenham Fulward.

  “ Now,” he went on, “ I want you to tell
me all about this—this midnight raid—who
you are and why you should have picked out
my rooms as a place to plunder.”

  She drew herself closer into the big chair
and looked at him with eyes of wondennent.
If he were really friendly, as he claimed,
she wanted to be quite sure of it; so she
studied him most minutely to detect some
little curve in his face and manner that
would prove otherwise.

  Fulward refilled his pipe and looked at
the girl, as if by vibration he could transmit
the thoughts that were uppermost in his
mind much more potently than by spoken
words.

  She was looking at him strangely. Her
eyes seemed to penetrate his mind and body.
The tears in them were drying. Her lips
were set and immobile. He wanted her to
speak.

  In order that she might have further in-
dication that he wanted her to be entirely at
her ease, he arose, strolled easily across the
room, and removed his coat. He reached
THE THOUSAND-MILE TICKET.

619

 into the dresser and took out a comfortable
 smoking-jacket, which he donned with ease
 and satisfaction. His shoes he also removed
 and laid side by side in their accustomed
 corner, and as he slipped his feet into his
 comfortable slippers he glanced over his
 shoulder to detect her observations.

   She had watched him as a cat might watch
 a mouse. She had followed every little
 movement that he made with the keenest in-
 tensity, and when he returned to the chair
 he had placed beside her she was almost
 certain that he was not a detective.

   She hadn’t quite been able to make up
 her mind on that point. At first, he seemed
 so very plausible and nice; he had talked
 with so much charm that her doubts had
 been aroused; but when he slid across the
 room for his house garments she felt pretty
 certain that he would not have taken to
 another man's wearing apparel so deftly if
 he had been a detective. Still she was not
 sure.

   Fulward dropped into his chair again,
 and again the fragrance of his pipe floated
 over their heads.

    “ Come, little girl,” he said, “ I want you
 to tell me who you are. I promise you that
 I mean you no harm. As I have already
 told you, I may prove the very best friend
 you ever knew. Can’t you trust me ? ”

   The girl looked at him with a most sus-
 picious glance, and asked:

   “ Are you Mr. Fulward ? ”

    “ Yes,” replied the banker.

   “ Are you sure,” she went on, “ are you
 sure that you’re not a detective?”

   “A detective!” Oxenham Fulward ut-
 tered a convincing hearty laugh. “ Perhaps
 you would like some proof. Here is my
 card,” and he opened his pocketbook and
 handed her an engraved calling-card bear-
 ing his name. “ If that does not suffice,”
 he went on, “here is my crest on my ring,
 with my initials under it,” and he thrust his
 left forefinger under her eyes.

She took his hand in both of hers and
eyed the crest and the initials beneath
strangely — and Fulward was not uncon-
’scious of the tender touch and softness of
those little hands.

   What a dear little burglar! he thought.
 The girl did not seem to be greatly im-
 pressed by the ring, judging from the man-
 ner in which she eyed it. Fulward noticed
 this; and then he noticed also that she picked
 up his card and looked at it again, and
 seemed to want some further proof.

  Taking a bundle of personal letters from
the inside pocket of his coat, he threw them
in her lap—but even a detective might bor-
row another man’s calling-cards and letters
in order to hide his identity.

  “ You still disbelieve me? ” said Fulward.

    Yes—and no,” the girl replied.

  “Make it no,” he said. “I am Oxen-
ham Fulward. If you don’t believe it, you
may call up the office of this apartment-
house and have them send up a clerk to
identify me. Owing to the lateness of the
hour, I am sure that you would not like
that.”

  “No! No!” cried the girl. “Don’t do
that!”

  “Well,” Fulward went on, having found
a weak spot, “if you don’t believe me, I
shall call up a clerk on my own account
and prove it against your wishes. Perhaps
j-ou wouldn’t like that, either.”

  The girl shook her head.

  “We can't waste time here all night,”
Fulward continued, “ and I must get you out
of here — before daylight. And I don’t
propose to let you go until you tell me all
about yourself.”

  Fulward drew his chair closer to hers that
no syllables might be lost in the cross-ex-
amination that he was about to undertake.

  Here, right under his very eyes, as if
hurled in his lap by the god Luck, was the
very person he needed in all the world to be
a party to his crime.

CHAPTER VI.
Getting Down to Facts.

“YV/TIAT is your name?” was the first
question asked by the banker.
“Minnie,” she replied, almost inaudibly;
then in a clearer voice, after a pause, she
gave it in full, “Minnie Payne.”

  “Minnie Payne,” repeated Fulward;
“and how old are you, my girl?”

  Minnie did not hesitate to reply. She
was going on twenty-one, she thought, but
she wasn’t sure.

  “ Didn’t your father and mother ever tell
you the date of your birth?” asked Ful-
ward.

   “ I ain’t had no parents,” replied the girl.
Fulward saw at a glance one of the hun-
dreds of beautiful girls of the great city of
New York who, like Minnie Payne, are
orphans, who become the prey of the mas-
ters of the underworld and are taught to
620

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

steal. Tlieir beauty is their best asset. In
nine cases out of ten, when one is caught,
she usually gets off with a reprimand.
Through her willing tears she can promise
so smoothly not to do it again.

  Minnie Payne was undoubtedly one of
these girls. Her absolute disregard for the
English language proved to Fulward that
she had grown up without an education.
The more she replied to his questions, the
more he was convinced that she was hope-
lessly a criminal by instinct; but there was
no telling what might have come to her had
she been given a chance to improve her mind.

  That she looked younger than the twenty
and one years to which she laid claim, Ful-
ward was also convinced.

   “ Do you do this for a living—this steal-
ing'? ” asked Fulward.

  “ Yes,” she answered.

   “ What do you do it for ? ”

  “My uncle makes me.”

  Fulward looked aghast.

  “ Your uncle! ” he repeated. “ You don’t
mean to tell me that you deliberately do this
work for a man. Does he pay you ? ”

  “ He gives me my home and clothes—
ain’t that plenty?” she asked in return.

  “ Have you ever been to school ? ” was
Fulward’s next question.

  “ I went onct,” said Minnie, “ an’ when
I gets home I tells my uncle that the teacher
carried her money in her purse an’ that I
seen it. He told me not to come home nex’
day without it—an’ I didn’t,” Minnie added
as a sly humor played in her face.

  “ And you didn’t go back to school,
either?” said Fulward.

  “You can bet I didn’t,” Minnie contin-
ued. “ Uncle an’ me went an’ hid.”

  “Tell me about this uncle,” said Ful-
ward. “Who is he? Where is he? What
is he?”

  “You sure ain’t goin’ to tell no one?”
asked Minnie appealingly.

  “ On my honor, little girl,” Fulward re-
plied as he raised his hand to establish an
oath.

   “ All I know,” Minnie said in telling the
story of her life, “ is that I was taken by
this man some years ago when I was a little
girl. He came to the asylum and got me and
took me to his house. He told me that he
was my uncle. He was very kind and
bought me cake and candy on the way home.
When we got to his house,” and Minnie
mentioned a certain number in that part of
New York not far from Hell’s Kitchen,

“there were three other girls there and his
wife, and she was very kind co me.”

  “Do you live there now?” asked Ful-
ward.

  “ Yes,” replied Minnie,. “ in the very'
same place.”

  “ And this uncle is the man who taught
you how to break into these rooms?” ques-
tioned the banker with a sweep of his hands.

  “Not uncle, exactly,” Minnie continued,
“but the girls. They taught me how to
steal vegetables and meat from the stores in
the neighborhood, and then they taught me
how to get away with purses in a crowd.
I like that best. It is very easy, specially
with women, when the streets are crowded
and there is a parade or something going
on. Why, I have gone home with ten purses
on an election night,” and the girl's eyes
fairly beamed with satisfaction, “ and I
would have taken more—only there was no
way to carry them.”

  “Umph!” exclaimed Fulward with a
smile, “you ought to be in Wall Street.”
“Not for mine,” replied Minnie. “I
never could get anything out of that dis-
trict. It's women for mine—and nice homes
after dark.”

   “ I should gather that you are rather pro-
ficient in your—profession?” Fulward ad-
vanced.

  The girl caught the meaning.

   “ Yes,” sh^ answered, “ uncle says that I
can beat the rest of the girls put together.”

  “ You will pardon me for asking you one
or two rather pointed questions,” Fulward
said.

  “ Ask what you like,” said the girl. “ I
guess I’ve told you more now than is good
for me.”

  “Don’t say that,” Fulward answered re-
assuringly. “What you have told me has
deeply interested me, and it will be of the
greatest help to me in what I am planning
for your future. What I want to ask you
particularly is this: Were you ever appre-
hended ? ”

  “ Do you mean did the cops ever get me?”
  “ Yes.”

  “ Once,” said the girl. “ I dipped for a
woman’s purse coming out of a matinee.
She was too quick and grabbed my arm. I
looked surprised and began to cry, and she
held onto me until a cop came up. I swore
that she was a liar, but the cop took me in.
The next morning the judge released me,
because the woman didn't show up against
me. That’s another good reason for tack-
THE THOUSAND-MILE TICKET.

621

ling women, they hardly ever come-back at
you. Men always want to prosecute.”

  “Was that the only time?” asked Ful-
ward decidedly.

  “That’s the only time,” she assured him.
“unless you hand me over to-night. I’m
pretty careful, because that is the only thing
I dread. It would kill me to go to jail.”
Behind the girl’s words was real sin-
cerity, something which indicated that she
was not a born criminal. Somewhere in her
make-up there was a strain of good blood.

  “Now, Minnie,” and Fulward turned on
the tap of his extremest sweetness, “ do tell
me why you picked me out as a victim ? ”
“Uncle told me that you were rich.”
Fulward was filled with glee.

  He laughed outright, and slowly the rip-
ples faded into a very serious countenance.
For a few moments he had nothing to say.
He was facing for a brief space of time his
greatest accuser—his own conscience. In-
sanely, he thought that this girl's uncle, who-
ever he might or might not be, had some
cognizance of his stealings at the bank and
had sent her to find some of the loot—just
as if he kept it hidden in a wine-locker.

  Then the ludicrous side of the idea
brought him to his senses.

  “ And what did you expect to find in that
locker? ” he asked.

  “ Oh, I have found jewelry and money
in queer places,” she went on. “ Before you
came in I looked around the room, and I
didn’t find—much. I came to the conclu-
sion that there might be something hidden
in that place. I started to open it when you
came in.”

  “You didn’t find much?” asked the man
in a quizzical tone.

  “ Only these,” and the girl produced from
a fold in her skirt a diamond scarf-pin and
a pair of cuff-links of heavy gold, with a
huge ruby burnishing each center.

  She handed them to Fulward. He took
his property and eyed it as if he had never
seen it before, then carelessly threw it on
the table beside him.

  “ Minnie,” he asked further, “ there are
only a few more things that I want to know.
How did you get in here? ”

  The girl pointed to an open window in
the sleeping-room.

  “ Came up the fire-escape, eh ? ”

  “ That’s right,” she answered, “ and I got
on the fire-escape from the roof of the build-
ing next door; and I got onto that roof by
going up in the elevator just before dark*

and waiting in the hallway of the top floor
for hours—until I was ready to make my—
play.”

  “I’oor little girl,” said Fulward, “you
don't have it easy, do you?”

  “Not always,” she said, “but I expected
that the trouble of coming here would be
worth while.”

  “It will—believe me!” Fulward assured
her with some emphasis. “ I want you to
put your trust in me, Minnie. I have a
little scheme to unfold to you later on; and
if you will do as I say, you won’t have to
undertake any of these queer midnight
journeys again.”

  He held out his hand and she clasped it,
and seemed to be much happier than she had
ever been in all her life. Just why, she did
not know. It wasn’t prompted by a feeling
of reform, either.

  Fulward was not at the end of his quiz-
zing, however. The one particular bit of
knowledge for which his brain was tingling
he was now to seek. If Minnie Payne an-
swered the next question to his satisfac-
tion, he would immediately endeavor to
form a partnership with her—a partnership
which would have as its basis the getting of
the Thousand - Mile Ticket owned by J.
Erasmus Low.

  Fulward leaned back in his chair, picked
up his diamond pin, looked at it, and threw
it down as if it were valueless; he did like-
wise with the ruby cuff-links; he crossed his
legs; he stuck his thumbs in his armpits,
and then he put the question with slow
enunciation, that Minnie might not lose
any of its import:

  “ I saw you coming out of the Low man-
sion on Fifth Avenue the other night. What
were you doing there ? ”

  Minnie Payne hesitated for a moment.
She seemed disinclined to answer. A little
blush appeared and disappeared on her
cheeks, and then she admitted that she was
a friend of the second butler of the million-
aire’s establishment, and had called that
evening to have a little chat with him.
Fulward didn’t quite care to believe this.
He remembered that Minnie had left the
place rather peculiarly, and that she had
walked from Fifth Avenue and returned
toward that thoroughfare when she saw a
man ahead of her. He brought all of this
to her notice; but she quickly waved it aside
as nonsense, and proved to Fulward that his
own warped mind was responsible for such
suspicions.
622

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ I walked away from Fifth Avenue be-
cause I was not sure of my direction. The
man who approached me did not frighten
me in the least. You were standing on the
corner. If I had been frightened by him,
why wouldn’t I have been frightened by
you ? ”

  Fulward saw the force of this logic.

  “ I stood on the corner and waited for the
bus, didn’t I ? ” she asked. “ And you stood
almost beside me—and stared straight at
me! And when you got into the bus the
same time that I did, I thought that you only
wanted to flirt. But I don’t flirt, Mr. Ful-
ward. Whatever my life may be, I don’t
trifle.”

  “ You say that you know the second
butler ? ”

  “ He is a friend of mine.”

  “A very intimate friend?”

  “ He was a boy in the orphan asylum
when I was there. I met him several years
ago on Broadway, and he told me how he
had acquired an English accent and had be-
come a butler. He took me to the theater
several times—and I only called on him
that night.

  “I rather like him,” Minnie confessed,
and added that in her dull, prosaic life the
little friendship that he held out to her was
one of its few bright spots.

  That night she had called on him, she
told Fulward after he had closely ques-
tioned her, because she had not heard from
him for some time and feared that another
woman might have taken her place in his
heart.

  It was just a touch of feminine jealousy—
that was all—and it comes to the poor pariah
of the streets just as it comes to the lady
who is blessed with the luxuries of life
and counts her lovers among the men to
whom second butlers are the under-crust of
creation.

  No, it was only a little satisfaction for
this unfortunate girl to know that her Char-
lie had been faithful to her, and that his
silence was not caused by his attentions to
another woman. She had gone to him as her
duty seemed to dictate. She had talked to'
him that night only a few minutes, because
he was very busy at the time; she made an
appointment for the following week and de-
parted; and if Mr. Fulward noticed any-
thing peculiar in her actions, it was his own
actions that aroused suspicion, not hers.

  Fulward listened to her story, and then he
apologized profusely—most profusely.

  “ Oh, don’t! ” said Minnie. “After find-
ing me here as you did to-night, it is only
natural that you should think that my visit
to the Low house was not honest.”

  “ Did you ever think of it as a place to—
to break into?” Fulward was surprised at
the ease with which he said the last three
words.

  “ I know it’s full of stuff, but there’s
enough cops hoverin’ around there to stock
a hen-coop,” said Minnie. “ Oh, don’t
think that uncle hasn't had it on his list;
but he’s afraid to tackle the place. It has
a bad name among—among—”

  “ Say it, Minnie. Go ahead. Don't mind
me.” Fulward spoke with easy assurance.

  “Thieves,” said Minnie, and she turned
her head away. To tell the truth, she didn't
like the word.

  “ Did you ever hear of the Thousand-Mile
Ticket?” asked Fulward.

  “The Thousand-Mile Ticket!” It was
like introducing the girl to an old friend.

  “Why, uncle talks about it night and
day. He says that if we could get our hands
on it, we would be on Easy Street the rest
of our lives.”

  “ Has he ever made an attempt to get it—
or to have you get it? ”

  “No,” answered the girl. “We have
talked it over many times, but we have al-
ways been afraid to tackle the job.”

  “ Does your ‘ uncle ’ know that you are
acquainted with the second butler?”

  For the first time, Minnie seemed to show
a spirit of resentment. She drew away from
Fulward as she remarked:

  “Say, what are you asking me that for?
What do you want to know so much about
me for ? ”

  “Minnie^ said Fulward quietly, “I have
a reason for asking you these questions.
You shall know in a very few minutes.
Only answer this one, and then I will take
you into my confidence. Does your ‘ uncle ’
know? ”

  “No,” the girl replied, returning to her
former attitude. “ I didn’t dare tell him.
I was afraid that he might want me to use
Charlie.”

CHAPTER VII.

The Second Butler.

  ULWARD emitted a long “ m-m-m-m,”
and resolved himself into a committee
of the whole for a few minutes.
THE THOUSAND-MILE TICKET.

623

  Although Minnie had protected the ple-
beian Charlie from the man who held her in
thrall and made her steal for him for her
living, there might come a time when Min-
nie would be obliged to call Charlie into the
Fulward service.

  At the moment, however, it was a matter
of secondary importance. Fulward turned
his thoughts to his own case.

  Just how to tell the girl why he wanted
her to come into his friendship, his confi-
dence, and his employ was puzzling him
somewhat.

  He thought it best to blurt it out in a
heap; then he thought it best to parley with
her and learn just what she would agree to
do; then he decided to let the matter rest for
the present, and ask Minnie to call on him
in the morning when he would unfold his
plans, to her.

  His thoughts were finally interrupted by
the girl who spoke.

  “What are you going to do with me?”
she asked, her voice faltering somewhat. “ I
have told you the truth about myself, and
you said that you would be my friend/’

  “ I mean to keep my word, Minnie; but it
is difficult for me to get started—to tell you
in the right way, I mean. When you hear
my story, you will be—dumfounded. Let
me think a few minutes longer.”

  “ I'm very hungry—and thirsty,” said the
girl.

  “Why didn’t you say so before?” put in
Fulward quickly. “ That part of it is easily
remedied.”

  He went to the telephone and called the
office. In nearly all well - conducted New
York bachelor apartments the kitchen is
kept open all night, and Fulward’s place
boasted its little accommodations of that sort.

  “Let’s see, what would be nice at this
hour? ” he said, turning to her; but Minnie,
be it known, was not a particular being
when it came to food, and shook her pretty
head. Turning to the telephone, Fulward
gave the order for some oysters on the half-
shell, lamb chops with browned potatoes, a
salad of hearts of lettuce, and an omelet and
coffee.

  “ That order is for two,” he shouted into
the telephone and hung up the receiver.

  “ I think that will make a very nice sup-
per—for two,” he said. “ We can open a
bottle of that rare vintage I caught you pil-
fering to-night, if you like.”

  He patted her head to assure her that he
did not mean to hurt her feelings.

  “ Please don’t,” said Minnie, looking up
at him with the eyes of an injured animal.
“I'd give anything in this world to lead an
honest life—and, besides, I don’t^drink.”

  Here was a queer combination, indeed;
but the girl’s desire for a better life, and the
fact that she was not given to drink, did not
soften the heart of the man.

  If he had hunted the world over, he
thought again, he could not have found a
more satisfactory person for the theft that
he was planning. It all fitted in so. well.
Everything seemed to shape itself so per-
fectly—and there was Charlie, the second
butler!

  Fulward cleared the little center-table of
its paraphernalia and books, and turned it
so that it stood squarely between them. He
placed his own chair, and then went around
to Minnie; and twisted the great armchair
from which she hadn’t moved, so that it
faced the table.

  Then he went to the sofa, carried back an
armful of pillows, and propped them be-
hind her so that she could eat more com-
fortably. As he administered the last pat
to the last pillow, he leaned over the girl and
put his arm around her shoulders.

  She drew back with a timidity that star-
tled him. Her natural thought was that he
intended to insult her in some way. She
felt like the sparrow that finds itself in the
claws of the cat. But Fulward was not a
man to trifle with such as Minnie Payne.

  This was a matter of business. It was
business for him to be kind to her; it was
business for him to assure her of his confi-
dence, and it was business for him to show
her that he liked her and wanted to trust her.

  The next words that he uttered made her
shudder still more. Ever since she had been
discovered by Fulward, Minnie wondered
what he intended to do with her. The out-
come of the night and the plausibility and
kindness of the man had taken more shapes
in her not too well-developed mind to enable
her to settle on any one as a possibility.
Fulward had decided on his plan. There
was no time like the present.

  “Minnie,” he said, bending still closer,
“ I am in great trouble, and I want you to
help me. Like voy, little girl, I am a
thief—”

  She drew away from him in horror.

  He stood erect, and stepped a few feet
from her chair. Holding his arms wide as
an orator would while making an impas-
sioned peroration, he continued:
624

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ What I tell you is true. I am no better
than you. In fact, I am a more pitiable
object, for my stealing has been premedi-
tated — it could have been avoided. You
were forced to it, for you became the tool of
a desperate man, who uses you because you
are young and pretty. If you had grown
up in better surroundings, and had known
a father and mother, you would have a dif-
ferent story to tell. I am confident on that
point.

  “ Minnie," he went on, as he returned to
the table and took his chair opposite her,
“lean over; I want you to understand me
perfectly.”

  She moved her body so that she could
place her arms on the table.

  “You and I are both thieves, Minnie;
we understand each other on that score.”
She nodded.

  “ Do you really know me—do you know
just who I am ? ”

  “You are Mr. Oxenham Fulward,” she
replied. “ You belong to a trust company.”
“ You have heard of me ,many times
before ? ”

  “We have had you spotted for a long
time,” said the girl.

  “ You thought I was a rich man? ”

  “ Yes.”

  The customary idea of the general public
regarding gentlemen connected with trust
companies, thought Fulward.

  “ Well, I'm a poor man — a very poor
man,” said Fulward. “ I need a great deal
of money, and I need it at once—and I am
going to employ you—”

  The waiter bearing the supper knocked at
the door.

  “ You can go in that room if you do not
want to see him,” said Fulward, pointing,
“but it is not unusual to give late suppers
here, and the waiters know their business.”
Minnie shrugged her shoulders as if it
mattered nothing to her.

  “Come in!” called Fulward.

  The waiter entered, and with the silent
activity of his kind proceeded to set the sup-
per. While he was spreading the snowy
cloth and placing the dishes of food where
they would be in easy reach of Fulward, not
a word was said. The waiter seemed to be
particular in having everything just so, as
careful waiters will, and Fulward became
impatient at his persistent attention. When
he finally handed Minnie a serviette and
stood at attention, the banker sharply said,
“ I'll serve,” and the waiter retreated.

  The supper was hot and inviting, and
Minnie ate as she had seldom eaten before.
Fulward noticed how famished she seemed,
and spoke of it in a kindly tone.

  “ I haven't had anything to eat since yes-
terday,'’ said the girl. “ I caift eat much
when I am on one of these affairs. I had to
come here yesterday and look over my
ground and study how to get in, and,” she
went on, “what is more important, how to
get out.”

  Fulward helped her to another chop.
“What is this great scheme of yours?
What do you want me to do—rob a bank? ”
she asked with a twinkle.

  Fulward rested his arm on the table and
looked steadfastly at the girl.

  “Minnie,” he said, “you eat and I will
talk. But listen carefully, for I am going
to make you a proposition that will mean
much to you. Before we go any further I
want your sacred promise that if we should
disagree, and you should decline my offer,
you will never speak of this visit or what I
shall tell you to any one. In return, I shall
keep sacred all that I know about you.”

  “ I agree,” said Minnie between bites as
she held out her hand. Fulward shook it
warmly. Then he proceeded:

  “ Minnie, I want to get the Thousand-
Mile Ticket in my possession, and I want
you to help me.”

  Minnie looked up from her supper as
much as to say that’s about the most impos-
sible thing in all the world; but she waited
to hear the rest of Fulward’s proposition.

  “ I am short in my accounts at the com-
pany’s office. I need money, and I need it
quickly. I am certain that the easiest and
quickest way in which to secure cash is to
get hold of the Thousand-Mile Ticket.

  “Now, I want you to help me solve that
part of the problem. If you care to work
with me and for me from this moment, you
will have everything you may want to keep
you comfortable until I get that document
in my possession. When I do I will give
you five thousand dollars in cash—and in
the kind of cash that will be easy to handle.

  “ I want you to meet me here to-morrow
evening and make the final arrangements.
We will then go into the details, and find
out the best way to operate. What princi-
pally interests me at this moment is whether
or not you accept my proposition.”

  “ Supposing I fail,-’ said Minnie, with an
eye to business, “what do I get for my
trouble then ? ”
THE THOUSAND-MILE TICKET.

625

  “I will take care of that,” replied Ful-
ward. “ I won’t ask you to work for
nothing.”

  “ Couldn't you give me some idea? ”
“Well, say, I promise you a thousand
dollars, anyhow,” Fulward said. “But I
would rather not state anything definite just
now. We must work for success. If we
fail, I will see that you do not lose any-
thing.”

  “ Why do you think I will succeed ? ”
asked Minnie.

  “ Because you know Charlie, the second
butler, so well.”

  This was an obstacle over which Ful-
ward feared that he and Minnie would trip,
and he wanted to tackle it early in the game.

  “Oh, no—no!” Minnie put both hands
to her face. “I couldn’t! I couldn’t! He
doesn’t know that I—that I steal! And lie’s
so honest! ”

  “Are you sure?” asked Fulward, whose
ideas of honesty were not too solid.

  “ Sure of what? ” Minnie asked in return.
“ That Charlie is so very honest. Wouldn’t
he like a few thousand, too, and a little trip
to Europe ? ”

  Minnie realized that the banker meant
business, that he was prepared to spend all
the money necessary to carry out his plan.

  “ I don’t know,” the girl answered. “ But
he has been the one person I have looked up
to in all the world. I would hate to think
that Charlie would go bad, too. Everybody
I meet is either a thief—or—wants to be.
And Charlie—” Minnie brushed away a
tear.

  “Well,” Fulward went on, “we won’t
worry about Charlie just now. There are
a lot of better things in this world than
being the second butler of a millionaire.
Young men want to get ahead, and I guess
that Charlie won’t pass by the right kind of
an opportunity.”

  “He is not the kind of man you think
he is,” said Minnie sharply.

  "'“And you are not the kind of a girl he
thinks you are,” retorted the banker.

  A second later he was sorry that he had

  made that reply. It made the girl mistrust
him. Of that he was sure. She looked at
him for the first time during the night as if
she hated him, as if he were trying to make
her and the man she loved the tools of his
scheme.

  If they failed, she would t>e to blame;
and if Charlie were dragged into it, he
would be jointly to blame with her. She
could see it in no other light. She was
struggling inwardly with herself. She was
not a match for the keen mind of this man,
old enough to be her father. All she could
do was lead her humble life as a pickpocket
and a sneak and abide by the orders of her
“uncle.” And when the time came and she
could marry Charlie—when he earned suffi-
cient money to support them both—then she
would give up the- terrible life into which
fate had so rudely thrust her—and be a
lady!

  Fulward had made a mistake.

  “I’m sorry, Minnie,” he said; “I didn't
mean to say that.”

  “ I think I had better go,” she said,
reaching for her things.

  “No. I forbid it,” said Fulward. “You
must wait and hear me further. I can’t af-
ford to let you go now. We will not speak
of Charlie again. I will apologize for what

I	said about him. I did not know that you
would take it so much to heart.”

  The girl was gathering up her “tools,”
seemingly unconscious of his presence.

  “Minnie”—Fulward caught her by the
arm—“ you must listen to me! ”

  He turned her around until she faced
him. He placed his hands on her shoulders
so that she could not get away from him.

  “ Do you know what I am doing for you ?
Do you realize? I want you to help me.
Do so, and I will take care of you always.
Here! I will talk real business to you now

—this very moment.”

  He pulled a well-filled wallet from his
pocket, and opened it so that the bills were
exposed. He sat at the table and began
counting them out. Minnie stood as one
transfixed.

 (To be continued.)

It might be fun to see your steam indicator rising without work, but
      it would only mean there was something wrong with the gage.
      Always distrust a cinch.—Comments of the Cynical Super.

4 R R
MONTAUK (arrow) THE PROPOSED TERMINUS OF THE ATLANTIC STEAMSHIP LINES, AND THE FAST

RAIL ROUTE THROUGH NEW YORK CITY,

The New Atlantic Gateway.

BY JOHN WALTERS.

NEW YORK harbor’s claim to the title of “ Gateway of America ” is
being seriously threatened. The call for longer wharves for Europe's
gigantic liners, which grow larger every year, is not being satisfactorily
met, and shipping facilities are fast becoming limited. In looking about for
a future docking place, however, the steamship companies have found what
they believe to be the complete solution of their difficulties. It consists of a
well-sheltered bay, free from shoals, lying at the eastern extremity of Long
Island, within two hours’ travel of the metropolis, and well fitted for handling
the commerce of a great nation. It will bring Europe six hours closer to
America.	_

Overcrowding of Shipping in New York Harbor Gives Promise of Rival
Port on Long Island and Will Shorten Mail Routes
Across the Continent.

T looks now as if the big Eastern
railway and steamship terminal
of the near future will not be
New York City, but a place
known as Fort Pond Bay, situ-
ated at Montauk Point, Long
Island, the most easterly spot in the State of
New York. Ever since the Pennsylvania
Railroad got control of the Long Island
Railroad, this project has been the talk of
Eastern railroad circles. Part developments

indicate the realization of this gigantic
scheme. The principal builders are the
Pennsylvania Railroad and the International
Mercantile Marine Company.

  The Titanic and Olympic, the new levia-
thans of the White Star Line, may inaugu-
rate the Montauk Point service before the
end of the year, giving the Pennsylvania
Railroad, through its connection with the
Long Island Railroad system, control of a
great portion of the transatlantic traffic.
THE NEW ATLANTIC GATEWAY.

627

  As a seaport second to no other in the
world, the Fort Fond Bay improvement will
involve the expenditure of many millions of
dollars. Piers great enough to accommodate
railroad trains for passengers and freight
will be projected one thousand feet into the
bay, with elaborate stations for the rapid
handling of luggage by the customs in-
spectors.

  Along the water-front for a mile and a
half the pier system, which includes steel
reenforced concrete bulkheads and double
concourses, will form the main part of the
terminal from which passengers will be car-
ried, without change of cars, to the Gulf of
Mexico or the coast of California.

  When Austin Corbin, the consolidator of
the Long Island Railroad lines, took the
initial steps for the Fort Pond Bay harbor
improvement, the scheme was regarded as a
far-distant possibility, but since the Hudson
River and New York harbor, crowded with
ships of every description, has been con-
siderably narrowed by the big docks on the
Manhattan and New Jersey shores, Mon-
tauk is left open as the natural gateway to
New York.

  Ralph Peters, now president of the Long
Island Railroad, who recently closed a deal
with Edward C. M. Fitzgerald and Robert
C. Baldwin, a brother of the late William

H.	Baldwin, for many years president of
the Long Island Railroad system, for the
purchase of the mile and a half water-front,
including two hundred and twenty-five acres
of land, expects to carry to completion the
Corbin idea.

  Before announcing the purchase of the
harbor at Montauk Point, Mr. Peters spent
several months with the officials of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad and the International
Mercantile Marine in forming tentative
plans for the gigantic seaport and the track-
ing of the railroad system to accommodate
the fast electric trains which will be operated
from the Pennsylvania terminal to Montauk,
a distance of one hundred and eighteen miles.

To New York in 150 Minutes.

  By actual demonstration, Mr. Peters and
James A. McCrea, president of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad, proved that the run from
the Fort Pond Bay station to the Manhattan
terminal of the Long Island Railroad can
be made in one hundred and fifty minutes,
including a stop at the Sunnyside yards in
Long Island City, where an electric motor-

car was substituted for the last part of the
trip under the East River.

  In preparation for the Fort Pond ter-
minal, the Long Island Railroad is com-
pleting the big freight terminals at Bay
Ridge and Jamaica, which will be connected
with the proposed Jamaica Bay improve-
ment and the New England connection of
the Montauk main line. This connection
will include a system of bridges and tunnels
to connect with the Mott Haven yards in
Manhattan. The new right-of-way has al-
ready been obtained by the New York Con-
necting Railroad.

  With the Montauk main line as the back
of the elaborate system planned by Mr.
Peters and his predecessors, the Pennsyl-
vania Railroad, spreading four track-lines
south, east, and north from its New Jersey
yards, will control one of the most important
railroad systems in the United States.

  On the land side of the main terminal at
Montauk, five thousand acres of land have
been reserved for the building of a city in
which to house the thousands of employees
who will be required to handle the passenger
traffic when the seaport is completed. At
the end of a strip of land where the Montauk
Point lighthouse stands, one thousand five
hundred acres have been reserved for a
summer resort.

  Although the International Mercantile
Marine Company, which controls the White
Star Line, the Atlantic Transport Line, the
Red Star Line, American Line, and Leland
Line, is not recorded as having interests at
Montauk, its close connections with the
Pennsylvania Railroad brought about the
negotiations which resulted in the announce-
ment that Montauk is about to be estab-
lished as a steamship-station.

  Recently, J. Pierpont Morgan hastened to
Washington in the interest of the White
Star Line to make application for the exten-
sion of two of the Chelsea piers for the
accommodation of the Titanic and Olympic.
The War Department refused the applica-
tion four times, but finally granted permis-
sion for the erection of some temporary
piling at the end of the present piers so that
these great ships can make a landing on
their maiden voyages.

  The license stipulates, however, that the
Secretary of War may at any time order
the removal of these additions without legal
protest from the White Star Line.

  This leaves still unsettled the question of
future docking facilities in New York bar-
628

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

bor for the big transatlantic liners now
building or which will be built in the fu-
ture, and makes the using of Fort Pond
Bay as imperative as ever.

  The interests in favor of extending the
steamship piers contend that Montauk Point
will take from New York its supremacy in
handling transatlantic shipping, and that
after passenger service has been inaugurated
to Fort Pond the freight service will soon
follow, leaving the biggest ships entirely out
of the Hudson River.

In Favor of Montauk Point.

  “It remains to be seen,” said an officer
of the International Mercantile Marine,
“whether New York will keep up the strides
which are making in steamship advance-
ment. Boston is offering inducements to
shipping in many ways, but Montauk will
be the most favorable to New York should
the War Department turn down the appli-
cation for longer piers in the Hudson River.

  “ The objection to Brooklyn as a docking-
place for the leviathan steamships is the
small depth of channel and little available
land. In Manhattan the steamship com-
panies can only build their piers in the river,
as the city will not allow the condemnation
of land for us to dredge inland.”

  With the decision of the steamship lines
to adopt Montauk as the alternative of the
Chelsea piers, engineers and experts in the
handling of passengers and freight have
been engaged to work on the plans for the
Fort Pond harbor terminal. The secrecy
with which the work is being guarded is
equaled only by the secret methods employed
by the government in preparing fortification
plans.

  The engineer who prepared preliminary
plans for "the four big piers to extend into
Block Island Sound from the Fort Pond
Beach declared that five million dollars will
have been spent before the first ship lands
at Montauk.

  From Oakdale, Long Island, a town sixty
miles west of Montauk Point, the Long
Island Railroad right-of-way will be double-
tracked and later probably four-tracked.
Amagansett, the least-populated town on
Long Island, which is eighteen miles from
the proposed Fort Pond station, will be the
starting-point for the elaborate system of
tracks which will be laid through the cut
now used as a single-track line to Montauk
Point.

  Following the present railroad course
along Napeague Beach, the narrow neck of
land between Napeague harbor and the
Atlantic Ocean, the system will run through
Hitherwoods. From the-present woods the
lines of tracks will spread along the water-
front to connect with the gigantic terminal.

Piers One Thousand Feet Long.

  The big ships entering Fort Pond Bay
will pass through the deep-water channel in
Block Island Sound, and, entering the har-
bor protected by a bulkhead from Culloden
Point, the most easterly point of Fort Pond
Bay, will steam alongside the one thousand-
foot piers, which, according to present plans,
will be three hundred feet apart.

  Where passengers are now compelled to
stand on cold piers while customs men go
through their luggage, those landing at Fort
Pond Bay will be at once conveyed to the
examination on a long moving platform.
The same means will be used to carry lug-
gage to the concourse, where it will be piled
for rapid examination.

  On the lower floor of the pier will be the
railroad tracks for the trains, which will be
loaded with baggage as rapidly as the cus-
tom-house officials have finished their work.
These trains will be run to New York at
intervals of a few minutes, so that no time
will be lost after leaving the ship.

  An elevated promenade will extend over
the tracks in the railroad yards, which, when
completed, will be the largest in the world.
This promenade will lead to the heights,
where the promoters of Montauk Point ex-
pect to build modern hotels.

  Along Fort Pond Bay a tentative site has
been selected for an electric power-house
to operate the trains and the many devices
which will be installed on the piers for the
quick handling of passengers. This power-
house will also furnish electricity for the
town now being planned on the site of
Hitherwood Hills.

Will Land Immigrants.

  In connection with the power-house, there
will be a special pier in addition to a ter-
minal for coal-cars, which will be ferried to
Bay Ridge, Brooklyn, from Greenville, and
then run over the Long Island tracks through
the Bay Ridge railroad cut. connecting be-
yond Jamaica with the Montauk main line.

It is expected that the high land at
THE NEW ATLANTIC GATEWAY.

629

Rocky Point, which is the west end of Fort
Pond Bay, will be selected for the immi-
gration stations if the steamship companies
finally decide to land all passengers at
Montauk. This land borders on the rail-
road yards, and by a system of moving
platforms above the tracks the immigrants
can be shifted from the pier to the station
in less than fifteen minutes, doing away
with die steamboats, which are packed to
the limit by immigrants leaving the big ships
in the Hudson River.

  After the immigrants have been passed,
special trains will carry them to the Penn-
sylvania terminal in Manhattan or to their
destinations in the West. The engineers
now at work on the plans will submit their
ideas to the government experts as soon as it
is decided to establish the station.

  It will be possible to select one of the
small islands in Napeague Bay for a quar-
antine station. The boarding-officers can
take charge of the ships at Fort Pond as
soon as they round Montauk Point and pass
into the Block Island Sound. There the
water is protected from the northwest winds
by the low stretch of Gardiner’s Island.

  A ferry service from Fort Pond Bay to
New London, Connecticut, and connections
there with die New York, New Haven, and
Hartford Railroad and the Central Vermont
Railroad will be considered as the means of
transporting passengers to New England and
Canada. It is estimated that fifteen hours
and many irritating transfers can be saved
by the operation of the ferry-line, which
will consist, as planned, of fast ships capable
of crossing the Sound in less than two hours.

  Foundation experts who have made tests
of the soil at Montauk Point have found it
suitable for big buildings. In most of the

spots there is a solid rock foundation, while
in other places there is heavy sand, which is
said to be ideal for foundation work. On
the ocean s-ide of the land the engineers are
planning to build a sea-wall to skirt the
cliffs, which are now gradually being
changed by the action of the water.

  The sailing-time of fast ships from a
point opposite Montauk to the docks in the
Chelsea district is estimated at eight hours,
with considerable delays in case of fog.
When Montauk is used as the landing-
place, the time to the Pennsylvania Rail-
road depot will be cut to two hours.

  From Montauk to Philadelphia will be
four hours’ run on the proposed all-electric
line, making that distance in half the time
it now takes for a ship to reach its pier in
the Hudson River. To Chicago in twenty
hours from the time of leaving the ship will
be a possibility.

  In connection with the plans, freight-
experts are considering the ultimate adop-
tion of Montauk as a freight-station. The
steamship companies say that this will not
be done for many years, but those who are
working on the plans are considering a loca-
tion in New York for a central freight-
depot in connection with the steamships.

  “ This depot would be an immense build-
ing provided with entrances for the trucks
which now block the steamship-pier en-
trances,” said one of the freight-experts.

  “ It would mean tubes under the East
River, so that no delays would be possible
between New York and Montauk. Freight
designated to the West could be sent through
by way of Bay Ridge and Greenville, New
Jersey, while the proposed New London ter-
minal would take care of the New England
freight-handling.”

GOVERNMENT INSPECTION OF ENGINES.

     (From the report of Congressman James R. Mann, Chairman, Committee on Interstate and

                                     Foreign Commerce.)

THE bill [Burkett Locomotive Boiler Inspec-
tion Bill], as now reported, has the approval
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engineers, the
Brotherhood of Locomotive Firemen and Engi-
neers, the Order of Railway Conductors, and the
Brotherhood of Railway Trainmen. It also has
the approval of the special committee on relations
of railway operation to legislation, representing
the railroads. It also has the approval of the
American Federation of Labor.

  The bill forbids the railroads from using loco-

motive engines propelled by steam power in mov-
ing interstate and foreign traffic unless the boilers
and appurtenances thereof are in proper condi-
tion and safe to operate, and unless such boilers
shall be inspected from time to time in accordance
with the provisions of the act. It provides that
the inspection of the boilers shall be made by the
railroads in accordance with rules and instruc-
tions to be prepared in the first instance by the
railroads, -but subject to approval and modifica-
tion by the Interstate Commerce Commission,
630

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

which may itself prepare the rules and instruc-
tions for any railroad if that road fails to prepare
and file the same.

  The bill provides for the appointment of one
chief inspector and two assistant chief inspectors
of locomotive boilers, to be confirmed by the Sen-
ate. The chief inspector to receive a salary of
$4,000, and each of the assistants $3,000. It pro-
vides for the division of the country into 50 loco-
motive boiler inspection districts and the appoint-
ment of 50 inspectors, who shall be in the classi-
fied service and be appointed through the civil
service commission. The 50 inspectors are each
to receive $1,800 a year and expenses.

  It authorizes any district inspector to order any
locomotive out of service if he finds the boiler or

apparatus pertaining thereto not in serviceable
condition, subject to an appeal to the chief in-
spector, and a further appeal from the chief in-
spector to the Interstate Commerce Commission,
but provides that pending the appeal, the require-
ments of the inspector shall be effective.

  It provides that in case of accident resulting
from failure from any cause of a locomotive boil-
er or its appurtenances, resulting in serious in-
jury or death to one or more persons, statement
must be made by the railroad to the chief in-
spector, and that such accident shall be investi-
gated by a government official, and that the re-
sults of such investigation shall be made public
in such manner as the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission deems proper.

THE GOOD SAMARITANS.

CONDUCTOR: “ Fares, please.”

Old Lady Passenger (fumbling for her
purse): “Is this the car for Auburn Heights?”
Conductor: “No, ma'am. One along in a
few minutes.”

  Alert Young Man (on her right): “Well, she
can change at Grove Street, can't she?”

  Conductor: “ Sure, she can. Take a green
car marked First Avenue. Transfer-checks on the
right. Fares, please.”

  Old Lady: " I want to call on my cousin who's
took a house on Elgin Square.”

  Alert Young Man: “That ain't on the First
Avenue line.”

  Conductor: “Who said it was? Your best
car, then, lady, is the Fairmount Village line.
Get off at Lafayette Street and walk four blocks.”
Benign Old Gentleman (leaning forward from
opposite side) : “ Excuse me, madam, but it’s
much easier to take a Greenville car. I used to
live on Porter Square myself. A red car marked
Western Point.”

  Alert Young Man: “Not a red car, mister.
Used to be yellow, but they're white now."

  Old Gentleman: “ They were red five years
ago, I’m sure.”

  Conductor: “ All going to be green next month.
Fares, please.”

  Old Lady: “Then what’s my best car when I
change, did you say ? ”

  Irascible Matron (on her left): “ If I was you,
ma’am, I wouldn’t change at all. If you keep
right aboard this car till it goes round the loop
and over the creek, and ask to be let off at Searle
Street, you can take a cross-town line that’ll take
you to Wulfson’s Corner for an eight-cent check,
and from there it isn’t more than five minutes to
Elgin Street. I declare, it's a shame the way the
conductors treat poor, helpless women on this
line, trying to bamboozle ’em for the sake of an
extra fare. This ain’t the first time I’ve seen ’em.”
Alert Young Man: u Well, I guess that’s right,
too.”

  Conductor: “ It ain’t Elgin Street she wants.

We connect with a Belford Place car that goes
right by there.”

  Matron: “ Don’t the two run into each other? ”
Alert Young Man: “No’m; they’re three ’n’ a
half miles apart, one in Grandview an’ the other
in South Ililford.”

Matron (subsiding) : “Oh! I always thought—"
Old Lady: "Then, what’d I better do?”
Conductor: “You can get off right here,
if you wanter, lady, an’ take a car that'll be along
in twelve minutes if it’s on time—‘ C ’ an’ Brock-
way Streets, via Bayville.”

  Old Lady: “ I don’t know. I "think I'd rather
stay on this car, now I've got a seat, and it’s so
cold and all. Besides, I'm late now. Did you say
to change at Baywood ? ”

  Conductor: “ Not if you stay aboard this car.
Fares, please.”

  Old Gentleman: “It isn't Baywood, madam:
it’s Bayville. I don’t wonder you get confused
with these names. It was years before I could
get the difference between Fisher’s Falls and
Fisher’s Avenue straight, and living on Castleton
Crescent all the time.”

  Alert Young Man: “But she don’t want Bay-
ville, anyhow. Lucky she don’t! It’s a mighty
poor line at that.”

  Matron: “Huh! I know some real elegant
folks on it, all the same.”

  Old Lady: “ Well, I’m sure I don't know what
to do when I change.”

  Conductor: “ Just leave it to me, ma’am. I'll
see you get right. Fares, please.”

  Old Lady: “Oh, dear! I guess I’ll get out
right here.”

  Conductor: This stop won’t do you no good.”
Old Gentleman: “ But you don’t change here,
any way.”

  Alert Young Man: “No, no! Sit still! He’ll
look after you.”

  Matron: “Oh! I’m just as much obliged,
but I’ve just remembered I left my money on the
bureau.” (Exit.)—Samuel F. Batchelder in Lip-
pincott’s.
THE SECRET RED LIGHTS

 BY HARRY BEDWELL.

      Bert Daily, the Conductor, Begins an Investigation
      of a Queer Happening on the Lobo Division.

  PART I.

T—>HE engineer of the work-train
was forcing his undersized
djli III) « engine do her best to make
neb'I l™e- was Saturday night,
and the crew was impatient
to be at Lobo, the division
headquarters, for Sunday.

  The headlight thrust its wedge of white
into the darkened desert. The east was be-
ginning to be faintly tinged by the coming
moon.

  It was a light train 'that the engine
pulled, a few empty flat cars, a tool - car,
and the caboose. The workmen sat on the
edge of the flat cars and stared vacantly
into the desert. The gang-boss stood stiffly
erect in the middle of one of the cars, his
hands behind his back, trying to look mas-
terful. Bert Daily, the rear brakeman,
came out of the caboose and stood on the
platform, gazing ahead, his lantern swing-
ing idly in his hand.

  The train rounded on a curve at the foot
of a line of sand-dunes, and the flaming
tail-lights of a freight-train which stopped
on the track ahead of them showed almost
in the engineer's face. A flagman sprang
from the rear of the freight-train, and fran-
tically waved down the work-train.

  The fireman’s “ Hold ’em! ” was tossed
broadcast over the desert as the air-brakes
went on with a roar that convulsed the
train. It checked the train so suddenly
that the gang - boss soared upward with
flapping arms; then came to earth on the
soft sand, alighting on his face.

  The workmen were tumbled off the cars
like tenpins. Bert Daily glimpsed the red
lights ahead in time to anticipate the shock

of air-brakes and to study the distance be-
tween his train and the freight with a calm
eye.

  “We’re going to hit ’em hard,” he judged
reluctantly.

  The left-hand tail-light blinked once,
and Daily knew the head brakeman had
deserted the cab. It blinked again, and he
guessed the fireman had unloaded.

  “ It’s time I, too, was going,” he said
grimly as the whistle screamed a final pro-
test, and the engineer swung clear of his
engine.

  Daily glanced back as he swung low on
the bottom step for the jump. He saw the
conductor spring from the rear platform of
the caboose and bound off at a tangent,
and then over a bunch of sage-brush. He
fell heavily and shattered his lantern.
Daily swung lower still, and sprang away
easily.

  The freight-train began to move ahead
slowly. Then the work-train struck, and
went tearing through the caboose.

  Bert Daily rounded sharply about and
ran to his conductor, who was getting pain-
fully to his feet, spitting out sand and
vicious oaths with the same breath.

  “ We’ve torn those fellows up some,”
Daily panted. “I’ll go back and flag.
You have your work cut out for you.”

  Still running, he struck the track and
swept on around the sand-dunes. He un-
twisted two torpedoes from his lantern-
frame, planted them at the prescribed dis-
tance, then walked back some way toward
the wreck and sat down.

  He could catch only faint sounds from
the wreck. These became fainter as the

/
632

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

night slipped by, and at length ceased al-
together. Something definite had been
done—help sent for, or perhaps the two
crews had settled to the work of getting
under way again.

   The chill of the desert night caused Daily
to get up and pace about restlessly. The
hours dragged out till midnight and into
morning, yet no sign came from the other
side of the sand - dunes to proclaim how
affairs were with the two trains.

  Daily’s impatience waxed hot as his body
grew chill. This was a deuce of a way to
spend Saturday night! What were those
fellows over there doing to take up so much
time—and yet make so little noise? And
why had there been no trains along to be
stopped? Two or three were past due from
the east.

   So he fretted out the hours till some time
after sunrise, when the desert fumed like a
furnace under the hot sun. Then a train
streaked up over the long horizon, shot
toward him, struck the torpedoes, and
stopped beside him.

  “ Work-train tore up the hind end of a
freight around on the other side of those
dunes some time last night,” Daily ex-
plained to the conductor and the engineer.
“ Haven’t heard anything of them since.
Don’t know if they are still there or not.”

  “You look as if you had spent a pleas-
ant night of it,” grinned the conductor.
“ We’ve been tied up behind a wreck our-
selves.”

  “ What have you there ? ” asked Daily,
nodding gloomily at the two dusty coaches
drawn by the engine. He had hoped for
a passenger-train with diner attached.

  “ Superintendent Hood’s car,” answered
the conductor easily.

  A straight, slim young man, with a face
of great gravity, strode from the rear end
of the train.

  “What’s the delay, Morris?” he asked
the conductor.

  Tone and gesture were self-conscious of
his fresh, clean clothes, and his authority
over these older men. Daily looked into
the restless eyes with his own direct gaze,
and saw the other’s flinch.

  This was Ellis Sargent, Mr. Hood's
chief clerk.

  The conductor explained why they had
stopped.

   “ All right,” said Sargent bruskly. “ Run
down to where the accident happened, and
Bee what has become of the two trains.

Daily, you come back to the car with me,
and tell Mr. Hood what has happened.”

  Daily followed Sargent back to the pri-
vate car, and swung up on the platform as
the train started slowly forward. Sargent
entered the car. Daily paused in the door-
way till his eyes, used to the glaring hot
light, could distinguish objects in the cool,
dark car.

  “Oh, it’s Daily!” came Mr. Hood’s
quiet voice. “What has happened now?”

  Daily began to see the interior of the
apartment more clearly. Mr. Hood sat
comfortably tilted back in a chair, a news-
paper on his knee. At the far end two
ladies sat at a small table, on which glasses
of cold stuff clinked musically. Daily sat
his useless lantern down upon the platform.

  “ Here, sit down,” ordered Mr. Hood,
pushing out a chair with his foot. His
quiet eyes had noted that Daily’s face was
haggard from a sleepless night of watching.

  Daily slumped wearily into the chair
and explained how he happened to be there,
and his eyes kept turning toward the
glasses of cool liquid that clinked so merrily
on the little table between the two young
ladies.

  He had neither eaten nor drunk anything
since the afternoon of the day before.

  “ Yes,” he heard Sargent murmur to the
young women, “he has been out all night
flagging.”

  “ You don't know if any one was hurt,
do you ? ” asked Mr. Hood.

  “No, sir.” Daily shook his head, and
the motion caused a row of sweating glasses
to ring themselves about the car.

  The train came to a stop, and Mr. Hood
and his chief clerk walked out into the sun-
light. Daily arose stiffly, and started to
follow. At the doorway a quiet voice
checked him suddenly.

  “Wouldn’t you like to have a drink after
your night out?”

  Daily came about slowly. One of the
young women was coming toward him with
a glass held out.

  “ If—you—please.” He counted out the
words slowly, to be sure of them.

  He put the glass to his lips and drank
deliberately. The cool stuff seemed to sat-
urate his being with a divine fire. The
grave face of the girl before him became
radiant and glorified. It seemed to lure
him kindly out on an azure cloud.

  “Won’t you have another?” the glorified
face asked.
THE SECRET

RED LIGHTS.

633

  Daily willed himself to refuse, but his
will was broken.

  “ If — you — please,” he again counted
out soberly.

  Another glass loomed before him; again
he drank, and again the grave face of the
girl became glorified and floated above him
in a vague mist. He gave up the glass
slowly, thanked her with a tearful voice,
and walked out into the hot sunlight.

  The work - train and the freight - train
were gone, leaving behind only the caboose
—a splintered and mangled hulk tipped
disconsolately to one side—the only mark
to show there had been an accident.

  Daily forgot to be angry because he had
not been called in when the trains had de-
parted.

  “ I wonder what that was she gave me to
drink ? ” he asked the solitude.

  The girl was Miss Glen Hood, the su-
perintendent’s daughter.

II.

A/fR. HOOD was holding an investiga-
tion in his office to determine the
cause of the rear-end collision between the
work-train and the freight. All those in-
terested, and some who were not, were gath-
ered to give testimony.

   Mr. Hood, his chief clerk, and the train-
master sat at one side of a big table and
examined witnesses. The investigation was
wearisome to all, particularly the rear
brakeman of the freight-train, for the evi-
dence tended to show that his swiftness in
getting out to flag any train following his
own was not great.

   To the rest it was nerve-fretting, for cau-
tious train and engine men make poor wit-
nesses.

   Bert Daily was called, told the little he
knew, then went back to his chair at the
back of the room and the paper he had
been reading.

  Four days had elapsed since the rear-
end collision, and in that time he had been
promoted to the rank and pay of a conduc-
tor. He had made two trips, and had but a
few minutes before going on the stand been
called to take an extra east at five o’clock.

  Daily raised his head from his paper to
listen to the testimony of the engineer of
the freight-train. The engineer said doubt-
fully that a few seconds after rounding the
sand-dunes he had seen a red light swing
across the track and disappear.

  “I gave her the big hole,” he concluded
his testimony doggedly, “ and had her
stopped within her own length. That’s all,
except I guess maybe there really wasn’t
any red light there.”

  Daily grew tired of the questioning, and
wandered into the outer office. There was
no one there. Business had been suspended
during the investigation. Daily got him-
self another paper, a more comfortable
chair, and sat down by a window.

  Presently Miss Hood and her friend,
Miss Harnett, came in quietly, nodded
gravely at Daily, and sat down. Daily lost
interest in the paper and stared idly out of
the window.

  The investigation broke up; and men be-
gan to file through the outer office. Ellis
Sargent came out hurriedly, spied the ladies
and Daily, and came forward with his
quick, nervous stride. He turned to Daily
from greeting the young women.

   “ I’m going out with you to-night, Daily,”
he said. “Wait till I get my hat and coat,
and I’ll go down to the yard office with
you.” He hurried back into the inner
office.

  “ I hope there were no bad effects from
your night of flagging,” Miss Hood said,
turning slowly to Daily.

  The conductor looked at her idly, and
the vague speculation began again in his
brain as to what kind of drink she had
given him to make this grave face appear
glorified. Her remark hardly broke his
chain of thought, for the thought of so
many harder nights than that one made it
seem pointless.

  Why Sargent was going out with him
was of more interest.

  “The beverage you gave me killed all
evil effects before they even came to a bud,”
he said.

   Mr. Hood came out of his office, followed
by Sargent, who carried a long coat on his
arm.

  “Been entertaining Conductor Daily?”
smiled Mr. Hood at his daughter as they
were moving to follow Sargent and Daily
down the stairs. “ Be careful of him. He
never does anything just as you expect.
There was never a man came to this divi-
sion with a recommendation like his. He
came in here one day over three years ago—
thin, red-eyed, and rather old—and gave
me a letter from an old friend of mine in
the East. ‘ This man is as good a one as
I know of when sober—but he is seldom
634

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

sober,’ is the way the letter ran. I put him
in the train service, expecting the job to
break him. He’s still there.”

  Daily and Sargent turned up the street to
a restaurant. Half an hour later they had
collected the orders from the despatcher’s
office, the way-bills from the yard office,
and soon the freight-train was swinging out
of the yards. Sargent lounged in the cu-
pola, where Daily joined him.

  The train pushed steadily into the silent,
starlit desert. Sargent and Daily seldom
spoke. An hour and a half, and the sand-
dunes began to loom up on the right.

  “ It was about here the collision occurred,
wasn’t it?” Sargent finally asked.

  Daily nodded. His eyes still continued
to follow the path of the headlight. He
stiffened suddenly and gripped his chair.
The air-brakes went on with a roar that
boomed away and lost itself in the desert.
Cars jammed together savagely, and one in
the middle of the train reared and plunged
clear of the track, dragging one or two
others with it.

  “Now, I saw that,” Daily bit out as the
crash of cars ceased.

  Sargent arose, battered and shaken, from
a corner of the cupola.

  “Saw what, Daily?” he questioned.

  “ Saw a red light swing across the track.
Come on and let’s see what kind of a job
that engineer did stopping us.”

  They dropped to the ground from the
caboose steps and hurried forward. Sar-
gent was bruised and excited, and gasped
out eager, useless questions.

  They found Dave, the head brakenian,
swearing indifferently at two cars turned
over, and a third with the front trucks
plowed deep into ties and dirt. Daily
walked around the derailed cars and ex-
amined the track by the light of his lan-
tern. Sargent followed, barking useless
questions and giving useless advice.

  “We’ll have to cut loose the engine and
run in for help,” he said. “ Daily, this is
a bad spill.”

  Daily rounded on him suddenly.

  “Why did you come out with me to-
night?” he demanded. “Was it about
these mysterious red lights?”

  “ Yes, and to keep in touch with the
freight service,” answered the chief clerk,
unconsciously using a phrase from Mr.
Hood’s instructions.

  Daily took him by the shoulder and faced
him toward the rear of the train.

  “Do you see that red light down the
track there?” he asked. “That is Billy
Mack, my rear brakeman, back there flag-
ging. You get a lantern from the caboose,
run back there, and take his place. Send
Mack up here to me. Now, do you think
you can do a decent job of flagging?”

  Daily’s tone was fatherly; but it came
hard to disobey his orders. Sargent went
with relief in his heart, for he liked little
responsibility.

  “Now, we’ll clean up this mess,” said
Daily briskly.

  He ordered out cables and flanges and
the other simple paraphernalia from ca-
boose and engine, and they began pulling
and hauling at the two cars that lay on
their sides. They dragged them clear of
the track, and left them. The track was
blocked up where the wheels had crushed
through the ties, and the front trucks of
the third car were pulled back on the rails.

  Daily worked his men deliberately, with
hardly a glance at his watch, for it is not
well to hurry men by reminding them just
how much time they have left.

  Fifty minutes, and they were ready to
start. Sargent was called in and the train
pushed on through the desert. Daily and
Sargent hung over the railing of the rear
platform of the caboose and watched the
dunes steal softly by.

  “ It’s a God-forsaken country,” said Sar-
gent, shivering at a breath of chill air.

  “ I’d like to ride through those dunes some
day,” mused Daily thoughtfully. “ It must
be a queer place. I've ridden through the
mountains a great deal, but it never struck
me before that the dunes could be interest-
ing. Did you see that red light a while
ago?”

III.

TOBO recognized few gradations in the
social stratum. The occasional Satur-
day night dances given at the big railroad
hotel were attended by individuals from
every walk of local life.

  On a Saturday night, when Lobo fore-
gathered to enjoy, Bert Daily lounged in a
corner of the hotel office, idly watching the
crowd gather and reading a paper.

  He saw Ellis Sargent come in with Miss
Hood and Miss Harnett. Then the dance
started and Daily was lost for a time in his
reading. He threw away the paper when
Sargent sat down beside him, nodding
somewhat gloomily.
THE SECRET RED LIGHTS.

635

  “ Mr. Hood has decided not to investi-
gate the wreck of your train the other night,”
said the chief clerk. “ There have been two
more trains stopped at that same place since
then—both of them passenger-trains.”
Sargent in his gloom was growing super-
ficial. Every one on the division knew this,
and knew also that this was but a small
part of the trouble which has visited the
division of late.

   Among other things, an engineer had pret-
ty well torn up his train stopping at sight
of a rag effigy tied across the track so con-
spicuously that it was easy to see the ropes
by which it was fastened. Cars left on
blind sidings had been run through the de-
railing-switches; water-tanks and coal-
chutes had been emptied on the ground by
a mysterious hand, and a great many other
destructive happenings had occurred dur-
ing the week.

  “What do you make of all this bad
luck?” asked Daily, eying Sargent to see
if the question was impertinent.

  “Blackmail,” breathed the chief clerk
as if his heart chilled at the mention of the
word. “We got notice this morning. It’s
from a gang that wants one hundred thou-
sand dollars. They threaten to put this di-
vision out of commission if they don’t get
it. Mr. Hood started east this afternoon to
see the general manager. As I was coming
over here, I got a message that when his
train stopped at the Volcano water-tank
some one cut all the air-hose on the train
and got away without being seen.”

   Daily slid upright in his chair.

  “Well,” said he slowly, “it’s a fight.
You can’t buy them off this time without
doing it again.”

  “ That’s what Mr. Hood thinks,” replied
Sargent, “ but what can we do in this coun-
try of little civilization that is all desert
and mountains? Either way there will be
trouble.”

  “ Sure,” breathed Daily. “ That’s mostly
what makes life worth while.”

   The two drifted to the door of the dining-
room where the couples were dancing, and
Daily saw why Sargent had deserted the
ballroom to talk to him.

  Glen Hood was dancing with a lithe,
black-haired man, and Daily gathered from
the smiles some of the ladies turned on the
couple that something amusing had oc-
curred. He guessed that in a contest for
Miss Hood’s favor Sargent had lost his head
and his temper and had been vanquished.

  As the couple swept by him, Daily saw
that the man had dark skin and hard fea-
tures. For a few moments Daily felt that
something in life had gone wrong.

  “ A Mexican! ” He tried the word
doubtfully. “ A Mexican! ” Then, de-
liberately, “a greaser!”

  The smoky light faded and long shadows
sprang out of the corners of the room. The
dancers whirled into a dim circle and dwin-
dled away, leaving a face with a straight
nose and a gleaming smile, topped with
stiff, black hair, standing out like a por-
trait 011 a canvas.

  Then the will that had driven a broken
body from end to end on the division
gripped him and cleared his mind.

  “A puncher from the south—or a gam-
bler,” he decided more calmly. “ Anyway,
I’m going to try to stop him.”

  Daily stepped forward quickly when the
music ceased and stood before Glen Hood
as she sat down. The first quick look of
doubt and estimate she gave him as he
made his request hurt him more than any-
thing else had hurt him in years. In that
glance she really took consideration of him
for the first time, and judged him. Then
she accepted him, and the Mexican melted
away with his gleaming smile.

  They danced twice together, then Freddy
Dyer, the second-trick despatcher, came
and Daily strolled out to the veranda.

  As he turned slowly out of the doorway
he noticed, in the moonlight, four men
gathered at the far end of the veranda. One
leaned idly against the railing, talking in
low, insinuating tones with glinting teeth.
Daily also recognized the back of Sargent.
The little group stood almost montionless,
listening tensely to the speaker.

  Daily paused doubtfully. A call-boy
touched him on the arm, holding out his
book. The conductor saw that he was to
take an extra east in an hour, and signed
the book. Then he strolled down the long
veranda.

  He heard the Mexican’s low laugh, and
saw Sargent double up grotesquely in the
dancing light—saw him strike out passion-
ately, blindly, an amateurish blow at the
Mexican’s face.

  Daily drew in quickly. The Mexican’s
nose streamed blood as he came upright with
a springy jump. Then lie lunged at Sar-
gent, his arm stiff, a slender knife quiver-
ing in the light.

  Back of Daily were three years of rough-
636

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

and-tumble fighting, of sudden blind rages
and quick attacks. As the Mexican lunged,
Daily caught Sargent* by the shoulder and
kicked savagely at the hand that held the
knife.

  The knife flickered into the sand and the
Mexican spat out a Spanish oath as he stag-
gered against Daily’s fist. He stumbled
back against the railing, holding his wound-
ed hand in dumb pain, peering doubtfully
at Daily.

  Then he squared himself on his feet,
brushed by them all, strode to the veranda-
steps, and out toward the railroad-yards.

  Sargent was trembling under the hand on
his shoulder. He turned his white face,
twisted into a smile, to Daily.

  “Thank you,” he mumbled. “The fel-
low is a blackguard.”

  “That’s all right,” said Daily hurriedly.
“ I must be off now.”

  An hour later his train was nosing its
way into the moonlit desert.

  For a long time Daily sat in his caboose
sorting way-bills. The moon dropped over
the rim of the sky, and when the conductor
climbed into the cupola beside Mack, his
brakeman, the desert was darkness.

  “ Guess there’s a tramp on board of us.
I’m goin’ up ahead to see,” said Mack, and
disappeared below.

  Daily watched the brakeman’s lantern
swing out over the cars and pause mid-
way on the train. From the sudden rush of
sound and chill air, he was conscious that
the caboose door had been opened.

  The next moment he was peering down
into the grinning face of the Mexican.

  “Hallo!” Daily said abruptly. “How
did you get here?”

  “Your brakeman ran me this way, so I
came in. Don’t move, or I’ll kill you. I
shoot as well with my left hand as with my
right! I’m going to climb up there to that
seat on the opposite side of the cupola from
you so that I can keep an eye on your brake-
man ! Then you and I will talk! ”

  The Mexican climbed to the seat and
peered ahead at Mack’s lantern still twin-
kling at the middle of the train. Daily eyed
him curiously, then settled back in his
chair, smiling quietly.

  “ All right,” he said, “ talk your head
off.”

  “ I never dreamed of such luck as meet-
ing you so soon again, when I hid on this
train,” grinned the Mexican.

  The train pushed on through the desert;

the two men faced each other with quiet

eyes.

  “ All this clash and friction between us
has given me an inspiration,” went on the
Mexican steadily, resting his- revolver com-
fortably on his lap. “ I’m going to take you
from your train at Volcano and keep you
with me for a time. I may kill you, but I
don t think so. You see, I am trying to get
this second-rate railroad to part with a
hundred thousand dollars to be rid of me,
but, so far, it seems to be more inclined to
the company of both myself and the hun-
dred thousand.”

  Daily’s eyes danced wickedly.

  “So you are the fellow that’s black-
mailing the division,” he said softly. “ Well,
I don’t see just why you are mixing me up
in this deal of dollars. All I did to you
was to stop you from sticking a friend of
mine, and keep your own royal person alive
and free. If you had ever struck Sargent,
you would have been out of it all by now.”
“But, as you see, I am not at all grate-
ful,” glinted the Mexican. “ My kidnap-
ing you will make the railroad sit up and
take a little more notice.”

   “ Just what are you going to do with me ? ”
asked Daily anxiously.

  “ Have you stop your train at Volcano,
get off, then signal your train to proceed.
There are comrades of mine there who know
I am coming. It is best to do as I say.”
The many-toothed smile gleamed evilly
in the faintly lit cupola. Daily peered
ahead into the darkness thoughtfully. He
saw that his rear brakeman’s lantern still
spotted the darkness in the middle of the
train. Then he turned to the Mexican de-
liberately.

  “ I don’t see the sense of it,” he com-
plained. “Have you a cigarette? I sup-
pose you won’t let me get into my own
pockets. Thanks. And a match? You
take me away from my work and my pay
and do no good to yourself.”

  The match flared. Daily held it to his
cigarette as he talked eagerly.

  “ If you go to stealing men instead of
dollars you will have the whole State
against you instead of the railroad. Don’t
you see that? Give me another match,
will you?”

  Another match flared, and Daily puffed
hard at the cigarette. Then he argued on,
leaning forward eagerly, his voice raised
somewhat above die roar and click of the
hurrying wheels. He held the Mexican’s
r

\

THE SECREt RED LIGHTS.

637

attention by tense tone and calm eye. As
he talked, the Mexican’s smile became cold
and cruel and his eyes were lit with a
smoldering madness.

  “You think you will talk your way to
freedom and to life—for you fear death,”
he cut in coldly. “You fear death!” he
repeated, “ and you'll fear it more before—”

  The narrow window at the back of the
cupola rasped harshly in its frame as a
rush of cold air struck in from behind.
The Mexican’s hands fluttered helplessly
to the arms of his chair.

  In that second of his terror, two long
arms ending in two huge slabs of hands
drove in on the cold air, seized him by the
shoulders and jerked him backward
through the little window. The chair was
broken from its one iron leg; the revolver
clattered to the floor.

  Feet scuffled on the roof of the car as
Daily sprang to the open window. As he
thrust his head into the darkness, he saw
the Mexican, heaved clear of the car,
squirm out of sight.

  A pair of boots appeared on a line with
the conductor’s face, and he moved to one
side to let his brakeman slide feet first
through the open window.

  “ I knew the hobo was on the train some
place,” panted Mack as he struck the floor.
“ It took a lot of nerve for him to come in
here and try to stick you up. I saw him
when you struck the first match. What
was he trying to do to you, anyway? ”

  Daily bit out short sentences of explana-
tion as he dropped to the floor and reached
for his lantern.

  “Here,” he ordered, as he thrust the
lantern up at Mack. “ Stop her! We’ve
got to go back there and hunt-for that
fellow.”

  “ I couldn’t help throwing him off,”
Mack apologized, as he wormed through the
window. “He fought like a cat.”

  Mack’s lantern swooped back and forth
in the quick half-circle of the “wash-out.”
Some one in the cab saw the signal, the
whistle screeched, and the brakes began to
nip the wheels.

  Daily lit another lantern, picked up the
fallen revolver, and swung off the train be-
fore it had stopped.

  He ran along the track to the point near
where the Mexican had lit and swung his
lantern. Mack joined him, and they both
searched for half an hour, but found not so
much as a track in the sand.

  “Anyway, we couldn’t see much in this
lantern light,” Daily complained. “We
can’t find him. That fall would have killed
a white man. This fellow has crawled out
of the way and is most likely watching us,
trying to decide whether to pot us or not.”
They tramped back to the caboose. The
shadows played about their feet in the circle
of lantern light. A light bobbed at the rear
of the train, and Dave, the head brakeman,
swung about to stride beside them to hear
what had happened.

  “Let him ramble now,” said Daily, as
they came up to the caboose. His lantern
doubled in the air and the air-brakes whis-
tled. “ Dave, run forward and tell the en-
gineer to stop at the next station.”

  More track began to drone in the dark-
ness behind them. Daily and Mack brood-
ed silently in the caboose while the desert
whispered by. As they came to a stop at
Thunder Creek, the two swung off and
walked into the office where the night opera-
tor idled away life at the telegraph-desk.

  “ Ask the operator at Volcano if he has
noticed any punchers or armed man loafing
about his station this evening,” said Daily.

  The operator rippled a call; the instru-
ment chattered for a few seconds.

  “ Volcano says there’s some cow-men, or
something like that, camped over by the
corrals, but they haven’t any wagon wit'\
them. Says one of ’em kept inquiring for
a telegram, and about nine o’clock this
evening he got one from Lobo.”

  “ Tell the operator,” said Daily, “to keep
an eye on them, then you tell the despatcher
that we are going to stop at Volcano for a
little time so he needn’t lay anything out
for us. I want all the guns you have about
the shack.”

  “There’s the agent’s sawed-off shotgun
and his rifle over there in the corner.
There’s a revolver under the ticket-window,
and one here in my desk,” the operator
enumerated.

  “ You fellows must be always looking for
trouble,” grinned Daily. “ I’ll take all but
your revolver, and send them back to you to-
morrow.”

“ Be careful of the shotgun,” warned the
operator. “It’s dangerous at both ends.”
The three took the guns and walked to
the engine. In a few minutes the train was
moving again.

  Daily, Mack, and Dave swung onto the
caboose and mounted to the cupola.

  “ It's funny what can happen in such a
638

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

little time—ain’t it?” said Mack, as he
began to hum, “Will There Be Any Stars
in My Crown ” in a nasal buzz.

  “ This cannon is bound to scatter shot
all over the country,” complained Dave,
who had the sawed-off shotgun. “ You fel-
lows will have to stay well back of me when
I go into action. If you get into my line of
fire, you’ll get your lights put out.”

  The train swung into the yards at Vol-
cano, and stopped with the caboose just out-
side the front windows of the station.

  The engineer and fireman dropped from
their engine and walked through the yards
toward the back of the depot. Daily jumped
to the platform and walked to the office,
leaving his two brakeinen crouched in the
doorway of the caboose.

  “Have you seen anything more of those
fellows who got that message from Lobo?”
Daily questioned the sleepy operator.

  “ They’re over there by the corral yet, I
guess,” the operator mumbled drowsily.
“ There’s four of them.”

  Some one' outside called something and
Daily swung around to the doorway. A
second later, four men rode restive horses
into the light that streamed from the open
window and door, one riding in close and
peering down at the conductor.

  ‘■'bo you belong to that train?” de-
manded the man on the horse.

  “Hands up—all!” came Mack’s excited
yell from the rear end of the caboose.

  A horseman turned in his saddle and
fired, all in one quick writhe of the body
and turn of the wrist, that showed practise
in that exercise.

  The bullet plunked into the caboose over
the heads of the brakemen who were crouch-
ed behind the sheet of steel hung on the
railing of the platform. The horseman
fired twice again in as many seconds, and
the horses danced and plunged.

  Daily knelt down in the shadow under
the lighted window, and fired at the man
nearest him. Mack’s rifle spat wickedly,
and four or five guns blazed at once.

  The operator seated in the window
seemed to be in the greatest danger, but he
was accustomed to such scenes, and quickly
slid to safety under his table.

  With a roar that drowned all other sounds
to mere cracklings, Dave let go both bar-
rels of the sawed-off shotgun. A horse
snorted; a man yelled and cursed. Shot
ripped through the windows and bored
into the station walls.

  With that shot the firing ceased. Flying
hoofs rang on the track and plowed away
into the desert. A man began muttering to
himself.

  Daily crouched for a little time longer
in the shadow to see if any pain would de-
velop. He felt nothing unusual, so he
reckoned that by some accident no buck-
shot had found him.

  “Gosh!” he breathed, and stood up.

  He turned into the station to fetch a
lamp.

  The light showed one horse and two men
down on the cinder platform. One of the
men raised on his arm and took a quick
shot at the light in Daily’s hand and ex-
tinguished it.

  “ Don’t do that again,” warned a voice.
“Daily get another light.” It was the en-
gineer.

  Daily got another light. The outlaw
surrendered his revolver to the engineer.

  “Where are you hurt?” asked Daily.

  “ All over mostly,” answered the man,
and fainted.

  “Let’s see where Mack and Dave are,”
said Daily.

  Mack they found sitting close beside the
caboose nursing his head in both hands.
He peered up at them round-eyed. ,

  “ Dave is around here some place,” ne
told them. “ I can’t hear a thing you say.
The noise of that gun knocked me crazy.
It knocked Dave down, then kicked him
twice after that.”

  They found Dave on the flat of his back
and the shotgun on top of him.

  They gathered up the wounded and took
them into the office to look them over. Both
of the outlaws were senseless. Dave opened
his eyes to the lamplight to ask for a drink,
and Mack walked the floor holding his
head.

  “ This is an awful mess,” complained
the engineer, who sickened at the sight of
so much blood. “ But they should have
known better than to tackle us,” he added,
and his face cleared a little.

  “ Of course they should,” said Daily
briskly. “ Send your fireman over to the
town for a doctor.”

  The conductor pulled the sleepy oper-
ator from under the telegraph table, and
set him in his chair.

  “No need sending for a doctor.” said
the operator, his fists in his eyes. “There
ain’t any. But there’s whisky.”

  Daily began scribbling on a pad of paper.
THE SECRET RED LIGHTS.

639

  “Tell the despatcher this,” he ordered
the operator, pushing the paper under his
nose; “and ask him if we shall go on to
Newpoint with these fellows.”

  The operator reached for his key. After
a few moments he looked up.

  “ The despatcher says you had better go
on in with your train,” lie said, “ then pick
up the sheriff at Newpoint and come back
to find the Mexican if you can. He says
there’s no one in command now that Mr.
Hood has gone East, for Sargent is afraid
to issue an order. You are very likely to
get fired whatever you do.”

  “All right,” said Daily. “We’ll go in.”

IV.

\ N hour later, Daily was in Newpoint
pulling the sheriff from bed.

  “I’ve got a job for you,” he told the
sheriff.

-	He sat on the bed and talked, while the
officer got into his clothes.

  “ I can get two men and enough horses
within half an hour,” the sheriff said.
“You get the train ready, and I’ll meet
you at the station.”

  Another hour and they were careening
westward, racing behind a sleek little
engine to be on hand at daylight. In a
box car between the engine and the caboose
were four horses. Another conductor was
in charge of the train, for Daily was to ride
with the sheriff.

  “ I am going to sleep like a dog,” said
Daily, as he stretched himself out on a
cushioned bench.

  The sun was up when the train stopped
at the point where Mack had tossed the
Mexican from the top of the caboose. After
a good deal of searching about in the sand
they found where the Mexican had landed
on his feet, bounded forward a few steps,
then plowed up the sand in a hard fall.
His trail began there, dragged across the
desert, and was lost in the shimmering heat.

   “ Get out the horses,” ordered the sheriff.
“From the swing of his feet that fellow is
pretty well in towards the mountains by
this time. We have likely come too late;
but we’ll give him a try.”

  The horses were unloaded and saddled.
The four men mounted.

  “You may as well run into La Salle and
ask for orders,” Daily told the conductor
in charge of the train. “ We won’t need
you any more.”

  They spurred away into the silent waste
and aching glare of the sun. It was like
riding into a furnace.

  By eleven o’clock the trail had led them
into the shadow of the mountains. At
noon it ceased in a rocky canon.

  “This is his own country,” said the
sheriff, as he looked up at the mountains.
“There’s 110 use trying to find him here.
Daily, we’ve lost.”

  “ I don’t like to think we have come all
this way for nothing,” Daily complained.
“Let’s try a little farther. That fellow
may have dropped just around the next turn
of the canon wall.”

  “We may be riding straight into hell,”
said the sheriff. “That canon is narrow
and high, and once in it we’re in a hole
for sure. If the Mexican had won through
all right he’s sure to have picked up some
of his men, and may be waiting for us.”
“Shall we go in?” asked Daily quietly.
“ Oh, I guess so,” answered the sheriff,
and they rode forward.

  They made the first turn, and the canon
lay there blankly before them. At the next
turn it lost itself in the gloom of its own
towering walls.

  “No good,” said the sheriff sullenly. “I
won’t risk it further.”

  “ Do you see that black lump in the
shadow against the wall ahead there?”
asked Daily, pointing. “ I am two-thirds
sure it’s a rock or a log, but I’m going to be
sure it isn’t the Mexican. You stay here.”
He walked his horse forward for three
hundred yards, found the lump to be a
mound of earth, and then he faced back.
He reined in as a rock clattered down the
mountainside.

  A rifle spoke faintly from high above.
Daily’s horse sank to its knees with a tired
grunt, and the conductor leaped to safety.

  The sheriff spurred for Daily. Then
two rifles spoke sharply from above, and
the sheriff threw himself clear of his own
horse as it went down. One of his men
was at his side in another moment. He
hauled the sheriff up behind him, and the
two horses clattered swiftly out of sight.

  Daily was left alone. He cleared the
width of the canon in a swift sprint, sprang
up at a handful of dry shrubs, caught
them, and pulled himself up among the
rocks, where he lay for a few moments.
The marksmen above began to pester him
with bullets that spat uncomfortably close.
Daily glanced upward along the moun-
640

THE RAILROAD M*AN’S MAGAZINE.

tain wall, then began slowly to climb
higher to a spot more on a line with the
marksman. His progress was followed by
the steady, persistent spit of bullets, and
it was an hour before he plumped down
panting behind a huge boulder.

  The bullets pecked about him for a little
while longer, then ceased.

  “ Those fellows will about move around
where they can get me going and coming,’'
commented Daily, idly fingering the loose
stones, “ and then where am I ? ”

  He scanned the bare walls above him,
then peered out at the rocks which concealed
the marksman. The range was too great
for his revolver, so he lay down and watch-
ed the mountains above and below.

  After an hour, he caught a movement
far to the left. A second later, a bullet
threw dust in his face. Another bounced
from the rock a little above his head.
Daily threw himself into a small niche, and
thrust his revolver forward. He fired at
the next puff of smoke, and for the next
few moments answered shot for shot.

  He played for time and darkness. He
reasoned that the sheriff would return by
daylight of the next day with more men to
rescue him. With the fall of darkness, he
hoped to avoid the otitlaws.

  Rut the lone marksman on the mountain-
side seemed intent that the sun should not
set on Daily alive. He drew down nearer.
A shot gently touched Daily’s coat-sleeve.
Daily crowded more of himself into the
niche, but the next shot came from a dif-
ferent angle, and cut his arm.

  “ Ouch! ” protested Daily.

  A dry, mirthless laugh came from behind
a boulder. Daily watched the big rock
with restless eyes, and when a gun-barrel
showed over the top of it, he promptly fired.

  The rifle slid from sight, then reap-
peared cautiously around the side of the
boulder. Daily fired again, but the answer-
ing shot came close on his own, and a bul-
let slit open the tip of his shoulder.

  Anxiously he calculated the distance to
the boulder, and gathered himself for a
rush. The blue barrel came slowly in sight
again. Daily fired three times quickly,
and held still and tense waiting for the
stinging bullet from the rifle to strike.

  Then, and no sooner, would he rush the
man on the other side of the boulder.

  In the pause his eyes swept the moun-

tains swiftly. The shadows were become
long and dark in the low land.

   Why didn’t he fire? His heart beat off
 the seconds distinctly and audibly: One,
 two, three. His restless eyes turned down-
 ward in a racing glance. Then his caught
 breath went out in a long, slow whisper.

  The impossible had happened. A sad-
dle-horse, strayed from others belonging to
the outlaws, came slowly down the canon,
pulling at tufts of dry grass as it came.
Three more heart-beats. and it was almost
beneath him. He could plainly see the
bridle hanging from the saddle.

   Daily’s eyes were pivoted on the gun-
barrel nestling at the side of the boulder.
The top of a black head came in line with
the glowing steel, and Daily fired again.
The horse raised its head curiously, then
continued grazing. The top of the black
head was withdrawn.

   Then the horse thrust out its nose, planted
 its feet, and snorted. It had come to
 Daily’s horse shot in the trail.

   Daily bunched himself, rose, and leaped
 the boulder in front of him. He went to-
 bogganing down the mountain, starting a
 mass of earth and stones. Twice he turned
 over to right himself and spit out dirt. He
 struck the trail, and went sprawling on.

   He jumped to his feet half blinded, and
 seized the horse before it could elude him,
 ran a few steps as it shied past the dead
 'horse, then swung to the saddle. The horse
 leaped forward in a few short, stiff jumps,
 then struck into a long, racing stride.

  Guns began to sputter and spit from
both sides of the canon. The saddle bow
was torn away under Daily’s hand, a sting-
ing wound in his side grew into an agon-
izing ache.

   The mountains began to careen and fade
 away, and the sky flamed and seethed like
 liquid fire; but he set his grip on the sad-
 dle and swept around the first turn in the
 canon, around the second, and away to
 the desert.

  His burning, straining eyes photo-
graphed the (riotous scene as he looked
backward. High on a sliver of rock, seem-
ing to move with the swaying mountains,
a slim figure, with a puffing revolver in
the left hand, was carved. Even after a
filmy darkness settled down and blotted out
all else, that lone figure remained a darker
blot against the blackness.

(To be concluded next month.)
 CHECK 7- 8 7- 45.

BY EDGAR WELTON COOLEY.

There Was Something Doing in the Baggage and
Express Departments When Mr. Grimm Got Busy.

Mi S. GRIMM arose suddenly
from die dinner table and,
hastening into the adjoin-
ing room, took from her
„ ample purse a brass bag-
gage-check.

  “ In the excitement of my home-coming,
and of greeting you and the children, Mr.
Grimm,” she said, “ I quite forgot this; but
I wish, James”—Mrs. Grimm always used
his given name in addressing her husband
whenever she desired to add emphasis to her
remarks—“ I wish, James, you would have
my baggage sent up this afternoon—I want
to unpack it at once.”

  “ Your baggage? ” Mr. Grimm looked at
his wife interrogatingly. “ If I remember
aright, my dear, we brought your grip with

us in the auto. You did not take a trunk
with you, did you, Mrs. Grimm?”

  “ I am fully aware that what you say is
true, Mr. Grimm,” his wife replied impa-
tiently, “ but I have some baggage at the
station. It is a box, Mr. Grimm.”

  “A box?” James G. Grimm was evi-
dently surprised. “ Did you say it was a
box, Miriam?”

  “A box,” replied his wife severely. “A
common cracker-box. You see,” she ex-
plained further, Sister Jenevieve gave me
so many things for myself and the children
that I could not get them all in my grip.
So I put them in a box, put handles on the
box, and checked it.”

  “ How thoughtful! ” said Mr. Grimm.
“ I shall have the box brought up at once.”

IF I REMEMBER ARIGHT, MY DEAR, WE
BROUGHT YOUR GRIP WITH US
IN THE AUTO."

5 RR	641
642

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “Very well, James,” replied his wife
grimly. “ See that you do.”

  A half-hour later, James G. Grimm’s
auto stopped in front of the office of the
Fairfax Transfer Company, and Mr.
Grimm, with such dignity as naturally be-
came the president of the Security Savings
Bank, alighted from the machine and ap-
proached the desk, where a clerk greeted
him cordially. Mr. Grimm took the bag-
gage-check from his pocket and laid it upon
the counter,

   “ I wish,” he said pompously, “ you would
have that baggage taken to my house at
once. My wife is in a hurry.”

   “Certainly, certainly!” replied the clerk.
“Is it a grip, Mr. Grimm, or a trunk?”
“Neither,” replied Mr. Grimm. “It’s
a box.”

  “ A box? ” The clerk was gazing at him
curiously.

  “ A box,” reiterated Mr. Grimm. “ A
common cracker-box.”

  “Indeed?” said the clerk, a peculiar in-
tonation in his voice.

  Mr. Grimm’s face flushed. It had sud-
denly occurred to him that the clerk might
think he compelled his wife to check her
belongings in a box.

   “ Of course, it is none of your business,”
he vouchsafed rather curtly; “but I might
explain—”

  “ It isn’t necessary,” interrupted the
clerk.

  “ I might explain,” resumed Mr. Grimm,
“ that my wife was visiting her sister in
Dalton, and wishing to ship this box home,
she had handles put on it and checked it
as baggage.”

   “ I see,” smiled the clerk understanding-
ly. “Nothing like beating the express com-
pany when you can, eh, Mr. Grimm?”

  The clerk was a keen young man. Fur-
thermore, he was a brother of the local agent
of the express company which was one of
the heaviest depositors in the Security Sav-
ings Bank. Mr. Grimm began to feel de-
cidedly uncomfortable.

  “That wasn’t the reason at all,” he re-
turned. “ You see, my wife didn’t have her
trunk with her, and she had so many things
to bring home that she couldn’t get them all
in her grip—”

“ I see,” said the clerk for the second time.
For a moment Mr. Grimm continued to
stare at the clerk; then he went his way,
feeling that he would give a good deal to
know what the clerk was thinking about.

   Other matters, however,'so intruded them-
selves upon Mr. Grimm’s attention during
the afternoon that he did not give so much
as a passing thought to either Mrs.
Grimm’s baggage or the inquisitive transfer
clerk; but no sooner had lie entered his
home that evening than his wife greeted
him in an accusing voice.

  “James,” she called down to him from
the head of the stairs, “ why didn't you have
my baggage sent up ? ”

  Mr. Grimm paused and gazed up at her.
“ I did order it sent up,” he replied.
“ Didn’t it come?”

   “No,” replied his wife in evident ill hu-
mor. “ And James, the children are so anx-
ious to get the tilings Sister Jenevieve sent
them that the poor little dears won’t give
me a moment’s rest until the box comes.”
“Confound that talkative clerk!” broke
in Mr. Grimm hotly. “ If he’d ask less
questions and give more attention to busi-
ness—but just wait, my dear, I'll stir him
up as he never was stirred up before! ”

  A moment later Mr. Grimm was in com-
munication, over the wire, with the Fairfax
Transfer Company. On the part of Mr.
Grimm, at least, the conversation was ex-
ceedingly animated while it lasted; but pres-
ently the president of the Security Savings
Bank was compelled to temporarily discon-
tinue the transmission of vehement language
for the reason that there was no one listen-
ing at the other end of the wire.

  The clerk was making an investigation
of the cause of the delay in delivering Mrs.
Grimm’s baggage, during which Mr. Grimm
contented himself in scowling at the in-
offensive telephone and formulating, for
possible future use, a series of brand-new
remarks sufficiently tropical to blister at
ten paces.

  Presently the clerk announced the result
of the investigation. The reason, he con-
fided to Mr. Grimm, that Mrs. Grimm’s
cracker-box had not been transferred to the
Grimm mansion was because Mrs. Grimm’s
cracker-box had not arrived at the station.

  The transfer company, Mr. Grimm was
informed patronizingly, would keep a sharp
lookout for the box and immediately it
arrived—

   “ Bali! ” yelled Mr. Grimm over the wire.
“Why don’t you tell me the truth? Why
don't you admit that you forget to send a
man after it; that you overlooked it, or some-
thing like that? Why do you tell me it
hasn't come; because, of course, it has!”
CHECK' 7-87-45.

643

  “But really it hasn’t come,” persisted
the clerk.

  “ Bah! ” exclaimed Mr. Grimm for the
third time. “ Bah! ” And he hung up the
receiver with a loud noise.

  “James!” Mrs. Grimm had descended
the stairs and now stood facing him. “ Did
he say the box hasn’t come ? ”

  “Nonsense! said Mr. Grimm explo-
sively. “Stuff and nonsense, my dear!
That’s just a subter-
fuge to cover their
own mistake! ”

  “But, James, sup-
pose it is lost? Oh,
why did you trust
others to look after
it? Why didn’t you
go to the station
yourself?”

  “ Because the han-
dling of baggage be-
ing an important part
of the Fairfax
Transfer Company’s
business, my dear,”
began Mr. Grimm de-
fensively, “ I had rea-
son to believe that
they were competent
to attend to the mat-
ter; but I find I was
mistaken.”

  “Of course you
were mistaken,” re-
plied his wife com-
plainingly. “You are
always mistaken.

You are always do-
ing the wrong thing
when so much de-
pends on doing the
right.”

  “But, my dear,” expostulated Mr.
Grimm.

  “James!” Mrs. Grimm waxed impera-
tive. “ For goodness’ sake, don’t stand there
and argue matters! Go to the station at
once, Mr. Grimm, and have that baggage
brought me immediately!”

  “But it’s six o’clock,” expostulated the
president of the Security Savings Bank in a
weak voice; “and I’m hungry, Miriam.”

  His wife favored him with a withering
glance.

  “ Why,” she asked, “ must you always
give so much consideration to your stomach
and so little to other matters? Think of

our poor children fretting for their presents
and of that box that perhaps is lost! Oh,

please'get it, James! ”

  Mr. Grimm did not waste further words
on the unappreciative ears of his wife. In-
stead, he hastened out to his automobile,
cranked the machine, and was soon speed-
ing toward the station. A few moments
later he faced the baggageman at the Chi-
cago and Missouri River Depot.

  “Where,” he be-
gan impressively, “ is
my wife’s baggage? I
want it immediately.”
The baggage-mas-
ter did not seem over-
awed l)y Mr. Grimm’s
stern command. He
had been in the rail-
road business for ten
years, and had met
many occupants of
the seats of the
mighty. He calmly
raised his eyes to
those of the banker,
calmly held out his
hand, and calmly re-
marked:

  “ Let’s see your
check.”

 “Check?” Mr.
Grimm gasped. The
fact that he did not
have the check had
entirely slipped his
mind.

  “ The — the trans-
fer company has it,”
he stammered. “ But
you can at least tell
me whether the box
is here, can’t you ? ”
“Box? Did you say it was a box?”
The baggageman was regarding Mr. Grimm
curiously. “It is? Well!” He fastened
his keen, gray eyes upon the president of
the Security Savings Bank. “The freight
office is across the tracks.”

  Mr. Grimm’s anger began to flare. He
had come to find out about his wife’s bag-
gage, not to be informed on the location of
the various departments of the road.

  “ But it wasn’t shipped by freight—” he
began.

  “ Well! ” The baggage-master was still
regarding him intently. “ The express of-
fice is up-town.”

“SHE HAD HANDLES PCJT ON IT AND CHECKED
IT AS BAGGAGE."
644

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “But, confound it!” snapped Mr.
Grimm, “ I don’t care a continental where
the infernal express office is! The box
wasn’t shipped by express! It was sent as
baggage! Don’t you understand? Bag-
gage. It was checked! ”

  “Checked?” The baggage-master re-
garded him doubtfully. “ Didn’t you say it
was a box ? ”

  “Yes!” roared Mr. Grimm defiantly.

“ It was a box — a common cracker-box.
Didn’t you ever see a box checked ? ”

  “ I’ve seen boxes checked that had han-
dles on ’em,” admitted the baggageman;
“ but when they have handles they are
classed as trunks.”

  “ And who said my wife’s box didn’t have
handles?” snapped Mr. Grimm impatient-
ly. “It has!”

  “ But, virtually, all the boxes I ever saw
checked,” resumed the baggageman calmly,

“ belonged to emigrants. It would seem that
anybody could afford a trunk. You can get
a fairly good one for three ninety-eight.”

  Mr. Grimm plunged his hands into his
trousers-pockets and expanded his chest.

  “No doubt,” he said, regarding the bag-
gageman savagely, “you would like to have
me go into all the details and explain fully
how my wi fe was compelled to check a box;
but I shall not! I don’t see that it is any
of your business. I simply want
to know if the box is here! ”

   “ If you haven’t the check with
you,” replied the baggage-master
in a wholly unruffled manner,
“ perhaps you can give me the
number of it.”

  “The number? No, I didn’t
notice the number.”

   “ Then,” replied the other, turn-
ing his attention to a report he had
been making out, “how can you
expect me to give you any infor-
mation? As we handle between
five and six hundred pieces of
baggage every day, it is not
easy—”

  “Of course," snarled Mr.
Grimm, “ I didn’t expect you to
give me any information! I never
met a baggage-master who would!
I merely called because it seems to
be the custom of passengers having
baggage to make occasional in-
quiries! But since you insist upon
seeing my check, I will get it just
to prove to you that I have a
check. When I return—”

  He paused in the 3oorway to
glare threateningly at the bag-
gage-master,-who never raised his
eyes from his desk.

  When Mr. James G. Grimm
again entered the office of the
Fairfax- Transfer Company he
was not in a very amiable frame
of mind. He was accustomed to
dining punctually at six every evening, but
it was now six - thirty, and he had not had
his evening meal.

  The night clerk was answering a tele-
phone call, and Mr. Grimm was compelled
to wait until he was at liberty. The delay
did not awaken any cheerfulness upon the
part of the banker.

  “Give me that check!” he roared, when
the clerk advanced to the counter.

  The night clerk, not having been in the

“DO TRAMPS WEAR SILK HATS AMD RIDE IN
AUTOMOBILES ? "
\

CHECK 7-87-45.

645

employ of the transfer company to exceed
forty-eight hours, was rather timid, and the
sudden explosion upon the part of Mr.
Grimm startled him.

  “ Yea—yes, sir,” he replied confusedly.
“ Bag—baggage-check or bank-check, sir? ”
“ Baggage - check* ” thundered Mr.
Grimm, glad that at length he had discov-
ered some one he could overawe by the im-
portance of his personality. “The check
for my wife’s baggage I left here this aft-
ernoon.”

  “Ah, yes!’’ The clerk nervously turned
the pages of a big book. He was slowly
recovering his presence of mind. “ What is
the name, please?”

  The president of the Security Savings
Bank regarded the clerk pityingly. He was
wondering how any one could be so densely
ignorant.

  “ Grimm,” he replied presently, with all
the impressiveness he could command—
“ James G. Grimm.”

  “ Ah, yes! ” The clerk ran his finger
down one of the pages in the big book.
“ Grimm, Grimm—ah, yes, here it is!
Check No. 7—87—45—was that the
number ? ”

  “ How do I know ? ” growled Mr. Grimm
impatiently. “ If I knew, I wouldn’t be
here now. I would be at home enjoying a
hearty meal, instead of standing here wait-
ing for you to make up your mind to give
me that check.”

  “ Ah, yes! ” The clerk’s finger was fol-
lowing a written line. “Ah, yes! Driver
No. 7 reports baggage not arrived.”

  “Young man,” interposed Mr. Grimm,
conscious of renewed craving in the region
of his stomach. “ Young man, I didn’t come
here after the baggage; I came after that
check. If you will be kind enough to give
it to me, I will return to the station and get
the box myself.”

  “ Box ? ” The expression upon the night
clerk’s face suddenly changed. The light
of comprehension glimmered in his eyes.
“Did you say it was a box, Mr. Grimm?”
The president of the Security Savings
Bank sighed heavily.

  “Yes,” he almost gasped; “it is a box—
a cracker-box—it has handles on it—my
wife—”

  “ A box ? ” The young man closed the
big book with a bang. “ I have been look-
ing in the wrong book. I was thinking you
were inquiring about baggage, but if it is
freight—”

  “Who said it was freight?” roared Mr.
Grimm, pounding the counter with his fist.
“ Do I have to stand here stifling hunger
while I recite for your edification a com-
plete history of that box? Do I? I won’t!
I swear I won’t! I came after that check,
and I intend to have it! Now, young man,
are you going to give it to me? ”

  “ Ah, yes, the check—you want the
check? ”

  “Do I want it?” yelled Mr. Grimm, re-
garding the other vindictively. “ Heavens
and earth! Didn't I say I wanted it?
Didn’t I ask for it a half-hour ago?”

  “But why do you want the check?” ex-
postulated the clerk. “ You certainly can-
not get the box until it arrives. Our men
meet every train, and as soon as the box
comes—”

  “ Bah ! ” Mr. Grimm could scarcely con-
ceal his disgust. “I know it has come! I
know it has been here since eleven fifteen
this morning! If you think I am an easy
mark, that I can be held up for storage
charges so that the railroad and transfer-
companies may divide the spoils, you are
mistaken! For the third and/last time, I
will ask you for that check! ”

  “Ah, very well.” The clerk removed
from a nail on the end of the desk a large
hook from which dangled numerous checks
and tags. These he ran over hurriedly,
then returned the hook to its nail.

  “I am sorry,” he said, “but the check is
still in the possession of driver No. 7.”

  Mr. Grimm groaned and paced the floor
for a full minute. Then he turned to the
clerk.

  “And where,” he asked, “is driver
No. 7?”

  “ He is probably at supper,” replied the
night clerk. “ He lives—” He removed a
small book from a shelf and opened it.
“ He lives at 4705 Pine Street.”

  Mr. Grimm groaned again and glanced
at his watch. It was fifteen minutes of
seven.

  “ Very well! ” he said determinedly. “ I
am hungry. I have had nothing to eat since
noon, but I never undertake anything with-
out seeing it through. I shall go to No.
4705 Pine Street. I shall see driver No. 7,
and I shall get the check.”

  “ I wouldn’t,” began the clerk sympa-
thetically. “ He can get the box as quickly
as you—” '

  But the president of the Security Savings
Bank had departed.
646

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  As soon as he could cover the two and
a half miles that intervened, without vio-
lating the speed ordinance, Mr. Grimm
pounded upon the door at 4705 Pine Street.
A man answered the summons.

  “ Are you,” began Mr. Grimm, “ driver
No. 7 for the Fairfax Transfer. Company ?
You are? Very well! My name is Grimm
—James G. Grimm. I left a baggage-check
at the office shortly after noon. You report-
ed that the box had not arrived. You still
have that check. You will please give it
to me.”

  “A box?” Driver No. 7 was plainly
surprised. “ Did I understand you to say—”
“Stop!” Mr. Grimm-was breathing
heavily. “ It is a box with handles. It
was not shipped by either freight or express.
My wife checked it as baggage. She has a
trunk—in fact, she has several trunks; but
this is a box, a common cracker-box. Now
that I have supplied you with all the in-
formation at hand, will you please give me
that check ? ”

  “ But,’,’ began driver No. 7 doubtfully,
“how am I to know that you are Mr.
Grimm? How am I to know that you have
a right to the check? You see, the company
is responsible—”

   “ Heavens! ” groaned the president of the
Security Savings Bank desperately. “ Must
I identify myself out here in a part of town
where there isn’t a soul that knows me?
Man, I'm hungry! I haven’t had a bite
since noon! ”

  “You’re hungry, eh?” asked driver No.
7 suspiciously. “ Haven’t had anything to
eat since noon, eh ? And yet you would
have me believe that you are president of
the Security Savings Bank, would you?
Say, what’s your game, anyhow?”

  “What?” gasped Mr. Grimm, fairly
gnashing his teeth. “ Do you think I'm a
tramp? Do tramps wear silk hats and
ride in automobiles? What?”

  “ No,” admitted driver No. 7; “ but I
never heard of a bank president going hun-
gry in a town this size. You may be Mr.
Grimm,” he added soothingly, “ but, you
see, I must comply with the company’s rules.
I am not allowed to return baggage-checks
to strangers who have not been identified.
Anyway, the box hasn’t arrived. It can’t
come now until seven-thirty. You had bet-
ter go home and let us deliver the box as
soon as—”

  “No!” declared Mr. Grimm stubbornly.
“ I shall get it myself.”

  “All right,” said driver No. 7, glancing
at his watch. “ I’m due at the depot in a
half-hour. If you’ll meet me there and get
some one to vouch for you, I’ll give you
the check.”

  Mr. Grimm drew another long sigh.
“ Very well,” he said resignedly, “ And in
the meantime—by Jove! I’ll have time to
get a lunch."

  On this particular occasion fortune was
not kind to James G. Grimm. Scarcely had
he traveled three blocks when a tire burst
with a loud and disheartening report. Mr.
Grimm got out and ruefully surveyed the
damage. Then he glanced about him in
dismay.

  There was not a restaurant, or hotel, or
store, or any place wherein so much as a
cracker might be purchased. Nor was there
a car-line within five blocks!

  “ Heavens! ” exclaimed Mr. Grimm;
then he went in search of a telephone, which
he presently found.

  After some delay and much telephoning,
he secured a promise from a garage to send
a tire at once. A half-hour later—a half-
hour in which Mr. Grimm alternately paced
the street and swore and sat on the curbing
and gave himself up to bitter thoughts—the
tire arrived.

  Even then, notwithstanding Mr. Grimm’s
urgent and oft-repeated demands for haste,
another thirty minutes elapsed before he
could continue his journey.

  When he reached the station and stormed
into that portion of the depot allotted to
transfer-men, driver No. 7 was not in evi-
dence, nor could any of the odier drivers
give any information as to his probable
whereabouts.

  “Well.” declared Mr. Grimm violently,
“ this is a pretty way to do business, isn’t
it? It’s a conspiracy between the railroad
and transfer companies, but I sha’n’t be
held up! I swear, I sha’n’t! I'll show
’em!”

  Mr. Grimm was hungry; desperately
hungry. His hunger was growing more in-
tense every moment, but he pressed his lips
firmly together, climbed into his automobile,
and once more sped to the office of the Fair-
fax Transfer Company.

  The night clerk was still on duty, and he
smiled a greeting to Mr. Grimm. Unfor-
tunately, he could give the banker no infor-
mation. Driver No. 7 had not been at the
office since Mr. Grimm was last there. Re-
garding check No. 7—S7—45, the night
CHECK 7-87-45.

647

WEEK!"

 mulct me for storage charges. The transfer
 company refuses to surrender your check!
 But I’ll show ’em! I’ll show ’em! I’ll
 swear out a warrant! I’ll have an attach-
 ment issued! I'll—”

  “Janies!” The wife spoke cOmmand-
ingly. “What in the world is the matter
with you, Mr. Grimm?”

 clerk knew nothing further than that it must
 still be in the hands of driver No. 7.

   Mr. Grimm visited his wrath upon the
night clerk. Without reservatioL, he freely
expressed his opinion of the Fairfax Trans-
fer Company and every one connected with
it, and, finally, after threatening sufficient
civil and criminal actions to have caused a

legal shark to hug himself to death, he
turned his machine homeward.

  Every throb of his auto increased the in-
tensity of his anger; every whiff of gasoline
added fuel to the flames of his overwhelm-
ing indignation; so that, when he reached
his home, he was little less than a raging
volcano.

  Perspiring at every pore, he burst into the
astonished presence of his wife.

  “ Miriam! ” he cried. “ There’s a con-
spiracy to defraud—a deep-laid plot to

  “What’s the matter?” Mr. Grimm was
pacing the floor like a wild animal. “It’s
your box! They won’t let me have it! ”
“My box? Mr. Grimm, why will you
persist in always working yourself into a
frenzy over nothing? The box is.here.
The transfer-man brought it a half-hour
ago. It came on the seven-twenty express.”
Mr. Grimm sank wearily into a chair and
dried his moist brow. Presently he said:
“Heavens, Miriam! Is dinner ready?
I—I haven’t eaten for a week!”

VALUE OF AN APPRENTICESHIP.

THERE is nothing that will ever take the place
of an apprenticeship. There is no trade-
school or training-school in the country that will
turn out young men or boys who are capable of
entering a shop and competing with the average
mechanic; while they may be taught considerable
“ book learning,” their practical instruction must,
of necessity, be limited. There is nothing that
will take the place of practical experience. Manu-

al training in our public schools may bring out
the talent, may display the genius, but the fra-
ternities and sororities of our high school system
have made too many boys, who are natural-born
mechanics, “ shun ” the actual work, and dread
the thought of an apprenticeship, it not being in
keeping with the social and snobbish ideas gained
from the fraternities and societies while passing
through high school.—American Engineer.
I

WE like to be as useful to our readers as we can; but, because of the great popularity of
this department, we are forced to impose certain restrictions. It is limited to the
answering of questions of an informative, technical, or historical nature only. -Letters
concerning positions WILL NOT be answered in this department. All letters should be signed
with the full name of the writer, as an indication of his good faith. We will print only his initials.

CAN you explain the path of the current from
the trolley-wire of an electric car through
the gearing, and how it produces speed?—
W. O. McD., Yates Center, Kansas.

  Electric currents for railway purposes are gen-
erated in a machine called a dynamo. The dyna-
mo is very much like a large motor in construction.
It is driven by a steam engine and gives out a
current of electricity. The current flows out of
the machinc at the positive or (-)-) end through
the machines that are being driven, and back to
the dynamo, which enters at the negative or (—)
end. The path that the current follows, made up
of the dynamo, the trolley-wire, the car wiring
and motor, the track return circuit to the dynamo,
is known as the circuit, also any path that the
current follows is known as a circuit.

  For instance, the wiring of a car is known as the
car-circuit, and the path that the current takes
within the armature of a motor is known as the
armature-circuit. To describe simply the prin-
ciple on which the action is based, it may be said
that a magnet is a piece of iron or steel which
lias the property of attracting other pieces of iron
or steel. The two ends of a magnet are different.
They will both attract iron, but if one end of a
single magnet is suspended by a string at the
middle, the following facts will be noted: If we
call the ends of the first magnet No. 1 and No. 2,
and the ends of the second magnet No. 3 and

No. 4, then, if No. 3 is brought near to No. 2
they will attract each other, but if No. 3 be
brought near No. 1 they will repel each other.
Also No. 4 will attract No. 1. but will repel No. 2.

  This shows that there must be some difference
between the ends of the magnets or they, would
act alike. This attraction and repulsion between
magnets is the principle on which electric motors
are built. In fact, the electric consists of a
stationary magnet or “ field," and a movable
magnet, or “ armature,"’ attached to- a shaft or
axle. The field and armature are so arranged
that they cannot touch each other, though' the
armature can revolve very near the field. The
moving magnet is drawn to the fixed magnet,
and just as it arrives the current is turned off so
that it flies past.

  As soon as it passes the center of the field, the
current is turned on again in the opposite direc-
tion, so that they now repel each other. And so
on, as long as the current flows, the movable ar-
mature is kept revolving. This turns the shaft
and the shaft turns the car-axle. The main parts
of a street railway motor are a field-magnet. which
is stationary, and a revolving armature. The field-
magnet is composed of an iron or a steel casting,
which has a certain quantity of insulated wire
wound around it. The electricity passing through
this field, or wire-coil, magnetizes the iron, creating
magnetic poles.

648

WHAT’S THE ANSWER?

By

Ligk<

fke

Questions
Answered
for
Men
BY THE LIGHT OF THE LANTERN.

649

   The revolving armature is composed of thin
 disks of soft sheet iron, firmly bolted together and
 fitted on a shaft; this being the armature-core.
 This is dressed up in a machine-shop and wound
 with a certain number of turns of insulated wire,
 which are connected together so as to form one
 continuous wire, passing lengthwise around the
 core. Before the armature is wound, the core is
 thoroughly insulated with the best of insulating
 material; this is a very important factor in the
 construction of an armature, as defective insula-
 tion would cause the windings to ground on the
 core, in which case the armature would have to
 be stripped and rewound again.

   The shaft upon which the armature is built
 furnishes both a support and a means of trans-
 mitting the power of the armature to the wheels,
 by means of its pinion meshing with a gear on
 ' the truck-axle. The winding of the armature is
 the most vital part, as it is in this, as in the
 field magnets, that the current sets up the force
 that causes the motion of the wheels of the car.
 When a wire, carrying a current, is brought in
 front of a pole of a magnet, a force is experienced
 which tends to drive the wire sideways from the
 magnet, and this is what takes place in an electric
 motor. When the windings of an armature, car-
 rying current, come in front of a pole-piece of
 the field-magnet, they are forced away and the
 armature is kept revolving as long as the current
 flows. On the end of the armature-shaft is a
 pinion which meshes into a large gear-wheel keyed
 on the truck-axle. In this way an electric car is
 propelled. There are, of ccmrse, many other de-
 tails which lack of space prevents. The general
 subject is very interesting and is worthy of con-
 siderable study in view of the tremendous de-
 velopment which is so characteristic of electric
 railways at present.

£

RD. S., Amhurst, Massachusetts.—A man of

•	thirty-four years is *oo old to assume the
 duties of a locomotive fireman, at least, it is so
 viewed by the majority of master mechanics, who
 naturally are somewhat chary in accepting an
 applicant of that age when they know he will
 scarcely have the incentive to work which would
 be possessed by a younger man. There may, of
 course, be exceptions to this view, but we feel
 pretty safe in asserting that there are none.
 Your height and weight are acceptable for the
 position of express-messcnger, but we fear that
 in this field your age will again prove a barrier
 to entering the service. Apply to the division
 superintendent of the express company of your
 choice. His address can be obtained from the
 ticket-agent in your town.

*5*

JA. C., Philadelphia.—The rather interesting

•	calculations which we offered in the Feb-
 ruary number of The Railroad Man’s Magazine
 in regard, to the cost of stopping a train, represent
 the compilation of innumerable calculations on
 the part of various railroads and technical col-

 leges and are approximately correct; but it would
 be assuming too much to consider them infallible.
 We did not calculate them ourselves, and are glad
 that we did not, as life is most too short for such
 elaborate research without the certainty of definite
 results. Nothing has been done so far—at least
 we have not been so apprised—along the lines
 of computing the cost of starting a train.

J*

IF a locomotive is placed with right main-rod
just far enough past the forward center to
open the front steam-port and admit steam
in the front end of the cylinder, and then the back
end of the main-rod be disconnected and placed
against a solid post, the steam-ports on the left
side covered and the throttle opened, will the en-
gine move ahead the length of the guides pro-
vided that the post does not break off?—G. W. V.,
Douglas, Arizona.

  Yes, without a shadow of doubt.

LE. Garber, Missouri, and others.—The stand-

•	ard code of whistle-signals on the loco-
motive-whistle makes no provision for three short
blasts while the train is running, and no such sig-
nal is embodied in the code of the New York,
New Haven and Hartford, the Erie, and many
other prominent trunk lines, whose names need
not be repeated. Understand, however, that the
standard code is by no means mandatory or in-
fallible, and there is no law to say that a rail-
road cannot make any subtraction therefrom or
addition thereto which it may desire or which
circumstances may dictate'. In endeavoring to
make these replies as concise and as accurate as
possible to cover general conditions, we are com-
pelled to quote uniform procedure if it exists.
You will readily recognize the absurdity of con-
fining to a single road. If the road or roads which
you mention employ such a signal, although there
is nothing to forbid, we can assure you that it is
not a signal employed to any extent. We had
never heard of it until you brought it to our
attention.

THE oil used in railroad men’s lanterns is
called signal-oil. Can you tell me of what
this oil is made, and if it can be made by
any one?—C. M. S., Omaha, Nebraska.

  It is made of two parts kerosene to one part
lard-oil. Some favor equal parts of the two oils
in compounding the mixture, but that first men-
tioned may be regarded as the standard formula.
If the oil embodies a larger percentage of lard-
oil, the wick of the lamp is extremely likely to
char, as its capillary attraction is lessened through
the higher specific gravity. Any one can make
signal-oil. Simply pour it together in the pro-
portion indicated.

GD. F., Raleigh, North Carolina.—The term

•	“ copperhead ” was first applied to a loco-
motive in connection with those turned out from
650

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

/

the old Grant Locomotive Works in Paterson,
New Jersey. The appellation arose from the fact
that for some years the standard Grant engines
had steam-domes lagged with polished brass.
This, we think, is the true explanation of the
name. If it has cropped out subsequently to that
row somewhat remote period, we will have to
leave further explanation in the hands of some
of our good friends.

■J*

HP. S., Cincinnati.—So long as you are re-

•	siding in Cincinnati, we would advise
you to get the information desired first hand from
the Cincinnati, Hamilton and Dayton offices. We
have a fair grip on the pulse of the railroad situa-
tion, but it is somewhat beyond us to enter into
historical details regarding an individual engine
of the fifty thousand and odd which enter into
the scheme'of American railroading. The Balti-
more and Ohio Railroad is credited with the most
elaborate and instructive exhibit at the St. Louis
World’s Fair.

HOW many miles of track and how many lo-
comotives has the Canadian Northern Rail-
way ?

  (2)	Are the Canadian Northern, the Canadian
Northern Ontario, and the Canadian Northern
Quebec all owned by the Canadian Northern
Railway?

  (3)	Is the Canadian Northern Railway con-
trolled by any other railroad?—T. S. S., Superior,
Wisconsin.

•' (L) The Canadian Northern is 3,215 miles
long, has 325 locomotives and 11,669 cars.

  (2)	The Canadian Northern and the Canadian
Northern Ontario are practically merged; at least
so far as the general impression exists in rail-
road circles. - William MacKenzie, and D. B.
Mann, both of Toronto, Ontario, arc respectively
president and vice-president of both companies,
and this also applies to D B. Hanna, third vice-
president. We worked for some time pn your
query, and could not secure facts, but the above
is the inference, whicfT'is about all we can do at
this writing. The Canadian Northern Quebec is
practically independent of the above.

  (3)	It does not appear to be, the general im-
pression Wing that it is independent. It might
be well to say that, before dismissing this par-
ticular question, the actual control of certain rail-
roads is a matter somewhat involved in obscurity.
It is a fairly safe rule to follow when two roads
have the same president and general officers to
assign a control between one or the other, but
the exact nature of the control, or whether repre-
sented by a long time lease or an actual purchase,
can be satisfactorily answered only by an execu-
tive of the company. We can recall instances
where the president of one road served in the same
capacity on another with absolutely no community
of financial interests present, but, of course, this
is a positive exception. The logical inference in
such cases would be that the two roads were

practically consolidated, and that the same policies
were being followed in the instance of each.

■Jt

WHICH is the longest long and short distance
run in the world? Has-the United-States
any run to beat the speed of the Paris-
Calais boat-train of the French Northern Rail-
road, described in your February number?

  (2) What is the length and weight of the
Santa Fe Mallet compound locomotive, No. 1701?
—J. P. K., Streator, Illinois.

  (1)	The fastest short distance runs in the
world are from Camden, New Jersey, to Atlantic
City, New Jersey, by either the West Jersey and
Seashore (Pennsylvania) or by the Atlantic-City
(Reading). The distance by the former, 59 miles,
and the time, 52 minutes; speed, 68.1 miles per
hour. By the Reading the distance is 55.5 miles,
and the time 50 minutes: speed, 66.6 miles per
hour.

  The fastest middle long distance run is New
York to Buffalo over the New York Central and
Hudson River Railroad, 440 miles in 8 hours and
15 minutes, or at the rate of 53.3 miles per hour.

  The fastest long distance run is New York to
Chicago, made in 18 hours by both the New
York Central and Lake Shore and Michigan
Southern, and the Pennsylvania railroads. The
distance by the former is 964 nvles made at an
average speed of 53.5 miles per hour, and by the
Pennsylvania, 905 miles at an average speed of
50.9 miles per hour.

  The fastest runs in England are from London
to Glasgow, 403 miles in 8 hours and 15 minutes;
London to Bristol, 118 miles in 120 minutes,
59 2 miles per hour, and several others. It will
be noted that although the average English run-
ning time is very high, the runs are shorter.

  The Paris-Calais boat-train is a straightaway
dash of 195 miles, which is scheduled to be made
in 195 minutes without a single stop.

  The longest non-stop run in this country on a
fast schedule is from Toledo, Ohio, to Elkhart,
Indiana, on the L. S. and M. S., 160 miles, on
which the running time is some less than in the
above quoted instance. There is, of course, a
considerable discrepancy in weights behind the
tender, that of the Twentieth Century Limited
occasionally rising to 1,000 tons, while that of
the Paris-Calais boat-train seldom exceeding 450
tons. In the mere question of speed, however,
this latter train can easily claim supremacy over
the railroads of the world for that distance..

  (2)	See reply to T. F. A., this issue.

■*

WHO is the youngest superintendent on a
steam surface road, and what was his
age at time of promotion?—F. A. B., El
Paso, Texas.

  The youngest one we know is not sufficiently
youthful for his age to excite any particular com-
ment, therefore, we hardly think that its mention
would serve your purpose. A moment's reflection
BY THE LIGHT OF THE LANTERN.

651

should convince you of our inability to reply to
such a question, notwithstanding our varied
resources.

ML. M., New York City.—To become an

•	expert telegrapher is dependent, of
course, on one's ability to learn. Before you can
send and receive with equal facility, -or, in other
words, become qualified to assume charge of a
small office, might require from nine months to
two years. The average, time required is about
eighteen months. It depends very largely on your-
self, no matter what painstaking instruction you
may receive. The pay varies with the field,
whether mercantile or railroading, with the pre-
ponderance of favor inclining toward the former.
On all railroads, a rigid eye test is given on en-
tering the service. The hours of duty are fixed
on railroads at nine hours, if the nine-hour law
is observed. The Order of Railroad Telegraphers
is the official organization.

Jt

HAS a wireless operator any more privileges
than a railroad telegrapher? Aboard ship,
has he anv more privileges than a seaman?
—R. B. P., D. and H. R. R.

  A railroad operator goes home when his trick
is finished. He is free until it comes around
again. You will, no doubt, grasp the point that
a man in the same capacity on shipboard is
practically working all the time, so long as only
one operator is carried, which is usually the case.

  The wireless man at sea must sleep in proximity
to his instruments, so that he may be in readiness
to handle any call which may- come in. His
operating-room is fitted with a bunk, and there
are various other conveniences for his comfort.
The pay averages about $50 per month and board.
There is no comparison whatever between this
work and that of a seaman. The wireless operator
is well taken cijre of; has no menial work to per-
form and his duties are light and pleasant. The
pay would not exactly appeal to some of us, but
when it is remembered that what is earned is
absolutely clear, it may not be so bad after all.
The drawbacks are being away from home all
the time, and being constantly on duty, but there
are compensating advantages.

-it

EW. R., Chelsea, Massachusetts.—Write to

•	J. B. Berry, Chief Engineer, Chicago,
Rock Island and Pacific Railway, Chicago, Illi-
nois, and he will no doubt take pleasure in sup-
plying you with the information desired in con-
nection with the Rock Island and other bridges
across the Mississippi River.

.Jt

WHAT is the largest engine in the United
States? What is its general description?

         (2)	What railroad has the steepest
grade? How many pounds can the largest engine

in that particular company’s service haul up that
grade?—T. F. A., San Rafael, California.

  (1)	The Mallet articulated compound loco-
motive No. 1700, built by the Baldwin Locomo-
tive Works early in 1910, is the largest locomotive
of that or any other type yet to be constructed.
It has driving-wheels 63 inches in diameter, and
weighs, independent of its tender, 462,450 pounds.

  The total weight including the tender is ap-
proximately 350 tons. The boiler is 7 feet in
diameter, works under a pressure of 220 pounds,
and has a total heating surface, including the
feed-water heater, of 6,631 square feet. There
arc also 1,745 square feet of superheating and
reheating surface. There are two high-pressure
cylinders, 26 inches diameter by 34 inches stroke,
connected to eight coupled drivers, 63 inches in
diameter, and two low - pressure cylinders, 38
inches in diameter by 34 inches stroke. In all prob-
ability this locomotive will not be exceeded in
total weight for a very long time—if ever. The
impression seems now current among prominent
motive-power men that the limit has been reached
with the big engine, and that a reaction is in-
evitable. Those constructed since the advent of
this locomotive, display a marked tendency to-
ward reversion to a lighter type, and this will no
doubt shortly follow.

  (2)	The steepest grade is on the El Paso
and Southwestern Railroad, which runs from Al-
mogordo to Cloudcroft, New Mexico. Some of
it rises four feet in one hundred, and there is
one portion where the grade is five feet in the
one hundred. It is also replete with any number
of very short curves. We have no reliable figures
on the tonnage hauled.

CAN Westinghouse E. T., independent brake-
valve be used on an engine equipped with
Westinghouse automatic D-6 brake-valve?

  (2)	If you break the main-pin on an eight-
wheel engine, and have to take down the main-rod
on one side, would it be possible to take the engine
to the terminal over level track under her own
steam?

  (3)	What type of engine is the tandem com-
pound, and ten-wheel connected with pony-truck
and trailer, such as used on the Santa Fe in New
Mexico ?

  (4)	Docs a trailer change the type of an en-
gine?—J. L. W., Canon City, Colorado.

  (1)	Yes, the independent brake-valve can be
applied to the D-6 equipment with little change
in that arrangement.

  (2)	In case a main-pin should break, or any
other failure should occur which would require
all rods on that side to come down, you can safely
leave up the side rod on the working side of the
engine without causing any further damage, for
the reason that the power is applied to that side
of the engine only, and the pin must be either
above or below the center to enable the engine to
move, and they will all be sure to move in one
direction. This applies equally to any type of
652

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

connected engine as well as the eight-wheel class.
No harm will result to the driving-boxes, and
the wheels will trail all right on the dead side.
This may be a slight deviation from general
practise, but it will work, and will save taking
down the side rod on the good side, in addition
to giving the engine two wheels to come in with
instead of one.

  (3)	Types of locomotives are now generally
designated according to Whyte's classification,
which lias been repeatedly referred to and ex-
plained in this department. It is based on a
combination of numbers representing the arrange-
ment of the wheels. For instance, the eight-
wheel connected engine which you mentioned
above was formerly called the. American type but
is now “4-4-0.” In other words, it has a four-
wheel truck, which explains the first number;
four connected driving-wheels, which explains the
second number, and no trailer-truck, so a cipher
is added. A tandem compound engine is or was
generally built with a two-wheel leading-truck,
five connected drivers, and no trailer, hence

2-10-0, and others, particularly on the Santa Fe,
were 2-10-2. The ten-wheel connected engine-
with a pony-truck and trailer which you mention
is 4-6-2, or the now well-known Pacific type,
which is used very extensively for heavy passen-
ger work.

- (4) The addition of a trailer changes the type
of a locomotive through the addition of the third
number to the classification, as explained above.

WHAT is the fastest time that has been made
by the Pennsylvania Railroad between Chi-
cago and New York?

  (2)	How much of the Pennsylvania Railroad
is double-tracked between Pittsburgh and St.
Louis, and also between Harrisburg, Pennsylvania,
and Baltimore, Maryland?

  (3)	What is the fastest time made by regular
Pennsylvania trains between Baltimore and Wash-
ington?—C. B., Andover, Massachusetts.

  (1)	An eastbound eighteen-hour train, in the
summer of 1905, is said to have covered the dis-
tance in less than sixteen hours actual running
time, a number of delays having occurred. The
Pennsylvania's eighteen-hour train began running
June 11, 1905, and that of the Lake Shore and
Michigan Southern and the New York Central
one week later.

  (2)	All of it.

  (3)	Fifty-two minutes.

PS., Pittsburgh.—The principal railroads en-

•	tering Pittsburgh from the east are the
Baltimore and Ohio and the Pennsylvania Rail-
roads.

sS*

CE. L., Zion Station, Kentucky.—So long as

•	there is a positive meet-order between
engines 1147 and 1150 at “ G,” there would not
appear to be much chance to raise a question of
any kind. The first engine arriving there must

remain indefinitely for the other, as we under-
stand your question. If this understanding is in
error, we would be pleased to hear from you
again.

HOW—fiiany miles of road "is operated by the
Atchison, Topeka and ’Santa Fe Railway?

        (2) How many engines have they, and
how many of them are Mallet compounds?

  (3)	Give a description of the Santa Fe pas-
senger-engine 14S5, and of freigfit-engine 1170.

  (4)	What other roads in Texas have as large
a passc-nger-engine as the Santa Fe 1200 class?—
J. E. B., Justin, Texas.

  (1)	9,114 miles, as compiled from the latest
report which has come to hand from the Inter-
state Commerce Commission.

  (2)	1,611 locomotives on the Santa Fe proper,
421 on the Coast Lines, and 282 on operated lines,
total. 2,314. There are 45 Mallet compounds.

  (3)	Engine 1485 is the heaviest Atlantic
(4-4-2) locomotive yet to be constructed. It
was recently completed by the Baldwin Locomo-
tive Works for the Santa Fe, and weighs, in work-
ing order, 231,675 pounds. With the tender in-
cluded, also in working order, the total weight
is 405,000 pounds. This engine embodies the
peculiarity of outside steam-pipes from the boiler
to the cylinders, and also an outside dry-pipe
arranged along the top center line of the boiler
from the steam-dome to the smoke-box. The
principal dimensions are as follows: Tractive
effort, 23,800 pounds: weight on drivers, 112.125
pounds; wheel-base (driving) 6 feet 10 inches;
wheel-base, total, 32 feet 8 inches: wheel-base,
engine and tender, 61 feet 1 inch; cylinders, com-
pound, 25 inches, simple, 15 inches; stroke of
cylinders, 26 inches; diameter of driving-wheels
over tires, 73 inches; thickness of driviiyj-tires;
3J/> inches; diameter of main driving-joumal
10 inches; diameter of rear driving-.iournal, 9
inches; diameter of engine truck-wheels, 3V/z
inches; diameter of trailer-wheels, 47 inches; total
boiler heating surface, 2,SOS square feet; number
and outside diameter of boiler-tubes, 273 tubes,
2J4 inches in diameter, working steam-pressure,
220 pounds.

  Engine 1170 is a Mallet articulated locomotive
with a rigid boiler, thus distinguishing it from
two others recently built by the Baldwin Works
which have “flexible” boilers, so called. The
total weight of the 1170 is 365^900 pounds, of
which 295,000 pounds is carried on the drivers.
The total weight of-the engine and tender in
working order, is 535,000 pounds. The principal
dimensions are as follows: Driving-wheel base,
37 feet 10 inches; rigid-wheel base. 13 feet 8
inches; total engine-wheel base, 56 feet 5 inches:
total wheel-base, engine and tender, 89 feet 3
inches; diameter of cylinders, high-pressure, 24
inches; low-pressure, 3S inches; stroke of cylinders,
2S inches; diameter of driving-wheels over tires.
69'inches; thickness of driving-tires, 3T/> inches:
diameter of main driving-journals, 10 inches;
diameter of other driving-joumals, 9 indies;
BY THE LIGHT OF THE LANTERN.

653

 diameter of engine-truck wheels, 3V/\ inches;
 total boiler healing surface, 5,126 square feet;
 number and outside diameter of boiler-tubes, 294
 tubes, 2^4 indies diameter; working steam-pres-
 sure, 220 pounds per square inch. The tender
 contains 9,000 gallons of water, and 12 tons of
 coal.

   (4)	We do not know of any other roads in
 Texas using larger engines than the class men-
 tioned.

CN, South Range, Wisconsin.—The master

•	mechanic you probably have in mind on
 the Minneapolis, St. Paul and Sault Ste. Marie
 Railway, is E. Foster, Assistant, Thief River
 Falls, Minnesota. The Chicago and Northwestern
 power on the train you mention is somewhat lar-
 ger and heavier.

   We cannot comment on the advantages of such
 a course in this department. The average pay for
 an extra fireman, as we have frequently said, de-
 pends on the length of the run which he may
 liappen to catch. There is no hard and fast rule
 about it; nothing but mileage. Bring it up with
 the next fireman you may happen to meet, and
 he will be very glad to make it all clear to you.

 OW many railroads operate in Alaska?

   (2)	Is there any position for trainmen
 on those lines?—J. E. S., Grand Island,
 Nebraska.	•

   (1)	Tanana Valley, 45 miles, 3-foot gage, 4
 locomotives and 30 cars. A. P. Tyson, general
 manager, Chena Alaska; Copper River and North-
 western, 131 miles, 4 feet 85-2-inch gage, 15 loco-
 motives, 289 cars. E. C. Hawkins, general mana-
 ger, Seattle, Washington; Alaska Northern 71
 miles, 4 feet 8^-inch gage, 3 locomotives, 40 cars.
 O. G. Laberee, general manager, Spokane, Wash-
 ington; White Pass and Yukon Route, 118 miles,

 3-feet gage, 13 locomotives, 252 cars. A. I,. Ber-
 doe, general manager, Vancouver, British Colum-
 bia.

   (2)	We have no information on this point.
 You can settle "the question readily enough by
 corresponding with any or all of the gentlemen
 whose names are mentioned above.

■J*

EH., Eugene, Oregon.—Again we must repeat

•	that it is not consistent with the policy
 adopted to comment on, criticize, or condemn any
 educational institution of the character to which
 you refer. This is a very wise course, if you will
 think it over, because, in the first place, we have
 absolutely no information concerning any of them,
 and it would be a manifest injustice to you if we
 should offer counsel, as the school which you
 have in mind might be just in the position to do
 a great deal for you. Your best plan would be
 to write frankly to the principal, or whoever is
 in charge, and ask him just what he has to
 promise in return for a course. It would also be
 well to supplement this by a talk with one of the

 graduates You can learn then, direct, what
 benefit accrued to him. We can. of course, un-
 hesitatingly remark that so long as these various
 schools teach the theory as thoroughly as they do.
 they must have a considerable value. The science
 of various branches of railroading is not gone into
 to any extent on the railroads with their em-
 ployees and it is a mighty good thing to'know.

   (2) Railroad biakemen do not have to work
 in the roundhouse before going on the road,
 unless they choose to accept* some preliminary
 employment therein. The two services are en-
 tirely distinct, belonging to different departments.

SF., Toledo, Ohio.—Simply address him as
• superintendent of the Asbury Park, New
Jersey, Street Railway, and the letter will be de-
livered. We haven't his name.

 IS there a standard height for locomotives? In
 other words, what is the extreme height from
 the rail to the top of the stack, dome, or
 whistle? 1 have been informed that 15 ft. 8 in.
 is the standard.—G. F. B., Shreveport, Louisiana.

    There is no standard. It varies with the clear-
 ances of the different roads. From our records
 we find that 15 feet 8 inches is the maximum,
 and this is permissible on the Norfolk and
 Western Railroad. On some roads it is as low
 as 14 feet 6 inches, measurement taken from rail
 to top of stack always.

 ARE railway mail clerks carried free in die
       mail-cars when off duty?—O. J. S., Tiffin.

        Ohio.

   No. They are provided with passes over the
 line or territory of their route, as a rule, and
 when deadheading, ride in the passenger-cars.

               I

 JT. R., London, Canada.—The Pennsylvania
 • Railroad system, including all leased and
 controlled lines, has a mileage of 11,128; locomo-
 tives, 6,585; freight-cars, 256,481; passenger-cars.
 5,585, and miscellaneous cars, 6,181; total num-
 ber of cars, 268,247. In regard to the train-
 mileage, and statistics on the passengers carried
 annually, this will have to be secured from J. W.
 Lee, Jr., publicity agent of the Pennsylvania Rail-
 road, Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. If he has not
 the figures at hand, he will no doubt \be in a
 position to direct you to where the information
 can be obtained.

£

RB, South Manchester, Connecticut.—Pas-
 • senger trainmen, as a rule, are hired in
 that capacity. They replace the position formerly
 designated as brakeman. The way it is generally
 worked in the East, should they desire to aspire
 to a conductor’s job, they will have to go on
 freight as a brakeman, and work up to passenger-
654 -

/

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

conductor through freight-flagman and freight-
conductor.

  (2)	Two electric locomotives coupled together,
but with single control, are used on the through
trains of the New York, New Haven and Hart-
ford Railroad.

EM. B., Fostoria, Ohio.—The Baltimore and

•	Ohio Railroad has 3,4-46 miles of road,
1,915 locomotives; £3,335 freight-cars; 1,168 pas-
senger-cars; 2,942 miscellaneous cars; total, 87,-
445 cars. Engines 1700 and 1701 of the Atchi-
son, Topeka and Santa Fe are the largest freight-
engines in use. See reply lo T. F. A., this month.
These two engines are over 100,000 pounds heavier'
than the Baltimore and Ohio Mallet compound,
which works on Sand Patch grade in Pennsyl-
vania. This was the first engine of the type to
be constructed in this country. The 1700 and the
1701 are about one year old each.

S

1AM seventeen years old and want to learn
locomotive engineering. Where would be the
best place to start?

  (2)	How much does an engineer get for a
regular passenger run of one hundred miles?

  (3)	What are the notches in the quadrant of

the reverse-lever used for when they are all the
way around the quadrant?—C. W. U., Philadel-
phia.

  (1)	On the road. Commence as a fireman, or,
if the master mechanic considers you too young,
try to get in as an apprentice machinist during
the interval. In all probability, after you have
finished serving your time, you will forget your
first intention.

  (2)	From $3.50 to as high as $5.50 for the
hundred miles, depending on the agreement which
his organization has with the company,.and the
class of power which he runs.

  (3)	They are used to hold the latch of the
reverse-lever in order that it may remain in any
selected place in the quadrant. , The notches
from the center forward are all go-ahead notches,
and those from the center back, vice versa. As
the lever is gradually drawn up from the forward
comer, or starting point, as the engine gains in
speed the steam “ cuts off" shorter; in other
words, it does not follow the piston so far in the
cylinders before the valve closes the admission-
port. The remainder of the stroke after this
closing is effected by the expansive force of the
steani; thus a great saving in steam is made over,
allowing it to follow the piston at the initial
pressure to the end of the stroke.

  STORY OF A

“T WAS lately on a train,” observed the timid

  A passenger, “ that went so fast it was dan-
gerous to look out of the window, as you were
likely to have your eyesight broken off and carried
away. Why, the very farmhouses looked like the
street of a village, they came so fast, and the hind
car-wheels touched the rails only once in a while.

  “ There was not a particle of noise to be heard,
because the train got far ahead of it, and people
along the track said the noise kept about a mile
back. The dust didn't have time to get up and
dust until the train had got far away, and the
way it then got up and dusted was a warning.
The telegraph-poles were not visible, and the very
sunbeams did not have a chance to get in the
windows, and, of course, the shadow of the cars
kept something like a mile and a quarter in the
rear. Our watches got all out of time, as we flew
westward so fast that we got clear ahead of the
sun. The friction of the air took all the paint
off the outside of the cars, and hats were sucked
up through the ventilators. If you had dropped
a book it would not have touched the floor until
it had reached the back of the car, while flies
were dashed against the rear end of the codch and
killed. Of course, the people could not see the

FAST* TRAIN.

train at all, and were continually driving into
it at the crossings, but they didn't know., any
better before or afterward. It was thought that
lightning struck them, as they didn’t know what
else it was, and people along the line said th^
train left a tunnel in the air which did not fill up
for half an hour, while the air was hot from fric-
tion. If you would foolishly point your finger
out of the window at anything it would be taken
off as slick as a knife by the solidified air. We
went through a terrible rainstorm, but not a drop
touched the train. It didn’t get a chance. Sev-
eral bolts of lightning went for us, but fell a mile
or two short.

   “ The rear brakeman fell off the car, but the suc-
tion kept him following right behind, and they
reached out and pulled him in all right but quite
dizzy-headed. At one place a bridge had been
washed away, but that did not interfere at all, for
we jumped the chasm and went on as if nothing
had been wrong. The most wonderful thing about
it was, that night we witnessed the phenomenon of
the sun setting in the east, a sight never before
witnessed, we had traveled so much ahead of it.
That was the fastest ride I ever took.”—Detroit
Free Press.
 DR, JOURDAN’S MYSTERY

BY C. W. BEELS.

              The Doctor Paves the Way for the Experi-
              ment That Is to Change Young Halliwell.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

RICHARD ROBERT JOURDAN, M.D., a stranger in New York, takes up his residence with
Mr. and Mrs. Phelan, the former a police sergeant. The doctor, a young, studiQus fellow, has
a pet theory in regard to his profession which he has not been able to put into practise owing
to his poverty and obscurity. He is instrumental in saving Colonel Nugent, a Western mining man,
from an accident, and, later, attends the colonel during his convalescence. He confides his theory
to Nugent, and Jourdan discovers that the colonel is acquainted with Mr. Halliwell, one of the rich
men of the city, whose young son is a cleptomaniac. A cure for this is part of Jourdan’s scheme,
and he secures a letter to the Halliwells which results in an interview with the father and a meeting
with the daughter.

CHAPTER V.

 The Doctor Explains.

HE dinner at the Interstate
Club took place in a private
room! As most people know,
the bulk of the members of
the Interstate are men of af-
fairs and millions. The ma-
jority are of ripe years. Every State in the
Union is represented on the membership-
roll, hence its name. Where money and
middle age are gathered there will be line
feeding and good drinking also. It was so
in the case of the Interstate Club, whose
dinners were famous, and whose chef
owned his own home and a touring-car. Dr.
Jourdan came to the conclusion that evening
that he deserved every inch of his culinary
fariie.

  Nothing was said about the matter that
lay close to the hearts of the two men during
the serving of the courses, but with the
coming of the coffee and cigars the host
signified to the attendants that he and his
guest wished to be alone.

  “Well, doctor, have you anything addi-
tional to say to me?" asked the financier as
soon as the door closed.

Began in the April Railroad Man's

655

  The physician did not reply until he had
pondered over the query a little. Then he
said:

  “ I think not, Mr. Halliwell. I have tried
to tell you in lay language the theory and
method of effecting cures in cases allied with
that of your son. There is hardly anything
more to be said, so far as I am concerned.
There remains, however, your consent or
your refusal.”

  The financier drummed on the table with
his fingers thoughtfully.

  “Did I understand you to say, the other
evening, that you had witnessed or actually
performed cures by means of this system in
which you seem to place so much faith ? ”

  Dr. Jourdan made a gesture of assent.

  “ Have you any objection to relating some
of such ? ”

  “Not in the slightest, sir. After a year
of bacteriological study in Vienna, I went
to Florence, taking with me letters of intro-
duction to Professor Lurattini, of that city.
He was then engaged in investigations hav-
ing to do with this same subject, and it was
because of this that I went to him. I was
under his tutelage over eighteen months.
During that period I was privileged to see
him turn a man afflicted with homicidal
mania into a peaceful, law-abiding citi-

Magazine. Single copies. 10 cents.
656

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

zen; a hypochondriac into a wholesome-
minded, healthy individual; while a noto-
rious brigand, who came from a family of
professional robbers and cutthroats, was
transformed into an honest, hard-working
villager.”

   “ All by this seruni method? ”

  “ All by the injection of an appropriate
serum into the tissues of each patient. He
was greatly aided in his work by the Italian
government, who not only allowed him to
select subjects from prisons and hospitals,
but furnished him with those persons from
whose blood he wished to make serum-
cultures.”

  “ Capital arrangement for the scientist,
but rough on the other chaps,” laughed Mr.
Halli well.

  “ Hardly so. No person was operated on
one way or the other unless his consent was
first obtained. In the case of the prisoners,
certain privileges were allowed them in re-
turn for their acquiescence. The patients
in the hospital were there to be cured, and
they not only suffered no risks when in the
hands of a man like Lurattini, but they had
an excellent chance of recovery.”

  “Ah, a chance of recovery!” echoed the
other.

  “My dear sir,” said Dr. Jourdan earnest-
ly, “ medicine is not and never will be an
absolute science. Only those of its members
who are charlatans guarantee a cure in
every instance through a given course of
treatment. No two human bodies are ex-
actly alike in a pathological sense. Where
the difference is marked, the results of an
administration of a drug or a serum may, in
each instance, be of a contradictor)’ nature.

   “ Speaking in general terms, the specialist
is he who has learned to adopt a treatment
to a body, the former being based on the
physical and mental idiosyncrasies of the
latter. Yet, even the specialist is apt to err
in his diagnosis, although in the majority
of cases the patient whom he treats has.
as I have said, an excellent chance of re-
covery.”

  “Then, as I understand it. a clever
physician should study—carefully study—
a new patient as a preliminary?” asked the
financier.

   “ Decidedly so.”

  “ And yet—if you will pardon my saying
so—you were ready to begin treatment on
my boy right away?”

  “That is hardly correct, Mr. Halliwell,”
replied the physician emphatically. “ In

the first place, the subject has not reached
that stage which would warrant my con-
templating treatment. Our talk relative to
your son has been of a tentative nature
only. You have said nothing that I could
construe into a promise of consent. Even
had you expressed your willingness to place
him in mv hands, I can assure you that I
should have made haste slowly. I should
have subjected him to a proper period of
observation and investigation before going
further in the matter.”

  Dr. Jourdan had a way of looking you
straight in the eye when he spoke, and in
this instance there was something in his gaze
that matched the note of severe protest in
his talk.

   It did not escape the notice of Mr. Halli-
well. Like most very -ich men, Halliwell
was accustomed to defei -itial demeanor and
smooth speech from those with whom he
came in contact, especially if they were look-
ing for business or social favors at his
hands.

  It was a new experience, therefore, to
meet a man who talked to him fearlessly,
and who didn't hesitate to contradict him
pointblank—politely, it is true, but direct-
ly, nevertheless. He liked the young doctor
all the more because of his independent at-
titude.

  “You are right, Dr. Jourdan,” he admit-
ted. “ I spoke hastily, and I ask your par-
don for so doing. But will you tell me about
other cases with which you came in con-
tact? I wish to know more about this in-
teresting process.”

  The doctor’s face cleared. Like all fine-
natured men, he didn't nurse the remem-
brance of an affront, real or imagined.

   “ Certainly,” he said, with a-smile. “ But
such cases were practically repetitions of
those that I witnessed in Italy. At Buda-
pest a money-lender, who had gone insane
on account of defaulting clients, was re-
stored to health and sanity by Professors
Ruchman and Arnauld, the serum treatment
being used. The money-lender was a no-
torious usurer who grew rich out of the
profligacy of young men of prospective
wealth. After he left the asylum he closed
his business and endowed a home.”

  “ For the benefit of his old patrons, I
presume?” said Mr. Halliwell cynically.

  “ It would seem that way. In Paris I
came in contact with two examples of the
effectiveness of the method, although I did
not witness the phases of cures. Domon.
DR. JOURDAN’S MYSTERY.

657

Mauroix, and LeVeore were the physicians
in charge of the patients, one of whom was
a nobleman who for many years had been a
notorious libertine. He is living a monastic
life now.

  “ In Nantes and London I was afforded
further opportunities for passing on the
possibilities of the discovery.

  “ On my return to this country I had the
great privilege of restoring to moral sanity
and his parents a young Chicagoan who had
suddenly developed a mania for gambling
and was ruining himself in consequence.”

  “Have such cures proven permanent?”
asked the financier.

   “ Yes, so far as I know,” was the answer.
“As I have stated, germs breed diseases—
mental or physical—in accordance with their
type or species. The germs once eliminated
from the system in both classes of maladies,
there is but little chance of their return, pro-
vided that precaution is taken against their
securing relodgment.”

  There was silence for a spell. Mr. Hal-
liwell consulted a small memorandum-
book which he drew from his vest-pocket.

   “ Dr. Jourdan,” he said at length, “ I am
aware that gentlemen of your profession ex-
ercise the right to surround your work with
a certain amount of reserve. No doubt you
have good reasons for this. Therefore I am
not at all sure whether you will answer the
question I’m going to put to you.”*

   “If I can consistently answer, I certain-
ly will.”

  “Well, then, why is my boy afflicted as
he is? There must be some antecedent rea-
son for—for—his unhappy condition. I
have put this question to several members
of your profession, and none of them have
given me a satisfactory answer—either be-
cause they could not or would not. Can you
—or will you reply to it?”

CHAPTER VI.

Getting Down to Facts.

■p\R. JOURDAN felt a sudden throb of
sympathy for the man whose millions
were useless to him in the presence of a
father’s affliction. The huskiness of Mr.
Halliwell’s voice told of the deep emotion
that underlay his speech.

   “ Ifyou really desire to learn what my be-
liefs are in regard to your son's case,” he
said very quietly, “ I can see no objection
to ygur so doing. But I would remind you

   6	RR

that these beliefs are not original with me.
They form the basis of all the investigations
that are now being made by scientists on the
lines that I have indicated. I have implicit
faith in them.”

   He paused.

   “Proceed, please.” Mr. HalliweH’s tone
bespoke his impatience.

   “ It is proper for me to tell you, though,
that what I am about to state may not be al-
together pleasant. I may offend you by my
frankness.”

   “ I hardly think so.”

   “Well, then,” Dr. Jourdan spoke slowly
arid distinctly, “a mental malady is not in-"
frequently the outcome or the culmination
of an hereditary quality or trait developed to
an abnormal degree.”

   He halted again, and the financier looked
at him inquiringly.

   “ Because of the interest that I felt in
your son’s case,” he went on, “ I took it upon
myself to inquire into your family history
through the medium of genealogical works
of reference, hoping that such inquiry would
furnish me with a clue to the young man’s
affliction. In this I was not disappointed.

   “I find that Jabez Halliwell landed in
this country from Barnstaple, England, in
the early part of the eighteenth century, and
established himself in New York, first as a
general merchant, later as an Indian-trader.
In those days the business was highly prof-
itable—for the trader. Indeed, there were
not wanting those who declared that such
trading was sheer robbery. Jabez had two
sons, Hiram and Seth. Seth went to Mas-
sachusetts, where he became a farmer and
trader, and managed to exchange rum arid
gewgaws with the Indians for considerable
of tiieir land.

   “ His real-estate operations finally created
so much talk among the neighbors and trou-
ble among the aborigines that the authorities
interfered. He proved his title to land in his
possession, however, and stuck to it, although
he does not appear to have undertaken fur-
ther deals. The New England branch of the
Halliwells is now wealthy and socially influ-
ential ? ”

   This last sentence was interrogative.
The financier gave a nod of assent.

   “ Hiram remained with his father. At
the death of the latter he succeeded to the
business. In the meantime he had married
Margaret Dalton, daughter of a ship cap-
•tain, and one son—named Jabez for his
grandfather—was born to them. Now,
658

/

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

whether it was through the influence of his
father-in-law or by reason of the tempting
profits of the business is not related; but,
anyhow, Hiram fitted out two, if not three,
ships for the slave trade, all being under
the general command of Captain Dalton.

  “The venture proved profitable, and the
flood of guineas that resulted brought many
things to Hiram, among them proffered mu-
nicipal honors. These he declined, possibly
on the score that he didn’t want anything to
interfere with business.

  “During the first war with England he
appears to have converted his slavers into
privateers, and although one of the ships
was destroyed he made money nevertheless.
A ‘ bloody flux ’ carried him off just after
the breaking of the nineteenth century, and
New York acknowledged that it had lost one
of the most reputable and distinguished
citizens.

  “The family instinct for money-making
asserted itself in the case of young Jabez,
who took up the reins of the business. He
bought new slavers, fitted out several priva-
teers during the war with France, and later
sold his ships outright to our government,
just prior to the war of 1812. He also
loaned money to the government officials at
a rate of interest that did more credit to his
business ability than to his patriotism. The
tradition that he made big sums by selling
contraband supplies to the British does not
seem to be backed by sufficient evidence to
warrant its acceptance.”

  Mr. Halliwell winced at this allusion to
an unpleasant episode in the family history,
and the doctor continued:

  “ Your grandfather combined politics with
his commercial pursuits, and, to use the
vernacular, played the combination for all
it was worth. That his methods were fa-
vored was shown by the fact that he built
and endowed two churches and a hospital.
It was also through his means that there was
a general betterment of the jail conditions
in the East.

  “The government commission that was
convened for the purpose of inquiring into
all his alleged unjustifiable acquirement of
what had been held as public lands in west-
ern Pennsylvania cleared him of the original
charges of fraud and larceny.”

  Again Mr. Halliwell winced, while the
doctor referred to a slip of paper that he
drew from his pocket.

  “ Your father, Mr. Halliwell, like some
other shrewd men of means, foresaw that

this country would speedily recover from the
industrial depression brought about by the
Civil War, and so proceeded to take ad-
vantage of the situation. He purchased bank
and railroad stock, real estate,-and the con-
trol of certain commercial enterprises at the
then depreciated values, and waited for the
inevitable boom.

  “If I mistake not, he organized the Pur-
chase and Banking Trust, that bought for
cash securities of all kinds from the needy,
at prices so small that the trust was finally
dissolved by reason of the outcry raised
against it by the press and the public. The
gist of this cry was that the corporation was
trading in a cold-blooded fashion on the
desperate necessities of the community.'"’

He paused.	^

  “ Am I not to be included in this—un-
varnished history of the Halliwells?” asked
the financier, with a wry smile.

  “ I should serve no purpose by so inclu-
ding you. What I have said will, I think,
illustrate my theory as to the cause of your
son’s trouble.”

  “And the theory is?”

  “ You have asked me to speak frankly,
Mr. Halliwell. I am taking further ad-
vantage of your permission. Man is a preda-
tory animal. His conquests over nature and
his fellows prove that much. Business is his
predatory instinct, operating in more or less
legitimate fields.

  “ In many cases the so-called successful
business man walks dangerously near the
boundary that separates the criminal from
the reputable classes. Where this is con-
tinued from generation to generation there
will come a time certainly when this hered-
itary trait will culminate in one or more of
his descendants giving it painful manifesta-
tion. We have, among other of such mani-
festations, cleptomaniacs—those who have
no reason for stealing, but who obey the
uncontrollable prompting left unto them by
predatory ancestors.”

  He spoke with the quiet solemnity of ab-
solute conviction.	-

  “Then, you hold that the sins of the fa-
thers will be visited unto ‘ children of the
third and fourth generation ’?” he asked.

  “ In a sense, yes. But you should finish
the quotation: * And show mercy unto thou-
sands of them that love Me and keep My
commandments.’ That, to my mind, is
equivalent to a promise that die c^Jrse can
be extinguished by the moral and physical
means at our command.”
DR. JOUR DAN'S MYSTERY.

6B9

  Mr. Halliwell meditated. The doctor
drew carefully at his cigar.

   “ There is one aspect of your theory that
I cannot understand, doctor,-’ said Mr. Hal-
liwell as he came out of his brown study,
“ and—if you will pardon my saying so—
it seems to me to be fatal to that theory. It
is this: on the one hand you tell me that—
that cleptomania and similar affections re-
sult from hereditary tendencies; on the other,
you assure me that they are due to germs
in the bodily system. How do you reconcile
these apparently contradictory statements? ”
“ The reply is not difficult. I am glad
that you put the question to me.”

  Dr. Jourdan’s tone was convincing. He
continued:

   “ As I have said, a majority of the so-
called mental—or, if the term be more prac-
tical, moral—diseases are due to the pres-
ence in the system of the minute organisms
to which we give the name of germs, mi-
crobes, or bacilli. They can only live and
multiply in a system whose condition is such
that it is favorable to them. We have pre-
cisely the same proposition in other classes
of-diseases, such as tuberculosis, gout, and
cancer. To ase the lay phrase, these dis-
eases ‘ run in families ’ by reason of the
fact that infected ancestors are responsible
for a posterity whose powers of resistance
to the inroads of a given germ have been
weakened during the generations that pre-
ceded them. And what is true in the case
of tuberculosis is equally true in the in-
stance of those subtler types of disease that
attack our morality through the medium of
our bodies.”

   “ The theory is at least ingenious,” com-
mented the other.

   “ I think that the term ‘ fact,’ rather than
‘ theory,’ would be more appropriate,” re-
torted Dr. Jourdan with quiet emphasis,
“ inasmuch as its truth has been proven by
experiments.”

   “ Doesn’t it seem a little curious that a
discovery so tremendously important to man-
kind, so far-reaching in its effects on this
and the generations that are to come, should
be practically unknown to the world at
large and used only by a handful of special-
ists, instead of the majority of medical
men?” asked Mr. Halliwell.

  “ Yes-^and no. Our profession is very
properly given to conservation. It does not
,readily indorse changes in its methods, es-
pecially when these changes promise to be
of a radical sort, as in this instance. Again,

very special preparation for this treatment
is needed by the practitioner; also facilities
that are not available in the case of the
average doctor.

  “ The difficulties that surround the treat-
ment are such that it does not appeal to the
M.D. who is given to easy self-exploitation,
and it has not and will not receive that
cheap and misleading popularity that has
befallen many brilliant medical discoveries
during the early phases of their being.”

  “ Upon my word, doctor, you seem to have
a satisfactory reply to every criticism of
your beliefs!”

  “ I am glad that you think them satis-
factory,” replied Dr. Jourdan. “I speak
as I know.”

  “ Have you any idea as to the time that
would elapse before we could look for an
improvement in our son’s condition — if I
placed him in your hands?” asked Mr.
Halliwell after another spell of meditation.

  The young physician usually had him-
self well in hand, but at the financier’s
question, charged as it was with possibili-
ties for which he had hoped and dreamed
for years, the room seemed to spin around
him. It was a moment or so before he could
reply.

  “ I cannot say. I must study him for a
little time. There have been instances where
absolute cures were effected within a few
weeks; in other cases, many months elapsed
before a recovery was made. I came in
personal contact with one patient in Paris
who had been under treatment for nearly a
year, and was only then on the road to
normality. She was an American young
woman, an only daughter of a Western
packer who began life as cook in a cow-
camp. The daughter and her millions mar-
ried an Englishman of title. He turned out
to be a very decent sort of a fellow who did
all in his power to further the social ambi-
tions of his wife, which were many and con-
stantly increasing. Her mania for ‘ smart-
ness ’ and her tuft-hunting propensities made
her socially notorious.

  “ Her cravings for further distinction of
the same kind dipped heavily into her mil-
lions, and finally broke her health. The
titled husband insisted on her going on the
continent for a rest. While in Grunewald,
she met Professor Delence, one of the fa-
thers of the new method. The professor
diagnosed the wife’s case as a form of exag-
gerated ego, or a mental malady induced
and aggravated by her social ambitions.
660

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “With the assistance of the husband, he
got her to Paris, and proceeded to treat her.
I had a letter from him a few months ago
in which he tells me that his wife had set-
tled down into a quiet liome-loving wife,
who is adored by the tenants of their estates
in Somerset because of the way in which she
looks after their interests and lives so much
among them.”

  “ A most interesting case,” commented the
financier.

  “ Yes. It illustrates a belief that I have
long held, that an unreasoning desire for
social distinction—the cost not being count-
ed—is a true mental malady, arising from
causes that are clearly traceable to the lives
of the idle rich.

  “The majority of our international mar-
riages, especially when there is a title in-
volved ”—he checked himself, cursing his
tongue for running away with his discre-
tion—“ but I’m wandering from the subject
in order to ventilate my views on a pet
topic.”

  He ceaseJ with a laugh that didn't have
much mirth in it.

  “Well,” said Mr. Halliwell, with a slight
sigh. “ I am almost of the opinion that you
are right, wholly or in part. It may be that
a goodly portion of our larger ambitions are
based on a sort of insanity. Who knows?
‘ Great wit to madness ’—you know the quo-
tation ? ”

  The doctor nodded, but said nothing. He
was still smarting under his unfortunate
remark.

  “ And you are assured that no harm will
come to a patient through this treatment,
even if he is not benefited thereby?”

  “I am sure; that is, if the necessary pre-
cautions are taken by the physician in at-
tendance.”

  “ I don’t think I need ask if these pre-
cautions would be observed if you had
charge of a case, Dr. Jourdan,” said Mr.
Halliwell with a friendly smile. “ And—
I will place Harold in your hands. May
God prosper your work with him ! ”

  “Thank you.” said the other with a sin-
cerity that carried with it the comfort of
conviction.

  “You do not mind if I ask some ques-
tions regarding your son?” queried the doc-
tor. “Your replies will be of help to me.”
“ Ask anything you like,” said the other
earnestly, “ I shall be glad to answer you.”
The physician put a series of interro-
gations relative to the boy’s age, habits, edu-

cation, companions, tastes, and he wanted a
minute answer to each query.

   “ He is, I take it, conscious of regret after

 the act ? ”

   “ Yes.”

   “ Has he ever told you that prior to the
act his conscience urges him not to yield to
the promptings of his weakness?”

   “He has—on almost every occasion.”
“When he is not quite himself in point
of health, is the tendency to—to acquisition,
more marked than at other times?”

   “Yes, decidedly so.”

   “ Is he especially attracted by articles
that are bright or glittering?”

  “You speak as if you were entirely
familiar with his case. It is as you say.”

   “ Then let me tell you, sir, that his cure
is probable, nay, certain, within a com-
paratively short time.”

  “You speak positively, Dr. Jourdan,”
said Mr. Halliwc-ll, his eyes shining with-
hope.

   “ In cases of this kind, a patient invari-
ably responds to the treatment provided that
the obsession has not entirely destroyed or
ousted the moral sense. In the latter in-
stance, it l.as been found that no cure is
possible. My allusion to the bright objects-
has to do with a peculiarity of the interme-
diate stages of the malady. The victim is,
in a sense, in a condition of self-hypnosis.
In accordance with a well-known law of
hypnotism, anything that shines or glitters
induces this condition.”

   “ As to your fee,” began the financier,
after the men had drunk a mute toast to
each other.

   “ I would prefer that any remuneration
be deferred until your son’s recovery,” in-
terrupted the doctor.

  “ If—and pardon the suggestion—you
would like me to send you a check on ac-
count, I shall be glad to do so. I can quite
believe that the expenses incidental to the
treatment will be heavy.”

   “No, sir; quite the contrary. There is
no occasion Tor me to call on your check-
book; although I thank you, nevertheless.”
“As you like,” said Mr. Halliwell, who,
to tell the truth, was a trifle surprised at the
young doctor's attitude in the matter, in
view of his preceding experiences with
medical men. “And now what is the first
thing that you propose to do?”

   “ I want to have an opportunity to ob-
serve your son amid his usual surroundings
and under normal conditions. I do not wish
DR. JOURDAN’S MYSTERY.

661

him to know that he is to be treated by me
until I see fit to tell him. The treatment
itself will be in accordance with what I
learn of his temperamental and other pecu-
liarities.”

   “ Very well, doctor. A family dinner at
my home would serve your purpose?”

  “Nothing could be better. If you talk
the arrangement over with other members
of your family, be good enough to warn
them not to mention it to your son.”

   “ Certainly; the hope that you have given
us will prompt us to honor your wishes.
God knows we want hope for our poor
boy! ”

  The physician was touched by the tone
even more than by the words. It was one
of the first instances—although by no
means the last—in his professional career
that he was witness to the impotency of
vast wealth in the presence of a great sor-
row. In such cases it always seemed to him
that human destiny was emphasizing the
futility of riches in the matter of those
things which are at the basis of true hap-
piness.

  A clock chimed midnight. “Bless me!”
cried Mr. Halliwell, “ I'd no idea that it
was so late. You have made me forget the
time, doctor.”

   “ I appreciate the compliment,” the doc-
tor answered, “ but I think that it was the
topic- rather than myself that held your at-
tention.”

  The financier looked at his guest with
misty eyes.

  “ You are right,” he said. There was a
catch in his voice. “And if you are ever a
father, Dr. Jourdan, you will understand
how my wife and myself feel about this
dear lad of ours, in whom we have centered
so many hopes and so much love. Cure
him and I will—” He stopped short.

  “ And yet,” thought the doctor to him-
self, “ this man and Woman are willing that
their daughter should purchase a title at the
bargain-counter of the altar.” Then aloud :
“You have my sincere sympathy, Mr. Hal-
liwell. A parent's first thought i§ naturally
for the well-being and future happiness of
his children.”

   “That is as it should lie.” assented the
man of millions thoughtfully. For the
second time that evening he sighed audibly.
Mr. Halliwell wasn’t without troubles of
which the world knew nothing.

   After arranging the dinner date, the men
parted. The hand-grasp that each gave

and received was significant of the good
understanding that the evening had brought
into being.

CHAPTER VII.

1 he Halliwell Hospitality.

'T'HE colonel's congratulations were of a
x breezy sort. Phelan, on being taken
into the confidence of the Texan and the
doctor, shook the doctor’s hand until that
member tingled and ached, prophesying that
the day would come when he, Larry, would
be proud to tell that 'twas in his house that
the famous Dr. Jourdan opened his first
office.

  “Now, Phelan, I want your help in this
matter,'’ began the M.D. when the enthu-
siasm had subsided somewhat.

  “ Count me in on anything, doctor, I’m
yours.”

  “ I want you to put me in touch with two
or three professional crooks, moll-buzzers,
dips, or hall-flams—but they must be old-
timers and.healthy.”

   The detective grinned at the use of “ thief
slang,” for he had taught it to the doctor
himself.

  “That I’ll sure do,” he said. “The best
way will be to nail the guys the day that
they finish their bits in the jug, for after a
five or seven-year 'stretch, they are as clean
as a gun barrel. The prison doctors see to
that.”

  “ Do you think that there will be any
difficulty in getting them to submit to a
tapping ? ”

  “No; that is, if there is enough money
in it. A crook who has been doing a
stretch doesn’t, as a rule, find the glad hand
and the open wallet waiting for him out-
side the gates. The yarns about his old
pals sticking to him and holding on to a
percentage of the ‘ fall money ’ to shove into
his fist when lie’s turned loose are piffle.

   “ He’s usually busted except for his back
prison pay, and he drifts into the old game
because he’s got to keep body and soul to-
gether. Usually, the square guys are the
last to help him along.”

  Phelan spoke without irony. He was
simply stating the condition as he knew it
existed.

   “ All right! I’ll rely on you, Phelan, and
thanks for your help. We needn’t hesitate
to spend money to get the right people.
Anybody that you may select to watch out
662

THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE.

can camp at Sing Sing, or anywhere else
for the purpose, and be well paid/’

   The detective consulted a note-book.

   “ Bull O'Brien will be out on the eighth
—a week away. Thirty-five years old; been
in and out of the mill ever since he was
fourteen; mostly for ‘dipping,’ which, I
needn’t tell you, doctor, is picking pockets.

   “ Curley Simmons, who finishes a seven-
year bit on the tenth, is a ‘ gas-bull ’—a
fake inspector of meters, who swipes what-
ever he can lay his hands on in the flat.
He’s ‘ good people,’ too.

   “ ‘ George the Gent ’ is George Waller-
man, one of the slickest 1 con ’ men that ever
did up a come-on by the grab game. He
winds up on the tenth also.

  “‘The Weasel,’ who is Harry Toller, is
a beaut—one of the smoothest, softest
‘ sneak guns ’ that ever pinched a door-mat.
He comes out on the eighth. All choice, and
lots more of them.”

  “I leave the choice of the men to you,
Phelan. Whoever you may select, I want
brought on to New York and put in quar-
ters where they can be under surveillance
until I have done with them.”

  “Leave all that to me. doctor. Til see
you through this end of the proposition, or
I’ll never draw a penny of pension.”

  A few evenings later, when Dr. Jourdan
alighted from a taxicab in front of the
Halliwell mansion, he felt that his self-
possession, somehow or other, had left him.
This quality is the outcome of a belief in
one’s self and one's ability to hold his own
in anything he may undertake. It is a
curious fact, however, that the society of a
delightful young woman often breeds in a
young man an introspection, that leads to
self-doubt that is in striking contrast to the
comfortable self-assurance that had pre-
viously been his, and it was so in the case
of Dr. Jourdan. His discomfort was none
the less by reason of his realization that his
unwonted feelings were distinctly ridic-
ulous. He had met Miss Halliwell but
once. That she was as far removed from
him in a social sense as she well could be.
was fully established in his mind. In spite
of the promptings of his common-sense, he
could not quite get control of himself when
he pressed the bell-button of the Halliwell
front door. Something like a nervous shiver
swept through him from head to foot.

  Once inside the house, however, he be-
came his own master again, and in the
drawing-room, when he met and was intro-

duced to Mrs. Halliwell and Harold by
the financier, a reaction set in that was in
direct contrast to his feelings of a few
moments before. His fitness put him at his
ease forthwith, and it was not long before
he was chatting with his host and the ladies
in pleasant fashion.

  Mrs. Halliwell was a tall and stately
woman, with gray hair, regular features,
and a sweet, but rather tired, face. She
had many of the earmarks of the typical
aristocrat in speech and bearing. Dr. Jour-
dan observed that while her manner toward
him was that of the cordial hostess, it was
tinctured with a suggestion that he was
outside the rigid social pale that encircled
the Halliwells.

  It was not hard to see from which of her
parents Mildred inherited her expression or
her carriage. Jourdan came to the conclu-
sion that the girl was a reproduction of her
mother, as she must have been in the days
of her youth. Miss Halliwell looked very
lovely in her dinner-gown, and her greeting
to the guest was courteous and gracious.

  Harold was a good-looking lad, who
strongly resembled his sister, yet he lacked
that well-bred positiveness that was one of
her characteristics. Tall, of fine carriage
and pleasant manners, his personality was
winning. Yet his glance, as the doctor
noted, was wandering—even shifty. When
his attention was not concentrated on an
object or topic, his eyes swept around the
room as if in search of somethings'At other
times, a film of vacancy seemed to pass
over his face and vision. During the eve-
ning, the doctor noted this with keen dis-
cernment.

  When dinner was announced, Mrs. Halli-
well was escorted by the visitor; the daugh-
ter by her father. Harold brought up the
rear. Dr. Jourdan inwardly resented the-
social canon that called for this arrange-
ment. He had hoped that good fortune
would throw him with Mildred as much as
possible.

  Dinner was served in the dining-room of
the mansion, the tapestry and paneling of
which, as all New Yorkers know, are deco-
ratively and socially famous. The Halli-
well plate was also in evidence, and the
guest caught himself musing on the unex-
pected turn of the wheel of fate that had
placed in his hands a knife and fork whose
handles were griffins and violets of carven
silver and ivory.

  What is commonly called “society”—
DR. JOURDAX’S MYSTERY.

663

especially the women—live in a very small
world, after all. They mix with those that
are like unto themselves in most things;
they seek the same amusements, and they
eat the same food as do their neighbors
of “ the avenue ”; they attend the same
churches, and they are clothed and deco-
rated by the same tailors and dressmakers
and milliners; even their fads are shared by
each other, and the monotony of it all leads
to affairs with ladies of the stage so far as
men are concerned, and elopements with
chauffeurs on the part of the women.

  The Halliwells were no exception to this
narrow rule of existence, and Dr. Jourdan,
being otherwise than themselves, came to be
duly appreciated before many courses were
served.

  His breeziness and hearty relish of life;
his original views of men and things and
the out-of-the-ordinary experiences that had
been his, were in strong contrast to the blase
demeanor and conversation of the majority
of men that moved in the Halliwell sphere
—and nobody noticed this more than Miss
Halliwell.

  Dr. Jourdan, too, could talk about him-
self and his doings without letting you feel
that he was making an undue use of the
first person singular—a gift greatly to be
desired. He was familiar with the section
of England that had been Mrs. Halliwell’s
home, and he and she recalled some of the
traditions that clung around the ancient
church of St. Katherines-o’-the-Wynd; of
the custom of “ barring the bride ” with
ropes of flowers held across the road, which
bars were not lowered until there was a
scattering of flowers and small silver; of
the annual blessing of the apple-trees, and
other legends.

  To Harold, he told a story or two of
cowboy life in Texas, for, once on a time,
as he explained, he was bitten with the craze
for the rope and the bronco, and wore it
out by a year or so of “ punching.”

  And when Miss Halliwell turned the con-
versation on travel abroad, he, with a touch
of diffidence, spoke of queer comers in the
Slav states; of a stay among the Bedouins
in northern Arabia, and a marriage cere-
mony that he had witnessed in Morocco.

  “You have traveled extensively, and in
difficult places, Dr. Jourdan,” said Miss
Halliwell, as he finished this last narration,
and the smile that accompanied the remark
was very friendly. The reserve that had at
first surrounded her gradually melted as the

dinner progressed, and she joined in the
conversation with a zest that astonished and
delighted the young man.

   “Well, hardly that. The facilities for
getting around nowadays are such that if a
man travels light, he can go almost any-
where at short order and little discomfort.”
"\ou mean that he mustn’t have a wife
and the trunks that go with her, I suppose,’’
said Mildred, with a rippling laugh.

  The doctor echoed the laugh—as did the
others.

   “ One must expect to be subject to the law
of compensation,” he retorted. “ Perhaps it
is as well that it interferes in our doings in
order to prevent us becoming cloyed with
the good things of life.”

   “ Do you allude to the wife or the travel ? ”
asked Mr. Halliwell mischievously.

   “ I can only speak from the latter point
of view,” and again there was laughter.

  The talk turned on the show places of
Europe, and Dr. Jourdan confessed that he
was not jet familiar with them.

  “ You must have had a reason for neg-
lecting them, I imagine?” Again i^ was
Miss Halliwell who spoke.

   “ Why, I have,” admitted the doctor with
a show of reluctance. “ And I’m afraid
that you’ll think it a very stupid reason at
fiat.”

  “That is interesting. Mother, will you
please persuade Dr. Jourdan to tell us why
he doesn’t care for Bonn, or Monaco, or the
Riviera, or Bournemouth?”

  As she asked the question, Dr. Jourdan
privately decided that her eyes never looked
lovelier than when lit with a spark of rail-
lery.

   “ He will tell us without persuasion, I am
sure,” came the modulated voice of Mrs.
Halliwell. “Will you not, doctor?”

   “If you wish me to, Til do so; but you’ll
assuredly write me down a snob or a inisan-
trophe, I warn you, Mrs. Halliwell.”

  “And I shall follow mother’s example,”
added Mildred.

   The doctor marveled all the more at the
manner in which she had shed the hauteur
that had enveloped her like a garment when
he saw her for the first time.

   “Well, then, it’s because I don’t like the
people that one usually meets at these points.
For the most part, they seem to be there
simply because the place is fashionable.
Their natural beauties seem to be absolutely
lost on this class of tourists. I may be
cranky, and possibly I am, but vacuous chat-
664

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

ter and insipid personalities spoil my en-
joyment of an Alpine peak or the purple
and gold and carmine of a Mediterranean
sunset.”

  Miss Halliwell looked at her mother with
accusing eyes that sparkled over a smiling
mouth.

   “ It is you that are responsible for most
of our trips to these places,” she said, “ and
it is you must clear our skirts of the impu-
tation of belonging to ‘ the class of tourists ’
to whom Dr. Jourdan so strongly objects.”

  “ One moment, please,” spoke up the doc-
tor; “I only alluded to the people one usu-
ally meets. Manifestly that does not in-
clude the members of this household.”

  “Adroit!” remarked Mildred.

   “And truthful,” retorted the physician.

  During this idle chatter Dr. Jourdan was
not unmindful of the professional object of
his visit. He observed Harold closely and
the effect on the boy of the various phases
of the conversation. He took mental notes
of his bearing, of his conversation, the way
that he responded to questions addressed to
him, and the type of questions that he ad-
dressed to others.

  While so doing, on more than one occa-
sion, he caught Miss Halliwell’s eyes study-
ing him, as it were, as if in an effort to
establish an estimate of him. In such mo-
ments he had all his work cut out to main-
tain his equilibrium, personal and profes-
sional.

  Toward the close of the dinner the doctor
felt that his object had been attained, so far
as the lad was concerned. He had ob-
tained that glimpse into his temperamental
condition that would warrant the formu-
lating of the treatment. Nothing remained
now but to administer it.

  A sense of depression seized on him. The
chances of future evenings like unto this
were over. In die future his intercourse
with the family would be of a professional
nature only.

  “ And how long have you been in prac-
tise, doctor?” said Mrs. Halliwell.

  Harold had left the room for the pur-
pose of fetching some photographs from his
den to show the guest.

  “Less than a year, madam; but I have
studied medicine for a number of years in
this country and abroad.”

  “Since I have been the wife of Mr. Hal-
liwell I have acquired a good deal of the
acquisitiveness that is charged against the
American woman,” she said, the curves of

her pretty mouth vouching for the humor
that she felt, “ and so I am not going to
make any excuses for asking you whether
you are of English descent. Your pronun-
ciation of certain words suggests the ques-
tion.”

  “Yes, I was born in England.”

  “Now I understand why you are so fa-
miliar with affairs on the other side of which
the average traveler has no knowledge. By
the way, i remember—that is, I know of. a
family of Jourdans in Leicester. One of
them, Sir Thomas Jourdan, a baronet by
the way, was a famous physician. If my
memory serves me aright, he distinguished
himself in the army.”

  “He was practically the father of mili-
tary diet and hygiene as we now know it—
that is, so far as the British army is con-
cerned.”

  Mrs. Halliwell turned, and appeared to
be more interested.

  “ Ther you know of Sir Thomas, evi-
dently ?” she asked.

  “ He was my grandfather, Mrs. Halli-
well,” answered the doctor quietly.

   “ Bless me! ” ejaculated the lady, startled
out of the reserve of her class, while Mildred
added, “ This is highly interesting,” and
Mr. Halliwell jocularly remarked that his
wife would presently find diat the doctor
was a cousin many times removed.

  “ Sir Thomas had one son, I recollect.
He, of course, was your father?”

  The doctor made a gesture of assent.

   “ Your grandfather died the year after my
marriage,” continued the lady, “ and then—
and then—”

  “ Our family affairs went wrong,” said
Dr. Jourdan bluntly, “and father decided
to come to America. Mother died about
then, but left him free to follow his in-
clinations. He bought a ranch in the West
and did fairly welL I inherited my inclina-
tion for medicine from my grandfather, and
studied at intervals.”

  He paused and looked at Mr. Halliwell
as if in appeal.

   The financier answered the look.

   “ I don’t think, dear,” he said to his wife,
“that we have the right to ask Dr. Jourdan
for any more of his family history. We—”
“I think, father, diat Dr. Jourdan feels
that he is among friends who are not actu-
ated by anything but the kindliest of mo-
tives in listeninglo what he has to tell us
about himself,” said Mildred Halliwell
sweetly, and there was that in her eyes that
DR. JOURDAN’S MYSTERY.

665

made the young man’s being thrill to its in-
most fibers.

  “Your father must miss you greatly,”
ventured Mrs. Halliwell after a pause.

  The doctor bit his lip and controlled
himself with an effort.

  “ I think not,” he said in a low tone.
“ He died seven years ago. He was a good
man who is doubtless tasting the happi-
ness that awaits the good. There are no
regrets or longings—there.”

  The emotion under which he labored was
unmistakable. The eyes of Miss Halliwell
softened in a manner that was unusual to
them.

  “ I have to ask your pardon for touching
on a topic that is as painful to you as this
must be,” said Mrs. Halliwell presently,
“ and I am sure you believe that you have
all our good wishes for your future profes-
sional success.”

  There was a note in her voice that was
nott there previously. Dr. Jourdan did not
let it escape him. It was as if the lady had
put him on the plane of an equal.

  “But—if I may ask—now that you have
succeeded to the title, why do you not) use
it? I think it dates back some centuries,
does it not? ”

  Mrs. Halliwell’s voice was persuasive—
almost pleading. Excellent woman though
she was, it had flashed on her that it would
be very pleasant for people to know that one
of the Halliwell family physicians was Sir
William Jourdan.

   “ It—the title—came into existence in the
time, of the first James,” replied the doctor.
“ It is one of the oldest baronetcies in Great
Britain. As to my reason for not using it,
that is simple; Mrs. Halliwell. I am an
American citizen, in the first place; and I
have a prejudice against a man making use
of a token of distinction that might have
been deserved by his ancestor, but to which
he can lay no moral claim.”

   “ Then you don’t believe in titles? ” The
question came pertly from Miss Halliwell.

  “ In countries in which they are custom-
ary they serve their purpose, I suppose.
In a republic such as this, I cannot under-
stand the craving for them that exists in
some quarters. I am merely voicing my
own opinion, however. I have no doubt
but that those who yearn for titular epaulets
can furnish good reason why they should be
worn. But as a guarantee for the worth of
a man, why, I need not say that they are
often worse than useless.”

   “ Yet it does seem a pity that you allow a
title that has so many admirable associa-
tions connected with it to lapse, as it were,”
objected Mrs. Halliwell.

CHAPTER VIII.

A Telegram Arrives.

A/flLDRED remained silent, and her fa-
ther eyed Dr. Jourdan attentively.
Both were thinking that the young doctor
was a person of an out-of-the-ordinary sort
—and both liked him none the less for be-
ing so.

   “ I am not so sure that I intend to do so,”
he laughed. “ If the time ever comes that
I feel that I have done something that war-
rants the gratitude of the world, I will sig-
nalize that time by budding out as a full-
fledged baronet. Up to that period, how-
ever, I shall remain a plain M.D.”

  “That’s a happy resolve,” declared Mr.
Halliwell; “and, upon my word, doctor, I
am with you! ”

   Mrs. Halliwell raised her finely penciled
eyebrows in mute protest.

  “ Then for your own sake—and that of
the title—I hope it will not be long before
I may address you as Sir William,” she said
brightly.

  “To which I add the hope that the re-
covery of your son will prove the first step
in the direction of my success.”

   The doctor spoke with an earnestness that
appealed to the mother’s heart.

  “Thank you,” she said simply. From
that moment Dr. Jourdan had established
himself in her regard.

   Mrs. Halliwell gave the signal for rising.
“ You can go with your mother in the
drawing-room,” said Mr. Halliwell to Ha-
rold, who had returned in the meantime.
“ I want to speak to the doctor in the smo-
king-room.”

  As the ladies retired, Halliwell led the
way to the apartment sacred to the goddess
of nicotin.

   “ Well ? ” he said as he motioned the doc-
tor to a chair and opened a cigar-cabinet.

  “ The condition of your son is much as I
expected. The formulation of the treatment
will, after to-night, be easy. It only re-
mains to so administer it that it shall not
do violence to his temperamental peculiari-
ties. The lad is of a highly sensitive nature
and will have to be carefully handled.”

  Mr. Halliwell nodded.
GG6

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “When can you begin the treatment?”
he asked.

  “In about ten days. I shall then have
the serum ready, and have made arrange-
ments for the needed supply.”

  “ Then you have already taken steps to
that end ? ” Mr. Halliwell’s tone expressed
his approving surprise.

   “ Yes.”

  “ Good. And have you planned the meth-
ods that you are to use in connection with
the actual treatment?”

  “ In a way, yes. I propose—always pro-
vided that you give your consent—to try and
make your son look upon me as a friend, in
the first instance; and as a doctor, in the
second. If he can be induced to place con-
fidence in me in the former capacity, I have
little doubt but that he will in the latter.
A suggestion from me at this point that I
can cure him will free him from the nervous
objections that he might offer if I ap-
proached him as a medical man only and at
this juncture.”

   “ I think the plan a capital one. But how
are you to go about it?”

  “By asking him to share in some amuse-
ment or occupation that will appeal to his
taste. Does he use the gun ? ”

  “ He did—some two or three years ago.
But,” he sighed, “we have not thought it
well for him to mix in with our hunting
friends of late.”

  “An acquaintance of mine has a little
place at Buzzards Bay. He has been try-
ing to persuade me to run down and see him
and the ducks, and bring somebody along.
I think that his invitation is just the thing
in this connection.”

  “Will there be many in the party?”

  The meaning of the query was plain
enough to the physician, and he hastened to
assure the other that the host, the guests, and
the guide would be all that would pull
trigger.

  “ Hutchinson—that's the name of my
friend—is a cranky sort of old chap. He
is good as gold, but soured by false friends;
so he hangs out all by himself during the
gunning season, and only flocks along with
a few people whom he believes he can trust.”
“And Harold will be welcome?”

   “ Assuredly.”

   “ I hope that your kindness will cause you
no embarrassment,” said the financier with
some hesitation. “You understand what I
mean, doctor.”

(To be c

  “ Perfectly. And you need not fear that
your son will not benefit by the outing.”

  The men adjourned to the. drawing-room.
As he entered, Dr. Jourdan had an intuition
that the ladies had been talking about him,
and that in a manner that was pleasant.
Being more free from egotism than the aver-
age young man, he felt gratified but not
inflated.

  Harold was told of the proposed outing,
and was highly delighted. Arrangements
were made, and the doctor told the boy one
or two stories about crane roosts and fla-
mingo islands in Louisiana, and there was
some general conversation.

  At length the evening ended.

  “Good night, Sir William,” said Miss
Halliwell with that liquid laugh of hers; “I
am anticipating, I know—but only for a lit-
tle while, I hope.”

  “ I can almost forgive the title for the
sake of the hope,” replied the doctor.

  So an evening ended that seemed fringed
with the hues of the rainbow.

  Harold and the doctor went to the hunt-
ing grounds two days later. For a week they
had a gorgeous time at the Hutchinson
quarters. There was scooting and hanging
around in the sneak-boats and behind
“blinds” by day; skating on smooth ice by
night—the moon being to the full—and
tales by Amos, the guide, before the blazing
logs in the open fireplace of the bungalow.

   These were tales of the times when whales
were plentiful off Ammagansett and the
parts roundabout; of. marvelous flights of
ducks and geese; of ling and frost-fish,
running ashore in such quantities that the
beaches for miles were deep in them.

  Mr. Hutchinson came out of his shell of
reserve to relate hunting adventures in the
Adirondacks and amid the swales and
sloughs of the Dakotas, and the doctor told
of hunting gazelles with Arabs.

  Harold enjoyed himself hugely, and on
only one occasion gave way to his weakness,
for the healthy outdoor life seemed to react
for good on his mentality.

  Confidence in and regard for the phy-
sician grew with the lad. Dr. Jourdan felt
this, and was exceeding glad in consequence.
One day a telegram came from Phelan
worded thus:

  “ Good people get out to-morrow. What
about it?” The doctor knew that clever
thieves were to be let loose. It behooved
him to act quickly,
nlinued.)
First Fight for a Railway

BY FELIX G. PRENTICE.

THE ambitious efforts of the leading lawyers in the hearing before a com-
mittee of the House of Commons in 1825 to prevent the construction of
the Manchester-Liverpool railroad were only partly told in the first part
of this article, published in our April number. This month the continuation
of the cross-examination of George Stephenson is presented, showing other
ludicrous stumbling-blocks that were put in the path of progress by the emi-
nent attorneys who tried to prove that an engine " would slip backward while
going up a grade and forward while going down! " that engines should be
provided with covers to keep the steam from escaping! and that they would
never supersede the horse as common carriers!

     Try to penetrate the mind of Mr. Stephenson in those days, harrassed
and burdened by such opposition, knowing, as he did. that he was starting civ-
ilization on a new era. But for his confidence in his work and his unshaken
faith in humanity, the progress of railroading would have been materially
retarded.	__

They Didn’t Want the Engine To Run Because It Might Frighten Horses,
and Then the Passing Train Would Cut Off a
View of the Valley.

PART II.

AKC R‘ stephenson was then

examined on a point that
I jBWwT % - seemed to have been con-
IdgTm*sidered of great impor-
tance, namely, the effect of
locomotives on horses. The
following amusing dialogue took place:

Q. “Are they formidable to horses?”
A. “No more than a mail-coach. Not so
much.”

Q. “ I suppose there are some horses
which will shy at a mail-coach?” A. “I
have seen the mare which this gentleman
rode shy at a mail-coach."

(). “Was it your own horse?” A. “It
was.”

Q. “ I really thought it was a canal-
horse.” A. “A canal-gentleman rode it.”

  Q. “ There are some horses that will shy
at anything; for that is what it coines to?”
A. “Yes. I can only say that there is a
good deal of the mule in this particular
horse.”

  Q. “Was it one of those horses that will
put its head into a hedge or a ditch if it
meets anything? ” A. “Yes. Something of
that sort.”

  Q. “It would shy at anything?” A.
“Yes; it would at a wheelbarrow.”

  Q. “-Joking apart, do you conceive that
a well-broken horse would face one of the
engines?” A. “It would. I have seen a
well-bred horse come close up to one.”

  In answer to other questions, Mr. Stephen-
son said that horses at plow in the fields
took 110 notice of the engines; he had never
668

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZIN&

heard the farmers complain, and the horses
that he spoke of were neither blind nor deaf,
but in full possession of their senses.

  He considered it would be quite practi-
cable to build an engine that would haul
thirty tons at the rate of eight miles an
hour; and he had no doubt they might go
at the rate of twelve miles.

  Momentum at Twelve Miles an Hour.

  At this point the formidable Mr. Alder-
son rose and cross-examined Stephenson.
The cross-examination was long and tedious.
It was confined, at first, chiefly to the ques-
tion of slipping, referred to in Mr. Alder-
son's summing up. The chief part of the
examination with regard to speed was as
follows:

  Q. “What would be the momentum of
a body of forty tons moving at the rate of
twelve miles an hour?” A. “It would be
very great.”

  Q. “ Have you seen a railroad that would
stand that?” A. “Yes.”

  Q. “Where?” A. “Any railroad that
would bear going four miles an hour; I
mean to say, that if it would bear the weight
at four miles an hour, it would bear it at
twelve.”

  Q. “Taking it at four miles an hour, do
you mean to say that it would not require
a stronger railway to carry the same weight
twelve miles an hour?” A. “I will give
an answer to that. Any man who has
skated 011 ice knows that the faster he goes
the better the ice will hold his weight.
When a train travels quickly, the weight in
a measure ceases.”

  Q. “ Is not that upon the hypothesis that
the railroad is perfect?” .-1. "It is, and I
mean to make it perfect.”

  Q. “ I ask you whether if one rail were
to be out of its place a quarter or a half an
inch, whether that would not produce a com-
plete negative to your proposition? Sup-
pose one of the rails were to slip aside?”
.1. “They cannot slip aside if they are
properly constructed.”

Load Would Not Overturn.

  The committee then took up the exami-
nation. In answer to their questions, Mr.
Stephenson said that if the engine were
upset while going at the rate of nine miles
an hour with a heavy load behind, the load
would not be overturned. The engine might

suddenly stop by a break upon the wheels,
which would disengage the weight behind
instantly; so that, going at the rate of nine
miles an hour, everything would be safe on
a sudden stop. The wagons and engine
could be made to stop at the same instant.
This was done by means of a lever connected
with all the wagons and the engine^

  The next witness examined was Mr.
Nicholas Wood, the manager of the Killing-
worth Colliery, on the railroad of which the
experiments detailed by Mr. Rastrick were
made. The total length of the railroad was
5-}i miles. It had been laid down for about
twenty years. It was designed originally
to be worked by horses: but, in 1S14, loco-
motive engines were first used. .

  The number of engines that had been
employed on the road were four. They were
all made by Mr. Stephenson, and were each
of the power of eight horses. The number
of wagons attached to each engine varied
from nine to twelve — each wagon taking
fifty-three hundredweight of coals.

  A good, practical load for one of these
engines is ten loaded wagons, which, with
the weight of the engine and tender, total a
weight of forty-nine tons. An engine with
four-foot wheels could travel with this load
at the rate of six miles an hour, or a little
more occasionally. With three-foot wheels,
it could make between four and five miles
an hour.

More Questions Regarding Speed.

  A rate of three miles an hour will, how-
ever, be sufficient for the purposes of the
coal work, the only use made of tlje rail-
road being to convey coals from the mine to
the seashore. The greatest inclination in
the road was 1 in 330. The only accident
that happened to the engines was the giving
way of the fire tube, by which one man was
scalded.

  Mr. Wood was then questioned:

  Q. “ Have you any doubt that a loco-
motive could be made to take the weight of
forty tons, at the rate of six miles an hour,
with perfect safety?” A. “An engine may
go six miles an hour with forty tons—that
is, including the weight of the carriages.”

  Q. “ Have you any doubt that the power
of the engine might be so increased as to
take that weight at any speed between six
and twelve miles an hour?” ,4. “I think
the power of the engine may be increased to
take that weight.”
-V.- .l «

       V

FIRST FIGHT FOR A RAILWAY.

669

   Q. “To what extent do you conceive the
power of the engine could be increased to
take that weight of goods?” A. “I can
scarcely state that to you. The power of
the engine may be increased very greatly.”
Q. “ As much as double?” A. “I think
it might.”

   Q. “ If you had such an engine, in your
opinion could it be made to go with perfect
safety twelve miles an hour, with relation
to the bursting of the boiler?” A. “Yes, I
think it might.”

   Q. “At the rate you go at Killingworth,
are the engines easily managed and easily
stopped?” A. “Very easily.”

Cost of Construction.

   Q. “ Is their pace easily slackened ? ”
A. “Yes.”

  Q. “ Easily started again?” A. “Yes.”
_ Q. “ In short, they are easily manage-
able?” A. “They are.”

  Q. “ Do you think they could be made
perfectly manageable to go at the rate of
eight miles an hour?” A. “Yes; I con-
ceive they might, at eight miles an hour.”
Mr. Stephenson, who had made an esti-
mate of the total cost of the construction,
then submitted his estimate. He said that
a bridge across the Irwell River, one hun-
dred feet, would cost $25,000, provided it
had but one span. The counsel for the op-
position objected most strenuously to such
a bridge, claiming that it would probably
stop up the river. The counsel also seemed
to entertain the idea that, in a snow-storm,
a tunnel would fill up, and Mr. Stephenson
was questioned on the subject:

   Q. “ What sort of effect would snow have
upon the tunnel at the entrance? ” A. “ Part
of it would get in, but it would depend in
a great measure on the wind.”

   Q. “ But would it not fall into this great
tube?” A. “If the wind blew longitudi-
nally, it would get the same quantity of
snow in that part as would fall on the ad-
joining ground; but if it blew a gale at
right angles, it might then drift in more
than the adjoining ground.”

  Q. “Did you ever go up Dunstable
Hill?” A. “Yes; I did.”

  Q. “In the year 1S14, the time of the
great snow?” A. “Yes.”

  <2- “Supposing that to be the case?”
A. “ I could not calculate more than once
in twenty years that such an effect would be
produced.”

   Q>-“ Do you not know that if the snow is
lying upon the ground, and the wind blow-
ing transversely, the tunnel will fill?”
A. “No; it must be a very long storm to
fill it.”

   Q. “Would it not have a tendency to fill
it?” A. “That depends Upon the state of
the wind.”

   Q. “ Suppose the wind to be transverse,
and the snow lying upon the ground, what
will there be to take the snow out when it
has once filled the tunnel; it will then be
out of the wind?” A. “ It will fall there.”
Q. “And there it will accumulate?”
A. “Yes.”

  Q. “ By what means is it to be taken
out.'" A. “ You could not throw it out at
the top very well; but I will throw it out at
the two ends.”

  It was not till near the close of the
seventeenth day, after he had been more
than three days under examination, that
the questioning of George Stephenson was
concluded.

  On the twentieth day, Mr. Harrison
opened the case on behalf of some land-
owners on the proposed line. His speech
was an elaborate and minute analysis of
the evidence, in which he labored to show
that the delays in the transit of goods from
Liverpool to Manchester were exceptional;
that the railway company wanted a monop-
oly more stringent than that possessed by
the canals; that the experiments with loco-
motive engines had not been fairly made;
and that the scheme of the railroad was
crude, imperfect, and unsatisfactory. Of
Mr. Stephenson he said:

Didn't Understand Stephenson.

  “ I declare solemnly, after I read his
evidence through, I could not understand
it. He speaks of an embankment in one
place, and of a level in another, and a
cutting in a third. I will prove that it is
impossible to lay the railroad across here,
unless he raises it nineteen feet above the
level which he has contemplated, unless he
carries it up to the top of those intersecting
roads.

  “ If he does not, in every flood that
comes into the Irwell River, this railroad,
for one mile, will be very often six feet
under water. He must raise it to the
height I have stated. Therefore, up to this
moment in what situation do I stand?

“ I am not enabled to say what this en-
G70

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

gineer means to do, and I cannot point out
the injury that may be done, except that
our engineers say there must be a great
embankment, which must cover a large
quantity of land, and which will interrupt
the communications between the different
parts of the property, and cut off the road
from Liverpool to Manchester.

  “ I am met here by the intervention of
the section, which gives no information to
any person, and I am only to be let into
such parts of the case as the engineer will
explain, which are very few.

  “Unless, therefore, all the principles
which the British legislators act upon are
lost sight of, this committee, I am con-
vinced, will see that it cannot act on the
evidence of this man; for he has not made
up his mind how lie shall carry into execu-
tion a great part of this project.”

  With regard to the powers of the loco-
motive engine, he expressed himself thusly:

  “ When we set out with the original
prospectus, we were to gallop, I know not
at what rate; I believe it was at the rate
of twelve miles an hour. My learned
friend Mr. Adam contemplated, possibly
in alluding to Ireland, that some of the
Irish members would arrive in the wagons
to a division.

  “ My learned friend says that they would
go at the rate of twelve miles an hour,
with the aid of the devil, in the form of a
locomotive, sitting as postilion upon the
forehorse, and an honorable member, whom
I do not now see here, sitting behind him
to stir up the fire, and to keep it up at full
speed!

Can’t Keep Up with Canal.

  “ But the speed at which those locomo-
tive engines are to go has slackened. Mr.
Adam does not go faster now than five
miles an hour. The learned sergeant says
he should like to have seven, but he would
be content to go six.

  “I will show that he cannot go six;
and, probably, for practical purposes, I
may be able to show that I can keep up
with him by the canal.

  “Now, the real evidence to which alone
you can pay attention shows that practi-
cally, for useful purposes, and to keep up
the rate of speed continually, they may go
at something more than four miles an
hour.

“ In one of the collieries there is a small

engine with wheels four feet in diameter,
because, in an experiment or two, they may
have been driven at the rate of six, that
that is the average rate at which they can
carry goods upon a railroad for the pur-
poses of commerce, for that is the point
to which the committee ought to direct
their attention, and to which the evidence
is to be applied.

  “ It is quite idle to suppose that an ex-
periment made to ascertain the speed, when
the power is worked up to the greatest ex-
tent, can afford a fair criterion of what
an. engine will do in all conditions of
weather.

  Engine Couldn’t Stand Damp Weather.

  “ In the first place, locomotive engines
are liable to be affected by the weather.
You are told that they are affected by rain,
and an attempt has been made to pover
them; but the wind will affect them, and
any gale of wind which would affect die
traffic on the Mersey River, would render
it impossible to set off a locomotive engine,
either by poking the fire or keeping up the
pressure of steam till die boiler is ready
to burst.

  “A scientific person happened to see a
locomotive coming down an inclined plane
with a tolerable weight behind it, and he
found that, the strokes were reduced from
fifty to twelve as soon as the wind acted
upon it. Therefore, every gale that would
produce an interruption to the intercourse
of the canals would prevent the progress of
a locomotive engine, so that they have no
advantage in that respect.”

  On the twenty-first and twenty-second
days, witnesses were examined as to die
effect the railroad would have on the prop-
erty of the landowners. One of these wit-
nesses had never seen a locomotive engine.
Engineers were then called to prove that
Mr. Stephenson was all wrong. One of
these, Mr. Giles, said, speaking of Chat
Moss:

Would Go to the Bottom.

  “ In my judgment, a railroad of this
description certainly cannot be safely made
over Chat Moss without going to the bot-
tom of the Moss. It will be necessary,
therefore, in making a railroad which is to
stand to excavate along the entire line of
road through the Moss down to thirty-three
FIRST FIGHT FOR A RAILWAY.

671

or thirty-four feet, and afterward to fill it
up to a height level with the banks of
the Moss.

  “If Mr. Stephenson be right in placing
the level of the railroad fifteen feet below
the Moss, the ywould not only have to
cut out thirty-four, but to build up the
other fifteen feet; and, unless that were
done, I do not think that a railroad would
stand. <

  “My estimate for the whole cutting
and embanking over Chat Moss is nearly
£270,000.

  “No engineer in his senses would go
through Chat Moss if he wanted to make
a railroad from Liverpool to Manchester.”
This witness estimated the cost of the
line proposed by Mr. Stephenson at a mil-
lion and a half. He was the projector of
a new canal between Liverpool and Man-
chester, of which he said:

  “ The description of boat which the
canal would accommodate would be a
small, active, running boat—a pretty little
running fly - boat, that would run about
four or five miles an hour. It will per-
form the trip in a much less time than a
train, as I can make my canal thirty-five
or thirty-six miles from Liverpool to Man-
chester without obstruction of tideway.

  “ The small boats would be able to
travel their distance in nine or twelve
hours. I suppose we should want a mil-
lion of money; but I will not finally esti-
mate it until I have carefully tried the
foundation of the Mersey.”

  Another witness, Mr, Palmer, went into
an elaborate statement, founded on many
experiments, to show the advantage of rail-
roads and canals. He claimed that at a
speed of four miles and a quarter, or un-
der, the advantage was in favor of canals;
above that, the advantage was on the side
of the railroad.

The “ Ignorance ” of Stephenson.

  On the twenty-sixth day, Mr. Alderson
made a long speech in summing up. Of
Mr. Stephenson he said:

  “I say he never had a plan! I believe
he never had one! I do not believe he is
capable of making one! His is a mind
perpetually fluctuating between opposite
difficulties. He neither knows whether he
is to make bridges over roads or rivers, or
of one size or another; or to make embank-
ments, cuttings, or inclined planes; or in

what way the thing is to be carried into
effect.

  “ In the first place, Stephenson answered
me very curtly the first day. ‘ I shall cut
my moss at forty-five degrees; it will stand
at that very well.’ Be it so. I am content
with the answer. ‘ Of course,’ I said, ‘ you
will drain your road on each side?’ ‘I
shall make ditches.’ ' How wide are they
to be? ’ ‘ Six feet.’ ‘ How deep? ’ 1 Oh,
they are to be five feet deep, or four feet
deep.’

  “ Now, I am sure the committee are well
aware that a ditch, if ever it is to come
to a point at the bottom, and is to be five
feet deep, cut an angle of forty-five degrees
on each side, must be ten feet wide at the
top.

  “ What do you think of the ignorance of
this gentleman, who chooses to have an im-
possible ditch, which he wants to cut by
the side of an impossible railway? Did
you ever hear such ignorance?

  “ Whatever credit you might have been
disposed to give Mr. Stephenson before, it
is plainly shown now how utterly and to-
tally devoid he is of common sense; for
every one who knows that two and two
make four would have known that that was
an impossible ditch.

His Foolish Schemes.

  “ But he does not stop there. When we
come to inquire how Knowsley Moss is to
be got over, he stated first that he was to
have a channel for the brooks. I suggested
to him that there were two brooks which
run across the deep cutting of eighty feet,
and I wanted to know how he was to get
them from one side to the other.

  “ He never had thought of them. He
said, in the first instance, he would make
a channel by the side of the railway. How
was the channel to be made? ‘ I do not
know.’ ‘How long will it be? Would
it not be a mile? ’ (which of course would
increase the expense).

  “1 No,’ says he, 1 I do not think a mile.’
But suspecting he might be wrong there,
he said, 1 Then I will make a tunnel.’

  “ I cannot bind him to any one point.
This is the gentleman who is called to
prove the estimate and the plan. He can-
not prove it. He makes schemes without
seeing the difficulties, and when the diffi-
culties -are pointed out, then he starts other
schemes which are exposed to ridicule.
672

/I

f

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “ Having said that he was to make a
tunnel, he is asked how long that tunnel
is to be; and he cannot tell whether it is
one thousand yards or one hundred. If he
had not known whether it should be one
hundred or one hundred and fifty yards,
I should not have said anything about it;
but how great is his variance, and this
through a moss where there is to be a cut-
ting eighty feet deep! He admits it is
material, in order to make a tunnel, to
know the strata.

  “Now, let us see what happens next.
He says he has made no borings to ascer-
tain the strata, and, therefore, by his own
rule, he cannot make an estimate. His
own evidence is that he cannot make one.

He Could Not Estimate.

  “Then the committee is to say, I sup-
pose, ‘ Oh, it is not material there should
be an estimate; we will make one for our-
selves; and though this gentleman, on
whom we are to rely, cannot make any esti-
mate, we do not care. We will pass the bill
—estimate or no estimate, plan or no plan,
right or wrong, the bill shall pass.’

  “My learned friends will not avow this,
but the facts of the case avow it. Having
got rid of that, Mr. Stephenson next says:
‘ I will not make it a thousand yards long;
I will make it part tunnel and part open.’

  “ That is the third scheme. Then he
says: ‘ I will not cut or make any tunnel,
but we will make inclined planes.’ We now
have not fewer than four or five different
schemes to cross one moss! Here are five
schemes, from which he is successively
driven. What, then, are you going to
vote for?

  “ Mr. Stephenson has produced five
schemes, all resulting in one estimate; for,
whether they are cuts, or channels, or tun-
nels, or planes, there is the same sum of
£26,000 on which he retreats. If he had to
cut several million more yards, he has still
the £26,000 to retreat upon.

  “ That will be all expended long before
he gets to Chat Moss; but. even supposing
he struggles through with this £26,000 about
his neck, what is to become of Knowsley
Moss, whether it is to have cutting or tun-
nel, or a part cutting and part tunnel, or
inclined planes, no person knows to this very
day, including Mr. Stephenson himself.

  “ Again, the first day he chose to have
planes at Irwell Bridge. ‘ I will not.' says

he, ‘ have embankments, however high the
bridge may be.’ ‘ How, then, will you get
over it? ’ ‘I will make two inclined planes,
and the wagons will be wound up by a sort
of crank.’ -

  “ I asked him this question, ‘ Will you
stick to that plan ? ’ In a rash hour he said,
‘ I will.’

  “ He was contented to stick to that plan.

  “Twenty-four hours had not elapsed be-
fore he went back on it; for when I was
going to ask him the question the next day
with another object, an honorable member
interposed, and said, ‘ You asked him that
question before,’, and, almost before the
words were out of his mouth, it popped out
that he had discovered that embankments
might be made.

  “ Mr. Stephenson has given no direct evi-
dence, nothing to which he will bind him-
self, nothing to which he will stick; and yet
it is upon his evidence that you are called
upon to pass this bill.”

  The lawyer then entered into an argu-
ment to show that a solid railway only was
practical through Chat Moss, and that many
of Mr. Stephenson's calculations were en-
tirely wrong.

  “ I think you must come to the conclusion
that the advantages of the railroad are ex-
tremely doubtful and problematical,” he
said; “and if we are so circumstanced, I
say that you will and ought to entitle me to
your consideration.

  “ Despotism ” of the Liverpool Exchange.

  “If you must have a mere convenience
for carrying cotton at the rate of twelve
miles an hour, which now goes at the rate
of three, then I protest against the despot-
ism of the Liverpool Exchange striding
across the land of this country. I protest
against a measure like this, supported by
such evidence and founded upon such cal-
culations.”

  Mr. Parke then opened the case of Charles
Orrell and Sir William Gerrard against the
bill. A summary of his address shows the
nature of the early opposition of land-own-
ers to railroads.

  “Mr. Orrell, a gentleman of respectable
family and considerable property, complains
of the intended railway as injurious both to
his estate and residence. Sir William Ger-
rard, the heir of a very ancient family in
Lancashire, complains of the railways, not
as affecting his residence, but as affecting
FIRST FIGHT FOR A RAILWAY.

673

his estate, upon which there are valuable
collieries.

  “When the grievances of which his clients
complain are enumerated, in addition to
those which have been pointed out in the
other land-owners’ cases, the committee can-
not pass the bill.

  “ It is a principle invariably adhered to
by Parliament, that private property is not
to be invaded unless there be urgent public
necessity. Mr. Orrell is the lord of the ma-
nor of Parr, and he and his ancestors have
resided in their mansion upward of a cen-
tury. Considerable sums have been spent in
improving the property, with a view to Mr.
Orrell’s continued residence there, if the
railway is not constructed.

Injury ” to His Residence.

  “ The proposed railroad will pass within
two hundred and fifty yards of the mansion,
and subject it to the nuisance arising from
the constant passage of noisy and smoky
engines. By a clause in the bill, it may be
brought to within one hundred and fifty
yards of the front of the house. Can any-
thing compensate a gentleman for such an
injury to his residence and estate, which
have long been in the possession of the
family ?

  “ Mr. Stephenson’s plans are so inaccu-
rate that the precise extent of the injury- to
this property cannot be ascertained; neither
the height of the embankments nor the depth
of the cuttings can be known.

  “ In some parts of Mr. Orrell’s estate there
will be embankments of the height of eight-
een feet above the surface of the ground.
Across the valley through which the Sankey
River runs there will be an embankment
fifty feet high, which will entirely destroy
Mr. Orrell’s view of the valley beyond the
line of the proposed railroad.

  “ In the case of the Tees and Weardale
Railway the bill was lost because the line
of railway passed at the distance of half a
mile from a gentleman’s residence, while in
the present case it is proposed to bring the
railroad within two hundred and fifty yards
of the petitioner’s residence.

The Coal Under the Tracks.

  “There are also other injuries of which
the petitioners complain. Mr. Orrell is the
proprietor of valuable coal-mines which the
provisions of the bill will entirely prevent

   7	R R

him from working. The railroad company
are only to pay for the surface of die
ground, and the proprietor of the colliery
is to receive no compensation for the value
of the coal which he will be obliged to leave
under the railroad.

  “Mr. Orrell’s and Sir William Gerrard’s
coal properties lie near the surface, and it
will be necessary to leave a barrier to the
extent of forty yards on each side of the
railroad, beside that which is immediately
under the railroad.

  “ But that is not all. It is proposed that
Mr. Orrell and Sir William Gerrard shall
not be permitted to construct any additional
drifts or cuts or other works under the rail-
road, in consequence of which the commu-
nication between the different parts of their
respective collieries will be entirely inter-
rupted, and the consequence will be of great
inconvenience and loss.”

Opposing the Locomotive.

  On the twenty-ninth day the case of the
trustees of the Duke of Bridgewater was
opened by Mr. MacDonnell, and a number
of witnesses were subsequently called to
support it. The cases of the proprietors of
the Irwell and Mersey Navigation and of
the Leeds and Liverpool Canal concluded
the opposition to the bill.

  The leading features of the opposition of
the three parties who collectively represent-
ed the canal interest will be best gathered
from the speech of Mr. Harrison, who
summed up the case in their favor.

  “ I now come to comment upon the loco-
motive engines. I entreat the committee to
recollect how this project has arisen. I will
ask every honorable member whether any’
human being would have thought of setting
up a railway between Liverpool and Man-
chester if that railway were to be conducted
•by horses?

  “ I say it never entered into the imagi-
nation of any one ; but, amid all this ma-
nia that has possessed us—for we have been
running mad after projects and schemes of
all sorts and descriptions—locomotive en-
gines have been patronized and supported
by some people for the purposes of showing
their ingenuity in writing essays and pam-
phlets, and by others for the purpose of ber
ing employed as engineers or otherwise.

  “ To make the thing popular, not only do
certain ingenious gentlemen write pam-
phlets, but some have written books. And
674

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

we have not only books and pamphlets and
essays without number, but we have beau-
tiful pictorial exhibitions of locomotive en-
gines at full work, one of which is now ly-
ing before me.

  “One ingenious gentleman has a beau-
tiful impression of a locomotive engine,
with carriages and guards standing behind
them, giving a description of seven or eight
stage-coaches, with trumpeters and guards
and all the paraphernalia, galloping on at a
rate of several miles an hour.

  “ Whether such speed ever will be made,
I do not know; but I think, when I come to
comment upon that part of the case, many
persons who have thought these prints very
beautiftil things will be sick of the experi-
ment.

  “The project of this railway was entire-
ly founded upon the locomotive engines; it
was set on foot with a view to the expedi-
tion which would be derived from the use
of them. All the pamphlets published
about it give us twelve miles an hour as
the rate at which they were to go.

Fast as Mail-Coaches.

  “ You were to gallop from Liverpool to
Manchester at the rate at which the mail-
coaches have tried to go but never accom-
plished.

  “This expedition was to produce such
consequences with reference to the trade of
the two places as almost to unite them in
one, so quick would be the change of the
bags of cotton and other articles. All this,
in the natural order of things, produced
subscribers; it gave rise to all sorts of ca-
lumnious and untrue assertions, in pam-
phlets and publications without end, against
the existing establishments.

  “ I have a right to state—for no attempt
has been made to prove them — that the
alleged facts are utterly false; that the per-
sonalities, which are of the worst descrip-
tion, have no foundation but in the mis-
representations of self-interested partie^T

  “ All these promises of locomotives run-
ning at the impossible speed of twelve
miles an hour will be surely blasted. You
will find that six will be the limit.

  “Yesterday and to-day we find, in the
best weather and under the most favorable
circumstances, the expedition is diminished
to four or five; and whenever you come to
rain or mizzling weather or dampness, it is
reduced to two and three miles an hour.

  “Is Lancashire a county free from rain?
Have you no mizzling weather, no snow
there? I should rather suspect—and I do
not mean to calumniate the county of Lan-
caster—that it is a county which has as
much rain as any other county on that side
of England.

  “ Unless they can rarefy the atmosphere
as quickly as the locomotive engines go
along, the locomotive engine will have so
many inconveniences to contend with that
it will come down to the speed of a com-
mon horse.

  Water Tracks To Prove Moisture Effect.

  “Now, I ask, would any person step for-
ward to support this measure if the goods
were to be drawn by horses? But not con-
tent with goods, they are to take passengers!
Now, set them off with horses before them;
set the proprietors of the railway traveling
on their own road from Liverpool to Man-
chester, in wagons, at the rate of four miles
and a half per hour; it is impossible to state
it without presenting something ludicrous to
the mind!

  “The committee will recollect that we
had two or three witnesses to speak for the
locomotive engines. We had Mr. Rastrick,
a man very scientific, experimental, and
well grounded in all the subjects on which
he spoke, but he told you that he had never
seen a locomotive engine in practise; and I
showed that in that very experiment he
ought to have gone further than he did, in
order to have ascertained the effect which
rain might have produced!

  “ For instance, he might have watered the
railroad to see what effect moisture would
have had. If Mr. Rastrick had tried the
experiment as a man of science, I have not
the least doubt but that he must have ar-
rived at a conclusion that locomotive engines
are utterly useless for the purpose my
learned friends wish you to believe they are.

  “ But Mr. Rastrick knew that if this bill
succeeded he would make engines for a line
of railroad of not less than forty-four miles;
and by the time the railroads were in run-
ning order the poor, gulled subscribers
would have found that they had lost all their
money, instead, as they hoped, of putting a
good deal into their pockets. Instead of
locomotive engines, the}’ must have recourse
to horses or asses — not meaning to say
which!

  “ Mr. Rastrick never attended to more
FIRST FIGHT FOR A RAILWAY.

675

than one experiment of any consequence.
Then he found that there was a considerable
difference in the strokes of the piston. Was
he not bound to investigate from what cause
it arose, and to see what effect was produced,
by a careful examination of all circum-
stances which could produce any effect upon
the engine ?

  “If a man mean to arrive at a true con-
clusion, every circumstance affecting the
power of the engine should have been made
the subject of careful investigation. What
the effect is, you have heard from himself;
after he tried the experiment and saw the
result, he never tried it again.

  “He felt that he had got into difficulty;
he satisfies himself, therefore, with puttiry;
half a dozen people in the wagon, then start-
ing the engine. He finds that it goes at a
certain rate. He wishes to lead you to the
conclusion that an average speed of five or
six miles an hour is to be obtained by these
engines, so as to make them available as a
means of conveyance.

  “I said.before, and I repeat it again, that
any practical result which will enable you
to arrive at a conclusion is worth all the
reasoning and all the experiments of any
man, however scientific he may be.

  “ Scientific calculations are necessarily
mixed up with so many uncertainties as to
render it impossible for any man to say that
you can positively arrive at a conclusion;
but you cannot be deceived when, after sev-
eral years’ service, those engines can never
exceed four miles and a half an hour.

SOLID STEE

THE steel wheel is as logical a successor to the
cast-iron wheel as steel rails and ties are
to the old iron and wooden construction. The
heavy loads which freight-cars are now built to
carry, demand a substitute for cast-iron wheels,
and as this is distinctly a steel age, the natural
thing to do was to look to this material, which
possesses all the ncccssary attributes to meet the
situation. That there is a limit to the utility
of cast-iron \vheels was the realization which
came with the more powerful locomotives, and
consequently, heavier tenders which became neces-
sary to haul the gradually increasing train loads.
The demand for a stronger wheel was first met
in this class of service by the steel-tired wheel,
and as the demands upon wheels in other classes
of service have increased, the field of the steel-
tired wheel has broadened until it is now com-
mon under passenger-train cars as well. It has
never become common, however, under freight-
equipmcnt on account of its lextremely high cost.

  “To be sure, there was an engine with a
small weight that went at a greater rate, but
that was not the ordinary rate, and that was
the one on which they made the experiment.

  “ Then, sir, what is the situation in which
we stand? I show that locomotive engines
cannot move at more than four and a quar-
ter miles an hour, at which you are reduced
to horse-power, and below that the canal has
the advantage; therefore, the instant they
lose the power of going above four and a
quarter miles an hour, which I have taken
from them, that instant the advantage is in
favor of the canal.

  “ Instead of their having an advantage in
bringing forward the railroad, the power
stands with us. Their scheme is based on
deception and fallacy. They are fighting
for no public improvement whatever. It is
impossible, after the evidence which has
been gone through, that my learned friends
can ask of the committee to give their sanc-
tion to this bill.”

  The wrangling of the lawyers lasted for
thirty-eight days. Finally, notwithstanding
the opposition that became more ludicrous
as the days wore on, Parliament empow-
ered the company “ to make a railway from
Liverpool to Manchester.”

  How childish and puerile the obstacles
that were raised to prevent the building of
this road seem in the advanced and enlight-
ened atmosphere of to-day! What would
such men say were they to return to earth
and witness the outcome of the genius of
George Stephenson and Richard Trevithick?

L WHEELS.

The absolute necessity of finding a wheel for
freight service with the strength and wearing
qualities of a steel-tired wheel, but at the same
time less expensive is, therefore, the real reason
for the existence of solid steel wheels to-day.
Now that the solid wheel is here, it is gaining
a place not only' under freight-cars, but in all
exacting classes of service. The only possible
objection to the substitution of the steel wheel
for cast-iron in freight service is its initial cost,
which is perhaps three to five times that of a
cast-iron wheel, but in these modern days of
exact accounting and careful investigation of costs
over a sufficiently long period to demonstrate
ultimate value, even this objection is sure to be
either altogether removed or very greatly dis-
counted. Furthermore, in weighing the cost of
cast-iron wheels against that of steel wheels, the
item of loss resulting from wrecks due to broken
flanges should not be lost.—American Engineer
and Railroad Journal.	•
A Schoolboy’s Descrip-
tion of an Engine.

            N ingin is a great iron monster sumthin like er auto
cause it don’t need no horses to pull it. Ingins
is made of iron and wood but durn little
wood only the cab where the fellers sit and swap lies, I gess.
Ingins all have great big iron wheels. I don't know how
they would run if they didn't have em. Ingins run on a track
same as a street car does. They has a tender I gess you calls it
where they carries their water and coal. The coal is to make a
big smoke with, and the water to put the durn thing out if it should
catch on fire. There is allers to fellers in an ingin, one to look
out of the winder and the other to blow the whistle. A ingin
sometimes runs of the track and kills a lot of people, thats when
the feller forgets to look out of the winder. Ingins get their
names from the Ingins"what lives out on the plains cause they
both kin run so fast and fur. I would rather be a man wot runs
an ingin than presdient of Washington.

676
\

HONK AND HORACE.

           BY EMMET F. HARTE.

          Their Return to Valhalla in the Hills Is
          Attended by Shooting Irons and a Band.

for a raise instead of resigning, and let them
fire me.

  I suggested that they get some good whit-
tler to whittle out a wooden figure which
they could set up inside the depot window
to act as station-agent should my quitting
demoralize the service.

  A dummy no doubt could have transact-
ed all the business at Wakickewa very read-
ily—but when the div supe himself wired
and wanted me to explain the plan more
fully by letter, of course I gave up in
despair.

There wasn’t any particular reason why
Honk should stick around t^iose two weeks,
though. I told him to pike on ahead and
take charge at Valhalla, leaving me to fol-
low him as soon as I could. But he abso-
lutely refused to go without my sturdy form
plodding by his side.

“Well make our triumphal entry side
by each,” he proclaimed. “ It was all right

HE “ Powers ” required at least
two weeks’ notice before they’d
consent to my throwing up that
famous lazy man’s job at the
Wakickewa station. They said
it would take that much time
to rearrange the men along the line,.lifter
selecting my distinguished successor. I had
no idea my resignation was going to upset
t^ie whole system like that, or I’d have asked

 “beat it before i

 CLIMB UP AND
 BUMP THE BUMPS
 WITH YOU ! "

Series began In the November. 1908. Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies, (0 cents.

677
678

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

tp leave ’em, sort of on the instalment plan,
by degrees; but when we go back, my boy,
we want to go in state.

  “We ought to have our new car and de-
scend on the town with an eye to the dra-
matic effect;, with a fanfare of trumpets and
the flutter of flags.

   “ It'll take about two weeks at the shops
for them to get t,he new medicine-house in
shape. Then, Horace — ah, say! We’ll
have ’em resurrecting that old ‘ Back from
Elba ’ joke.”

  Wfiile we were waiting those two weeks,
Honk amused himself by sending messages
to our friend Willie, the president of the
Transcontinental, and packing and un-
packing his seven or eight trunks and cases
of gimcracks. If I am not mistaken, it was
during this period that he conceived the
idea of the electric gun that afterward
brought us_ fame—and gray hairs.

  Our old side - partner, Willie, kept in
touch with us, all right. Hardly a day
dragged by that he didn’t wire to ask for
news. Had my man showed up? Were we
all ready to take hold at Valhalla? Would
we rather have such-and-such make of pho-
nograph? Would five hundred of the latest
records be acceptable for the same?

   Willie’s debt of gratitude to us for mend-
ing up a hole in his leg and feeding him
a little cheap chicken broth seemed all out
of proportion—still, we couldn’t very well
discourage the man, seeing that we were the
objects of his beneficence.

  One day, near the expiration of my fort-
night’s penance at Wakickewa, word came
from Willie that the medicine-house had
been finished up and forwarded to Val-
halla to await us there.

  “ Can you report without fail, Monday
a.m.?” he wired. “Will arrange, as per
reply. Answer quick.”

  I decided to chance it and wafted him the
word that- we’d be on hand if trains were
running, although my relief hadn’t hove in
sight. Honk grumbled a little because
they’d sent the car on ahead of us.

  “That spoils t,he triumphal entry,” he
said. “Takes away fifty per cent of the
pomp and pageantry. It's like a circus
sending empty chariots and gilded cages
into a town a week in advance of the parade.
It everlastingly upsets the psychological
moment and denudes the goddess Drama of
all her trappings.”

  “ I didn’t know there was a goddess by
that name,” I said; “but if you're dead set

upon turning our home - coming into a
comic opera, we rnigh^ fix up and give a
parade, Monday, at 10 a.m. sharp, along
Eden Boulevard, in Fiji costume, beating
tom-toms and singing ‘-Just Because She
Made Them Goo-Goo Eves.’ That ought
to thrill ’em.”

  Saturday noon a malarial-looking person
alighted from tjh'e local and introduced him-
self as the “new incumbent” of Wakickewa
station. He said he’d been down in the
swamps for a year or two, and that the cli-
mate hadn’t agreed with his wife, or he and
his wife hadn’t agreed about the climate, or
something; anyhow, the company had gra-
ciously permitted him to transfer his agree-
ments and disagreements to a more agree-
able sphere.

  He said his wife had gone to her rua’s to
stay until tjlie baby cut his other two front
■teeth, and he then wondered if house rent
was very high in Wakickewa.

  Honk and I paid a glowing tribute to the
town. We assured our new friend—his
name was Ray Tucker—that Wakickewa
was just, about the liveliest, most hospitable,
and satisfying small place we’d ever been
con—er—permitted to abide in.

  We insured him a pleasant and profitable
sojourn in the place, made him a present of
our furnished flat, with all the privileges
and luxurious appointments thereunto per-
taining—cook-stove, skillet, pie-pans, and
all—and then we bade him bon jour and
many happy returns, and caught the first
train we could inveigle into stopping.

  It was a freight, but that didn't mat-
ter; most of Honk’s baggage was freight,
anyway.

  At the first station of sufficient impor-
tance to afford passenger-train facilities we
piled off and waited for the flier. If we
hadn’t I firmly believe we’d still be en route.
for that, freight we started on wasn’t due in
K. C. till April 19, and it was three weeks
late when we left it, on March 30.

   Skipping lightly over the hallos and hand-
shakes along the line of the P. and P., when
from tjime to time we ran afoul of old cronies
like Fuzz Watts and Willard Sawyer and
others, Sunday evening at sundown found
us, travel-fagged and dusty, filled with the
fervor of youth and expectant—safe and
sound at Millardsville, with Valhalla
twenty miles away.

  It so happened that we had a choice of-
fered us. We could stay all night in Mil-
lardsville and go over to Valhalla on the
HONK' AND HORACE.

679

red motor-car in the morning—
which would put us at our goal at
the rather late hour of nine-
thirty—or we could ride the
“ jerk-water,” a mixture of milk-
cans, chicken-coops, and way-
freight, which ambled over as
soon as they got loaded that night,
and was supposed to make the run
in time to start back the next day.

  I would have preferred walking
to the latter alternative, and sleep-
ing in the Hotel Metropole in
Millardsville to either, but Honk
must needs take that freight-train
or burn out a fuse.

  “We couldn’t rest this close to
the old town,” he said. “We’ll go
on in to-night and see her couchant
on the plain, spangled with the
glitter from her thousands of
street-arcs, resplendent with electric signs,
and teeming with life! A city at night is
a splendid sight — eh, Horace, don’t you
think?”

  “ The darkness hides many a defect,” I
admitted. “ But if we go on this train,
everybody’ll be gone to bed before we get
there. What about our triumphal—”

  “Never mind,” he said. “Perhaps the
better way will be to enter quietly and take
up the thread of progress where we dropped
it, without ostentation or ado. 1 The boast
of heraldrv, the pomp of power, and ~all
that ”

  When he got that far I scampered up the
ladder of the nearest box car and left him.
Whenever Honk begins to elocute I take to
the woods,

  Honk’s baggage being many miles away,
and as all the luggage we carried between
us consisted of a package of clean collars
I’d received from a laundry in Sapulpa just
before we started, our exodus from Mil-
lardsville was not attended by any uproar,
or clangor of baggage-vans, or bustle of
porters.

  The train-crew spied us on top of the box
car just before they got, the last crate and
barrel loaded.

  The conductor instituted the inquiries
and little informalities of a conversational
nature usually indulged in when a couple
of stranded floaters are found aboard, while
the brakemen looked on with apparent en-
joyment. All of them were strangers to
Honk and me—they had come with the new
regime, no doubt.

MAHOGANY, AND AXMINSTER, AND RED
      LEATHER CHAIRS-"

  “Fall off’n that car, youse!” said the
con arbitrarily. “W’at you think this is?
A scenic route? Beat it before I climb up
and bump the bumps with you! ”

  “Take it easy, Jason,” said Honk.
“ Your feet are too big for climbing—you’d
make a better diver. How soon do we
start ? ”

  The brakeys broke into equine laughter
at thatj point, and our big-footed friend
scrambled up to where we were with blood
in his eye. Honk calmly passed over the
final tag-end of our trip-ticket. The con’s
lamp-globe was almost too dirty to read by
—but the ticket served.

  “ Better come in the way-car, men,” he
said. “ Plenty of room to stretch out and
680

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

smoke; and we’ll have a game of pedro
goin’ over if you want to. We’ll be pullin'
out in a minute or two.”

  We tjhanked him, and said we’d be glad
to play a few hands. Presently the engine
toot-tooted, and we were off.

   It was a line, unostentatious, little ride.
The hind brakeman and tjhe conductor beat
Honk and me four straight games of pedro
during the first ten miles. Everybody being
satisfied, the game broke up and Honk and
I ascended to .tji.e cupola to watch for the
first glimpse of Valhalla, nesting in the
shadow of the Mystic Hills. We thought
we ought to be able to see the lights when
we rounded a certain curve.

  “ I can’t see a solitary glimmer,” said
Honk, peering carefully. “ I guess tjhe rum-
mies have quit lighting up the towers. That
one out by the reservoir had twelve big
arcs on it. If it was burning, we surely
could see it from here.”

  “ Maybe it’s foggy over there,” I said.
“ April is a foggy time of year; or they may
be hiding their lights under bushel-baskets,
or something, for the sake of economy.”

  Honk occupied the rest of the journey by
confiding to me what we were going to do
to resuscitate the town during the next fiscal
year. Shortly after ten o’clock we hit the
yards, and, with the help of the conductor’s
lantern, which he kindly loaned us, groped
our way through the inky darkness to the
depot.

  A smoking oil-lamp in the station office
was all the illumination visible. The city
was plunged in gloom. We opened the wait-
ing-room door and peered in.

   A shadowy figure was sitting at tjhe table
inside the sanctum ticketorium. We bold-
ly entered, and Honk secured the man’s at-
tention by rattling the lattice.

  “What’s the matter with your lights?”
he queried sternly.

  The young man at the table tpok his time
about replying. I admired his impressive
and trenchant style, his learned and concise
summing up of the matter, when he did re-
ply. It was a very sweeping and compre-
hensive statement^of the facts in the case—
in two words.

   “They're out,” he said briefly.

  “Are you the ‘works' at this place?”
Honk asked with a fine sarcasm that was
wasted.

  “Naw, I’m the Sultan of Siam.” re-
turned the voice from the blur. “ Anything
else you want to know ? ”

  Honk seemed somewhat taken aback, so
I entered the breach.

  “ Allow me,” I said graciously. “ I am
the Bey of Beloochistan. My friend Ho-
henzollern and I would like to hold con-
verse with the main squeeze.”

  “Nothing doing,” said the o#ier. “You
might find him in the morning if you'd
happen around. He gets down about nine-
thirty if he’s feeling well. But, say, ’twon't
do you no good to strike him for a job, for
he’s leaving tjiis dump to-morrow.”

  “ Ahem! ” Honk remarked. But the
youth was warming to his work.

  “ Ye’eh,” he continued. “ A couple of the
president's pets are leaking charge. A guy
named Simmons, or something, and I dunno
the other'n's name. They’ll find their work
cut out for ’em, all right.

  “His nibs has let everything go to the
blink. Fired t,he power-house boss last
week, and there ain’t been any lights in
town since. Valhalla’s going down every
day. She’s-on the decline.”

  I was just beginning to get interested in
the fellow’s breezy style, when Honk ap-
parently nailed an idea and hastily pushed
me out the door ahead of him.

  “ Here’s where we get a move on us,” he
said when he had led me a few paces along
the platform. “ If we can find Butch Po-
teet, we’ll go out, start the power-plant, and
light up things. Huh! The town’s ‘ going
down ’ every day. is it? ‘ She’s on the de-
cline,’ is she? We’ll see about thatj. We'll
show ’em how quick she’ll revive when the
right doctor prescribes! Hallo! By hoky!
The medicine-house!”

  It was. We had stumbled on our fine
new coach, sitting dark and deserted on the
siding behind the freight-room. She was
a glossy, brass-railed beautjy, and no mis-
take.

  We shinned up on the awning-covered
portico and tried the door. It was locked,
of course. Then I peeked through the big,
bevel-plate window while Honk held the
lantern.

  “ Mahogany,” I murmured in awe, “ and
axminster, and red leather chairs—”

  My rhapsody was rudely interrupted.

  “ Hey, there! " came the voice of the sta-
tion understudy from the open office win-
dow. “ You bums chase yourselves away
from that car. I'll get a cop down here in
five minutes and have you pinched. Hike
out of here! ”

  The lantern sputtered and went out at the
HONK AND HORACE.

681

same instant. Chastened and subdued, we
hopped hastily down, and, without a word,
stumbled away in the darkness toward town.

  There were very few pedestrians on the
streets. Valhalla seemed like a sick-room
where everybody was treading around 011
tiptoes to keep from waking the patient.

  We met a man some three or four blocks
farther on, and Honk paused to inquire the
way to Butjph Poteet’s. The man said he’d
never heard "of such a person.

Honk’s idea was but little better. The ex-
act spot by his reckoning, when found, was
occupied by a sheet-iron shed full of hay
belonging to a feed-and-fuel yard.

  “ To thunder witjh him,” Honk muttered.
“ We'll go out by ourselves. I guess we
haven’t forgotten how to start 'a fire under
a set of boilers.”

  “ On with the dance,” I said. “ I’m with
you. We'll make a night of it,.” It was
nearly midnight by that time, as I ascer-

x

"we came out to fire up and start the

JUICE-PLANT."

  Honk thanked him, and we continued on
our triumphal—well, not exactly. I noticed
that Honk still carried the extinguished
lantern, and I made some epigrammatic al-
lusion to his following in the footsteps of
Diogenes. Honk sniffed and set the lan-
tern on a gate-post, where we left it to it,s
fate.

  We 'fHought we knew where Butch Poteet
had formerly resided, and steered a zigzag
course in tjiat direction. The night was
somewhat thick—not to say opaque—which
may have confused us.

  At any rate, when we got to where Butch
had made his place of abode, according to
my recollection, it was a vacant lot—and

tained by consulting the regulator in the
glare of a one-thousandth candle - power
match.

  I suggested that we might work to better
advantage if we had a light lunch—ham
and eggs, pie, cereals, etc.—before we es-
sayed our task, but Honk overruled the
motion.

  That power-house was the hardest thing
to find I’ve ever strained my eagle eyes
looking for. Several times we came very
near deciding that it had been eradicated
from the face of the earth; but we couldn't
find the place it had stood on, so a lingering
hope remained.

  Now and then we collided with some
682

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

\

obstruction, or stepped into a vacancy in tlie
atmosphere, that jarred our back teeth loose,
all of which made it very cheerful. I for
one became so utterly bewildered that holes
looked like embankments and level pave-
ments like ravines.

   With some little exertion we safely thread-
ed a maze of ponds, fell and slid along with
an avalanche of tin cans down a dump,
climbed the side of a canon, ran into a fire-
plug, splashed several mudholes dry—and
then we found the object of our search.

  “Here we are,” said Honk. “We’d
ought to have followed the switch-track
around from the depot and saved time.”

  “ To say nothing of the wear and tear on
the landscape,” I added. “ I wish I had a
change of clothes and a Dutch lunch! ”

  “ Cheer up! ” he said. “ The worst is
over.”

  We groped our way along the damp brick
wall of the building, coming to a door after
a while, which was locked, of course.

  “ Maybe we can get in through the coal-
chutes,” Honk said. We groped our way
to the rear of the place, where a coal-car
stood along the wall.

   We scuttled up the side and over the top,
discovered a black hole, climbed through,
and dropped on all fours to a pile of steam
coal, from which we made our way—pretty
well soiled, but still patriotic — into the
boiler-room.

  I struck a match.

  In its momentary gleam, Honk surveyed
the interior and I surveyed Honk. He was
a sight for the gods.

  “Now, if we can rustle a lamp or a light
of some sort,” he said, “the rest'll be easy.
In a couple of hours we’ll have this outfit
hollering for the union! But, say! They’ve
made some radical changes around here, me-
thinks. The place don’t look natural.”

  At that juncture he made a discovery.

  “What do you know about this?” he
exclaimed. “Fires banked!” He held a
lighted match so he could see the steam-
dial. “ And eighty pounds of steam! What
was it that kid at the depot said? Hadn't
-had no lights for a week? There's some-
thing decomposed in Denmark, Horace.
Let’s investigate this joint a little.”

  We made our way quietly up a short
flight of steps, and through a little doorway
into what was presumably the dynamo-
room.

  “ Flere’s some more funny how-d’ye-dos,”
said Honk. “This looks more like an ice-

plant than a dynamo-room. Compressors,
by cricky! What are we up against,
Horace ? ”

  I opened my mouth to extend the usual
invitation for a personal search—but the
words were still-born. A hateful-looking,
sour-visaged man, with a revolver that
looked as big as a turret-gun on the battle-
ship Iowa, riz up from behind a steam-chest
and took possession of us. He told us to
“put up them hands! ” I did so—

  Honk hesitated, and—bang! The bullet
whined by Honk’s-ear, and—he put ’em up.

Within a minute after the shot, a second
ruffian appeared on the scene with an addi-
tional cannon. The opposing forces being
more evenly matched, we offered to arbitrate.
Honk volunteered a line of explanations.
“We came out to fire up and start the
juice-plant.” he said reassuringly. “ I'm
Simpson, of the Transcontinental. Put up
your artillery, gents; we won’t hurt you.”
They gave us the gloomy glare.

  “ Search ’em. Bill,” growled the mean-
looking one, “ ‘n’ see if they’ve got any
shootin’-irons. We've been lookin’ for you
two for some time,” he continued, address-
ing Honk and me. “ The Valhalla Packin’
Company’s been havin’ brass and lead pipe
swiped for some time, and they’re gettin’
tired of it! Now, you two just keep your
flippers up and march where we tell you! ”
To make mince-meat of a lengthy recital,
they drilled us through a side entrance and
along a loading - dock to a signalophone.
There Bill requisitioned the patrol-wagon
and a flock of cops, while the other kept two
eyes and his armory trained on us, and
studiously ignored all explanations, excuses,
alibis, _and pleadings for clemency.

  “Tell your troubles to the judge,” he
said. “ He gets paid for listening to 'em.
We don’t.”

  I climbed into die j ingle-j angle wagon
and sat down with a sigh of relief. A ride
back over diat dark road to town looked
good to me. Honk, however, lost his tem-
per, threatened to resist arrest, and—you
know what happens when a fellow resists
arrest! Biff! Bim! Well, he thought
better of it before it was too late.

  So we rode back to town.

  At 2 a.m. by the clock over the sergeant's
desk, we were booked in the big book—our
names were not familiar to anybody present

—	refused bail until after breakfast, and
ruthlessly locked with a clang in an iron
cell that smelled worse than I expected.
HONK AND HORACE.

683

Locked in the hold-over as suspicious char-
acters. Bah! And we made the town what
it is! Brought ’em up out of obscurity—
for this! ”

  “We’ll have to stay in nights,” I said,
“ or get us a guardian to look after us when
we wander at large.”

  The chilly, dove-colored dawn straggled
through the grating of our cell-door after an
interminable wait, but breakfast was a long-
er time coming than that.

  I,	too, almost lost my temper. And when

tousled hair, behind a regulation bar of
judgment.

  We were arraigned without having had a
chance to brush off, wash the coal dust or
mud from our faces and hands, or tidy our-
selves up in the least. Whatever the charge
might be, we looked guilty on general
principles.

  “ Feloniously entering and obtaining ac-
cess . . . with intent to pilfer and steal,” the
clerk read sonorously.

  “Admitted to bail,” snapped the judge.

  Honk raved and gnawed at the grating.
I might have snatched a few minutes’
repose if he hadn’t took on so, and if I
hadn’t been so empty. I still contend that
Honk would have looked at the matter more
in the light of a joke if we had hunted up
a restaurant and fed our faces before start-
ing out that night.

  An empty stomach is a pessimist’s best bet
and a handicap to philosophy.

  “ Come on, sit down, and let your blood
cool off,” I advised. “ They’ll apologize
and turn us loose in the morning as soon
as somebody with a human brain shows up.
Why all this charging back and forth,
Polyphemus? I’d rather be here than
scaling ponds and wading dumps out
there in the inky darkness.”

  “ But the humiliation, Horace! The
preposterous, ridiculous, grotesque, plu-
perfect asininity of the thing! We’ll
be the laughing-stock of the commu-
nity. A fine reception for us, isn’t it?

they passed in our allowance it consisted of
a solitary sinker and a tin cup full of sour
coffee.

  I went to pieces after that breakfast. My
tire was punctured. I had borne up bravely
until then—but when they brought us that
breakfast, Hope shrieked and fell frothing
at the mouth, and Gloomy Forebodings fore-
closed a mortgage on my soul.

  At eight-thirty a big duffer with a key
attached to a wooden paddle opened the
door of our coop. He then escorted us into
the presence of Justice, in the shape of a
slant-browed man with a cruel mouth and

"come on, sit down, and let

YOUR BLOOD COOL OFF.”
684

THE RAILROAD AIAN’S MAGAZINE.

“Two thousand dollars each; cash bond
required.”

  Honk cleared his throat and lifted a sooty
hand.

  “Excuse me, judge,” he said. “This
charge is all a ridiculous mistake. We can
easily prove our identity, but we want this
thing kept quiet. It has been a very hu-
miliating contretemps. I ask you to tele-
phone the representative of the Transcon-
tinental and have him come here at once.
He’ll vouch for us.”

  The clerk of the court did the telephoning.
He announced the result in a bored voice.

  “Witness states over the phone that two
men were hanging around the depot last
night. They acted suspiciously and were
ordered off. Says the taller man was named
Hohenzollern, and the short one gave a name
impossible to remember.”

  The court tightened up his lip and fixed
us with a baleful eye.

  “ Make that bond—”

  “ Just a-moment! ” shouted Honk. “ That
was an irresponsible boy talking to you.
Call the Transcontinental man, I tell vou!”

  “Or send for Doc Pillsbury or J. Carter
Finley,” I added. “ They know us. We're
the new—”

  The blare and boom of a brass band
passing along the street, drowned further
argument for the time being. The court re-
laxed its dignity long enough to look out of
the window. Honk and I, being near the
same window, necked with the rest.

  A considerable crowd of citizens, in car-
riages and on foot, were out early engaged
in some kind of a demonstration. I caught
a glimpse of several familiar faces, among
which was Butch Poteet, large as life and
beating the bass drum in die band.

  “ What’s up ? ” asked the judge. “ Where
are they headed for?”

  “ I understand,” returned the clerk, “ that
two young men who formerly represented
the railroad company here are expected on
the morning motor. They're coming back
to take charge of the railroad's interests.
That’s the reception committee—”

  “ Lock these men up,” said the judge.
“ I think I'll go down to the station myself.
Court is now adjourned.”

CUTTING DOWN CASUALTIES.

The “ S?fety First” Movement on the Chicago and Northwestern Meets

with Promising Results.

CASUALTIES to employees of the Chicago
and Northwestern Railway have been re-
duced during the last few months to the extent
of fifteen per cent in the number of fatalities re-
ported, and ten per cent in the number of injuries.
Such a statement ought to attract attention.
Humanitarians will be glad to learn of the pro-
gress, and railroad officials, from the standpoint
of efficiency, will be interested to know by what
means the good results were secured. Vet the
plan is simple enough.

  Every one who has looked into the subject is
familiar with the fact that the lamentable totals
to which the industrial accidents of the country
mount up, are due not so much to the great
catastrophes, the accidents of large magnitude
wherein numbers are killed or injured, but pri-
marily the frightful aggregate is due to the many
small accidents involving as a rule but one man.

  These minor accidents, in the vast majority of
cases, are due to1 comparatively insignificant
causes; they are brought about by the failure
of employees in some every-day matter, or the
ncglcct of some elementary precaution. Care-
lessness or thoughtlessness, sometimes due to ig-
norance or inexperience, cause injuries in ways

  that are subject to the most simple remedies, if
rhe men themselves could but be brought to have
the proper interest in the matter.

  Working upon this theory, a systematic cam-
paign for safety was organized under the direc-
tion of the claim-departmerrt of the Chicago and
Northwestern Railway, somewhat less than a year
ago. It involved means for the education of
officers and employees in the benefits that might
be gained by following the watchword of the
movement. “ safety first." and means for securing
the cooperation of the men in all the departments
of the road.

  The most recent development of the plan, and
what has given the remarkable results mentioned
in beginning our comments, was the organization
of safety committees. There is first a central
committee, of which Mr. R. C. Richards, general
claim-agent. is chairman, and which is composed
of two general superintendents, the engineer of
maintenance, the assistant superintendent of mo-
tive-power and machinery, supervisor of motive
power and machinery, trainmaster of the freight-
terminals. and the assistant superintendent of the
car department.

  There is then' on each division a division safetv
FIRST AID TO THE INJURED

6S5

committee composed of the divisonal officers, and
there is an employees’ committee on each division
composed of an engineer, fireman, conductor,
brakeman, trackman, station-agent, and switch-
man, and a similar committee of employees for
the shops and roundhouses. The employees' com-
mittees hold their individual meetings once a
month, and they are given trips of inspection over
their respective divisions accompanied by the
division and some of the general officers.

  On these trips they divide themselves into sub-
committees, each of which gives especial notice to
certain subjects assigned to it, going over the
ground thoroughly.

  In this way, every detail of tracks, yards, sta-
tions, roundhouses, machinery, and shops are in-
spected, and the faulty conditions either remedied
by Ihe division officers, or reported to the supe-
rior committee.— The Railway and Engineering
Review.

 FIRST AID TO THE INJURED.

Valuable Instructions Issued by the Pennsylvania Railroad for the Use of

                  Its Employees in Case of Accident.

    HE person in authority should take charge.
        KEEP COOL.

  Send for the nearest physician; give him as
near as possible the character of the injuries. Do
not wait to get a number of physicians; this can
be done later if necessary.

  Remove injured person from the wreckage, using
the utmost care not to further injure him.

  STRETCHER. The stretcher can be used as
a cot. It requires three men to place a person
properly on a stretcher. Set up the stretcher;
place it alongside the injured person. The three
men should then stand at the side of the injured
person away from the stretcher; one should place
his hands under the head and shoulders, the other
under the hips, and the third take charge of the
injured part; lift him up and lay him gently on
the stretcher.

 KEEP THE CROWD AWAY, so as to insure
plenty of fresh air.

  EXAMINE the injuries carefully before doing
anything.

  DON'T TOUCH open wounds with the hands,
nor attempt to remove dirt, nor apply unclean
dressings of any kind, as infection may be intro-
duced by so doing.

  FIRST - AID PACKET contains two aseptic
compresses wrapped in oil paper, one cambric
bandage, one triangular bandage, and two safely
pins. In dressing wounds, place the compress on
the wound without touching that part which comes
in contact with the wounded surface, secure with
the cambric bandage, and, if necessary, wrap the
whole with triangular bandage. This latter can
be also used as a sling and to secure splints. If
the contents of the one packet are insufficient, use
more.

  HEMORRHAGE. To arrest hemorrhage, place
compresses on the bleeding part and secure firmly
with the cambric bandage; if bleeding continues,
apply more compresses and more pressure until
bleeding ceases. If this fails, tie a bandage
around the limb between the point of hemorrhage
and the body, and twist tightly with a stick until
bleeding stops. Then secure bandage.

  FRACTURE. Broken bones should be treated
with splints, the splints secured in position by
triangular and other bandages. The splints should
reach from below the lower joint to the one above
the fracture. Folded newspapers, pieces of board,
heavy pasteboard, or anything sufficient to pre-
vent movement of the broken ends of bones upon
each other will answer.

  BURNS. Burns should be treated in the same
manner as wounds. Do not forcibly remove cloth-
ing; cut the clothes away, if necessary. Where
there is much pain, common baking soda dis-
solved in water may be used to saturate bandage.
Don’t use preparations of oil, as they are liable
to cause infection.

  SHOCK. Shock is a condition of almost com-
plete absence of the signs of life, such as sighing
respiration, pale, cold, clammy skin, etc. Don’t
give whisky, or any other stimulants, or drugs;
the principal requirements are internal and ex-
ternal heat by means of hot coffee, hot milk, and
other hot drinks, and the application of heat by
means, of blankets, hot water-bottles, hot bricks,
etc. In cases of apparent drowning and electrical
shock, use artificial respiration as taught in First
Aid lectures.

  UNCONSCIOUSNESS. Persons unconscious
from any cause should be removed to a quiet place
and laid upon the back. Keep every one away
and let plenty of air get to the sick person. Loosen
the clothing about the neck and abdomen. If the
conditions are like shock, use same treatment.

  FITS. A person suffering from a fit should be
kept quiet, on the back. Loosen the clothing about
Ihe neck and abdomen, and be careful he docs not
injure himself while in the fit.

 HEAT EXHAUSTION AND SUNSTROKE.
In the former the skin will be cold and clammy,
and the conditions will be the same as shock; the
same treatment will be required. In cases of
sunstroke the body feels hot to the touch; is dry.
Apply ice to the abdomen, head and other parts
of the body by rubbing with pieces of ice, or crack-
ing the ice and putting it in cloths over the parts
named above.
The A. B. C. of Freight Rates.

BY JOHN C. THOMSON.

IN the two articles which appeared in the January and February numbers
of The Railroad Man's Magazine, we discussed freight rates from
the standpoint of the land. In this article we will look at the subject
from the standpoint of water competition and inland waterways.

    All that we know about freight rates to-day can be summed up briefly:
I. That transportation by ocean, river, canal, and railroad is in each case a
separate proposition. 2. That there is as much difference between a canal
and a river as there is between an ocean and a railroad. 3. That all four
have great influence on each other, but just to what extent no man knows.

4.	That the railroad seems to have a closer connection with each of the three
water routes than they have with each other. 5. That cartage through the
streets of a city has a great and direct bearing on all four.

Aside from Certain Conditions, Largely Established by Nature, the Making
of Freight Rates Is Largely Guesswork, Based on
the Elastic “ Per-Ton Mile.”

PART III.

cars are under United States control—ex1
cept those running on Canadian soil and
across the narrow neck of land in Mexico
from ocean to gulf. All the deep-sea ves-
sels are not under our control. Our co^t»£^
ing vessels are, to be sure; but a ship
flying the British flag and running with
wheat from Portland, Oregon, to Liverpool,
England, is practically free of all our laws
in regard to freight-rates.

  Yet this ship carries wheat in competi-
tion with our transcontinental railroads,
and, therefore, it greatly affects freight-
rates between ever}- town from Oregon to
New York.

  Keeping this fact in mind let us see. by
illustration, how it works out in practise.
We will say that the Interstate Commerce
Commission, the shippers all the way from
the Pacific to the Atlantic seaboards, and the
railroads—hay a dozen of them—have all
agreed on certain rates on all goods.

686

           the early days of the Interstate
Commerce Commission that body
endeavored to confine itself to
rates on land alone, but soon
found, as it so well worded the
matter, “ water competition is
like Banquo’s ghost, it will not stay buried
and rises at the most awkward times.”
Through sheer force of circumstance, the
commission was compelled to consider water
competition in connection with every rail-
road freight-rate in the United States.

  What made this a very awkward matter
was that Congress, in its innocence about
such affairs, practically forbade the com-
mission having anything to do with ship
traffic, directly or indirectly, but ships and
freight-cars have a way of combining in
spite of Congress or commission, so. in time,
both bodies slowly awoke to the fact that
the two would have to be considered together.
Another trouble enters. All the freight-
THE A. B. C. OF FREIGHT RATES.

687

  Wheat shall pay so much, lumber so
much, shoes so much, iron ore so much,
coal so much, and so on indefinitely. All
is peace and everything is working smooth-
ly, when suddenly this same English ship—
multiplied by a hundred more—offers to
carry lumber to Europe from Puget Sound
for less than we charge to haul it by rail to
New York or Boston, and then by ship to
Europe.

  As we have practically no ships on any
ocean given to commerce, the ship charges
from New York or Boston to England or
Germany or France are made by foreign
ship owners. Therefore, we cannot lower
the ocean rate from the Atlantic cities of
America to Europe, and if we do not lower
our rates from Puget Sound to Europe on
some part of the route, we get nothing to
carry.

  It will all go in the bottoms of the British
ships. Clearly, we must cut the railroad
rate on lumber, or wheat, or whatever the
cargo is, between New York and the Pacific
coast.

  Right here our troubles all break out
afresh. Where all was industrial peace all
is now confusion. It is much like a hive of
bees, every one is happy putting up honey
till some one from the outside world sud-
denly smokes them out.

  If the rate is cut on transcontinental wheat
and lumber—as it must be cut if it is to be
moved over our rails—then other rates must
go up or else the railroad must go out of
business.

  That is practically impossible, so up go
the rates on other goods, but down they go
on transcontinental, but not local, lumber
and wheat.

Its Positive Effects.

  This has two immediate effects. It puts
a shoe merchant in Denver, say, out of busi-
ness, because he cannot pay the higher
freight-rates on shoes and live, and it makes
the through rate on wheat from Puget
Sound to the Atlantic-less than from Ne-
braska to the same port.

  These two men complain, and their cry
is just, apparently. But what can be done
about it? All any one can do is to refer
the Nebraska wheat farmer and the Denver
shoe man to the owner of the British tramp-
ship, and beg him to raise his rates on
wheat from Puget Sound to Liverpool.

  The Britisher grins and remarks that
what happens is none of his concern.

  So, when some local experts gather around
a stove in Podunk Center, and after agree-
ing that the United States can whip the
world with one hand tied behind its back,
let them remember that Uncle Sam cannot
dictate what an English ship owner shall
charge for transporting wheat between any
two ports in the world, unless both these
ports are under the Stars and Stripes.

  Such very shortsightedness is the cause,
perhaps, of nine-tenths of all our freight-
rate rows. As a weary freight-rate clerk
writes in the February number of The
Railroad Man’s Magazine, he is asked
over the telephone a dozen times a day to
explain in a few moments what is here
taking us many pages just to outline.

Clerk vs. Shipper.

  The line of conversation runs something
Jike this:

  Irate Shipper: “Say, you! You’ve
made a mistake. You’ve charged us $15
more on this carload of lumber than you
did on the previous car—the one we shipped
two months ago, and this car has 5,000 less
feet of lumber in it, at that! Why can’t
you keep your books straight, anyway?
Gone to sleep up there, or are you just try-
ing to slip something over on us? What? ”
Weary Clerk: “ Rate’s gone up on lum-
ber since the first of the month. Sorry,
but your bill is correct.”

  Irate Shipper: “ Go chase yourself, son!
I was shipping lumber over your road be-
fore you were born! You. can’t tell me
anything about rates on lumber! I know!
That’s my business, see? Now, see here!
Why has that rate gone up? Wasn’t you
gouging us lumber dealers enough as it
was? Giving the screw another twist, eh?
Why don’t you answer my question! Why
is the rate higher?”

  Weary Clerk: “ Well, you see the trans-
continental rate on lumber has gone down,
and so we have to raise the local rates—”
Irate Shipper: “ Suffering cats! Do you
mean that you have the nerve to sit there
and tell me to my face that you’ve cut the
rate on my stuff over a three-thousand-mile
haul, and, at the same time, have raised me
between here and Chicago? Four hundred
miles? You’ve got to show me!”

  Weary Clerk: “ But. you see, the Tramp
Steamship Line running from Liverpool
to Seattle cut the lumber rate, and so we
had to—”
688

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Irate Shipper: “Now, see here, son!
Don't you try to stuff me like that! Eng-
land has nothing to do with railroad rates
between Chicago and this .great city of Po-
dunk—the city of homes. I’m going to re-
port you to the Interstate Commerce Com-
mission and write a letter to the newspapers.
I've got to pay you, of course, but it’s rob-
bery. English tramp steamer! Lumber
from Chicago to Podunk! Rats! ”

   Now, if this shipper would only get down
his globe, take an A. B. C. course in phys-
ical and commercial ge'ographv, read a
primer on economics, he might learn some-
thing. Not only does the British steamship
owner have a great deal to say what Mr.
Podunk pays on his lumber by the carload,
but the French peasant—multiplied by a
few million—through the Bank of France,
has a great deal more to say. \

   In other words, no town, be it in Ameri-
ca or Europe, can escape the world-wide in-
fluence of interlaced capital. The minute
that Mr. Podunk reads that some big Ameri-
can railroad has placed $10,000,000 more
in bonds in the French market, just at that
moment he should have learned the fact that
Jean, the gardener, planting lettuce for the
Paris market, has a great deal to say about
what he, Mr. Podunk, shall pay on his load
of lumber from Chicago to his home town.

Government Subsidies.

  Enough has been shown here, I hope, to
prove that an English ship, on which the
French hold a mortgage, can and does affect
every railroad rate in the United States.
But there are other ships than those of
England. Germany has some; so has Japan.
To make matters worse, they are subsidized
by their governments.

  A subsidy is paid by a government to
help defray the running expenses of a ship.
For instance, a certain ship costs $2,000,-

000	to build and $2,000,000 a year to run.
The government pays, say, half the build-
ing cost, and $1,000,000 yearly toward run-
ning the ship. In return it has the right
to use the ship in war. There are many
other arrangements, but this serves our pur-
pose here.

   We have a ship earning interest on only
half its cost, and with this ship our rail-
roads must compete. It would be bad enough
to fight against a ship that had to earn in-
terest on her total cost, just as a railroad
must, but this subsidy gives the ship two

hands to fight with against the railroad’s
one.	-

  We are now beginning to see that many
things affect railroad freight-rates of which
the average shipper never dreams.

One Reason for Subsidies.

   If Great Britain, for instance, thinks that
Germany might declare war in 1914, and
that plenty of big ocean-going ships would
come in handy during a war, she increases
her subsidies.

  More ships are built. Entering the
world’s trade, they take lumber from Seat-
tle to any port in the world where there hap-
pens to be a market.

   England does not \rtint to bear the total
expense of building these ships, nor to have
them anchored idle in her harbors, so they
get cargees at any old rate just to keep full
and moving, and the government at home
foots the shortage as a war measure.

  Against such competition as this, what
can the United States railroad freiglit-agent
do? Nothing. Yet he is cussed and be-
rated daily from one end of the country to
the other for something for which he is
blameless.

   We have looked on salt water only. Now,
let us take a long “look-see” inland,
“where rolls the Oregon,” where die Father
of Waters flows, and where, incidentally,
the Missouri gets on a rampage and changes
state lines every year or two.

   Stately ships with canvas spread to the
zephyrs of Iowa corn-fields, great steamers
plowing across the prairies of Nebraska,
loaded in Paris and unloaded at your door
in Bismarck, Dakota, is not likely to come
to pass.

Small River Traffic.

                              V

   Before me, as I write, is a map issued by
the United States government, showing in
red ink all the navigable waters of this
country three feet in depth or over. A
glance at the map shows that considerably
over one-half of the United States is as
white as snow; that from the Missouri
River to the Pacific coast, navigable streams
are about as rare as dodos.

   The map also indicates that, to-day, in-
land water shipments are mostly limited to
the Mississippi, Hudson, and Columbia
Rivers and their branches.

   River traffic on the Columbia is practi-
cally nothing—not counting, of course, the
THE A. B. C. bF FREIGHT RATES.

6S9

use of the river for the first hundred miles
as the entrance of Portland’s harbor. Traf-
fic on the Missouri is even less valuable,
so we are reduced to the Mississippi and the
Hudson as the only two river traffic-carriers
in the United States.

  Here and there some little steamboat puffs
along, but it is more local pride than any-
thing else, and pleasure passengers pay most
of the profits.

  The connection of inland waterways with
railroad freight-rates is this:

  Most of the tonnage — the amount of
freight hauled over our rails to-day—con-
sists of such material as coal, ore, lumber,
and grain, cheap, heavy material in regard
to which speed of transportation is not of
immediate importance. Fruit or live stock
has to be moved as rapidly as possible, like
passenger traffic, but iron ore can move five
miles an hour or fifteen miles an hour de-
pending on which speed is the cheapest—
and it matters little.

  It is suggested that a great deal of this
heavy cheap freight can be moved over in-
land waterways, thus saving the expense of
shipping by rail, and leaving the railroad
free to handle the goods that must move
quickly.

  This is practically the sole reason why in-
land waterways are favored by many, al-
though there are several other indirect
reasons.

  A railroad, by its very nature, must be
under one control; but the waterway, like
the common road, is open to every one.

  Thus it is said that with free waterways,
competition will regulate freight-rates and
prevent the railroads from dictating rates.
In other words, if the rate by rail on coal is
too high, then the coal will move by water,
and, therefore, the rail-rate can never be
higher than the water-rate, while the freight
is open to every one who wants to build and
run a boat.

Rivers and Canals.

  To return to our ships sailing from Chi-
na to North Dakota by way of the Indian
and South Atlantic Oceans, the Mississippi
and the Missouri Rivers. This foolish idea
has been actually suggested as being prac-
tical.

The water of a river is fresh, that of the
sea is salt. Salt water supports a heavier
load per cubic unit than does fresh water.
Any one may test this by dropping an egg
S RR

into fresh water and then adding salt till
the egg floats. As applied to ships, this
means that a vessel loaded to draw ten feet
at sea will draw over ten feet in fresh water.
If loaded properly in fresh water, then more
cargo must be added when salt water is
reached, or the reverse.

  The ocean is deep and propulsion is easy.
A river or a canal is usually shallow, the
bottom of the river is only a few feet below
the bottom of the vessel, and a screw stirs
up the mud and causes bars to form. The
side-wheeler is the best form of boat for the
usual river, but they are no longer com-
mercially possible on the ocean.

  Then, too, vessels large enough to pay
a profit on the sea are too large to enter
most of our rivers, except, perhaps, in a few
cases at the very mouth. J. J. Hill says that
a vessel must be able to carry 16,000 tons
to compete successfully with the freight-car,
and no 16,000-ton vessel is practical on
inland waterways. The Great Lakes are
not considered here as inland waterways;
we are dealing'with rivers and canals only.

Full Cars Only.

  There is a vast difference between a river
and a canal. A river rises and falls from
one month to another, depending on the
ram-fall and the melting of snow, often
thousands of miles away, while the water
of a canal is practically of the same depth
the year round. Ice frequently closes rivers
and canals in winter.

  The difference of the depth of water from
time to time is of great importance.

  In the case of a canal a warehouse can
be erected at the very water’s edge, and
machinery installed to handle freight, but
in the case of the river, the warehouse must
ever be above the highest possible water line,
and this leaves the vessel considerably away
from the warehouse when there is low water
in the river.

  A river has a current, but a canal has
none—except, perhaps, a very slow current
hardly worth considering. Every one knows
that it takes more power and time to go up-
stream than down. It frequently takes from
two to five times as long to go up-stream
as down.

  We have seen the importance of regular
service, and full cars both ways in railroad
practise. The same applies to freight-serv-
ice by water. In a canal, the conditions are
similar to those of a railroad, but, in a
c>

690

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

river, the current cuts a vast figure if it is
at all swift in places or at certain times.
Then, too, sand and mud-bars are always
forming and changing in a river but not so
in a canal.

  Inland waterways, it has been seen, are
divided into two parts—the river and the
canal. There is a closer connection between
the railroad and the canal than there is be-
tween the canal and the river. The freight-
car is only a canal-boat floating on axle-
grease instead of water.

Merely a Matter of Friction.

  Transportation, in the last analysis, re-
duces itself to a matter of friction, and the
car-wheel is related closer to the rail than it
is to the body of the car. There is but little
friction between the wheel and the rail, the
friction all comes between the axle and the
wheel, and here the axle floats on axle-
grease, just as does the canal-boat in the
water.

  The canal-boat is cheaper and easier to
move because the friction on the water per
pound of load is less than the friction be-
tween the axle and the wheel. That is all
there is to it.

  Friction spells coal, engine-power, heavier
rails and bridges, lower grades; in fact,
friction is responsible for nine-tenths of the
cost of building and running a railroad.
Therefore, just because the canal-boat meets
with less friction for the same load, we
have this great question of inland water-
ways slowly coming before the public.

  Here we come to one of the most uncer-
tain things in the railroad world, the fa-
mous “ton-mile.”

  The ton-mile means this: Suppose a
railroad hauls 100 tons 1,000 miles.
Another railroad hauls 50 tons 2,000 miles.
By multiplying the tons and the miles to-
gether, we get in either case 100,000 ton-
miles. (100 x 1,000 or 50 x 2,000 equals

100.000	in either case.)

  Now, 100,000 ton-miles is supposed to
be equal to hauling 1 ton 100,000 miles, or

100.000	tons, one mile. This is the ton-
mile in theory.

The “ Per-Ton " Mile.

  There are so many railroads, and so
many different lengths of hauls—in fact,
millions of them—that some common basis
of measurement must be taken to get an

idea of what it costs to run one railroad as
compared with another railroad and for a
hundred and one other comparisons.

  If a man in Salt Lake City thinks that
the General Pacific Railroad is charging
him too much for freight from Chicago, and
he goes before the Interstate Commerce
Commission with his_grievance, the railroad
man rises in open court and proves that the
General Pacific is “only earning one cent
per ton-mile compared to the Podunk and
Pacific which is allowed by the commission
to earn two cents per ton-mile.”

  So we see how important this “ per ton-
mile ” is in railroad matters. In measuring
freight traffic it is the same as the pound to
the grocery-store, the foot-rule to the land
surveyor, or the second to the watchmaker
—the standard of measurement.

  However, the ton-mile has been severely
attacked as an unsafe and unreliable meas-
uring-stick. It is claimed that the very
basis of the ton-mile is not sound—that to
move one ton 100,000 miles is not equal to
moving 100,000 tons one mile, or 100 tons

1.000	miles.

  In abstract physics, the amount of force
(energy), is the same in each case, but the
railroad in our workaday world has many
other things to consider than mere physics.
Loading and unloading, for instance.

  No Basis for Foreign Comparison.

  To pull 100,000 tons of coal one mile
over level rails would cost, probably, about
half a cent a ton, or a total of $500, but to
load and unload that coal by hand would
cost many times $500. In this case, the
ton-mile charge would be about half a cent,
plus load and unloading charges of, say,
50 cents a ton, or a total ton-mile cost of
50 ^ cents.

  To load one ton and unload it at the
end of its journey would cost, at the same
assumed rate for shoveling, only 50 cents.
The cost of moving a ton one mile would
be half a cent, just as in the other case, but
this half-dollar loading and unloading
charge would be spread so thin over that

100.000	miles of run that it could hardly
be figured.

  So we have 100 times a higher ton-mile
charge in one case than in the other, and the
basis is supposed to be the same.

  So far as I know, there is no reliable
basis for any comparison of freight-rates
between Europe and America. The ways
THE A. B. C. OF FREIGHT RATES.

691

of bookkeeping vary widely in European
countries—France figures one way, and
Germany another — the distances vary so
greatly, the amount and character of goods
hauled van' so greatly, and the laws regula-
ting railroads and railroad construction are
so. different, that the “ton-mile,” as a meas-
urement between European and American
railroads is hardly worthy of consideration.

  Although there is no basis of comparison,
the ton-mile is often used to prove things
one way or another—just as the prover
wishes.

  There is no “ common ground ” in figur-
ing the cost of operation of the railroads of
various countries. All we can get is the
grand totals. These are of questionable
value.

  Inland waterways from the standpoint
of cost to build and operate as compared
with a railroad or the entire railroad service
of the nation, is an interesting phase.
About the only comparison attempted so
far has been with the ton-mile, and, as we
have just seen, that that is not a safe guide.

  Right here stalks in the “door-to-door”
service of the freight-car compared to the
canal-boat, or the river-boat. By “ door-
to-door ” is meant that a freight-car can be
loaded at a factory door in Battle Creek,
Michigan, and unloaded at a warehouse
door in Denver, Colorado, thus doing away
with the cost of all cartage through the
streets of either city.

  In the case of a boat on the Erie Canal
one might, or might not, be able to load the
boat at the factory door in Buffalo, and he
certainly could not unload it at a warehouse
door in New York City.

Cost of City Cartage.

  So. while the ton-mile figure might be
less by way of the canal-boat, when city
cartage is added, the ton-mile charge leaps
far above that of the freight-car. Moving
freight is not simply from city to city, nor
from depot to depot, but from “ door to
door,” and this may, or may not, mean the
often very expensive item of cartage through
crowded city streets.

  The “Belt Line’’ railroad circling Chi-
cago saves that city millions of dollars year-
ly in cartage charges.

  Freight must be sorted and distributed
just like letters in the mail. In fact, when

it comes right down to actual facts, a letter
is just as much freight as is an ounce of
coal, and what applies to the mail service
in most cases fits equally well in freight
transportation.

   That our rivers run idle to-day is due to
three possible reasons:

  First. Because no river or canal can
compete with the freight-car running from
door to door.

  Second. Because the rivers and canals
would be of the utmost value, if they were
provided with suitable terminals, which,
to-day, are lacking.

  Third. Because the railroads are the
keenest competitors of inland waterways.

Waterways Out of Date.

   It may be true that the river and the canal
are as hopeless out of date as the stage-
coach, the ox-cart, and the pack-mule, but
I do not know, and I do not believe that
any man knows. If he does, I would like
to learn his reasons for so thinking, provided
he does not base his conclusions on the ton-
mile or too much on averages.

  “The vicious habit of thinking in aver-
ages” is well to keep in mind when one is
considering freight-rates. A good mathe-
matician or bookkeeper can play with a
set of books about as he pleases. With his
journal and ledger he can prove almost any-
thing and then turn around and prove just
the contrary.

  All that any unbiased man to-day knows
about European and American freight-
rates, compared one to the other, is that
there seems to be no fair basis of compari-
son. The European railroad, for instance,
is maintained to a considerable extent as a
war measure, like a fort or a battle-ship;
in America, all railroads, except the Union
Pacific, which was a war measure, are pure-
ly commercial concerns. This alone destroys
all possibilities of economic, commercial,
or financial comparison. Hence* concern-
ing waterways, we cannot turn to Europe
for a guide with much hope of light on the
subject as applied to the United States.

  One might as well try to measure real
estate with a rubber band as to prove any-
thing concerning freight by the “ton-mile,”
and, so long as this is true, inland water-
ways will remain a matter of study rather
than of definite conclusion.

 In the fourth and concluding article in this series, which will appear in our July number, Mr.
 Thomson will discuss freight-rates from the bookkeeping and financial point of view.
 CATCHING THE BOAT.

BY GEORGE FOXHALL.

                   Sad Schmidt Falls Heir to Great
                   Wealth and Misses His Schedule.

I’M a sort of Ancient Mariner, though	Schmidt. I've been thinking it over ever

the Pennsylvania Railroad ferry	since in the constant glow of the tail-lights

between Desbrosses Street and	of missed trains, and I’ve come to the con-

Jersey City is the nearest I ever	elusion that Sad Schmidt is a contagious

• was to going to sea. Anyhow, like	disease, a desolation, a pestilence, and a de-

that poetic person, I’ve got a yarn	praved liar. That is, provided somebody

that I’ve got to get out of my system, and.	hasn’t ended his blighting career with a rope

then you ran kill me if you like.	or a gun by this time.

It’s now two years since I met Sad	You’ll notice how my paragraphs end with

AUNT JOHANNA
THOUGHT THAT
WAS HOW PEOPLE
GOT ONTO
STEAMBOATS."
CATCHING THE BOAT.

693

talk about sudden death. Well, that’s the
morbid condition to which Sad Schmidt has
driven me. You have probably gathered
that I hate Sad Schmidt. I do. Likewise
his present family an’ his antecedents, unto
the first generation. What did he do?

  He told me a story. That’s all. But,
say, that story has laid across my haunted
life like the ghost of a Welsh rarebit.

  Wait, an’ I'll tell it to you; not because I
want to entertain you, but because I might

pass the hoodoo on an’ be rid of it; and, as
you’ll observe, I’m a misanthrope with a
grouch.

  I was once a happy, care-free, genial-
hearted man. I carried through life a lend-
rne - a - dollar expression. My temper was
good, an’ my morals quite unapproachable.
If you had known me then you would have
loved me.	*

  To add atmosphere to my general charac-
ter, I will add that I am a traveling sales-
man for a soap house. Our matchless
cleansers were the envy and admiration of
our competitors.

  Well, two years ago I made Boolaboo,
Texas, in the flush of youth an’ optimism
an’ the confident belief that I would sell a
bill of goods to a hypocritical Boolabooer
named Job Jordan. I hadn’t much time to
do it and make the six-thirty out, but I'd

come half a day out of my route to sell
things to Jordan—so I meant to do it.

  I showed him samples of all our latest
grease-eaters. I scoured all his pots an’
pans, cleaned his filthy transom, polished
the parlor mirror, an’ then scrubbed down
the counter. It was hard work, but he was
as interested as a kid at a pig-killing, an’
I expected to get my day’s wage out of him.

  Just as I was rolling down my sleeves, I
heard the six-thirty at the whistling-post,
but I only smiled philosophically. There
was another train at eight o'clock, an’ I
knew by the pleased examination of Mr.
Jordan that I was going to do business.

  I whipped out my order-book an’ flipped
the perspiration from my brow.

  “You shore have got a handy line o’
goods,” said the Boolabooer, “ an’ you shore
are industrious at deemonstratin’ ’em.”

  “Why, that’s what I’m hired for, you
know, Mr. Jordan,” said I with a happy,
modest smirk; an’ I slipped the cap from
my fountain pen.

  “ I suppose so,” said Mr. Jordan, squint-
ing admiringly along the counter. “Now,
that there feller thatj peddles for the Snow
Soap Syndicate came along last week, an’ he
didn't do more’n just polish up a Lincoln
penny, an’ doggone me if I didn’t sign a
contract to sell nothin’ but their goods for
ten years. What; a fool I was! ”

  Nit! I saw that instanter. He was no
fool. It was me.

  I slipped my pen an’ book back in my
pocket an’ yanked out my watch.

  “I reckon I’ve missed my train,” I said,
calm and resigned..

  “That’s a shame,” droned Job, calm an’
resigned likewise. “ You'd orter watch that.
But maybe you’d ’a’ missed it, anyhow.
Some folks miss trains an’ boats by nature,
no matter how they try. Now, there’s Sad
Schmidt there, sittin’ on that bar’l. He
never caught a train in’s life. Did you,
Sad ? ”

  “Nor a boat,” moaned out the mournful-
est voice in the universe, an’ I turned to
see the forlorn an’ haunting figure of the
man who was to upheave my moral centers
an’ send me thudding down the road of life
with three wheels on the rails an’ the other
scattering my fires of ambition as it bumped
the ties of doom.

  To call him sad was an insult to mel-
ancholy. Hecuba an’ the Wandering Jew
and the guy who never smiled again were
cheerful playmates compared with him.
694

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  He was dressed in what were supposed
to be clothes, but they looked like he’d got
’em too late to do any good. The coat-
sleeves lacked a good four inches an' the
pants a good seven. You. could see he
hadn't even a melancholy pride in his fail-
ings; but evidently Job was proud of ’em
for him, else he was covering his own four-
flushing.

  “No, sir,” said Job, pretending to be en-
tertaining, “nor none of his family never
caught a train. Did they, Sad?"

  “Nor a boat,” mused Sad.

  “I shouldn’t think they could miss any
boats in Boolaboo,” said I. dropping into
a creaky chair an' discovering how hard I'd
worked.

  “We’ve traveled,” said Sad, turning up
another sod with his grave-digging voice.

  “Sad nearly lost half a million dollars
missin’ boats one time,” said Job, “him an'
his family.”

  I wondered what Sad would have looked
like if he’d lost that half a million right
out, but I said nothing. I hadn't got my
second wind yet.

  “Tell him about it, Sad," urged the old
Machiavelli. “ It’ll keep him from worry-
in’ about his own train."

  “ It’ll hoodoo him,” droned Sad: " It
alius does it to strangers. If he hears it,
he’ll never catch a train again without
missin’ one before he gets it."

  Job laughed; an’ if I'd known then what

I	know now, I’d ’a’ choked him an' Sad
Schmidt right there an’ 'a' t;ook my chances
on hanging.

  “ That’s the only joke that Sad ever
makes,” said he, “an' lie's mighty fond
of it.”

   “ He looks like lie’s fond o' somethin' de-
pressing,” said I, and because I was sick
of the sight an" sound of Job I turned to
Sad Schmidt.

  “Narrate the narrative." I suggested,
reaching between his long legs an' pulling
an apple out of the barrel.

  He came right at ilj. He didn't cough,
twitch his collar, clear his throat, smile, nor
hitch his pants above the knee. He didn't
make any of the customary introductions.
He just slid into that yarn like I’d dropped
a quarter in his gas-meter, an’ he never
raised the pressure. His voice had the ex-
quisite changes produced by an angry child
assaulting his father’s wooden leg.

  “ It was all along o' my father's Uncle
Naboth, who made half a million dollars

staying home to Germany while the rest of
the family got poor coming to America, an’
never got rich when they got here. Some
five years since he felt lie was beginning to
get old, so he writ over, to my dad that he
’lowed it was his intention that I should
heir his wealth, but he would like to see
me before he died.

  “ However, he’d heeard that I wasn’t fitten
to travel alone an’ was a hoodoo in com-
pany, so he reckoned he’d just ask his
brother or one of his two sisters to run over
to Germany an’ take my picture along, an’
then maybe he’d be content to die.

  “Aunt Johanna 'lowed that he’d likely
be more’n content to die after he’d seen it.
She only feared that he might commit sui-
cide. though I couldn’t see no sense in what
she said.

  “ Anyhow, she 'lowed she'd make the trip;
an', as she’d been contemplating making a
visit to the old country, she figured she’d
take her whole family, seeing as Uncle
Nabe was payin’ the freight.

  “ I reckon it was one of them female
aunts that must have driv’ it into the old
man about me bein’ so ontrustworthy to
travel, because them an’ pop, too, being
just as bad as me, I couldn't see why I
sh'd be singled out, 'nless that was it.

  “Of course, their reasons was to sour the
old man on me in favor of their own off-
spring, which was all young an’ childish,
dad bein' ten years the aunts' seniors.

  “ Well, nobody objected. We ’lowed that
if Aunt Johanna an’ her husband an’ her
seven children could get to Germany, they
was the only nine members of the family
that could get there, barrjn' them that'd
never left, an’ nobody c’d see what anybody
c'd do about it.

  “ Dad said it was all right, an’ so long
as they were going to take a picture of me,
they might as well take a good one, so he
lowed he’d trust 'em with the big crayon
portrait in a frame in the parlor. Aunt
Johanna confessed that she didn't want the
responsibility of that work of art. but dad
said:

  “‘ Johanna, I c’n see clear through you.
You're not goin' over there with them seven
offshoots o’ yourn without takin’ somethin’
that’ll do my boy justice in the eyes of
Uncle -Nabe, an’ it’s that or it’s nothin’.’

  “ Aunt Johanna took one look at the
crayon, an’ she said:

  “1 I reckon it just about does do him
justice. Carl. It 'bout looks like him. I
CATCHING THE BOAT.

695

hadn't thought about that before. I'll be
mighty glad to take it along.’

  “She laughed; but I couldn’t see nothin’
to laugh at. Neither could dad. He just
pulled his whiskers an’ 'lowed that barrin’
an unfortunate looseness in catching trains,
he was as smart as they made ’em, yet.

  “Well, they got their tickets for land
an’ sea, an’ thev put the clock two days an’

half an hour ahead, an’ they started for
the deepo in plenty of time.

  “But on the way, Cousin Willie cast a
shoe ’cos he’d developed an ingrowing nail,
an’ before they c’d persuade him to walk
or be carried without him busting a blood
vessel, doggone me if they didn’t hear the
engine whistle.

  .“Aunt Johanna grabbed an offspring
under each arm, but one of ’em slipped out
onto his nose, an’ Uncle Ben tumbled over
him, ’an the)- was all down to once. The
train went away. They waited for the next,
which was due four hours later, an’ was
four hours late, but they caught it.

  “ When they got to Washington, they
found they’d left the crayon portrait of me
somewhere, an’ it took three hours to trace
it. Then the feller said it’d take two more
hours to get it, an’ that there was a train
to New York every hour, an’ they c’d catch
the second one.

  “Aunt Johanna wanted to see the Presi-
dent an’ the Congressman what had -kissed

little Freddie last year. They didn’t see
’em, but they missed the train. They got
the next.'

  “ The conductor told ’em they’d just make
it from the ferry to the dock if the horse-
cars was running all right. The cars was
all right, but a horse died in the car they
was in.

  “ The man said they often did that,
though this horse had.only one leg an’ one
ear dead that morning, an’ he had trusted
him to go right through the day. He seemed
disappointed.

  “Well, they rushed onto the dock just as
the hands was starting to haul in the gang-

THE OLD MAN COME TO
HIMSELF AND YANKED
OUT HIS TIMEPIECE."
696

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

plank. There was a gap between it an’ the
boat already, an’ she was swingin’ away.

“ Uncle Ben gave a yell an’ picked little
Freddie up in his arms, ran up the gang-
plank an’ jumped. He landed all right.
Then he turned an’ sang out to Aunt To-

ll	anna :

“ ‘ Throw ’em up, Johanna !
Throw ’em up! ’

“Aunt Johanna thought that was
how people got onto steamboats, so
she picked up little William, swung
him an’ slung him. But Willie was
always a cross-grained little cuss, an’
he fell short an’ dumped into the
river.

“When Uncle Ben seen it, he gave
another yell an’ dove. He got Willie
all right, being a good swimmer,
but both of ’em was wet, an’ they
missed the boat, an’ little Freddie was
on board.

“Aunt Johanna began to scream,
but a man came up an’ told her they’d
send him back with Pontius Pilate or
somebody. She screamed some more
at that, but the feller explained who
Pilate was, an’ she guessed it’d be
all right, so she just gave Willie a
lickin’ for missin’ the boat, an’ later
on she gave Freddie a licking for
catching it, an’ then they came home.

“Well, after that Aunt Frieda
   ’lowed she’d go to Germany herself.
   What business had two fools with
   seven kids monkey-
   ing with time-ta-
   bles an’ upsetting
   ever y body ? She
   reckoned that her
   an’ the twins an’
   Tommy was just
   the right size of a
   party, an’ right ap-
   peal to sentimenta-
   lize Unde Nabe to
   a frazzle.

   “We never lieeard
a great deal about
Aunt Frieda’s trip.
We know she tried
for two days to
catch a train here,
an’ then she only
got one by sleeping
all night at the
deepo. Anyhow her
an’ the twins an’
Tommy slipped
back into Boolaboo
before a week was gone. Everybody ex-
pected it, so nobody said nothin’ to ’em,
except ma went over to borrow a sad-iron,
an’ she said she noticed that little Tommy
stood up all the time an’ seemed to prefer it.
CATCHING THE BOAT.

697

  .“Aunt Frieda brought the crayon portrait
back in a day or two, an’ handed in her
resignation without explaining, but I bribed
Tommy back of the woodshed to tell me all
about it. I bribed him with the promise of
a knife, but I reckoned afterward that he
didn't need no knife.

  “Well, it seemed that Tommy had been
reading all ’bout New York, an’ he 'lowed
he wanted to see these streets what was
made of tenderloin worse’n he wanted to go
to Germany. So he stowed hisself away on
a ferry-boat, an’ they dragged most of the
North River an’ the bay for him, an’ dis-
covered nothin’ but several other corpses
that didn’t belong to Tommy, an’ one or
two disused ballot-boxes, but nothin’ of no
value.

  “Then Tommy went to sleep, an’ when
he woke up he had pins an’ needles in his
arm, an’ he didn’t know where he was, an’
before he c’d remember he began to holler:

‘ Mommer ! Mommer ! ’ and they found
him.

  “ The boat was just docking from the
sixth trip since Tommy disappeared. Aunt
Frieda yanked him out an’ dashed up the
gangway without delay. A man said she
could make it if she run. She run. The
twins floated, Aunt Frieda swinging ’em
through the air an’ only letting ’em touch
the ground every hundred yards. Tommy
brought up the rear, still looking for tender-
loin.

  “When they rushed onto the dock the
distance to the steamer was too wide to
jump, an’ it was gettin’ wider. Tommy
found the tenderloin. He had it with him
when he got home.

  “Well, ma an’ dad sat in front of that
crayon portrait of me for a long time that
eve’ing—holding hands—dad pulling his
whiskers an’ ma crying soft.

   “‘ Ma,’ said dad, ‘ that there gem of art
shall go to Germany to comfort Uncle Nabe,
an’ to do justice to our son.’

      I wish I c’d think so, dad,’ said ma,
‘ but somethin’ tells me the boy ain’t goin’
to heir that wealth. How can we get it
there ? ’

      I will take it myself.’

  “Ma screamed. ‘You cannot go alone,
dad,’ she said.

   “ ‘ We will go together; you an’ me,’ said
dad; an’ they draped the crayon portrait of
me an’ went to bed.

  “ I reckon dad might have made itj. if
he’d left ma at home. First she discovered

that the train they were to leave Boolaboo
on was No. 1.5, an’ she wouldn’t take it.
It turned out after that it was the 32.
They waited for the next, which was two
hours late, but they’d given themselves lots
of time, an’ when they arrived at New York
they had three hours to spare.

  “They went for a walk, an’ bimeby they
came to a round building which everybody
seemed to be goin’ in free, so they went
along, thinking to get their money’s worth.

  “Well, it was a fish orphanage, or
somethin’. There was fishes without noses,
an’ fishes with bottle noses, an’ fishes with
noses four feet long, an’ fishes that changed
color, an’ some that’d stare at you all day
without ever changing color or wincing.

  “They were sure entertained, an’ when
the old man come to himself an’ yanked
out his timepiece, the boat had been due
out some ten minutes, an’ they were half an
hour away from the dock.

  “They didn’t say a word to each other.
They just turned right around an’ come
back to Boolaboo. Supper was ready for
’em, an’ nobody said a word about it for
three days.

  “Then dad said to me: 1 Son, it seems
like heaven intends you should go your-
self.’

  “I asked the old man if he was sure of
his authority, an’ he claimed he was, so I
bought me a new suit an’ the family knitted
me ties an’ socks an’ sewed my name an’
address from my hat to my shoes, an’ I
started off with a suit-case an’ the crayon
portrait of me.

  “Well, it was too bad. When I got half-
way I remembered that I'd forgotten my
pipe, but as I’d give myself plenty of time,
I went back for it. I’d got nearly to the
station again when I discovered that I put
the crayon portrait down to pick my pipe
up; so I had to go back again. I missed
the train. I got one, though, later on.

  “At Washington I had to change, an’
somehow I got half-way to Florida before
I found out I was in the wrong train. I
got out an’ went back.

  “ I had to wait an hour at Washington,
but I did get a train, an’ if I hadn’t got
on a tug instead of the ferry-boat, I ’low
I’d a got that steamer.

  “A feller asked me what I wanted, an’
I ’lowed I wanted to go to Germany. He
admitted they wasn’t goin’ any further than
Staten Island—an’ they didn’t. He said
the fare for passengers was ten dollars, but
698

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

"the steamer was too wide to jump, an’ it was

GETTJN1 WIDER."

I ’lowed that fifty cents would do him, an’
he said it would.

  “Two policemen showed me how to get
back. They bought tickets for me on the
railroad an’ another ferry. They said
they c’d get ’em cheaper than me, an’ they
got me right across the island for two dol-
lars.

  “Well, I heard the boat tooting as I
came up to the dock, an’ I was determined
by this time to get it. I jumped over two
trucks an’ a feller selling vi’lets an’ dashed
on as she was swingin’ off.

  “By this time Uncle Nabe had heeard of
most of the attempts, an’ I knew he’d be
relying on me. The boat was slipping
away, an’ so was my chance at Uncle
Nabe’s half a million. There was just one
way I might catch it. I climbed on a crowd
of piles, thinking I might make the jump
from them to the boat, but by the time I
got there she was well out, an’ I was just
makin’ up my mind to swim after her when
a boy’s voice hailed me.

  ‘“Hey, mister!’ he yelled; ‘are you
Lemuel Schmidt? 5

  I am,’ said I. waiting to dive.

  “ ‘ Here’s a telegram for you! ’

  “ It was from dad.

     Uncle Nabe says he’ll bet me a hun-
dred thousand dollars to a nickel you’ll be
only one to catch the boat. Better miss it.
Dad.’

  “That’s what it said, an’ I sorter agreed
with the old man that a hundred thousand
here was better’n half a million hereafter.
I came home.”

  Sad Schmidt paused.

  “ Did you get the hundred thou. ? ” I
asked.

  “ I should’ve done, stranger, but there
was one feller that didn’t miss a boat. It
went from Hamburg to Australia, an’ the
feller was the cashier in Uncle Nabe’s bank.
An’ now we are takin’ turns in keeping
Uncle Nabe. There’s (the whistle of the
eight-o’clock. I reckon you won’t get it.”

  I didn’t. I ran to the station, just like
the whole Schmidt family had done, but I
didn’t get it. I have never got one since
without first missing from one to ten.

  I'm a hoodooed an’ demoralized Ish-
mael, but now that I’ve got this yarn out
of my system, maybe the hoodoo is lifted.

JAPANESE SMOKE-PREVENTER.

FROM Japan come particulars of the inven-
tion of a smoke-preventing furnace, in
which compressed air is supplied to the fire
through tubes forming an upper grate. The fuel
is first deposited on this grate and partly con-
sumed; the combustion gases pass downward

through the grate, meeting the supply of com-
pressed air. By means of a reciprocating agitator,
the partially consumed fuel is caused to fall then
upon a second grate of the ordinary type, where
combustion is completed. One of the “ smoke-
preventers ” is being sent here for examination.
LULLABY OF THE WHEELS.

     BY J. EDWARD HUNGERFORD.

         Written for “The Railroad Man's Magazine.”

you hear us softly clickin’,
it make your pulses quicken—
it make you want to hum a little tune?
you’re feelin’ sad and weary
our music kind o’ cheery,
there somethin’ kind o’ restful in our croon?
Don’t our smooth and rhythmic meter
Make the weary hours go fleeter.

         When we’re puttin’ miles behind you on the fly?

         Ain’t our measure soft, poetic.

         Like a soothin’ anesthetic—

         Don’t it drowse you like a peaceful lullaby?

                     Oh, it’s spin, spin, spin.

                   And it’s work like sin;

For we’re racing with the seconds and they’ve got a show to win;
                   It’s a swift old pace,

                  And a reckless old race,

         But our only joy in being is to get some place!

         Oh, our days are mighty busy.

         And our mode of living dizzy,

         But it’s seldom that we ever lose our poise;

          For a little slip in action
          Is a serious infraction.

         And it makes a heap of trouble for the boys;

         If we’re weary and want resting.

          Then our song is shrill, protesting.

         And we screech along until we get release;

         But there’s seldom much the matter.

          After all our kick and clatter.

         And we’re silenced by a daub or two of grease.

                     Oh, it’s click, click, click.

   We’re kept a-moving quick.

There’s no end of miles to cover and we’ve got to turn the trick;
                   It’s a swift old race.

                  Yes, a dizzy old pace,

         But our only joy in being is to get some place!

 HEN :
 Don’t
 Don't
 When
 Ain’t
 Ain’t
When the Con Was “Called.

BY SAM HENRY.

' I "'HE TRUE STORY SERIES. Nearly every raw recruit who
A joins the great army of railroaders has to take his share of ridicide
from the old-timers. Sometimes, however, the fun goes a little too
far, and unless some kind-hearted veteran steps in and takes sides with the
new man, life is apt to prove anything but a bed of roses. That Mr. Henry
is still a clerk in Uncle Sam’s mail service was due to an eagle-eye “ putting
him wise ” and helping him to call the bluff of a certain conductor. Turn
about is fair play.

TRUE STORY, NUMBER FIFTY-SIX.

A Little Di'ama, Enacted in a Mail-Car by Several Trainmen and a Dog,
Which Was Suddenly Brought to an Unexpected

Climax.

JT was not long after my appoint-

I

     ment as a relief mail clerk, with
     headquarters at Houston, Texas,
     that one of Uncle Sam’s mail-
     sorters running from Bremond
     to Cisco was suddenly taken
     with what the chief clerk called the “home
     fever,” and I was sent to relieve him.

  You have seen pictures of a Reuben
coming to town ? Well, such pictures'might
have been taken from real life of me at that
time. About the only thing I had ever trav-
eled on was a Texas bronco. Just eighteen
years old, right from the forks of the creek.
1 was as green as they make ’em. In
fact, I have often wondered how I ever got
to Bremond. one hundred and fifty miles
from Houston, without an escort.

  When I started out from Bremond on
my first run, I noticed at each station that
the conductor and baggage-master kept hold-
ing a consultation of some sort, and often
glanced in my direction. I was too guile-
less to suspect anything, however, though I
made the trip to Cisco, wondering all the
way what they had been talking^, about.
Returning the next day, we were only about
thirty minutes out when the conductor
opened my partition door, and seeing me,
apologized for intruding, saying that he
thought his friend Edgar was on.

  It seemed that some one had given the
conductor a very valuable dog at Cisco, and
he had come to ask Edgar to allow him to
leave it by the stove on some mail sacks until
we got to Waco, his division point. Wish-

    Editor’s Note: All the stories published in this True Story Series have been carefully veri-
fied by application to officers or employees of the roads or companies concerned who are in a position
lo be acquainted with the facts. Contributors should give us the names of responsible persons to
whom we may apply for such verification, in order that fruitless inquiries may be avoided. This
condition does not imply any lack of confidence in the veracity of our contributors, but is imposed
merely to give greater weight and authenticity to the stories.

Series began in the October, (906, Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copies. JO cents.

700
WHEN THE CON WAS “CALLED.”

701

ing to be agreeable, I insisted that he bring
his dog in anyhow, and I stopped ray work
to help him tie the animal, giving him every
assurance that it would be well taken
care of.

  In about twenty minutes after the con-
ductor left, the partition door was again
opened—this time by a portly gentleman,
well-dressed, in a Prince Albert coat, and
having all the earmarks of a Western law-
yer. He seemed greatly surprised, as the
conductor had been, on seeing me there, and
also made profuse apologies—for disturbing
me, saying that he had thought his friend
Edgar was in the car.

Don Has Several Masters.

  Edgar, he said, was a fine fellow, and
everybody liked him. Then his eye fell
upon the dog.

  “Why, that’s not you, Don!” he cried.
Whereupon the old dog got up and wagged
his tail. “ That is Don. How did that dog
get there, Mr. Mail Clerk?”

  He then told me that early that morning,
and before starting to the train, he had sent
this very dog, which belonged to him, to
school with his little girl. As the dog was
never known to leave her, he felt certain that
something terrible must have befallen his
child when the dog had been taken away.

  “ Mr. Mail Clerk,” he concluded, “ in
Heaven’s name tell me quickly, how do you
come to have my dog ? ”

  I explained how the conductor had
brought him in to me. The man ripped
and swore. He informed me that he was
United States district judge, and that he
would call the law down upon the one who
had stolen his little daughter’s protector.

  I tried to pacify him, telling him that
possibly the dog had strayed away, and that
the conductor, knowing his value, wished to
take care of him. He would not accept my
explanation, however, saying that the con-
ductor knew his dog, and he was certain that
if he had seen him at the depot he would
have sent him home instead of bringing him
away. Finally he left, stating that he was
going to have it out with the conductor.

  I felt very uneasy, expecting serious
trouble between them. Directly they came
to my car together. The conductor seemed
angry and denied knowing anything about
the dog other than that he had seen me lead-
ing him down to the car, and he had noticed
that I had a hard time getting him in. To

substantiate this remarkable story he brought
in the baggage-master.

Accused of a Crime.

  The judge became angrier than before.
He went into a long rigmarole about what
the law would do to me, since I had been
caught redhanded, with every witness against
me, and ended with the cheerful information
that he was a personal friend of President
Arthur, and would see that I lost my job.
He would leave the dog with me until we
reached Waco, when an officer would take
charge of me.

  Knowing that I was innocent of wrong-
doing, yet accused of a crime and with no
one to defend me, I don’t believe any one
was ever more miserable than I at that
moment. Rather than face the disgrace of
arrest, I had about made up my mind to
abandon the train at the Brazos River, when
I heard a knock on the door next to the
engine. I opened it and found the engineer
standing outside.

  He had a good-natured face that made me
feel better at once. He came in and walked
over to the stove where the dog lay.

  “Well, Don,” he said, “you are a great
old rascal.” Then he turned to me. “ Say,
buddy, don’t look so downhearted. Them
galoots are only playing a joke on you. That
conductor and baggage-master are forever
up to some monkey-shine. Now, buddy, if
you will carry out my instructions we will
give them a scare they’ll remember, and
maybe it will break them of playing jokes.
Don belongs to that conductor, and he
wouldn’t take a thousand dollars for him.

   “ He can travel over the top of a string of
box cars as good as any braky, and I don’t
believe he has missed a trip with that con-
ductor in five years. Now, I am going to
take Don up on the engine, where he is as
much at home as he is here. You put a
lump of coal in this old gunny-sack, and
just as I slow down at the river, open the
partition door and holler to the baggage-
master: 7 Here goes that dog.’

The Eagle-Eye’s Plan.

   “ It will be so dark he can’t tell what it is
you are throwing out; but when he looks
around in your car and finds the dog is gone,
he will run back to the coaches to tell the
conductor. You had better bolt the door,
because that con is going to be some mad.
702

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

Let them pound on it until they break it
down, if need be, but don’t let them in. I
will be back as soon as I can get Don out
of sight.”

  I could have hugged the engineer for tell-
ing me it was all a joke, and was only too
glad to carry out his instructions.

  As we slowed down for the river I opened
the partition door and yelled to the baggage-
master: “Here goes that dog; I’ll get that
much of the evidence out of the way.”

  The baggage-master came to my door,
looked in, and, seeing Don was gone, ran
back for the conductor. I bolted the door,
as I had been told to do, and in about a
minute I heard such a pounding as no door
would stand very long. The engineer soon
returned, however, and, telling me to stand
aside, he jerked open the door. In rushed
the conductor, the baggage-master, and the
judge. The conductor made a jump for me,
but the engineer caught him, and I never
heard such a “ rolling ” as he gave all three
of them.

  “ You ought to be clubbed,” he said.
“ You have tantalized this kid all day un-
til you have driven him to desperation, and
now he’s gone and thrown your dog into
the river. I was looking back just now and
I saw something go over, so I came to see
what it was.

  “ The kid wouldn’t tell me much about
it; but as I am on to your pranks, I am
certain it was Don. Don’t you fellows know
that this lad can have every last one of you
arrested for interfering with the United
States mails? That door is cracked where
you tried to break in, and if he prefers

charges against you I will appear as a wit-
ness for him.”

  After this little speech the conductor
cooled down considerably, and after further
thought on the matter he became very pleas-
ant, and even tried to get chummy with me.
He was broken up over the loss of his dog.

  At our next stop he wired ba'ck to the
agent at Fowler to hunt up the section-boss,
who was a friend of his, and to tell, him
that when the train hit the curve at Brazos
River, Don, who had been standing close to
the door, had fallen out. The section-boss
was to go to the river and look for the dog.
He should have five dollars for his trouble,
and if he found him, ten dollars more.

  When we arrived at Waco, the end of
the division, the conductor came round to
try to persuade me not to report him. While
he was talking the engineer appeared with
Don, and the expression on that conductor’s
face certainly was a surprised one.

  He was so glad to get his dog back that
he took both of us to a restaurant and
bought us a fine dinner. He begged us to
keep the story quiet, for he said that he had
been guilty of so many pranks along his
run that if this were found out everybody
would have the laugh on him, so we prom-
ised not to give him away.

  The tale got out somehow, in the course
of time, and for quite a while, whenever
this conductor would hit a station, he would
be asked if he had found his dog yet. It
even got to some of the officials, and a wag-
gish despatcher, after issuing an order to
him, would often supplement it with the
question: “Have you found old Don?”

DUTIES OF A FIREMAN.

THE fireman has certain duties to perform in
connection with firing the engine besides
the actual putting in of coal or feeding the boiler
with water. On a great many railways these
duties are specified by the working rules and
regulations. The filling of oil-cans, getting stores,
sweeping of the deck, and wiping off the engine
or cab, though tending to show a man to be clean
and tidy through attention to these duties, it is
not always the case that such a man will prove
good fireman. Of course, the getting of stores,
cleaning of lamps and torches, and the gathering
up of tools, such as coal-pick, scoop, broom, etc.,
are all very necessary items that a fireman must
look after or be up against trouble on the road.
Jt is of 110 use giving advice on this part of his

duties, because if any failure of his to do these
things was the means of lost time or complaint,
his services would soon be dispensed with. The
examination of dampers and grates on the modem
locomotive is out of the question. On an engine
turned out ready for the train, the dampers are
no longer under the control of the fireman, as
the engine gets its supply of air above the ash-
pan near the bottom of the fire-box. But there
is no doubt that it would assist a fireman greatly
in his work of firing if he were to make a pret-
ty close examination of the coal on the tender,
also note the condition of the fire to see whether
it is clean or not, or if it is clinkered, and this
before he begins to build a fire.—Locomotifc
Firemen and Engineers' Magazine.
 BAKER OF THE BAD LANDS

BY W. T. PERCIVAL.

             There Are Times When a Man Would Give
             His Kingdom for Much Less Than a Horse.

SYNOPSIS OF PREVIOUS CHAPTERS.

BAKER, a noted desperado, has held up the Pacific Coast Special, relieving it of bills amounting
to $20,000. He makes his escape from the posse following him, steering his way for the arid
and desolate Bad Lands where he hopes to hide himself. Coming to a little settlement of
deserted huts, he takes possession of one and, after investigating his surroundings, finds he can stay
comfortably in seclusion there until the hunt for him has subsided. He is startled one morning,
however, by seeing a man coming down the trail.

CHAPTER V.

“ Good Morning, Mr. Standish! ”

BAKER stood his ground and let
the stranger approach. In-
| wardly he cursed himself for
I having ventured away from
his shack unarmed. It was a
mighty foolish thing for a
man in his predicament to do, but he had
felt so very sure of himself that—

  This was 110 time for pondering over er-
rors made; it was a time for bluff. Baker
was facing the approaching man, who, hav-
ing gained the hillside that led down to the
deserted camp, now started on a trot. Baker
faced about and waited.

  Not a muscle in his well-knit frame trem-
bled. He waited until the stranger was with-
in fifty yards of him, and then he whipped
his right hand to his hip-pocket and let it
remain there.

  The action was not without its desired
effect. Baker expected that his visitor would
pull some sort of new-fangled weapon and
let fly at him. Instead, he came to a sud-
den halt, threw up his hands, and cried:

  “ Don’t shoot! ”

  Baker did not remove his hand from his
hip-pocket.

  “ Don’t shoot,” repeated the stranger. “ I
mean you no harm.”

Began In the April Railroad Man's

  “Then, come down easy like,” command-
ed Baker, his right hand in the same po-
sition. “ Come down easy like, and keep
your hands where they are.”

  The stranger did as he was ordered.
Baker noticed that he was a youngish
man—perhaps not more than six and twen-
ty—with a sturdy frame, bright-blue eyes,
and long, yellow hair. His face wore the
queer brown tan that quickly marks the
blond men who seek the out-of-door life. He
seemed possessed of a pleasant manner—in-
deed, the sunny disposition of the easily con-
tented rippled in smiles over his good-look-
ing face, notwithstanding the stern demands
of the desperate man who stood before him.

  He came down until he almost faced Ba-
ker, and Baker said:

  “Now, walk ahead of me. Go into that
cabin at the foot of this path—and we will
talk it over. Go ahead—don’t turn around,
or I will not be responsible for my actions.”
He did exactly as the desperado ordered,
walking straight ahead, looking neither to
the right nor the left. With a lithe step he
entered the maison de Baker.

  The lord of the manor quickly followed—
his trusty right hand on his hip—pulled up
a chair to the table, and ordered the visitor
to be seated.

  This formality over, Baker lost no time
in annexing his six-gun. The newcomer
saw this operation and smiled.

Magazine. Single copies, 10 cents.
704

THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE.

  “ Only a bluff—that little game outside—
eh? ” he said.

  “I’m taking 110 chances,” replied Baker.
“ Keep your hands upon the table. That’s
it. Spread ’em out. Now, who are you ? ”
“ How about your putting your hands on
the table, too?” said the other. “Let’s
make it horse and horse.”

  “ I’ve got the drop,” replied Baker, with
a calmness that was more forcible than any
gun-play. “That’s nine-tenths of the law.
Now, who are you?”

  At first Dick Standish was not prepared
to say. He, too, was in deep disgrace. For
a moment lie pictured the card-room in
Keeley’s, the particularly brilliant cafe of
Dunstan’s Corners, some fifty miles back
in the wilderness, where among the gold-
diggers he was known as the slickest card-
sharp of them all.

  He saw the gold and silver and chips
on the table; he recalled the card that lie
had deftly “palmed” from the discard to
fill his hand; he remembered Big Decker
jumping up and accusing him; he remem-
bered having pulled his gun; the flash; the
heavy thud of Decker’s body as it struck
the floor; the upturned table; the scattered
cards and money—and the dash for free-
dom that he made through the back door
with the smoking revolver still in his hand.

  He could still hear the men shouting as
he mounted the first horse he saw and rode
into the night. The scurrying hoofs of his
pursuers were still fresh in his ears. Just
how he had finally outwitted them he did
not know. All he hoped for was that he
was safe from the clutches of the law.
“Who are you?” Baker repeated.
“Pardner, I wouldn’t like to tell—not
just now—if you don’t care.”

  He smiled—and Baker seemed to begin
to understand that smile. This man was
either a fugitive from justice or a detec-
tive on his trail.

  “ I am unarmed,” Standish went on. “ I
haven't so much as a cartridge on me. I
am willing that you should search me.”

  “ That’s a queer way to be mousin’
around these diggin’s, ain’t it?” asked
Baker.

  “Like as not,” Standish replied. “But
it just happens that I’m without irons.”

  “ Usually carry ’em, eh ? ”

  “ I’ve owned some good ones.”

  “Why did you come here?”

  Standish didn’t answer. For a moment
lie looked at Baker keenly, and then said:

    “I'll be perfectly square with you. Tell
  me who you are, and I’ll tell you who
  I am.”

    Baker was too old a bird to be caught by
  such reasoning. His reply was this ques-
  tion :

 - “Posse after you?”

    Standish looked quizzically.

    Baker seemed to lfave waited an age
 before the voung man answered:

    “Not that I know of.”

    “ He who hesitates falls into the trap ”
  was writ large in the lexicon of Baker.

    There was, or there had been, a posse
 after this man. Now to learn the reason
 why.

    “ What’s your specialt}-—limited trains
  or grub-wagons ? ” asked Baker.

    Dick Standish saw that it was useless to
__ parley further.

    He took a long breath and then purged
 his conscience with the awful truth.

    “Murder,” he said, with set features.
 “ I killed—my man.”

    Oh, the great glory of being able to say,
  “ my man! ”

    Standish leaned back as if he were a
 real hero. He had sprung a bond of sym-
 pathy, he thought, that would easily wind
 its tentacles in the heart of his inquisitor;
 but he had not reckoned the cold, calcula-
 ting, keen, analytical Baker, in whom sym-
 pathy was the last sentiment to be
 aroused.

    Just at that moment Dick Standish ex-
 pected many things to happen. He did not
 anticipate, however, the bloodless question
 diat was immediately hurled at him by
 Baker in the one word:

   “Where? ”

    It was too much for Standish. He had
 looked for sympathy; he had been handed
 a stone.

    He jumped to his feet. A deep furrow
 wrinkled his fair brow. Anguish distorted
 his face. He clenched his fists and stepped
 back. Baker did not move from the chair
 in which he was sitting. He just tapped
 the handle of his six-gun in the most idle,
 unconcerned manner, and let it go at that.

   “Who are you? Why do you want to
 know? Come—this isn’t fair!” shouted
 Standish.

    “ Don't get excited, my boy,” said Baker,
  still unmoved.

    “If you're a detective, out with it! I’m
  unarmed! I tell you, I haven’t any shoot'
  in'-irons on me! ”
BAKER OF THE BAD LANDS.

705

  He seemed to be working himself into a
frenzy, and the calmer Baker remained, the
more excited became the younger man.

  “ If you'll just cut that out, come down
to facts, and tell me who you are, we will
be able to reach an understandin’ quicker,”
said Baker. “I’m not a detective—if that
will do you any good.”

  “Oh, thank you—-thank you!” the
younger man cried in a great burst of
anguish.

  He would have thrown himself on Baker’s
body out of sheer joy had not that worthy
rudely pushed him off.

  “ Sit down now,” Baker said, with a
sternness that brooked of no refusal. “Sit
down and behave yourself, or I'll have you
doin’ a dance to the music of this har-
monica,” and he tapped his six-shooter
with force.

  Standish sat down. As he did so he
wiped the tears from his eyes. They were
there sure enough. Even the heart of the
highwayman is bound to quake under the
strain of trouble.

  Baker waited until the young man had
sniffled back a few sobs, and then he put
his pointed question with all the cleverness
and directness of a trained lawyer examin-
ing a witness:

  “Who are you, and where did you come
from ? ”

  The other braced his back for the or-
deal. He hesitated just a moment to decide
whether he would tell the truth straight and
untarnished or tinge the story with false-
hood.

  Perhaps it would be best to color the
distressing narrative that the armed man
across the table might not know that he
was so desperate a character; but. as he
looked straight into the eyes of Baker, he
thought he saw a friendliness, a comrade-
ship, that he had not observed before.

CHAPTER VI.

Baker’s Greatest Problem.

yYICK STANDISH told his story. He
told it straight and true. He minced
no words; he omitted no details; he made
it as picturesque and dramatic as he knew
how, and he did his best to let Baker think
that he was not so much to blame—that the
shooting was partly justifiable.

  Baker listened without interruption. Not
once during the recital of the narrative did

    9	RR

he ask a question, not once did he endeavor
to help the young man when he came to a
halting spot; but when Dick Standish bad
come to the last chapter—where he ap-
peared on the horizon of the deserted camp
—Baker wanted to know no more. With a
suddenness that brought the young man up
with a start he asked:

  “Why did you come here?”

  “ This is where they all come to,” said
Standish.

  If he had been very quick he would
have seen a faint, a very faint, smile play
around the corners of Baker’s mouth. So,
they all come here! Had he then found
only a hovel that was known to every high-
wayman of the plain—had he put up at a
deserted hole known to every outlaw as a
safe place in which to hide?

  No—it could not be. The young man
must be mistaken. However, the words
took root in Baker’s mind. It brought a
feeling of uneasiness to him many times
that afternoon and night.

  “ So you are Dick Standish ? ” said
Baker.

  “Yes,” replied the other. “Do you
know me ? ”

  “Aren’t you the chap who tried to pull
off a case down at Quincy’s a year ago—
the night they brought a shipment of gold
from the East for the bank there ? ”

  Standish hesitated long enough to give
Baker a chance to answer for him. Baker
did so in these words:

  “ You made a bull of that job all right.”
“ I should have got away with it,” Stan-
dish answered.

  “If you hadn't been a kid you would
have got away with it It was a fool trick
for you to butt in where an older man
would have made his getaway—and with
the gold.”

  Standish did not answer. It was appar-
ent that Baker knew him. The outlaw does
not care to go into a history of his past or
a recitation of his deeds of daring, no mat-
ter how clever they may be, unless he knows
that the man who is listening is one of his
kind.

  He sat sullenly for some moments, the
picture of sheer desperation. Now he would
look at Baker with a despairing glance;
now he would scan the distance through the
open door of the cabin, as if wondering
just how he could transform himself to the
realms that lay beyond the serried whiteness
of the Bad Lands.
706

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

   At any rate, he and Baker could not re-
main in the same place unless it was to be
on a plane of equality. He had told Baker
the untarnished truth about himself, and
now it was up to Baker to reveal his iden-
tity.

  Standish was not a coward. He had not
shed tears during the narrative of his life
through fear or cowardice. He shed them
because he was at the mercy of an armed
man. If Standish had been in possession
of the pistol—if he had even been armed
as Baker was—we would have had a much
different story to record..

   Standish was the first to speak.

  “Now, tell me who you are?”

  He asked the question too abruptly—
rather too seriously. He had adopted Ba-
ker’s tactics of examination.

  The question didn’t worry Baker in the
least. Instead of replying, he started to
quiz Standish about the abandoned camp
which both had selected as a refuge.

   “What do you know about this place? ”

, “ It’s called Gull City,” replied Standish.
t “Ever been here before? ”

  “ Many years ago—when I was a little
fellow. My father came here with the gold
fever. We’settled in this place; but there
was nothing doing.”

   “ Where is your father now ? ”

  The young outlaw smiled and shook his
head.

  “All I remember,” he said, “was that
we \vere loaded in a prairie wagon, and by
the time that we came to some place out in
Wyoming he left me to shift for myself. I
haven’t heard fuom him since.”

   Untouched still, Baker went on.

  “ You remarked that this place—Gull
City—is pretty well known as a hiding-
place for—such as you ? ”

   “ You don’t mean to tell me that you have
never heard of it? ”

   “ I guess nobody knows these parts any
better than I do,” said Baker, “ and I never
heard of this place.”

  “Why,” said Standish, “ whenever any
of the boys makes a getaway he usually
hikes for Gull City. It was the first place
that I thought of.”

   “ If it’s so. well known,” said Baker,
“aren’t the sheriffs wise?”

  “They haven't found it yet. Why, them
two fellers that robbed a bank down in the
southern part of the State hung around here
for two years before they appeared. Then
they were forgotten.”

  Baker said no more. He only thought.

  Again there was silence. Both men were
occupied in some mental scheme. Baker was
wondering just what he would do with Stan-
dish. It would not do to drive him from the
place.

  It was evident that he knew too much
about it. And Baker was not so certain that
Standish could be trusted. If he were sent
abroad and captured, he might, in a spirit
of revenge, tell where Baker was hidden—
and Baker had to hide.

  The shooting of a man in a mining-town
over a card-game was of little consequence
when compared with the hold-up of one
of the fastest trains in the West. Stan-
dish’s crime would blow over in a few
months; Baker’s would be the talk of keen-
witted sleuths spurred on for months and
years, perhaps, by the monstrous reward for
his body—dead or alive.

  No, he couldn’t afford to send Standish
away. Indeed, he couldn’t even afford to
let him go away of his own accord. He
would have to keep him there—welcome or
unwelcome, friend or foe.

  If it were elected that Standish was to
be his sole companion in that lonesome ag-
gregation of huts and tin cans, what would
lie do with the twenty thousand dollars?
Would it be safe? Could he trust Standish
with his secret?

   Would he dare to leave it out of his sight
for even a second ? Would—great thunder!
—would he even dare to go to sleep at night?
Might not Standish kill him and make away
with that glorious fortune?

  “And why shouldn’t he?” thought Ba-
ker. “Wouldn’t I do the same?”

  Men had been killed for a less sum than
that.

  Yes, Standish was a problem. The more
Baker thought it over—with his hand on his
gun, and his eyes running the blond man’s
length from hair to toe—the more his prob-
lem narrowed down to two factors: First,
he must make Standish his bosom pal; or.
second, he must kill him.

  By' the code that guided him, Baker dis-
liked more than all else to take a human
life unless there was good and sufficient
reason. He knew the art of maintaining
his position and keeping the upper hand
of a situation with a pistol within reach—
just as he was doing at this particular mo-
ment—but he would rather have shared his
twenty thousand with Standish and let him
go his way than spill his blood.
BAKER OF THE BAD LANDS.	707

   The soul of Baker was not the soul of a
coward. It was guided merely by certain
psychological inconsistencies — phases of
mental convolutions that are found in all
criminals unto whom one crime is right and
another crime is wrong.

  While Baker was trying to solve this
problem Standish was thinking of one thing
only.

  “Who was Baker?”

        CHAPTER VII.
        To Pass the Night.

C TANDISH arose and asked for a drink.
^ Baker pointed to the tin bucket which
he kept filled with water from the spring.
Standish picked it up, and let a long draft
trickle down his throat. He set the bucket
on the floor, paced to and fro for a moment,
went over to the door, and looked out. As
lie leaned against the door-jamb, with his
hands stuck deep into his pockets, Baker
took him in from a new angle.

   There appeared to be a streak of kindness
in the young man. Around his eyes and
about his mouth were evidences of a better
breeding than usually comes to the average
outlaw. He had something of a kindly ex-
pression, something of genuine sincerity in
his face and manner.

  Perhaps if he had not been deserted by
a God-forsaken, unlucky father—perhaps
if he had had a chance to grow up among
good men, and had not been left to the
desperadoes of a forgotten country for his
mental guidance—he might have become a
good man with decent prospects. Thn more
Baker studied him, the more he became con-
vinced that he could trust him—to a certain
point.

   Standish's blue eyes took in the tiresome
vista that he hated beyond words, until it
all seemed a mockery. He wished that some-
thing might happen to blot it out of his
sight forever. * He wondered if beyond its
creamy expanse, which-the hot sun seemed
to be making all the more disheartening,
there wasn’t some place where a man might
live and be good—where he might go and
wipe the sins from his soul and start life
anew!

   “ Say, Standish.”

  Baker spoke. It was not in the sharp,
brutal tone to which the other man had be-
come accustomed. The words were rather
pleasantly uttered—for Baker.

   Standish turned quickly. The smile of
 boyish friendship played on his face. He
 looked inquiringly.

   “ Sit down, old man.”

   As Baker spoke, he picked up his gun
 and thrust it between his trousers and shirt.

   Standish returned to the table. He felt
 that he would not have to ask the question
 that was uppermost in his mind again. His
 first impulse was to hold out his hand. He
 craved friendship then as he had craved it
 only once before—when his father had
 driven away and left him to the mercy of
 the world.

   Standish took the seat across the table,
 and waited for Baker to proceed. Baker
 was eyer ready to place himself on the de-
 fensive. He always managed to get in that
 position by asking questions instead of com-
 ing directly to the point.

   “ Did you ever hear of Baker of the Bad
 Lands?”’

   “Many times,” replied Standish. *

   “Pretty bad record, eh?”

   “ He's considered a daring man. I would
 not like to come up against him.”

    “ Well, you are! ”

   Baker almost jerked the words from his
 throat before Standish had time to think.

   Standish, his mouth wide with surprise,
 looked into the face of the most noted out-
 law of the time—the man whom he fre-
 quently had admired in secret, whom he
 wondered if it would ever be his good for-
 tune to see. Little did he dream that the
 meeting would be in such a place and under
 such conditions.

   “You haven’t heard of me for some
 time?” Baker continued.

   “No. It was thought that you were out
 of the country.”

   “I was—out of the country; but I am
 back again. It’s a long story, Standish, and
 I am going to tell you all about it. You are
 here, and I can't afford to let you go. First
 . of all, let us shake hands. We are both des-
 perate men. I'm an old lad at the game.

    “ I’ve been through a score of battles, and
 have come out with two things to my credit:
 I am well over forty, and I have never
 killed a man—yet! Secondly, I have never
 been shot myself. There isn’t a scar on my
 body.

   “ You are only a youngster—hot-headed,
 foolish, romantic, and you play for small
 stakes. Your kind stays a baby all through
 life, and you're in this game because—well,
 you gave the secret out yourself—your fa-
708	THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

 tlier deserted you, and you were forced into
 it. You’re brave, all right, but I wouldn’t
 trust you, Standish.

  “ I’m giving it to you straight from the
shoulder, and you must take it. I wouldn’t
trust you in the little scheme that I have in
mind.

  “ While you and I are here it will be
necessary for you to abide by certain re-
strictions—and always remember that this
will never get beyond my eye or arm.”

   So said Baker as he again tapped the pro-
truding handle of his six-gun.

  Standish eyed him with mixed curiosity
and pride.

   “ I’ve got twenty thousand dollars here,”
Baker continued. He walked to and fro,
and spoke with slow and peculiar delibera-
tion, now and then pressing his hand against
that side of his body where the stolen money
rested in its leathern case.

  “ You needn't worry where I got it.
Think whatever you please. Some day I
may make up my mind to tell you; but rest
assured that it is here, and in the kind of
currency that goes anywhere.

  “ I came here because I was driven here.
I propose to stay here until the snow flies,
unless I am ousted by some objectionable
visitors. It is a comfortable place. It will
be pretty hot in summer, but then we will
take it easy and will have to look only for
grub.

  “ I have fixed up all this,” and Baker
pointed with pride to the changes that he
had made in the old cabin, and its comfort-
able appearance—“ and there is a lot more
that we can do to make it pleasant.”

  “Thank you—thank you!” said Stan-
dish, rising and holding out his hand.

  Baker interrupted him with a short ges-
ture.

  “Not yet," Baker went on. “Wait till I
have finished.”

  He went to the bucket, refreshed himself
with a drink of water, and then continued:

  “ I have a proposition to make to you,
Standish. If you are willing to stay here
with me until the snow flies, if you will do
as I say and obey me strictly, if you will
play a square game, and act strictly on your
honor, I will give you one thousand dollars
when we separate, and you can go your
way.”

  Standish made another effort to show his
appreciation, but Baker’s hand silenced him.

  “ There is one thing more—I will trust
you to a certain limit, but beyond that you

must permit me to have my way. During
the day I can keep you in sight, and, re-
member, I will.

  “ But I trust no man at night—not even
my own father. No, I wouldn’t even trust
myself,” and Baker brought his fist hard on
the table to emphasize the importance of this
assertion.

  “ I haven’t the smallest grain of faith in
the highwayman at night,” continued Baker.
“ I don’t care how honest he claims to be by
daylight, or how good a pal—at night he’d
steal the pennies off a dead man’s eyes. I
ain’t mingled with ’em for years without
knowing ’em from the ground up.”

  There was a touch of resentment in the
face of Standish. Baker noticed it, and he
drove home~Tiis argument all the more for-
cibly.

  “ Yes, I’d do it—and you’d do it. And
there ain't a man who makes his living by
his wits who wouldn't do it. In the day-
time lie is a good fellow—but at night I
wouldn’t trust him with a cent.

  “Now, it conies to this, Standish. I’ve
got to have sleep. I can’t sit up all night
watching you, and all you might say about
being honest don't have any effect on me
while I’m asleep.

  “ This is the thing that keeps you honest,
my boy,” and once more he sharply patted
the butt of his gun—“ but once you get this
shootin’-iron in your possession I wouldn’t
give a cow’s hoof for your honesty or my
money or life.”

  “I promise—” broke in Standish.

  “ You promise nothing,” interrupted
Baker.

  Standish was completely dumfounded. In
his heart he was willing to be honest and
withstand temptation; he would try hard to
do so. But he couldn't help wondering
just what Baker intended to do with him at
night.

CHAPTER VIII.

Something Missing.

D AKER paced the floor of the cabin for
^ some moments. His arms were fold-
ed,-but his right hand was on the handle of
the instrument that was die real master of
the situation.

  He was in deep thought—he was plan-
ning the manner in which his partner by
force would be obliged to pass his nights.

  Standish sat playing with his fingers, now
BAKER OF THE BAD LANDS.

709

looking at the floor, now looking at the erect,
lithe figure of the thinking man. He wanted
to speak; he wanted to assure Baker with
all the fervor he possessed that he would
do just as Baker said—and that he would
be a good little boy at night.

  “ Did you get away with any of that mon-
ey in that poker mix-up?” Baker asked,
with his customary abruptness.

   “ Not a cent,” said Standish. “ The table
was knocked over, and I had just time to
get away.”

  “How much was in the pot?”

  “ About three hundred.”

  “ How much in cash ? ”

  “Nearly all of it.”

  “And you were cheating?”

   Standish didn't quite like or quite under-
stand the force or-the necessity of this cross-
examination.

  For a moment it angered him. One more
question like that, he thought, and he would
spring at the throat of Baker, bang his head
against the wall, and get possession of the
pistol and the money.

  What right had this man, who would not
account for his own ill-gotten gains, to be so
inquisitive and lordly? But these were only
flashes of thought. The diplomatic side of
Standish quickly got the upper hand of him,
and he replied:

  “ I admitted that when I told you my
story.”

  There was a touch of irony in his voice
that Baker liked. He sought no further
information from the younger man, but after
a few seconds of silence he faced Standish
and said in measured tones, that there might
beno misunderstanding:

   “ I am willing to carry out my part of the
agreement that I have just made if you are
willing to be tied up at night.”

  “ How ? ” was all the surprised Standish
managed to say.

  “ I don't know,” Baker answered. “ I
haven’t made up my mind yet. I have to
figure that out. It ain't so easy as it seems.”
Then he walked over to the door of the
cabin and looked out on the vegetable
garden.

  “ Standish,” he said, “ do you see that
stuff growing over .in that corner with the
small white flowers?”

  Standish walked over to the door and
looked in the direction indicated by Baker’s
finger.

  “That's potatoes,” Baker went on. “ It’s
a pretty good patch at that, but it’s kind

of choked with weeds. You go over there
and pull the weeds out and throw them well
up the hill.”

  Standish sauntered out to the patch of
potatoes, and looked at the weeds with a
critical eye.

  He smiled to think of being brought to
such work; he had never done it before' in
all his life. If it hadn't been for the little
white blossoms on the plants he doubted if
he could have told which were potatoes and
which were weeds.

   Finally he got down on his knees and went
at the work with a will. .

  Baker, sitting on the stoop, watched him
intently for a while, but he soon returned
to the question that was uppermost in his
mind. Even if Standish declined his propo-
sition, he would have to be made a prisoner
at night until some disposition could be
made of him.

  It now seemed to be well toward the noon
hour, and Baker knew that whatever he did
would require the greater part of his time
before darkness fell. Whatever happened,
he began to realize that he did not care to
sit up all night by the sleeping form of Dick
Standish.

  Baker arose and walked over to one of
the deserted cabins, about a hundred feet
from his own. It was one of the best of
the array of rotting hovels of Gull City.
Baker had given it second choice when se-
lecting his abode. He opened the door and
looked in. That would do pretty well.

  Then he remembered that during his first
tour of investigation about the place he had
seen a rusty anvil in the middle of one of
the streets. He recalled that when it first
met his gaze he had said it might come in
handy some day.

  Now he wandered about until he found it
again. He leaned over to pick it up. The
sun had turned it too hot for immediate
handling, so he dragged it to a shady place
to let it cool. Finally he carried it without
much effort to the cabin which he had se-
lected as the “ prison ” in which Standish
should spend his nights, and set it in the
middle of the floor.

  “There,” he said to himself. “Now, if
I had a chain that could be run through
that hardy-hole and then fastened to Stan-
dish’s leg, I would sleep at night—all right,
all right.

  “And if the hardy miners who tried to
make Gull City a populous and prosperous
center,” thought Baker, “ left anvils and
710

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

stoves and tin buckets and all the things
that I have collected to make me comfort-
able, they must have left a piece of chain
somewhere.”

  Standish would soon find out.

  Returning to the vegetable garden. Baker
called to Standish. The latter, who was still
on his knees working with a will that sur-
prised even himself, popped to his feet and
smilingly responded.

  “ Standish,” said Baker, “ I want a piece
of chain. Look around among these huts
and see if you can find about ten feet or
so—and not too heavy, Standish.”

  Standish looked in the direction of the
dilapidated territory indicated by Baker's
sweeping hand.

  “And when you find it, Standish, bring
it to me. I will be in that cabin,” and the
hand again indicated the objective point.

  Standish ambled away lazily. Baker re-
turned to the cabin. There he stood in the
doorway and saw the younger man idly
kicking the dust with his feet, now stooping,
now picking up something, now looking
about gingerly.

  He roamed thither and yon and then dis-
appeared behind one of the cabins. He must
have been out of sight for some fifteen min-
utes. When he again appeared before Ba-
ker he had about four feet of rusty wagon-
chain and a small dog-chain.

  Baker’s eyes gleamed with joy as Stan-
dish handed them over.

  “Just the things!” exclaimed Baker.
“Where did you find them? ”

  Standish was about to give a minute de-
tail of the success of his quest, but evidently
Baker did not care to hear.

  He threw the chains to the floor.

  “Now, Standish,” he went on, “here is
the point of my argument. Listen careful-
ly, and let me know if you will agree.”

  He stopped as if to prepare the younger
man for a life sentence.

  “ I will give you one thousand dollars,
as I said under the previous conditions, if
you will agree to remain in this cabin every
night with that anvil chained to your leg.
I am to see that you are made fast to it
the last thing every night, and I will release
you every morning.”

  “ I couldn't drag that very far,” said
Standish as he viewed the makeshift Oregon
boot with a smile. “ Couldn't you make it
a little easier, old man?” There was a
tinge of sadness in his voice. “ I will prom-

                                ( T o be

 ise to live up to everything you ask; your
 money will be safe with me.”"

   “Standish,” said Baker, “I wouldn’t
 trust my own father in a game like this. If
 he were here—and were a minister of the
 Gospel—I would treat him in the same way.
 I could not sleep at night unless you were
 chained up.”

    “ Well,” said Standish, “ if I prove to you
  that I am honest, will you quit this game? ”
  “ That remains to be seen,” responded
  Baker. “ But the chances are might)’ slim.
  Remember, Standish—and I hate to keep
  telling you about it—I need my sleep.”

    For a moment there was silence. Stan-
 dish, his hands on his hips, looked at the
 formidable array of anvil and chains; Ba-
 ker looked at Standish.

    “ It’s agreed,’- said Standish.

   “Good!” replied Baker, and the two
 clasped hands to seal the deal.

    As if guided by some hypnotic motive,
 Standish returned to the potato patch and
 bent over the weeds, and succeeded in pull-
 ing up a few tomato-vines in the bargain.

    Baker turned his attention to the comple-
 tion of the Oregon boot. The heavier chain
 he ran through the hardy-hole of the rusty
 anvil. Bringing the two ends together, he
 ran the dog-chain through the last link of
 each end. At the one end of the dog-chain
 was a ring; this served to form the end of a
 loop. Finally the boot was finished.

    The two men had dinner as the sun was
 going down. Just as the last rays of twi-
 light were fading to the far shores of the
 night, Baker ordered Standish to make
 ready. Some old bedding was gathered
 from the other cabins and placed on the
 floor. A bucket of water and,a chair were
 placed hard by. All this was overlooked
 until the last moment, and in the fast ap-
 proaching darkness it had to be done
 rather hurriedly.

    When all was ready Standish was ordered
 to sit down on the chair. As he did so. Ba-
 ker picked up the unattached end of the
 dog-chain in one hand and reached for
 Standish’s leg with the other.

    As he did so, a queer look came into his
 face. He drew back to the middle of the
 floor. He was suddenly puzzled.

    Standish began to marvel at this change
 in his jailer’s attitude.

    Baker brushed tha. cold sweat from his
 brow. “I can't make this work! I must
 have a padlock! ”
 continued. )
 A Family Railroad.

BY DENNIS H. STOVALL.

W. S. Barnum and His Two Sons, John and William, Fill Every Position
on the Rogue River Line, from President
to Track-Walker.

HERE is a family railroad out
in southern Oregon—a rail-
road that pays big dividends,
and which is not only owned
by one family, but also oper-
ated by it in every department
from section boss to general manager. It
is called the “Rogue River Valley Line/’
and it extends from Medford to Jackson-
ville. Medford is located on the main line
of the Southern Pacific Railroad, and Jack-
sonville, the county seat of Jackson County,
is six miles away.

  Jacksonville is the pioneer city of that
part of Oregon, and would have been a
point on the Southern Pacific had the neces-
sary bonus been forthcoming, but the in-
habitants had got along for forty years
without a railroad, and believed they could
do quite as well for another forty without
one. They refused to raise the bonus, and
the Oregon and California Railroad, which
later became a part of the Southern Pacific
main line, missed Jacksonville by six miles,
causing Medford to spring into existence,
which soon became the metropolis of south-
ern Oregon;'but Jacksonville remains the
county seat, in spite of every effort to re-
move it, and the “family” railroad thrives
thereby.

  The Rogue River Valley Railroad does a
big business in passenger and freight traf-
fic, besides carrying mail and express. W.

S.	Barnum and his two sons, John and
William, supply the necessary brain and
brawn to conduct the affairs of the entire
line, and they have the business thoroughly
systematized. The passenger-train—which
consists of two cars, a passenger-coach and

a combination smoker, baggage and ex-
press, makes two round-trips daily, con-
necting with the overland trains at Medford.

  The elder Barnum is engineer, William is
fireman, and John is conductor, brakeman,
expressman, baggageman, and mail clerk.
It would appear, at first glance, that John
has the hardest job on this train; but as
the baggage is consigned straight through,
and the express and mail is not distribu-
ted at way - points, the major part of
his duties is that of punching tickets and
collecting fares.

  Between each trip of the passenger-train,
which is called the “ Barnum Flier,” a
freight-train goes over the road, on which
the family fills the same relative positions.
Then there is still another “ train ” on this
line. It is the “ Benzine Special,” and con-
sists of a gasoline motor-car. It is the first
over the line in the morning, and the last
in the evening. The motor-car was placed
primarily to carry mail, but was soon found
a convenient method of getting to the county
seat at an early hour in the morning, and
of leaving it in the evening after the regu-
lar train had left.

  The construction department of this fam-
ily line is conducted as simply and econom-
ically as is the operating department. At
odd minutes the older boy is shot over the
road 011 the motor-car, stopping here and
there to slip a new tie under a rail or ham-
mer down a loose spike. There is no wreck-
ing-train to replace derailed cars, for when-
ever the “ Flier ” or the “ Benzine Special ”
takes to the ditch the passengers are sup-
posed to give assistance in clearing the block-
ade and getting traffic moving again.
712

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  There is a depot at-each end of the line
where you purchase your ticket thirty min-
utes before the departure of each train.
You cannot get it earlier, because the
ticket-agent is also the conductor of the
train, and has not arrived yet. A local tele-
phone takes care of all train despatching,
the conductor merely yelling in the receiver,
just before starting: “We’re cornin’!”

  The office-work is done by the father and
the boys in the evening after the trains are
run in for the night, as there is no service
after dark on this road. There are no idle
moments for the Barnum family. Nowhere
on earth is there a harder working crew of
railroad men. The three of them work, not
because of absolute necessity, for the line
is a paying business, hut because they find
real enjoyment in it.

  Not long ago, while the elder Barnum,
clad in overalls, his face besmudged with
soot and grease, was busy oiling the loco-
motive, just before the “Flier” made its
regular trip, a curious passenger strolled up
and asked him in an offhand way why he
did not quit the railroad business and go to
farming.

   “ There’s more money in railroading,” the
engineer and general manager replied.

  “Are you and your boys really making
wages?” the curious one asked.

  “Oh, yes, fair wages/’ was the answer;
“ we usually clean up five thousand a year.”

  It is doubtful if there is a railroad in
America that gives better returns, in pro-
portion to the investment, than this “ fam-
ily ” line. The monthly balance-sheet would
make some capitalists envious, and possibly
lead them to the belief that they have not
a complete monopoly on keeping the figures
nearly all on one side of the ledger.

  The Rogue River Valley Railroad was
built in 1891. and has paid its owners from
$5,000 to S6,000 every' year. It has never
been tied up by snow blockades, wash-outs,
or strikes. Labor disturbances that are
often the terror of other railroad systems
do not interfere in the least with operations
on the Rogue River Valley line.

  Two things worry the Barnums, however.
One is the fear that coal may get exor-
bitantly high, and the other that their road
must ultimately become a central link in a
chain of railways across the State.

FREIGHT-CAR HELD FOR A BIRD.

Pere Marquette Conductors Secure Permission to Side-Track Domicil of

Mother Bird and Little Ones.

FIVE conductors of freiglit-trains in Michi-
gan recently joined in a letter requesting
the division superintendent at Saginaw to side-
track car No, 12,270 They gave their reason.

  When car No. 12.270 left the repair-tracks at
Muskegon, after a period of enforced inactivity,
and the “ bad order ” chalk-niark was removed
from its side door, Night Switchman Patrick
Hawkins told Conductor Stark of train No. 81
that he wished the car could have remained a
little longer in the yard, for a sparrow had built
a nest in the car, and had a family of little birds
within. Conductor Stark had no discretion in the
matter, so the car was hauled to "Fremont.

  When train Xo. SI arrived at Fremont, the
mother bird was found riding on the top of it.
Sometimes flying above it, and sometimes riding
upon the car, the sparrow followed to White
Cloud, where the car became a part of train No.
101. But Conductor Stark told Conductor Bat-
tema about the bird; and at Big Rapids, where
the car was dropped, Conductor Battema left
word with the trainmen about the sparrow.

  Conductor Burritt hauled the car back to White
Cloud, leaving the door open a little so that the
sparrow could get in to her nest.

   By the time the car returned to White Cloud,
 half the men on the railroad knew about it, and
 Conductor Willoughby, who hauled the car to
 Baldwin in train No. 210. was on the lookout
 for it; and so was Conductor Hess, who brought
 - the car to Saginaw in train No. 56. Every con-
 ductor on the line by this time knew the number
 of car 12,270 as well as a part of the freight it
 carried.

   There was not a man in the employ of the
 railroad who would have hurt the mother-bird
 or one of the little ones. Still, it was a perilous
 life for the little mother and the young, for the
 mother never flew away for a worm with any cer-
 tainty of finding her nest where she left it.

   And so five railway conductors, Stark, Battema.
 Burritt, Willoughby, and Hess, joined in a writ-
 ten report concerning the car and the family it
 contained, and requested that the car be side-
 tracked until the little birds could fly.

   Vardmaster Murray consulted the officers of
 the road, and issued an order that car No. 12,270
 was not to be moved or molested until further
 orders' That order held good till the young birds
 were able to take flight.—Prrc Marquette Monthly
 Magazine.
5 FEET 5 vs. 6 FEET 3.

        BY LILLIAN BENNET-THOMPSON.

           Campbell Was Blessed with His Share ot
           Courage, but Then He Was the Bigger Man.

OU can't come in! ”

  Campbell raised his pre-
  occupied eyes to the burly
  figure of the yard boss,
  who stood blocking the
  doorway of the round-
  house. And Campbell was really angry.

  “Why?” he questioned in surprise.

  “ ’Cause you can’t, that’s why,” was the
surly response. “We don't want no white-
lfvers in these yards. I ain’t keeping on
half-baked apologies fer a man! And
I ain't got no use fer cowards, neither.”
He spat out the words vindictively.

  “That’s all. You can git,” he contin-
ued. “ What’s more, if I catch you hang-
ing ’round my Nellie again, I’ll break you
in two—unless Jim Wheelock sees you
first. She’s given her word to him, and
he won’t stand fer no sech fellers as you
trying to cut him out. It takes a man
to do that. Beat it! ”

   Instinctively, Campbell clinched his fists.
Then he thrust his hands into his pockets,
pushed his cap onto the back of his head,
and stared for a moment at the yard boss
without speaking.

  He was a small man, somewhat below
medium height, with light hair and mild
blue eyes. Just now one of the latter was
badly discolored, and a large, livid bruise
marred his forehead.

  “ I suppose I’ve got Wheelock to thank
for this,” he remarked slowly, looking the
yard boss full in the face. “ I knew he
was pretty low down, but I didn't give
him credit for being able to drag you
to his level.

  “I've done my work all right, haven’t
I ? You know you haven’t any kick about
that, Healey. Just because I can't put up
my fists with that great hulking brute of

a bully, you call me a coward and fire
me without a minute’s notice.

  “Come on, now, hit me if you like!”
he taunted recklessly, as the other, with
an inarticulate bellow, started toward him.
“I’m not more than half your size—or
Wheelock’s. It’s safe for either of you
to hit me—I can't hurt you ! ”

  Healey hesitated for a moment, then
laughed contemptuously, yet somewhat
shamefacedly.

  “ I wouldn’t touch you,” he sneered.
“Wouldn't dirt}- my hands on no such
carrion. Git out! ”

  “Yet you’re willing to back Wheelock
up in the dirty game he is playing,” flashed
Campbell.

  “Git out!” reiterated Healey, turning
from the door. “ I ain’t got no time to
argue with you.”

  Campbell turned on his heel.

  “All right," he flung over his shoulder.
“I’m going; you’re the boss—here. But
if Nellie don't want to see me, she can tell
me herself. I’m not going to quit on your
say "so. I'll suit myself.”

  “You will, eh?” The doorway just
vacated by Healey was suddenly filled by
the huge form of Wheelock. “ Well, you
guess again ! You keep away from Nellie,
or I'll give you some more of the same
dope I handed you last night.

  “Ain’t had enough yet? Nellie’s my
gal, see? She don’t want nothing to do
with no down-and-out—”

  Here Campbell was informed in detail as
to his pedigree, his present status, and his
future destination.

  He made no reply. Indeed, there is no
adequate retort that five feet five can make
to six feet three under certain circum-
stances, notably when the latter is only too
714

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

ready to back up his arguments with a
pair of fists the size of hams.

  Followed by a stream of abuse, Camp-
bell left the yards/and walked moodily
down the track. In spite of the unmistak-
able threats conveyed by Wheelock and
Healey, he was determined to hear at first
hand what Nellie had to say about the
matter. The girl had always been kind to
him, and he did not for a moment sup-
pose that she would concur in the estimate
her father and the engineer placed upon
him.

  A few minutes brought him in sight of
the pretty cottage where of late many of
his evenings had been spent. Nellie was
sitting on the top step of the porch, indus-
triously peeling some apples.

  Campbell opened the gate, and, at the
click of the latch, the girl looked up. For
an instant their eyes met. Then, without
a word or a sign of recognition, she picked
up the pan, rose, and entered the house.

  “Nellie!” called Campbell as she van-
ished within.

  The door slammed behind her, leaving
the young man standing on the gravel path,
cap in hand, speechless with astonishment
and dismay.

  Nellie, too! For an instant he could
not believe it. Of course, her father had
told her of the occurrence of the night
before, but that she should credit his
biased version of it. without giving Camp-
bell a chance to justify himself—to con-
demn him without a word—was a severe
blow to the young man. Replacing his
cap upon his head, he slowly retraced his
steps to the railroad, and, turning to the
west, started along the ties.

  Dully he wondered if fate had any more
thrusts in store for him. He had received
a good education, had been carefully
brought up in a small town in the Middle
West, and, at the age of twenty-four, hud
held a good position in the office of the
E. and C. in the city to which he had
gone from his Western home.

  He had lost this position through per-
sistent ill health, and somehow, since then
things had never gone right for him.
Everything seemed against him. in league
to prevent his making a living. When his
last cent was gone, he had applied for
and secured the job of oiler in the freight-
yards of the E. and C. road.

  He had been ashamed to let his parents
know of his misfortunes: and feeling that

their resources had been strained to the
utmost to send him to the local liigh-school
and business college, he had scorned to ask
any help, but had plodded along alone,
writing his usual cheerful weekly letter.
There were times when he had gone hungry
to bed, but this he kept to himself.

  Nellie Healey had been the one bright
'pot in his dull and almost hopeless daily
routine. How Sam Healey had ever reared
such a daughter was beyond Campbell’s
power of comprehension. Pretty, gentle,
and refined, the contrast between her and
the big, blustering man she called father
could hardly have been more pronounced.

  A pleasant friendship had sprung up
between her and the young oiler, and had
flourished until it had grown into a deeper
feeling on his part, at least. Then his
visits had aroused the antagonism of Jim
Wheelock, and he had stepped in and made
this as unpleasant for Campbell as he
could.

  The yard boss much preferred to see his
daughter receive the attentions of the best
freight engineer on the road, and the man
who would some day, in all probability,
sit on the right side of No. 7, the crack
passenger flier, than those of a penniless
young man, holding one/of the poorest-
paid positions on the pay-roll of the com-
pany, with no prospects of anything better
in the future.

  Campbell had stubbornly refused to give
in, with the result that Wheelock had
picked quarrel after quarrel with him. and
had announced his intention of “ breaking
his face," a threat which his superior size
and strength would have enabled him to
carry out with little exertion.

  The bad feeling between the two men,
fostered by Wheelock's covert sneers and
open allusions to Campbell's lack of brawn
and initiative, to say nothing of what
Wheelock termed Campbell's “ butting in ”
at Healey's, had culminated in a war of
words, ending in Wheelock’s planting a
couple of smashing blows on Campbell's
face, which had sent the smaller man reel-
ing to the floor, dazed and bleeding.

  Of course, Healey had understood die
circumstances perfectly—had even egged
Wheelock on—but that Nellie should prefer
the brutal bully who called a man a coward
because he was unable to cope with a fellow
twice his size hurt Campbell's pride more
than he cared to think. His mind was full
of bitterness against the two men and the
5 FEET 5 VS. 6 FEET 3.	715

girl—against the fate that seemed relent-
lessly bent on grinding him down into the
gutter and starvation.

  In his search for work there was, how-
ever, one last resort. At the head of a spur
track branching off from the main line stood
the factory of Mallon Brothers Company,
manufacturers of boxes. It was just possi-
ble that he could secure a job there. It was
not his intention to remain in the neighbor-
hood longer than was necessary, but before
he could leave it was essential that he save
enough money to pay his railroad fare.

  A shrill whistle sounded behind him, and
he jumped from the ties to the other side of
the deep gully bordering the track to wait
until the train should have passed. It
proved to be a long freight, bound for
Mallon’s, with Jim Wheelock in the engine-
cab. As the locomotive puffed laboriously
up the grade past the young man the big
engineer leaned from the window, and, spy-
ing the waiting figure, burst into a jeering
laugh.

  “Having the time of yer life, ain't yer? ”
he remarked ironically. “Going far?”

  Blind rage seethed up in Campbell's
heart. He shook his fist after the vanishing
locomotive as he yelled:

  “I’ll have the time of my life with you!
I'll get you yet, do y'ou hear? I’ll get you
yet!”

  Another burst of laughter floated back
from the engine, now almost hidden by the
thick trees that lined the track. A cloud of
black smoke slowly ascending the mountain
spur, at the top of which the factory' stood,
showed Campbell the position of the freight.

  He decided that it would be worse than
useless to apply at the factory for work un-
til Wheelock had made his return trip; the
big engineer would only hold him up to
ridicule' and spoil whatever chances he
might have. The one thing to do was to
seek out some convenient spot near enough
to the track to see the passing of the train,
and await the return of the freight. Be-
sides, it was some time after midday, and
he felt hungry and tired.

  His eye pained him a good deal, and his
body was bruised and sore as a result of the
unequal encounter of the night before. He
started slowly along the, track, keeping a
lookout for a likely place to sit down. The
trees grew thickly along the embankment,
and in some places the low bushes and run-
ning vines were so thick that he had to tear
a way through them.

  There were no houses within a mile or
two, and the homes of the factory employ-
ees were for the most part on the other side
of the mountain.

  Reaching the spur track, he observed a
large flat rock, half hidden from where he
stood, and wholly concealed from the view
of any one passing on a train a short dis-
tance up the incline. It would make an ex-
cellent resting-place, and he decided to
utilize it.

  The gully was wide but shallow at this
point. A little farther on and it disap-
peared altogether. Gaging the width of the
gully with his eye, Campbell made a spring
for the other side. As his feet struck, a
stone moved under him—turned—rolled.

  He made a frantic clutch for the over-
hanging bushes, but they slipped from his
grasp, and he fell to the bottom of the em-
bankment, one leg doubled cruelly under
him. He heard a sharp snap, and a sicken-
ing pain shot through his right knee, his
head struck a sharp stone, and lie knew no
more.

  When his senses returned the October sun
was sinking in a blaze of autumn glory in
the cloud-flecked west. For a moment or
two he lay still, trying to remember where
he was and how he had come there. Then
a twinge of pain in his leg brought realiza-
tion of his plight.

  He tried to move, and fell back, gasping
in agony. Great beads of perspiration
broke out on his brow. From the position
in which he lay there was no doubt of the
truth—his right leg was broken below the
knee.

  A sudden movement a few yards below
him caught his ear. He opened his lips to
cry for help, but with an uncontrollable im-
pulse closed them again without uttering a
sound.

   “ There! ” said a low, husky voice, which
he perceived came from the tracks of the
main line a short distance away. “ When
No. 7 conies along here I guess there’ll be
doings! ”

  “ She’s due in half an hour,” came the
reply in a guarded tone. “Passes at 6.03.
We’d better mosey along and come back la-
ter. I’ve got the spikes all right, and
there’s no trace of anything out of the way.
No one’ll notice, but it won’t do for us to
be seen hanging around here if any one
should happen to pass. The track-walker’s
just gone. I seen him just before we come
up. Come along.”
716

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  The voices ceased, and Campbell could
hear their owners moving off through the
woods. With a thrill of horror, he realized
that they had removed the spikes holding
the rails to the ties—that tbey meant to
wreck No. 7, the east-bound flier, due, as
they supposed, in half an hour. Since the
track-walker had passed, there was little
fear of detection.

  That the scoundrels were unaware of the
change of schedule of No. 7, which would
bring her along an hour later than their
calculations, mattered little. There were no
other trains due in either direction, and no
one passed that way save an occasional
tramp. Nothing could save the flier if she
struck the frightful trap they had set for her.

  Campbell shuddered. Must he lie there,
powerless and helpless, unable to prevent
the disaster? Shouting would avail him
nothing. The factory was too far away for
any one to be attracted by his cries, and
it would serve only to bring down upon him
the vengeance of the two wreckers who had
just gone, and who would await the con-
summation of their plans at no great dis-
tance.

  No! if anything were to be done, he must
make his way up nearer the factory until he
could make some one of the men hear him
Could he do it? Already the torture of his
broken limb and wounded head was becom-
ing almost unbearable.

  He waited a moment, then took a long
breath, turned over, and began to work him-
self along toward the track, dragging his
injured leg after him.

  The pain made him sick and dizzy, but
after what seemed hours of unremitting
effort he had spanned the few feet that lay
between him and the rails at the top of the
wide, shallow gully.

  Resting a moment on the narrow space
beside the ties, he gritted his teeth and
dragged himself doggedly on. A violent
nausea seized him; his brain whirled. The
trees beside the track swayed in a mad, un-
canny dance. Foot by foot he won his tor-
tured way upward.

  There was a strange singing in his ears;
lights flashed before his dimming eyes.
For an eternity he dragged himself on in
exquisite agony, then he sank beside the
track. The western glorv had faded; twi-
light was descending over the woods. Oh,
just to be able to rest—to rest—

  Suddenly a whistle shrilled. The sound
penetrated his dazed senses: he raised his

head. The freight was coming down the
spur!

  Campbell knew what it meant. The
freight, not the flier, would strike the track
where the spikes had been removed. It
would spread the rails and hurl itself into
the ditch!

  And Wheelock—Wheelock, his enemy—
would go down with his engine, down to
death and destruction.

  Campbell laughed aloud in savage joy.
Wheelock! The man who had called him
a quitter—who had said he had a yellow
streak, and struck him down. He would
die—die beneath tons of twisted steel—
crushed—mangled—

  But Nellie? The thought of the girl
stilled the delirious laughter on Campbell's
lips. Nellie loved Wheelock, whatever he
might be or might do. She had promised
to marry him.

  What would she say to the man who had
let him go to his death—who had gloried in
the suffering it had been in his power to
avert? The young man shivered.

  No! Wheelock mustn't die. He must save
Wheelock for Nellie. She loved him—she
wanted him. She didn't want a poor devil
of an oiler, who couldn’t hurt a man twice
his size. Well, it didn’t matter. Nothing
mattered much, except that he wanted to
rest. Perhaps he had better rest a little and
then go on. His head drooped.

  Above him the whistle screamed again.
The freight was coming! He must hurry!
Feverishly he began to crawl upward. His
hands were torn and bleeding from the grav-
el and stones; jagged splinters gashed his
palms as he pulled himself along by the
edges of the ties; but he felt nothing, knew
nothing but that he must stop the freight
before she reached the main track.

  The black bulk of the locomotive swept
into view around the curve ahead, running
slowly, but already beginning to gather
speed. Campbell propped himself on his
hands and raised a feeble shout. There was
no sign from the oncoming monster. An-
other cry broke from his lips. Through a
haze he could see a head poked through the
cab-window.

  “Stop! Stop! Danger!" he cried with
all his strength, waving his handkerchief
over his head.

  The whistle sounded, but the engine did
not slacken its pace.

  Horror seized upon the man by the track.
Wheelock could not stop! He must believe
5 FEET 5 VS. 6 FEET 3.

717

that this was an attempt on Campbell’s part
to “ get him,” as he had promised. He would
not stop!

  Nothing could stop him now. He would
go on to his death. And Nellie— If
Wheelock should die—

  Dully Campbell wondered if the engineer
would stop for him dead, since he would not
for him living.

  With a last despairing effort he raised his
bruised and battered body half upright.

  “Main track — spikes out—wreckers!
Danger! ” he shrieked. Then he flung him-
self across the rails directly in the path of
the oncoming train.

  He heard a wild scream of the whistle, a
grinding of brake-shoes—caught a glimpse
of a great dark mass sweeping down upon
him—and then a bottomless, black abyss.

  When he opened his eyes again there were
roses above him—red roses on a white back-
ground. He put out one groping hand;
something felt soft beneath it. Where was
he? He let his gaze wander about him, as
his brain slowly shook off the mists of un-
consciousness.

  He was lying in a small white bed in a
long, low room. Sunlight streamed in the
windows. A smell of iodoform permeated
the air, and beside the bed stood a table
holding numerous bottles and small glasses.

  At the window, her back turned toward
him, stood a slender, white-gowned figure.
He made an inarticulate murmur. The fig-
ure turned and came quickly to his side.

  “Nellie!” he whispered incredulously.

  “ Hush! You mustn’t talk! ”

  The soft voice seemed to him the epitome
of all music.

  “ Where—how—” Somehow his tongue
halted curiously.

  “ You are not to talk. The doctor said
so.” The girl took one of the emaciated
hands that lay on the white counterpane and
stroked it gently.

  “ How long have I been here ? ”

  “Nearly two weeks. But you are better
now. You must be quiet.”

  “ I remember now.” He was silent a mo-
ment, living over that terrible time. The
door opened and a grave-faced man entered.
Campbell glanced toward him with a faint
smile.

  “ She won’t let me talk,” he complained.
“ Can’t I? There are so many things I want
to ask about.”

  The doctor bent over, feeling the pa-
tient’s pulse with a practised touch.

   “ Miss Healey will tell you what you want
to know, but you must be quiet and not talk
to her,” lie said. He nodded to the girl and
left the room.

  “ Wheelock ? ” Campbell murmured as
Nellie turned to him again.

  “ Safe. The men were captured.”

   “ And the flier—was any one hurt ? ”

  “No one—but you.” The girl’s eyes
filled with sudden tears.

   “ Don’t cry, Nellie,” Campbell begged her
feebly. “ Don't. I’m all right. Don’t cry,
please. I know you’re sorry.”

  “ Sorry! Sorry! ” sobbed the girl. “ Oh,
if you had been killed! I—I—”

  “Would you have cared if I had, dear?
Cared?” he questioned anxiously.

  She nodded, unable to speak.

  “ But, my dear, I’m down and out. I
haven’t a penny. I'm hurt—I’ve lost my
job. I have nothing to offer you. I’m a
failure—just a failure, Nellie.”

   “ But it isn’t true—none of it’s true! The
superintendent was on that freight, Jack. He
had been up to see Mr. Mallon, and was
coming down in the caboose. He saw what
you did, and he says when you are well
enough you are to have your old place in
the office, with more money. Your salary
began the day you stopped the freight. Jim
said—he said you were a hero, Jack.”

  Campbell heaved a deep sigh of thanks-
giving. Presently he said:

   “The city will be awfully lonely, Nellie,
without you.”

  The girl’s head drooped a little, and a
soft flush stole up over her cheeks.

  “ You needn't be alone unless—unless you
want to, Jack,” she whispered.

  “ But Wheelock ? He said you—”

   “It was a lie!” she interrupted fiercely.
“ I never cared for him—never said I did.
He told me things you had said about me—
told me you were a coward, and I—”

  “You believed him?” Campbell's voice
was wistful. She nodded again.

  “ But now I know it isn’t true. You
didn’t, Tack! You couldn’t! ”

  “Nellie! Nellie—dear! ”

  “ Hush! ” she said suddenly, remember-
ing the doctor’s injunction. “ You are not
to talk, you know.”

  Campbell looked up at her, a wonderful
light in his sunken eyes.

  “Nellie!” he whispered. His voice was
so low that she bent over him to hear. He
put up one arm and drew her down until his
lips found hers.
Ten Thousand Miles by Rail

BY GILSON WILLETS,

Special Traveling Correspondent of “The Railroad Man's Magazine."

No. 12.-IN THE NEW SOUTHWEST.

Garcia, the Intrepid—Game Lillian McKnight—Sara Rooke, a Real Heroine—
What One Nite Opr. Saw—Some Ghosts That
Meant Business.

J, senor, it was the most big, large
sacrifice of a man’s self for the
most big, large purpose. Ah, but
that Senor Jesus Garcia was the
one locomoZi/e aingineer with
the one most big, large heart.
And when he save the whole town
from the destroy by fire, he make the name
as the savior of the town. Si, senor, the
name of Garcia live forever as the most
great hero among all these hoinbres and
senoritas of the railroads in the Mexico."

  Thus, my old friend, Florentino Romero,
the veteran and scholarly telegraph operator
for the Mexican Central Railroad, began
his story while we s^t in the office el tele-
grafo in the railroad station at Juarez, Mex-
ico, on the Rio Grande, opposite El Paso,
Texas.	—

  “ The Senor Garcia,” Florentino con-
tinued, “he was the best aingineer on the
narrow-gage railroad that tuii from the Pi-
lares mine to the city of Nacozari. This
Nacozari "have the seventy thousand person,
and is most close by the Rio Grande, and
only one leetle way from that city of Doug-
las, in the Arizona.

  “That day Garcia run his Iren de cargo
(freight-train) into Nacozari and up to the
smelter of the Americanos in the meedle of
the town.

  “ He stop bv the warehouse. Right be-
hind his aingine he have the two cars of the
dynamite. And behind the dynamite he

have many flat open cars of the straw for
the burro-bed.

  “ Garcia he get off his engine to smoke
the cigarito. Just then he see his brake-
man light a cigarito also : and one moment,
two moment, later Garcia see die spark from
the brakeman's cigarito fly over the straw in
the flat open car. And Garcia he speak in
Inglis the crv:

   ‘“Fire! ’

   “Garcia he then run to that straw on fire,,
and he begin beat out that fire with his
hands and his feet. Also he call upon his
brakeman to give the assistance; but the fire
spread most quick. All Garcia can do is
bleester the hand and foot, while the flames
grow into most big. large fire, which soon
reach those two cars of the dynamite and
set them on blaze.

  “ By these time most three hundred of
the miners, the smelter men. and the Ameri-
canos gather by the fire to fight it, and the
senoritas stand by to do the watch.

  “ But preetty soon Garcia speak Inglis
and shout:

   “ ‘ Run! I have the two cars of the dyna-
mite! The explode will keel mucha many.
Run, senores and senoritas! Run. queek! ’
“By these moment one thousand, two
thousand, citizens have come to these place.
W hen they see the two cars dynamite all
on the fire, and hear Garcia speak Inglis
with the most grand excite in his voice, they
run avvav most fast.

Series began In June, 1910, Railroad Man's Magazine. Single copics, 10 ccnts-

718
r

TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

719

   “ All except the one senorita who is mu dm
bonita, and who cry out in the grand dis-
tress to Garcia:

  ‘“Come, Jesus mio. Thou shalt come
with us in order that thou shalt live.’

  “ Madre de Dios! Garcia gather that
senorita in his arms and keess her on the
one cheek and then on the other cheek and
say: * Adios, senorita! '

   “ Then he leap into that aingine and push
away the machinery that starts that aingine,
and so, alone on his train, he take it away
toward the country that is open and on the
desert.

   “ What you think Garcia think when he
pull that train on fire with the two cars of
dynamite out of the Nacozari? Ah, he was
the one brave man, Garcia! He think the
whole town get the grand destroy unless he
pull that dynamite into the country that is
the desert.

   “ Garcia run that train on fire out from
Nacozari, and come to the section-house
where ees thirteen hombres of the section.

   “ And then there comes one big explode
that dig the hole into the
earth the thirty feet deep!

   “ The roar of the ex-
plode shake the city of
Nacozari like the dog
shake the rat. And the
locomotive and the cars
of that train of Garcia fly
most everywhere through
the State of Sonora, so
that no one can find any
two parts of that train of
Garcia in any one place.

   “ And that section-house
on the place of the ex-
plode ! It is not to be seen
at all after the big ex-
plode! And the thirteen
hombres of the Mexico
that were in that house
become all dead!

   “ One leetle nntchacho
the twelve year in age—
son of the Americano,

Senor Chisholm, who is
the conduct of the train
of Garcia—that muchacho
was doing the play at two
hundred feet from the sec-
tion-house, when one rail-
road - tie, flying the three
hundred feet, hit the boy
and kill him!

  “And so, senor, that is all, except that
the bonita senorita that gave the entreat to
Garcia to run away with her in order to
live—that senorita she polish her eyes with
the tears for the one year, the two years,
after that explode.

  “ The town was save and Garcia was the
savior. And so I have come to the finish,
scrior.”

  “ But what became of Garcia, the heroic
engineer?” I asked.

  “ Ah, senor, there was no funeral for
him, because there was no body of Garcia
to lie in the service. They could not put
him down in the sand of the desert to bury.
Never, senor, did they find one most little
small piece of that body of Garcia. We
must entertain, senor, the suppose that
Garcia was killed.”

1 he Girl Who Was Game.

  There was revelry by night in Roswell,
New Mexico, for the reason that the parents
of one of Lillian McKnight’s pupils were

"all except the

ONE SENORITA WHO
    IS MUCHA
    BONITA.”
720

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

giving a dance in honor of the engagement
of the fair Lillian to Frank Miller, a loco-
motive fireman.

  Lillian was the youngest and most popu-
lar school-teacher that Roswell had ever
known; and Frank was the handsomest and
best-dressed fireman on the Santa Fe system
in New Mexico.

  When they walked down the street to-
gether, people turned and took a second look
at them—just because they were good to
look at.

  That night, as Frank waltzed with Lil-
lian, his engineer, Ben Zieger, informed all
the young folks at the party that Frank was
a Beau Brummel and a Don Juan, and then
declared that Frank should have been a
dancing-master instead of a shoveler of coal
for a railroad.

  Before the revelry ceased that night
Frank took Lillian aside and said to her:
“Let’s surprise ’em, Lillian. Let’s cut
the engagement short. Let's marry on the
q.t. to-morrow night. I've about a hun-
dred and thirty dollars saved up, and I
allow that’s enough for a start at house-
keeping.”

   “Let’s,” replied Lillian laconically, but
with a world of meaning in her eyes.

  “All right,” said Frank. “I’ll get in
from my run to-morrow night around six
o’clock. You meet me at eight—over at
Judge Walter’s. Meantime, keep the blinds
drawn on that pretty mouth of yours.”

  The next evening,, just as Lillian was
about to slip out of the house to meet Frank
at the judge’s office, her father came in.
saying:

  “ Bad news, Lillian. Frank was hurt
to-day—over at South Springs station.”
“The poor boy!” cried Lillian, taking
off her “ wedding ” hat. “ Where is he
now ? ”

   “ In the hospital here.”

  “The poor boy! ” repeated Lillian, again
putting on her “ bridal ” hat with its “ bri-
dal ” veil. “I'll go to him at once. How
did he get hurt? ”

   “Fell between the engine and his train.”
   “Badly hurt, father?”

  “ Go see for yourself, my daughter.”
Meantime, over at the station Engineer
Zieger, Frank's cab comrade, made this
remark to the railroad men who had gath-
ered to hear the story of the accident:

  “ I reckon that the school-teacher will
never again be seen dancing with Frank
Miller, boys. Too bad, ain't it? ”

   “ She’ll never again be seen walking with
him, neither,” observed one of Frank’s fel-
low firemen.

   “Fact is,” said a third railroader, “I
reckon Lillian McKnight won’t front up
alongside of Frank Miller to get unionized
in marriage nohow nor never.”

  “Maybe you're right and maybe you
ain’t—about the unionizing,” spoke up En-
gineer Zieger with some heat. “ Frank will
be out of the hospital in less 'n seven weeks
—and I allow that the school-teacher is
some of a game girl and no piker.”

  Nearly eight weeks later Frank Miller
was discharged from the hospital. Attend-
ants helped him into a buggy that stood
waiting at the gate. Frank took the reins,
and with a “Thank you, boys! Giddap!”
drove away.

  Five minutes afterward a buggy pulled
up in front of the domicil of a certain wool-
grower and sheep-herder of Roswell. In
the vehicle sat Frank Miller. He was whis-
tling a merry tune. A man appeared on the
front porch.

   “ Good evening, Mr. McKnight,” said the
man in the buggy. “ Is Lillian there ? Ask
her to come out, please.”

   Lillian flew out to the buggy.

  “Are you game?” asked Frank.

   “Bet!” answered the school-teacher, but
her expressive eyes threw Frank a look no
less eager than on the night of the dance.

   “ Then get in,” said Frank.

   “ I’ll get my hat,” she answered.

  “No. Come along without a hat,” in-
sisted Frank.

  Lillian stepped into the buggy, Frank
again cried “Giddap!” and they drove
away.

   Half an hour later the strangest wedding
ceremony ever witnessed in Roswell took
place in front of the house of Judge Welter.
A buggy stood by the curb, and in it sat
Frank Miller and Lillian McKnight. By
the side of the buggy stood Judge Welter
reading the marriage-service. Round about
stood a crowd of uninvited guests listening
first to the judge’s questions, and then to the
responses of the two in the buggy.

   “ Amen! ” finally said the judge.

  “Giddap!” said Frank Miller—and he
drove away with Mrs. Frank Miller sitting
by his side.

  A buggy rolled into the grounds of a
pretty little cottage on the edge of the town
and stopped at the front porch. A Mexican
servant came out wheeling an invalid-chair.
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

721

He and die bride helped the groom out of
the buggy and into the chair.

   The groom was then wheeled into the
house, and the electric lights in the cosily
furnished living-room revealed this inter-
esting spectacle:

   The groom’s legs ended at the knees.

   But the groom’s eyes were
no less bright than they were
at the dance on the night
before he met with his acci-
dent.

  “Frank!” cried Lillian,
looking around the room with
astonished eyes. “ Why, here’s
more than a hundred and thirty
dollars’ wort h of furniture
right in this one room.”

   “ Surest thing you know,

 Lil. It cost me hundreds to fit
 vupjthis ranch.”

   The next morning the Mexi-
can servant wheeled his em-
ployer down to the railroad
station and into the railroad
restaurant.

   “ Good morning, Mr. Mil-
ler,” said the waiter behind
the counter. '“How’s the boss
this morning?”

   “How’s business?” said the
boss. “Well, I’ll be on the
job myself every day now, and
I’ll run this business right.

 My wife will be here every day,
 too.”	->

   Frank Miller was the proprietor of the
railroad restaurant at Roswell.

   One of the first men to enter the restau-
 rant that morning was Engineer Zieger.

   “ Congratulate you, Frank,” he said, ad-
 dressing his former fireman. “Well, I al-
 ways did tell the boys that the school-teacher
 was some game of a girl and no piker. I
 hear you outfitted that honeymoon cottage
 something scrumptious on the very same
 day you bought this railroad hash-joint.
 It’s now about first pie-time in the morning
 for me, Frank. Make it custard. Frank,
 the railroad must have settled with you lib-
 eral.”

   “ Thirteen thousand spondulicks,” re-
plied Frank Miller. “ Say, I ain’t so worse! ”

The Disaster at Folsom.

   At 11.55 one night, a Colorado and
Southern train, an hour late, rushed past the

    10	R R

 station at Grande, New Mexico, and con-
 tinued northward toward Folsom, on the
 Colorado-New Mexico line.

  _ Folsom was eighteen miles away. En-
 gineer Walter Druid had a clear track and
 a fairly easy grade, as grades go in that
 mountainous region, and he allowed his

    About a mile north of Grande station,
 however, Druid’s fireman suddenly shouted:
 “ Shut her off! Stop her! ”

  Druid’s hands worked at air and throttle
 as he said quite calmly:

  “What do you see? ”

  “ A man waving a red lantern,” answered
 the fireman.

  The train, squeaking and grinding, came
 to a stop. The man with the red lantern—
 it was an ordinary farm lantern with a red
 bandanna tied around it—came to the side
 of the cab and said:

  “ My name’s Cook. I’m a farmer. My
 land is down here in the valley. But I’m
 a son of a sea-cook if I know whether or not
 I'll own any tiling you can call a farm at
 sun-up to-morrow.”

   Conductor Nichols, in charge of the train,
 came running up asking breathlessly:
 “What’s all this fuss about?”

  “Let me introduce Mr. Cook,” replied
 the engineer.
722

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  “What’s the matter?” asked Conductor
Nichols, turning to the man with the ban-
danna-covered lantern.

  “You’re to go no farther toward Fol-
som,” answered the farmer. “You’re to
stand still.”

  “Well! Well?”

  “The night telephone operator at Fol-
som,” the farmer said, “called me up ’bout
half hour ago and told me to get quick upon
high ground. She’s all right, that gal is.
I just naturally admire her spunk.”

  “You mean Sara Rooke?” asked-Con-
ductor Nichols. “Why, all we boys know
her well. But how did vou come to stop
us?”

  “ She said I was to warn any up train,”
the farmer replied. “ Said I was to warn
you that all the bridges between here and
Folsom are probably down, and for you to
take no chances.”

  “But what’s the matter? Great Scott,
man! Why should the bridges be down,
and why should you go to high ground in
the middle of the night?”

Coming Down the Canon.

  “Flood,” answered the farmer, helping
himself to a chew.

  “Why didn’t you say so in the first
place?” expostulated the impatient con-
ductor. “Big flood?”

  “ Reckon ! That telephone-gal said that
a wall of water thirteen feet high and a
mile wide was sweeping down Cimarron
Canon and was wiping Folsom out of ex-
istence.”

  “ But—hang it, man,” exclaimed the con-
ductor excitedly, “ if that was the case then
—great Qesar! What about that telephone
operator herself? How did she happen to
be still at the switch? Haven’t you done
anything to save her life? ”

  “Don’t frenzy up like that,” said Farmer
Cook. “You’ve.got all night to wait here.
W'hat’s the hurry? Well, that telephone-
girl says to me:

   “1 Mr. Cook,’ she says, ‘ you’re probably
the last subscriber I shall be able to warm
I’ve already warned over forty of our sub-
scribers to get to high ground. I hear the
water coming near. They told me an hour
ago to leave this building—but I’m taking
a chance in order to give notice to the folks
in the valley.’”

   “ Well, is that all ? ” asked the conductor.
   “ Yep. Except I’m thinkin’.”

  “Thinking of what?”

  “Well, that gal didn’t say 'good-by.’
She said ‘ Farewell! ’ And I’m just won-
derin’, that’s all.”

  “ Druid,” said Conductor Nichols, speak-
ing to the engineer, “guess we better back
down to Grande station.”

   All the rest of that night and the follow-
ing day and half the next night that Colo-
rado and Southern train, with its hun-
dred and more passengers, stood at Grande
station. Almost hourly came more and
more harrowing news of the disaster at
Folsom.

  Nearly all the buildings in the town had
been carried away, many lives had been
lost, hundreds of head of cattle had been-
swept away; crops in the valley had been
cleared from the fields as closely as if
burned off; the rails of the Colorado and
Southern had been twisted like wire; the
depot at Folsom had collapsed like paste-
board; Section Foreman Guerin and his
seventeen-year-old daughter had been swept
away, with their house, while spectators on
the high ground listened to their agonized
cries.

  “ And what about that plucky telephone
operator at Folsom who called up so many
folks and warned them to get out of the
way?” asked Conductor Nichols of the
telegraph operator at Grande. “Doe? the
wire say anything of her ? ”

  “You mean Sara Rooke? Sure thing!
Hers was the most heroic stunt ever per-
formed by i a woman in the whole West
country.

   “A little before eleven o’clock last night
she was warned that the wall of water com-
ing down Cimarron Canon would reach her
building in less than an hour.

  “Did she fly? No; she utilized that
hour in calling up telephone subscribers in
the valley and warning them. Forty per-
sons have already publicly proclaimed that
they owe their lives to her. Farmer Cook
was the last man she called up just before
the water struck her building.”

  “She’s dead?” asked Conductor Nichols
in an awed voice.

  “No one knows. She hasn’t been seen
nor heard of.”

  At midnight on the second night, how-
ever, news came from Division Superin-
tendent Shack saying that the last bridge
had been repaired and that the train could
proceed with extreme caution.

  About four in the morning that train
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

723

pulled into stricken Folsom. One of the	his bones froze stiff, his hair stood on end,

first sights that met the eyes of crew and	and he thought that lie was looking upon

passengers was two-men carrying an im-	the ghost of Darwin’s missing link,
provised stretcher on which lay a body cov- At four o'clock in the morning the flier

"you've got all night to wait here, what's the hurry?"

ered with a horse-blanket. Behind them
came a long file of silent marchers, walking
two by two with bowed heads.

  One stepped aside and came close to the
train-crew and whispered:

  “It’s the body of Sara Rooke, the tele-
phone operator.”

  “Where are they taking her?” asked
Conductor Nichols in a low tone.

  “To the town hall. They’re using it
for a morgue.”

  “Where’d they find her?” asked En-
gineer Druid.

  “Twelve miles down the canon—with her
headpiece still gripped to her ears.”

Seen by the Nite Opr.

  Job Morrow, night operator of the Rock
Island station at Tulsa, Oklahoma, had an
experience on an arctic night in February,
when, for a moment or two, the marrow in

from St. Louis, bound for Oklahoma City,
pulled into the station. Job went out into
weather many degrees below zero, said
“ Howdy! ” to the conductor, then retreated
to the warmth of his office.

  After the train had crawled away, leaving
Tulsa once more in its usual condition of
vast peace, Job sat close to the stove and
read.

  At four-thirty, however, he stepped to the
table by the window to get. his pipe. He
happened to look out of the window.

  “ It’s ‘ it,’ for it’s neither man nor wom-
an,” Job thought.

  He tried to give vocal expression to the
thought, but could not. The words con-
gealed in his throat.

  Standing outside the window, with its
chalk-white face pressed close against the
pane, stood a white-clad figure. Its eyes
were fixed on the operator in a vacant stare.

  Its lower jaw was dropped, leaving the
724

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

mouth wide open and giving to the ghastly
face the appearance of boundless stupidity.

  Job tried to step backward, but found
that he had become mummified. He couldn’t
budge his feet; could not lift his hand to
wave the thing away from the window;
could not so much as avert his eyes so as
not to see it.

  Suddenly, however, the figure turned from
the window and glided down the platform
eastward.

  Job as suddenly regained power of move-
ment and speech. Thrusting his head over
the table and close to the window, he peered
out, hoping to catch a last glimpse of the
retreating thing.

  “ It sure must be a ghost,” he muttered,
“ because it moves as noiselessly as a rub-
ber tire.”

  Still peering out with his face close to
the pane, Job wondered why he hadn’t felt
the usual rush of wind and rattling of
chains that he supposed always accompanied
an apparition of the kind.

  Just then the white horror reappeared,
coming westward, and again stopped at the
window to stare with hideous eyes at the
night operator.

  Job threw up his hand protectingly and
side-stepped as if the thing outside were a
highwayman threatening him with a gun.

Only for a brief moment the figure paused,
then it glided down the platform westward.

  Job wondered what he should do. A full
two minutes be waited, expecting to see the
thing again return to the window.

   “ It’s gone,” he finally said to himself.

  He tiptoed to the door, opened it cau-
tiously, and looked out. A rush of icy air
came in. He peered eastward and saw the
white figure standing immovable at the end
of the platform, seemingly engaged in pro-
found contemplation of a very crooked tree
opposite the station that was outlined by
the starlight.

  Job put on his overcoat, seized a lighted
lantern, stepped out, and stole down the
platform toward the thing in white.

  The thing now moved sideways, like a
crab. It faced the approaching operator,
however, who now, by the light of the lan-
tern. perceived that it wore very thin white
pajamas and was in its bare feet.

   The thing, staring at the crooked tree, its
mouth still wide open, moved its lower jaw.
Out of its throat cam, the words:

   “Tree, straighten thyself.”

  It extended its arm skyward, "as if thus

further to command the crooked tree to
shoot up straight.

  The voice ;.ounded muffled. The words
were articulated rather than spoken. Job
said to himself:

  “ It can’t be a ghost, after all. It’s too—
too solid for a spook. It looks like a man.
Maybe it’s a drunk.”

  The figure turned and looked down at a
tiny irrigation ditch that flowed past the
platform.

  “ Stream,” muttered the thing, “ reverse
thy current.”

  It waved its arm up-hill, to indicate the
direction in which it wished the water to
run.

  Seeming bored, however, by the perversity
of the stream in continuing to flow down-
hill instead of up, as commanded, the figure
now started up the platform toward Job.
_J-‘No,” murmured the operator as the
thing glided along, “ it’s not a drunk. It
walks too straight for that.”

  As the figure passed him, Job had the
thought that perhaps it was a dope fiend.

  “ And yet, no,” he murmured, contra-
dicting himself. “ Were he drugged, he
would be lying down dead to the world.”

  As the figure continued on down the plat-
form, Job further soliloquized:

  “ He’s in a hypnotic trance. Some hyp-
notist, maybe a thousand miles away, is
directing this man’s movements.”

  The thing had come to a standstill, with
one foot planted forward of the other, as if
a marching soldier had suddenly become a
statue.

  Job hastened forward to take a closer
look, and reached the thing's side just in
time to see its lower jaw wagging again.
It said:

  “ This train is running too fast. I can't
sleep. Porter, open the window at my feet
and throw me out onto a quiet strawberry

bed.”

  “ Rarebit fiend,” Job sofdy assured him-
self. “ He’s riding a nightmare.”

  The figure now suddenly deigned to no-
tice Job. Staring at the operator vacantly,
as when it had peered through the window,
it wagged its lower jaw to say;

  “ Porter, diere’s a mule walking around
in my berth. Take him into the day-coach,
where he belongs.”

  “ Crazy man,” thought Job. “He’s mad.
He's an escaped lunatic.”

  The figure now leaned against the wall
of the station and threw back its head. The
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

725

mouth opened still wider, the eyes stared
more vacantly than ever, and then — the
yawning chasm in its face gave forth a
sound like the tearing of a sheet; then a
sound like the sawing of a plank; then a
sound like the swan-song of a burro.

  “ I?ve got it,” murmured Job excitedly.
“ He’s a sleep-walker. He’s a perambula-
ting somnambulist.”

  The operator held the lantern close to the
man’s face and said in his natural voice:

  “ Aren’t you awful cold, old
sport, in that suit of gauze?”

  But the figure in white
snored on lustily.

  Job, holding the lantern
still closer to the figure, no-
ticed that it wpre no less than
three diamond rings. Job be-
gan singing, “Rings on her
fingers, bells on her toes.”

  All of a sudden the figure
stopped snoring and ejected
from his open mouth, “ I won-
der who’s kissing her now? ”

  “The mule!” shouted Job
Morrow.

  The figure closed its mouth
with a snap. It made a shud-
dering movement. It seemed
to feel the thrill of cold air
down its spine. It shivered.

Its teeth began chattering.

The light of human intelligence came into
its eyes and it spoke, saying:

  “Why are you poking that lantern into
my face?”

  “ Search me,” answered Job. “ What you
doing here ? ”

  “ Search me,” replied the man. “ Gee,
but I’m cold! How’d I get here? What
am I doing here ? ”

  “ Come inside,” said Job Morrow.

  Ten minutes later the erstwhile ghost
was hugging the stove in the Tulsa station,
now dressed in overalls, an ancient jumper
and a pair of shoes that Job had cast off.
He and the operator were laughing like
boys.

  “ Tom Janson,” said the night operator
to the thing, “you may be a salesman trav-
eling out of New York City, as you say;
and you may be holding down a good job,
as you tell me you are; but all the same,
it’s not safe for you to be traveling alone in
Oklahoma. Know what you need? You
need a keeper and a trained nurse and a
night watchman.”

  “ The last thing I remember,” said the
overalled Mr. Janson, of New York, “ was
undressing in my berth in the Pullman of
the flier. I was bound for Oklahoma City.
But when the train stopped here I must
have arose and sleep-walked out of the
Pullman and let the train go on, leaving
me- slumbering upright on your platform.
The phenomenon is that while asleep I
didn't feel a bit cold—though attired only
in a suit of madras.”

"it's ‘it,’ for
MAN NOR

  When the gray dawn began breaking
through the window of Tulsa station a loco-
motive whistle was heard, and Job jumped
up, saying:

  “Here comes your train, Tom Janson.
I wired ahead, ordering your clothes put
off the flier at Oklahoma City. You’ll find
your raiment there in the railroad station.
Don't fall asleep 011 the way over.”

What the Southern Men Saw.

  It was a starless, pitch-black night in
August, the night following that on which
the worst cyclone that ever swept through
the middle West struck the yards of the
Southern Railway at East St. Louis.
726

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

.	'.a*

   Iii the switchman’s shanty in those yards,
at the hour of twelve, there were gathered a
number of the Southern’s engineers, fire-
men, helpers, and switchmen, including En-
gineer I’owell, a man who knew no fear
except in the presence of a “ ghost.”

  Present, also, was Harry Rigsby, now
employed by the Missouri,

Kansas and Texas Railway
at St. Joseph, Missouri,
but at that time acting as
a switchman for the South-

the door and soft-footed into the darkness
of what was then perhaps the darkest rail-
road yard around St. Louis. At that time
there were no electric lights in the yard, nor
even switch-stand lights. As Powell crossed
the tracks, nothing broke the gloom save the
headlight of his own engine on track 10.

            Moreover, the yard was
strewn with the wreckage of
cars, locomotives, and build-
ings representing, the devasta-
tion wrought by the cyclone.

“the space in which we had to turn was so narrow that we all went down—

ern in the East St. Louis yard. It was
Harry Rigsby who saw Powell's ghost with
his own eyes and lived to tell me the tale.

  In the switchman’s shanty, Engineer Pow-
ell, after listening with wide-open mouth
and bulging eyes to a ghost story that Harry
Rigsby related, tiptoed to the door, opened
it a crack, peered out, then closed it softly
with a shudder.

  “ Gee! ” he exclaimed. “ It’s spooky out
there.”

  “ It’s time to bring out your engine, ain’t
it?” asked one of his fellow engineers.

  “ Yes,” replied Powell. “ But—say, there
are a lot of dead men out there in the wreck-
age left by the cvclone, ain’t there?”

  “Well?”

  “Well, I just can’t—say, Jim.” Here
he turned to his helper. “ You go bring
out my engine to track 10, will you?”

  The helper went away, to return ten min-
utes later, saying:

  “She’s ready for you oil track 10,
Powell.”

  Powell nervously and reluctantly opened

Cars were piled one upon tlie'otlier, and in
them, as Powell knew, lav the bodies of sev-
eral men who had been killed.

  Meantime, the railroaders in the switch
shanty were talking about Powell and his
fear of ghosts. One engineman said:

  “ Those corpses out there are sure on
Powell’s nerves.”

  “ Yes,” assented Switchman Harry Rigs-
by; “if he sees anything queer out in the
yard to-night he’ll sure think it’s a ghost.”
Just then something happened that made
Rigsby’s words seem prophetic. The door
was almost knocked off its hinges by Powell
falling against it trying to get inside. He
reeled into the shanty and fell on the floor
in a dead faint.

  His clothes were torn in several places,
his lantern-globe was broken, and he had a
scalp wound from which the blood was run-
ning down his chalk-white face.

  They poured water on his head till he
revived.

  “Boys!” he cried in awed tones. “I've
seen a ghost for sure!”
TEN THOUSAND MILES BY RAIL.

727

  “ Nonsense! ” answered Rigsby. “ You’re
just nervous, that’s all.”

  “Nerves nothin’! I know a ghost when
I see one. At first I heard funny noises.
I listened and heard the rattling of chains—
just the kind of a noise that always goes
with a ghost. Then I heard the tread of
footsteps—very soft footsteps.

  “ I looked—and boys,” he continued, “ I
tell you I saw a thing with bright eyes—
and the thing itself was as big as a cow. It
had a white face, and it said something to

-IN A BUNCH LIKE 'A FOOTEALL TEAM."

me in a shaky, shivery voice and in a lan-
guage I didn’t understand. I tell you, it
was the ghastliest thing I ever want to see.
It was a ghost. If you think I’m talking
through the armholes of my vest, come out
and see the thing for yourselves.”

  We decided to investigate. Armed with
clubs, pokers, and rocks, we permitted Pow-
ell to lead the way toward his ghost.

  Suddenly, as they reached the spot where
the wreckage was piled highest, and under
which five men were known to be lying
dead, the crowd of ghost-ch&sers heard fun-
ny sounds. They listened and—yes, they
distinctly heard the rattling of chains.

“There!” whispered Powell with chat-
tering teeth. “ Didn’t I tell yop? Listen!”
All hands stood stock-still with cocked
ears. All plainly heard a voice—a hideous,

cracked voice, speaking a strange language.
It sounded like the gibber of a female luna-
tic. The gibbering continued, too, till all of
a sudden—they saw the ghost.

  Yes, out from the wreckage forming the
temporary sarcophagus of five railroad men,
stepped the thing.

  Rigsby said his heart seemed to stop
beating.

  Toward the men, who stood rooted in
their tracks and all aghast, glided the ghost,
dragging chains that clinked and clanked
over rail and ties with frightful distinctness.
It gibbered persistently, and it beckoned to
the men, throwing out long, lean, lanky
arms.

  “ Yes,” Rigsby told me afterward, “ it
was as big as a cow, as Po(well had said, and
its eyes were as large as aish-pans. There
were eight of us in that bunch—eight brave
men ambushed by that ghost between two
piles of wrecked cars. The eight of us,
as if actuated by a single thought, turned to
fly from the awful apparition.

   “ The space in which we had to turn, how-
ever, was so narrow that we all went down
in a bunch like a football team. While
each man tried to extricate himself from
those on top of him, up came the ghost and
walked round and round us, talking its gib-
berish and laughing in cracked tones—a
cackle that was simply appalling.

   “ The first man to extricate himself from
the football pile was Engineer Frank Wil-
son. He sat on the ground, and suddenly he
exclaimed:

   “ ‘ Well, I’ll be hanged if it ain’t a hand-
organ monk, dragging its chain!1

   “Just then, too, into view came the Ital-
ian who owned the monkey.

  “The meeting of that Italian and his
monk was like that of a mother who has
found her long lost child. It was only the
pathos of it that restrained Powell from
thumping that Italian good and plenty.

  “ Say,” added Rigsby, “ if ever you hap-
pen to meet Engineer Powell in the East St.
Louis yards, don’t breathe a word to him
about monkeys. On his scalp, to this day,
he carries a scar from the wound incurred
when he butted a coal-car off the track while
beating it away from that ghost.”

If youc wheels are slipping it’s time to be using your sand. Grit is the
      secret of grip.—Diary of an Old Engineer.
THE MAN WHO LISTENED

BY BENJAMIN RUSH THORNBURY

         The Portly Gentleman’s Sequel Was a Tale
         that Not Even the Superintendent Ever Heard.

ijGwpN the smoking-compartment of a
(bII Pullman on the west-bound train
were three men. Two of them,
® I one the Superintendent of the
road and the other an Ex-Rail-
road Man, were engaged in con-
versation on the merits of railroaders in
general, and concerning those who main-
tained their positions through official rela-
tionships in particular. The third, a well-
groomed, Portly Gentleman, sat quietly in
the corner, puffed a cigar, and listened.

  “Railroading isn’t a profession; it’s a
science,” the Ex-Railroad Man was protest-
ing. “ I’ve always maintained that these
relationship jobs are a detriment to the
service, and it’s been my observation that, as
a rule, the incumbents never make good.”
“I've known some exceptions to that
rule; in fact, I have one in mind now.

  “I'll admit that it sometimes mixes up
the service, as it did in Tom Goodell’s case;
but, as I say, he was an exception to the
rule.”

  He squinted reminiscently. The Ex-
Railroad Man crossed his legs and settled
back in his seat. The Portly Gentleman in
the corner regarded the face of the speaker
intently for a moment, then calmly resumed
his smoking.

  “ It was in the old days on the M. I. and
N.,” continued the Superintendent, “before
it came to be the fashion for general man-
agers to have anterooms to their offices, with
brass-buttoned boys to bring in calling-cards
on a silver dish.

  “ Old Man Goodell had come down t<j
Kensington from the Soo io take over the
management of theToad; and while he didn't
have n "rear deal of style, he more than made
up for it in a system of his own, that result-

ed in making the two streaks of rust and a
right-of-way one of the best paying little
roads in the country.

  “He left the road when the Transcon-
tinental took it up, and went into business
for himself. I was a general utility clerk
in his office at that time, my duties ranging
from running down claims for dead stock
to sorting the old man’s mail.

   “ It was in the latter capacity that I came
across a letter, one morning, from Tom
Goodell. Tom was a brother of the old
man, who had been in the lumber business
up north, but who had taken a sudden no-
tion that he wanted to be a railroad man.
The letter was a request for a job.

  “Joe Kelsoe was trainmaster up at Cen-
terpoint at the time; and, having come up
the ladder from a cub operator, naturally
had some set notions, like~yourself, about
Tom’s kind, and wasn’t at all backward
about expressing them. The boys said he
cussed a blue streak when he got the old
man’s letter ordering him to send Tom out
braking on the local to learn the road.

  “ Well, everybody knew at once what that
meant, and there was a general howl all
along the line among the trainmen, not offi-
cial, of course, but a lot of talk, and, as
usual, that’s about where it ended.

  “ About three months after that, Ed Bur-
ton, a freight conductor with a through run,
came within an ace of getting into a smash-
up with an east-bound passenger on an or-
der he misconstrued, and, of course, went on
the carpet. The old man was always mighty
square with the boys when they got into
trouble, and was disposed to be lenient with
Ed, though he had known for some time
that Ed wasn’t a man to be running a train.

  “He was oversensitive on the subject, as

728
THE MAN WHO LISTENED.

729

that kind usually are; so when the old man
offered to compromise by giving him thirty
days, and a gravel train when he got back.
Ed flared up and quit, taking a pass back to
Arlington, where he lived.

  “ That was the only time I ever saw Ed
to know him; and when he came through
the office, looking as black as a thunder-
cloud, I surmised he had been having his
troubles in the old man’s little sanctum.

  “Well, as everybody expected, two days
later Tom Goodell got his train.

  “ I had been out on the road looking up
a claim on some stock that had been killed,
and after a muddy, ten-mile ride across
country north of Seymour, I got back to the
station too late for No. 6, which was the last
passenger-train east; and there being no ho-
tel in the place, I wired Kelsoe to stop the
night freight for me.

  “That’s how I happened to be in Tom
Goodell’s caboose on his first run out. I
altered my opinion of Tom that night and
haven’t changed it since, for he proved to
be one of the exceptions I spoke about.

  “ He said he realized just how the boys
felt, and hated to see them down on him
simply because he happened to be a relative
of the old man. He wanted to be square
with them, and was trying not to step on
anybody’s toes. He wanted to learn the
business and travel on his own merits.

  “Well, after we had talked a while, he
saicLhe guessed I was tired and wanted to
get some sleep. He piled a lot of cushions
on one of the seats, and gave me his over-
coat, remarking that I might catch cold.

   “ I found out afterward that the particu-
lar seat I occupied was the conductor’s own
bunking-place, and that Tom sat in the
cupola all the way into Kensington.

  “ What occurred after that I did not
learn until we reached the end of the di-
vision, for I did not awaken until we pulled
into the yard, and then Tom only gave me
the story in' a general way.

  “ The night operator at Menden had
given him orders to pick up some empty
stock-cars at Arlington, and I guess that’s
all that saved us from about the worst wreck
the road ever had, for we would have gone
into that open switch at a forty-five-mile
clip.

  “They usually went through from Men-
den witiiout stopping, that being a part of
the run where they made up time. As it
was, they had slowed down for the stop,
and when they unexpectedly shot in on the

siding from the upper end, the engineer had
his train pretty well under control; so the
little bump they gave that string of empties
did no damage. The switch had been
thrown, and the light changed so that it
showed white.”

  The Superintendent paused to relight his
cigar, and for a time the only sound was
the rhythmic click of the wheels over the
rail joints. The Ex-Railroad Man shifted
his position uneasily. The Portly Gentle-
man got up and went to the water-cooler,
then surveyed himself a moment in the long
glass and returned to his seat in the corner.

  “As a rule,” went on the Superintendent
thoughtfully, “ trainmen are away above the
average when it comes to points of honor,
but there are exceptions to that rule too, hu-
man nature being pretty much the same in
every department of life; and sometimes,
when a man gets a deal that isn’t conducive
to brotherly love, he loses his senses.

  “ Anyway, when they found out about the
changed switch-light, the crew laid it to
every cause but the right one. As Tom
jumped down from the caboose steps, how-
ever, his quick eye had caught sight of a
man ducking around the end of the station
that looked an awful lot like Ed Burton.

  “He said nothing about this when he
came up where the boys were talking, but
sided with one of the brakemen who in-
sisted that a tramp had done the work. The
next morning, however, he and the old man
were closeted for the better part of an hour.
I could tell by his loud tone that the ole'
man was considerably worked up about-;
something, for he always was a quiet sort
of a man. All the while Tom was talking
in a low, pleading voice, and now and then
I could hear Ed Burton’s name.

  “ After a while they came out, and the
old man took his pass-book from his desk
and filled out a blank. I could see his hand
tremble as he wrote. Tom took it, and
hurried out, as I afterward learned, to catch
No. 5. He dropped off at Arlington on the
opposite side from the station, and when he:
came back on No. 6 that evening, Ed Bur-
ton was with him.”

  The Superintendent screened his eyes
with his hand, and peered through the win-
dow to see the switch-lights of the Center-
point-yard twinkling in the darkness.

  “ Here’s where I get off,” he said.

  “ I suppose Burton was a guest of the
State for a term,” pursued the Ex-Railroad
Man, also rising.
730

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

   “No, lie wasn’t,” denied the Superintend-
ent, putting on his overcoat. “ The old man
and Tom fixed it up between them to keep
the matter quiet and give Burton another
chance.

  “ He wrote to a friend of his somewhere
out West that he wanted Ed placed, and in a
week or so Ed packed up his wife and baby
and followed the letter. I never heard of
him after that. Well, good-by; I’m glad to
have met you.”

   “ Same to you. Guess I’ll go to bed,” re-
turned the Ex-Railroad Man, following him
out into the passage.

  The Superintendent descended to the
platform and walked toward the tall frame
building that housed the division head-
quarters. At the foot of the long stair he
halted a moment and looked at the big mo-
gul that was standing on a siding attached
to a long train of all sorts and conditions
that made up No. 85, then turned and
climbed to the office on the second floor.

  “No. 85 going to get out on time?” he
asked of the night despatcher, who was
bending over the train-sheet at the long
instrument-table.

  “She’s following No. 3 out on time, but
I don't know how long she’ll stay that way,
with a green fireman trying to feed that
ten-wheeler. Kelly says Gordon’s kicking
like a bay steer at the M. M. for turning
his engine into a family kindergarten, and
I don't blame him much, for John Sharkey
was a good man and had been with Gordon
going on three years.

   “ Kelly says it’s open gossip down at the
roundhouse that the old man let Sharkey out
just to make a place for his brother.”

   “ I can’t say as to that.” Officials can be
supremely noncommittal at times. “ Better
give 85 a slow-up order past Camden;
there’s two cars of dynamite on the siding
there,” he concluded as he passed into his
office.

  No. 3 stopped at Camden long enough to
permit the Portly Gentleman to alight from
the rear Pullman, and then her red tail-
lights went blinking away like two baleful
eyes in the distance. The-J’ortlv Gentleman
looked up at the darkened station, down the
siding at the dim outlines of two box cars,
then scanned, with a quick turn of his head,
the few scattered houses that had managed
to get close enough together on the hill be-
hind the station to call themselves a town.

  He picked up his grip and started toward
them, when he noticed a dark form skulking

in the shadow of the building. He was
well able to take care of himself, but he was
curious to know what the fellow was up to.

  Hastily crouching at the end of the high
platform, he saw a man steal down to the
track, cast a furtive glance about him, and
then move cautiously to the switch-stand,
where he deliberately smashed the lock with
a coupling-pin.

  He had thrown the switch, and was turn-
ing the light so that a white gleam flickered
to the rails, 'when the Portly Gentleman
leaped upon him and pinioned his arms in
a powerful grasp.

  The Portly Gentleman pushed him back-
ward to the edge of the platform, where he
lay moaning. He sat up presently and
looked at his captor.

  “ I must have been mad to think of such
a thing,” he said brokenly, with a helpless
wave of his hand toward the hill. “ I’ve
been slaving five long years to make good
to that little woman up there who believed
in me, and then to get shoved out to make
room for the old man’s relations—I—it—
Oh, you can’t understand! And now—
now, I suppose I’ll have to go over the
road for it.”

  The strong arm that had held him in its
viselike grip now stole gently across his
shoulders, and the voice that spoke was un-
steady with emotion.

  “ Oh, yes, I do, my boy. I know all
about it, and I guess the only road you’ll
go over will be the Transcontinental, when
you go back West with me. I have some
mines out there, and a few miles of railroad
that are all my own. I guess we can find
a place for you where you can make good,
all right. I’m visiting some friends here
for a few days, and we can get together
and talk it over.”

  The long, wailing shriek of a locomotive
was heard far down the track, and the
trembling gleam of a headlight transformed
the rails into glistening ribbons of steel.

  “ Get down there quick and fix that
switch, and then we'll go and find the little
woman.”

  “My name’s John Sharkey,” said the
man, as they moved slowly toward the hill.
“May I ask yours?”

   “ Burton,” said the other shortly.

  They turned and watched the train pull
carefully by the station. The light from
the open fire-box fell upon the begrimed
face of a fireman shoveling in some coal.
No. 85 was on time.
The Sunny Side of the Track

If You Think the Railroad Is Shrouded in the Seriousness of Hard Work,
Look at These Rifts Where the Sun of Humor
Shines Through.

WANTED A CORKSCREW.

JAMES J. HILL, at one of the Conservation
Congress banquets in St. Paul, told this rail-
road story.

“ When sleeping-cars first came in,” he said.
“ the bedclothes in the berths were very scanty.
On one of these early cars, one night after every-
body had turned in and the lights were low, a
loud voice called from an upper berth:

 “ ‘ Porter, got a corkscrew ? ’

“ The porter came hurrying down the aisle.

“‘Boss,' he said, in a scandalized tone, ‘we
don't allow no drinkin’ in the berths. It’s against
the rules.’

 “ ‘ Oh, it ain’t that, porter,’ the voice answered.
 ‘ I just want to dig out a pillow that’s sort o’
 worked its way into my ear.’ ”—Des Moines
 Capital.

■i*

TAKING NO RISK.

VERY skeptically, .the terrace landlord sur-
veyed the prospective tenant.

“Do you play football?” he grunted.

The prospective tenant raised his eyebrows and
replied in the negative.

“ Nor referee? ”

“ No, nor referee,” answered the P. T. “ Why? "

“ ’Cos I’m taking no risks,” explained the land-
lord. “ The last feller that took this house was a
referee. Gave a wrong decision. Was thumped
in the back. Swallowed the whistle. After that
he couldn't breathe without shrieking like a good
engine. Kept the neighbors awake all night.
Had to give him' notice."

“ Bad luck on the referee,” commented the P. T.

“I don’t know,” returned the landlord. "He
got a good crib on a lighthouse. On foggy nights
he puts his head out of the window and simply
breathes. Noise enough to scare a navy off the
rocks. Soft job.”— Ideas.

LEFT BEHIND.

‘‘-pUNNIEST thing I've seen lately,” said the

-T candy man on the Rock Island subur-
ban trains, “ was the other day, when a man
rushed up to the Twenty-Second Street Station

and said to the agent: ‘ H'h'has the Joliet train
g’g’gone? '

‘“Yes, there it goes up the road there.’

 “ ‘ Does it s’s’s’top’p’p'p’p—’

 “ ‘Yes, it stops at Thirty-First Street.’

 “‘Does it s's’s’top’p’p’p'p’a'a'ny—’

“ ‘ Yes, it stops at Forty-Seventh, Fifty-First,
Englewood, and Blue Island.’

 “ ‘ Does it s’s’s’top’p’p’a’a’anywh’wh’—’

 “ 1 Yes, it stops at all stations. But what differ-
 ence does it make to you? You’re not aboard.'

“ ‘ J'just what I'm k’k'kicking about. Does it
s’s'top’p’p'anywh’wh’wh’where long enough so I
could r’r'run and overta'ts'take it?’”—Lippin-
cott’s.

J*

HORSE AND HORSE.

“T OOK here, sir, I’ve been standing before
^ this window twenty-five minutes!” said
the irate woman.

The agent, a gray, withered little man, an-
swered gently:

“ Ah, madam, I’ve been standing behind it
twenty-five years.”—Boston Herald.

.<t

GETTING AT THE FACTS.

DIRECTORY CANVASSER: “What is
your husband's occupation ? ”

Mrs. O'Hoolihan: “ Sure, an’ it’s a shovel
engineer on a railroad he do be.”

Directory Canvasser: ‘‘You mean a civil en-
gineer, don't you?”

Mrs. O'Hoolihan: “ Faith, an’ yez may be
roight, sor. He’s civil enough, Oi'm afther think-
in’, but anyway, he shovels the coal into the
engine.”—Exchange.

■J*

SERVED HIM RIGHT.

A LARGE and pompous person, wearing a
high hat, a long coat, yellow spats, and
a congenital sneer, who was about to leave Wash-
ington for New York City, walked over to the
porter and said:

“Here, you: I am going to quit this town and
go back to New York, where I can get some

73>
732

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

decent service. I want you to buy me two seats in
a parlor-car on the four o'clock New York train.
Get me two seats, now, and meet me at the sta-
tion with the tickets. I want one to sit in and
one to put my feet in.”

  The tickets were delivered at the train just be-
fore it pulled out. One of the seats was in Car
No. 3, and the' other wag, located in Car No. 4.—
Saturday Evening Post.

THE DIFFERENCE.

  YOU’VE got a pretty lot of citizens to allow
themselves to be charged at the rate of
five cents a mile from here down to the Junction
on a miserable one-horse branch road," said the
shoe-drummer, bitingly.

  “ I'd like ter call yer attention ter one fact
before you go on usin’ any more sech language,”
answered the ticket-agent, calmly; “ and that is,
that while it may be five cents a mile, it's only
thirty-five cents an hour.”—Post.

■J*

A WEIGHTY DIFFICULTY.

IT was on a suburban train. The^young man
in tlie rear car was suddenly addressed by
the woman in the seat behind him.

  “ Pardon me, sir,” she said, “ but would you
mind assisting me off at the next station? You
see, I am very large, and when I get off I have to
go backward, so the conductor thinks I am try-
ing to get aboard and helps me on again. He has
done this at three stations.”—Collier’s.

i

NEW ONE ON HIM.

A YOUTH from Calhoun County, Illinois,
which has nothing but steamboat trans-
portation, came over to Elsberry, Missouri, the
other day to catch a Burlington train to St. Louis.
He had never seen a train, and when the Hannibal
local came rolling in, he stood there gaping,
watched it hiss and steam, and finally pull out.

  “ I thought you were goin’ to St. Louis on
that train?” shouted the station-agent, thrusting
his htad through the window.

  “ I was,” answered the youth, “ but they didn't
put down the gangplank.”—St. Louis Post-Dis-
patch.

MAKING AN ENGINE.

SHE had visited the "Baldwin locomotive works
and, later, told some of her friends how a
locomotive is made.

  “ You pour,” she said, “ a lot of sand into a
lot of boxes, and you throw old slove-lids and
tilings into a furnace, and then you empty the
molten stream into a hole in the sand, and every-
body yells and swears. Then you pour it_out and
let it cool and pound it, and then you put it in
a thing that bores holes in it. Then you screw
it together, and paint it, and put steam in it, and

it goes splendidly: and they take it to a drafting-
room and make a blue-print of it. But one thing
I forgot—they have to make a boiler. One man
gets inside and one gets outside, and they pound
frightfully, and then they tie it to the other thing
—and you ought to see it go! —Exchange.

AGAINST ORDERS.

THE LADY: '■ It's funny, but I've worked
in this railroad office three weeks now, and
I haven't seen any of the men wearing these steel
ties I've read about. Maybe, because tkey are
hard to tie?”—Erie Railroad Employees’ Maga-
zine.

J*

LETTING HIM OFF BASY.

OOD morning! ” said the claim-agent
cheerfully to the patient with a broken
leg and head in bandages.

   “ I have good news for you. Yes, sir. The
company feels sorry for you. It is willing to for-
give and forget. Soulless? Why, man, it’s all
soul.”

   “Ready to pay about five thousand?”

   “ N—no, not exactly that. But I am authorized
to sign its agreement not to prosecute you for let-
ting yourself get thrown on the right-of-way and
blocking rush-hour traffic.”—Exchange.

J*

JIM’S JOB.

“TIM'S got a job as a cobbler at the railroad

      shops.”

   “ Cobbler? How the deuce do you make that
out ? ”

   •• He fits brake-shoes."—Seattle Times.

  FEALEY MEETS HIS WATERLOO.

JIM FEALEY, transfer-agent, who has some-
thing of a reputation for quick and accurate
replies to all queries, went down -to defeat one
day recently while checking No. 6, which had a
large theatrical company from Denver to Chicago.

   The company disbanded at Joliet, and each
member had his own baggage to look after.

One handsome young woman, on being told her
transfer would cost fifty cents, asked, “ Or. a kiss? "
Jim mildly replied, “ No, just fifty cents, please.”
“ Well, after a second look,” said the girL “ I
guess you are right—fifty cents is the cheapest.”
Jim silently retired amid the laughter of the
whole car.—Santa Fe Employees’ Magazine.

WORSE THAN LATE.

Apparently," said Subbubs, “the 7.34

 is late this morning.”

   " Worse than that," replied the station-agent.
“ I'm afraid it's the ‘ late lamented 7.34.’ There’s
been a wreck up the road.”—Exchange.
Coddling the “Old Girl.”

BY THADDEUS S. DAYTON.

IT is not difficult to understand why an. engineer will pet and coddle his
engine and -speak affectionately of it as “ she ” or the “ old girl.” No
other mechanism of steam and steel has ever been built that shows as
many living, breathing, human characteristics as a giant locomotive, and con-
stant association with one is apt to give rise to the feeling that maybe it has
somewhere within its mighty make-up a will or spirit of its own.

    It is only natural that the engineer's unconscious recognition of an en-
gine's ego, or personality, should grow into something akin to a feeling of
fondness for a machine that obeys every command, or that he should view
with distrust and hate one that is always acting badly.

    Mr. Dayton, who has gathered the views and experiences of a number
of engineers on this subject, has left us to form our own opinions regarding
the odd actions of “ old girls.” It is a subject 011 which there are many views.

Strikingly Human Traits of Locomotives Frequently Cause the Wives of
Throttle-Handlers To Become Jealous of the Place the Steel
Giantesses Hold in Their Husbands’ Affections.

the engine he runs, trip after trip—his fa-
vorite—is a great big warm-blooded friend,
powerful to the highest degree, with intelli-
gence and affection, but sometimes whim-
sical, obstinate, and contrary—as full of
moods as a pretty woman. Like her human
prototype, she can be driven best when
carefully watched over, petted, and cajoled.

  Try to force her harshly to do something,
and she bucks at once. That is why engines,
since the days of Stephenson, have always
been “ she ” or “ her ” to the men that run
them. Another curious thing is that the
better the engineer, the more care and af-
fection he lavishes on his engine, and she
appreciates it like a true woman.

  This may sound a bit incredible to the
casual observer of railroads, to him who
rarely sees a locomotive, except at the station
where he takes his train and the one where
he leaves it.

  His conception of an engine is vaguely
something that puffs acrid smoke, makes a
733

A

          SK one railroad engineer, ask
another a third — in fact,
question a dozen if you like
—and you will find that
there is hardly among them
one who does not acknowl-
edge that an engine is more human and more
full of the qualities and traits of a living
human being than you ever imagined a mass
of machinery could be.

  Nobody can tell why this is. It is one
of the great unsolvable mysteries of engine-
building and of railroading. Among the
thousands on thousands of engines in this
country there is not one that does not pos-
sess its own individual characteristics,
which are developed to a greater or less
degree just as they are in human beings.

  To the engineers who run them each has
its own peculiar personality—something
that distinguishes it from all the rest.

  Every engineer expresses the idea in dif-
ferent words, but the substance is this: that
734

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

noise, and drags a train across the rails.
Another thing equally incredible and quite
as worthy of investigation by societies for
psychical research is this:

No Two Engines Behave Alike.

  Take ten new engines, fresh from the
shops, gay with paint and brass and lacquer
and shining steel. They are all of exactly
the same pattern, cast in the same mold,
precisely alike in every particular, with
every pin and bolt and screw identical. And
yet there is not one engine of the ten that
will run exactly the same as any of the
others.

  Drive them each a hundred miles, with
ten equally competent engineers, and you
will find that each has a different indi-
viduality and character. One or more will
be “rogues”—locomotives that the engi-
neer’s instinct will tell him are foreordained
for some bad end.

  Others will be sluggish, lazy, poor steam-
ers, voracious in their‘appetites for coal;
others will be so perfect, so amiable, so in-
telligent in every way, that the fortunate
engineer to whom such an engine is assigned
will lavish upon her untiring affectionate
care, and will even spend hours away from
his family watching over her if she comes
into the roundhouse the least bit out of per-
fect mechanical health.

  “When she is happy,” said the driver of
one of the engines that hauls a mile-a-min-
ute train, “ my 1 old gal ’ is the sweetest
thing you ever saw. She spins along so
blissfully, nothing rattles, everything is in
perfect harmony, and stays that w'ay.

  “ Sometimes, though, she gets out of bed
wrong foot foremost, and then I have to pat
her on the back and humor her. Once in a
while I get out of patience because every-
thing goes wrong, I fume and cuss, but that
doesn’t help matters; and then, all of a
sudden, she will come out of her sulks, and
actually seem to grin at me and start in
running the prettiest you ever saw.

  “ I’ve handled a good many engines in
my over twoscore years of service, and when
the time came to part with those I was fond
of it always caused me a good deal of re-
gret. When it comes to getting acquainted
with a new engine I go about it cautiously.

  “ You have to treat her with a lot of def-
erence and respect at first, until you win her
confidence. Then, if she’s the right sort,
all goes well as long as you're together. If

she’s not, you live in torment. It’s as bad
as being unhappily married, and it’s about
as hard to get a divorce from an engine that
has been assigned to you as it is from an
uncongenial wife.

  “ A bad engine will annoy you by starting
or stopping hard or with a jerk. She will
take a lot of steam—eat up a lot of coal—
and be contrary in a thousand different
ways. Some are treacherous.

  “They will run along for days as pleas-
ant as pie, and then all of a sudden, when
you’re least expecting it, they will fly into
a tantrum that may land you in the ditch.
Some will stay neat and clean with very lit-
tle care, while others will be continually
untidy, no matter how much you may work
over them.

  “ My experience is that the engines with
odd numbers—odd combinations of num-
bers, I mean—like 999, or the four ones,
eleventy-’leven, are unlucky. A good many
others think the same way. I quit a West-
ern road once where they made me run a
999, because she had such a mean dispo-
sition.

  “ An engineer who was running 992—
same pattern—took out 999 next day be-
cause his own engine was being repaired,
and 999 went off the track and killed him
before he had gone twenty miles. I heard
she had one accident after another after
that, and finally they took her off and re-
built her—gave her another number, too.

She Had Some Temper.

  “-That didn’t change her temper at all.
though, and I'll bet that if she isn’t com-
pletely smashed up by this time she’s on her
way doing mischief still.”

  “ I know that 999 you are talking about,”
broke in another engineer who was standing
by, listening to the conversation. “ I had
to take her out a few times when I was the
swing man on that run, and I was always
afraid of her.

  “ She’s dead and gone now, glory be! I
saw a man yesterday who told me that she
was in a head-on collision last week. After
she smashed, she toppled over and rolled
down a high embankment. She was only
fit for the scrap-heap when they picked her
up, but she was wicked to the last. She
scalded her engineer and fireman so badly
that they’ll be laid up for a long time.

  “ I've run a good many different engines,
too,” he went on, “ and there has never been
CODDLING THE “OLD GIRL.”

735

two of them alike. Just like people. Lots
of them I’ve thought so much of that when
they were about used up from hard work,
and I was running some new, natty-looking
gal just out of the shops, I’d go over to the
roundhouse or to the tracks where they were
working, every day or so, just to give them
a pat to show that I’d not forgotten them.
Many’s the time I’ve done that.

  “ I never cared to set eyes more than once
on any of the man-killers I’ve known. You
may believe it or not, but it’s the truth that
there are engines so evil-minded and dan-
gerous there’s no living with them. They’re
as treacherous as a man-eating tiger. They
seem to take solid comfort in hurting people.

Engine with Ideas of Her Own.

  “I honestly believe that there’s engines
that are plumb crazy—engines that ought
to be in lunatic asylums. I knew one once
that seemed to have what the doctors call
a homicidal mania—she was always mur-
dering people.

  “ If that engine had been brought up for
trial before a jury of engineers I’ll bet they
would have sentenced her to death on the
scrap-heap without leaving their seats.”

  “ My experience has been,” announced a
third engineer, who had joined-the group—
“ my experience has been that if I start out
on my run in bad humor my engine gets
cranky, too. If I’m sick she acts just about
as bad as I feel. You’d think that she
would try to cheer me up by acting right:
but she’s just that sympathetic that she
can’t seem to enjoy herself a bit when I’m
not feeling well.

  “ I used to think that this talk about en-
gines having minds and moods was all non-
sense. That was when I was a young man,
though, and had my first engine. There
was a pal of mine who had the run opposite
me on the Rock Island in those days. He
and I talked it over, and decided that we’d
see if there was anything in it. So we
agreed to make a trial of it with 468. He
had his ideas about adjusting her, and I
had mine.

  “ Each of us marked the adjustments he
favored, and I tried running her on his way
of fixing her, and he on mine. He couldn't
do anything with her, and no more could I.

  “ She would buck all the time. Yet she’d
run all right for him when he’d keyed her
up to suit himself, and she was a hummer
when I took her out on my adjustments.

The changes that either of us made were so
trifling that no mechanical engineer would
say that they would affect her running at all,
but they did.

  “ That set me to thinking, and the way I
experimented with 468 was cruel. It’s a
wonder she didn’t lose her temper with me,
but she seemed to know why she was being
made to suffer the way she was, and she
never whimpered.

   “ I gave it up after a while, and if I told
you what I believe about engines now you’d
think I was crazy.”

  The other engineers in the group nodded
their heads gravely.

  “ I guess we’ve all been through pretty
much the same thing,” one of them re-
marked. “ We don’t talk about such mat-
ters very much, except among ourselves and
our families, simply because other folks
can't understand, and we’d hate to be
laughed at.

  “ But there’s a lot more to running an
engine than knowing the mechanism per-
fectly and sitting in the cab and pulling the
lever—a lot of things that a man learns on
moonlight nights when the shadows on the
track confuse one, or on the nights of fog
when the signals aren’t clear; lots of things
a man can’t put into words.”

Watch ’Em Like Children.

  An engineer, especially one of the fast
runners, is jealous in the extreme of his
engine. Go into any roundhouse where the
big liundred-tonners with seventy-nine-
inch drivers are being cleaned up after
their return home, or are being made ready
for a trip out, and you will find engineers
standing about, carefully watching every
move of the wipers and machinists and oc-
casionally taking a hand themselves.

  An hour or two before she is ready to go
out the engineer himself goes into executive
session, and spends his time tightening a
nut here or loosening a bolt there, inspecting
with his own eyes every atom of the great
mass of complex machinery that he loves.

  His constant companion is an oil-can
filled with his own especial kind of “dope,”
for few engineers are content with the qual-
ity of the oil that the company furnishes,
and each has his own secret lubricant which
he compounds himself, and which he guards
as jealously as the alchemist used to guard
the formula by which he hoped to transmute
base metals into gold.
736

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  The passenger engineer generally runs
only on alternate days. When he is at home
and the man who runs opposite to him is
out with his “old gal,” he puts in his time
as best he can until he hears her whistle.
Standing in the doorway of his home, watch
in hand, a mile away perhaps, he listens
with strained attention.

  “ There comes Dick and the ‘ old gal.’
Ninety seconds late! By George, she’s
coming in on one side! If folks knew what
they were riding behind they’d quit travel-
ing. It’s a wonder to me that they ever let
that man run an engine.

  “Huh! didn’t whistle for that crossing
until he was almost onto it. Took her
around that curve on one wheel. What’s
the use of fixing up the 1 old gal ’ when they
let a man take her out that don't know how
to humor her?

  “ She’ll be as mad and cranky as can be
to-morrow'. I’ll go down to the roundhouse
to-night as soon as Dick is out of the way
and look her over, and see if I can’t patch
things up.”

  Dick, by the way, is probably just as
competent and as experienced as the man
that runs opposite to him. The next day
it is Dick’s turn to wait, watch in hand,
for his favorite to come in. He, too, criti-
cizes freely to himself the manner in which
his rival for the “old gal’s” affectionate
regard is running her.

  Occasionally, when she comes in on time
to the second, and the engineer’s keen
senses are unable to pick any flaws, with a
twinkle in his eye, he will slip his watch
back in his pocket and remark to his wife
as he goes into the house: “ She’s all right
to-night. She’s certainly a hummer, and
no mistake! ”

  The engineer’s wife shares with her
husband the belief in the almost human
qualities of the big engine that helps earn
their bread, for she pays the unwilling
compliment of being jealous of her.

  “ My husband thinks more of his engine
than he does of me and the children,” she
remarks. “ He’s always worrying about
her. If one of the children is sick he
sleeps soundly enough, but when his old
engine comes in with a sore throat or a
tender toe he’ll stay down to the roundhouse
half the night tinkering with her or watch-
ing the machinists.

  “ There are lots of things he could do at
home on his off-days, but there’s no holding
him when his ‘ old gal ’ comes in. He ljas

to hurry down to see if she is all right be-
fore he can think of anything else. Some-
times he will come back with a long face,
as if some one was dead.

  “ If I don’t ask him what is the matter—
I used to at first—he will say: ‘ She’s feel-
ing pretty sick this morning. I'll be gone
some little time fixing her up. Don't know
how' I'll ever get over the run with her un-
less I do. She’s getting old, and I have to
pat her on thejback a good deal to keep her
up to her work nowadays.’

  “ I feel sometimes like going down there
and throwing stones at her. Yes, I am
jealous of her. I wish my husband would
quit railroading and get into some other
business.

  “ It makes me laugh sometimes, though,
to see how jealous my husband is of Dick,
the man that runs opposite to him. Dick
is just as jealous of my husband, too. They
are friendly enough, of course, to each oth-
er’s faces, but Dick’s wife and I have often
compared notes about how they talk about
each other at home.

  “ Why, my husband has a lot of the holts
and things scored with tiny file marks to
show just where he sets them—just how
far they 'should be screwed up, in his judg-
ment—and when he finds them disturbed
in the slightest degree he growls like a big
bear. Dick's wife says her husband is the
same. Funny, isn’t it?”

  No engineer can explain the big ma-
chine’s moods—why she runs smoothly, or
why she is stiff, rheumatic, and contrary
to the most vexatious degree on different
days. The casual stranger may inquire,
and will receive a gruff answer, “ Weather,”
or “ Don't know,” but to the man who the
engineer knows is in sympathy with him
he will theorize by the hour, and all his
ideas will be based on the foundation that
there is something human about the ma-
chine. No engineer has gone so far as to
assert that ejigines have souls, but most of
them give their favorites almost every' other
human attribute.

  The engine that consumes comparatively
little coal and steams easily is the fire-
man’s favorite. As soon as he becomes
thoroughly familiar with the mechanism
his discrimination between various locomo-
tives grows keener, and by the time he is
rated as an engineer he has joined the rest
of the brotherhood in their settled likes and
dislikes of the fickle or trustworthy giant-
esses that he drives over the steel.
AGAINST GREAT ODDS

              BY EARLE C. WIGHT.

                   The Story of a Desperate Man
                   of the Rio Grande Country.

newly appointed vice-presi-
dent drummed on the desk
with his fingers, swung around
on his chair until he faced the
reporter, and smiled. The re-
porter srSiiled in return, for he
was sufficient of a judge of human nature
to know the vice - president’s mind had
gone way back in the pjist and that he
was thinking of something decidedly
pleasant.

  When you strike a man in this sort of a
mood the odds are that you will get some-
thing out of him. So the
reporter took his note-
book and pencil and pre-
pared to write.

  “ The Star thinks its
readers would be inter-
ested in learning how a
man, once a section-hand
at a- dollar and two bits
a day, rose to be vice-
president and general
manager of three thou-
sand miles of railroad.”

  “It’s mainly a ques-
tion of opportunity,” said
Mr. West. “Opportu-
nity and hunch. You
know what a hunch is,

I suppose.”

  The reporter, having
played more than one
game of poker, defined it
as “ a feeling that led one
to stay in a pot with only
a pair of trays.”

  Mr. West nodded.

  “ You have pretty near-
ly hit it, except that my

     11	R R

 hunch led me to stay in the pot without any
 cards to draw to.”

“Did you win?”

“"If you call a bullet in the shoulder
and saving fifty thousand dollars winning,
then I won.”

 “That’s the story I was told to ask you
 about,” said the newspaper man.

The vice-president settled back in his
chair. He was a big man with a bulldog
hitch to his right shoulder that had given
him the name of “Fighting Bob.”

“ Opportunity and hunch, my boy, and

"accept—you blackguard! i have a notion to kill you!"
            737
738

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

" IF ANY OF YOU WANT ANY OF THE SAME
MEDICINE, LET HIM DROP HIS HANDS!"

something to fight. For a winning com-
bination, those three are unbeatable.
Usually the impelling force behind the
other two is a desire for wealth, power, or
a woman. In my case it was a woman,
the rest have come, too, but if it hadn't
been for the woman, God bless her, I’d
still be a section-hand.”

  This is the story that the vice-president
told:

  A railroad man’s life at best is pretty
tough. There is room on top for just one
to every thousand underneath, and if the
man above takes a dislike to the one be-
low, he has more ways of taking it out

on him than a cat has

lives.

  I always thought my-
self a pretty good snipe,
as we .called the section
men out there, until I
ran up against Superin-
tendent Peck and the
cause of our quarrel—
the girl.

  It might seem funny
to you that two men in
such different positions
should be courting the
same girl, but this was
in the early days in the
West when one man was
as good as another.

   At first it was a neck-
and-neck race between
Peck and me for her
favor, then I began to draw a little bit
ahead. Peck got sore, and things began
to happen.

As a first move be tried to have me fired
from the road, but failed because the fore-
man was a' good friend of mine and re-
fused to do it without some reason.

“Peck then quietly passed the word to
the roadmaster, with the result that next
pay-day my full time came in together
with my discharge. I don’t blame the
roadmaster; he was an old man with a
large family, and Peck said that either he
or I should go, but it was pretty hard on
me. I was cut off in the dead of winter
without a job, or any possibility of getting
one, with little money. Ten dollars would
have bought me, and I knew Peck would
blacklist me so no other road would give
me work.

Under these conditions, there was but
one thing to do. I packed my grip, kissed
the girl good-by, and went to San An-
tonio, the nearest large town. There were
some shops there, and by changing my
name I was able to secure work.

  Everything was going nicely. I was
putting money in the bank each month,
getting a letter every day to show that
one had not forgotten me,' and there was
some talk of making me foreman.

  Then, one day, Peck happened to stroll
in. A week later they informed me that
my services were no longer required. No
reason was given, mind you, no criticism
of my work, nothing—they simply did not
want me.
AGAINST GREAT ODDS.

739

  It looked as though Peck would not be
satisfied until he had driven me out of the
country. I had never done any work but
railroad work, and with the superintendent
able to get me discharged on every road
in the State, I saw nothing but Mexico,
where his influence did not extend. Before
doing that, however, I wanted to go back to
Red Oak, see my friends, and ask the girl
to go with me as my wife.

  My temper is hard 'to kindle, but once
started is harder to stop. For the second
time I packed my clothes because Peck had
the whip hand of me.

  If any train ever deserved the name of
local, that train to Red Oak took first prize.
It. was composed of a switcli-engine, a
baggage - car that looked like a lumber-
wagon. and two ancient day-coaches.

  The last car was divided in half, the
rear portion being used as a smoker. To
the rear I went. Lighting my pipe, I be-
gan to smoke gloomily and cuss the super-
intendent.

  I didn't want to go to Mexico. I wanted
only to go back to Red Oak, marry, and
settle down.

  1 hadn’t been in the smoker long when
Peck entered. You would think that after
a man had caused you to be discharged
twice he would keep away from you. But
if he hadn’t come in and sat down beside
me just then, there would be another vice-
president sitting in this office just now.

  Peck had a sarcastic grin on his face.
He pushed my grip over, lighted a big, fat
cigar with a red band around it, to make
me ashamed of my pipe, and after lie had
it going well, turned to me.

  “ I suppose,” he said, between puffs,
“you have been fired again.”

  “Yes, thanks to you.”

  “ It is too bad a young man of your
ability can’t stay sober long enough to hold
a job,” he said, looking at me out of the
corner of his eyes.

  “So that’s your game, is it?” I ex-
claimed. “You intend spreading it around
Red Oak that I was discharged for drink-
ing.”

  “ It’s what they told me at the shops
in San Antonio,” lie replied.

  “ Then it’s a lie ! ” I cried hotly. “ I
was discharged because you said so.”

  He edged away from me when he saw
my anger. We sat in silence for some
moments, then he said:

  “ Isn’t there some way we can fix this

up? You are nearly broke and out of a
job. Suppose I were to offer you any
section on the line except No. 314.”

  This was the Red Oak section.

  “On. what condition?” I asked, sus-
piciously.

  “Can't you guess?” he asked.

  “ No! ” I snapped.

  “ It’s easy enough to guess,” he said,
looking everywhere but at me. “You can
have the yards at Forbestown, with a rake-
off on feeding the men, sell all the old ties
you take out, or, if that isn’t enough, you
can have an extra gang—all by keeping
away from a certain person in Red Oak.”

  I think I would have thrown him out
of the window then and there if my atten-
tion had not been attracted by three men
who entered just then.

  There was something about them—I
can’t explain to this day what it1 was—that
made me watch them intently. They were
different in face and dress from any other
men in that part of the country.

  Instead of wearing their guns w'here
everybody could see them, they were hid-
den in their back pockets. What called
my attention to them was a black mask
sticking out of one man’s pocket.

  As they brushed past us, the one in the
lead slipped a note into the superintend-
ent’s hand.

  Call it hunch, premonition, or what you
like, I had an aching desire to see that
slip of paper. Somehow I knew it affected
me and my future. Bending over with his
back to me he pretended to take it from
his pass-book. He read it carefully, and,
instead of putting it back, he thrust it into
his vest. When he turned to me expecting
his answer I had it all planned out.

  “ Do you accept my proposition ? ” he
asked briskly.

  “ Accept—you blackguard ! ” I yelled.
“ I have a notion to kill you! ”

  I threw my arms around him, bending
him back on the arm of the seat until his
bones cracked. The car was instantly in
an uproar. Some of the men fought to get
out of our way; others to separate us.
Coming quickly iii our direction were the
three who had last entered; but before they
could reach us my hand had slipped about
Peck’s body and into his vest pocket.

  “ Now you can go! ” I said.

  I gave him a shove that sent him sprawl-
ing into the aisle.

  The car quieted down again. Peck did
740

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

not dare to lodge a complaint fearing that
I would repeat the conversation that had
brought on the trouble. I took the paper
and went out on the platform.

  It began without an address, nor did it
have a signature. It read:

   The stuff is on the train as you said. We
  do the job at McElvaney. Keep out and you
  get your share.

  If there were any crooked work to be
done—McElvaney was an ideal spot. It
was at the top of a steep grade, and the
road curved to within a hundred miles of
the Mexican border. A hundred miles isn’t
much ground, for a man to cover on a
good horse, especially if he could start the
trip with plenty of water—and McElvaney
had a tank.

  Neither was it difficult to guess what the
“stuff” was. Red Oak and the adjoining
town did not have banks, and on Satur-
days they required considerable cash to
take care of their cowboy and ranch trade.

  This was Friday, so by putting two and
two together, I formed a pretty good guess
of what was going to happen. Still I
might be mistaken. There was a • chance
that the three men were railroaders; the
“job” might be legitimate; and the “stuff”
could easily be dynamite or tools.

  I went back to my grip, found my re-
volver, and slipped it into my pocket.
Then I went through the other car, but
could find no more suspicious characters.
This rather upset my calculations, as it
hardly seemed possible that three men
would attempt to hold up two cars filled
with cattlemen, nine-tenths of whom were
armed.

  The more I thought of it the more fool-
ish it seemed, after calling myself an old
woman with a bad attack of nerves.

  Three hours later it was night, but so
bright outside that you could have read a
paper. The moon was full, throwing its
light over the gray desert like a silver cloth.
A slinking coyote barked at us from the
shadow of a mesquit tree. Cactus and
sage-brush glided by like ghostly shadows.
Presently we began to slow up as we
climbed the grade of which McElvaney
was the summit.

  Suddenly the three men, as though by
some preconceived signal, rose and walked
toward the engine. Two continued on
while the third stopped and turned his
back to the door as if he were guarding it.

  I stood up, intending to follow, when a
hand was laid on my arm. It was Peck.

  “ I want to apologize,” he said quite
frankly, holding out his hand. “ We all
make mistakes, and mine was a bad one.
Here, sit down,” he pulled me into a seat
beside him. “Now if you are willing to
let bygones be bygones, I’m in earnest about
offering you a section any place you want,
not even barring Red Oak. We will fight
it out squarely from now on.”

  There was such a change in the man
and in the proposition he made that I was
dumfounded. It should have put me on
my guard. After all the injury he had
done me, to have him turn around and act
like a white man was too much.

  “ Who were those three men ? ” I asked,
still thinking of the paper in my pocket.

  “ What three men? ”

  I pointed to the one leaning against the
door.

   “ Oh ! ” he said, and paused just a frac-
tion of a second. “ They are linesmen.
There is a telegraph-wire broken at McEl-
vaney, and the company has sent them-out
to repair it.”

  There was just a flicker to his eyelid
that told me he lied. Before I could more
than brush him aside and step into the
aisle, the train came to a stop with a
grinding crash.

  Many of the passengers were thrown out
of their seats, and before any of us were
aware, the man at the door, his face now
covered by a black mask, had drawn two
revolvers.

  “ Stand where you are! ” he ordered.
“Any man who moves gets a bullet! Put
your hands up—quick! ”

  The hands of every man in the car were
thrust in the air—all except one.

  The shock of the train when it stopped
had thrown me forward with such violence
that it rendered me partially unconscious.
As from a long distance I heard the orders
of the bandit and the scramble of the men
trying to obey him.

  When I came to, the car was absolutely
quiet, but for an occasional nervous cough.
I quickly took note of my surroundings.
My fall had wedged me in between two
seats so tightly that I could scarcely move.
My feet were the only part of my body vis-
ible from the end of the car. Above me
was a fat drummer and a farmer boy. both
pasty white.

   As quietly as possible I told the drummer
AGAINST GREAT ODDS.

741

to move over so as
to give me room to
get my gun from my
pocket. Holding my
breath, I began to
squirm slowly around.

  It was not bravery
on my part — simply
self - defense.' I had
worked too hard for
that money, it meant
too much to me, to
give it up to the first
man who wanted it.

  A commotion oppo-
site me helped my
movements. An otd
white-haired
man, unaccustomed to
the tiring position,
dropped his arms. At the same instant a
shot resounded through the car, and the old
man toppled over, a crimson stain dyeing his
shirt front.

  “ If any of you want any of the same
medicine, let him drop his hands! ” roared
the bandit.

  Previous to this I had no intention of
doing anything but save my money, but with
this brutal outrage committed without any
reason before my eyes, I found myself see-
ing red.

  So as not to attract the bandit’s attention,
I twisted myself around until my head was
where my feet had been.

  Revolver in hand, I leaned out. The rob-
ber saw me—but a fraction of a second too
late.

  My bullet reached him just as squarely
as his had reached the old man.

  I jumped to my feet, and ran out at the
rear of the car.

  As I did so, one bullet, then another,
whistled close to my head. Behind me
some one was shouting “ Hands up! ” Sev-
eral more shots were fired. I jumped nim-
bly over the railing and ran straight to a
pile of ties.

  Crouching behind these I had the whole
train in full view. Ahead by the engine was
a group composed of the conductor, en-
gineer, fireman, and two brakesmen, guard-
ed by a bandit.

  There were two more in the baggage-car,
one at either end of the first coach, another
standing at the forward end of the rear car,
and—could I believe my eyes?—there
was Peck himself, holding up the passen-

AFTER TeS MIN-
UTES SLOW WORK
I WAS ABLE TO
PUT MY HAND ON
A SWEAT-STAINED
FLANK.

  gers in place of the robber that I had just
wounded.

  So he had thrown off the mask! There
could be no doubt now that the baggage-
car held more than the usual amount of
money.

  The superintendent had learned this, and
staking all on one throw, was risking not
only his reputation but his life.

  If I had not caught him robbing his own
company, I would have been content to get
away in safety with my money, but with
the memory of those bullets whistling so
close to my head and of all the other in-
juries suffered at his hands, I determined
that I would pit my strength and courage
against his.

  It was not longer a question of the rail-
road ; but Peck and I had a little fight of
our own to settle—with the odds seven to
one in his favor.

  One hundred yards away stood the water-
tank—lonely and desolate—its water drip-
ping into the desert sand.

  On every side as far as the eye could
reach stretched the prairie, broken only by
the dwarfed mesquit.
742

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  I saw what I had been searching for—a
dark figure that moved ever so slightly.
Dropping on my knees and keeping the pile
of ties between me and the train, after ten
minutes slow work I was able to put my
hand on a sweat-stained flank. Seven

  Another followed, and another, until there
were five strung out.

  The rear door opened, anti Peck, with the
revolver still in his hand, lightly vaulted
the railing and joined the procession.

  They seemed to realize there were only
two horses left, and the retreat became a
foot-race for life or death. The man with
the bag and Peck reached the horses first.
Without touching the stirrups, they sprang
into the saddles, and without even casting a
look backward at the comrades they were
deserting, turned their fetrses’ heads and
galloped away.

EXCEPT FOR OUR
CLOTHES, THERE
WAS VERY LITTLE
DIFFERENCE
BETWEEN US.

horses, saddled and bridled, were standing
patiently with dieir bridle reins on the
ground.

  Four of them were still blowing hard,
showing in what manner the bandits had
received their reenforcements. One by one,

I	threw the bridles over their heads and
slapping them hard, sent them back over the
route they had come. Three remained—two
that had been ridden and one fresh one.
Mounting the latter, I followed the four
that had gone ahead.

  As I jogged slowly along, I saw what I
had expected. A bandit with a heavy grip
in his hand dropped off the baggage-car and
raced for the horses.

From one end to another the train began
to blaze with shots. Two of the four re-
maining men fell at the first volley, the
others had little chance against that train-
load of infuriated victims. Leaving them
to their fate, I drummed on my horse’s ribs
with my heels and, swinging westward,
started in pursuit of Peck and the man with
the bag.

There was no danger of being unable to
overtake them, for their horses were already
half-blown, while mine was comparatively
fresh.

What I would do when I came alongside
the two desperate, armed men, I did not
know. I was simply following my hunch.

  One hundred miles doesn’t look much on
a map, a mere pin-length at most, a couple
of hours ride on a train; but try it some
time at night, the moon high in the heavens,
through an unknown country, where even-
tall cactus appears like a desperado await-
ing your approach with a death-dealing
gun, and every shadow a shapeless terror!

  We followed a sort of trail, where the
sand was packed hard as macadam, and my
horse’s hoofs rang loud in my ears. I rode
on and on without a sight of the fugitives.
My horse was a good one and needed little
AGAINST GREAT ODDS.

743

urging, yet by the time the moon had gone
down he could scarcely go faster than a trot.

    What condition the other two were in was
 made plain by the marks of their dragging
 footsteps and the drops of blood from their
 sides, where the spurs had been brutally
 used.

    Several times there were marks where one
 of the horses had fallen. I also found in
 the middle of the road a hat with the initials
 “R. H. P.” inside.

    As the moon sank below the horizon and
 the dawn broke, my horse stopped his sham-
 bling gait so suddenly that it almost threw
 me from the saddle. He stood trembling in
 every limb, and refused to move until I dis-
 mounted and led him forward by the bridle.

   Then I saw the reason. Barring our
 path was a horse outstretched on the sand
 and breathing heavilj<

Close by was the sprawling figure of a
' man. It wasn’t Peck. As I went forward,
he sat up straight, staring at me stupidly.
I disarmed him, taking two revolvers and a
mask.

    “Well," I said, when the fellow was able
. to talk, “how did this happen? That isn’t
your horse? Where is Peck?”

    “ I was waiting for him like a pal should
 when he comes up behind me and hits me
 over the head with his gun, then he takes
 my horse and rides on. A nice pal he is,”
 the man said.

   There was only one thing to do. Peck
 still had the money, and it was my duty to
 follow him.

    The odds were now cut from two against
 one to even. As for the other robber, after
 studying him a few minutes, I hit upon a
 plan. He was about my build, both of us
 were clean shaven, and except for our
 clothes, there was little difference between us

    “ Get up and take off that coat and your
 trousers,” I ordered.

    He drew sullenly back, doubtful of my
 intentions. I had to thrust my revolver close
 to his face to emphasize my meaning. We
 made the change in silence. There was lit-
 tle doubt the man would be there when I
 returned. A posse was already on his track,
 ahead were Peck and myself, on either side
 lay the desert. He was as good as caught.

    It took but little riding to catch up with
 Peck. His mount was in a bad way, stag-
 gering from side to side with every step.

    On seeing me Peck forced the poor brute
 into a feeble trot, which, however, lasted
 only a few hundred yards.

   In the distance we could see the green
foliage of the trees marking the Rio Grande
—the border line of Mexico—and Peck’s
destination.

   Seeing that he could not reach the line
before I caught up with him, he drew his
gun and took a shot at me.

   The bullet whistled un9omfortably close.
I was half minded to shoot in return, but
the. desire to capture him alive overcame
my fear, and I waved the bandit’s sombrero
about my head so he would think my inten-
tions were not hostile.

  Luckily the hat was of a conspicuous
color, white, with a red band around the
crown, and this and my clothes gave Peck
the idea I had intended—that I was the
companion he had rapped over the head
with his gun.

  He permitted me to get close, but kept
his hand on his hip ready for trouble should
I prove, vindictive. I rode up behind him,
the hat pulled low over my face, my chin
sunk on my chest, as though in pain.

  “That was a nice trick you played on
me,” I growled, “hitting a pal on the head
and taking his horse away from him.”

   “'It’s all in the game,” he said, shifting
the satchel from one hand to the other.
“Where did you get the horse?”

  “The same way you did. Took it from
another man.”

   I could see him looking at it with spec-
ulative eyes, and knew he was meditating
some plan to make an exchange. He must
have made a quick decision, for he motioned
me to ride alongside.

   “ And give you a chance to hit me another
crack on the head? Not much.” I pro-
tested.

  He shrugged his shoulders, and without
looking backward, rode on.

  Here was my opportunity. Gradually,
foot by foot, inch by inch, I drew nearer.
My horse’s head was on a line with his
horse’s tail. It drew up to the other’s
cantle; it crept beside the girth; on to the
pommel—and my hands were stretched out
to seize the superintendent.

   Just at the critical moment he happened
to turn and saw my white face not two feet
from his own.

   With an oath he jerked out his revolver.
Before I could withdraw my hands there
came a stunning report like a dozen peals
of thunder rolled into one.

   A terrific blow, and I reeled in my saddle.
Through a maze of smoke I saw his face
744

THE RAILROAD MAN’S, MAGAZINE.

wrinkle into its old sarcastic smile. His
thumb was busy with the hammer, which
seemed to be caught in some way. Between
me and eternity were only a few seconds.

  I flung myself toward him. My right
arm encircled his neck. The horses pulled
apart and we crashed heavily to the ground.

He lay flat on the ground, arms and legs
extended to their fullest extent, scarcely
breathing. A trickle of blood from a gash in
his forehead, showed the extent of his injur}’.

  It was what caused the cut that made
me laugh. A fall from a horse on the soft
sand is not a dangerous thing, but Peck-

had struck his head on the lock of the
satchel containing the stolen money.

  “And so,” said the reporter, snapping
shut his book, “you recovered fifty thousand
dollars for the railroad; they, in gratitude,
made you road-master, and from that you
worked up to your present position.”

  “ You left out the most important part,"
said the vice-president, “ I got the girl.”

If you don’t see a stop or a slow signal once in a while, better suspect
the signaling system. There might be a wreck and you might be
in it. No man’s luck is insured against interruption.
—Sayings of the Supervisor.

  When my senses returned., the sun was
high in the heavens, my shoulder burned
like liquid fire, and it was only by using
the stirrup of one of the patient horses that
I was able to regain my feet.

  I stared dumbly wondering how I had
escaped, and then in spite of my suffering,
I laughed out loud. For once in his life
the superintendent had overstepped himself.

BETWEEN ME AND ETERNITY WERE
ONLY A FEW SECONDS.
  Record Runs of Millionaires

BY GEORGE JEAN NATHAN.

 WHEN the average individual is in a hurry to get from one part of the
 country to another, he generally has to content himself with a Pull-
 man berth on a limited train. If, however, he is sufficiently endowed
 with dollars to consider the spending of a few thousands with the same degree
 of equanimity with which he might contemplate buying an ordinary mileage
 book, it is not unlikely that he will charter a special train and strive to break
 all records between his starting point and destination.

     In recent issues of The Railroad Man's Magazine the record runs of
 the Jarrett & Palmer Special and Scotty's Coyote Special were described
 at length, but since these mad dashes across the continent other fast runs
 have been made which have made distances shorter than ever before.

     Not all of these runs were the result of mere whims. Many were made
 t;o reach the bedside of a dear relative before the arrival of the Grim Reaper.

 - Whatever the cause, these contests with time are always interesting, and
 many of them have added dramatic chapters to the history of the great steel
 ways.

No Matter How Thick the Traffic, a Clear Track Can Generally Be Secured
for the Man in a Hurry Who Can Foot
the Bill.

   not be procured immediately, but the Sun-
   set Limited was leaving in a few hours and
   the railroad officials agreed to attach the
   “ Ranger,” Mr. Gates’s private car.

    Arrangements were then completed for
  a special train to be made up and waiting
  on his arrival at Yuma, Arizona, which
  would make the run across the continent
  in the fastest time that schedules would
  allow.

A Long Run to the Doctor.

     An engine, buffet car, and three coaches
   for ballast, were standing on a side-track
   at Yuma, and no time was lost coupling
   the “ Ranger ” to them.

At half past five o’clock on Thursday,
February 16, the special pulled out of the
little Western town on its three-thousand-
mile journey, while the wires beside the
745

a man has the price
. finds it necessary
be whisked across
country at the fast-
possible speed, then
look out for new rec-
ords! During recent years, a number of
rich Americans have found the regular
schedules and the fastest trains too slow, or
the importance attending their journey too
great, and have engaged special trains to
have the right of way over everything to get
them to their destination. The most recent
case on record is that of Charles G. Gates, a
New York broker, who was suddenly taken
ill in San Diego, California, and wanted to
get home to New York as fast as steam
could carry him—or faster.

  Mr. Gates hurried to the telephone and
rang up the Southern Pacific Company’s
office at San Diego. A special train could
746

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

track hummed with messages arranging a
special right of way over all the roads it
would traverse.

   It switched from the Southern Pacific to
the Rock Island at El Paso, Texas, and
left that city at 7 a.m. on the following
day for the run to Chicago.

   Just out of El Paso, it made one hundred
miles in one hundred minutes. At Hutch-
inson, Kansas, the special had- gained six
hours and forty-six minutes on the Golden
State Limited, which left Yuma forty-six
minutes later.

  Near Volland, Kansas, just west of
Topeka, it had its first set-back. A train
ahead had been derailed, and the special
was forced to wait two hours for the block-
ade to be lifted. Mr. Gates fretted until
they were under way again. Nevertheless,
when the train reached Topeka, at 2.22 p.m.
on Saturday, February 18, its speed had av-
eraged forty-five miles an hour since the de-
parture from El Paso. At every stop John
W. Gates, who was in Port Arthur, Texas,
was informed by telegraph of the condition
of his son, and Mrs. Charles G. Gates, at
her home in Madison Avenue, New York,
also received bulletins.

Without a Stop.

  The special drove through Topeka with-
out a stop, and got to Kansas City at 4.51
p.m. A fresh locomotive was ready, and
the train was off again' at 4.52. The offi-
cials at El Paso had calculated that the
train would be in Chicago between four
and five o’clock on Sunday morning. True
to their predictions, it arrived on time, and
left for New York on the Lake Shore at
five o’clock.

   The nine hundred and seventy-four miles
from Chicago to New York were covered
in sixteen hours and twenty-seven min-
utes; the final lap of one hundred and
forty-three miles from Albany being made
in one hundred and forty-one minutes.
This is the record from Chicago to New
York, but it is twenty minutes slower than
the time made by Frank A. Vanderlip’s
train running west from New York to Chi-
cago, in 1909.

  The five hundred and thirty-five miles
from Chicago to Buffalo were reeled off in
five hundred and twenty-three minutes,
while the four hundred and forty miles
from Buffalo to New York were covered in
four hundred and sixty-four minutes.

 Twenty-one minutes were lost on the Mo-
 hawk Division of the New York Central
 between Syracuse and Albany, because of a
 local train ahead getting irito trouble.

Record of the Run.

    The engineer who brought the train from
 Albany to High Bridge was E. A. Clem-
 ens, and the fireman was E. A. Cooper. A
 change of engines was made at High
 Bridge, when the electric locomotive in
 charge of George Snyder picked up the train
 and brought it into New York.

    I	his is the time-table of the train from
 Chicago to New York, as given out at the
 offices of the New York Central:

     Arrived at Chicago 4.50 a.m. Sunday.

Left Chicago, 5 a.m. Arrived Elkhart,

 6.45 a.m. (100 miles in 105 minutes).

Left Elkhart, 6.48 a.m. Arrived Toledo,

 9-02 a.m. (143 miles in 134 minutes).

Left Toledo, 9.04 a.m. Arrived Cleveland,

10.41 a.m. (108 miles in 97 minutes).

Left Cleveland, 10.45 a.m. Arrived Euffajo,

1.52 p.m. Central time, 2.52 p.m. Eastern time.'

 (1S3 miles in 187 minutes).

Left Buffalo, 2.55 p.m. Arrived Syracuse.

 5.29 p.m. (149 miles in 154 minutes).

Left Syracuse, 5.32 p.m. Arrived Albany,

 8.21 p.m. (148 miles in 169 minutes).

Left Albany, S.28 p.m. Arrived New York,

 10.49 p.m. (143 miles in 141 minutes).

    When Mr. Gates paid his bills he found
 that the trip from coast to coast had cost
 him six thousand dollars, at the rate of
 about two dollars a mile. The cost of the
 run from Chicago to New York was one
 thousand eight hundred and twenty-five
 dollars, which figures up to a charge of
 two dollars for every minute that the special
 was on the rails.

New York to Chicago in Sixteen Hours.

 Few runs have proved more thrilling than
 that participated in by Frank A. Vanderlip,
 president of the National City Bank of New
 York, who during the early part of 1909
 started from New York in a vain effort to
 beat the Grim Reaper to Chicago, where his
 aged mother lay dying.

 When at the point of retiring for the
 night, "Mr. Vanderlip received a telegram
 from his brother-in-law in Chicago, saying
 that his mother had been prostrated by a
 sudden and seriou's attack of pneumonia.
 Seizing the telephone, Mr. Vanderlip noti-
RECORD RUNS OF MILLIONAIRES.

747

 fied the New York Central authorities that
 he wanted a special made up for him at
 once.

  Fifty minutes later the train pulled out
of the Grand Central Station. It was com-
posed of four cars, Mr. Vanderlip’s private
car and three empties for braking purposes.
Six of the most powerful locomotives of the
New York Central and Lake Shore roads
were subsequently used, and the crews were
shifted at Albany, Syracuse, Buffalo, To-
ledo, and Elkhart, Indiana.

Run Made History.

  The train-despatchers had received blan-
ket orders to give the special right of way
over everything, and several passenger-
trains were side - tracked during the run.
Every change of locomotives but one was
accomplished in less than a minute. At
Elkhart three minutes were lost through an
unavoidable delay.

  The Vanderlip race against death should
live in the history of railroading. It estab-
lished the fastest time between New York
and Chicago, the train reaching the La
Salle Street Station at seven minutes after
three o’clock the next afternoon, sixteen
hours and seven minutes from New York,
almost an hour better than the previous
record of seventeen hours, and two hours
faster than the schedules of the Twentieth-
Century Limited and the Pennsylvania Spe-
cial. The entire run of 965 miles was made
in exactly 907 minutes, making an aver-
age of 1.06 miles a minute.

  The special was brought into Chicago by
Engineer Mark Floyd and Conductor James
Wisher.

  Throughout the race Mr. Vanderlip kept
begging the engineer for more speed. He
received no messages as to his mother’s
condition en route, and lived in constant
fear that death would beat him to the
bedside.

Death Wins the Race.

  When the train reached Englewood Sta-
tion he jumped into a waiting automobile
and started at top speed for his mother’s
home in Madison Avenue.

“Mother?” he asked as the door opened.

  “ She died at ten minutes to three,” was
the reply—which was the very time the
special had pulled into the Englewood
Station.

  The detailed schedule of the Vanderlip
special’s race with death follows:

     Left New York at midnight, Eastern time.

     Arrived in Buffalo, 6.39 a.m.—440 miles in
   339 minutes.

     Arrived in Cleveland, 9.27 A.M.—183 miles
   in 168 minutes.

     Arrived in Toledo, 11.23 a.m.—108 miles in
   116 minutes.

     Arrived in Elkhart, 1.23 p.m.—133 miles in
   120 minutes.

     Left Elkhart, 1.26 p.m.—3 minutes lost in
   changing locomotives.

     Arrived in Englewood, 2.58 p.m.—95 miles
   in 92 minutes.

     Arrived at La Salle Street Station 3.07 p.m.

  A railroad race with death that takes
rank with the above occurred several years
ago when Dr. W. Meyer and two nurses
started from New York in a record-break-
ing run to the scene of a wreck on the New
York Central near Lyons, New York, in
which Mrs. Newman Erb, wife of the vice-
president of the Pere Marquette Railroad,
had been seriously injured.

  Accompanied by Mr. Erb’s' son-in-law
and his wife, the physician and nurses left
the metropolis on a special, composed of the
fastest engine available, three day-coaches,
and a private car. The special was ordered
at seven o’clock in the morning, when the
news of the disaster arrived, and pulled out
at ten minutes to eight. It was given a
clear track and whirled up the Hudson at
the rate of a mile a minute.

81 Miles in 74 Minutes.

  At Albany, Dr. Meyer appealed to the
engineer and Conductor William Lewis for
more speed, and from Albany to Syracuse
all records were broken, the distance to the
latter city from New York being made in
four and one-half hours. After a quick
change of engines, the train hurried on to
Rochester, the eighty-one intervening miles
being covered in seventy-four minutes. The
run was all the more remarkable in view of
the fact that the engineer was compelled to
slow down six successive times.

  The special covered the 373 miles from
New York to Rochester in 344 minutes,
breaking the record of the Empire State
Express by one hour ; but Death had beaten
the flying train by twenty minutes, and
Mrs. Erb had succumbed to her injuries.
The race was the best piece of record work
in the history of the New York Central to
that date.
748

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  Late in March, a year ago, George W.
Perkins and his wife figured iu a spectacu-
lar railroad dash from Stuart, Florida, to
Cleveland, Ohio, where Mr. Perkins’s aged
mother lay dangerously ill. Receiving word
by telegraph of the latter’s critical condi-
tion while sojourning in Florida, Mr. Per-
kins ordered a special to be made up for
him at once, and within an hour the train,
with himself and his wife on board, pulled
out of Stuart.

  Chattanooga, Tennessee, was reached at
seven o’clock of the same evening, and Cin-
cinnati at four o’clock the following morn-
ing, the night run of 337 miles between the
two cities having been made in 530 minutes.

  It took four minutes to effect a change
of locomotives at Cincinnati, and Mr. Per-
kins implored the new engineer to do all in
his power to make better time, with the re-
sult that the distance of 263 miles to Cleve-
land was covered in 288 minutes. A wait-
ing automobile carried Mr. Perkins to his
mother’s bedside, where he found that his
race from the South had not been in vain.

He Wouldn’t Wait for a Special.

  On September 28, 1908, Frederic Thomp-
son received word in New York that his
wife was dangerously ill in Chicago. He
immediately telephoned C. F. Daly, one of
the vice-presidents of the New York Cen-
tral, to prepare a special for his use.

  After a short delay, Mr. Daly notified him
that it would be impossible to get up a
special for several hours at the very least,
and advised Mr. Thompson to take the Em-
pire State Express, which was scheduled to
leave within the hour. Mr. Thompson, fear-
ing that even the slightest delay might prove
costly, told the official that he would leave
on the express, but asked to have a special
in readiness for him at Buffalo.

  The vice-president assured him the special
would be waiting, and the race began. On
reaching Buffalo, Mr. Thompson learned by
wire that his wife’s condition was even more
aggravated than when he left New York.
He boarded the special, which was made up
of a locomotive and a single Pullman, and
bade the engineer make the run of his life.

  Chicago was reached at the rate of a mile
a minute, and when Mr. Thompson got to
his wife’s side, the turn for the better in
her condition was already marked.

  Ralph Modjeska’s successful train-dash
from Montreal to the Pacific coast, to reach

his mother before she died, was another feat
which has attracted wide attention. Al-
though he did not have a special, the crews
of the regular trains exerted themselves to
their utmost in his behalf, news received
along the line of his mother’s steady decline
spurring them on to their best efforts.

Hurrying to the Doctor.

  Last year the country was startled by the
dramatic endeavor of Charles Talmadge, a
Los Angeles millionaire, to reach Chicago
from Santa Fe in order to place himself
under the care of a specialist. Mr. Tal-
madge believed himself to be dangerously
ill, and was positive that his one hope for
life rested in an operation.

  Mr. Talmadge was in Santa Fe on busi-
ness when he became suddenly ill. He
dropped an important real-estate deal that
he had under way, ordered a special consist-
ing of two cars and a locomotive, and plead-
ed with the engineer to break every railroad
record in history on the run to Chicago.

  The train-despatchers along the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe were ordered to give
the special a right of way, and the crew of
the latter were instructed by the officials of
the road to annihilate time in a way they
had never done before. The race started,
and the distance from the starting point to
Kansas City was covered at a rate that made
a new record for the road.

  When Kansas City was reached, however,
Mr. Talmadge’s condition had improved so
materially that the special was dismissed
and the rest of the journey was made on a
regular train.

  Mr. Talmadge’s race with what he be-
lieved to be death attracted unparalleled
attention in the -West, and particularly in
towns that lay along the line of the rail-
road. The news of the special’s record-
breaking rim was flashed ahead, and great
throngs of people gathered at the stations
to cheer on its rapid flight.

To the Bedside of His Son.

  Of all the long-distance contests with the
Grim Reaper, one that stands out from
among the others is the run made by Henry
J. Mayham.

  While in New York on business, in Feb-
ruary, 1897, Mr. Mayham received a tele-
gram stating that his son was dying in
Denver. He left immediately on the Penn-
RECORD RUNS OF MILLIONAIRES.

749

-sylvania Limited for Pittsburgh,- and, on
arriving there, telegraphed Division Super-
intendent Howland, of the Chicago, Bur-
lington and Quincy, in Chicago, asking for
a special car and engine to carry him on to
Denver.

  Arriving in Chicago at ten minutes after
nine o’clock on the morning of February

15,	he left fifty minutes later from the
Union Station in General Superintendent
Hessler’s private car, coupled to a special
locomotive for the anxious father’s use.

  A second wire that reached him a few
moments before the train pulled out in-
formed Mr. Mayham that his son was sink-
ing rapidly. He tearfully begged the offi-
cials to get him to Denver in time to see his
boy before the end came, and told them to
spare no expense to aid him in his race.

  Affected by his grief, the railroad men
promised to get him to his destination with-
in twenty-four hours, although the fastest
regular trains took thirty-two hours.

   A clear track \vas ordered for the special
all along the line, and during the course of
the run fully half a dozen passenger-trains
were side-tracked. The only person on the
special with Mr. Mayham was Conductor
Murray.

  At Lincoln, Nebraska, a traveling engi-
neer named Dixon entered the cab and re-
mained during the rest of the run, urging
each successive engineer to greater speed, and
infusing him with sympathy for the father
whose heart was breaking in the car behind.

  Burlington, 206 miles west of Chicago,

was reached in 231 minutes, and Albia,
Iowa, 100 miles farther West, in 347 min-
utes. Red Oak, Iowa, a distance of 447
miles, was reached in 507 minutes. On the
straight stretches of track the rate of speed
was a mile a minute and better; and even
in Colorado, during the one-hundred-and-
eighteen-mile climb from Akron, almost as
high a rate was maintained.

  Colorado was entered at twelve minutes
to two o’clock the next morning, and Denver
at eight minutes to four Tuesday, February

16.	But Death had won. Mr. Mayham’s
son had died soon after midnight.

  During the course of the run Mr. May-
ham had sent numerous telegrams to his
son, telling him that he was coming, and
asking him to keep up his hope. Two of
those telegrams were sent after the young
man had passed away.

  When the special left Chicago a snow-
storm was raging, and the rails were wet
and slippery. General Manager Brown, of
the railroad, said subsequently that the run
might have been made in half an hour less
time had this not been the case. As it was,
the distance of 1,026 miles between Chicago
and Denver was covered in 1,132 minutes,
or eight minutes less than nineteen hours.

  The previous record for the fastest long-
distance run had been made on October

24,	1895, when the Lake Shore “Special
Flier” made the 948 miles from New York
to Chicago in seventeen hours and twenty
minutes. The race with death from Chicago
to Denver cost Mr. Mayham $1,000.

STEEL MAIL-CARS ONLY.

A PROVISION was inserted in the post-office
appropriation bill, prior to its passage by
the House of Representatives, on January 24, that
the Postmaster General shall not hereafter enter
into contracts for other than steel, or non-com-
bustible railway mail-cars. The stipulation that
after January 1, 1916, no wooden car shall be
used in any way for the railway mail service was

also added. This gives the department five years
within which to “ work off " the cars now in use.
but it requires that the introduction of the steel
cars shall begin immediately. These amendments
were adopted after a long debate, replete with
statistics and accounts_of fatalities to railway mail
clerks resulting from the type of cars now used
by the mail service.

GOOD MILEAGE RECORD.

SANTA EE locomotive 1415 has a remarkable
record for service. It is of the Atlantic
type passenger-engine and operates out of Albu-
querque, New Mexico, on the first district. It
was received from the Baldwin Locomotive Works
in April, 1906, and on May 1 went into service,
being in charge of Engineer G. W. Shade, and
Fireman I. L. Fouch. It was used continuously

till October 22, 1910, four years and almost six
months, before being sent to the shops for general
repairs. During this time it had only one set of
Hues, and traveled 241,335 miles. Considering
the rough territory and the feed-water conditions
of that section, it is an exceptionally good record
The engine was in charge of Mr. Shade all this
time.
VANISHING RAILROADERS

BY JOHN W. SAUNDERS.

         The Thousand-and-One Nights’ Tales of the Early
         Days of Railroading as Related by Old-Timers

CHAPTER XV.
In the Trunk.

“ T" ^nKTE PERKINS Paid out so

            much of his wages for spec-
            tacles trying to make out the

  11	H numbers on the checks, that
-A. w he gave up the job soon after
his eyesight failed, and I got
it,’’ said Dell Hawkins, the old baggage
man.

  “ Before the old man died he used to
come down here quite frequent to sit with
me. Old Perk was fond of his pipe, and
never could enjoy it so well as among the
trunks'.

  “Well, one cold and stormy night in the
middle of winter, when it was about time
for the lightning express to put in a show,

I took my lamp and went to find out how
she was.

  “ I was not long finding out, for, as I
stood there, I heard an awful smagh.

“The lightning express had run into a
switching engine at the east end of the yard.

  “That made things lively for a little
time; but the wrecking gangs got the dam-
aged engines clear, threw the broken bag-
gage-car on one side, coupled another en-
gine on, and the train, with a very short
delay, went on west, leaving the baggage
piled up in this room, to be sent on by the
morning train.

  “ As I said before, it was a cold night,
and when the work was through, I was only
too glad to get near the stove and have
another smoke with old Perk. He had
made up his mind not to go home that
night for fear of losing his way in the drifts.

               Began in the February Railroad Man's

750

  “ ‘ Did you ever hear that story about
that trunk ? ’ said old Perk.

   “ I said, ‘ What trunk? ’

Oh, ’shaw! I’ll tell you all about it.’

  “ And old Perk told how one of the night
hands, named Tim, was always coming in-
to the baggage-room to keep him company,
as he said. But Perk used sometimes to
fall asleep, and dream that Tim was ‘ going
through ’ the trunks.

  “ Tim had a sneaking kind o’ way.

  “ Well, one night, when old Perk was
part asleep and part awake, he thought he
saw Tim try to open a bos.

  “ ‘ What are you doing, Tim? !

  “Tim said he was just tightening the
ropes round that trunk.

  “ A few minutes after, old Perk was
aroused by a piercing shriek.

  “Tim, the trunk pilferer, had unlocked
a trunk and raised the lid. and while
stealthily feeling inside in the dim light for
what he could get, had drawn out a ghastly
human hand and arm, while a skeleton sat
grinning at him in the box.

  “Poor Tim! He could not dropIliF'cold
hand he held in his; it seemed to hold him
like a vise. He fell on his knees, shivered,
and swooned away on the floor.

  “ The medical student’s box nearly cost
poor Tim his life. The fright threw him
into a fever, but I guess it cured him of
opening other people’^ trunks.

  “When old Perk had finished, he fell
asleep. I began to feel uncomfortable.
The room smelled close. My imagination
was excited.

   “ I looked at the trunk suspiciously, and
had a vague idea that all the lightning ex-
press baggage contained grinning skeletons.

Magazine. Single copies. 10 cents.
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

751

  “ Old Perk snored. To drive away un-
pleasant fancies I began counting how
many times he would snore before three
o’clock.

  “ He had snored just one hundred and
seventy-three times when I thought I heard
a groan.

  “ You might have knocked me down with
a pick—I mean a tooth-pick—I felt so
scared!

  “ I shook old Perk rudely.

  “ ‘ Was that you, Perk ? Did you moan ? ’

  “1 I guess so,’ he cried, and went to sleep
again.

  “Again I heard the same sound, only
longer.

  “ My hair stood up like bristles.

  “ I felt a clammy moisture oozing through
my pores.

  “‘Perk,’ I said, ‘say that you groaned!
Didn’t you, Perk? If you did, say so, Mr.
Perkins! ’

  “ I shook him so that there was no fear
he would go to sleep again.

  “ ‘ Don’t make a noise like that, Perk,’
I said; ‘ it’s enough to frighten a man to
death! You shouldn’t do it! Let’s have
another smoke! ’

  “ I had not time to light up. A cry,
quick and awful, knocked pipe, tobacco,
and matches out of my hand.

  “ I darted toward old Perk. His face
was blanched, and his limbs trembling with
fright.

  “ * The box ! The box ! ’ he said, and fell
heavily to the floor, scared out of his senses.

  “Remembering I had a bottle of spirits
in the lock-up, I put it to Mr. Perkins’s
mouth, and then, desperately- seizing a
hammer, began to burst open the box on
which Perk had sat.

  “Between each blow was a stifled groan.

  It was a hard box to open.

  “‘Perk, hurry up! Get that iron bar! ’

  “ The old man came to like a shot. Be-
tween us we loosened the lid.

  “The moment we had done so, it flew
open!

  “ I expected a horrible sight—a grinning
skeleton with a^spiral-spring backbone, or
something of that sort. But, bless you.
there sat in the-trunk the loveliest young
girl, her long blond hair streaming over
her neck and shoulders, her large blue eyes
beaming with tears of thankfulness for
deliverance. She tried to throw her arms
round my neck.

  “‘Lend a hand, Perk!’ I said. To-

gether we lifted the poor, stiffened young
lady out of her prison.

  “ ‘ Let me hold the dear creature on my
knee,’ said Perk.

  “‘No,’ I said, ‘I’m going to hold her
on my knee ! ’

  “ ‘ Let me warm her, then,’ he said.

     No,’ I said; ‘ I’m baggage-master, and
I’m going to do all the warming necessary
on this occasion.’

  “ So I petted her fondly, and old Perk
ran for water. Soon she began to talk a
little. You should have heard her. She
was so full of gratitude.”

  “ How came she in the trunk ? ”

  “ She was an orphan—the adopted child
of a rich, miserly old uncle. He wanted to
get her through to Cliff Valley without pay-
ing her fare. He thought he could do it
by putting her in that box with a few air-
holes, as he was allowed one hundred
pounds of baggage free.”

  “Did he claim his baggage?”

  “Well, I guess not, sir. He must have
been so scared when he found the box did
not reach Cliff Valley that he dared not
ask for it.”

  “What became of the young woman?”

  “ Well, stranger, that young woman is my
wife, and as it’s getting toward morning, I
guess I’ll just ask you to go and sit in the
waiting-room. I want to go home and hold
the baby while she gets up and cooks break-
fast.”

CHAPTER XVI.

Old-Time Passes.

“A/fY train was approaching the Suspen-
sion Bridge near Niagara, some
years ago,” said the old con, when it came
his turn to talk. “ I found a young man
aboard who could not pay his fare. The
poor fellow was evidently in the last stages
of consumption. He sat by himself, and
his eyes were red, as if he had been weep-
ing. The laws of the company could not be
transgressed, and, as he had no money, he
must leave the train. No conductor knows
when a detective ma}' be watching him, so
I led him with a heavy heart from his seat.

  “ He was shivering with the cold, and no
one moved or spoke until we reached the
door. Then a pretty girl arose from her
seat, and with bright, sparkling eyes, de-
manded the amount of the invalid’s fare.

  “ I told her eight dollars, and she took
752	THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

that amount from her pocket-book, and
kindly led the sick youth back to his seat.

  “The action put to shame several men
who had witnessed it, and they offered to
pay half, but the whole-souled girl refused
the assistance. When our train arrived at
the next station, the girl gave him sufficient
money to keep him overnight, and send him
to his friends the next morning.”

  “What was her name?” asked the hind
shack.

  “Well, as I said before, I felt a little
cheap over the part I was forced to play in
the affair, so I hunted her up, and on the
first leisure evening, called to return the
eight dollars. This she indignantly refused,
but I subsequently persuaded her to accept
of a suitable present.”

   “ Well, what else? ”

  The old con hesitated—and blushed be-
fore he replied:

   “ I finally persuaded her to take me, too,
and she’s just the best wife and mother on
the road.”

  Watson, the “country conductor,” was
the next to talk.

  “ I was running a train that was freight
one day and passenger the next. I was
brakeman and switchman besides. A couple
living at Le Mars, Iowa, a station on 'our
road, were anxious to have their child bap-
tized. One day I had a minister aboard,
and seeing him on the platform as we came
into Le Mars, this couple got on the train,
and the child was baptized while we were
going at the rate of thirty miles an hour.
The happy couple got off at the next sta-
tion, and took the first train home.”

  “ You remember Pete Littlejohn, don't
you, boys?” asked Neal Ruggles.

  “Yes; he’s running somewhere in Cali-
fornia,” said the old con.

  “Littlejohn was coming down the grade
pretty fast one trip, with his sweetheart
aboard, when the engine ran into a lot of
solid beef, throwing her off the track tem-
porarily, but doing no other damage. Frag-
ments of one of the animals came through
the window or door and lodged in sweet-
heart's lap.

  “‘Oh, Pete’s killed!’ she screamed,
jumping frantically to her feet, and sur-
veying the bloody reminders. ‘ Oh ! Pete’s
killed! He’s killed ! ’ and she refused to be
comforted until Littlejohn made his appear-
ance and took her in charge.”

  “Tell us some more, Rug,” the Idovs
yelled in unison.

   Rug went on as the boys relit-their pipes,
and took easy attitudes for a long siege.

  “There was a station in Pennsylvania
named Hanna,” said Ruggles. “When we
stopped t|here one day, my brakeman thrust
his head inside the door, as usual, and
called out ‘ Hanna! ’ loud and long. A
young lady, probably endowed with the
poetic appellation of Hannah, supposing
he was addressing her, and shocked at his
familiarity on so short an acquaintance,
frowned like a thunder-cloud and retorted,
‘ Shut your mouth! ’

  “He shut it.

  “ There was a brakeman on the old Erie
who was called Ned. He thought he would
turn in a joke on his conductor. The con
was collecting tickets one day from his pas-
sengers, and all handed over their paste-
board, save one old lady who sat next the
door, near where Ned stood.

  “ She seemed to be reaching down to get
something she had dropped on the floor.
When her time to pay camt, she raised her
head, and thus addressed the blushing con-
doctor:

  “ ‘ I always, when I travels, carry my
money in my stockin’, for, you sees, nothin’
can get at it there; and I'd just thank you,
young man, just to reach it for me, as I’m
so jammed in that I can’t get to it. I for-
got to git a ticket at the depot.’

  “The con glanced at the other passen-
gers, some of whom were laughing at his
plight. One or two young ladies among
them blushed scarlet. He hesitated, and
finally beat a sudden retreat, muttering
something about not charging old ladies.
Anyhow, he was called on the carpet for
letting that passenger get by.

  “ My run leads into a temperance town,
which I will call Alesburg, division head-
quarters. Nobody drinks there, and every
man, woman, and child is an apostle of
temperance. Every citizen is a temperance
lecturer, and the bibulously inclined way-
farer must get a prescription before he can
get a drink.

   “ Prairie colic prevails there to an alarm-
ing extent, and some men go about armed
with blank prescriptions ready for immedi-
ate service the moment the first symptom
comes on.

  “Not long ago a well-known citizen of
Alesburg, somewhat noted for his crusades
against saloons, hunted me up in Chicago,
which was several hundred miles from the
temperance town. He wanted to know if
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

753

I intended to take the train to Alesburg
that night.

   “ I told him that I did, and noticed that
the symptoms of prairie colic were rapidly
developing. He had come with some of the
boys, he said, and, staying longer than
he had intended, his money had run out and
his friends had left him.

   “ ‘ Very bad predicament, indeed,’ I said,

‘ for a respectable temperance man of Ales-
burg; but I don’t see what I can do for you
—the rules are very strict.’

   “ He replied that if he was made ac-
quainted with our general superintendent,
he could secure a pass.

   “ What entitled him to a pass I never
knew; but I told him I would introduce
him to the super at once, for I feared the
colic had him full force. He left me, and
returned in about fifteen minutes with at
least two more colics aboard. I accom-
panied him to the super’s office and intro-
duced him. I noticcd that my colicky friend
handed the super his card.

   “ The super seemed much perplexed in
his examination of that card. Finally he
returned it, remarking with a peculiar
smile: ‘ Sir, there is some mistake. This
seems to be a prescription from Dr. Stig-
mole, asking a certain druggist of Alesburg
to give the bearer one quart of what I sup-
pose stands for whisky—for colic.’

   “ I left my fellow citizen searching nerv-
ously in his pockets for his card—but I
never learned how he got home.

   “ I want to tell you about the fellow that
couldn’t put it over Jack Stow. We had a
very energetic tallow-pot named Spielman,
who got in the bad habit of doubling on his
pass. The boys on the main-line passenger
resolved to stop it by punching the pass
every time it was shown.

   “The consequence was, Spielman had to
. make application for a new one. The boys,
not at all discouraged, soon punched up
pass No. 2. When Spielman got his third
pass, he procured a piece of sole-leatlier
the same size as the pass and about a quar-
ter of an inch thick. On this he pasted his
pass.

   “ It so happened that he got on Jack
Stow’s train. Our conductor, intent on
ruining Spielman’s pass, asked to see it.
The weighty article was brought forth, and
the conductor’s countenance dropped. The
tallow-pot saw his discomfiture, and said
with a smile:

   “ ‘ I think I have stopped that punching

    12	RR

business, Mr. Stow. There’s been a con-
spiracy against me.’

   “ ‘ Yes, I see,’ replied Stow, scratching
his head. ‘ Please raise that window a mo-
ment, Spielman. and I'll punch your pass.’

  “ Spielman raised the window. The
train was in full motion. Stow, drawings a
small pocket pistol, put a hole through the
center of the pass.

   “ ‘ How’s that for a punch ? ’ he said as
he went on down the car.

   “ On the same division on which the last
incident occurred we had a telegraph oper-
ator named Billy Echart in the Burnett
House at Cincinnati. Billy was very popu-
lar with railway men, many of whom
stopped at that establishment. Different
influences were brought to bear, and he
finally got a passenger-train on the old Cin-
cinnati, Hamilton and Dayton, without go-
ing through the usual apprenticeship.

  “ Ira A. Wood was general superintend-
ent, I think, though Echart had never seen
him. John Lincoln, who ‘ learned ’ Echart
the road, told him the company was a new
one, and very particular about its rules.

  “Nothing would advance him so rapidly
in official favor, he was told, as strict ad-
herence to and enforcement of all rules.
Billy was unusually proud of his conduc-
tor’s badge; and when he stepped on his
first train at the Cincinnati depot, he felt
that he owned considerable stock in the C.,
H. and D.

   “ As he approached Glendale, he ran into
his first obstruction. This was a corpulent
individual seated modestly in the rear end
of a car, without pass or ticket. Echart told
him the rules were very strict, and that the
conductor had no alternative.

   “ ‘ How long have-you been on the road?
Have you a card, sir? ’ asked the passenger.

  “ ‘ Yes.’ Billy had a fresh bunch of
cards, just printed. He gave the fat man
one, adding that this was his last trip.

  “‘Ah, I thought as much! Well, sir,
m}- name is Wood; I am tjhe general super-
intendent of this road. Sometimes I carry
a pass, but left it to-day in another coat at
my office.’

   “ ‘ Sorry, indeed, sir. But; there are so
many with the best of excuses who are put
off. The company assures me that every
one entitled to a pass will have one with
him. Excuses will not balance my account.
I do now know you, sir, and have no right
to know you without your pass.’

   “ ‘ Young man, you are right. I am only
754

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

going to Hamilton, twenty miles. The
agent there is my brother. When we get in,
we’ll go together and see him. Here is my
fare.’

  “Echart took the fare with a trembling
hand, with a vague idea that he had gained
a victory, though what sort of a one he did
not know.

  “Now, everybody in Hamilton knew old
Yank Wood, six feet five in his stockings,
weighing three hundred pounds; with a
nasal twang that could be heard for miles.

  “ He was the agent. When they got to
Hamilton, Yank was on the platform, talk-
ing to Ferd Jones, the ticket agent.

  “Billy’s passenger stuck to him; and as
soon as he got out, Yank and Jones rushed
up to him with friendly greeting. Another
moment, and Billy was formally introduced
to the general superintendent.

  “From that time on Echart rose rapidly
in the estimation of the company, and was
gradually promoted to a high position. Lin-
coln, for like fidelity to rules and regula-
tions, was appointed superintendent of a
branch line.

  “This was at a time when railway men
looked upon superintendents as a species of
deity to be worshiped and feared, and
Echart’s adventure was considered remark-
able in its way.”

CHAPTER XVII.
Good for Life.

“T WAS running on the old Cincinnati
and Indianapolis road, when I came
across a queer customer—a tall, awkward
Hoosier, who got on at Lawrenceburg with
a heavy valise. I had not been on the road
very long, and, as Hoosiers were something
of a novelty, 1 watched my passenger with
more than usual interest.

   “ He took his valise to a double seat, and,
sitting down in one, emptied the valise in
the other. There were yellow-covered nov-
els enough on that seat to have starred an
Indiana bookstore.

  “ He found room somewhere for his feet,
and, taking up one of the books, was fixed
for the trip. When I called for tickets he
showed me a life-pass from the general su-
perintendent, written in the form of a letter,
and, of course, I thought my passenger was
a man of some consequence. All railway
superintendents in those days wrote illegi-
ble hands; they seemed to look upon such an

accomplishment as an evidence of genius,
but the general superintendent, of that road
beat them all.

  “ When I came out of Indianapolis on
the return trip, my Hoosier friend was on
the train in a double seat, books and all. So
it was for ten or a dozen trips. He was the
first to board the train and the last man to
leave. One day I said to him:

  “ 1 Stranger, which way? ’

  “ ■ Any way,’ he replied, without taking
his eyes off tfie book. ‘Any way, hang the
odds! ’

  “ ‘ I mean, which way are you traveling—
ain’t you in the wrong train? ’

   “ ‘ Indianapolis road, isn’t it? '

   “ 1 Yes,’ I answered.

   “ ‘ Wal, that’s my road; drive on.’

  “ Being a constant customer, I got ac-
quainted with him. This was his expla-
nation :

  “ ‘ You see, this road runs through the
old man’s farm, down there near Lawrence-
burg. When the fellers was buildin’ on it,
the old man he fit ’em. He sued ’em, and
the general super sent him a family pass
for life, and I’m a-ridin’ it out.’

   “ I couldn't get it) through me at all; and
when we got to Cincinnati, I persuaded
him to accompany me to headquarters,
when I assured him the general superin-
tendent would do the fair thing. .An ex-
pert there translated his life-pass, which
read as follows:

   J. Van- Buskirk, Lawrenceburg:

     Don't disturb the men, as you value your
   life; let them pass through. Come or send
   one of your family to this office, and the
   matter will be satisfactorily arranged.
   Conductors will recognize this as a pass.

Gek'l Supt.

  “ As nobody could read but a word here
and there of this scrawl, the fellow would
have been riding to this day if I had not
brought about that translation.

  “Many funny scenes occur in a l^innel,
only you can see nothing at all for the dark-
ness. At the same time, I am satisfied that
such scenes do occur. Once a gentleman,
for some unexplained reason, undertook to
change the lower portion of his apparel dur-
ing those dark seconds, but made a wrong
calculation as to time.

   “ But kissing seems to be the choice sport.
Kissing in a tunnel, think of that! I have
been told that the charm is in the novelty of
the thing. It is the darkness, the rank bur-
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

755

glary; the nice calculation as to time; the
sudden assault and desperate defense; the
acute agony of the skirmish-line hairpins;
the carrying of the outer works; the fierce
struggle, the sweetness of the surrender; the
questionable honor of the victory.

  “ Then the horrid repairs, and the im-
possible attempt to appear serene before the
other passengers. There's a short lifetime
in the kissing of a girl in a tunnel!

  “ I had a newly married couple out; with
me on the Cincinnati Express. I have had
a great many just such couples in my time,
but somehow or other these youngsters at-
tracted my attention.

  “Young man, curly hair, of course;
young lady, blonde, you know, with that
sort of hair that when you and I were young
used to be called tow. Rosy cheeks, full
lips; well, I should say, a very sweet girl.

  “ He was awful ‘ gone on her,’ and she—
well, I thought) I could hear her saying:
‘James, be still! Everybody’s looking at
you.’

  “We were coming to the cavernous grove,
and James became fidgety. It was plain
that there was a conspiracy, and that the
tunnel was tp be made a party to it.

  “ The girl was thoughtful and evidently
unconscious. Then the wheels rattled and
whirred louder and louder. In another
second we were in the tunnel—James, his
bride, and all of us!

  “We came through all right. James
was through, too—but the bride not quite.
The wreck was fearful! There was very
little of James’s hair left on his head.
The color had faded from one of her
cheeks, and lodged on his nose. His neck-
tie was swinging from her brooch.

  “ She commenced the work of reconstruc-
tion, looking up at him under her uplifted
arms, as if to say, ‘ See what you have
done before these people.’

  “James went for a drink of water. I
saw him with one hand on the, nozzle of
the cooler and the other on a flask. Half
the hairpins were gone, and when she sat
up straight, looking so wo begone and
friendless, I was rude enough to smile. I
couldn’t help it. She saw it, and smiled
in return, as if to say, ‘ You know how it
is yourself.’”

  Sandy Burrell, of the I., B. W. and R.
road, was the next.

  “ I had a baggage-smasher running with
me once,” he said, “ who had his old-fash-
ioned idea of running baggage exploded in

a peculiar way. Jim had ruined two or
three trunks for a certain commercial trav-
eler whose route lay along our line, and
who resolved to teach him a lesson.

  “This gentleman, who was in the hard-
ware line, packed a carpet - bag full of
loaded revolvers, and handed it to Jim,
who took it and, as the owner went away,
threw it against the wall of the car sav-
agely, then drew it on the floor and
stamped on it as usual.

   “ At about the fourth jump, firing began.
Forty-two revolvers went off in rapid suc-
cession, distributing bullets around the car
with disgusting carelessness, the smasher’s
legs running against six of them before he
could get out of the car.

  “ He rode upon the platform during the
whole of that trip; and when he did enter
the car he encased his legs in stove-pipe,
and ran an iron-clad snow-plow in front
of him to push the baggage out. He is
running on our main line now, and I be-
lieve he smashes fewer carpet-bags than he
did in the blissful past—much fewer—and
he wears a melancholy air.”

  A freight - train with a passenger ca-
boose attached is called on some lines an
“ accommodation.” It “ accommodates ” the
company rather than the public, and derives
its chief recommendation from the fact that
it “stops at all stations.” This particular
train has been sidetracked for the night; we
find a number of the boys gathered in its
caboose.

  “ As I was going through the car on my
run to-day,” said Sayre, the con, “ I saw
a lady smoking a pipe very industriously
in the rear seat.

  “ ‘ Madam,’ said I as courteously as I
knew how, ‘ we don’t even allow men to
smoke in this car.’

  “ ‘ That is an excellent rule, sir,’ she
replied with the utmost coolness; ‘ if I see
any man smoking in here, I’ll inform you
at once.’

  “Last fall,” said Sayre, “Tom Holds-
worth had an extra stock, east, on the main
line. He stopped on the grade and Len
Bassett, a brakeman, went back to flag.
In starting up, the train broke in two.
Bassett, seeing that he could not stop the
train that was following, and gaining
rapidly upon them, rushed for his own
train, woke up his drovers, and jumped
them out, saving a number of lives. He
then put on brakes and stopped his train,
the result being but a slight damage to the
756

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

way-car. This was an exhibition of nerve
that you don’t see every day.”

  “ Oh, I don’t know as it beats Lucas
much,” said Lowry. “ Brakeman Charlie
Lucas saw a headlight one night coming
pretty close. He took his torpedoes and red
light and went back. Arriving at the
proper distance, he found he was flagging
a belated fanner who was hunting up stray
stock. There were no signs of any other
pursuing train. Charlie’s name has since
been changed from Lucas to looseness,
though he never gets tight.”

  “ Do you know how near Bill Power
came to getting his foot in it ? ” asked
“ Pigeon.”

  “ Didn’t think there was anything big
enougli to hold it! ”

  “ Yes, about ten years ago, he applied to
Hammond for a passenger-train.

  ‘“All right, sir,’ replied the colonel,
‘ only one objection.’

   “ ‘ What’s that ? ’ asked Power.

  “ ‘ Require an extra coach to carry your
feet.’

  “ Doc Merriman says he was coming
down grade once to side - track for some
train, when he saw obstructions on the
track ahead. There were two or three
inches of snow on the track, which made
them more visible, of course.

  “ He reversed, called for brakes, and
sent his fireman down to clear the way.
Fireman returned, and said there was
nothing there. ‘ Doc ’ swore, and went
himself. After surveying the obstacles a
moment, he looked over to the switch, and
there stood Patch.

   “ ‘ Patch,’ yelled ‘ Doc,’ ‘ the next time
you cross the track in front of my engine,
I want you to pick up your tracks. There
ain’t an engine on the road can git over
’em in three inches of snow.’ ”

  “ I think I can couple on to that,” said
Richardson, “and get ahead. Sam Young,
who was well known in Truckee, Nevada,
is conductor on a freight running to Visa-
lia on the Southern Pacific road. One
night when the moon was full his train
was steaming over the broad plain near
Visalia, iust as the orb of night was rising.

  “ The moon appeared like a locomotive
headlight in front of the train, apparently
at considerable distance ahead. The in-
stant he saw the light, Sam yelled to the
engineer to stop the train.

  “The alarm was given, the brakes
whistled down in a jiffy, and the train

stopped. The conductor jumped off and
ran on ahead a few hundred yards as rap-
idly as possible on the track, and com-
menced swinging-his red lantern as a sig-
nal of danger to the supposed approaching
train.

  “ After worrying himself out in running
and swinging liis light, he stopped a mo-
ment, completely out of breath, and took a
square look at the fancied monster in front.
Sam Young saw ‘ the man in the moon,’
and the truth flashed upon him that he
was awfully bilked.

  “ He hastened back to his train, and
told the engineer to go ahead, as the dan-
ger of a collision was more remote than he
had calculated. The engineer, fireman,
and brakeman discovered the mistake be-
fore the conductor did. Sam promised to
stand treat for the next six months if the
parties who witnessed the blunder would
agree not to make it public, but the joke
was too broad and too good to keep, and.
in spite of the promises made, it leaked
out.”

  “ Cook, of the P., P. and J., went into
Chicago and paid a visit to the Dollar
Store. After making some trifling pur-
chases, he offered the pretty saleswoman a
dollar for a kiss. The lady agreed and
delivered the goods.

  “‘Now,’ says she, with a pretty foreign
accent, ‘ give me another dollar, and you
may kiss my mother.’ Cook was delighted
with the adventure and paid over the dol-
lar. The girl went out and returned, lead-
ing in a wrinkled old blear-eyed female,
hobbling on crutches.

  “‘Here she is! ’

  “ ‘ Not any, if you please, miss. The
fact is, I never mix drinks. I am a freight
conductor on the P., P. and J. Send her
to the depot, and I'll bill her through at
special rates! ’ ”

  “ ‘ Dutch ’ Cooper was coming west on

25,	and wanted to stop in the hollow near
Wyanet for water. Frank Avery, the
brakeman, proposed to give him a lightning
stop right there, all by himself.

  “ It was a down grade, and coming from
Princeton to Wyanet, Frank fell asleep and
failed to get out. The consequence was
they ran by the tub, clear into Wyanet.
and Cooper was just screaming for brakes.
He was mad, and backed up to the tub,
swearing like a streak.

  “In the meantime, Frank was scratch-
ing his head and studying how he was to
VANISHING RAILROADERS.

757

get out of the scrape. While Cooper was
taking water, Avery walked over on the
engine and said:

  “ ‘ Cooper, I like to broke my leg back
there.’

     How is that? ’ asked ‘ Dutch.’

  “ ‘ Well, I got out on top and tried to
set the brake, but the demed dog broke
and threw me off. It nearly killed me.’

     Is that so? Well, I was pretty mad.
You broke your leg? Yes? I feel better
now.’ ”

  “We had a smash-up down near Du
Quoin on^the Illinois Central once,” said
Old Pop Davidson, the veteran eagle-eye.
“ I don’t know how much stock was killed,
but the next day the supe got the following
letter:

  “ * I want you to cum yer at oncet theres
bin a smashup i want you to bring six
dollars to pay for mi hog. The hog
squeeled, but the engine wouldn’t stop.
J. Cerample.’ ”

  Then Dick Hammond, an old Chicago
railroader, brought' the Arabian Nights to
a close with this one:

  “ About the only thing a conductor fears
is the dense fog. I remember the day we
were caught in one, and if you will let
me spit it out in my own way, maybe you
can understand.

  “ ‘ Hank,’ says I to the brakeman, ‘ you
go over and tell Smith—our engineer—to
keep a wild-eye. Second extra on No. 18
left Leland about five minutes ago. Look
back pretty often, see if they’re coming.
Tell Smith to side-track at Sandwich and
let No. 4 by.

  “ ‘ Tell him to get in out of the way
quicker than lightning, for No. 4 will be
whooping ’em up by the time she strikes
the whistling-post. I don’t want to drop
any torpedo on her to-night.’ Si Honner
was at the throttle, and his engine, No.
28, had just come out of the shops and
he wanted to make a record with her.

(To be

    “ Hank says, 1 All right,’ and rushes up
  the ladder and over onto the engine. Fog!
  No, I guess not!'

    “On arriving at the switch, Smith
 whistles down brakes. I calls out from
 the way-car and asks:

     “ ‘ What’s the matter? 5 ~

    “ Hank says, ‘ Extra ahead on one side-
  track: engine disabled on the other.’

    “About that time I could hear No. 4
  coming over the iron bridge, about a mile
  away. I picked up the red light and ran
  back with the flag. I ran as far as I
  dared; slapped down two torpedoes. Ran
  a little farther, and could just see No. 4’s
  headlight.

    It seemed about forty feet in the air.
  Could almost feel her hot breath, as she
  came tearing along, anxious to make up
  every lost minute.

    “ Si Honner was behind her, anxious for
  the reputation of his better half, as he
  styled his engine.

    “ He was peering through the fog. When
  he saw the red flag waved across the track
  he whistled down brakes, and, without
  waiting to shut her off, hauled her over.

    “The rail being wet, she slipped, and
  as he struck the torpedoes, he slipped out
  between tender and engine, and took a
  look at things.

    “ About that time his headlight shone
  on the hind end of a way-car. You could
  have jumped from the pilot to the back
  platform without much exertion. For a
  minute Si looked like animated rigor mortis.

    “A miss is as good as a mile,.and Si
  felt greatly relieved when he discovered
  that the only damage done was the wet-
  ting of the 28 all over with that peculiar
  mixture of coal-dust and water, for which
  the boys have an appropriate name. Be-
  lieve me, I don’t like those fogs. When I
  look back through all these years, and
  think how near 28 came to hitting us—
  it makes me wince.”
  continued. )
The Railroad Man’s
Brain Teasers.

HERE is a nifty nut to crack. It is from F. T. Montgomery, King
City, California.

    (25)	Three trains of different lengths and speed were traveling
on adjacent tracks. At a certain time the tail-lights of all three trains
were abreast. Ten seconds later, during which time Train No. 1 traveled
her length, the headlights were abreast, and in another ten seconds the
headlight of No. 1 (the longest) and tail-lights of No. 2 were abreast,
and the headlight of No. 2 and tail-lights of No. 3 (the shortest) were
abreast. At what speed was No. 3 traveling, assuming all speeds constant
and that of No. 1 to be 36 miles an hour?

    From P. M. Monckton, Powell River, British Columbia, we have
received the following juicy pippin. Go to it, boys:

    (26)	Two cities, Boomville and Hustle City, are connected by two
competing railroads. A train on each line leaves Boomville at noon, and
reaches Hustle City by the B line in two-thirds of the time taken by the
A line, since the latter’s train runs only half as fast as the former's. On
the return journey, again, both companies start a train from Hustle City
at the same hour, but this time the train on the A line runs twice as fast
as that on the B. The result is that A beats B by 5 hours, also the speed
run by A in the second case is the same as that run by B in the first case.
What is the distance between the two cities by each route?

    One more good one by Fritz Gannon, Fort Collins, Colorado.

„ (27) A conductor on a fast run, being asked at what speed the
train was traveling, replied: “ For the twenty-fourth time since midnight
the hour and minute hands of my watch are at right angles to one another,
and when they are next opposite, the train will have traveled 54 miles
farther.”

    At what speed per hour was the train traveling, and what was the
time of day when the conductor made the remark?

     ANSWERS TO APRIL TEASERS.

    (23)	Sixty-three empties picked up 31 loads.

    (24)	At 2.10 ten-elevenths p.m., No. 1 is 34 two-elevenths miles
cast of B, and No. 2 is 32 eight-elevenths miles west of B. Therefore,
the trains are 66 ten-elevenths miles apart.
ON THE EDITORIAL CARPET.

           Where the M. M. of the Magazine Talks
           With His Readers—and They Talk to Him.

WE have just received our running orders for
June. We hope they will look as good to
you in the finished product of the magazine as
they do to us just now. Every inch of the train,
from the very tip of the pilot to the platform of
the observation-car, has been carefully gone over
and put through the polishing process of our edi-
torial system, and, in short, it seems to be just
the thing in prize specials.

  The switch-targets of our fiction division shine
with particular brightness. After a long absence,
our old friend Spike Malone will again be with
us—and all you boys know that a Spike Malone
story bubbles with fun like a bu’sted steain-chest.

  Sumner Lucas will contribute another yarn
about that interesting bo, Fate Johnson, and
Augustus Wittfeld will be aboard with another of
his humorous stories.

  , “ Curtis the Coward ” is calculated to make
people think who are attempting to invest their
xnoney foolishly.

  Therb will be the concluding part of Harry
Bedwell's thrilling drama of the desert, which be-
gins in this number.

  Lloyd Kenyon Jones will make his initial ap-
pearance as a short-story writer in the June
number with a particularly interesting railroad
story.

  Honk and Horace, having settled in Valhalla,
are again in some of the old mix-ups that made
them and the little town of the mystic hills so
famous.

  Then there is a story about an engineer who
tried to turn his locomotive into a flying machine.

  And there are others.

  Among the special articles we will publish the
life story of George Stephenson, whose name will
live as long as steam is applied to motion. June
is the one hundred and thirtieth anniversary of
Stephenson’s birth, and no doubt there are many
who do not know the terrible obstacles against
which he had to fight before gaining the slightest
recognition. If you do know his story, it will be
worth reading again.

  The efforts of the railroads to look after the
welfare of their employees is told in an article
by Charles Frederick Carter.

  Why some railroads and railroad men are always
getting in trouble is the subject of another in-
teresting paper.

  The pioneers of the overland telegraph system

and their hardships, told by George Hyde, will be
of particular interest to all operators.

  “ Help for Men Who Help Themselves,” a de-
partment which has always been looked for with
eagerness by our readers, will be started anew in
our June number. We have secured some ex-
cellent articles for this department. The first will
describe the inner workings of the claim office.

  Aside from these more practical features, there
will be the usual quota of articles dealing with
the funny side of railroading, such as “ Tales in
the Roundhouse,” “ Ten Thousand Miles by
Rail,” and “ Queer Things on the Line,” all new
and fresh and just the sort of stuff that one wants
to read when the day’s work is over anti he needs
a few hours of recreation before hitting the hay.

  We have the “ 19 ” order for June. All aboard!

WHAT DO YOU THINK?

ACCORDING to the prominent technical jour-
nals of the country, there is a strong move-
ment on foot to abolish the time-honored “ Johnson
bar” in favor of some more easily controlled
apparatus—one which will permit of more refine-
ment in the adjustment of the valve-gear. From
the birth of the locomotive in this country, as
we all know, the reverse has been effected through
the reverse-lever working in a notched quadrant
and requiring purely manual effort for its manipu-
lation.

  For many years, at least half a ccntury, during
which period there was practically no development
in the size and weight of the American locomotive,
this appliance effectually served the purpose for
which intended. The weight of the various parts
making up the valve-gear, links, eccentric-straps,
rods, rockers, and valves was light, and no diffi-
culty was experienced in pulling the lever over.
When unlatched, even with the locomotive at the
highest speed, the engineer was not at all alarmed
that it would get away from him, and, consequent-
ly, it was used, as it was expected that it would
be, to adjust the cut-off to meet the requirements
of load and grade.

  In 1S95, or thereabouts, began the revolution
which has taken place in locomotives. Previous
to that time the heaviest freight-enginc weighed
scarcely 120,000 pounds, but with the advent of
the compound system this weight increased to

759
760

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

145,000 pounds. Cast steel began to take the
place of cast iron for frames, driving-boxes, rock-
ers, and wheel centers, and in a very few years,
say about 1902, a locomotive was not considered
worthy of special comment regarding size unless
it tipped the scales at 200,000 pounds.

  This advance in general weight implied, of
course, a proportionate advance in the weight of
the component parts. Eccentric-straps, links, etc.,
parts of the valvc-gear which must be lifted by the
reverse-lever, became doubly heavy. No matter
what counterbalancing features were resorted to
in order that the movement of the lever might be
assisted, it became realized in a vague sort of
way that it would no longer fill the bill.

  The engineers, especially on heavy locomotives
at the head of high-speed trains, became rather
afraid of their old friend. Many of them learned
rather unpleasantly that it had better be let alone
when once hooked up into the running-notch.
Often when they would attempt to make a nicer
adjustment, pull her up or drop her down a notch,
the lever would have an awkward knack of twist-
ing out of their hands, and whipping down into
the corner with a bang, occasionally to the ac-
companiment of a shower of notches pulled out
of the quadrant, and maybe a broken eccentric-
strap. So, gradually, the situation resolved into
one notch for the lever, and it was let severely
alone, thereby defeating the adjustable feature of
all valve-gears.

  After the gradual appreciation of this fact,
motive-power management was impelled to look
across the sea for a solution to the problem. There
they use the screw reverse-gear, in which the links
are raised and lowered by means of a hand wheel
operating a threaded screw connected to the
reach-rod, and which unquestionably operates
with the minimum of effort at whatever speed the
locomotive may be working. It appears to be
more, and more apparent every day that this ar-
rangement must be incorporated in American
practise.

  Screw-reversing mechanism takes up little room
in the cab. It can be wound to full reverse with
three turns of the wheel by one hand whether
steam is being used or not, and it permits of the
very finest adjustment of the gear to meet the
varying conditions which are at all times arising.

  It is enthusiastically indorsed bv the foreign
roads on which it is used; the engineers are loud
in their praise. The only possible objection which
might be urged would be slow movements in
switching, but it is not intended to advocate its
use for switch-engines.

  What is specifically desired is a valve-gear con-
trolling mechanism which can be operated on
high-speed locomotives without danger to the en-
gineer; in which he will have sufficient confidence
to attempt to work. As we have said, the present
reverse-lever largely defeats the purpose of valve-
gears, whether shifting-link or radial, because,
if it must be said, many engineers fear it. The
screw-gear offers an easy solution to this. We

would be glad if some enterprising motive-power
chief w'ould give it a fair trial.

LET THE HEADLIGHT ALONE.

WE have noticed that the tendency exists on
some roads to transfer the headlight from
its well - known position above the smoke - box
in front of the stack to the front of the smoke-
box door. We do not enthuse greatly over the
change. In some cases it is necessary with new
and larger locomotives to preserve the proper
overhead clearance. In the face of such conditions
no objection can be urged, but we have particu-
larly in mind instances where headlights are be-
ing relocated on old engines where an abundance
of clearance always existed.

  In explanation it is said that lowering the head-
light about to the center line of the engine serves
to illuminate the track to better advantage, but
when it is remembered that the oil-Iamp is prac-
tically valueless to the engineer as an illuminating
agent, the argument does not seem logical. All
it amounts to at the best is to give warning that
the engine is approaching.

  In its old position the headlight is protected.
It is so high up that it cannot be struck by an
object, and arranged on a board supported by
columns there is a free circulation of air between
it and the hot smoke-box at all times, thoroughly
protecting it from burning.

  As it is now, after relocation, it seems almost
inconceivable how it can be protected either from
fire or damage. The smoke-box door is opened
every trip for netting examination and other well
known routine roundhouse features, and it will
take considerable care to work a wrench on the
door button-nuts without doing some harm to the
headlight. The fact should also be recalled that
all doors are not in perfect condition. Many of
them are cracked, and it is no unusual sjght to see
a red-hot door resulting from a fire in the smoke-
box—which, of course, would mean no headlight
in a very few miles.

  On the whole, we think that this is one of the
things which had better be let alone. It can have
no other result than a positive increase in ex-
pense, not to mention a sad blow to the sym-
metrical appearance of the locomotive. If an
electric headlight were under consideration, this
comment might not apply, but the oil-light is far
better off in its present position in front of the
stack.

£

A WORTHY INSTITUTION.

NOTICES have been sent out by superintend-
ents of the various divisions of the Penn-
sylvania Railroad calling attention to the St.
John’s Orphanage, No. 1722 Rittenhouse Street,
Philadelphia. The privileges of this orphanage
are for the daughters of men who have been killed
ON THE EDITORIAL CARPET.

761

while in the discharge of their duties in the service
of the Pennsylvania Railroad Company and affili-
ated lines. The St. John's Orphanage was en-
dowed by John Edgar Thomson, late president of
the company. It is for girls who are taken under
agreement, with the mother or guardian, and, free
of charge, are given a plain education, including
household work, cooking, and sewing.

J*

IN EVERY TROOP LIBRARY.

Editor, The Railroad Man’s Magazine:

THE November Railroad Man's Magazine
has just reached this far corner of Uncle
Sam’s possessions, and I take pleasure in
congratulating you on the versatile make-up of
this number. There is just enough of the techni-
cal in the stories to pique the interest of a lay-
man, and, like Oliver Twist, ask “ for more."

  I have never been connected in any way with
railroads, but in some twenty-three years’ service
in the army I have had the pleasure of riding
a few miles on them, and, somehow or other, I
have always entertained a fellow feeling for rail-
road men the world over.

   I assure you that the readers of The Railroad
Man’s Magazine is by no means confined to
railroad men alone, as it can be found in every
troop library of the regiment.—E. S. R., Troop
“ L," 2d Cavalry, U. S. A., Jolo, Jolo, Philip-
pine Islands.

■i*

  ANSWBRS TO CERTAIN SIGNALS.

EE. T., Independence, Iowa.—If, as you say,
• you -have been a reader of this magazine
for the past three years, you certainly could not
have missed “ Casey Jones,” which appeared in
our issue of July, 1910.

WR. M., Monessen, Pennsylvania.—Under
• the conditions given, in wljjch it is stipu-
lated that the man got on the caboose when the
latter was a mile above Belle Vernon, and alighted
from the engine when the latter was at Monessen,
he therefore walked one mile, the length of the
train, and rode four miles, the distance between
stations.

FG. H., Pitmau, New' Jersey.—Richard Tre-

•	vithick was the real inventor of the loco-
motive. This worthy man was born in England,
April 13, 1771, and died at the age of sixty-two.
Tie was an engineer and inventor, and was called
“ The Father of the Locomotive Engine.” He
was the man who introduced the high-pressure
steam engine in 1802. He effected improvements
in the plunger-pump, an indispensable adjunct to
mining; this was later developed by him into a
double-acting water-pressure engine. In 1803
he ronstructed the first steam locomotive ever used
on a railway. This engine was a marked advance
on all previous types, and it is on the strength
of its performance that Trevithick was hailed as

the “ real inventor of the locomotive." Don’t you
remember the verse in that stirring poem, " The
Engine-Driver to His Engine,” by William J.
MacQuorn Rankine, which runs:

  Put forth your force, my iron horse, with
      limbs that never tire;

   The best of oil shall feed your joints, and the
       best of coal your fire;

  Like foaming wine it fires my blood to see
      your lightning speed—

  Arabia’s race ne’er matched your pace, my
      gallant steam-borne steed !

  My blessing on old Trevithick! let his fame
      forever last!

  For he was the man who found the plan to
      make you run so fast;

  His arm was strong, his head was long, he
      knew not guile nor fear;

  When I think of him, it makes me proud that
      I am an engineer!

  George Stephenson was the perfector of this
wonderful invention. He constructed his first lo-
comotive in 1814. It traveled six miles an hour.
In the April and current issue of The Railroad
Man’s Magazine, in the articles “ The First
Fight for a Railway,” you will read of the re-
markable efforts that were made to prevent Ste-
phenson from carrying out his plans. And in our
June number, to celebrate the one hundred and
thirtieth anniversary of Stephenson’s birth, we
will publish the graphic story of his life—one of
the most interesting chapters in the great romance
of human achievement. We hope that you will
not miss it.

&

FLANGBRYD, Kampsville, Illinois.—Thomas

•	Davenport, an American inventor, con-
structed, in 1835, the first electric railway at
Brandon, Vermont. It was driven by an electro-
magnetic engine. He was born July 9, 1802, and
died July 6, 1851.

AMONG THE MISSING.

MR. CHARLES I. ROMAINE, Third and
Marion Streets, Leavenworth, Kansas, is
very anxious to hear from his son, who was a
former railroad man. Any one knowing of this
man’s whereabouts will please notify his father.

  Mrs. Susan J. Chandler, Soldiers' Flome, Lafay-
ette, Indiana, asks for news of her son, Ben
Chandler. He was employed as lineman for a
telephone company in Oakland, California, about
two years ago.

S

HEROES OF THE FOREST FIRES.

Editor, The Railroad Man's Magazine:

IN a recent number of a certain monthly, I read
an article, describing the devastation by fire
of the National Forest Reserves in Montana
and Idaho, and, also, picturing deeds of bravery
and life saving in the Hitter Root Mountains.
I

762	THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

  This article is not at all exaggerated in the
description of the fire, but when the author tells
of the 11 heroes ” it made he is certainly over-
stepping the line.

  I am not writing these lines in malice toward
those would-be heroes, for they are more to be
pitied than scorned. I am simply going to give
to the world the truth through The Railroad
Man's Magazine of what actually occurred during
the fire in the Bitter Root Mountains, further-
more, the names of the men who honestly deserve
credit.

  On the night of August 20, 1910, word reached
Avery, Idaho, that the little town of Grand Forks,
twelve miles east, was burning, also, the C. M.
and P. S. depot at Falcon close by. There were
several hundred men, women, and children gather-
ed on the platform of the burning depot when en-
gineer Johnnie Mackedon, returning from the lop
of the mountain with his helper engine, was stop-
ped by the frantic people.

  They climbed on his engine, and hung on where-
ever they could get a grip.

  The cars on the side-track were burning, yet
Mackedon switched an empty from them and left
Falcon with a load of human freight. Each per-
son was clinging to some little keepsake from his
burning home. Mackedon carried those people
to safety.

  Conductor Vandercook and Engineer Blondell
also deserve credit for their bravery.

  To these two men, a well-known official of
the C. M. and P. S. Railroad owes his life. This
official, in his zeal to get all the people out of
Falcon, was left behind himself. When Conductor
Vandercook missed hiui from the many who
sought refuge in one of the tunnels, he and En-
gineer Blondell decided to go back down the moun-
tain for him. The huge timbers of the bridges
were burning beneath them, but still they kept
on until they had rescued the official from certain
death.

  Their return trip up the mountain to the tunnel
was terrible. The bridges were all ablaze. After
crossing them, they were compelled to stop and
extinguish the flames that threatened to demolish
their caboose.

  They remained in the tunnel eight days, until
the bridges were rebuilt.

  Where were the government officials all this
time? They had beat it to safety.

  When Engineer Blondell was asked about his
experience he replied:

  “ Why, all that you could see of a bridge was
a wall of flame—but we crossed it. I hooked
her up, threw her wide open, and then we lay
down on the deck to protect ourselves from the
heat. We expected that every minute would be
our last on earth.”

  Those are the men who deserve credit for life-
saving on the C. M. and P. S. Railroad in Idaho
and Montana.

  The women and children were taken to Teoka.
Washington, where they were taken care of by the
good people of that town.

  Ralph W. Anderson, the roundhouse foreman,
deserves the credit of saving the town of Avery,
and thousands of dollars worth of property be-
longing to the C. M. and P. S. Railroad.

  One of the forest rangers was asked about
“ back firing ” to save the town. He replied that
he would give orders to shoot the first man that

set a back fire, but he was too timid to stay and
see that his orders were carried out.

  Air. Anderson summoned all of the Japanese
employed at the roundhouse,, and with Johnnie
Mackedon, who had returned to Avery: Charles
Swanson, engine despatcher; Mr. Delmire, the
operator at Avery, and Tom Huff, blacksmith
helper, they started under Anderson's orders to
back fire on both sides of the St. Joe River.
They soon had the fire eating its way up the
mountainsides, and Avery was saved. These are
the heroes who deserve the credit for saving life
and property in the Bitter Root Mountain fires.

  Most of the men are now in Avery, and will
verify these statements.—Harry Rusch, Avery,
Idaho.

AN OLD ORDER.

Editor, The Railroad Man's Magazine :

ALTHOUGH I am not a subscriber, I never
miss a copy of your magazine, as I am
interested in railroading. My father was
an engineer on the Old Colony Railroad in the
States a number of years ago, also engineer on
the Union Freight Railroad, in 1S76. His name
was John H. Jennings. I grieve to say that he
was called to the home beyond a few months ago,
but I would deem it an honor to hear from any
one who knew him.

I treasure carefully an order he received while
on the U. F. R. R., of which I enclose a copy:

              Union Freight Railroad,

            S. C. Putnam, General Freight Agent.
A. H. Grovenor, Agent,

       Office No. 3 Old State House.

Boston, June, 19, 1876.

  To the Conductors and Engineers of the Union
Freight Railroad:

  It is ordered, that in all cases before crossing
a horse railroad track the engine will come to
a full stop at least thirty feet distant from the
crossing. The conductors 'will see that the flag-
man is on the crossing ahead of the engine and
the engineer will not start his engine until he
receives a signal from the flagman that the way
is clear and iree from danger.

A.	H. Grovenor, Agent.

  I trust that I have not taken up too much of
your valuable space. If any one who knew my
father sees this, and wishes to write, my address isr
Mrs. George W. Moore,

Cluny, Alberta, Sanada.

OLD TIME POEMS.

EVER since we started this little corner of
“ The Carpet," which we call “ Old-Time
Poems,” we have relied largely on our readers to
supply us with its contents. To those x>f you who
have taken from your old scrap books the tender
and heroic memories of the rail which we have
already published, we extend our sincere thanks.
We know you agree with us that it is well to per-
petuate such golden gems of thought in The
Railroad Man’s Magazine.

Perhaps there are others of our readers who
have old-time songs or poems hidden away, which
ON THE EDITORIAL CARPET.

763

 they can send us. Just at present we have had
 requests for the following: “ Song of the K. C.,”
 “ What is the Matter with the Mail? ” “ The Song
 of George Allen," “ The Face in the Locket He
 Wore,” “ The Oscillator Branch,” “ Killed on the
 Line by the Night Express."

     Of course our readers know that only poems re-
 lating to railroads go into this corner. Have you
 an old song which you would like us to publish?
 Do you remember an old song which you would
 like to see here? If so, let us know.

J*

THE MIDNIGHT TRAIN.

     ACROSS the dull and brooding night
     A giant flies with demon light.

     And breath of wreathing smoke;
     Around him whirls the reeling plain,

     And with a dash of dim disdain.

He cleaves the sundered rock.

     In lonely swamps the low wind stirs
     The belt of black funereal firs,

     That murmur to the sky,

      Till, startled by his mad career,

They seem to keep a hush of fear,

     As if a god swept by.

     Through many a dark, wild heart of heath,
     O’er booming bridges, where beneath
     A mighty river brawls;

     By ruin, remnants of the past,

Their lives trembling in the blast;

     By singing waterfalls.

     The slumb’rer on his silent bed
     Turns to the light his lonely head,
     Divested of its dream;

     Long leagues of gloom are hurried o’er.
     Through tunnel sheaths, with iron roar.
     And shrill night rending scream.

     Past huddling huts, past flying farms.
     High furnace flames, whose crimson arms
     Are grappling with the night,

     He tears along receding lands,

     To where the kingly city stands,

     Wrapt in a robe of light.

     Here, round each wide and gushing gate,

     A crowd of eager faces wait,

     And every smile is known.

We thank thee, O, thou Titan train,

     That in the city once again,

     We clasp our loved, our own.

ONLY THE BRAKEMAN.

 “/~VNLY the brakeman killed!” Say, was that
          what they said?

     The brakeman was our Joe; so then—our
          Joe is dead!

 Dead? Dead? Dead? But I cannot think it’s
    so;

 It was some other brakeman—it cannot be our
     Joe.	„

 Why, only	this last evening I saw	him riding
     past; ,

 The trains	don't stop here often—go	rushing by
     as fast

As lightning—but Joe saw me, and waved his
hand; he sat
On the very last coal-car—how do you 'count for
that—

That he was killed alone and the others saved,
    when he

Was last inside the tunnel? Come, now, it couldn’t

      be.

It's some mistake, of course; 'twas the fireman,
     you’ll find;

The engine struck the rock, and he was just .be-
     hind—

And the roof fell down on him—not on Joe, our
    Joe! I saw

That train myself, the engine had work enough
    to draw

The coal-cars full of coal that rattled square and
     black

By tens and twenties past our door along that
    narrow track

On into the dark mountains. I never see those
    peaks

'Thout hating them. For much they care whether
the water leaks
Down their sides to wet the stones that arch the
tunnels there
So long, so black—they all may go, and much the
mountains care!

I'm sorry for that fireman! What’s that? I don’t
    pretend

To more than this. I saw that train, and Joe
    was at the end,

The very end, I tell you ? Come, don’t stand here
     and mock—

What! It was therei right at this end the tunnel
    caved—the rock

Fell on him? But I don’t believe a word—yes,
    that's his chain,

And that's his poor, old silver watch; he bought
it—w'hat’s this stain
All over it? Why, it’s red! Oh, Joe, my boy,
oh, Joe,

Then it was you, and you are dead down in that
    tunnel. Go

And bring my boy back? He was all the son I
had; the girls
Are very well, but not like Joe. Such pretty
golden curls

Joe had until I cut them off at four years old; he
     ran

To meet me always at the gate, my bonnie little
    man.

You don’t remember him? But then you’ve only
seen him when
He rides by on the coal-trains among the other
men,

All of them black and grimed with coal, and cir-
     cles round their eyes,

Whizzing along by day and night, but you would
    feel surprise

To see how fair he is when clean on Sundays,
    and I know

You’d think him handsome then; I’ll have—God !

    I forget! Oh, Joe,

My boy! my boy! and you are dead? So young,
but twenty—dead
Down in that awful tunnel, with the mountain
overhead!
764

THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE.

They’re bringing him? Oh. yes, I know; they’ll
bring him, and what's more
They'll do it free, the company! They'll leave
him at my door
Just as he is, all grimed and black. Jane, put
the irons on,

And wash his shirt, his Sunday shirt; it's white;

    he did have one
White shirt for best, and proud he wore it Sunday
with a tie

Of blue, a new one. Oh, my boy, how could they
    let you die, for oh—

Only the brakeman! And his wage was small.

    The engineer
Must first be seen to there in front. My God! it
stands as clear
Before my eyes as though I'd seen it all—the dark
—the crash—

The hissing steam—the wet stone sides—the arch
    above—the flash

Of lanterns coming—and my boy, my poor boy
    lying there,

Dying alone under the rocks; only his golden
    hair

To tell that it was Joe—a mass all grimed that
    doesn't stir;

But mother’ll know you, dear; ’twill make no
    difference to her

How black with coal-dust you may be, your poor,
hard-working hands
All torn and crushed, perhaps; yes, yes; but no
one understands
That even though he’s better off, poor lad, where
he has gone,

1 and the girls are left behind to stand it and
    live on

As best we can without him! What? A wreath?
    A lady sent

Some flowers? Was passing through and heard—
felt sorry—well, ’twas meant
Kindly, no doubt; but poor Joe’d been the very
first to laugh
At white flowers round his blackened face. You’ll
write his epitaph?

What's that? His name and age? Poor boy!

    Poor Joe! His name has done
It’s work in this life; for his age, he was not
twenty-one,

Well-grown, but slender, far too young for such a
place, but then
He wanted to “ help mother,” and to be among
the men;	__

For he was always trying to be old; he carried
    wood

And built the fires for me before he hardly un-
    derstood

What a fire was—my little boy. my darling baby
    Joe—

There's something snapped within my breast; I
    think, it hurts me so,

It must be something broken. What is that? I
    felt the floor

Shake; there's some one on die step. Go, Jeanie,
    set the door

Wide open, for your brother Joe is coming home.
    They said

“ Only the brakeman ”—but it is my only son
    that’s dead!

-J*

 A RAILROAD DREAM.

  BY MRS. P. D. CASE.

SITTING in a rail-car. flying on by steam.
Head against tlie casement, dreamed a curi-
ous dream:

Vet I could not think it a thing all ideal,

For though very monstrous, it was very reaP.

First thgre came a gentleman in his patent
    leather—

Collar, bosom, wrist-bands, overcoat for weather;
In the height of fashion, watch-key, hat, and

     glove,

And with air professional—spit upon the stove.

Xear him sat a parson, telling how the Lord
Sent the great revivals, blessed the preached
word;

But my dream discovered that he was not above
Honey-dew or fine-cut—spitting on the stove.

Xext came a trader—pockets full of cash—
Talked about the country going all to smash;

“ War and Abolition did the tiling, by Jove ”—
Tipped his wicker bottle—spit upon the stove.

Then a jolly farmer, bragging of his wheat.
Thought his hogs and horses nowhere could be
beat;

“ Like to sell his Durhams by the head or drove "—
Kept his jaws a wagging—spit upon the stove.

Paddy thought it was “ quare" like to be setting
    still.

All the whole goin' over bog and hill;

Twas a glorious country, sure, as he could prove—
Equal to his betters—spitting on the stove.

Witness, perfumed dandy, putting on his air—
Flourished diamond breastpin, smoked in forward
car;

Talked about our army, “’Twas too slow by
    Jove ’’—

Twirled a carrot mustache—spit upon the stove.

Little boy in short coat, wants to be a man,
Following example as the surest plan;

Watches gent and parson—copies every move.
And with Pat and trader—spits upon the stove. ^

Soon, the flying rail-car reeks with nauseous steam
Ladies almost fainting—children in a scream;
Husband asking lady: " What’s the matter, love?
Have a glass of water ? ”—spits upon the stove.

On we go, still flying—not a breath of air
Fit for Christian people in a crowded car:
Sickening, fainting, dying, ladies make a move—
Gent throws up the window—spits upon the stove.

Talk of ladies' flounces, ribbons, jewels, flowers,
Crinelin and perfume, gossip, idle hours;

Put all faults together which men can't approve
And they are not a match for—spitting on the
stove.

Men will call us “ angels ”—wonder if they think
Such nauseous vapor angel meat and drink?
Wonder if they'll do so when they get above?
Below' it would be handier—spitting on the stove.
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

Vacation thoughts on heating

Don’t have your vacation
marred by the spectres of
old-fashioned heating
methods. Don’t put it off
longer, but settle at once
and for all time this most
important matter of home
heating and hygiene. The
savings in fuel, repairs,
doctor bills, labor, etc., will
pay for your annual vaca-
tion, and you will put
balmy Summer warmth
throughout the whole
house on the most tem-
pestuous of Winter days
by using an outfit of

American* Ideal

il Radiators '-Mboilers

By the use of IDEAL Boilers and
AMERICAN Radiators the fuel bills
grow smaller; uneven heating and re-
pair bills disappear; ashes, soot and coal-
gases are unknown in the living rooms; carpets, hangings and furniture
are thereby given longer life; housework is reduced one-half, and the
whole house is made a far better, happier, healthier place to live in.

AMERICAN Radiators are made in a multitude of sizes and
forms—to go alongside open stairs; to fit into corners, curves
and circles; between windows and under window seats; with
brackets to hang upon the walls—off the floor; with special feet
to prevent cutting carpet; with smoothest surfaces for decorating
in any color or shade to match woodwork, wall coverings, fur-
niture, etc.; thin radiators for narrow halls and bathrooms;
with plate-warming ovens for dining-rooms; big radiators for
storm vestibules; with high legs for cleaning thereunder; with
ventilation bases so air of room may be changed 1 to 4 times
per hour—and other splendid features which it would pay you
big to know. Our free book tells all about them (and all about
IDEAL Boilers). You will need it to choose the models from.

Be ready at the turn of a valve to flood the house with invigorating,
genial warmth for the vacation-returning family. Prices in Spring
usually rule the lowest of the year. In these less-hurried months
you are sure to get the best workmanship. Put your property into right
heating condition now, ready for best living, renting or selling. Don’t
wait until you build, but investigate todai this big-paying building
investment. Ask for free book—puts you under no obligation to buy.

A So. A-241 IDEAL Boiler
and 461 sq. (t. ol 38-in.
AMERICAN Radiators,
costing owner $2X5, were
used to heat this cottage.
At these prices the goods
can be bought ol any re-
putable. competent titter.
This did not include cost
ol labor, pipe, valves,
freight, etc.. which are
extra and vary according
to climatic and other con-
ditions.

 Public Showrooms
 in all large cities

 Write to Dept. J
 Chicago

AmericanRadiator Company

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The K.ui.kuaii .Man's Magazixm.
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

    South ltond Watch Company

     ► ISatlr aab ♦ IJJatch ♦ 0na^&nce

           i—- -oftii/JeT'tihej

                                 Knilr*in«l M'nlrh.
                                 Serial No ^i^Js

       noiv employed upon the___ft" jfl	-i—!-/?- R-.

            is sold to him for railroad service amkxmder the following agreement, to-wlt

            The South Crnft Htatfh Cain v^vn&tjakers of the same, and party of thn first part In
            this agreement, hereby	-

       Irew This ''Qj&iffictltieX" Wn<pi,~ XYtn the

        purchaser or party	---the second part for a period of Five

            Yrnm, from date (nS^*yfove written in this certificate, in the following manner
            and upon, and uridt’Kp&Mllowmg terms

            Should there be VJ>V£U>Pi;r whatever in ihe general equipment or standard of watches required
            tor Ihe u»e of •iui^{W|f?2P0'> *his.road. wjjere Ihe party of the second pari. Ihe purchaser. Is now
            employed as. i2ar*jQ£A2_r. rj c c_ r ..or should his promotion to some other position
            upon the road \v#M fV'in'now employed, require a walch of different equipment or higher grade. then
            Ihe Souiii UjkjMOVairb Compmr hereby contracts and agrees to furnish him. In exchange for the
            above wat« lr^p*^W7i-d lly Tbi« Cvriiiieaia. a walch of such grade and character as shall then be
            required, u extra cosl or charge lo the original purchaser named herein . it i» of course under-
            stood that thi<tK<urance is effective only with watches of Ihis company's make Such exchange shall
            be made through the local dealer selling the purchaser this watch

                                             It Is further contracted and agreed lhal. should the original
                        vN\\\\W>	purchaser, the party of the second part, leave the employ of the

                      — * W\v,	ri^jllor which he Is now working, herein above named.

                  T\	*be employment ol a railroad requiring a higher

           JX, Y> ** 17 *’^^%J^1iffeirntly equipped watch than the one insured un-

v •.............r4i,‘*al1'- within a period of five years Irom the date

         -/v .•** O Q ft t rYx/l	thpn the Souib llend Wairb Compmr

         S/’*V -• <v^	^V/ //	,n **change for Ihe watch insured by this

        WN«%V ■	further cost or charge to said original pur-

                        • a watch of such grade and equipment as
                        by the road then employing him: il is of
                        u this insurance is effective only with
                        Vpy's make. Such exchange to be made
                        fc* Chief Watch Inspector of the road to
                        II by whom be becomes employed.

                        / South firnil titatrli Company

 SEAL
 . 1902

 'V W.J-x-

BULLETIN BDARD

In 'iiiswerinp this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Tin: Raii.road .Man's Magazine.

YOU SAVE DOLLARS
By South Bend R. R.
Watch Insurance Plan

We Bear the Burden of Changes in Time Service
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

You Save Dollars

 By South Bend R. R.
Watch Insurance Plan

     We Bear the Burden of
     Changes in Time Service

   Every Railroad Man in the country
will welcome our Watch Insurance
Plan—for it means a saving of dollars
to you all.

   From the time R. R. Watch Inspec-
tion was installed, there has been a
drain on the purse of the R. R. man,
because of the changes in require-
ments of the time service.

  These changes have been neces-
sary to keep in step with the closer
running schedules of R. R. trains and
for the protection of life and property
—but, unfortunately, it lias been you
who paid the bill.

  This hardship unavoidably im-
posed upon the R. R. men was brought
forcibly to us when investigating con-
ditions of the R. R. Watch business.

  And now, when you buy a South
Bend R. R. Watch, we insure you
against any further cost coming as a
result of any change in time service
within five years from the date of pur-
chase, regardless of whether the new
requirements demand a higher priced
watch than the one you carry.

Tne Studebaker Passed By All Chief Inspectors.

Think of It!

Grasp the Meaning of Our Great
WATCH INSURANCE PLAN

   If you go from one road to another
—if the least change is made in the
requirement of R. R. Watches—we
give you a new watch that will meet
the requirements, on presentation of
our Watch Insurance Certificate,
which goes with every South Bend
R. R. Watch.

   There are no strings to this Watch
Insurance Plan—it is an unequivocal
guarantee to protect you against any
changes in the requirements of the
time service.

  Every new man in R. R. service—
every man now in service who must
buy 'a new Standard R. R. Watch—
should look ahead and provide for the
future. The South Bend is absolutely
the only watch which will protect you
against the cost of a nezv watch, if the
time service is changed.

  Cut out the Coupon and send
NOW for illustrations of our
“Studebaker” R.R. models and / S0UTH
detailed information.	/ bend

WATCH CO.

South Bend Watch Co. Hr

MAKERS OF RAILROAD WATCHES
South Bend, Indiana

In nnstcerino this •idvtrtiscmcnt it is desirable that you mention The Itaii.road Max’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

UNION SUITS
SHIRTS AND DRAWERS
ALL STYLES FOR MEN AND • BOYS

T

BSKaKBMEroBaSBBHi

      HE unique "Porosknit" fabric
 is knit and cut lo give a true
 fit with not the slightest bulki-
 ness. Absorbent and ventilated for
 health and coolness. Elastic for
 freedom of movement. Firmly
 sewed, durable, best trimmings,
 easily washed.

   "Porosknit" Union Suits do away
 with double thickness at the waist,
 and the downward "pull" of the
 drawers. No other union suits that
 fit without binding have the light-
 ness of "Porosknit." They fit the
 hard to fit.

    Buy and wear a suit of "Porosknit"
 today. That's the best way to know
 what real underwear comfort is.

For Men All Styles For Boys
I—« , Shirts and drawers
OvJC ner oarment “OC

 For Men
 1.00

per garment

Union Suits

Any Style

For Boys

50c

On sale in practically: all stores. Write
us for illustrated booklet showing all styles.

CHALMERS KNITTING CO.

43 Washington St., Amsterdam, N. Y.

Look for this Label on * 'Porosknit’*

In tinswcrinp this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Raii.koad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MANS MAG AZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

MJ1 11S

The Art of Being' Certain

     The successful man doesn't guess—he knows because he takes the
trouble to find out.

     When he is a bit “ out of fix" he says, “ Something may be wrong
with my food."

     Then he proceeds to know by a ten days' trial—leaving off greasy
meats, pasty, sticky and starchy half-cooked cereals, white bread and pastry,
and adopting a plain, nourishing diet.

      Many men who really know use the following breakfast : Some fruit,
a saucer of Grape-Nuts and cream, soft-boiled eggs, some nice crisp toast,
and a cup of Postum—nothing more.

      The result is certain gain toward health.

“There’s a R_eason”

      Get the famous little book, "The Road to Wellville, ’ in packages of

   Grape-Nuts

       Canadian Postum Cereal Co., Limited,	Postum Cereal Company, Limited,

Windsor, Ontario, Canada.	Battle Creek, Mich., U. S. A.

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISING SECTION.

77?o only TALKING MACHINE made by

EDISON

is the

PHONOGRAPH

Just loud enough for the home

The Edison Phonograph has just the right volume of sound for the home—your
home. It is not brassy or strident: not loud enough for a concert hall or a neigh-
borhood. W hen you hear it demonstrated it will not echo throughout the store.
The Edison reproduces sound—not noise.

There is an Kdlsou Phonograph at a price to suit everybody's moans, from the Clem at Sir. to the Ainberola atS20u.

The Sapphire Reproducing Point

This is the secret of the Edison Phonograph *s lifelike purity of tone. The highly
polished, button-shaped sapphire exactly lits the thread on the sensitive wax
record in which it travels. It does not wear, does not scratch or wear the
record and never needs to be changed.

The sapphire point is a feature «*f lx»th Ambcrol arid Standard Reproducers.

Amberol Records

These Records, playing more than twice as long as ordinary records,
(4 to 4 x/z minutes), render all of every character of entertainment,
completely as in the original,and have opened the way to a vast amount
of the very best of music and other entertainment hitherto impossible
to obtain in record form. The Edison also plays Edison Standard two-
minute Records.

Ajnberol Records, 50 cents; Standard Records, 35 cents: Grand Opera Records, 75 cents to $2.

Making Records at home

On the Edison Phonograph you, anyone, can make records in your
own lvome—talk, sing or play—and reproduce it immediately, just as
clearly as the Records which you buy. With this great feature, the
Edison gives more than double the entertainment of any other sound
reproducing instrument.

 Ask the nearest Killson dealer to demonstrate this feature of the Edison Phonosraph. Also
 ask your dealer for the latest catalogs of Kdison Phonographs and Records, or write us.

THOMAS A. EDISON, Inc., 92 Lakeside Avenue, Orange, N. J.

Thomas A. Edison, Inc., is the new corporate name by which the National Phonograph Co. will hereafter be known.

In tiHsu'ci inu this ndvcrtiscmvnt it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

   —they're fine with cream and sugar/'1
CRISP—FLA VOURY—DISTINCTIVE

  “The Memory Lingers”

Canadian Poslum Cereal Co., Limited,
Windsor, Ontario, Canada

Postum Cereal Company. Limited,
Battle Creek, Mich., U. S. A.

Yes Ma’m,
we sell
quantities
of

 T oasties

In answering this advertisement It is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD .MAX'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

yy%ITH the AutoStrop Razor you don’t have to detach the
jJm' blade or take anything apart or adjust anything. It's
always as ready tor shaving as the head barber's razor.

     Tilt* most awkward can use it with his skill. Lhe most wide-awake
everywhere do use it

     Are you one of the wide-awake? If so, you'll get an AutoStrop
Razor on trial today. If you don t like it, dealer will give you back your
monev He doesn't care, for our contract protects him

     S5 buys you one silver-plated self-stropping razor. 12 good blades and
Strop in handsome case One blade will often last six months to a year.
That makes yourS5 pay for years of shaves

     It's easy as A B C to get an AutoStrop Razor, if you’ll phone or post
a card for one to any dealer—now.

AutoStrop Safety Razor Company, 361 Fifth Ave., New York;
233 Coristine Building, Montreal; 61 New Oxford Street, London

  AutoStrop

Strops

Itself

then shave

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

“17 Cents a Day” Offer
Stirs the Nation!

The Whole Country Applauds the “ Penny Purchase Plan"

From a thousand different directions comes a	Typewriter, ami you have an overwhelming total

 mighty chorus of approval, voicing the popular-	of tangible reason< for its wonderful success,
 ity of Tlie Oliver Typewriter “ 17 Cents a Day ”

Purchase Plan.	A Business Builder

  The liberal terms of this offer brins; the benefits	... . .	. ,

of tl.e best modern tvpewriter within easv reach of , he Oliver ypewnler is a powerUu creative

all. The simple, convenient •• Pen.1v Plan" has f°,rr	‘‘^ \

, 1 , • .	Its use multiplies business obboitunities, widens

 assumed national importance.	business influences promotes business success.

   It opened the floodgates of demand and has	aggressive merchant or manufacturer

 almost engulfed us with orders.	CfU] reacl, ouf%r more b„sineSs with trade-w.u-

    Individuals, firms and corporations—all- classes	„ing letters and prtee lists. Bv means of a “ mail-

 OJ people—are taking advantage of the attractive	iug ]ist ”_a„d The Oliver Typewriter—vou can

 plan and endorsing the great idea which led 11s	annex new trade territory.

 to take this radical step—	Get thJs greatest of business aids —for 77 Cents

 j fo make typewriting the universal medium oj	„ Keep u /,HSV_ n wni ulake vour |,um-

wntten communicatton!	ness grow.

  Speeds Universal Typewriting	Aids Professional Men

 The trend of events is toward the general

 adoption of beautiful, legible, speedy type-.viiting	To the professional man the typewriter is an

in place of slow, laborious,	indispensable assistant.

illegible handwriting. Ib®__	Clergymen. Physicians,

The great business inter-	Journalists, Writers, Arclii-

ests are a unit in using type- IT	tects, Engineers, and Pub-

writers.	—, lie Accountants have learned

It is just as important to	lypGWr l-tCr to depend on the typewriter

 the general public to subs/i- The Standard Visible Writer	, Vou can master The Oliver

lute typewriting for " long-	Typewriter in a few min-

 haud." For every private citizen’s personal af-	utes' practice. It will pay big daily dividends

 fairs are his business.	of satisfaction 011 the small investment of /- Cents

 Our popular “ Penny Plan " speeds the day of	a Day.

Universal Typewriting.	. o. • oj. . c

                                        A ijtepping-btone to buccess

A Mechanical Marvel	For yOUt|g people, The Oliver Typewriter is a

 The Oliver Typewriter is unlike all others.	stepping-stone to good positions and an advance-

 Witli several hundred less parts than ordinary	nieiit in business life,

 typewriters, its efficiency is proportionately	The ability to operate a typewriter counts fo

greater.	more than letters of recommendation.

 Add to such basic advantages the many time-	Start now, when you can own The Oliver

 saving conveniences found only 011 The Oliver	Typewriter for pennies.

j	Join the National Association of Penny Savers!

    Every purchaser of The Oliver Typewriter for 17 Cents a Day is
 made an Honorary Member of the National Association of Penny
 k =>	Savers. A small first payment

  brings the magnificent new OH- j	COUPON	f

    V er Typewriter, the regular $100 , The OLIVER TYPEWRITER CO. I
    lliacllllie.	J 679 Oliver Typewriter Bldg.. Chicago £

 Isrsi* Then save 17 Cents a Day and	j Gentlemen: Please send vourf:

    pay monthly. The Oliver Type-	5 Art Catalog and details of ” 17- [

    wiiter Calalogf and full details of	1 Cents-a-Day" offer 011 Then

   “ 17 Cents a Day ” Purchase Plan	j Oliver Typewriter.	f:

  sent 011 request, by coupon or let-	3	£

 ter.	:<j Name.........................5i

Address Sales Department	S	?

  The Oliver Typewriter Co. 1 Address.......................£

        679 Oliver Typewriter Bids. 1
    (91 >	Chicago.

In nnswering this advertisement it is desirable that nun mention Thb Railroad Man’s Magazine.
I'HE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Will

 Sharpen

Every

Razor

 Safely or
 Old Style

WANTED

 AGENTS

SALESMEN

MANAGERS

i

The Never-Fail
Automatic
Razor Stropper

i* aiiMilni4'l\ fiPiTfct

:miiI	l\elj t£ii:ir:iu-

feed lo sharpen ;m>
siiicl sill kinds of safVl >
:iihI old *fjle
F.vcr) (litlie is :i n f o -
nintie •.i ir.jid jusl inu
pprforl. Anyone e :i u
operate ii. Anyone can
olif:iin jierl'iM’t results
m I I Ii o ii i experience,
(•naranleed lor life.

 I want a good man in every
 territory of the United
 States- as local agent for
 one county, or as general
 agent for a number of coun*
 ties. This is a new propo-
 sition. and offers an oppor-
 tunity for you to make from
 $45 to $90 a week and on up

 to $*,000 or $10,000 a year.
 \ am organizing my selling
 force now and I want you
 to begin at once. Write’for
 information today.

$45.00 TO $90.00 A WEEK

   This is the opportunity I offer to a good man in every territory in the United States. No
experience is necessary. The Never-Fail Stropper sells on sight. I want agents, general agents
and managers. Anyone can do the work. No charge for territory. Grand, free advertising
special introductory plan for agents on the most sensational selling article of the day. Every-
man a buyer—quick, every call a sale. Send for reports of our men who are out in the field.
Listen to their words of success. Learn of the money they are making. Get out of the rut.
Young men, old men, farmers, teachers, carpenters, students, bank clerks—everybody makes
money. One man i Hiram Purdy) took 2~ orders first day out sworn statement : profit $40.50.
26 orders the next day. Once our agent, always a money maker. A. >1. Clark, of Kansas, wrote :
“ I was out of town the other day—did not go with the intention of doing any soliciting. Just got
to talking and sold 6 before I knew it." Profit $9.00. Sales roll up every day.

400,000 IN FOUR MONTHS

    I want general agents and managers to handle big territories, employ sub-agents, look after deliveries, advertise
and distribute. 1 will offer you 100 per cent profit. I am organizing my selling force umv. am: I want you. if
you want lo make money honestly and rapidly. Exclusive territory given—no charge made. Protection against
others running over your field. Co-operation, assistance, personal alleution to each man. Complete information
free. Investigate.

   This is a new proposition. A positive automatic razor stropper—absolutely guaranteed. A thing all

men have dreamed about. Perfect in every detail, under every test. With it you can sharpen to a keen, smooth,
velvety edge any razor-safety or old style--all the same. Handles any and every blade automatically. Just a
few seconds with the Never-Fail Stiopper puts a razor in better shape to give a soothing, cooling, satisfying shave,
than can an expert operator, 111 matter how carefully he works. New idea. Men are excited over this little wonder
machine—over its mysterious accuracy and perfection. They are eager to buy. Women buy for presents to men.
Agents and salesmen coining money. Field untouched. Get territory at once. I want a thousand men—voting or
old—who are honest and willing to work, to start in this business at once. Act today. Exclusive territory.

    One of our men started in selling in Louisiana. Became general agent, controlling extensive territory. At a
single time he ordered 50 agents outfits. This man started without any experience as a salesman : but the Never-
Fail Stropper caught on so tremendously that he made more money than he ever dreamed of making in his life.
No talking is needed. Just show the machine to men and they want it immediately. No modern invention has
received such open-armed welcome. Please remember the machine is absolutely guaranteed. It is positively
successful under every test and trial. It answers the razor stropping problem of ages. It is a modern invention
for modern times, modern perfection and modern men A half-minute demonstration is all that is necessary.

1VT r\ It	~\r J"st your name and address upon a postal card and I will mail you cont-

^ r. |\ I J ^1 |v| ( ) |\| r*. Y plete information details, description of the business, sworn-to proof

                                        from men out in the field. I want you to know what this advertise-
ment means to you. I want yon to take a territory and make :qii the biggest year you have ever lived. All that I
require is that you stay on the job, keep things moving, and that you keep your promise to me and to your
customers. The possibilities are unlimited. Millions will be sold this year. We teach you w-hat to say, and how.
when, where to say it. INVESTIGATE. It costs you absolutely nothing to learn about this opportunity. Don't
delay. Territory is going fast. Write today, and give the name of your county.

                             ADDRESS SECRFTARY

THE NEVER FAIL COMPANY, 998 Colton Bldg., TOLEDO, O.

In u ns we ring this advertisement it is desirable that you mention Thf. Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

“KODAK”

Is our Registered and common-
law Trade-Mark and cannot be
rightfully applied except to
goods of our manufacture.

  If a dealer tries to sell you a camera
or films, or other goods not of our
manufacture, under the Kodak name,
you can be sure that he has an inferior
article that he is trying to market on
the Kodak reputation.

If it isn’t an Eastman, it isn’t a Kodak.

EASTMAN KODAK COMPANY,

ROCHESTER, N. Y., The Kodak City.

In 'inswe' ino this advertisement it is desirable that uou mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

  Just hark back to some of those sultry,
hot days of last summer when your under-
wear was sticky and uncomfortable, then
you will be in a proper attitude to consider
the newest advance in underwear making—

DRYSKIN

Conductive Underwear

 The “DRYSKIN” fabric ac-
quires a fineness and linen-like-tex-
ture that is 50% more absorbent than
any other underwear in the market.

 "DRYSKIN” Underwear is
more than merely porous—it is
“conductive.” It does more than
merely absorb the moisture—it gets
rid of it and keeps the skin always
dry, even in raging hot weather.

 Every pair of “DRYSKIN”
drawers is equipped with the new
Adjusta-Slide, which affords in-
stant adjustment of the waistband—
no draw-cords necessary.

  Enjoy the utmost of summer
comfort. Equip yourself with
“DRYSKIN” Underwear—you'll
be cool and fresh during the hottest

days.

 Yet “DRYSKIN” Underwear
costs no more than the common-
place—50c the garment and $1.00
for union suits — in all forms,
athletic, half-sleeve, regular, etc.
Bovs’ sizes 25c single garment and
50c union suits.

  If your dealer doesn’t carrv
“DRYSKIN" Underwear we’ll
send itdirect. Statesizeinordering.

NORFOLK HOSIERY & UNDERWEAR MILLS CO..

Norfolk. Va.. and 366 Broadway, New York.

In •intwtring "»y advertisement on this page il is desirable that yon mmtion The Kailboad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

On Which Side of the Desk
Are You?

The man before the desk works with
his hands and is paid for his labor.

I he man behind the desk works with
his head and is paid for his knowledge.
It is merely a question of KNOW-
ING HOW

The first step in “knowing how” is
simply a matter of cutting out, filling
in and mailing us the coupon shown
below.

In return we show you how to improve
your position or to seen 0 a more congenial
occupation and better sal ur . without loss of
time, without neglecting your present work
or obligating \ ourself to pay more than you
can comfortably atford.

No text-books to buy — no requirements
beyond the ability to read and write, and
the ambition to succeed.

Thousands of men, and women, too, in
nearly every trade and profession date the
beginning of their success to the day they
filled m this coupon. Why not you?

It costs nothing to find out. Take your
first step in your own advancement.

Mark This Coupon To-day

INTERNATIONAL (OKItKS!M>M>F\< K SCHOOLS                                  
Hoy 1003, Scranton. ■*:».                                                
IMe.'tsf explain, without lurlliev obligation «»i« my part, bow 1 rai    
qualify tor the position, trade or urofeBafnn l>efon» wlilcli 1 hava     
marked X                                                                 
 General Foreman                        Electrical Engineer              
 1C. It. Shop Foreman                   .Machine Designer                
 R. It. Traveling Eng.                  Electrician                      
 It. It. Trav*g Fireman                 Mining Engineer                  
 Locomotive Fnclneer                    Mine Foreman                     
 Air-ltrakc Instructor                  Foreninn Machinist               
 Alr-llraUe Inspector                   Chemist.                         
 Alr-ltrul.c Itepairmnn                 Assay er                         
 Meeli a n leal Kngl11 eer              Are hiteet                       
 Mooliauioal Druftsmuu                  Kook keeper                      
 lt.lt. C011 st ruction Eng.            Stenographer                     
 Surveyor                               Advertising Man                  
 Civil Engineer                         Automobile Running               
 1Iid 1!. i 11 tr                       Concrete Construction            
                                                                         
        Employed by ..................  .................K. K.           
        Employed as...................                                   
                                                                         
In 'inswcriv'1 this mlvt'ilisi ment it is ileal mbit Ihill tjini mention Tun Uaii.hoati Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

  Cox's I nstant
 Powdered Gelatine
 is the gelatine
 grandmother used
 —and the gelatine
 used by the famous
 chefs and French
 cooks to-day. It's
 been good for 80
 years.

You can get a sub-
stantial, reliable cam-
era, which makes good
pictures, for I'J

INSTANT PQWDERED

          Cox’s is concen-
        trated food. It
        makes soups rich
        and sauces tempt-
        ing. It can be used
        with milk. This
        makes it invaluable
        food for children,
        invalids and elder-
        ly folks.

 The New No. O

Premo Jr

  Cox’s makes des-
serts that are nour-
ishing without be-
ing too rich, heavy
arid “stuffing.”
Dessertsthateverv-
body likes and that
suit everybody.
You should know
more about it.

  It makes x 2% pictures—
a very pleasing proportion.

   It can be loaded in daylight in-
stantly with a Premo Film Pack.

  It has automatic shutter for
time or snap shot exposures,
meniscus lens and two finders—
a thoroughly complete camera,
providing anyone with a prac-
tical, inexpensive, simple means
of making good pictures.

 Same camera for 21 j x 31.; pictures, S '.00;
 21 j x4.1 i, §3.00 5 31 j x4‘4, $4.00; 4x5, §6.00,

Our handsome new catalogue is just off the
press. It describes fifty different styles and
sizes of film and plate cameras and the simple
Premo Film Pack System. Free at the dealer's
or mailed on request. IMPORTAST—In
waiting, be sure to specify Premo Catalogue.

  Rochester Optical Division

Eastman Kodak Co.	Rochester. N.Y.

  When buying, al-
ways look for the
famous checker-
board box.

  Cox’s Manual of
Gelatine Cookery—
205 ways of using
Cox's Gelatine —
mailed free for-the
asking.

THE
COX GELATINE
COMPANY

U. S. Distributors (or

J. & G. COX, Ltd.,
Edinburgh, Scotland.
Dipt. 0

100 Hudson Street
New York

hi <inswcrimj miy advertisement f>n this jiayi it is desirabh that you mtnfi»n The Raii.Ei. ai* Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MANS MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

   Are you “trying to make both ends meet” on a small, unsatis- ^
factory salary ? Are you one of the thousands of energetic, capable H
men whose days are spent in work not suited to their natural talents? |5

 Then read this wonderful offer. We mean it and

there is a fine chance for you if you improve it.	- ||

    If you lack the time and the means to stop work and take a course of training, the g
American School will lend you the cost of the training you need and let you make your ^
own terms for repaying us.	2

This is the greatest offer ever made
to men who have “got it in them to
rise,” and we are prepared to help
everyone who comes to us in earnest.

 Check tile coupon, mail it to vis, and we will explain	- American School of Correspondence, Chicago, U. S. A.

flllly OUT “Deferred Tuition” plan, how we will lend	__Please send me yourBulletin and advise ine how I can quality

you the cost of the tuition, and allow you to pay us	l|g i-r ■■■*»«■«!■» marked-s.-_B.„. m.,„ „ :

back when the increase in your yearly income equals the	gg ..... .Ilook-ke*-per	......Draftsman

amount of the loan.	""^^n.eer

    No Promotion No Pay - that’s what our ‘‘Deferred	g	.;....C«t A«o„,,..„t —

Tuition’* Scholarship means. Senu the coupon today and	......Certified Public Acc'nt	......Mechanical Engineer

    c i .. .1	—-j.	......Auditor	......Moving; Picture Op’r

prepare tor a better JOD.	--------...... Husnu*** Manager	......Steam Engineer

                                                  =	.....Commercial l.n«	......Fire Insurance Eng’r

AMERICAN SCHOOL OF CORRESPONDENCE g ......I!"'"...................—......

CHICAGO. U. S. A.	m NAME.......................................................

Address...................................................

Opportunity Coupon

 Solution: Get a better job

In answerin'/ this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Haii.koah Man's Magazine.

1
THE RAILROAD MAX'S M A.GAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Ask the Salesman to Explain

the meaning of the two most important words in the
whole history of shoe making—

   GOODYEAR WELT

   Shoes made on Goodyear Welt Machines are marked by comfort, durability and style.
They are Smooth Inside, because no thread penetrates the insole to tantalize the foot.
They are equal to shoes sewed by hand in the essential qualities you require,
and can be bought at one-third the price.	.

  Only good material can be used in shoes made on the rapid	ft

machines of the Goodyear Welt System.

   Write Today for the following Booklets which will be
   „•«	Sent You Without Cost:

  1.	Contains an alphabetical list of over
five hundred shoes sold under a special
name or trade mark, made by the Good-
year Welt process.

  2.	Describes the Goodyear Welt proc-
ess in detail and pictures the sixty
marvelous machines employed.

3.	"TheSecretof theShoe—An Industry
Transformed.'’ The true story of n great
American achievement.

4.	"An Industrial City." Illustrated—
descriptive of the great model factory of
the United Shoe Machinery Company

at Beverly. Massachusetts.

UNITED SHOE MACHINERY COMPANY
BOSTON. MASS.

This 3 - Piece
Mission
Library Set

—Desk. Book-Rack and Chair,
made of selected solid oak—either
Early English or Golden finish.
Desk has 32x20 inch top, with large
drawer for stationery and back
shelves. Book-rack 44 inches high
with shelves 17x11 inches. Chair
extra solid, with 20x20 inch seat.

   Sent to your home on receipt of $1.50. If,
 after 30 days’ trial, you find it at least twice
 the value you could get anywhere else, pay
 the balance of t he special direct-from-factory
 price of $9.S5 at the rate of 75 cents a month.

fj

Sent to Your Home for $1.50

  And remember, this is not a special value—
 it is merely a sample of the wonderful bar-
 gains we offer in everything for the home—
 bargains only made possible by our tre-
 mendous business.

lEVBRCTHMI

fttarurtiiiitiSCjrpstCo

                                     This Mission set is made with the same taste ana style as distinguish
                                     all Hartman furniture. We have furnished thousands of the best city
                                     homes through our 22 great retail stores in the large cities—we have
                                     800,000 customers scattered throughout the country.

                                      Today, after 50 years of business life, we are selling to people whose
                                      grandparents, when first married, started housekeeping with Hartman
                                      furniture. You can furnish your home in just the way you want it. at
                                      prices you'd hardly think possible for such quality goods, and on terms
                                      to suit your convenience. So send today for your copy of our great

FREE BOOK	gS®

 about home-fitting, illustrated with pictures of the articles themselves—many in color. Tells you how and
 why we can furnish homes better and more cheaply on our liberal open-account credit system. The most
 beautiful and comprehensive book on artistic home-furnishing ever issued. Write today for your free £bpy.

Hartman Furniture & Carpet Co.

Dept. 7, 223 Wabash Ave.	Chicago, U. S. A.

         Largest, oldest and best known home-furnishing concern in the world
         Established 1855—56 years of success -22 great stores—800,000 customers

In answeriny any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

Guaranteed

zx. NOT £
^ TO BREAKS?

Barcalo Beds

Stand The Hammer Test

Malleable Iron
Corners
Absolutely

Unbreakable

 See This Test

es that the
.lie Barcalo

   "Style Book—FREE

            It Tells You How to Save Half Your Clothes’ Money	f-

               That’s interesting—isn't it? And it is as true as it is interesting. We have established here. §■ S jj
       the largest custom tailoring business in this country—and it has taken us twelve years to do it. f
       ? During all those twelve years, our motto has been—"Make better clothes and save every penny of
       your customer’s money that you possibly can." Adherence to this principle has been rewarded—and we
       are now able, because of increased buying and tailoring facilities, to offer even a greater saving than ever >3
       before. We tailor clothes only to your individual measure at	^

 ^	*125® to *302®

                                                       Express

                          We have never had a stock garment in our establishment We guarantee to fit you as well,
               ?/ . ^ or better than the highest priced metropolitan tailor Our woolens are selected both
               - (0) '	^ere an<* abroad ^ the best judges known to the trade They are ultra stylish and

j-	^	exclusive. Our self-measuring system is extremely simple and absolutely

- - (C.	accurate, and we guarantee not only to fit you, but to entirely please you.

    yZ'	' &)?>]	Money back without a murmur if you ask for it.

             v> ' ''	New Edition of the Style Book is Ready—It’s Free

C'	V ’ )lt / 'n Sou "’ill find cloth Bn in pita of tho very latest weaves for spring nndSum-

                          .	£ If J mer—also fashion plates showing tho latest London and Now York Styles—and a

_	/ volume of commendatory letters from men who know our clothes and know how

                                          / aatisfactory they are. The First National Bank of Milwaukee (our bankers
                     w f-yr	/—K,->S0UrcC9- $22,000,000.00) will toll you of our responsibility. Write at once for

i*_	J detailed information and Style Boole, which is Free. Let us be your tailors. Vou

                                          / will be surprised at the real beauty o£ our offerings—delighted at the money
                . ^	y? J you Will save. Send a postal now	^

                  KING TAILORING COMPANY

                          /WSvWsw	408 W.W.ter St.. Milwaukee.Wis	^ccagjjSSP^

In answering any advertisement on this taae it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE ADVERTISING SECTION

■1GL0PLD1A (MW CYCLOfEDIAQPCLOFEDIA CMOPEffi ULOFfJffl GEOPEW

 0/ . 0/ of of of of	of

ITU. rvc;<« oa iKoero* xumbcoo ®ra»>	HECTRicrr>

<40100** IhWCATOW OttnwO* THEABCElff MtATIpC MACHINE#	UGHTIH/.

rms »«uii cm« aiitomouiu* CBnutSBS* ninvJcn*	.wiRfVo

'■Uk ppm* ouMTmaD JBratnux® antras *teaj« mTJ' cou>jto*k*	indc*

THE NEW
CYCLOPEDIA OF

ENGINEERING

At Half Price

Every Engineer must read if lie would progress
—the biggest men in the field can’t go around tell
ing what they know—but they can write it. And you
can read it—in our New Cyclopedia of Engineering
—the most valuable set of books on this subject
ever offered to Engineers. This Cyclopedia lia-
just been revised—it's right up to the minute.

These books cover every subject you are likely to meet
in practical engineering. Theyare interestingly written
by well-known authorities and are not only valuable for
studying, but also as permanent reference books.

The seven books contain 3.200 pages, size 7x10 inches
and over 2,500 illustrations, full page plates, diagrams,
etc. The regular price of these books is $36.00, but as
special introductory offer we have put the price at $18.80.

$2.00 Down $2.00 a Month

Shipped express prepaid so you can examine them
before paying a cent

This price and these terms make it easy for any engineer to
secure the valuable set of books. Read the brief description
below and see what you will get when you mail the coupon.

Our Protective Guarantee

Send for the Cyclopedia of Engineering, examine it carefully
and if, at the end of five days, you see that you need it, send us
your first 52.00 and $2.00 each month thereafter until the
total, §18.80, has been paid. It the books are not satisfactory
—don’t send us a cent—we will pay all charges. Use this coupon.
We absolutely protect you against loss. Signing the coupon
does not obligate you in any way.

-READ THIS SYNOPSIS-

Count ruet ion of Boilers—Boiler Accessories— Fuel Economizer*—
Mechanical Stoker* Steam Pump* — Steam Engines — Indicators -
Vulu* (tears Steam Turbines—Gas and Oil Engines—Fuels—Antonio*
biles—Carbureter**—Locomotive Roller* ami Engines—The Air Brake
Single-Phase Electric Hallway-— Elevators—31 Brine Boilers—.Marine
Engines Heating anil Ventilating—Compressed Alt—Transmission—
ihjorptiou anil Compression Refrigeration — Ammonia Machines —
Direct Current Dynamo* and Motors—Management of Dynamos and
Motor*—Electric Hiring — Eloctrie Lighting, etc.

For a short time we will include, as a monthly supplement, ior
one y-M'. the TECHNICAL WORM) MAGAZINE. This
is a regular Si .50 monthly, full of Twentieth Century Scientific
tacts, written in poptuar form.

FREE EXAMINATION COUPON

American School of Correspondence

CHICAGO. V.S. A.

 Please send net Cyclone.lia <d Engineering for 5 days' free examination.
 ALso Techt ical World fot I year. I will send $2.00 withiu 5 day* ami
 $'£. 00 a month until I have p*id '$18.80 for book* and magazine; or
 notlfv you to neud for the bouki. Title not to paas until fullv paid.

R.R. Mau'd, 5-'ll

N AMR..............................................

ADDRESS...........................................

OCCUPATION........................................

RMPt.OYPR .........................................

From Darkest
Africa

  WENTWORTH MILITARY ACADEMY

LEXINGTON. MISSOURI

                                 February ,0. loir.

    Mr. Frank A. Munsey, New York.

          Dear Sir:

              I was a delegate to ihe Presbyterian Synod of Missouri,
     which met last November at Fulton, Mo. At this meeting
     Dr. Re vis, one of the secretaries of our Foreign Missionary
     Board, who had recently been sent lo Africa to inspect our
     missions there, made an address.

          In this address he stated that he had visited one of the tribes
     far removed from the missionary station, and from civilization
     The people were very ignorant concerning all the arts of civi-
     lization and had never seen but one specimen of printing. This
     specimen was carefully cherished by the chief, and on rare
     occasions he would bring it out and let his subjects get a glimpse

   of it. it was a copy of MUNSEY'S MAGAZINE. 1
   thought you might be interested in knowing what a wide circu-
   lation your publication had reached.

Yours truly,

                    SANFORD SELLERS.

WE reprint this letter as a mat-
ter of interest—not because
there is any particular value to
circulation in the Dark Continent,
but because it emphasizes a remark-
able phase of The Munsey’s dis-
tribution.

  One advertiser of neckwear in
The Muxsey has just turned over to
us inquiries from China and Ger-
many; another, an inquiry from
Greece; another from South Aus-
tralia. Our records contain in-
stances of The Muxsey s productive-
ness from virtually every habitable
country on the globe. A financial
advertiser received a query from a
mountain fastness of India; many
manufacturers have been enabled
to establish profitable selling agen-
cies through their foreign inquiries
from The Muxsey.

  All of which leads up to this de-
duction—a periodical of such world-
wide influence must be powerful
through the length and breadth of
its own land.

The Frank A. Munsey Company

        175 Fifth Avenue, New York

In (iiisici'ring any advertisement on this page it is desirable that gnu mention The n.vit.HOAP Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

 Sing a song of five cents
 A packet full of gum
 Ten wafer chewing chips
 In a tiny drum.

 Ten pretty maidens
 All in dainty frocks
 Each takes a Colgan Chip
 That leaves an empty box.

 When the drum is opened
 Catch the fragrance neat
 My I what a dainty bit
 To offer maidens sweet.

 A box full of emptiness
 The treat is worth the while
 Each little Colgan Chip
 Has turned into a smile

COLGAN’S

MINT or VIOLET

CHIPS

In a
handy
metal box

     Mint Chips—Flavored like good, old-
     fashioned peppermint stick candy.

     Violet Chips—Like the perfume wafted
     from sweet violet meadows.

      If they're not sold near you, send us
      ioc in stamps for a fhll box of each.

        COLGAN GUM CO., Inc., Louisville, Ky.

Steel Motor Boats

                             Simply cun 't sink—air chambers like life-boats. Hulls of
                             ptmclure-proof steel plates—can’t warp, waterlog, crack,
                             split, dry out or open at the seams. Unlike wooden boats,
                             they cannot leak. Can't be gnawed by worms. Have light,
                             simple, powerful motors, that won't stall at any speed—start
                             tike an automobile engine—ONE MAN CONTROL and
                             famous Mullins Silent Under Water Exhaust 12 models
                             —16 to 26 ft., 3 to 30 horse power.

Handsome Boat Book—Free

Send lo-day for handsomest boat book ever printed. Illustrated in colors. Details
of famous Mullins line. Amazing prices this year. Investigate. Get free book.
THE IV. H. MULLINS CO.. 324 Franklin St., Salem, Ohio

Complete
and Duck

Boats

to $39

              MULLINS

In •mswering any advertisement on this page it is desirable Hint you mention The Raii.eoad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE- ADVERTISING SECTION

For Semi-Dress or Service

     One of these Signal Coal Shirts will appeal to you. They are strong and com-
 fortable to work in and nice enough for dress wear. Made in a range
 of neat patterns in tested shrunk percales, light or dark colors, with
 one soft attached collar or two detached hand turned double band col-
 ors. Every shirt has two pockets and is cut coat style, making the

SIGNAL

HILKER-WIECHERS MFG. CO., 1252 Mound Ave., RACINE, WIS.

                  the easiest shirt to take off or put on—a big advan-
 Trade Mark tage when you are sweaty, tired or hurried. You
 have a pleasant surprise coming if you have never
 worn these shuts. Many extra comfort features not found in highest
 priced dress shirts : Extra button at bottom of breast plait 3 inch
 overlap to flaps, reinforced rip-proof sleeve slit, and many other advantages.

j-*,	1	.	n . 1 Price St.00 anti Si.50 according to

Try a Couple at Our Risk quality is..00-hin> are $1.25 if

^■ 1 -	expressed West of Missouri River.

 your dealer. If he hasn’t Signal Coat Shirts, tell us his name and your -ize. also which
 >11 want. Si.00 or Si 50. and we will express you a couple. Or write foi folder showing styles.

 If you like them, pay express man. If not satisfied, return at our expense,

Not Imitations

        A marvelously reconstructed gem—
  the greatest triumph of the electric
  furnace. Looks like a diamond
  — wears like a diamond— will
  cut glass—stands filing, fire and
  acid tests like a diamond--guar-
  anteed to contain 110 glass.
  Remoh Gems have 110 paste, foil
  or artificial backing—theirbrilliancy
  is guaranteed forever. One thirtieth
  the cost of a diamond. These remark-
  able gems are set only in 14 Karat Solid
  Gold Mountings. Sent on approval—your
  money cheerfully refunded if not perfectly
  satisfactory. It will be well worth your
  while to get our De-Luxe Jewel Book—
  yours for the asking. Cut out and
  mail the coupon below—or write a
  postal. Address

    Remoh Jewelry Co., r.fr
    549 N. Broadway, St. Louis. Mo. , ^

        “ Remoh
        Jewelry Co.,

                     549N. Broadway, St. Louis, Mo.^

        'Y/’J' Send your De-Lust* Jewel Book.

 Xame......................................................... .

fto Address..............................................................................................Siflll

# cuy...............................................And

^	Mail This

C0Up0n Today

RESTORES COLOR

To Gray or Faded Hair

 Removes dandruff, invigorates the scalp, and
 stimulates a healthy growth of hair. Is not a
 dye. Satisfaction promised or money refunded.

 $1.00 and 50c at drug and department stores
 or direct upon receipt of price and dealer's
 name. Send 10c for sample bottle.

Philo Hay Specialties Company, Newark, N.J., U.S. A.

REFUSE ALL SUBSTITUTES

HAY’S HARFINA SOAP

 is unequalled for the complexion, toilet, bath,
 red, rough, chapped hands and face. Preserves
 and beautifies and keeps the skin soft and
 healthy. 25c drug and department stores.

HAIO HAIR HEALTH

In answering any ailrerliscmcnl on this page il is iltsiiable that !/"" mention The K-UlBOAH Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

DIAMONDS—WATCHES

 ON CREDIT

   Gifts for the June Bride

 No. 185— Dinner Ring, fine Ilk solid | No. 160—ltk solid gold hunting ease,

                                      Innest quality uminonu; r.igin
                                      Waltham or Rockford movo’t

gold, platinum top, openwork,
encrusted with 9 tine dia

                                  (f'AA Osize,extra headband carved, /h i
                                  \MII , finest quality Diamond; Elgin, Tkfl *

                                          | Waltham or Rockford move't.

     Credit Terms: $9.00 a Month , Credit Terms: $4.30 a Month
 Write for our Handsome 100-page. Catalog containing over 2.000 illustra-
 tions of Diamonds (new exclusive mountings, our own designs), Watches, Artistic
 Jewelry, Silverware, Novelties. Every article priced 10 to 20 per cent lower than oth-

 THE OLD RELIABLE ORIGINAL DIAMOND •».«*“*tor »»>«• w° •»
     AND WATCH CREDIT HOUSE

Dept. £661 92 to 98 State SL, CHICAGO, ILL.

BROS & CO. 1858 Branches: Pittsburg, Pa.; St. Louis, Mo.

rect importers, and give our customers
every advantage. Let us send you a line
Diamond or Watch on approval, all charges
prepaid. If satisfactory, keep it and send us
one-fifth of the price, balance in eight equal monthly amounts.

NO. 160

Write today.

F COURSE you buy an Indestructo
for strength and safety. But you also
buy it for individuality.

    The Indestructo is the one trunk that bears the individual, distinguishing name
of the product—your protection.

      Indestructo Hand Luggage—the only American made leather goods that bear any distinctive name—means
that you get the gen nine in leather luggage always. The Indestructo Bag that is sold to you as seal is seal—not
goat; every kind and grade of leather is exactly as described. You get that protection in writing.

INDEstrucTQ

Guaranteed Luggage

    The new Indestructo Trunk is one year better than it was a year ago. Corners are
doubly reinforced—more bands around the body. Government Bronze finish trimmed
—rust-proof. Silk canvas covered. Cedar lined. Five years’ guarantee covers every
part that possibly can break — not just the hardware. The same price everywhere.
Like the Trunks, Indestructo Bags, Suit-cases, etc., have
five years’guarantee. Registered against loss—protected
ifcM-T against theft. Exclusive designs—imported models.

Bottoms made of three-ply Indestructo veneer
■/y	mean unbreakable corners. If your dealer

gjj	doesn’t sell Indestructo Leather Goods, write

us. We will supply you direct.

Write for the Indestructo Trunk and Hag Hook
and your dealer's name.

National Veneer
Products Company

Station E35, MISHAWAKA, IND.

No. 451 Deluxe Men’s Bag

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
GET $1200

OF THIS

$500,000.00

NEXT MONTH
$500,000.00 to change hands

One cent starts you. Any honest, industrious
man or woman can enter.

HURRY! HURRY! HURRY!

Thousands of dollars already distributed- -
going on daily. Listen !

10 people receive over $40,000

          in two week* went to Koistud I a funner
SI ,300 one lnoiitli, 91.1 OO anothei to Stonenian (an artist
•Slit.-' I"i lift days credited to Zimmerman a» fanner
S.S.OOO ill ::<> days (O Wilson * banket

          in 7H days received by Rasp an agent'

Shoo ill 11 div- Mild Ijil.OOO to dale. received l»v Ovlatt .a nilnUten
82.*»00 to Rogers a surveyor)

S<i,NOO to Juell <a clerk)

$2.^00 to Hoard a doctor
$5,000 to Hai t <a rai nier
Those are just a few—hundred* sharing similar pros-
perity. Reads like ticiiou. >oi it'a the gospel irutli.

Proven bj sworn §lHlomenls- addresses
In vestl;;ul Ion—any proof yon wanf.

Don’t envy these people join
hands Win a fortune.

Do a- they are doing. Let us give von tin- same high
grade opportunity. siipjih In# g	it> home- with

Allen's Wonderful Itaili Apparatus.

      New, Different, Grand.

Wonderful but true—gives eior.t lionie a hath
room for only $0..*»0 : excels oth-rs costin-'$2oo.

Abolishes tubs. bowl-. bucket*. w.i-h r.«gs and sponge.-,

Turns any room into a hafli room with liol
or cold running* u alcr. Think ol It I So energize*
water—one gallon ample : cleanses almost, automatical!j :
no plunibiiis—no wafer works* ►e,f heating
iiiv«*!» t'lciiiisiiig. friction. massage and
shower batlis. Makes bathing.* inlniife opera-
tion. Operates wherever water i<* obtainable. K*sil>
carried from room to room or packed in grip wnen travel-
"in So simple » child can operate. Trul,> marvel
Oils! A modern home-bathing without the drudgery.

Inconvenience, annoyance, muss or lugging water, tilling
tubs, emptying, cleaning, putting away. Could anything
he more popular, easier to sell? Agents, it's slmph
irresistible. Think or millions who want hath room*.

Unquestionably befit thing ever happened for agents.

What a winner—at sight people exclaim—'» There,
there, that'.s what I've neen longing ror \o compe-
tition. Patent new—Held uuworked —demand enormous — price In-
significant — fascinating, dignified. exciting work everything; just
right for an overw helming business. A demonstrated, gigantic
success. You see \»hat others are making why not yourself? Used
by I . S. 4-overumeiit. No wonder Beem writes: ‘-I averaged

$164.25 WEEKLY FOR 3 MONTHS.

days: Hart lo in .*{ hours; l.angle.v 9115 worth tlie firs!

da> : Reese solicited OO people—sold .■».». Wby shouldn’t Cashman
say: “ Men who coutdu't sell your goods couldn’t sell bread in a famine,’
and Loth*wick, •• l.ucky I answered ad : it’s great : niono> coining fast:
1 7 orders to-day.'’

$500,000.00

worth will be sold easily this season. 7.1 per cent, profit to yon.

Rxperionec unnecessary -

FREE SAMPLE AND CREDIT TO
ACTIVE AGENTS

exclusive rights—own a rip-roaring busi-
the world tlint all you need is a real
Investigate for your own use anyhow.

Make $e,000 this year.

daily. One cent starts
you a mere postal,

containing your name and
address—that's all. Send in
m o n e v — investigate tirst.
Send to-day for amazing ofTer
—Il’s free. You will for-

___ m	ever associate this act with

Sectional ^nbuudau't prosperity.

ALLEN MFG. CO., 3314 Allen Bldg., Toledo, Ohio

 it

M. Stonenua

Too Much

Florida
Land Has

Be en Sold

to people who have
never seen it. Write
Brooksville Board of
Trade for BOOK OF
FACTS, describing
different kinds of
Florida soil. We

_ have no land to sell,

but want settlers and
investors to develop richest district in Flor-
ida, according to the .State Dept, of Agri-
culture : not pine land, not sand, but high
and rolling with rich dark top soil and clay
subsoil. No fertilizer, irrigation or drain-
age necessary. Raises 80 bu. of corn per
acre. Be.st for citrus fruits, truck and
staple crops. An industrious man with
$500 to $1,000 capital can be independent
here. 300 ft. above sea, no swamps or
marshes. Ideal climate, schools, churches,
towns, good roads, all conveniences. Horne-
seekers and investors please investigate.
We need you and will help you.

Board of Trade

Box 273

Brooksville, Florida

OrookedSpinesMadeSlraighl

       Use the Sheldon Method
       30 Days at Our Risk.

   VOU need not venture the loss of a penny. No matter how
   1 serious your case, no matter what else you have tried, the
   Sheldon Method will help you and probably wholly overcome
   your affliction. We are so sure of this that we will make a Shel-
   don Appliance to suit your special condition and let you decide,
   after 30 days, whether you are satisfied. We make this unusual
   ofTer simply because the 16.000 cases we have treated absolutely
   prove the wonderful benefit the Sheldon Method brings to spinal
   sufferers, young and old.

   There Is no need to suffer longer or to bear the torture of old-
   fashioned plaster, leather or steel jackets. The Sheldon Appli-
   ance gives an even, perfect and adjustable support to the weak-
   ened or deformed spine and brings almost immediate relief
   even In the most serious cases. It Is as easy to put on or take
   off as a coat, does not chafe or irritate, is light and cool. The
   price Is within reach of all who suffer. You owe it to yourself, or
   the afflicted one In your family, to find out more about it. Send
   for our book free at once.

   PHILO BURT MFG. CO., 255 Fifth Street. Jamestown. N.Y.

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

the Trust!!

          The Smashing Anti*
          Trust Fighl Now Onl

       » Just your name
       m and address on

              the Coupon below brings
you the new 1911 edition of our famous Camp
Guide, absolutely free. The most practical
book on camp life ever written. Gives you

practical information written by experienced men who have spent
years in camps in v\ t ry p.itl of the country. This camp guide
tells you everything you need to know about camping—

it tells you how to camp successfully and enjoy ably—gives you the
information that you could not possibly sccurc otherwise except
by actual and often disagreeable experience.

        Trust
Prices
Eclipsed at Last!

Get Ready NOW for Your

   The time for planning is growingshort. Go
camping. You cannot find a more healthful or
enjoyable way of using the time at your disposal.

   But when you do go-go right! Send for our new Camp
Guide and Catalog the first thing you do. You will find listed and
described the largest line of Tents, Camper’s Supplies, Sails and
Canvas Specialties carried by any manufacturer in the United States.
We sell direct from our huge factories to you. You arc
sure of getting the very highest qualities it is possible to obtain at
less than you would have to pi*y at retail for decidedly inferior goods.

1N0 letter necessary; just send the couponi

In answering any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The ISailhoad Man's Magazine,
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

This beautiful two-
piece, all worsted,
Oxford pray. s*‘lf-
st r i p ed, fashion-
a b 1 y tailored
Spring SuitSlO.95
Cash with order
$2.75. Monthly
Payments.. $1.40

THEM BEFORE PAYING!

These ^Gems^are chemical while sapphires.

 ha rd they*can't he filed and will cut glass. I’ril-
 liancy guaranteed 25 years. All mounted in 14 K solid
 gold diamond mountings. Will send you any style ring, pin
 or stud on approval—all charges prepaid—no money in advance.
 I CC7* Write for Frw lllu*truted booklet. special price* and ring m*»mre.

.WHITE VALLEY GEM CO.. 704 Saks Bide.. Indianapolis. Ind

ON
CREDIT

Special This Month $ 1 /J50

17-Jewel Genuine ELGIN ^W^only 1 \J =

 Sent PREPAID On Free Trial ai Our Special HOCK BOTTOM WHOLESALE PRICE.

        Let me send you this

           '■/ Beautiful Genuine 17-Jewel Elgin Watch
               Complete In ZO-Year Gold Filled Case—
               the BIGGEST BARGAIN Ever Offered i

__1SS $2 A Month

ou Assume No Risk Whatever m Pealing With Us 0uaran,e,d,or20Y..„.

because before you buy or pay one cent, we plaoe the watch right in your own hards end let It do it
ask NO SECURITY and NO INTEREST—just plain honesty among men. Our Elgin Watches are eo well

known and our CREDIT PLAN bo easy, that no matter where you live or how

__________________________________________ - .	small your wapea, WE WILL

TRUST YOU, so that you and every honest man and woman can own a DIAMOND or High-Grade Elgin Watch
In a beautiful Guaranteed 25 year Gold Filled Case and wear It while paying for It In such small payments that
you never miss the money. Write today tor our Big Froo Watch and Jewelry Catalog. It tell*
all about our easy credit plan and how we send Elgin 19-Jewel B. W. Raymond and 21 and 23-Jewel Elgin
V/erlta9 everywhere on Free Trial, without security or one cent deposit, positively Guaranteed to Pass Any

Inspection. HARRIS-GOAR CO.

Dept. 95 KANSAS CITY, MO.

                                  Tbe House that Sella Bore Elgin Watches than Anj tuber Firm in the World

 WATCH AND
 DIAMOND

 Book FREE

  Write For It.

Six Months to Pay

                  gp You will be surprised and delighted
                  ^ when you receive your copy of the
                  latest edition of Woolf's Encyclopedia
                  " Bargains—now fresh from the press-
                  This book will prove to you that
                  you may be a style leader among
                  your friends—wear clothes of abso-
                  lutely proper perfection—and pay
                  for them in little sums just as is
                  most convenient to you. We allow
                  you six full months in which to
                  pay for anything you buy of us,
                  and as we are one of the

Largest Establishments
of This Kind in the World

                       we absolutely guarantee perfect sat-
                       isfaction or your money back.

                         I a iliac’ Suits. Skirts, Waists, Petti-
                         Lalllcb coats. Hair Goods. Coats,
                         Dresses, Corsets, Underwear, Millin-
                         ery, etc.. etc.

                      Vlpn'c Suits. Raincoats, Overcoats,
                      men a Top Coats. Hats. Trousers.
                      Vests. Coats, etc.. etc.

                  We Ship on Approval
              We were the first concern to offer wear-
              ing apparel on credit by mail. We have
              thousands of satisfied customers all over
              the country. Our transactions are
              absolutely confidential.

Send Your Name at Once

 for this beautiful Encyclopaedia of bar-
 gains.

_Ask for your free copy of Book No.

25 Address

WOOLF’S INCORPORATED

Dept. 940 Douglas Park Station, Chicago

Railroad Men, Attention!

Remarkable Watch Offer.

 Any 21-Jewel Hamilton, Hampden. Elgin,

Waltham, Bunn Special, Vanguard. Cte>- *PXII W
cent Street, fitted in any 20-year case, only	0

 All the above movements aie warranted l<» stand a rlsid rail-
 road test or money refunded. A SAVIXli of 311 per cent nf
 regular prices is assured.

 Established 187!». Mali ordei- j,-,.i..|.ily filled. Send for
 Illustrated catalog.

M. L. COHEN COMPANY
29 Washington Ave. South. Minneapolis. Minn.

I Want Men

Like YOU. Who Want to Make
$3,000 ^Yea^^flore

 \V.- need a good live ninn ri^bi now in your territory
 to handl«* real estate deal* for ii*. No experience or I
 •apital necessary. 1 will teach >oii the Krai Estate Busl- I
 n**". Also Commercial.Law and Kntineia Method*, I
 then appoint von reprcvntatir* in your locality. I
 Easy work: Inr^e profit*. "rite tor free book. I
 MOKIIKV	.V LOAX CO.. I

 4(14 Palace Rid*.	Minneapolis. -Mian. I

IAMO NdST

                      I at 1/40 the cos!—IN SOLID GOLD RINGS

                         Stand acid test and expert examination. W«
                         guarantee them. See them first—then pajr.
                         Special Offer — 14k Tiffany ring 1 ct *5.98.

 Ik Gents rin?: 1 ct. $6.98. 34k Stud 1 ct. J4 S6 Sent
 for inspection. Catalog FREE, show*
 niAMONn^r ful1 !ine Patent ring gauge included. 10c The
 Baroda Co., Dept. A12 I.eland A Dorer St. Cbiea-o

 KTh.cmcI I frying pan
 !12lSEl£y ATTACHMENT

Bv attaching to any frying pan it does away with
all smell smoke—smut. One of tin- greatest little in-
ventions of the century. A simple attachment that
revolutionizes the cooking art. Send 25 cents for
oni> to day. Agents wanted everywhere.

ARNAN MFG. CO.

 No. 29. City National Bank Building. Utica. N. Y.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

   When our patents expire, every
revolver in the world will have the famous
Iver Johnson Safety Action. Our catalog
tells why.

IVER JOHNSON'S ARMS & CYCLE WORKS
172 River Street,.Fitchburg, Mass.

        THF. MIAMI CYCLE & MFG. CO

         24 Grand Avenue,

      < Middletown. Ohio
              U. S A.

THE OLD WAV

30 Days’ FREE Trial!

  WANTED—RIDER AGENTS SS

        Model “Ranger" bicycle furnished by us. Our agents everywhere arc making money fast. Wri/eat

         once for full particulars and special offer. NO MONK Y REQUIRED until you receive an<j approve Gf

         your bicycle. We ship to anyone, anywhere in the U. S. without a cent deposit in advance, prepay
         freight, and allow TEN DAYS' FREE TRIAL during which time you may ride the bicycle and put
         it to any test you wish. If you are then not perfectly satisfied or do not wish to keep the bicycle
         vou may ship it back to us at our expense and vow will not be out one cent.

         I fiW FACTORY PRICFS We furnish the highest grade bicycles it is possible to make at one sriiall profit

.	riuvfc.** above the actual factory cost. You save £io to £25 middlemen’s profits by

         buying direct of us and have the manufacturer’s guarantee behind your bicycle. DO NOT liOY a bicycle or
         a pair of tires from anyone at any Price until you receive our catalogues and learn our unheard of
         factory Prices and remarkable special offer.

   **““	“ ““	wh__,v.____ ______________0__________y ....	....—_.

the ■wottderfxtl tow prices we can make you. We sell the highest grade

         Yflll WII I RE AQTfiUIQUrn when you receive our beautiful catalogue and study our superb models
         I UU VTIIala DC HO I UHIvllLLI the ■wonderfxit tow prices we can make you. We sell
         bicycles at lower prieen than any other factory. We are satisfied with $1.00 profit above factory <

           DEALERS. you can sell our bicycles under your own name plate at double our prices. Orders filial the day received.

          SECOND HAND BICYCLES—a limited number taken In trade by our Chicago retail stores will be closed out at once,
          at #3 to $8 each. Descriptive bargain list mailed free.

          TIRCC PHACTPR RRAIf C rear wheels, inner tubes, lamps, cyclometers, parts, repairs and everything In the
I 1111.09 UUHtf I kll DllHIVk bicycle line at half usual prices. DO NOT WAIT—but write today for our
Lar^e Catalogue beautifully illustrated and containing a great fund ot interesting matter and useful information. It only costs a postal
to get everything. Write It now.

MEAD CYCLE CO. Dept. W 31 CHICAGO, ILL.

In ttntwcrlnij any advertisement on this page it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man’s Magazine.

STAR TS
INLTHE STAN

   30 Days Free Trial

       , and if we haven't nn ngent in your
       | city, we will sell you ut wholosalo
       agents’ price, one

  AMERICAN
  Motorcycle or Bicycle

 ,__id propay tho freight. \\ rite for our in-
 troducing offer and catalog, and say whether
 ' you want motorcycle or bicycle. I)o it now.

^Fish Bite

       like hungry wolves and keep you busy if you go
       after them with my wonderful fish-luring bait

         MAGIC-FISH-LURE.

       Best fish bait ever invented. You catch a big
       string: of fish while the other fellows are wait-
       ing for a bite, l'rice 85c. a box. Positively
       guaranteed. Write for Free Booklet and my
       special offer of one box to help introduce it.
       J. F. GKKGOK1, Dept, a, St. Louis, Mo

You Don’t Pay Us a Penny if Not Pleased With
Your "America” Bicycle! New Special Offer!

GUARANTEED 10 YEARS!

The dniible-streu^ih •« America Truss Frame
Bicycle” an*1 ••America Coaster-Brake
Diamond Biirj cle.”the preateHt values in the history
of ihe bicycle, are now sold only from l'aclor> direct
to rider AT MAAI'FHTIRFB’S I'KICKS
—all Jobbers', wholesalers’, distributer.'', and dealers'
profits being knocked off! Shipped fully equipped—XO
i:\TKA8 to buy—on approval for free examina-
tion and free I rial ! Money refunded if not satisfied.
Manufacturers' factory-to-rider prices allow you to own
tlie world’* biggest bicycle value at less cost iIihii other
wheels.1 ••America” Bicycles are insured. (Se«
catalog. A postal or letter brings special offers with
catalog by return mail. It cost* but i penny, but saves dollars >n
your wheel. Write today to

(3 ANKKICA CVCI.K .MF«. CO.. Dept. 108

319 .Michigan Ave. (The Old-Keliable Bicycle House;, Chicago. 111.

'J'HIS 4 H. P. beauty

 has abolished hard
 pedalling starts.
 Equipped with V Bolt
 and Free Engine, you start in the stand.
 With clutch disengaged, the engine runs
 free, you mount and get away smoothly
 P^tiul easily—just like an automobile is started.
 Controlled from the handle bar grip, you can
 start and stop any where—uphill or level ground—
 without taking hands from bars. Equipped with
 Musselmau Armless air-cooled brake — surest,
 strongest and simplest motor brake made. Auti-
 vibratorv spring seat post makes riding over rough
 roads pleasurable,

   A Flat Belt 1011 Model, with Idler, en-
 ables rider to have tightener for belt con-
 stantly at command. Both Battery and
 Magneto models can be furnished. Ma-
 terials and workmanship arc fully
 guaranteed.

Write for our 1011 FREE Illustrated Cstalo*.

 It explains the simplicity ahd perfection of
 tho Racycle clutch. nn«l other safety and
 comfort features which make tho Racycle
 Motorcycle tho ono really desirable
 machine

The Hammer Never
Touches the Firing Pin

No Hard Pedalling

    on

Motorcycle
THE RAILROAD MAN'S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

DIAMONDS ON CREDIT

20% DOWN—10% PER MONTH

 Why wait for your Diamond until you have saved the price ?
 Pay for it by the Lyon Method. Lyon's Diamonds are guar-
 anteed perfect blue-white. A written guarantee accompanies
 each Diamond. All goods sent prepaid for inspection. 10%
 discount for cash. Send now for catalog No. 97
 J. M. LYON & CO., Established 1843 71-73 Nassau St., New York

SSsr/S

2158 $30 <>2306

QQ PROFIT

In One Day

                   Machine a sure money-
                   getter—better than a
                   mint. That's what Mr.

                     J. R. Gray, of Pickens,
                     Miss., writes.

The Wonder
Cannon Camera

 will do the same for you. It is the biggest
 outdoor money-maker to-day. Makes photo
 buttons at the rate of 8 a minute. No ex-
 perience needed. Write at once for

Free Catalog

 Be your own boss. Be independent oil only a
 $25.00 investment. This buy- a complete outfit—
 Wonder Cannon Camera. Tripod and Supplies to
 make 400 finished photo
 buttons. Will ship out-
 fit upon receipt of S5.00
 deposit—balance C. O. D.

 Don’t waste valuable time
 getting started in this Big
 Money - Getting Business, f.

  Fairs, street corners and all
  outdoor attractions offer big
  opportunities to hustlers.

 Chicago Ferrotype Co.

 Dept. A 26 Chicago, III.

“DON’T SHOUT

 \ " 1 hear you. I can hear now as well at
          anybody. ‘How?’ Oh, some-
          thing new-THE MORLEY
          PHONE. I’ve a pair in my ears
          now, bul they are invisible. I would
          not know I had them in, myself,
          only that I hear all right."

The I>Ior]ey Phone for the

DEAF

                              makes low sounds and whis-
 pers plainly heard. Invisible,
 comfortable, weightless and
 harmless. Anyone can adjust
 it. Over one hundred thousand sold. Write for booklet and testimonials.
 THE MORLEY CO.. Dept. 768. Perry Bldg., Phila.

YOU

^<>*10 A DAY

                  EVEN if you never sold a
            dollar's worth of goods in
            your lif*;, make $5 to J10 a
            day — selling our made-to-
            oril'-r suits and pants.

This Is Your Chance to Make Money.

                    We sell suits from S3 to ilO less
                    than other houses, give better
                    tailoring, make better fitting
                    clothes, with absolute guarantee.
                    You can undersell others: no
                    work to take orders for us. Tou
                    ■’an not fail—our line is the only
                    line where you can give satis-
                    faction or money refunded. It
                    is a snap to sell Regal Tailoring.

                BIG MONEY—EASY WORK.

                   We start you Free. Send for sam-
 ples now. We will back you with
 our capital and experience—you
 do not need money—we will in-
 struct yon and you can com-
 mence making money at once.
 Send us your name and address
 now and an outfit larger than all others with newest
 samples, large fashion plate, tape measure and
 everything necessary will be sent you Free.

 You Can Get Your Own Clothes At Inside Price
 to advertise us. Write today and receive exclusive
 territory. If not interested show it- to your friends
 as this is too good a tiling to miss. The biggest
 chance to make money.

REGAL TAILORING COMPANY

191 Market Street, Dept. 635,	CHICAGO

We use the I’uion I.alicl oil all our garments.

CAN BEiA SALESMAN

 EARN WHILE YOU LEARN

 We have Salesman’s Posit Ions open in which yon
 can secure Practical Training and earn trood
 money while fit udyiug our course. Men equipped with our
 ny-htem of Practical Traininf: earn Jrom$t.200toj5.000 a year.
 Positions now open. Address: C. J. Brown, Presidcut.
 THE PRACTICAL SCHOOLS OF SALESMANSHIP. Box J
 B-:t Cleveland,0., Box LC4 Ft-Worth,Te;..or Box B24 .Vi*. City/

   An advertisement of this size would cost you
 S85.55 net in the six Munsey Magazines, reaching
 1,708.000 magazine reading homes monthly. Send
 to-day for an interesting, illustrated booklet which
 tells about the extraordinary advertising service
 rendered by these magazines.

The Frank A. Munsey Company

175 Fifth Avenue	New York

In answering any advertisement on this pane it U desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION

Anchoi>lpWindward

'"I'HE nian who saves with an eye to future
need must eliminate all risk as far as
possible and investigate thorough!' his proposed
investment.

    A good investment to investigate is the six
 per cent Realty Bond of the New York Central
 Realty Company issued in denominations of
 $1001), 8500 and $100. It offers a high grade
 of security, a liberal cash availability and an
 interest earning of (< %

 Write for booklet illustrating ihe methods of ihr Company,
 describing its bonds, their redempUve privileges and advantages
 over other Realty securities.

EVERYBODY KNOWS US

New York Central Realty Co.

Suite 1185. 1328 Broadway, New York

CAPITAL ANO SURPLUS %\ 537 700.81

$ 1	Weighs but 4% lbs.

                          Standard Key-
                          board 84 char-
                          acters. Guar-
                          anteed fully.
                          Sent on 10 Days
                          FREE Trial.

A Practical, Portable 010
Typewriter, only V I O

  No excuse to ever be unbusiness-like in your
 correspondence, when you can always have the
 Bennett Typewriter with you. No larger, case
 and all, than a book. Takes a space only 2x5x11
 in. Writes letters or orders neatly and swiftly, and
 provides an extra copy. 84 characters same as big
 machines, with only a tenth as many parts—hence,
 its low price. Quality guaranteed. Made in the
 Elliott-Fisher Billing Machine Factory.

10 Days FREE Trial *“£*3°

   You need the Bennett for use on the pocket
 train, at hotels, home or business—every like a
 time you have 100 pa^es typed, you
 spend the price of a Bennett Own a
 Bennett, be business-like and
 save money. Write us today that
 you are ready to let the Bennett
 prove toyouin person its practi*
 cability, neatness and speed. We
 will send you our catalog, sam-
 ples of Bennett work, and ex-
 plain fully our 10 day trial offer.

 B.	R. BennettTypewriterCo.

 366 Broadway, New York City

....... ------\

 Those volumes contain from 800 to 950 pages of text and
 illustration. They are beautifully bound in green cloth and
 stamped in black and gold-leaf. They form a record of
 contemporary thought and literary achievement, replete
 with the best serials and short stories obtainable in the
 world of fiction. Their informative special articles cover
 every department of human endeavor.

“I Saw It in MUNSEY’S Years Ago

How oiten you hear this comment passed upon some notable article or some famous
story. Why not have these volumes in your library? No other dollar's worth of
reading can be so rich in entertainment, in information, in beauty of illustration.

Let us know what year you want, and send us check or money-order for $1.35 (35c. to
pa}’ for carriage) and a bound volume will be sent you at once. If you have any old
favorite story in mind, let us trace it for you, and send the volume containing it.
These volumes are invaluable for schools and libraries.

  The Frank A. Munsey Company, 175 Fifth Avenue, New York

v	J

In nnxirt riii'i •//!£/ <i<h rrlixemrnt <»n this /#»/»/#? it is tb'xirnhle th'it i/mi mention The Raii.roap Man's Ma«;a/.in
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

This Inch Advertisement in

Munsey’s Magazine Produced
a Profit of $290.99

                            An advertisement of this size in MUNSEY’S
                            MAGAZINE would cost you $29.69. In all six
                            of the Munsey Magazines, reaching 1,700,000
                            magazine reading homes monthly, $85.55.

                             Write for full particulars and free booklet.

                    The Frank A. Munsey Company

                175 Fifth Avenue	New York

WE inserted this one-inch advertisement in a recent issue
of Munsey’s Magazine. It filled an inconspicuous place
on a page of small advertisements. We charged our advertising
department with $29.69—just what the space would cost any
other advertiser.

    Thsre is nothing particularly clever about this announce-
ment. It is a bare statement of our rates, but doubtless its
plainness recommended it—for up to this date we have made
a profit of $290.99 on the business received from this insertion.

    If we demanded any concrete demonstration of the "pulling
power" of space in Munsey’s Magazine, this instance would
convince us.

    Certainly, it is pretty conclusive evidence of the produc-
tiveness of space in The Munsey Magazines.

                   Write for rates and literature

THE FRANK A. MUNSEY COMPANY
175 Fifth Avenue, New York
THE RAILROAD MAX'S MAGAZINE ADVERTISING SECTION.

                            complex

POMPEIAN S

gives people ;i fresh, wholesome, uttracti-ve appearance because it pro-
duces comp/etc facial cleanliness In taking the dirt out of the pores—
soap simph removes surface grime.

   Xo one need have a sallow skin—no one need feel the embarrass-
ment caused by a tht/l, hje/ess complexion, w hich robs the features of
their natural beauty. Having a clear, fresh
complexion is merely a matter of vetting it with
Pompeian’s help. In other words

'‘Don’t Envy a Good Complexion;
Use Pompeian and Have One”

All Dealers

50c.. 75c.

  and $1

  Trial Jar and Art Picture, both sent for
10c. (stamps or coin) for postage and pack-
ing. For years you have heard of Pompeian’s
merits and benefits. To get you to act now
we will send a “Pompeian
Beauty’’ Art Picture in ex-
quisite colors, with each trial
jar. This is a rare offer. This
“Pompeian Beauty” is very
expensive and immensely
popular. Clip coupon now.

 Cut along this line fill in and mail today

Thu Pompeian Mfg. Co.

171 Prospect St., Cleveland, O.

Gentlemen—Enclosed find 10c. (stamps or
coin) lor postage and packing, for which please
send me a trial jar of Pompeian and a "Pom-
peian Beauty" Art Picture.

Name...........

Address.

i: City............................................State.............

h\ mitwerimi this advertisement it it ilesirahle that you mention Tin Kailboad Man’s Magazine.
IHE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE- ADVERTISING SECTION.

Half Service
Or Double Expense

TWO telephone systems in one
town mean a divided commun-
ity or a forced duplication of
apparatus and expense.

  Some of the people are connected
with one system, some are con-
nected with the other system ; and
each group receives partial
service.

  Only those receive full
service who subscribe for the
telephones of both systems.

  Neither system can fully meet
the needs of the public, any more
than a single system could meet the
needs of the public if cut in two and
half the telephones discontinued.

  What is true of a single commun-
ity is true of the country at large.

  The Bell System is estab-
lished on the principle of one
system and one policy, to meet
the demands for universal
service, a whole service for
all the people.

American Telephone and Telegraph Company

And Associated Companies

/» answering this advertisement it is tlesirahle that you mention Tub Haii.koaii Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAX’S MAG A'/. IN E—ADVERTISING SECTION

INGRAM’S

■M'V5Ki5eD

CREAM

        Co»»,

•-OS

INGRAM'S

■wwaiw-

CREAM

FOR

^.PPtr.KLES.SUNO\JRN.Ptt
EADS.CC/EI-A (, AUSjj
»• MAKES THE SKIN SO‘’.^
PREVENTS'
.*5 READ'I.Y AeSOR9£t>.

eBtUew. ff. IJW@^

PKOl'RiETOR;

TROIT	0

m.FnWi?1

l&lisAliitCWi

AiillvWCl’j

i*. 5? ^a»f

MM.icroi

Detroit,

There Is Beauty
In Every eJar

Improves Bad Complexions
Preserves Good Complexions

I a ,1 newer*'11/ this advertisement it is desirable that you mention The Railroad Man's Magazine.
THE RAILROAD MAN’S MAGAZINE—ADVERTISING SECTION.

     Johiisou’s Wood Dye is made in many beautiful greens, browns, reds, etc. It is not a mere stain but
 a penetrating dye wbicli colors the wood so deeply that if it becomes scratched or marred the natural color
 is not disclosed’ It brings out the beauty of the grain without raising it, giving a soft. rich, permanent
 color. A coat of Johnson's Prepared Wax over the dye gives that beautiful, dull, artistic finish so mucli
 admired today. If you prefer a higher gloss than the wax gives apply a coat of UNDER-LAC over the
 dye and then one coat of Prepared Wax.

 I Jnder-I ar ‘s a *''*"• elastic spirit finish very much superior to shellac or varnish. It dries liar
 in less than an hour. Under-Lac is just what you want for your linoleum and oil-
 cloth ; it brings out the pattern, making it bright and glossy like new, protects it from wear and makes
 cleaning easy. It dries so the floors may be walked on in an hour.

      Go to your leading paint dealer for Free Instruction Book and Free Samples of Johnson's Wood Finishes, which we
 supply to him for his customers' use. If your dealer hasn't samples of our Wood Dye, Under-Lac and Prepared Wax, an.:
 the Books, we’ll send them to you postpaid for the name of your dealer in paint. In writing mention shade of Dye wanted
 and Instruction Book, Edition No. RM 5.

S. C. Johnson & Son, “ The Wood Finishing Authorities, ” Racine, Wis.

Wood Dye
and
Prepared

Wax

 If you are i nterest-
 ed in craftsman-
 ship—if you want
 the correct finish
 on a new piece of
 furniture — if you
 are building or re-
 modeling— if you

 want to brighten up or change the color of any
 piece of furniture or of woodwork or floors—either
 hard or soft wood—if interested in basketry—get
 this expert Instruction Book and FREE SAMPLES AT VOL'R LEADING PAIXT DEALERS

Instruction Book

and Wood Finishing
 Samples

 Vpc f You — yourself — can
 * beautifully finish or
 refinish all furniture, wood-
 work or floors in the lat-
 est and most artistic
 shades —in little
 time —at small
 expense— with

 ERE’S the best book ever published
       on artistic wood finishing, the work
       of famous experts, illustrated in five
       colors. For a limited time, we will
       mail it FREE, postage paid, to-
       gether with samples of

Johnson’s
Wood Finishes

Johnson’s

In answering this advertisement it is desirable that you iiuntion The Railboad Man's Magazine.
JfflP*

  III!1

Children Like

Fairy Soap

          Its whiteness suggests its purity — and appeals
       to them. It floats always within easy reach — the
       youngster doesn’t have to dive for it. The shape of the
       cake is oval — it fits the hand to a nicety.

       Being made from edible products, Fairy Soap agrees
       with even the tender skin of a babe, and cleanses
       thoroughly without irritating.

       Try Fairy Soap in your nursery and learn why
       —though its price is but 5c — it possesses more
       soap virtues than any other soap at any
       price.

                            THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY
>T1	T./	CHICAGO

Have You
a little Fairy in Your
THE MUNSET PRESS, NEW YORK